4	Kauai Cafe is a new spot that had its Grand Opening today, specializing in Hawaii Local Food located in the corner of Tropicana and Hualapai, My family and I dropped in for an early dinner tonight, hungry of course, or as my dad likes to say..."we da Flemings and we HUNGRY!"...in that Clyde Klump voice. Lol. I think our family had a fair spread of the whole menu tonight. The menu isn't too big, yet its not too small. You have your breakfast items, your specialty items, main mix plate items, burgers and sandwiches, and sides. The prices weren't too bad either.Dad and the lil bro had the "Linaka's Mix Grill" which consisted of Teri Pork, Char Siu Chicken and Kalbi. I didn't get to have any, but it looked really good, and of course will be my first pick when i go back. I had the "Kauai Chicken" which is  Quarter hind chicken dipped in Heinikein Beer batter, and deep fried. Ohhh man...this dish as we like to say in Hawaii, was 'Broke Da Mouth!" meaning DELICIOUS! It was so juicy and crispy on the outside. I will def be back for the chicken. The mac salad was a little bland for me. It could've used a little more mayo i think, and since the rice was still cooking I got the fried noodles instead (which was pretty good). Most plate lunches comes with  your choice of Rice, Fried Rice or Fried Noodles and Mac Salad.  Out of everyone that was there with me, these were the only two that stuck with me, so I decided to share. The rest, well its up to you to find out. For the first day open, I believe they have a good thing going here, and down the line they can work out some kinks. But other than that, the staff is friendly, and food is ono, and I say E Komo Mai to this new Hawaiian Restaurant in Town. Aloha!
5	I'm used to getting horrible service and sub-par food from Hawaiian places. It must be because I frequent Aloha Kitchen more than I should -- but what can I do when it's the closest thing to UNLV?Now let's look at Kauai Cafe. The server was awfully kind, the kitchen staff look like they enjoy their jobs, AND THE INSIDE OF THE PLACE IS SUPER CLEAN. I can't emphasize enough how sick I am of walking into restaurants that are super dirty -- especially most Hawaiian places.On to the food -- the portion sizes and the quality of the food is pretty good. I shared lunch with my co-workers and from what I remember I ate some kalbi, teriyaki chicken,  and pulled pork; all of which were quite tasty. If I had a complaint, it would be that the rice itself was a bit mushy but it happens.I know that Kauai Cafe is still a fairly new place, but if this is their style of work I can only see things getting better from here.
4	Solid four stars. Teriyaki beef to go, very tasty and good size portion. Rice and Mac salad was good too. I could have gone for two scoops of rice though for the price, and a little extra teriyaki sauce would have been nice. Oh and some hot sauce other than Tabasco would have been good. Other than those very nitpicky things, the plate was good. I'll be back.
4	This place was completely empty when we came to place an order for take out around 5pm on a Tuesday night.. I hope business picks up for them... The menu has all your standard Hawaiian favorites like Katsu plate and spam musubi! But what caught my eye was the juicy burger.. Which is a burger that is grilled with the cheese inside the meat.. I've been wanting to try something like this after reading James K & Jenny D's reviews about the famous Juicy Lucys in Minnesota~!  the food took like 5 minutes since we were the only ones there .. I really like how the kitchen is open so I can see them cook my food~ The Katsu was pretty good can't go wrong with deepfried goodness haha & the Mac salad wasn't overly creamy.. Spam Musubi like most places are premade.. I thought the rice was too mushy so I'll probably pass on this next time..The juicy burger was pretty juicy! You definitely need to like cheese to enjoy this dish! And I do! I LOVE cheese which i guess means I enjoyed this burger haha it came with what I thought were potato chips but turned out to be garlic waffle fries YUMMMMO ~ I'm sure this Kauai juicy burger is not as good as the original in Minnesota but I'm also sure it will satisfy your cravings for the time being~!
5	Got the beef stew special. Was very good especially when you put Hawaiian chili pepper water all ova. Broke da mouth!! My sis had the teriyaki chicken & it was sweet tender & tasty :-)Thanks Steven & Dawn for a good dinner :-)
2	Had the Teri Beef plate. Flavor wise their marinade is onolicious but I have to go to back to my usual loco kine grindz spot Island Flavor. I'm a big eater and I struggle to finish the heaping plate of thick juicy steak at Island Flavor. The Kauai Cafe teri beef was tasty but the portion was like a mini plate for $10.76 out the door. I had to go directly to the nearby Carl's Jr to have 2 bacon guacamole burgers right after because I was still so hungry.
3	It was ono grindz. It did broke da mouth.  This my experience from less than an hour ago.I drag along 3 of my coworkers and we come here to try the place out.  I see lunch specials at the front door and get excited.  Here we go!We sit down at a booth, the lady there is very nice and friendly.  We get waters all around.  A few minutes later we order.Friend 1: "Da Surf Rider" with Fried Noodles.Friend 2: "Da Surf Rider" with Steamed Rice.Friend 3: "Kauai boy Breakfast" with scrambled eggs and potatoes.My Order: Teriyaki Chicken with White Rice, 1 Spam Musubi and 1 Malasada.Food come out shortly later.  In the meantime I notice the place is nice and clean with ample seating.  The lady checks on us multiple times and gives good service.  That is awesome.  The moment of truth comes when our food does and we begin to eat.  For my personal experience, with my Teriyaki Chicken, it was a nice sizable portion.  It came out nice and hot and was very flavorful.   - The chicken tasted good.  Was this chicken sitting in the teriyaki marinade?   It is probably just me though.  It isn't settling well with me.  Maybe I am spoiled with the chicken breast choices from other places around town.  It definitely isn't chicken breasts, I'll give them that. - The steamed rice was perfect.  They gave me two scoops.  They are from Hawaii, they should know how to cook it. :)   I, again, wish they had a brown rice alternative.- The macaroni salad was OK.  The macaroni was a smaller and thicker than what I am used to but it was just me again as I would have preferred a healthier choice like a green salad instead.The malasada was just OK.  It was a little to hard on the outside, but when I bit into it was nice and soft.  It tasted good.  But, I hit an actual cold spot in the middle of it.  :(The spam musubi was good.  One side seemed to be a little watery from sitting in its on steam.  Happens.My friends loved "Da Surf Rider"  It looked delicious.  My other friend liked the Kauai Boy Breakfast.  He commented on how he didn't need ketchup to finish it.In the end when we were ready to pay, we were a little confused with the prices of the food.  I thought I was going to get the lunch special price.  But then, when other people came in and started ordering I heard that the lunch special price got half portions.  I wish I would've known sooner.  I happily paid full price because for what I got, it was a fair deal.I will give them a try again soon.  I see "Da Surf Rider" in my future at least. :)   I also need to give their loco moco a whirl.Awesome people, great service.  Probably just me because I wanted more healthy choices, but otherwise GOOD food.I really wanted to love this place and give them five stars.  Really.  But, I have to be honest in my reviews.
5	First time here. Went into Smith's and heard about this new little Hawaiian restaurant. Place was very clean and had a nice open kitchen. Very friendly workers who checked on us frequently. I had the Chicken Katsu (onolicious!) Came with two scoops rice and mac salad... My boyfriend had the Steak and Pork Chili Dog (this thing took up the entire plate!) and waffle fries. Everything was very tasty I can't wait to go back and try their Teri chicken and island burger, which first caught my eye.
4	We decided on take out for a night at home with the fam and this little nugget popped up in the neighborhood recently.  We investigated the menu online and our DD arrived with dinner shortly thereafter.  OOH LA LA  - I love a pleasant surprise!! It was a win!!!5 of us dined for $50 so a wee above average prices.  Mom had an island burger and said through muffled bites, "this is a pretty darn good burger!"  Dad was quite pleased with his juicy burger and fries as well.  The fries are homemade so they are a hybrid fry/chip.  They are greasy but good.  The burger is stuffed with cheese.  I would have like to try a bite but sadly, there were no remains.As for the rest of us, we shared the staples....kahlua pig with cabbage, kalbi, and kauai chicken with fried rice, noodles, mac salad, and white rice.  It was unanimous that the mac salad was the BEST we have ever had.  The white rice was delightful (which some may think is silly for white rice - but it is the good starchy short grain stuff).  The fried rice was very good; little treasures mixed in such as spam.  The noodles were meh.  I wouldn't order them next time.  The kahlua pig was perfect, the kalbi was fatty, tender and flavorful and the chicken was juicy and cooked perfectly.  The chicken was described as beer battered but it has a very sweet crunchy batter.  I'm not sure what kind of glaze they add.  It was good - but a surprise.  I haven't seen the inside yet but I'm familiar with the small location in a little strip mall in front of Smith's.  A perfect spot for a diamond in the rough.  Our food getter did say she had to wait around 20 minutes for food.  I don't mind a wait if quality results are produced.  I considered stopping there last night on my way home from work but thought it might be too soon.  Like an addict...determining the appropriate time frame before hitting the sauce again.Maybe tonight?  Yum!
4	Finally, a Hawaiian spot in South Summerlin!  I was a little afraid to try this place.  The location was previously inhabited by two failed Mexican restaurants.  I figured the spot must be cursed. But, rejoice all, I think this place will last.   Although sparse and plain, the cafe serves up some pretty decent Hawaiian fare.  The menu is nowhere near as large as places like Island Flavor or Aloha Kitchen, but they seem to have a handle on the classics. If you're looking for Lau Lau, however, you're out of luck.I tried the Kalua Pork & Cabbage ($10.95) which came with two scoops of rice and mac salad. Unfortunately, I found the rice a tad wet and mushy.  Maybe they need a new rice cooker?  But, otherwise, I thought the pork and cabbage was divinely moist and flavorful.  Just add a little Hawaiian chili water and dig in.  I also appreciated the macaroni salad that wasn't caked in mayo.I also ordered the spam musubi which came freshly made and piping hot.  I would definitely order it again (it was a pretty big brick for $2.00). Prett-eh tasty.I'm gonna keep my fingers crossed that they start serving Lau Lau (hint, hint, nudge, nudge, Kauai Cafe). Then I'm in trouble.
4	Yay! A Hawaiian place super close to home.  I've been eyeballing the wonton min since I've been sick with this flu. My hubby decided to get to go and they said 10 minutes till its ready! My kind of joint! I got the wonton min and the hubby got the chicken katsu with rice and Mac salad. He also ordered some spam musubis! The wonton min was tasty, but I wish there was just a lil more noodles. Chicken katsu was ok, not that big of a fan of katsu but my husband enjoyed it.  The katsu sauce wasn't in our bag so make sure you ask/check for it.  The spam musubi has that mayo like sauce which is in sushi so it was a bit different but good. The menu is simple, but I know we will be back to try other things like the juicy burger. Pricing matches other Hawaiian restaurants.
5	This is my second time here and I will definitely be coming back regularly! Had the chicken katsu and my bf had the kalua poor boy and we each had spam musubi and a malasada....sooooo Ono! Always great service! Refilled drinks without having to ask!  Can't wait to come back!
4	This place is a hidden gem! We decided to try it the other night when Hawaiian turned out to be the compromise between Korean and Chinese (don't ask...) for the hubster and I, and we were in the area.Hubster ordered the mixed grill, and I decided to try the kalua pork po' boy. (Spelled poor boy on the menu, but...you know? I just can't) We also got a spam masubi.Everything we got was awesome! Hubster was super happy with the mixed grill, especially the teriyaki beef (I think that's what it was). I tried a bit of the mac salad, and I was thrilled to discover that it wasn't overly mayo'd - something I can't stand. It was awesome.I also loved the slaw on my po' boy for the same reason - nicely tart, lightly mayo'd (if there was any at all). You can get fries, mac salad, or onion strings with the sandwiches, and the onion strings were dangerously addictive.Overall - good stuff. Solid four stars (five if there were more than two booths!)
5	Right when I walked in and asked to look at a menu for a to go order, there was an older hawaiian gentlemen (almost like Mr. Miagi from karate kid LOL) he immediately said hello, introduced himself and was INCREDIBLY nice.  You gotta love that hawaiian culture I absolutely love it.  I just had a feeling right then and there that I was gonna love whatever I ordered. WHY??? because you can tell that there is passion and care put into his business and food. This place is definitely not your typical L&L hawaiian or aloha kitchen type of place.  They have a much smaller menu and although you will see a few typical items, but they are missing several known items as well, that you would find at other hawaiian places.  The prices here are a little higher on a few things too.  I decided to go with their variety special that was posted on their display board out front it was $15 but I figured what the hell because it'll give me a variety of their food and I'll really know if I like it or not and want to return.  After placing my order and waiting a little bit, I saw the man I met (I'm sorry I forgot his name) back there cooking for a few minutes and then again in the dining area just out and about talking with the few people that were there. I got my food home and as I started to unpack it I was just wowed over at all the yumminess I was seeing.  I didn't know what everything was (only some of it) but I was already impressed.  I had something in a broth like stewed collar greens sorta thing (VERY yummy), some shredded chicken in a soup with small noodles (VERY YUMMY) tuna poki (INCREDIBLY YUMMY) salmon with tomatoes (forgot the name of it, sorry) my main entree had some lau lau (which was INCREDIBLE and not the least bit dry at all)  there was also kaluah pork (again sorry for the spelling). I was very impressed with everything.  I will absolutely return and highly recommend to anyone to goto this place. It was VERY obvious that the owner put his love of Hawaiian food into his cooking.
5	Being a kauai boy growing up then relocating to oahu for a good 7 years and now in vegas, i saw this in the kama'aina magazine and was like no sh*t lol i had to try this place. So i drove cross town to eat here. Totally worth it. Home cooked food. The staff here were very friendly and the prices were fair. There is choke parking so no worries on that. Not hard to find either. If you from kauai or just hawaii in general and want some home cooked food, hit this place up you wont be dissapointed.
3	It's another Hawaiian food place, it's located by Tropicana and Hualapai on the north east corner in the plaza with the Smith's. So my favorite thing to do when I visit Hawaiian food places is to order the Loco Moco, it determines if I will go back usually. The presentation was very nice, it was clean and layered well with the rice, patty, gravy, and egg. They also topped it with some green onions (you can see it in my picture). My other two friends got Fried Chicken with Fried Rice and Chicken Katsu with rice each of which came with a side of macaroni salad. We also got Spam Musubi on the side. Onto the taste, my Loco Moco tasted dry, the patty was over cooked, there wasn't enough gravy to counter the dryness between the patty and rice. The egg came over easy, but I usually prefer sunny side, not sure if you can have them change it or not (but it doesn't hurt to ask). Overall I was disappointed with my Loco Moco. I honestly haven't found a place here in Las Vegas that could top it back in Oahu (Zippy's anyone?). I believe my two friends were happy with their food choices. The Spam Musubi came with mayo in it, which to us was weird as we don't usually see that, but it was still good. I sampled their macaroni salad and it was a little too salty and watery for me, I normally love macaroni salad so I was disappointed with this as well.The overall experience was okay, I won't be going out of my way to come here though. If I happen to be in the area and want Hawaiian, then sure, but outside of that it's nothing special.
4	I had been reading the reviews and wanted to give this place a try. I am glad we did. The staff working there are very welcoming. Make you feel right at home. I honestly do not know alot about Hawaiian food. I was eager to try. As a person allergic to pork, :( there were a few chicken and beef options.. I did make an excellent choice, I had the short ribs. They were delicious. I chose the side of mac salad and the fried noodles. I did not realize when I ordered it had pork in it. I found out I can order the noodles without pork and will do so on my next visit. My DH had the fried chicken. He loved it. The chicken had great flavor, super crispy, crunchy and fell off the bone. We also ordered the waffle fries. They were the star of the show. Perfectly seasoned, and crunchy. It was gone in seconds. The restaurant is spotless. The portions generous. The prices very reasonable.The two suggestions I have is bigger plates, for these huge and generous portions, and a steak knife. We will be back. I hope I do not jinx this place as I have to Bona, Carlos Kitchen, and Paparazzi Grill. I am running out of places to go with good food on this side of town.
4	So had too try another local style 808 because REALLY can never get enough local food in life!! It amazing thinking about close twenty years ago first moved Vegas could count with two hands local style restaurants in the Valley outside of downtown (California Hotel). Now too many too keep track of and talk about competitive market. The best part is not only competitive but spread across the Valley and blessed think now have few options in my area. Kauai Cafe is the latest one. It just recently opened so the signage out front is work in progress. Never judge book from its cover because once you get inside feeling the Aloha spirit and literally family run business (The dad/son run the kitchen; his daughter runs the front). Decor inside tell Hawaii pride from the Hawaii state flag and kealii reichel pictures. If you from Hawaii know who Kealii Reichel.The food since first time not sure what I wanted but ended up going for the Kalua Pork Poor Boy with Portuguese bean soup for my side. I ordered side of fried noodles just because wanted try more...The Portuguese bean soup was good. Talk about hearty soup. So much of the good stuff Portuguese sausage, noodles, beans, and vegetables quite literally one spoonful of broth. The fried noodles I could have just had whole plate of noodles. Just like back home with the charsu action, the noodles, and great sauce. The Kalua Pork Poor Boy talk about mean sandwich. I had my reservations because Kalua Pork is Kaiua Pork and Cabbage. I happy that went outside the box. It stole the show, The Kalua Pork was nice moist, topped with bbq sauce, and the citrus walnut slaw brought it all together. I know might thinking pulled pork sandwich but I felt like nothing like it. Sure sandwich would order again again.The staff or family truly exemplifies the aloha spirit. John the dad presence very much felt outside talking too customers. He checked up on me next thing know talking stories about they use too run same place in small town outside of Seatttle, WA. Got tired of the weather whole family moved too Vegas. His son is the chef of the kitchen, daughter takes care of the front of the house, and his daughter best friend one of the servers. Truly not only feel the aloha spirit, just the passion they have for the food, and making it authentic local food. Also like is signature dishes that will make return visit. It authentic but with their own touch. The portion sizes any other local plate nice size and nothing more bang for your buck then local food. Without doubt will be coming back because lot more local food need too try at Kauai Cafe.
5	We were greeted with island hospitality !   We had the special plate w/ Lomi Lomi salmon, chicken long rice, laulau, squid , Mac salad rice and haupia. Delicious !We live adjacent to the strip mall and will be frequenting Kauai cafe on a regular basis
2	This restaurant was very difficult to find.  I drove all around the Smith's shopping center on W Tropicana Ave/S Hualapai Ave in Las Vegas. It was located between the Subway and a Chinese restaurant.They have a Facebook page which updates their specials and their closures due to equipment malfunction or family death.  I was planning on going and they just happened to be closed those days.  They are also closed on Mondays.They had a limited menu.  I ordered the Kalbi Short Rib Plate($10.95) and the Won Ton Min ($8.95) to go.  They offer a Military discount like many of the other Hawaiian restaurants in the area which saved me a few dollars.The 3 strips of Kalbi was served on a bed of raw shredded cabbage.  There was one large scoop of rice and a partial regular scoop of macaroni salad.  The texture of the macaroni salad was a little grainy, like it was whole wheat.  It was pretty tastless compared to other Hawaiian restaurants.  The Kalbi was grilled medium and was tough and fatty.The Won Ton Min had about 5-6 won tons.  They were very bland including the broth.  The saimin texture was also a little grainy.  It was garnished with sliced fish cake, char sui, spam, carrots, cooked scrambled egg, and green onions. I was very disappointed with the food.
1	Average food. Was okay but have had much better Hawaiian food. This one is at least better than Aloha Kitchen. If I am ever in the area I would stop in and eat but I wouldn'tgo out of my way to come here.
5	Food and services are super friendly. Saimin is tasty. Malasada is yummy. Highly recommend for Hawaii local style cooking.
5	I actually wrote a pretty good review about how excited I was about Kauai Cafe but it got corrupted in MS Word. So I've decided to write another one.When I first heard of Kauai Cafe opening up it was kind of like all of my emotions were going all over the place.  You better be good if you're going to throw KAUAI in the name, you already forgot to include the okina but a lot of people do, I do all the time.  I was excited that Kauaians were finally stepping up and setting up shop in Vegas, besides having Lappert's you don't really see any other Kauai food representation here (nevermind this Lappert's isn't Kauai technically).  I am from Kauai, born and raised; I love the island, proud of everything Kauai related.  But I am also a Yelper; love Yelp (more like really really like yelp not love haha), proud of everything Yelp related (more like hey look yelp when I see yelp things).  I really enjoyed the food here and I didn't want to sound bias or anything like that so after bookmarking and visiting I kind of waited before finishing up my review and waited to see how others felt about Kauai Cafe.  I'm sure every Kauaian in Vegas has already stopped by but if they haven't they should.  Maybe they've even jokingly asked for the kama'aina discount.  Everyone should try Kauai Cafe.  Their food is so delicious that if I didn't already live conveniently near Island Flavor, I'd go here often enough to be the duke.  I'm so lucky I have options.If you come here on Fridays' or weekends they offer their LAU LAU FEAST, this is my new favorite special plate lunch, think about Island Flavor's Friday special with a lot more. It includes lau lau, kalua pig, rice, mac salad, lomi lomi salmon, chicken long rice, squid luau, ahi poke, poi, and haupia.  The mac salad was OK but everything else was good.  Order one of these bad boys and eat it all, you might was well pick a spot and go nai nai.  Luckily I always know to take my food home when I know I'm going to hit that food comma, kanack attack state after eating. Here's everything we ordered http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/kauai-cafe-las-vegas?select=cAdIEqy7JsR1CzjQIdrosA#qnZrmi1TZf_bc4ig4a0WAQ  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/kauai-cafe-las-vegas?select=cAdIEqy7JsR1CzjQIdrosA#DY8LRpnEWNpjIn0gL9e_dw 2 lau lau feast, oxtail soup, and Kauai chicken.They also serve up some bomb OXTAIL SOUP.  If you enjoy the one at Cal Hotel, you're going to LOVE this one.  Everything about it was delicious.  In my opinion the meat is a lot more tender and higher quality, just look at the picture.  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/kauai-cafe-las-vegas?select=cAdIEqy7JsR1CzjQIdrosA#wVSyL1mhSrQQlL8PcNjpag FYI this is only maybe more than half of the portions, it was to-go and I don't have a larger bowl.  And it comes with rice and mac salad.  There's a lot of meat and gelatinous around the bones, suck on the bone and give me just rice I'd make it a meal.  The KAUAI CHICKEN was the last dish on our menu.  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/kauai-cafe-las-vegas?select=cAdIEqy7JsR1CzjQIdrosA#FHnK6GFTU_6iahVQkotK0Q It's the entire leg quarter of a chicken in a Heineken beer batter deep fried until golden crispiness.  The meat was juicy and the skin was flavorful.  I liked it not blown away but it was good enough to satisfy, it was good.Kauai Cafe has probably one of the worst locations currently being on the far west edge of town in a center at Hualapai Way and Tropicana Ave.  There aren't a lot of businesses around and there's still a lot of developing going around the area so maybe they can have as much success as Island Flavor.  Don't get me wrong Island Flavor is #1 by a far margin but Kauai Cafe, for being still new, has some solid Hawaiian eats.  The interior is nice, clean, and welcoming.  There are plenty of booths and regular seatings but there weren't much people there when we were there.  Friendly staff with an open view of the kitchen.The only knock I have on them is considering that Island Flavor is #1 in my books and it's isn't that far from Kauai Cafe is the pricing.   I have both menus side by side with me and I do see that Kauai Cafe has items that are about $1 higher.  It doesn't bother me much but it could bother others.  Some I'd pay for the higher price, likebthe oxtail, but some I scratch my head about, like the Kauai Chicken.  Anyways do come here cause you wont be disappointed.  I would like to see where they're at in a few years from now.  I want to try that teri beef and char siu chicken plate next, I grew up that stuff.I guess my 5 star sounds like being bias. I'm safe to go back home.  LOL
4	Came here for dinner recently and what you'll find here is your basic Hawaiian dishes.  Kauai Cafe is located off Tropicana and Hualapai (the Westside).  Upon reviewing the menu, the one thing I noticed is their prices.  Price here isn't too bad.  Dinner for two will set you back only about $20, which is not bad in my opinion.  The selection is decent and it's pretty much what you'll find at other Hawaiian location.  However, the one issue with Hawaiian food out here is that there's a ton of them and I have my favorites already.  So let's get to the review. As for their food, I got their Loco Moco since it's one of my favorite dishes. Plus, I wanted something with a huge protein count.  In case you're not in the know, a Loco Moco consist of rice, hamburger, eggs, and gravy.  KC mixes their gravy with mushrooms, which was a good touch to be different.  Seems boring, but I have one word for this order...delicious.  This order filled me up, but I wasn't done. I always get a Spam Masubi or Katsu Masubi at least once when I hit up a new Hawaiian joint.  KC didn't have a Katsu Masubi, so a regular spam it is.  I was little disappointed with KC's spam masubi only because it was small, not as tightly wrapped, and the spam was a bit undercooked.  The restaurant is small, cozy, and the staff is extremely nice.  The owner's dad even stopped at our table to chit chat for a little bit.  Okay, a lot of bit. But he's cool and just added to our dining experience.  I want to say that Kauai Cafe is just okay, but I really haven't tried anything else.  I still have their Kalbi to try (even though I stole a bite from TR), their Katsu, their Heineken battered chicken, and Ahi Ahi (can't remember if they have that one).  From the minimal amount of reviews so far, it's their Kahlua Pork that they are known for.  It's going to be tough for me to judge that one since I don't eat much pork.  I'll still make my way back to try the other dishes I missed.  Who knows?  Maybe my rating drops to 3 or goes up to a 5 based on my next couple of visits.  But as of right now, I'm just a fan.Loco Moco:  http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=2yrhVS5ouE7MxvNx8gUIvQ&userid=y3FcL4bLy0eLlkb0SDPnBQA must have if you're eating here:  http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=Xiijz8zyiTaG76CdzGhOAg&userid=y3FcL4bLy0eLlkb0SDPnBQ
5	It's rare when the whole family agrees but everyone liked their food. The sauces they use on the meat are really tasty and the noodles and fried rice were amazing. I liked the music they were playing too upbeat and happy. Only thing that could have made it better is if they had more hawaiian decor, it's nice to feel like you left vegas and imagine you are in hawaii, but the bomb food made up for it and we will def eat there again.
4	Heard about this place through meandering the Yelp pages and decided to make the trek over to Kauai Cafe!  Buggah is close to da' mountains!  Only far!But luckily was worth it for some local Hawaii kine grinds!  Seriously ONO eats.  You like Island Style, Island Flavor, Aloha Specialties?  Kauai Cafe is right up your alley especially if you live in this remote part of town.  Westside!  Came here with the wifey for a nice dinner out.  Because it is kinda on the outskirts of town, it was relatively empty in the restaurant with mainly folks coming in for take-out orders.  But don't let this fool you, majority of Kauai Cafe's patrons come in during breakfast and the lunch rush, and from what I hear keep the place busy.  Back to the food.  It was a Friday night, and I really should have got the Aloha Friday Special...the Lau Lau Feast!  With lau lau, kalua pig, lomi lomi salmon, chicken long rice, squid luau, ahi poke, macaroni salad, 2 scoops rice, and haupia..all for $16...how could I have gone wrong?  But I wasn't THAT hungry!  Ah, next time, next time!  I settled for Linaka's Mix Grill, which is a combo plate of kalbi ribs, char siu chicken, and teriyaki pork with 2 scoops or rice and a scoop of macaroni salad.  Buggah was pretty ono!  Kalbi was marinated good with a nice hint of sweet and fat, char siu chicken really had that char siu red going on, and the teriyaki pork was juicy.  And my rice was cooked just right to absorb all of those lovely meat juices!  With some shoyu, pepper, and Tabasco on my macaroni salad I went to town.  Finished all of it.  The wifey had their much talked about Heineken Beer Batter Fried Chicken, and she wasn't sorry.  Wow!  I had a bite and almost didn't stop.  That Heineken really adds a nice punch to the batter, and helps keep the chicken nice and moist!  Good stuff.  I just wish it came with 2 hind quarters instead of just 1!Hopefully the Kauai Cafe keeps on with a good clip of people so they can stay in business.  Seeing that we live kind of far away from this restaurant, I don't think I could make the drive there on a weekly basis.  There is a lot of stuff on the menu at Kauai Cafe that I still want to try, especially their oxtail soup!  I just gotta go back eventually.Keep grindin' away Kauai Cafe...I will return!  Take me back...back to da kine...
4	Refreshing after eating at Island Flop.  I was eating at another Hawaiian Food place when one of the employees told me about them.  Hard to find at first, they are on the west side corner of Hualapai and Trop.  Avoid the poke like any other place they just use frozen tuna and mix some things in there.  Whatever not worth mentioning.Great that they provide a choice between rice, fried rice and noodles as your starch.  On weekends they have a Hawaiian plate special with everything.  Chicken Long Rice and Squid Luau could have been a little better, but still they put the effort in with Lau Lau, Kalua Pork, Lomi Salmon and Poi!Menu is small, but the food is good enough to eat there once a week.  Definite difference in quality here as opposed to other places.  Prices reasonable for good food and the service was friendly.
5	Was in the area and decided to try this place. From the outside, it looks like pretty much every other Hawaiian place in town. They had a mix plate special, which I ordered figuring that it would be like any other mix plate. I was really blown away! Their meat stands out from the other Hawaiian places in town and is delicious. I thought the mac salad was really good, but for some reason prefer Ohana and Ross Js mac salad. Service was great. This is by far the best hawaiian I've had in Las Vegas, and I can't wait to go back and try some other items.
4	Went in for the first time about an hour before they closed, small restaurant but very cute, I love hawaiian food, I love the people and was excited to try it. Starting placing my order and as I was the short thing of a man came up to me and introduced himself, he was the owner and was so excited I was there and started pointing out all the family members working there. I felt like I was in their home rather than a restaurant. While I waited (sorry cant remember his name) sat down and started talking to me and asking me if I had ever been to Kauai and since I hadnt he was giving me a bunch of places to go. I know this may not be typical situation in most restaurants but it was a memorable experience and Ill never forget it. And Yes the food was phenomenal BBQ was probably the most flavorable tender chicken I have ever had. It sounds cliche but I could taste the love and was so Ono :)
5	The Mac Salad is the best I've had in town. I recommend the Linka's Mixed Grill, the Pork, Chicken, and Beef are all great.
5	I love the burgers here. The juicy burgers really are juicy. My wife loves the surf rider. There is something here for almost everyone.
4	Great island food! I really enjoyed eating there.  The service is great, the portions are definitely island style, and the food tastes yummy.  If you're craving island food, check this place out.  It's awesome.
5	SURF RIDER AND KAUAI CHICKEN is a must try!!! Now I know what's with all the "hype"!!! This place is sooo delicious! and the best part is, the service was sooo great! :D Our server, forgot his name, entertained us and told us some pretty cool stories about the island :D which was pretty cool and was very attentive.
5	Food was really good! We tried Lau Lau plate (only available Fridays and Saturdays) , hamburger steak, and mahi mahi. One of the best local food places in Vegas! Service was good too! Coming back for sure!!!
3	I don't see it.  Order the beer battered chicken for take out.  was two pieces, thigh and drum. It was ok, I had better.  The mac salad was so-so.  All for $9+.  3 stars is being kind.
5	I'm officially taking back what I said earlier. KAUAI CAFE IS MY NEW FAVORITE  SPOT FOR HAWAIIAN FOOD. They don't have desserts or a big menu but with what they serve looks so good and taste so good that you make plans for the next visit when you're still there and still recovering from that kanack attack.What to order? Order anything and everything. The mahi mahi plate came with pieces of crispy fried battered mahi mahi. It's fried but felt light and not greasy at all. Perfect crunchiness on the outside, moist and delicious on the inside.If you come here on Friday you have to eat their lau lau feast. You dont get lau lau OR kalua pig like another Hawaiian place in the SW, you get lau lau AND kalua pig AND you get more extra items thats not old like that same other place. What else you get other than the lau lau and kalua pig? Some  haupia like a coconut gelatin. Poi, pounded up taro just add sugar if you dont like the taste, I don't usually. Squid luau, its green but just try it. Chicken long rice, lomi lomi salmon, poki, rice and mac salad. I finished eating one on my own then went back to work with a smile on my face. The Island burger looked good too and came with thick sliced potato chips made right there. Oxtail is delicious and perfect now that its colder outside, read my other review or just try it haha. Its tender and what I've been craving for the last few weeks. Could've sworn they were open today but looks like I have wait a few days.Trust me when I say order anything and everything. When you go, tell me if you notice how good it looks. I don't know how to explain it, everything looked bright like I was looking out of a HD lense. LOL I don't know I'm weird.Service is always excellent.
5	I love that this place is so close!  I traveled across town to eat at other Hawaiian restaurants and Kauai cafe is still at the top of my list! I had Da Surf Rider which had coconut shrimp, macadamia nut scallops, teriyaki beef. It came with fried rice and Mac salad. I loved the way everything was perfectly seasoned. It also had all of my favorite items on one plate! My husband had the hamburger with fries. Their waffle fries are delicious! I can't wait to go back because the food is yummy!
4	I think this is my new favorite Hawaiian spot. They do all your local favorites, but they put a slight twist. The chicken katsu had furikake  in the breading!! It added a level of complexity that I've never had from any other Hawaiian joint. Macadamia but crusted scallops... YUM!! The mahi mahi plate was big. Only problem was they don't provide enough tartar sauce. Or maybe they just give too many pieces of fish. More tartar sauce please. The island burger is massive!! Not only is it big, but that thing tastes onolicious!! The Hawaiian plate served on Friday/Saturday is gigantic. Appropriately named the feast. I went to island flavor a couple of weeks back and has their Hawaiian plate. Doesn't even come close to Kauai cafe. Lau Lau, kalua pig, haupia, chicken long rice, lomi lomi salmon, poi, squid luau. Everything you could ask for all on one plate!! Everyone is always very friendly, I really like this place.
5	EASILY the best Hawaiian food in town. My wife and I shared Da Surf Rider and the Mixed Grill and were blown away!!
2	Decided to try this place because it's closer to where I live than Aloha Kitchen. I quickly learned that AK is worth the drive. I had: the Kalua Pig & cabbage and the Kalbi ribs. The ribs were ATROCIOUS!!!  They were all fatty, full of grizzle and impossible to eat.  They were not tender at all. I gave up.  The Kalua pig & cabbage was tasteless; I'm not the type of person who puts salt on my meals, but I doused this dish with soy sauce to try to give it some flavor.  Had I been dining there (instead of ordering takeout), I would have asked for other dishes. No joke. Was not happy with the food overall, but they do have good macaroni salad.
5	ALOHA FRIDAY"And Saturday Special Or Until We Run Out" That's what's on their menu.  We're talking about Lau Lau Feast for me and to some a sampler plate of Lau Lau, Kalua Pig, Squid Luau, Chicken Long Rice, Lomi Salmon, Ahi Poke, Rice, Macaroni Salad, Poi, and Haupia. Toss in a bowl of saimin with all the fixins.  And two freshly delivered malasadas plus an extra Haupia before heading out.Want to talk story of how this ono delish kau kau broke my mouth. Listen I can tell you this was the best Hawaiian meal I have ever tasted outside of 808. Something else should be mentioned about their Aloha Spirit too.  It's a family business and everybody here is from Kauai including Don who is the father of Steve, his wife Dawn and her cousin Greg. These folks are all very genuine and sincere.From Hendertucky it's a 22 mile one way trip. But still a whole lot quicker than boarding Fight #17 to HON. It's a very casual non-artsy place that comes with lots of leg room. Also there are some of the most recognizable pictures and posters of Hawaiian folk music legends and scattered  Kona coffee bean burlap sacks hanging on the walls.Next visit will be to try their chicken katsu... the vision of that dish passing by me is burned in my medulla oblongata (back of my mind). No funky music here, just all pure Hawaiian.
2	Not as good as I thought from reading reviews.  Oxtail soup had lots of yellow fat on the meat, means meat was cooked, frozen, then thawed out.  Loco moco was ok for first few bites but after that was hard to continue.  Just something about the taste that wasn't what I am used to.   Ice tea was nothing but sugar water, couldn't taste any tea flavor.  Won't return, sorry
5	This place was yummy. Gave it a try after someone recommended it to me. Their plates are a good portion size ( I couldn't finish my chicken Katsu).malasadas are super yummy! I'm from hawaii and this was better than some local places that are on the island.
1	I've heard a lot of rave reviews for the Kauai Chicken, so I had to try it for myself. I decided to do a takeout. It was Tuesday around 11:43a and had only 3 people there, two one one table and a single diner. I waited about 5 minutes then my order was ready. I couldn't wait till I got home, thinking about the great chicken I was going to devour. I got home and opened the cover and had 1 quarter piece and 1 thigh. Took a bite of the thigh and almost spit it out. The inside never look fresh and it was really oily. By oily, there was a ton of cooking oil at the bottom of the plate. I took a bite of the quarter piece .. the drumstick to be exact and it tasted the same. The meat fell off the bone, but it didn't taste freshly cooked. It looked like they fried the chicken ahead of time and then refrigerated it until someone ordered it, then put it in the fryer again. The color of the chicken meat wasn't white, it was a greyish color. I know my chicken and that chicken wasn't cooked fresh. That's why my order was given to me in less than 5 minutes! The only thing I enjoyed was the mac salad .. not too much mayo and the mac not overcooked. The rice was perfect and just enough. Only problem was the main dish. I hope these guys not cutting corners since the restaurant should be busy around this time. I hope they shape up before it's too late cause I want to see them succeed because they the only one close to where I live. I normally take the long drive to Ross J's or Island Style. Looks like I make that trek if I want good food.
4	The only reason that this is not a 5 star review is because their dining area is a little dreary looking. I don't know that I'd want to sit and eat. Everything else, however, was really great! I was promptly greeted and given a menu. I was pretty overwhelmed by the choices, but I remembered a Yelp email I'd received that said they had awesome fried chicken. Never one to doubt Yelp, I ordered the fried chicken platter with fried noodles and macaroni salad. ($9.95). I went to run a few errands and picked up my order shortly thereafter.When I arrived at home and opened the box, I audibly exclaimed, "Holy Moly, that's a lot of food!"  It was- a HUGE quarter of chicken (thigh and leg) and another thigh, a nice serving of noodles, and a little container of macaroni salad. Biting into the chicken, I think I actually gasped. This was seriously the best chicken I've had...maybe ever! The coating was amazing. Not too thick or bread-y, and it had a delicious, sweet flavor. The chicken inside was hot and juicy. The noodles were also pretty good, lots of cabbage with them. The macaroni salad was okay, but nothing to rave about. But that chicken!!!I have plenty left, so I'll be chowing down on it today at lunch! I can't wait to try some of their other offerings in the future.
2	I don't know why and how this place is getting 5 stars. to me Island flavor is 100x better. I got the quarter leg plate and I wasn't that impressed. if you want Hawaiian food then I recommend elsewhere.
3	It was really good, but they should reevaluate their pricing.  You can get the same mixed bbq plate down the street at L & for about $4 less...
3	The Hawaiian plate was okay.  Kalua pig was good,  lau lau was a little dry,  squid luau didn't have the sweet coconut taste and the luau leaf wasn't cooked long enough. The lomi lomi salmon tasted great, Mac salad had enough mayo,  poke was good but I've had better.  I wouldn't try the Hawaiian plate again but I did try the Mahimahi sandwich and it was crispy in the outside and moist in the inside.  Quality is average.  I would eat there again. I just wouldn't go out of my way to visit.  I still have other local Hawaiian food spots that I take family and friends when visiting.
2	Food was just okay. Their Mac salad was horrible though, super bland and had a weird texture. Service wasn't too great. The workers seemed like they didn't want to be there and gave a bad vibe, even when we were trying to be as nice as possible. They didn't have any shrimp the day we went, which was a shame because I really wanted to try the coconut shrimp. But I'm sure I won't be going back to try it.
5	I stopped by today on the recommendation of a friend.      Being I have L&L right next to my office and love their offerings I figured I would give Kauai a chance.   My only regret is not finding/trying this place sooner.     L&L is good but Kauai was out of this world.  I ordered the Kauai chicken and their homemade waffle fries to go.   On the drive home my car smelled so amazing that I had to open up the bag and at least try a fry or two.   I was excited to find that they are cut thin (the way I like my fries) and crispy.   On my first bite the flavor exploded and I was immediately hooked.     I must have had about half the order by time I pulled up in front of my house.   I grabbed the food and walked inside and instead of my normal ritual of changing out of work clothes getting comfortable, I immediately opened up the chicken and took a bite.      The meat fell off the bone and just like their fries the flavors were going crazy in my mouth.        The portions were huge, which I have hard all hawaiian restaurants serve huge portions.     I am excited to have the other halves as leftovers as soon as possible.   The service was great and the food was spectacular.   It is definitely worth a trip if you are looking for great homestyle cooked hawaiian food.
5	Good Kau Kau !   My only compliant and others that I know that frequent Kauai Cafe is that they should charge more money and put some salmon in their lomi lomi salmon. We all have recipes !  Please I realize if it doesn't sell you lose money, but everybody says the samething...
5	I wish this place was closer to home!! On the other hand, I'm glad it's not, otherwise I'd be eating here all the time. I've been on this Hawaiian food craving for about 2 weeks now. I saw this place driving to my dad's place and saw all the good ratings and pictures and had to try it out. I walk in and it's pretty empty, yay not wait. I wanted to try "da surf rider" which had coconut shrimp, macadamia scallops and teriyaki beef. However, they said that they were out of scallops. No worries, my go-to dish always is the Kalbi ribs with a side of Kim chee. While I waited for my food, I was reading the menu and it had the story of how the restaurant is commemorative of the owner's mother. I support family owned spots and you know they put a lot of love into their cooking. About 10 minutes later, I was on my way home to enjoy my food. I lifted the container out of the plastic bag and it was so heavy. Mind you my Kim chee and macaroni salad were in smaller separate containers. So much freaking food. The meat was cut up into smaller pieces for easier eating, but if they were in bigger pieces, I would have had 4 large pieces of Kalbi. Places usually only give you 3. The meat had a good proportion of fat and meat. The marinade was good and not too sweet. The macaroni salad didn't have too much mayo which I like. And it was really peppery and garlicky, which is also a good thing. I wish the Kim chee was a bit spicier but I still ate it. All this food for $15 and I didn't even finish it. Now I have lunch for tomorrow.I will definitely be back when I am in the area!
5	Good size! So worthy for what you order! You have to try the rips in here!good place!
5	Literally reminded me of the islands and it was amazing . So good and I would recommend
1	Really not worth 5 star at all....I ordered the da furfer rider...the meat is super super super salty. ...I told the worker the meat is so salty...he just told me that is with soy sauce. ...I do not care what is in the meat....it just too salty to eat...I left over all the meat in dish.....I love aloha kitchen better....
5	FINALLY got to eat here for the first time today. It's a but if a journey from where we live, but with pops in town visiting.. All the more reason to take a cruise. There were 6 of us (ma, pops, the bf, daughter, baby and myself). All I can say is good food and great service!Our order: mahi mahi w/fried noodles, Kauai chicken (so ono) w/fried noodles, kalbi and garlic shrimp w/rice and saimin.Everyone left with happy opus :) Need to drive out more often just to come eat here
4	ONO GRINDS!The folks here are so nice!  ...and they like talk story too... so settle in... order some kaukau and talk story for a bit.They also do take-out and ... NOTE... there's a 20% off coupon for "carry out" on the back of the Smith's receipt.  (Smith's is the anchor store in the strip mall where KC is located.) Ok.... back to the restaurant and the food.  So, it's family owned and run. Like I said really nice folks here.  It's a pretty small place... I think there are about 7-8 tables of 4, so if you bring a huge group of friends or the whole fam damily... you might be crowded a bit if they are busy.We lucked out tonight... wasn't super busy so our group of 7 was able to sit together... They did separate tickets for us too which is a plus!I enjoyed the Kauai Chicken... now I don't normally like fried chicken but this was not your ordinary fried chicken.  The batter was super light and crispy and NOT greasy, and had a really good flavor and held the moisture to the chicken.  They give you 2 huge pieces of chicken so I took half of my meal home.  It also came with either steam rice, fried lice or fried noodles.... I opted for the noodles and it also came with a scoop of mac salad. Noodles were really good and could be their own meal all on their own.Mom had the Oxtail Soup.  She was a happy mamma.  It was a big portion too.  AND it came with 2 scoops steamed rice and a scoop of mac salad.  So, I took one of her scoops of rice home too and she took 1/2 of her soup home.  I got a taste of the broth and it was rich and flavorful.  I can see why she likes this.  It's definitely comfort food.And then there was the malasada.  They made them FRESH for us.  And they were only $1 each.  Did I mention they were FRESH as in hot out of the fryer?  Oh man... FRESH is the only way to enjoy these bad-boys.  Broke-da-mouth good.  :)We'll totally be back.  :)
5	So delicious. Real deal, authentic, homemade Hawaiian food. I absolutely love the oxtail soup. The broth is so rich and flavorful. It's served with a side of minced ginger, that when added to the soup, gives it that little bite and a pop of freshness. The meat is fall off the bone tender. Mouth watering. The barbecue chicken plate lunch is also choice. I've honestly been so addicted to those two dishes that I've yet to venture out! They do a traditional lau lau with poi and haupia and more. It's only served on Fridays so I'm gonna have to make a date for that!
5	Had the laulau plate tonight and it was amazing. Great local staff as well. Will be back.
5	Was recommended to try this place by few people and today was my first time here. All I can say is, I am coming back very soon.SERVICEWasn't sure if the guy was the owner but he was friendly and talked story while we waited for our food. Loved it!! Food came out within 10 min. FOODTried hamburger steak and it was so delicious. Gravy/sauce they put on the hamburger steak was perfect! Also came with onion rings on top which I love. Chicken katsu was amazing! Chicken katsu here is crunchy and surprisingly has a flavor by itself that you really don't need a sauce for it. Best chicken katsu I had. OVERALLIt was a journey to get to this place as it took about 30min from my house but the service and food here made it worth the drive. I also love how they had a poster of Keali'i Reichel. (They had other posters but Keali'i Reichel happens to be my favorite). Place is clean, service is fast and friendly and food is delicious. What more could you ask for?
4	After passing by Kauai Cafe on a number of occasions, i finally got a chance to try them out today. We were greeted warmly and almost everything on the menu looked great. I decided on the kalbi plate and you get mac salad and a choice of fried rice, steamed rice or fried noodles, I chose steamed rice. My dining companion opted for katsu chicken. While we waited our server came out and chatted with us for quite a while and he was so nice and personable. Our food came out soon after and our jaws dropped at the generous portions. I enjoyed every bite and I had more than half my meal packed up to take home with me. I was stuffed and so was my dinner partner. Great big portions of delicious homemade food for such a low price, I look forward tk coming back soon.
5	One look at my pictures will tell you I'm not from Hawaii. But I like the beach and I'd jump at the chance to get with a Hawaiian m--Oh. TMI.Point being, Hawaiian culture fascinates me, and even though I haven't been (yet) I find Hawaiians (and Pac Islanders) to be attractive not just in looks, but in personalities and in their cuisine!Our foodventure last week took us to Kauai Cafe, which looked fairly unassuming from the front. Another hole-in-the-wall joint, one may say. But step inside, and you'll find what makes Kauai Cafe so ono.I love chicken katsu, but it was a heavy battle between that and a platter called "Da Surf Rider" which basically is a Hawaiian fried seafood platter. I went with the less expensive of the options, the katsu, and thank goodness I did because the portions were HUGE! Emijandro's kalbi short ribs were practically falling off the plate as was my chicken. It was served with macaroni salad and the option between fried noodles, fried rice, or steamed sticky rice. I was trying to keep it healthy but since I had already spoiled that with chicken katsu, I went with the fried rice. Another great choice, as the fried rice has the usual accouterments, but also has bits of fried Spam (that ono Hawaiian treat!) mixed in. It was a fun and tasty addition to the usual fried rice one might find.I thought the chicken was a little bit on the dry side, but the katsu sauce rectified that problem. Overall, a mighty fine meal.So why the five star rating? I believe in Hawaiian slang you would say it's because of Da Kine Service.The server (who may be an owner or related to an owner?) was super nice. He chatted with us for quite a bit, telling us about Kauai, which I found fascinating as Emijandro has been, but I never have. He talked about the experience of moving from Hawaii to Las Vegas, and the fact that like every other person that moves here, he never really suffered from allergies until hitting the 702.The fifth star that sealed the deal came a week later, chatting with Emijandro in the car about the experience. Apparently behind where we sat (she could see it, I had my back to it), a homeless man was being shown island love: he was fed a warm meal, and they offered him one of their t-shirts to wear as the weather was starting to cool off and their t-shirt was heavier than the one he was wearing.That, my braddahs and sistahs, is doing business right. Return trips are already being planned, even if it is way out past where the 215 wraps around the side of Vegas.(OK, screw TMI -- any Hawaiian, Samoan, or Tongan men, I'm single and ready to mingle. We'll go to Kauai Cafe together... heh.)
4	Huge portions! Good for sharing. Really reminds me of my meals in Kauai & the big Islands. Laulau feast has a lot of selection. Some sides were too salty though. Oxtail soup is very good (comparable to the one at California casino). Huge hit with the kids!!! Will be back.
5	Here on vacation with my family and we stumbled upon this little restaurant on our hunt for food. The food is GREAT! Huge portions! You really get more bang for your buck. Also, the staff/owners are really friendly. BONUS POINTS: I read on their menu that one of the owners are also from Kaneohe, HI where I was born and raised!
5	Super 'Ono!!!! I got the chicken Katsu and my friend got the loco moco. Both were super delicious and filling! The staff are all very nice and friendly with the aloha spirit. Will recommend this place to anyone!!!
