4	I've been to Cafe Hookah and back again for various events my friends throw:  CD releases, art shows, book releases, etc.  The Cafe is a big supporter of the local art scene which gives them big ups to begin with.  Then there's the hummus.Cafe Hookah has the best hummus I've found in town.  Period.  I am a hummus freak, and they get it right here every time.  The $5 for an appetizer size (AKA the 'this is all mine, get your own' size) is money well spent.  You will reek of chickpeas and garlic for a day and you won't care because it was so good.  The falafel ain't bad either.  They have a full menu, but go for the hummus and then try everything else.  It's good, but it ain't perfect hummus good.  Then again, what is?They have a full bar that is always crowded by people trying to get away from the underagers at 18+ shows and with underagers trying to hang with the of agers.  The way they charge for shows is ridiculous (you have to go in, buy an appetizer (guess what I think you should get?), get a ticket from the waitress, then take the ticket to the door guy.   they're just trying to get around the fact that they can't legally charge for shows, but it's really a stupid system) but since I plan on getting hummus anyway, it doesn't matter.Hummus.  Hummus hummus hummus, hummus.  Hummus hummus.Got it?(Duh, as the name suggests, there are hookahs available for the smoking.  They're delightful.  Try the melon.)
4	I had a lot of fun a cafe hookah last week! We came in really close to closing time and still got wonderful service. This hookah lounge is a good place to visit because they also serve food here. The hookah costs less then at several other well known hookah lounges in Vegas. We ordered some penne because it was being made right then and it was incredible! I am not the biggest fan of pasta to begin with but I thought the food and service where wonderful. Our hookah was also great, they came and checked on it a couple times. We also got a free salad with our food. It was pretty dead middle of the week but we enjoyed ourselves! I thought it was nice how we where not rushed out even though it was close to closing time and we where the only people still there.
