1	Was grabbed off the floor and was charmed into buying $150 eye cream! But wait! They forge to mention "No Refund" the stuff stung a little when fist applied &My eye creases looked a little better but I could have Horton Botox for $150 more. Of course the stinging did not occur with the purchased product - I GOT CONNED! Learned my lesson!
1	Got grabbed off floor, too. Did not buy the $500 2-step skin treatment system. What a scam.
1	Very high pressure sales tactics going on here. I was pulled in and told how bad my under eye  bags were. The guy, Tomas put some serum and then line filler and massaged it in, on one eye. Then he kept bringing a magnifying mirror up to my face and saying "isn't the difference incredible!" It wasn't. Then he told me that he would give me half off the retail price "That is only for today". The retail for the line filler is $900. After I said no, then he said I could buy the smaller size for $269. After I said no to that he conspiratorilly says"ok ok I'll give u the big size for $220. I said I had to be somewhere to escape his clutches. Thank god I didn't buy it because afterword my eye was all red and puffy. They really should be turned into BBB.
4	Having worked in the skincare industry for many years, I was skeptical about what they were telling me.  The guy applied the eye serum and in a short 2 minutes all of the fine lines around my eyes disappeared!  Every product line I have ever tried has promised results in a few weeks, at best.  The fact that I was able to see such a difference instantly - got the product sold.  I got him to reduce the price to a fraction of what it started out at and ended up with the whole skin care system for about $400. Is that high?  Perhaps.  The products should last me 2 years though. I am very happy I got pampered and sold that day.
1	STAY AWAY!  The staff is very pleasant and polite, but very high pressure sales team.  I got some product while on vacation and had an adverse reaction to it.  After trying for days to return the product, I am still getting the runaround by both the individual store and their headquarters.  Product is not great and DEFINITELY NOT worth the money.  Save yourself the headaches and keep walking!
