4	Pretty decent Pho place in the chinatown of Montreal.  The food came real quick.  We had a number 7 and 15.   15 is their spicy beef soup and i strongly recommend it.  Spicy food on a hot day actually cools you off.  Raising your temp/sweating ends up cooling you down when it evaporates.  Unfortunately, like many of the other restaurants in the area, they only accept cash which can be a bit of a bitch when you're from the states and paying atm fee's all the etime.  Our only complaint is that although we ordered the extra large's... for some reason the Vietnamese couple who sat down next to us half way thru our meal got a good bit more in their bowls.  So, be sure to tell them that you are Vietnamese.
3	If you're famished, this Chinatown spot will do the trick on the cheap.Get their com suon nuong (#19 on the menu), a grilled pork chop and salad on rice. Tender meat, decent sauce. Good-sized portion, too - you won't leave hungry. Their rolls appetizer is okay, but overall, you're in for a comforting Vietnamese meal.Mysteriously, the staff weren't willing to combine two tables for a large group, so that group left. The place wasn't even packed! Go figure, their loss.
4	The service was quick and very friendly. The staff had good suggestions and answered any of our questions. They welcomed us warmly to the restaurant even though the kitchen was almost closed for the evening. The Pho was very good for the price and the servings quite generous. Overall a good experience.
1	Pho is average and the staff are jerks. Avoid this place like the plague and head a few doors to to Pho Bang New York. There's a reason why this place is empty and Pho Bang is full!
1	I absolutely agree with Peter K's review.Don't let the bright welcoming decor fool you into walking in here.We ordered the spring rolls which turned out to be non traditional Vietnamese spring rolls filled with cabbage and carrots. It reminded me of Westernized spring rolls that can be bought frozen at the grocery store. The pho was decent, but the broth was watered down and not as concentrated as other Vietnamese restaurants. The Vietnamese iced coffee was also served in a non traditional way-- already premixed in the back in a tall glass of ice. Not to be picky, but I do enjoy my hot drip espresso with condensed milk on the bottom of the cup, and pouring the coffee into the ice myself.When it came time to pay, they don't accept credit cards. Perhaps that should've been stated on the door or on the menu? We payed with American currency and they decided to make up their own exchange rate and over charged us by 20%, stating "We are not a bank [so we don't know what the current exchange rate is]"nIf you are going to over charge tourists, at least serve proper Vietnamese food and not "reinvented" Vietnamese food. "C'est bon!" I think NOT!
1	Since we were staying at a Hotel so close to Le Quartier Chinois which seemed to have quite a few Vietnamese restaurants I was looking forward to scoring some decent Pho before the trip was over.  When we did finally go out we realized that ALL Vietnamese restaurants in the area close at 9pm as opposed to Chinese places which stay open till 2 or 3 AM.  Why is that anyway? So we felt rushed to find a place quickly.  We chose Pho Cali thinking it looked competent and clean.  As we sat down we encountered the dreaded Surly Waiter.  Apparently someone whizzed in this guys cornflakes today and he was taking it out on us! He thrust the menus at us without a word with a thoroughly disgusted look on his face.  My husband nicely asked if he spoke English. He replied sarcastically "No, Spanish". Imagine his surprise when hubby proceeded to order our entire meal in Spanish.  Suddenly pissed off waiter boy spoke English!  The rest of the meal was a constant parry of attitude and sarcasm.  What school of serving did this guy attend?  I didn't check Yelp before going to this purveyor of fine Vietnamese cuisine so I guess I had it coming.  Our experience pretty much paralleled other Yelpers regarding paying the bill.  He added it up then when we tried to pay with American dollars padded the bill due to the exchange rate.  Would not accept our credit card either.  We payed cash and left this fine example of waitstaff one shiny Canadian dollar for the privilege of having him serve us and left.  Suddenly Nasty waiter follows us out to the street and proceeds to pull an indignant Justin Long tirade from "Waiting"!!! Oh, HELL NO!  He says "here sir you left your money on the table". In perfect English no less!  I said before he could go any further" oh no you earned every penny of that with your fine attitude" he got all "Guppy" on me opening and closing his mouth and nothing coming out.  So aside from the terrible service the Pho was decent, the limeade tangy and tasty and the rolls we had were excellent.  Not good enough to justify putting up with such nasty waitstaff. There must be much better Vietnamese places around.  I would avoid this one.  Just sayin....
4	Hailing from San Francisco, I thought the pho was good, portions large, price decent, service very quick. With tax and tip, I paid $9.03 for the menu item #1 in size large (base price $6.95). They included tax and tip in our bill. The cashier accepted our U.S. money in a 1:1 ratio. Maybe it's because we came with a tour group, and our guide knew the employees? Who knows. As for the wait staff service...I'm used to the bare minimum Chinese-type attitude. Just get me my food. I don't need to be waited on hand and foot, asked how everything is with a smile, etc. The frills could make for an interesting dining experience if done properly (such as at Market Diner in Hell's Kitchen New York), but on most days, just allow me to eat and I'll be happy enough.
4	That's riiiiight. I'm a fan !The thing is I like this place for many reasons. Most reviews in this section mention the service. While not the smiliest bunch in the world there has been quite a change recently. The restaurant renovated and the staff has changed quite a bit. The beauty of this place is not to pick and chat with the staff... it's more about enjoying a good bowl of soup ! And oh boy oh boy oh boy It's dang good!I'm a bit of fan of Pho Ga and Pho Bo soups (chicken and beef :) ) and I have been in quite a few vietnamese soup places. Most Noodle places have these cutsey dutsey presentation with menus you feel could have been designed by Apple. In the end though you end up with a nice bowl of hot water with little onions floating. You know what... I'm not a tea type person for soup persona. So what do I look for you ask ?Well it's a soup that actually tastes something. If you are familiar with how these soups are made you will notice that for one the base broth has been cooking for at least half a day to a day to have that kind of consistency. Second, most soup places have BOILED chicken. These guys  had the genius of using something called THE GRILL! That might seem a little surprising but in the end it makes quite a difference.I have brought many friends here and they always have loved it. All of them come back for more. So if your a soup boy or girl and you want a happy soup well soup away sailor and get your spoon because the next mess on your shirt will certainly not be the Captain's...Ah oy matee. Arr Arr.. Cough... hack! Well you get the picture.
4	Along St. Laurent in the heart of Chinatown Restaurant Pho Cali isn't the only Vietnamese available, but the large windows and clean modern interior make for an inviting option. There are nearly a dozen types of pho available coming in four different sizes, an appealing selection of rice dishes plus Vietnamese coffee and everything else expected of all reputable Vietnamese restaurants in Montreal. In the end, I opted for a large bowl of classic pho, the kind with thin slices of raw beef on top.A warm pot of tea arrived with the menu and even though the restaurant was busy on a sunny Sunday afternoon in March, the service was fast. First to arrive on a small plate was a healthy portion of crisp bean sprouts, several sprigs of fresh mint and a lime wedge. My noodles arrived a moment later in an oversized steaming bowl, inside laid tender slices of beef, still pink in spots, covering expertly cooked rice noodles. Unfortunately, the broth was a murky brown and a bit heavy, not award winning, but passable.I finished off the noodles and beef feeling satiated but not stuffed. I was obliged to treat myself to a Vietnamese iced coffee.  If you've never had one, they are incredibly sweet and milky and so delicious. The first sip transported me straight back to Saigon where iced coffee is a way of life. For about $15 Canadian dollars the bright atmosphere and ample good quality fresh ingredients will bring me back. Despite the experience of others, I thought the staff were doing a fine job, fast and efficient.Overall it was a good value for my money and I'll go back when I'm hungering for pho in Chinatown.
5	I really like the pho here.  It is one of the best!  The spring roll appetizer #3 is good and crispy ...just how I like it baby!  I like the #1 pho dac biet.  The broth is so amazing, clean, and fresh.  We normally only get the pho here.  The Bun Bo Hue soup is really good too.  Never had problems with the food, order, service, or bill.  The price is really good and reasonably cheap.  I don't know how you can complain with Good quality and cheapo food....im just saying.  Give it a go...A for awesome!
1	This was one of the worst restaurant that i have ever been to.  I had much better tasting pho compared to this.  The service was horrible; no manners what so ever.  Even fast food places have better costumer services. Once they find out that you're from a foreign country their service became worst.  I would never go back to this restaurant even if i get paid to.
2	Just very average pho, with crappy service during lunchtime, mainly because there are lots of people during that time.I would probably hire more waiters if I were the owner...
3	Close, but no cigar! I would have rated Pho Cali higher if it wasn't right next to a gazillion other good Vietnamese shops in Chinatown (esp Pho Bang New York, which is considered to be the best pho place in the area). The pho here is neither good or bad - just plain average, smack-dab in the middle. The service is average as well (which is, of course, is based on the standard of typical Asian restaurants). One bonus is that the staff speak both French and English (and Vietnamese as well, I presume), unlike the staff in many of the other restaurants in the area.
2	The first thing I noticed was the server. He looked like he hated his job. Then for the food, it came in 2 minutes, it was so quick! But when I started to eat it, I was disappointed. The soup wasn't really tasty and there was just a bit of meat that seemed dry and wasn't really good.Not ever returning there again!
5	This is my favorite Vietnamese restaurant in Montreal. Delicious subtle broth, great spring and fried rolls, cheap, good fast service. Highly recommended if you're in the area and want a quick, delicious meal.
4	Best pho on a cold autumn day!As a pescatarian, I've always found the seafood pho a bit tasteless in all these pho places in Chinatown, but cali pho had certainly surprised me!We shared an extra large grilled shrimp pho, and as soon as it arrived at the table, I could smell the heavenly aroma! After adding in the bean sprouts and basil, the hot soup just tasted so flavourful, and the shrimps are so crunchy and aromatic. The experience was just simply wonderful!
4	This place is packed during lunchtime. However, you won't wait very long, because service is extremely fast. Not the place for a long lunch. I had glazed pork with a spring roll and vermicelli. I thought it was very good. My friend liked the pho. They give you tea and they will give you more if you ask . Prices are very good. $10 or less for both of us. Nothing in the menu is above $15.
2	The pho was kind of overpriced in my opinion. Considering it is Montreal, I shouldn't be that surprised but I had pretty high expectations for pho. I ordered a spring roll, and it literally was just one spring roll and it cost me 3 dollars. Most expensive spring roll I've ever had, and it wasn't even that great.
4	Good pho broth and very good grilled pork with salad..im glad we ate there. For 3 people, we have extra large beef bro pho, grilled pork and rice, fresh spring roll and 1 crushed ice bean dessert; came up to $29.25 tax and tip included. A must in the area if u want to stay away from tourist trap port Montreal area.
5	Really like this place! The pho was very nice, I had the small size of number 11. This was the right size for me, the price was reasonable and it was delicious! Definitely coming back here!
3	The pho seemed fresh and was well made with a light but flavourful soup. The meat was delicious, soft, the noodles were soft, the tendons were soft and not at all rubbery.The reason why it is not getting higher marks is for 2 reasons:1. Portion size for the price. I hate to compare this place to Toronto, but for what I paid (around $7) I should have gotten twice the meat and twice the noodles.2. The broth could have had more spices and have been more flavourful.Otherwise, the service was nice and the food came out very fast.
3	The pork chop we ordered as a side dish was excellent. The shrimp spring rolls were fine, although I have had better. The house special pho came in a generous huge portion (we ordered extra large), but this is as far as I will compliment this dish. The pho broth was not as fresh as expected; it had the feel of coming from a soup base or cube, but not authentically brewed.
1	The soup is taste nothing!and I don't understand why the boss of this restaurant think his soup is best in montreal...in Chinatown,the best soup is pho bac for me,but restaurant pho bac is not really clean.. Pho Cali,it's only a place for the tourist...not for local people...
