1	Yes this store has good prices on mattresses, but I believe they played the switch game on us. And if they made and honest mistake, they sure were horribly rude when we called to ask about it. We purchased a queen sized bed but the one that was delivered felt like a brick and was definately NOT the one we tested when at the store. We knew that a bed is kind of like shoes and needs some time to be broken in so we gave it a couple weeks to see if it would get a little softer; even bounced on it a bunch of times but nothing helped. So when my boyfriend called to ask some questions they guy told him, basically "you got what you ordered" and literally hung up on him!  This is not a place I would recommend to anyone!
5	Wow, what a great experience - I had gone out of my way to research mattress stores in Phoenix, but all the ones I found were either out of business, unbelievably overpriced, out in BFE (East Mesa?!? No thanks.), or selling nasty used mattresses from defunct hotels (google was no help on this, apparently 'mattresses' is a heavily-spammed search term in the Phoenix market).  After yet another disappointing round of visiting stores on lunch hour, I was heading home mattress-less and dreading another night of sleeping on my old and busted bed when I happened to drive past this store and figured it wouldn't hurt to make just one more stop.  I'm definitely glad I did.  I walked in, told the guy what I wanted (California King - I'm too tall for any other kind), and he actually had one in stock!I took a few minutes to try out the floor model/check out comfort, and was sufficiently impressed to break out the wallet.  I asked about delivery and was happy to find that they could bring it to the house same-day, even though it was around 2PM when I stopped in.What this store WAS:- Straighforward - I didn't detect a single hint of BS throughout the entire process, despite being on high alert after scam attempts by other vendors.- Quick - I knew what I wanted, told the guy, and that was it.  No debate, no upsell/cross-sell, pricing conditions, nothing.  - Professional - They promised delivery between 4PM and 6PM today, the mattress arrived at 5:05.  The delivery man was clean and courteous, and helped me unwrap and place the mattress in its new home.  Even with an $18 delivery fee, it was well worth it to me to have someone help haul it in and set it up.- Fairly-priced - I have to admit that this wasn't the lowest price I had seen for Cali Kings, but I feel that the price was quite fair for the mattress I got.  Also, as mentioned above, most of the ones at bargain-basement stores appeared to be pre-used by hotel guests while still being priced at 60% of what this brand-new mattress cost me.- Quick - I only wish I had stopped here first instead of spending upwards of 30 hours researching and visiting other stores over the past few months.  I was in and out of the store in 15 minutes.What this store was NOT:- Pushy, deceitful, etc - I have zero tolerance for things like upsells or scams like "well, the advertised price is $X, but you have to also buy box springs at 3x market price, otherwise the mattress costs $2X", and I'm pleased to report that none of these games were played - my BS detector didn't go off even once.- Glitzy (i.e. like a Sealy showroom, where you know the mattresses are over $1k mainly because of the interior decorating expense).  Don't get me wrong, it's not gross or scummy, but if you're looking for shiny chrome fixtures, tastefully-arranged faux bedrooms, and swarms of smarmy salesdrones, this isn't the place.- Overpriced (see above re:  glitzy showrooms) - I think I got a good deal on my mattress.- Easy to park in  - the lot is *tiny* but still navigable - even in my honkin' F150 I had a couple inches of room to spare on either side...- Easy to find - it's tucked away in a tiny strip mall just West of 24th st. on the South side of Indian School  If you're not looking for the sign, it'll sneak up on you (my apologies to the guy behind me for the sudden brake-slam/hard right into the parking lot - my bad...)In short, this was a singularly painless experience, in stark contrast to my experiences with other vendors during my research phase.  I feel as if I was treated fairly, got better service than I expected, and I look forward to sleeping in comfort once again!
4	As a follow up to my earlier review, I'd like to say a big thank you to Dave of Mattress Man! He is currently doing everything he can to resolve the issue that I had with my mattress and make sure that I have a pleasant experience! He listened to my complaint and seems genuinely committed to taking care of the problem. Now THAT'S what customer service is about!!!!
5	Great experience, came in looking for a king bed but had no clue where to start.  John was friendly, honest and low pressure.  Came out with a great bed at a fantastic price.  Scheduled delivery by 7 and it arrived by 545.  Highly recommend this place for your mattress needs.
5	I was long overdue for a new mattress and two Sundays ago, decided to FINALLY do something about it. I'd done a significant amount of research on different types of mattress, because all I knew was that I did NOT want another Temperpedic. What's tough about "researching" online is that everyone has an opinion. You don't know important factors such as the persons height, weight, activity level, sleep style, health issues, etc. What works for one can be the death of another. And vice versa. So I needed to get into some stores and begin the testing process. I figured it would take awhile...because really, how can you know if something you lay on for 15-20 minutes is going to be good once you're actually sleeping on it for good?! Ugh. This was the dreaded part.My aunt told me about some outlets that had mattress blowouts of up to 75% off. Stopped into one and pretty much walked out. Floor models or damaged off the truck..."sterilized" and bagged for sale. No thanks.My boyfriend suggested the Mattress Man. He bought a bed from them years back and would have again, but he bought a Sleep Number last year. He warned me that it wasn't a fancy showroom but that they had a really good selection, really good prices, and probably most importantly...the salespeople weren't sharks. Cool, lets go.We walked in and John greeted us. My boyfriend started to shoot the sh*t and I immediately interjected and unleashed upon John exactly what I was looking for...my sleep style, my issues with my old bed, physical issues I had due to my old bed, how I wanted and knew I COULD wake up feeling in the morning...I mean, even I realized how high maintenance I sounded.Like a pro (and a good man), he listened the whole time and as soon as I was breathing instead of talking, he said, lay on this one. Fifteen minutes.I obliged. Wow. It was exactly what I'd described wanting. Just a tad too much, though (I wanted firm). I told him this is great, but I need just a little cush...Try this one, he said. OH. MY. GOD.This was my bed. I began to grill him on specs and he told me everything...in a way that was honest and matter of fact. Not like he was trying to SELL me, if that makes sense. At the same time, I pulled out my phone & explained that I wasn't trying to be rude, I was just looking up this brand and the reviews. He didn't mind, and I'll tell ya what...he was no bullsh*t and neither was this bed.Sold. He gave me an excellent price for the mattress, box spring, frame, delivery, AND removal of my old piece of garbage Temperpedic. But warned...no returns. Once you buy it, it's yours (I like that, I know my bed is brand spankin new). He also reminded me that a new bed can take a few weeks to get used to...realigning your body, muscles not being tensed anymore, lower back no longer sinking, etc.It was coming straight from the manufacturer so he said it would be delivered Friday...Monday at the latest. Friday morning came and I was so excited I couldn't wait. I called and he said, yes it was coming in, and yes, it would be delivered between 4-8pm. Woohoooo!!!!At 5:05 pm, the delivery guy calls and 2 1/2 minutes later, two guys knock on the door. They were both super nice, and super fast. And at last, I have an amazing new bed. If you're in the market for a new bed, go to the Mattress Man. Hopefully John helps you, because he is an absolute pleasure to work with...he is friendly, knowledgeable, and straight to the point...he LISTENS and seems genuinely interested in helping you make the best decision. What more can you ask for to make a process like MATTRESS SHOPPING any easier!?
5	Good: Great customer service. Dave? Dan? (I'm terrible with names) did an excellent job at listening to my needs. Didn't rush me at all. He listened to my price point and sleeping needs and did an EXCELLENT  job at making me a deal. I've shopped around at about 3 other places and I was on the edge of my seat regarding buying a bed at this place, with the deal he cut me. I turned it down because I had to stick to my guns of wanting to shop at other places, but MAN! Fantastic attempt to getting my business. Bad: The location isn't the greatest. Luckily, there's lot's of glass windows in front of the store so you can keep an eye out for your car. Place could use a little work, but hey, so can I with all the holiday food I've been eating. Conclusion: Location is set in an old phoenix area, so the very low overhead keeps the prices down. At the end of the day, the cost advantage far outweighs the store presentation. Give this place a shot, your wallet and back will both thank you at the same time.
5	Love this place second mattress bought from here. They have mattresses for every price range and style
5	Walked right in and was greeted by John. He was helpful without being pushy. Told him what we were looking for. We tried 3 beds and within 10 minutes are sale was complete. Easy peasy. Even sold us the bed frame we needed since we went from a Cal King to a king. Premium bed with bed frame for around $700! Couldn't beat that. My new mattress man! (Pun intended)
5	I had wonderful customer service last week helping my college student son shopping for a twin size mattress without box spring in his move from the dorm to a shared rental house.  We were greeted promptly on entering the store.  The salesperson took the time to listen to what my son's needs were and introduced him to 4 different models in 4 different price ranges.  No pressure to sell.  No business too small.  He tested each one and picked a mid range model.  It was delivered the same day on time and with the 10% Yelp discount.  Very pleased with the visit and would recommend this business to anyone.
5	I highly recommend the Mattress Man of Arizona!!!  Dan is wonderful!!! I also did alot of research on line... Everyone I called just didn't care like Dan..and also...his prices were WAY lower! and Great quality!!!  He and his staff...(can't remember the other fellows' name) were exceptionally nice!! and Dan had the best personality!!!You won't be disappointed...He will help you to find the perfect mattress in your budget!!
1	A bunch of liars work here. The will tell you one thing then do another. I was told I wouldnt be charged sales tax, that my price was out the door and then they refused to honor their word.
4	Just purchased my second mattress here. Shopped at Mattress Firm and Sleep America and the "car salesman" there made me feel like I needed to shower after I left. lol Cheesy. Staff here are friendly, knowledgeable and have competitive pricing.  Oh...my Spring Air pillow top hybrid is like floating on air!  Delivery was going to take a couple of days so they gave me a new loaner, until delivery! Dan is cool!
5	I needed a mattress tomorrow, and leave it up to me to wait for the last minute. I went to Mattress Man of Arizona due to all the great reviews. They are all spot on. Walked in and Dan & Jose were very helpful, they asked my price range and didn't try to push me into something I couldn't afford. This is the first store I went to today and bought a mattress and box spring. They gave me a great deal on everything plus shipping. Very pleased with this store. Thank you Dan for your help.
