5	The pizza is great. My favorite is the thin crust.
5	Alright, first things first...Their thin crust pizza is the best pizza I have EVER had in AZ.  On the downside and this almost cost them a star, it is always more $$$ then we want to spend on pick-up/delivery pizza.  We off set this however by getting the large with the small cheese for free and then make 3-5 meals out of it.  Hopefully they will begin to offer good deals on their Facebook page to help out their faithful supporters.  I have never had a burger/sandwich or fries, as pizza is the only way to go for us but I'm sure they are good.  My only question is why haven't they expanded their space to offer a dine-in option?  That would be a successful venture for sure as we always look fwd to our next ROSATI'S night.
5	Pizza is spendy but we make use of Tuesday nights at 50% off. Every tuesday is pizza night. Rosati's is delicious and worth the extra $$ for what you get.
2	We've tried it three times - twice on our own dime, and once when a neighbor treated.Sorry, we just didn't like the amount of grease.  Taste was OK, but none of the three of us in the family could get past 1 piece due to the grease.We prefer Euro Pizza or Sapori D'Italia for pizza in Fountain Hills.
3	I'm updating my previous review and giving Rosatis a 1 thumbs up - with a Caveat for Consistency. I live in FH so over the years I've eaten here quite a bit and I've seen the ups & down of this place.  I'd eat here far more if they offered more "deals" beyond the 1/2 Price Tuesday. This is a pricey pizza and and while it can be good - it's just not consistent. I'm from Chicago so I'll tell you that when it's "on" it's somewhat close to a Chicao-Style THIN crust pizza. That also means that it's not cut like the traditional "8-Big Round Slices!"  (It's a Chicago thing! ) Anyway, it's usually very fresh. I dig the crust, though again, sometimes it's overdone.  Caveat is $$$ and damn CONSISTENCY.  I read the other reviews here and I'm not surprised. Which is too bad because WHEN this place gets it right (and they do get it right more than they get it wrong), Rosatis is far better and fresher and more "real" than a Pizza Hut or Papa Johns or Little Ceasars :-o . No comparison. It's just when they do get it wrong...... So.. I guess at this point I'll leave it at: what are you in the mood for and are you a gambling person? :-)
1	If there was a zero, it'd be them! I am NOT reviewing the pizza since we never got to try it.... we did however try thier customer service and it was the worst I have ever seen!Please note, this review is being written by a retail manager with over 20 years of customer service....I called in a pizza, asked for 2 pizzas and was told it would be 25 minutes. Upon returning home, we found 2 pizzas, completely wrong with wrong toppings, and it was cut like a checkerboard. All we wanted was one plain pizza and one with mushrooms, total $46 (maybe if was gold plated that would be fair, but $23 a pizza????) We didn't get that... Here is the issue. Upon calling them to ask for what we ordered, we were met with resistance. I prefer the "kill 'em with kindness and keep the customer approach". The woman on the phone was sweet, and was relaying messages to me from the Manager. I told them in my 20+ years experience that it is better to take the loss ($5-8 in ingredients at most for 2 pizzas) and keep the customer. We were told that they can give us 1/2 off of one pizza for the order they just messed up. We said "forget it" and left with a credit. Now I have a $46 credit to a pizza place that I have no interest in going back to. You have now lost a NEW customer, the hardest kind of customer to obtain. Also, with all of the pizza joints in Fountain Hills, why would I or any of my friends/family ever return after being treated rudely and unfairly. Called in an order to Ray's in Scottsdale, told them what happened at Rosati's, and they said come on over, we will make your night better.  Bottom line, shitty customer service, not sure about the food, and we'll see how long Rosati's can last with that kind of service.
1	Rosati's has a habit of burning their pizza. Their new management is a copy of the last management. Can you EVER get your order right????? I agree with the previous reviews. They would have a good business if they would try harder. One good thing is their Spicy Italian beef. Forget the pizza for now. They just don't have it together.
3	Good pizza and the fact that they have Gluten free crust now is awesome. Never had any issues with them.
4	We just moved and thus Rosati's is close to our new home.Yummy Chicago style thin crust!We like to go pick up our pizza. The facility was clean nd the people super nice. Have been there 2 times already. We'll be back.
1	I've been ordering from Rosati's for decades. I found them in Chicago and was overjoyed to find them again in Fountain Hills, AZ. However, the FH store has messed up my order on multiple occasions. They did so again last night when they failed to put cheese on my half of the pizza and then burnt it. When I called to let them know I was told there was a note on my account that I "complained too much" and they would no longer serve me. So apparently the business model isn't to get the orders right but to cut off service to the customer if they rightly complain that the pizza is not done correctly.  They also claimed my husband was "threatening" when he returned another incorrectly done pizza and he said he was going to inform corporate of the terrible service. Do not walk, run away from this terribly run franchise and get your pizza from a completely different Rosati's location.
1	We placed an order for pick up.  We got home only to discover the pizza was made wrong.  Because the pizzas are over priced I felt we should get what we paid for.  I was REALLY disappointed in the customer service.  I knew our family dinner plans were going to be delayed another hour because it takes so long for the pizzas to be ready.  When I called they told me that I had to bring back the bad pizza BEFORE they would begin making it the way we ordered it.  So they messed up our order and I am inconvenienced by having the whole family waiting an hour to eat, I had to drive back down to the store and THEN I had to wait all over.  Not exactly the best way to treat customers.
3	Pizza is either great or just bad with to much grease and not cooked completely.   Customer Service is ok.  I have been eating here for the last 4 years and it's really a hit or miss on the order.
5	Rosati's Pizza is the best in the Phoenix area.   I'm from Chicago and this is definitely great Chicago pizza!  Been here over 20 times and every time the pizza is superb!
