5	Need your 09 or older ride checked for smog emission? Live in northern East Valley? This is your place, folks!Guys (sorry, not being sexist - didn't see any female EEs) that work here are friendly and quick-moving. This I love as I don't wish to spend too much time here or at MVD, post office, dentist, u get the picture, right?!Great jobby-job!
4	Emissions testing, nobody likes it, but a lot of people have to do it. After searching online for emission testing centers, I realized two things: (a) this is the only location near me; and (b) I like how they have estimated waiting times and a camera for live view. Since I didn't feel like driving out of the way I came to this location and was not happy when I first saw all four lines, I thought I was going to be here forever! Luckily I chose to wait in one of the two far right lanes which allows for only ODB (on-board diagnostic) readable vehicles. Little did I know theses lanes were the ones to be in because the test goes 1000x faster. There are yellow signs above each corridor informing you that ODB cars can use any lane, but those without that capability must be in the first or second lane. Unfortunately from where you first join the line of cars, you can't read those yellow signs and by the time you can, no one will let you "cut" in front of them cause everyone wants to get out!  Anyway, by luck I was in the better lane and moved up to the front of the line rather quickly. Sadly, Bacon (my car) failed the first time because of his gas cap and I was terrified of having to come back at a later date and retest.  Luckily, the very friendly mechanic told me that the facility had gas caps and he would give it to me and retest me right then and there. I was ecstatic, but also scared because I thought the mark-up would be crazy high due to the situation, but nope, it was free! Woot Woot!I was able to get out in about 20 minutes from first wait to finish, impressive!
5	This was the first time I've needed to get my car tested in Arizona; quite a different experience from back East. Drive up to the gate on the north side, take a number ticket, and drive through the gate to make a 180 degree turn. Hang on to that ticket because the inspector will ask you for it. Get in the appropriate lane for your vehicle (read the signs). Stay in your car until you drive it in the bay. You'll need to turn off the A/C and open your gas cap door. They'll let you either stay in the car while they inspect it, or you can wait in this convenient little safety booth next to your car. It took about 5-7 minutes, and $20 later I was on my way. A helpful sign tells you which lane to get in, depending on what type of vehicle you have. Another sign conveniently estimates the wait time, and it was pretty accurate. Supposedly your inspection information is uploaded to the AZMVD within a few minutes.
1	Wait wait wait.Car emissions is a scam just to collect additional money for the state.What ever you do do not go to the full service lane go thru the express lanes.
