3	It's hard to go wrong with chips, and, in my opinion, one chip tastes much like another.  Yet people tend to form irrational attachments to certain chippies, and will swear them superior to all others.  Last time I was in Marchmont Takeaway, for example, the girl in front of me in the queue was telling the proprietor that he sold the best chips in the world and she would never buy hers anywhere else.  When I eventually tasted my chips, however, there was nothing exceptional about them at all.Therefore I can only conclude that chip shop loyalty is a matter of sentimentality rather than taste, and in that case I can see why Marchmont Takeaway might come across as endearing.  For one thing, it's very very small, and for another, it's run by an old Italian man with an amazingly wizened face who can be seen at all hours of the day peering hopefully through the window for customers, and who calls everyone "darling" in a slightly menacing tone of voice.  For some people, I can see, such eccentricity is very intriguing.At the end of the day, though, a chip is just a chip, and the ones that Marchmont Takeaway sells are no better or worse than anywhere else.
2	Considering Edinburgh is by the sea and is supposed to have great fish it seems to be bereft of a decent chippy. Every one I've been to has been a disappointment, and Marchmont Take Away is no different. I mean the chips are Ok. To be fair though, when a chippy can't do chips you've really got to start asking some question. It's just the fish. It's never ever good. The batter is soggy, too thick and the fish is always tasteless. The other stuff they do is no great shakes either (sorry Scotland, I've never understood deep fried pizza).For chips it's Ok, for anything else I wouldn't bother. Come on Edinburgh, you can do better than this can't you?
3	This takeway is quite small, and though it markets itself (if it bothers at all to be honest) as a fish and chips place, I noticed an extensive pizza menu on its walls.It's highly improbable that you will have the best pizza of your life at one of these places, but the prices are so good and the customers sometimes so inebriated, it all equals out in the end. As a side note, I will agree with some of the other reveiwers about the lack of fantastic fish and chips in Edinburgh... you'd expect some of these less glamorous places to serve decent fish, but the best I've had was at the Doctors pub just off Bristo Square.Back to this marchmont takeaway, it's worth a shot, for a decent meal and some banter with the owner.
4	This place hasn't had a review in a few years so I thought I'd update it a bit! A nice  fish and chip shop, with the emphasis on the fish being freshly fried. Whilst this means the food is tastier and less stodgy than the usual fish supper, it also results in not a lot of space in the small premises whilst the meals are cooked.The fare on offer is pretty standard - fish, sausages, pizza, burgers and chips. We had a choice of fish - haddock or rock cod. I opted for the 'special' (breadcrumbed) haddock supper, which was really good. The chips are also recommended.Staff are friendly and efficient. All things considered, this is probably the best takeaway option in Marchmont.
