4	Like everyone else, I had to find a doctor that is in my PPO network...but of course, the hardest part is to find a good doctor who is competent and caring.I have been going to Dr. Rita Chuang for 3 years now, and she is competent, caring, personable and put me at ease the moment I met her.  The office is very clean and presentable.  There are chairs to accommodate all the patience.  Magazines are available for one's entertainment. My last visit, which was yesterday, I was soooooo glad to learn that I can just walk 2 buildings down the plaza to get bloodwork done!  I was jumping for joy!  Prior years, I would need to go to Quest to get my bloodwork done and if you didn't schedule ahead to get it done, you will be sitting there for a loooooong time and it SUX!!!!
5	I love this doctor.  She's the perfect combination of competence and caring.  And she always makes time to see me, even squeezing me in for emergency visits.  She's the best!
2	I moved here and saw pretty good reviews so i decided to go here. Sad to say but it takes a week to make an appointment just to see the dr. and yes they accept walk ins be fail to mention that they are rude and treat you like a waste of space. Their rule is that they can accept walk ins but they can only treat one symptom. I couldn't make an appointment because it took a week. When the dr saw me she was extremely rude to me and said "you are lucky i am even seeing you right now, my patient had to go to the bathroom so i am in here" I ended up having to go to the ER after my walk in experience because they didn't treat me. Now i am switching doctors.
5	I normally avoid going to the doctor like the plague because of past experiences but Dr. Chuang is amazing. She made me feel very comfortable and was very easy to talk to. I am so happy that I changed medical plans and found her in our network. I will recommend her to other people.
1	Busy office that treats you like cattle and then leaves you sitting in the room after they are done....none even told me they were done with me until they realized they needed the room!I was in a lot of pain and all they did was take a lot of notes, some blood samples and then gave me some cards as referrals and then just left waiting in the examining room! I called back after the long wknd holiday and some dude named Omar answered the phone with a hello...then I asked for he office mgr and got Joan who I find out is a family memeber who also is not very professional. I was told by her twice to find another doctor if I was unhappy!!! I was not unhappy  with the doctor but the office staff,...wow I WILL find another office that knows how to treat patients. FYI my father was a GP in NJ and knew how to treat patients!
5	Saw Dr. Rita Chuang after a particularly bad sunburn and she healed me right up. She took the time to answer all my questions and gave me advice on how to prevent scarring.She had great bedside manners and was the nicest doctor I've ever had the pleasure of seeing. There's always a bit of a wait for the doctor, but nothing out of the ordinary and worth it because Dr. Chuang is super knowledgeable and caring. Staff was friendly just like the doctor.  Waiting room was comfortable.  Glad to find a doctor in the area that I can trust from now on.
5	Dr. Rita Chuang was a fantastic doctor, efficient, knowledgeable, friendly, and easy to talk with. I had an annual physical with her. She really values the time of her patients and also their care by answering everything relevant, explaining things, and talking with you about your questions and concerns. I also really appreciated how efficiently her office operated. They were ready to see me when I arrived on time and processed all my paperwork and took my readings quickly. There was no long wait after my appointment and it was really easy to schedule my appointment. I'm glad I chose her to be my doctor here in the Las Vegas Valley!
1	One day, out of the blue, Dr. Chuang decided that she doesn't like my PPO provider, and therefore, would not allow my husband and me to be her patients any longer, even if we were willing to pay her upfront and deal with our insurance ourselves.  My company pays higher premiums to have employees in a PPO because you're not limited to staying in network, but Dr. Chuang doesn't care.  So, my husband and I were denied service, even though we have valid insurance, have ALWAYS paid our co-pays at the time of service and offered to pay the full amount for the visit up front..If you can't trust your doctor to be there when you need her, you need another doctor.  I wouldn't knowingly get started with a doctor I can't trust to be there when I need her.
5	I have been going to Dr Chuang for almost 2 years. She is very detailed and explains everything and refers me to great specialist. She is above and beyond the best primary healthcare doctor I have ever been to. Highly recommended.
