5	We were on a trip and had to do an ad hoc visit.  Dr. Zhu is really friendly and staff is also nice.  The doctor explains everything well and we are really satisfied.  I would say this is the best dental experience we had.  I wish he could be closer to where I live.
4	Average location, friendly people, they get the job done. I give it 4 because they do what is advertised, and the dentist is a cool guy, but nothing WOW.
5	Smile Solutions is AMAZING. After having been to another dentist in town that was just terrible, the staff at Smile Solutions was a breath of fresh air. The Drs are great, they talk you through the procedures and ensure you are comfortable every step of the way. They also make sure you understand what issues you have with your teeth and give you ALL of your options instead of pressuring you into decisions like other dentists in town. The dental assistants are competent and caring. Ethel was great both times I had her. Very thorough but gentle at the same time. She even gave me a pillow for under my neck and glasses so no water from the cleaning got into my eyes! Charo the office manager is so helpful with your insurance and very very welcoming. She even remembered me from my last visit! My last dentist could give two Sh!ts about you and your problems - they just wanted the insurance to pay out. You can tell the folks at Smile Solutions genuinely care for you and the health of your teeth. I HIGHLY recommend them. They take most insurances so you have no excuse not to switch!!
5	This was one of the nicest, cleanest dentist offices in town! I have been to a bunch of different dentist, as I have lived in Las Vegas for about 30 years. This location seems to me to be very honest, caring and they take the time to explain everything to you. They worked with my insurance and gave me several options for payment. I went to them because my wife found them, but I will go there again and will recommend them to anyone seeking a dentist. Lastly, I don't think I have ever been to a dentist where I felt little to no pain! They really worked hard to make me feel comfortable and to me, that means a lot! I really appreciate their hard work while taking care of me!
