4	We tried Genaro's today for lunch.  It was fantastic, I told my husband I wanted to get the CLT Yelpers here for a visit.  We ordered a pulled chicken sandwich, loaded with lettuce, tomato, onion and avocado.  Our biggest decision was pork or chicken.  What a dilemma! The staff was also very pleasant and accomodating.   The menu has dinners and sandwiches,  there isn't a website to check out the menu, some that caught my eye....delicious pork marinated with spices, grilled with a chimichurri sauce, Lomo Saltado, traditional Peruvian dish, season beef with onions, tomatoes and cilantro.  They offer, plenty of steak, seafood & chicken options.  You can order a whole chicken.  A couple of vegetarian dishes too!!  Grilled veggie salad and sandwiches..I went crazy and ordered cilantro rice and spicy beans and a side salad. They served us enough beans and rice for a table of six.  Can we go and order all the sides??????
4	Great rotisserie chicken! We originally discovered their location out on Indian Trail when I was playing in a hockey tournament out that way and loved it, then were thrilled when we found that there was a location much closer to home. There are many other things on the menu, but the chicken is definitely the highlight here. It can be ordered as a half, quarter chicken, etc or they also offer a wonderful rotisserie chicken sandwich.The one and only reason I knocked off a star is that their rice isn't as good as you would typically expect from a South American style restaurant. The rice they serve (both plain and with cilantro) is more your American-style, Uncle Ben's sort of rice- which disappointed me.But other than that, all of their other sides are wonderful and a good accompaniment with your chicken/steak.
4	Status Update.... I wrote that the Lomo Saltado, traditional Peruvian dish, season beef with onions, tomatoes and cilantro, caught my eye on the menu on my last visit and we tried it tonight.  May I say if it were a super hero her name would be Super YUM!  Are you ready for this? It was brothy with french fries tossed in it!  When it was put down in front of me, I was thinking I don't know about these soggy fries.  The soggy fries, onion and tomato made the dish!  This restaurant is so delicious and very inexpensive.  We ordered two meals, a sandwich, two sides, 2 desserts and everyone had an adult beverage and our tab was $60!Speaking of dessert, I ordered the tres leche, it was kind of crazy because it had marshmallow fluff for the topping, but it was still good.
4	New favorite dish here- the Bandeja Genaro! It serves two and is a selection of all the meats they offer (half a chicken, big pieces of grilled steak and pork, 2 different types of sausage) plus two side dishes. At a little over 20 bucks it's a great deal, and we had tons of leftovers. Be sure to try the fried plantains, too!
4	I have eaten at, and reviewed the Genaro's in Indian Trail more than once.  Thanks to a heavily discounted gift certificate (http://www.restaurant.com/microsite.asp?rid=353089&mcn=00056141), I stopped in here for the fist time.Is fabulouso actually a word?  It does describe the lunch we had today.The Bandeja Genaro is a sampler plate meant to serve two, for $22.95.  It contains more food than two people should be allowed to eat. (we did not finish it all)  On the plate was a 1/2 rotisserie chicken, beef, pork, and two different types of sausages.  You choose two additional sides.Fabu-freakin-louso does pretty well sums it up!
5	I lived in Bolivia and Peru for over 2 years and have visited several times as well.  This is place is pretty great.  For authentic and unique dishes from the Andes try the Papas a la Huancaina and the Salchipapas (hot dogs and french fries).  I had the Lomo Saltado as well and it was great and the flavors were dead on.  My wife and I will be going back soon.  Also always nice to wash it down with an Inca Cola or Chicha Morada.
1	I couldn't wait to try this place yesterday, I was just craving something different.  Darn, I wanted to like it so much but....................... I got one of their steak dishes which came with chimichurri sauce , white rice, spicey beans, french fries, plaintains and two fried eggs. I told them to skip the eggs and I was to get extra beans.  Well I dont think I barely got one helping of beans and spicey they were not.  The steak was over cooked, and couldn't taste any chimichurri.  The plaintains were the only thing good, they were sweet, soft and fried just right.
5	Love this place!!! It really is my favorite restaurant in Charlotte. They use charcoal for their grill and you can taste it. Steak with chimichurri is always perfect. Fried yucca, cilantro rice, pork sandwich, and the best tres leches I have had.The deserts are all incredible. If you do not like it you are a mutant. If you would like diabeetus try the Inca Cola.
4	We visited this location for the first time tonight, largely because of the write up in the Charlotte Observer today.  (We have been to the one in Stallings often.)  We also had a restaurant.com coupon:  I paid $2 for the coupon for $25 off of a $45 food purchase.  When we arrived (6:30 on a Friday night), there were plenty of tables to choose from, but the air temperature outside was 99 and I think about the same inside!  They had fans blowing, but the tables by the long windowed side were very warm, so we moved to the bar, which was a tad better, but still HOT.  The waitress had beads of sweat on her little forehead all the time, and the cooks had to be dying.  So - hope they get that a/c fixed quick, because we saw several parties either enter & turn around to leave immediately, or leave after just  a few minutes at table.   But - if the air temp. had been better, this would have been a thoroughly positive dining experience, since the food was rotisserie-perfect as always.  As usual, we ordered the big sampler for 2 (5 kinds of meat, which would easily feed 3 or even 4 with a few extra sides, for $23).  Our table also had the pork entree, and one had the grilled seafood, which was lots of good, varied kinds of fish and shellfish, though maybe needs some more sauce.  That eater was a 20-something big eater, and said it was plenty for sure.  All told, we paid $50 tax & gratuity inc.,  for 3 beers and 3 huge meals (one of them meant for 2 people), and probably took home as much meat as we ate there.  ($75 without the restaurant.com coupon).     Bottom line, if you have big meat-eaters to feed, GO, and order a variety of sides to share around.  Fried plantains are fresh & good, order of fries is huge, beans are great, everything else just plain plentiful.  Real wood chips poured into the rotisserie/smoker while we watched, so they're doing it right.  Not a place for a romantic date at all, but great for friends & family & food food food.
4	I found Genaro's and I am certainly a fan. I ordered a half chicken, plantains and black beans. Everything was cooked perfectly and tasted great. They include two different sauces - both spicy and both very flavorful. One is green and one is yellow. The atmosphere is more what I consider a "lunch spot" and I plan to visit for lunch, but for dinner it's not exactly "cozy". Offering beer and (a pretty acceptable) house wine is a good plus. Definitely give Genaro's a try - it's worth it.
5	Just had to see what all the fuss was about - Just call me a Fuzzy Wuzzie now - This place is so good.  The chicken was moist and tender, ribeye was little tough even at med rare but the flavor was so good.  Pork you can cut with a fork.  Our waiter never smiled until we started a conversation about the food then he opened up and was a delight.  Wine list not the greatest but the Chilean Malbec went nicely with the seasonings on the meat.  Would definitely go back - extensive menu allows you flexibility and will take a while to try everything.  This is a definite five star for food.  Oh and I think they have worked out the A/C problem as it was very comfortable in the restaurant but did notice several stand along units working.
5	Great place.  Great food.  Nice people.
4	great rotisserie chicken and an amazing Genaro's Tray for 2, 4 could it off it.  Lot of Peruvian national dishes.  Staff English is poor.  Prices are OK.
4	Went to the Pineville location with my wife, after reading many reviews, and we were not disappointed! The rotisserie chicken was deliciously moist and flavorful, and there was plenty of it! Only reason I gave it 4 stars was because the sides were just OK, and the Inca Corn appetizer was decent, as it had a hard texture and was unlike most corn cobs. It came with a nice pepper cream sauce with bold flavors. But it's the chicken that is the star here. I only wish the skin was crispy. Overall, a good place at an affordable price.
5	Food:Meats were fresh, hot, well seasoned. Fun potato appetizers with spicy sauce.  Good, homemade-ish tres leeches cake.Service:helpful, friendly, informativeDecor:nice lighting and decor, interesting artworkCome by and eat at this gem of an authentic Peruvian food while it is still in business. This one might not last because of wonderful attention to detail and lack of crowds.
5	One of my absolute favorite restaurants in Charlotte. I don't have time or space to talk about all the fabulous things I could say about Genaro's so I will focus on the best.The fried plantains are incredible. The plantains are not the perfect shaped frozen ones you get at a restaurant supply store.  They are hand cut and are at just the perfect level of ripeness. Not too overly sweet/ripe and not super green either. Roasted chicken is my death-row meal anyways, so when I get slow-roasted succulent chicken and amazing traditional Peruvian sauces to go with them, I am in pure heaven. I wish I could tell you more about the sauces but as my waiter told me -- I would tell you, but then I'd have to kill you...Last but not least do not leave without a slice of their tres leches cake. My mouth is literally watering as I write this. The "frosting" is sort of a marshmallow fluff consistency and the cake is super moist from the sweet milk it is soaked in. Service is always friendly and best of all, it's cheap!!  I hate that I have to go to work and might edit this review later, but for now I just need to post simply to get the amazingness out there in the Yelp world!  Go Genaros
5	As soon as we finished eating here, we drove home, I ran into the house, opened up my laptop to write this review.  That's how sublime this meal at Genaro's was! I have a new obsession...the chicken, plantains and tres leches cake.  Read on, fair Yelper.  Read on. On the outside, the restaurant didn't look too impressive.  Inside, it was super clean and diner-like, complete with a row of stools and a counter to eat at, and a cake case.  (More on the cake case later.) Oh, and the modern white light fixtures make the space look classy!Here's what we had: Passion Fruit Juice: Made in-house and delicious!  Pure passion fruit, no strange pink color.  Just the juice and what I guess is water and sugar.  Chicha Morada: Our server was so awesome, and after we sang the praises of the passion fruit, he brought us little samples of this Peruvian drink.  We were told it's fresh made from corn and fruits and cinnamon.  Sounds strange...looks like wine, but tastes like...a fruity, spiced fall drink.  Really refreshing over ice.  My husband ended up ordering the full-sized one. Shrimp and Avocado Appetizer: Think of a dreamy creamy shrimp salad, scooped into two avocado halves.  Really refreshing and fresh tasting. Served with a hard boiled egg. Peruvian Corn: This corn made me laugh...it looked like a puffed up mutant of a regular ear of corn!  The kernels were ginormous...about the size of a small marble, or Trident White gum. The corn itself is strange in that it doesn't taste like corn...more like a starchy potato.  But it was nice to scoop cheesy sauce over it, and have it as a side.  Genaro's Salad: What's cool about this salad, is the mix of veggies in this salad.  It's got some spring mix and iceberg lettuce, but then beets and some carrots and avocado and cucumber...I think I saw a green bean too.  It comes with this green, I think cilantro dressing, and comes in a taco shell bowl.  What a flavorful mix. Sample Platter (For 2, but could be for 4!): This was HUGE and fantastic.  Forgive me if I forget something, but it included half a rotisserie chicken, 8 ounces of steak, 10 ounces of pork, two different sausages, and two sauces.  The chimmichuri (sp?) is THE BOMB!  I mean fresh, savory flavor explosion!  The chicken is by far the best roast chicken preparation I've ever had.  Juicy and flavorful. My favorite meat.  The pork was very tender too, as was the steak. Cilantro Rice: Great side to go with meat!Plantains: I agree with Victoria S.  The plantains aren't cookie cutter looking, and are fried just right and caramelized.  My husband and friend took down the first order, and got a second plate, they were that yummy. The kicker.  THE TRES LECHES CAKE.  Holy cow.  I dream of this cake and want this as my birthday cake.  Every day.  Yes,  everyday shall be my birthday because of this cake.  My friend Keith was taking a spoonful, and I grabbed my spoon and knocked the cake out from under him and ate it!  (Half jokingly!) The cake is moist, and topped with, yes, a marshmallow like topping, and smothered in another milky condensed milk-like liquid.  It's so purely milky, it's like eating a carton of whole, sweetened, fresh milk.  I'm dying.  I'm dying right now.  The only thing I recommend doing...is ask your server which desserts are made in-house.  Obviously this cake.  However, the chocolate cake, I'm 90% positive looks from Costco.  Our server was great and said the tres leches is the best, so we went with that one.  Every server we encountered here was kind and helpful and made us Peruvian-food virgins feel comfortable and excited about coming back.  Next time, I'm picking up a whole chicken to bring home for dinner!
4	I'm thinking I should spend more time in Pineville...especially if there are more great discoveries like Genaro's!When you walk in yo the bright, clean space you can either seat yourself or head to the counter and order for take out. Hubs and I grabbed a seat and oogled at the tasty looking plates that came out of the kitchen. Our server was smiley and swift and before we knew it, our food flew out of the kitchen. Here's what I sampled:Calamari: 2.5/5: I can tell the calamari is likely made in house, but the breading was too heavy for my liking and the sauce that accompanied the dish had little flavor. The portion is certainly generous, though. Rotisserie chicken: 4/5: Super juicy and flavorful. The way a rotisserie chicken should be! The two sauces that come with the chicken (green and yellow) are equally as tasty. Cilantro rice: 3/5: This was a fine side item, but I found myself spreading a bit of the green sauce on the rice to kick up the flavor. Plantains: 5/5: Perfectly fried, fresh and delightful. Huge hunks of lovely, slightly crispy plantains. Overall value: 4/5: For $6.50 ish you can get 1/4 white chicken plus two sides. That's a hell of a deal, especially when the chicken is this delicious and juicy. Genaro's is definitely worth a try...next time I need to save room for the tres leches cake!
4	The chicken here is to die for. I recommend lunch time cause the dinner service gets busy and can take a second for your food but its worth the wait. Grab the platter for 2 a little bit of everything and enough for lunch the next day. Cilantro rice was ok here but at the other chains its mouth watering. I will be here a lot in the future.
2	I have finally gotten around to giving this place a try. Based on the really good reviews, I figured I would have gotten better.  It was just okay for me. The place was not crowded and my server was average at best. My chicken was moist and seasoned decently, beans were not spicy despite that adjective and the plaintains were very chunky, very little flavor. I am impressed that the fountain drinks are under $2 since a numbers of places have raised the price on some sweet tea to over $2. SMH.Did not try the Tres Leches cake and wished I had. I will not say i will not be back, but it is not on my immediate radar for lunch/dinner. The meat was seasoned better here, yet I prefer Pio Pio's service.
3	I rate a peruvian restaurant by the Lomo Saltado, Papa a la Huancaina, the Rotisserie Chicken and the Ahi aka hot sauce...all of which past my test with flying colors...inconsistently! My original post gave info explaining otherwise but things can change, trust me.All that said, take out is your best bet, service is super spotty. They have the oven roasted corn which i love! If you want to try something different don't hesitate...lunch specials for $7.99 is a great time to do so!
4	I only found this place because of Yelp, and it's the very reason why I am such a fan of Yelpers! The positive reviews here are truly correct. Consider this place a Peruvian grill of sorts. If you like your meat grilled with unique spices and sauces, this is a great night out.Restaurant itself is pretty unassuming from the outside in a little strip shopping center much like any other store. Walk in and has a very crisp, modern flair with lightning and accessories right out of IKEA. Staff was very pleasant and immediately greeted, seated, and were very good with recommendations. Being my first time here, had to go with the defacto samplers as I am not a local nor too versed in Peruvian cuisine.Indulged in the Chicha Morada drink which pairs very well with the food. Unique spices of clove and cinnamon paired with corn and pineapple juices make for a really sweet but welcome palate pleaser. Started with the Inca corn which I had never experienced before. Giant puff kernels on the cobb with a cheese sauce so mild it came across almost like an Amish butter cheese. Also sampled the Chicken Aguadito, a chicken and cilantro soup with rice and veggies. Had a really unique spice blend and reminded me of a very subtle Indian lentil stew. LovelyFor the entrees we split the Bendeja Genaro, a grilled meat sampler of rotisserie chicken, grilled pork, rib-eye steak, chorizo and morcilla. The rotisserie chicken and pork were my two favorites, with the rib-eye being a little two chewy. The morcilla (blood sausage) had a wonderful flavor and the chorizo was also quite good. Comes with two different dipping sauces that add a bit of heat and refreshing flavor to the grilled meats. yummy all the way around. Paired with cilantro rice and spicy beans and you have a culinary delight.Of course no meal would be complete without a dessert treat and the tres leches and chocolate cake were ahhh-mazzz-ing.Great local find made possible by Yelp. Give them a try and come hungry, because portions are large and very tasty!Only thing I would change is the actual printed menu background... so many busy graphics its almost impossible to read. bon appetit!
3	My boyfriend is a huge Genaro's fan and I can easily see why : portions are mammoth, meat is nicely grilled with tasty seasoning, and it is reasonably priced. We ordered the meal for two ($22) which had a rib eye steak, sausage, 2 large pieces of chicken (1 white/1 dark), pork, and another sausage-like meat (not exactly sure what it was but it contained rice). The plate also came with a choice of sides, we chose cilantro rice and spicy beans. The sides in my opinion were lackluster but the meats were all quite delicious and served with a fresh chimichurri! The quality was reminiscent of something you might get at a Brazilian steakhouse.  My favorites were the chicken and sausage. They were served with a yellow sauce and green sauce, both of which were great but the green had a serious kick to it.  I also tried some passion fruit juice which would be killer in a cocktail but for me personally it was a little too sweet. (coming from someone who waters down lemonade...) All in all I will definitely go back to Genaro's to try the Tres Leches and different sides... I will definitely be getting the chicken again.  If you're a meat-lover and are hungry (and I mean seriously hungry), check this place out!
5	The rotisserie chicken is the best I've tasted. Yes, during peak times the service can be a bit slow and the place a bit chaotic, but you know what? When they lay that plate of aromatic awesomeness in front of you, it is all worth it. And then it  gets even better when they bring the bill. SO worth it!!!
4	If you like MEAT, do come here.  2 words - Meat Sweats!!!And who doesn't like fried plantains, rice, and beans?
4	Review #100. Do I get a prize?A few years ago, we tried the Genaro's in Indian Trail a couple of times and weren't impressed. Whenever I would see the rave reviews pop up on Yelp now and then, I would snicker to myself thinking the reviewers had no taste. Maybe it's the location?We were in the mood for trying some good chicken wings at D.D. Peckers for the first time this past Sunday and were greeted to having them closed for the day (their (DDP's) storefront is pretty suspect-looking...almost like a massage-parlor/porno-store feel to it but I'll save that for another day). We turned around to only see our choices of being some shady bar, Genaros, or that dump-of-a-buffet Tin Tin down the street so we settled on Genaro's.This was lunch, mind you, so looking at the menu and the somewhat steep prices almost had us walk back out the door even though we already ordered drinks.(The online menu I just looked at shows lunch specials.) We went simple & cheap and ordered the rotisserie chicken with sides. I was almost speechless at the flavor of the chicken. I have never had rotisserie chicken as great and flavorful before!  They gave us 2 sauces on the side that the waiter (a gringo!) either couldn't or wasn't allowed to tell us what was in them. One was a jalepeno-based (green), the other (yeller) something similar to a house Italian dressing? Whatever they were, they were devoured, sopped up, whatever. Honestly, the chicken didn't even need these sauces! Skin and all was consumed and I was tempted to suck the flavor off of the bones. Now the sides....not impressed. I love me some black beans and rice but these did not have a lot flavor. I felt that I was having to over salt. Fries were good but even better with their homemade ranch to dip them in. I will definitely try the spicy beans and cilantro rice next time although a couple of other Yelpers seemed to complain about their lack of flavor. If anyone from Genaro's reads these reviews: work on your sides! You would be 5 stars in my book if they improved!!The service was great. Our waiter was a really nice guy and very efficient. As I said earlier, he was a "gringo" and it seemed an odd choice for a Peruvian restaurant. Everyone needs a job, though. The layout of the restaurant is a bit confusing. There's a sign that says "wait to be seated" when you enter, but a good 1/3 of the dining room is taken up by the kitchen and it almost looks like a cafeteria-style setting. The outside of the place seems a bit suspect just because of the location and surroundings of the adjacent strip shop but it's pretty clean inside.  I am actually going to give the Indian Trail location another try next time since it's closer to home but if I'm disappointed again, I will definitely make the trip out to Pineville to this store.Your pal,Walter
5	Much like the reviewer before me, I ran back to the office, got to my laptop and am now writing this review.  While it took me some time to get here it was well worth the 10 minute drive from my office to eat at this place. Chicken was succulent, the chimmichurri toppings that adorned our platter of meat was PHENOM! both sausages were outstanding, the standard chorizo was great but there was another one which was darker/brownish and it was melt in your mouth sausage goodness. the cilantro rice was to die for and the salad and accompanying dressing were top notch. this is definitely becoming a go to for me!
4	Possibly the Best Chinese this side of Union County... Oh it's Peruvian, well then it is possibly the nicest looking Peruvian Restaurant I have seen, so far (it is the only one so far)!  Four stars may be too generous so you do the Math and see what I said:Staff is Upbeat, Energetic and Full of suggestions and remarks!  Very Entertaining!  One said "No Pictures" (You'll see I did not comply with that "remark"/ "suggestion") I said : I do not speak English (in Chinese) and he answered me back in Chinese, though since I really do not speak Chinese I have no idea what he said!Fried Plantains Yummy!  5yelp starsFried Yucca - I have eaten this in Cuban Restaurants and these were cut like super thick Potato Fries, though better than most Potato Fries!  These were the Best I have tasted 4.75 stars!Chimmichurri Sauce, mmmmm this is a very good one, not spicy, though much more than most, very flavorful 5 yelp starsBeef - I have had better Beef Dishes, even better beef dishes HERE at Genaro's 2.5 starsPork - this was good, not great, 3.24 stars"Red Sausage" I do not know what it is really called in Chinese, American or Peruvian, it was an Orange color and it was good enough for 3.75 stars!Is this Blood Sausage??? Dark, almost Black and with Rice inside - 2 yelp starsRotisserie Chicken - the skin  had a good flavor!  I'm not a fan of Rotisserie Chicken so I'll stop there!Dessert Case!  Check it out!  Look before you buy, if you like!  They usually Have Tres Leches and some other Desserts!  Since I have tasted many, though none on this visit, I will not comment further on my lack of appreciation for these options!My Girlfriend LOVES Mexican (this is still the New NEW one from August 11, 2010) so I thought I would take her to a Chinese place (Next door to Genaro's is a "Panda Kitchen and Bath" - Awesome concept!  Since we love Hot tubs, [she thinks I'm cute in a Speedo, maybe Hot, in a Hot Tub] what a great Date, Mexican/Chinese food served in a Hot Tub (I'm guessing) - They are always closed when I'm down here so I always eat at Genaro's
5	Everyone needs to come here ASAP.  I can't believe I've never had this place until now, I've definitely been missing out on some delicious food in my life.The parking is convenient, and when you first walk into the restaurant, it seemed like I wasn't sure what to expect.  Let me tell you, expect greatness for sure.  Also, the music they have playing is pretty good, even though I had no idea what it was saying.Have you ever tried Stuffed Chicken Avocado?  Well, you should.  You won't regret it.  The chicken was creamy and delicious with the avocado.  If you're dining in with friends, I would suggest to order the meat platter.  I'm not quite sure of the exact name, but my friends just referred to it as the meat platter.  We received a variety of different meats, and it is a very big/good amount.  I was definitely stuffed.  Make sure to save room for dessert!  Tres Leches!  Order it.  You will thank me later.
4	I love Genaros! hands down the best pollo a la brasa in town. The yucas and fries are delicious with teh special sauces they serve. I love their lucuma dessert the most! I cannot find lucuma in Charlotte very easily so it is always great to come to Genaros and have some. The portions are the right size and you will not be left hungry :) The only thing I do not like its the Ceviche here. This (to me) its not the real ceviche- I have told them too. I hope one day they change the chef who makes this ceviche for somebody that does know how to make it.. or get the recipe from Machu Picchu :)
3	I stopped in for a quick lunch and ordered a rotisserie chicken sandwich and an Inca Kola...  The Kola was fantastic... It's billed as a golden cola and that's exactly what it tasted like... It wasn't syrupy sweet, but it would still make you pucker a little... Not in a bad way, though... Just in a "you-should-probably-only-have-one" kind of way...The fries were basic... They definitely weren't greasy, though, so that was a plus...The sandwich was a bit of an issue for me... This was my first time here and I don't know if I'm missing something, but I almost choked twice on these random pieces of chicken situation... And I say situation because I don't know what it was... It wasn't hard enough to be bone, so maybe they were pieces of cartilage? Tendon?  It was white and kind of curvy... I'm assuming since they rotisserie a whole chicken, they probably just pull it apart, but since I was eating a sandwich, I wasn't really expecting any roughage... I pulled the sandwich apart and tried to salvage it, but it was too much work... The chicken itself tasted great, but I definitely won't order a sandwich from here again... The guy next to me had something called jalea which looked delicious, so I'll probably get that... He didn't choke once, so it's probably safe...
3	I was waiting eagerly for this location to open because Indian Trail is not in my normal sphere.  Since it opened I've been here a number of times and swore I wrote a review years ago, but apparently it got lost. I've been pleased to see how it went from super slow to ultra-hopping on a Friday night (who's heard of a Peruvian chicken place with a wait??) but feel like it's going downhill, not uphill.  Since it has a bunch of reviews, I won't hash over the same stuff.  - The chicken has nice flavoring on the outside and is fairly moist, and used to be my favorite until Viva Chicken came into my life that had better seasoning, is moister and has nicer sauce. - Decent plantains and black beans but definitely not the bes tin town.- I enjoyed their organic side salad in the beginning but recently it's been pretty awful.  - Step out of your comfort zone and order the Papa a la Huancaina. I never would have thought I would have liked boiled eggs and potatoes in a white creamy sauce but it was absolutely delicious! Who knew??- Lots of cilantro in lots of items. Ugh. Check my middle name- that doesn't jive with me so I have to be very explicit and careful.The service is fairly friendly but slow, regardless of if they are dead or busy.  I probably will not go back on a weekend evening with how crowded they are but will definitely stop in for a shopping refuel if I am down near Pineville.
4	I'm a fan of Peruvian food and this is my long-time favorite in Charlotte. Very good chicken&sauces, very good appetizers and very good MilHojas dessert. Sides are good also, although portions are somewhat small.  I do wish the iced tea were better (extremely weak) and that the restaurant had a warmer temperature (brrrr).  Nice decor and staff, and ample parking.  Try it!
5	Had an excellent meal today! Chicken was wonderful!  Great grilled vegetables with cheese!  Service was excellent also.
5	Great rotisserie chicken! When you walk in it's the first thing you smell and it's very welcoming. We go there on a regular basis. The prices are good and the service is always very nice, sometime a little slow but I don't mind. Their pork and steak are really good too. Definitely make sure you get the plantains and save room for their churros!
4	Love these  little ethnic restaurants that are popping up all over this Beautiful Queen City. Genaro's,  is just that, I recently heard about it and I am telling you - if you want to try Peruvian food...go here!!My daughter and I stopped in..we were starved..greeted by a very nice waiter named Javier. We started with the Papa a la Huancaina, boiled eggs and potatoes in a white creamy sauce- it was absolutely delicious!  We also had the Calamari , very good the Cilantro Aioli was tremendous!. The whole time the waiter was very helpful to our ordering. We had the Sampler plate, Beef, Pork, Chicken - two kinds of Peruvian Sausage. It was great and a very ample portion for two..we still had leftovers! The sauces were very good, and I learned about Purple Corn, which makes a delicious Juice like drink called ChiCha  Wonderful -  would make a great Spritzer!We were too stuffed to try dessert but Javier said the Tres Leches  Cake was by far the best in the city.Go and try ...its a nice sampling of Peruvian Food!
5	Ate here for the first time and it was delicious! I enjoyed every morsel of my meal and defiantly plan to come back!
2	Good sweet teaHorrible everything elseGenaro's was generic!Don't get me started on the horrible server
4	Let's start with service, good all 3 time we've dined. Every thing we have tried has been above average, the Peruvian dishes where the best, plantains oh my, green chicken soup I could eat every week and more. Leave room for dessert if I could spell it I would, it was most enjoyable, let your eyes be your guide. Nice place, will dine here every time I'm in town.
5	The location for this restaurant is strange, but that's the only negative thing about Genaro's! The food is unique, genuine and absolutely delicious! The service has always been at least great. But I really can't say enough good things about the food! I think a place like this should be somewhere a little classier(in order to capitalize!) but I'm selfishly glad that they are around the corner from me!
5	When I'm missing my Peru friends, I come here and enjoy being at any of the wonderful restaurants along the Peruvian coast. Now if I could just order a Pisco Sour, the night would have been perfect.
4	Great chicken made using lump coal! A must try if you're in the area... the best in Charlotte!
5	The food here is 100% authentic, 100% amazing , 100% homemade.  I've eaten Peruvian food in D.C., Richmond Va, and Houston, Texas.  This is the best!We were greeted by a very friendly gentlemen who was well versed in the menu and was very professional.My companion had the Chicken Saltado lunch special with Peruvian soup.  The flavors of the Saltado were nothing short of extraordinary.  The white rice and black beans had the perfect texture.  The Peruvian soup was hearty and full of vegetables.  The flavor was rich and satisfying.I ordered the 1/2 chicken with plantain and fried yucca.  The plantain was perfectly cooked.  Brown and crispy on the outside and sweet and creamy on the inside.  The yucca was equally delicious.  It's clear they quickly fry in super hot oil because neither of these items are greasy.  The chicken.  What can I say?  The charcoal aroma and taste is amazing.  Crispy brown exterior with moist and well seasoned interior. The chimmichurri and Aji sauces are sublime.The freshly made churro was just heavenly.Service was fast and efficient. We lacked for nothing.The greeting, food, presentation, and service was outstanding.
5	Had lunch there again.  Food was great and tres leches dessert was super good.Had the 1/2 chicken with cilantro rice and fried plantain.  Companion ordered the lunch special which was chicken saltado over pasta.  We enjoyed our meals.
5	FantasticJavier was a great server trying to explain all the dishes and answering our questions. Marinated grilled chicken with cilantro rice and black beans all was very good. 1/2 Rotisserie chicken was a large meal.Shared Alfajores and Tres Leches oh my so yummy
5	Great food here with their rotisserie chicken, fried yucca, plantains, cilantro rice, and the amazing sauces to go with it.
4	I like a joint that is consistent with 4 and 5 stars.  I threw them a 4 star.  Good stuff all the way around.  We hit them on 10/12/2014 with 23 hungry Alpha males and some mixed in wives.  The poor server, looking nervous kicked ass, he broke a sweat, but did not break his attitude or consistent smile.  We gave him a work out.  5 star for the poor bastage.Never heard of the place and if I had to choose between Mexican and Peruvian, I would go Mexican any day of the week.  But I have seen the light, this rotisserie chicken is out of this world.  Kind of spoiled me, I will never look at Harris Teeter rotisserie chicken the same way.........  My son and I split a Bandeja Genero.  This is a huge platter of half a rotisserie chicken, grilled chicken breast, ribeye and two sausages.  I think they were blood and polish.  The platter came with two sides, as in big friggin' sides.  We had fries (not to Peruvian, but my boy wanted them) and grilled cheesy veggies.  Most everyone got some sort of rotisserie chicken and plantains.  I guess they are famous for their fried plantains, I tried one for the first time, pretty good for fried bananas and sugar.Comments from the table were, shrimp and avocado were excellent.  The meat is just as good as a Brazilian steak house.  I was very happy with the new flavor experience and will definatly go back to try some of the other dishes.    Unexpected big score for my dining education.
5	OMG.... The chicken flavor is amazing... Wooooo that so grate..... Marinated grilled chicken with cilantro rice and black beans all was very good....the Yuca Frita and Mil Hojas..... excellent....Thanks Genaros
5	Amazing rotisserie chicken!  If you are looking for something a little different, try this place!!! It is Peruvian food at it's finest! I am not a huge avocado fan but everyone seems to rant and rave about the avacodo dish. The chicken fried rice is also another favorite that everyone in my family frequents. Everyone I have brought here has come back as a regular customer. Oh and did I mention the tres Leche? It is a MUST!
4	Excellent rotisserie chicken, cilantro rice can not be beat. Louis is server extraordinaire. And last however not least, the price can not be beat.My new favorite local place to eat.
5	This is one of our favorite places to get takeout.  Their food is always delicious.  Best rotisserie chicken.  Even the white meat is tender.  The flavor and the slight smokiness is top notch.  The employees are always genuine and friendly.  There is not a single item I've ever ordered that I would not eat again or recommend to anyone.  I've not ever eaten in because our home is so convenient to this location, I just bring it home for the family to enjoy.  You will enjoy it, too.
