5	Antonio is a master artist! Good guy and cares about his customers. I brought him a picture of what I wanted, he listened and then pulled out his own pictures of cuts he has given to current customers. He is quick, efficient and no BS. I'm out of there in 20 minutes everytime with exactly what I want.
5	Antonio does a fantastic job! Very courteous and professional. the 30 min drive is well worth it. Highly recommended. five stars
5	I work right across the street from Antonio's Salon & Barber Shop and have been coming to him for over a year and a half!  He is absolutely fantastic.  He knows exactly what I like and the style of haircut I am picturing.  He is very professional with his work, reasonable with his prices, and gives a specialized haircut exactly to the T!  I rate him 5 stars.
2	Was very surprised with my experience with Antonio, considering the other reviews before me. I entered the shop with a standard comb over, about 2 inches long, with a #2 faded up. I left with a buzz cut.Here are my two complaints. First, all requests I gave as I set down were completely cut and dropping to the floor seconds in. I want to blame this on the language barrier, mainly because he was nice enough for me to assume he wouldn't just ignore a clients request. There shouldn't be a mound of hair on the floor, when all you request is a trim...Secondly, after twice denying Antonio's request to shape up my beard, I gave in to his THIRD advance. I will admit the hot towel and massage would have been enjoyable if I hadn't already been in a state of shock. In the end, the left side of my beard is a half of an inch higher than my right. He's really good at spinning the razor around in his hand though! $45 dollars later and upset by my experience enough to lose sleep over it, here I am. Thanks Antonio.
5	Came in from Los Angeles needing a haircut. Went to yelp. This is the best barber shop yet. The massage is the best. I like the service and employees are friendly . Good price. Higher end barber shop. Great products
5	Swung by for a quick haircut while I was in town, and I am so happy with the final product. Antonio cut it quickly, and expertly. Five stars for a professional job.
5	Can't go wrong with Antonio. He has been cutting my hair for over a year now and I won't go anywhere else. The nicest guy and always available for an appointment. Give him a shot and you will not regret it. Best haircut I have long in a long time.
