5	Most creative and talented young female!  Looking for a new look OR just trying to add to your style,  look no further. .. You won't be disappointed w/Miss Tabitha... Profesional and committed to assuring your contentness..Thx babe for treating me like a Queen,  I will send clients your way,  knowing they'll get the up most amazing treatment by yourself. .
5	Miss Tabitha my go to lady for the best nails on the West Coast!
5	Absolutely amazing are the nails done by Miss Tabitha. Whether you want gel polish, pink n whites or more artistic nails she can do them all. Plus no lifting!!!
5	She is a perfectionist! If you're looking for perfection in Vegas Tabitha is it! She is amazing and does amazing things with nails. Good person too! Hard to find in Vegas as well. Always love my nails and everyone always wants to know who did them :)
5	She does AMAZING work! I only go here for my nails, and for the last couple years I've been going to her, now I won't go to anyone else. Her gel art is one of a kind, very unique  and she is very good at what she does. She doesn't stop till your nails are perfect and what you want. You may even think your nails look amazing and she might not agree with her work so she will fix whatever she thinks is wrong and perfect it. Very kind and humble and I always have a blast spending time with her while getting my nails done!
5	She is truly AMAZING! This type of quality is really hard to find, especially with so many salons in town. Not to mention Tabitha has a wonderful personality, so friendly... so sweet. She treats her clients with the utmost respect and she makes you feel like you are #1. If you are looking for quality nails, whether it be gels, acrylics, or anything I highly recommend going to see Miss Tabitha. You will not be disappointed!!!
5	10/10 would recommend Tabitha as your nail artist. She is great at what she does and has a great personality to boot!. I have been coming to Tabitha for several years now and she never disappoints. She is a true nail artist often coming up with freestyle designs for gel and acrylic nails. She offers original work !
