4	I love port of subs!  OMG this place rocks!  Everything here is fresh on site.  The bread is cooked and fresh, and they have white, wheat and Sourdough.  They have 3 sized subs, and a menu a mile long.  They have 18 cold subs to choose from, and some hot subs to choose as well.They cut the meat as you order your sandwich. Not predone like other lame chains that shall go unnamed.I usually get a #18, which is Roast Beef and Turkey with cheese.  mmmm, tasty.  I usually order a really big sub, eat half there, and take the other half home to eat for later.  I like it here because I really feel like I get a lot of food for my money.There are two reasons why I gave them 4 stars.  First, this location has really crappy hours.  They close early, and sometimes, I can't get to them before they close.  I think they close at like 6PM or something.  booo!  Who are you catering to with this schedule?  I think they should be open until at least 8 PM.  so, points lost for crappy hours.The other thing I am docking them for, was I had a bad service experience there today.  There were 3 people working behind the counter that I could see.  One girl slicing meat, one guy running the register, and a third guy doing stock and stuff with bread in the oven.Well, since I got the combo meal which includes a beverage and chips, I went to the chip area and it looked pretty hit and wiped out.  The only chips left were the crappy flavors that I do not like.  I want plain chips, thats all.  I didnt want jalapeno (stomach doesnt like it) nor did I want the Dill flavored either.  I asked the gentleman who was doing bread and stock if he had any plain chips available.  He was rather snappy with me and said "if we had them, they would be out there.  Whatever we have is on the shelf."  He quickly blew me off, and I was aggrivated.  He told me to look at the other chip stand to see if I could find what I was looking for. Fortunately, I got my plain chips, but nothing irriates me more then the annoying response of "If we had it, it would be out there."  Bullsh!t! Your just to lazy to go look.  I know you have cases of chips in the back, so stop stocking your cups and get me some chips.Aside from the snotty stocker guy, the other two people working there were wonderful.   The register guy wrapped one half of my sandwich for me to go, and served the other one for me to stay and eat in the resturant.
2	I thought I loved Port of Subs, but I was wrong.I currently sit eating the Vegetarian sub (3rd time I have had it) and I am super disappointed. The bread is really dry, despite the fact that I have oil, vinegar and mayo on it, and it is pretty tasteless.The cheese is good and the fact that you have multiple size options is cool, but the sandwich is really blah and unimpressive. Blimpie, Cousins or Subway are all way better. ... but if you are over in this area go to Lee's Sandwiches on Dobson/Warner instead. It's worth the 5 mile drive.
4	Yummm... Good alternative to Subway. I get tired of the dry wheat bread at other places. They've got a bunch of sandwiches, and the meats & cheeses are always sliced fresh in front of you. (So nothing that's been sitting around for a while.)They've got a delicious "Mix" spread - - which is mayo and mustard. And a variety of "value" sandwiches... starting at just over $3.00. Staff is friendly.. and quick service. :)
3	If you're looking for a cheap fast spot for lunch this is a great stop for you... I have ordered the following.No. 7Roast Beef & Provolone CheeseNo. 13Peppered Pastrami, Turkey & Swiss CheeseNo. 3Salami, Turkey & Provolone CheeseNo. 1Ham, Salami, Capicolla, Pepperoni & Provolone CheeseAll of them were pretty good I will be back sometime when I want a cheap sub.
1	Do not think all Port of Subs are alike.  This location is AWFUL.  We've had bad service more than once.  We won't go back after the second time.  The bad service was unbelievable.  They actually argued with my co-worker over what she wanted on her sandwich and got really testy.  Just absolute jerks, I can't say it enough.
1	I wish I could give this place zero stars.  I had the NY steak and cheese on  ciabatta and I'm pretty sure that dog food would have tasted better.  It honestly tasted like old meat.  You couldn't even taste the cheese.  Eww...just thinking about it is making me nauseous.
2	I'm always willing to drive out of my way NOT to go to this place. The subs aren't bad but i'd so much rather have a Jersey Mike's sub. Something about the bread and those wonderful spices...Went to the Warner Rd. location today because my son insisted and the service at 11:30am was friendly and efficient. The Turkey & Provolone on wheat was kinda bland, but I do love that they have Coke Zero (J.Ms doesn't...Boo!).
3	Fast service and good food.  Great for a quick turn lunch.  Their new loyalty rewards card is pretty cool too.  You regiter it online and rack up rewards points for free food later.  Kind of novel for a sub shop.  Only down side is that I think their prices are a little high compared to other sub joints.
1	Food is average subs if you're looking for that kind of thing but their register does math wrong and overcharges. Rang up $24 for a $19.99 family meal. Employees are idiots and said that was tax. 20% tax? I think not...Shady business practice...won't be back.
4	This was a first time trip for me to Port Of Subs. The people were friendly, my sandwich was great and reasonably priced. I definitely be going back.
2	Man, they've got some really dry nasty bread.  I wanted to like this place, and the meat is actually pretty good.  I was eating my sub on wheat noting how dry the bread was when I tried a bit of my wife's sourdough.  I only thought mine was dry, the sourdough was terrible.  Oh well.
4	Tried this place for the first time recently. Pretty good, and my sandwich was made just the way I like it. Also, they have Coke Zero, which is a BIG hit with me...any place that offers that scores a BIG thumbs-up! Ordered lunch online and went to pick it up. The place was fairly busy when I got there, which was fine. They had everything ready and loaded up for me. All I had to do was pay and pick out chips and fill the drinks. They even boxed everything so I wouldn't have trouble getting everything into my car. I like that idea a lot!They are trying to get delivery service up and running so once they do I will have to utilize that.I will definitely spread the word about this place to anyone I know looking for a new sub shop to try.
2	I'm not a fan of this place. The food wasn't very good and it was overpriced compared to other sub places. The service however was very friendly and the store was nice and clean.
1	Will not be back.I started having lunch here every day last week (10/30) and was going to continue but then the Manager gave me a hard time about not honoring the HON discount when I forgot my badge today -- went on to TELL me to wear my badge on my shirt "in a noticable location moving forward or I would not receive the discount".  Realy? Not smart -- my daily lunch business is going next door to the Greek place.
3	Port of Subs is decent. It is not great, not bad, just okay. They do freshly slice meats and cheeses which is a step up from the pre-packaged, slimy looking meats that they serve at Subway. On my most recent visit I had a buffalo chicken grilled sandwich with ranch and jalapenos. It was served warm, pressed like a panini. I was hoping that it would have deli sliced chicken and not pre cut chicken pieces but it had the chicken pieces. I have had bad experiences with this type of meat in the past so I was a little worried. To my surprise, it was very tasty. I have also had the Italian #1 sandwich here which is also very good. The bread is not the best I have had but not bad.I have had pretty good customer service when I have been in. I do feel like the sandwiches here are a little overpriced for what you get. For a small sandwich, chips and a drink it comes to around $9.00. I think that is a little much for the quality of food that you get. Overall Port of Subs is an okay choice if you are wanting a sandwich in this area. There are a few other good options in this area as well. Not sure whether I will be back or not.
4	I work right up the street from this Port of Subs and decided to give it a shot since I was burned out on my usual rotation.  I really like it, nice change of pace.  Very tasty number 5, turkey, ham and cheese.  Service is fast and friendly.  Lots of room, easy to get a seat even during busy times.  Will definitely be back, frequently.
5	After reading so many negative reviews about this place, I feel it is my duty to set the record straight. Port of subs is without a doubt, my favorite sandwich spot. Subway could learn some things from these folks....like....SOFT BREAD and FRESH MEAT. Every sandwich that I get here tastes incredible and is made with fresh ingredients. For me, the bread makes a sandwich and the bread that they use is always super soft and delicious. They have this mix of mayo and mustard that is perfect on a sandwich and compliments all of the meat and veggies. All of the workers here have been very friendly, given my son free cookies once and been very gracious to us. They even deliver and said that they would deliver to us in Casa Grande. I haven't attempted to call their bluff but the fact that the manager said that they would is crazy awesome. I had never tried the meatball sandwich there and the manager brought me one to try just cause I had mentioned that I was curious. That's the kind of service that I love and that brings customers back. This is THE best place to get a sandwich. My wife and I both love this place. BUILD ONE IN CASA GRANDE! I can't take any more subway or jimmy johns!
2	I stopped here tonight because my favorite sub place just over the freeway, AZ Sandwich Co, was out of bread. Never again. This place cost almost twice as much, and had about 1/3 of the meat. The bread was chewy, and the toppings didn't look very fresh.
4	They were fast and friendly. I got the roast beef and it was delicious!
2	Had an online oder of 7 sandwiches and waited over an hour for it to be done; both the time it sent me that it will be done and me waiting in the store. Management needs to train staff with handling customers better and scheduling the appropriate employees. This place is very busy and while sitting waiting for the order three families had walked out. (I should have walked out, but I had 6 employees really hungry for sandwiches.
2	This place was very cheap with the toppings, the service wasn't very good and it should have been cheaper for the quality. Won't be coming back here
3	I'll keep it short and simple. Pros: freshly slices meats and cheeses, fresh veggies, and great bread make for excellent sandwiches Cons: unfriendly service, semi-pricey depending on your order, extremely skimpy on the premium sandwich additions that you pay extra for (bacon, avocado, etc.)If you don't mind the service being ho-hum and you avoid getting the premium additions, this is a decent sandwich shop.
