5	This is one of the best Chiro offices you could ever go to. The Front Desk staff is awesome, and all of the Massage therapists are great!!! You don't just go in there feeling like you're a number. The new Dr., Dr. A. is great too!!! She truly cares about your health!!! Love Love them!!
1	this office refuses to call back customers to cancel dr appointments. i have called 6 timed today to get a ph call back to cancel. they refuse to call back so they can bill you. i did make sure i have a record of my ph calls to show i have called them. this is the worst office i have delt with ever. no one seems to have no manners to call their customers backs.
5	Dr.  Brad Forbes us a wonderful professional Chiropractor.  His staff is friendly.  He also has a MD and PA on staff.
4	Dr. Forbes is the owner and he only does adjustments when the regular chiropractor is on vacation, which is a shame because Dr. Forbes is better at making adjustments. He is a natural! The current practicing chiropractor does a good job, but I've had better adjustments. Also, at times, you'll have to wait a long time for an adjustment. Make sure you schedule your appt during an odd-hour during the work week. Lunchtime appts can run over time. It's not fun to have to leave early and BEFORE your adjustment because your lunch break if over. I'm now scheduling my appts AFTER work. Each appt averages an hour. The lunchtime appts can last 75-90 mins.In my opinion, what make CHS an excellent choice is that they incorporate soft tissue work and medical services into your treatment plan. You will have X-rays taken, too. CHS will test you for environmental and food allergies. You will also partake in wall traction, stretching, touch massage, an infrared massage table, injections, and electrical stimulus. Once you arrive for your standard appointment, after check-in, you will do visit each "station" until you work your way around the office loop and to the adjustment room where the chiropractor will make the adjustments. You can also purchase in advance professional 30-min and 60-min massages. They are truly heaven on earth.
