1	The Californication of Nevada.   Hideous work environment ...   Messier than google ... And I thought that would be hard to beat!I can't even buy shoes there any more because my last experience with customer service was....   Well....   CREEPY!Was a huge fan and dropped bank year after year.   No more
5	Absolutely recommend this amazing tour this is for everybody in business how to learn culture! Nice nice happy happy happy people
5	Loved this! How many offices would you actually take a tour of?Say what you want about the Downtown Project, Zappos itself is a company I would love to work for. If you have ever (or are currently) working in a shite office for a company that makes you feel like you're just a statistic, than you should check out the culture here at Zappos. From the tour alone, I learned about the transparent corporate ladder, saw open workstations, casual dress, Batista's, free food, supplemented food, 'quiet floors', outdoor areas and a life coach. A LIFE COACH. If that's not caring, I'm not sure what is. Seriously, check this place out. It's really great to see a company investing in its own employees once in a while.
5	I really loves visiting here! The staff was really friendly and seemed like they really nailed their work environment! It was very refreshing to see how everything operated. I kind of accidentally found this place, thought they were actually going to have a store. Instead it was their master head quarters. They had a lot of great luxuries that other companies wouldn't provide their staff with. Not to mention the things they have access to- like getting their car serviced while at work is a definite plus. They also have a always open door policy where their high up work on the same level as everyone else. That was nice to see! The only ones who have closed offices are the lawyers and the licensed life coach. I thought that was pretty cool to have.
4	Went to zappos for the anniversary sale. Great community event. Shoes were odd selection and expensive. Didn't buy anything, but had fun.
5	Came here with fellow workers to learn how they do there magic.The tour was 1 hour long and it was pretty interesting. The staff was really nice and a great experience. Recomended for those who would like to learn an axing work environment
5	I am a store manager at a specialty store in the Bay Area. My friend who is a rep that works for a company that both my store and Zappos sells recommended that I take a tour of the place while visiting LV. It is on their website who to contact to sign up for a tour. They respond in a timely manner with times available on the date that you're looking to tour. I was all signed up and ready for my tour at 1PM on the Thursday that I was there. I took a taxi from the strip, which I don't recommend that you do, unless you don't mind throwing down $23. They do have a shuttle that you can schedule ahead of time, I just failed to see that e-mail until half an hour before my tour. Anyways, I made it to Zappos at 12:45. I walked in and checked in with the girls at the front desk; who pointed me to a computer to actually check in to. I had a few minutes to kill, so I looked around the different things in the lobby. Everyone that walked by was really nice, said hi to me. It was time for the tour to officially start - we had to grab badges from the girls at the front desk and then there was a room for us to go sit in to do introduction. They played a nice video of a department reenacting "Gangham Style". The guy had the tux and girls dancing in booty shorts, while partying on a bus down to a T.  The tour guides all introduced themselves and then they called roll for everyone that was touring. The only large group was six people from an insurance company, the rest of us were just singles. We were split into two groups, the singles in one and the insurance company in another. We had three tour guides, the one guy who was leading us was his first time leading a tour group. They were all really nice and went over the different departments and answered any questions that we had. My favorite part of the tour was when the HR department did the "Milkshake" song with shake weights. This company definitely has a unique culture. I could see why people want to work here. They have the freedom to make decisions and to use their creativity in getting tasks and projects done. This new location is great in how they have transformed the former city hall. I'm very thankful that I took this tour to see how Zappos runs on a day to day basis. Even if people aren't looking for employment, I can see how people can be inspired by their work environment and culture.
5	WOW! What an amazing experience! I left this tour so excited about how I can improve customer service at my office! This place has the understanding that your employees are your best investment and they take pride in providing OUTSTANDING customer service! I hope and pray that this is the new model for businesses of the future!Also, huge shout out to our tour guide, the culture outlaw! He's the best!
5	The Zappo's tour is incredible!  So interesting and led by people who pretty obviously love their jobs.  Lots of company history along with current practices, all presented with informally and with a great deal of humor.  One of the best hours I've spent in Las Vegas.  Free parking for those who drive there and incredibly, they even arranged a ride to take those without cars back to their hotels.  What a tour and what a company!
