1	I was very disappointed in my experience with this company. I decided to check out this gym because I saw a Groupon online for unlimited classes for about $49 a month. When I arrived there was noone available to greet me at the desk.  As a newbie to crossfit I wasn't sure where I should go to warm up or where to put my gym bag. The building where the classes are held has very poor air conditioning if any at all. It was very hot and uncomfortable. There were about three instructors working  that day. It was a Monday at 6:30 PM. There was not a sufficient number of instructors to adequately handle the members. The instructors were not friendly when they finally greeted me and did not explain how to conduct the warm-ups. I have been working out for over 10 years, I have participated in many sports over the years from flag football, volleyball, to track and field. I have also worked at a gym for four years.  I am not unfamiliar with warming up but from what I observed crossfitters warm up in an unconventional way using pvc pipes. It would have been nice to have instruction and order. The website states that your first workout is "always free" and yet when I explained to the person who was completing my fitness assessment he tried to pressure me to surrender my groupon. I let him know that I wasn't sure I was going return for a second class. I also reminded him that on the website it states the first class is always free. After we went back and forth about this fact I finally decided to just look up website on my cell phone to prove to him what is stated. He then changed his story and said the free class only applies to people who are coming in for the full membership of $150 a month so if I wanted to free workout "I could go ahead and pay full price". I told him I can give my Groupon to a friend if I decided not to return and he can just consider me as seeking a full membership and I am undecided. At that point he said "just forget it". When I got home I went back onto the website to see who is the owner of the gym and he was the owner! Consumer Beware gym is very unorganized in very poorly run. I thought it was very unprofessional that the owner did not want to honor his free first workout simply because I had purchased a groupon. Also, I wish it has specified on the website that your first free class is actually a fitness assessments and you don't even get to experience what an actual class is like. I ended up contacting Groupon directly and the refunded my purchase  This owner's customer service skills are lacking.
5	The transformation this gym has had since early 2012 is simply amazing. My wife and I have both been part of this gym for almost two years and our lives have changed completely...for the better.The trainers are friendly and helpful. The most important aspect that has kept us around for so long is the amazing community. The people that attend the workouts are supportive and helpful. We become friends and the environment is positive.The gym is not luxurious, but it's not meant to be. The space is very effectively used in the workouts and safely. The open space provides the athletes the ability to move freely and manage several workouts at times. I have learned a lot of how to warmup, stretch and exercise safely with getting the best results.As an owner Oscar, has created a unique experience for anyone that wants to improve their health and surround themselves by a positive environment that will inspire you to deliver the best you have everyday and the results will be seen in a few weeks.On my end: In the first 9 months I went from 38 waist to 33. Lost 25 lbs. Sleep better. Have no more lower back pain. And my "health age" from blood work, went from 44 years old to 29. And I am actually 31...somehow I'm getting younger! Now my wife and I are expecting our first child and we have a new purpose to continue our path to being fit and in the best shape we can be. So we can be the best examples for our son.If you are reading this and thinking of trying it out...do it. Give it a shot, you won't regret it.
5	I worked out for the first time here tonight.  The trainers were knowledgable and encouraging and I left feeling motivated and looking forward to my next visit!
5	I've been working out at MIC for 3 months now and I LOVE it.   The owner & lead trainer, Oscar, is passionate about helping people achieve their fitness goals, and is very knowledgeable about cross-fit and exercise in general. The other trainers are also certified in cross-fit teaching and are helpful, friendly and professional. The "box" (as you call a cross-fit gym) is hot in summer because it's not air-conditioned, but this is not as bad as you might think. I started in the summer and I stayed -- working out was actually OK that way!  Once you get "into" cross-fit,  and you're lifting weights and doing hard-core workouts, handling the heat is no big deal. :)  You just drink water, pace yourself, and stand in the fan if necessary. The gym is not fancy but it has everything necessary for a great workout, and the trainers are really what make it extraordinary.  There are many loyal gym members who've been with Oscar since he started the gym in his garage, and they are the most friendly, welcoming group.  I felt like I belonged shortly after joining. The quality of this gym is in the people - and it's worth the price and the drive (I live in Chandler, but chose this gym over ones that were much closer to home.)I've lost 25 lbs since starting and I feel great.  I recommend MIC - give it a try!
5	I cannot say enough good things about this gym or the trainers there. They have a wide range of ability levels, from crossfit veterans to complete newbies, and nobody ever makes others feel like they don't belong, whether they can do the full workouts or not. Make no mistake, the workouts are grueling, but you scale them to your ability level and the trainers will help you focus on your form so that you can improve gradually without injuring yourself. The main emphasis here is on form, then consistency, and only after your form is consistently correct do you think about increasing weight. It's a very cautious, long-term goal-oriented approach to the sport that I think is the perfect way to go about it. Anyway, the trainers are fantastic and the other members are super supportive of each other and of new people as well. I'm so glad I tried it out.
5	Good vibes, clean, a great place for serious workout! Buena energia, limpio, y gente ejercitandose en serio.
5	Traveling for business and dropped in for Friday evening class as this gym was close to my hotel. Oscar is an amazing coach and the members are very welcoming. What I liked best about the gym was the setup inside. They have a HUGE space unlike many of the gyms I have visited. Definitely recommend it people looking to start Crossfit or visiting from out of town and are looking for a great gym and coach to workout. I'll be back next time I'm in town!
4	I wish the groupon was for unlimited month but so far so good! WOD 's are fun and challenging :) trainers are great ! This type of work out is a great way to drive away the blues and get in shape !!
