4	The placeI think this is a converted sandwich shop if memory serves, but the new guys didn't let that stop them from making it feel new and cool.  It is an open kitchen so you can watch the cooks putting your food together and there is much steel used throughout - has a modern feel.  The only thing I'll knock if for is having a TV hanging on the wall.  Why do all restaurants feel like they MUST have a TV?The foodThis is why you're here - the food.  My wife and I shared a chicken shawarma pita + fries and a falafel salad.  The salad had six generous falafel on a bed of romaine lettuce, feta cheese, tomato, onion, and a tangy lemon vinaigrette.  The falafel were well spiced and came alive when dabbed with the tahini? sauce that came with it.  The pita had many of the same ingredients as the salad, romaine lettuce, onion, tomato, and to top it off well seasoned chicken and a tzatziki that was dill-icious.  The crinkle cut fries were a good balance of crisp and fluffy.  It's hard to mess up fried potatoes.The bottom lineThe lunch "specials" are really only a few cents off the regular prices, but for under $10 you walk away feeling like you've eaten real-whole-food, not some over processed junk from a tube.  I highly recommend the items that we sampled and I'm sure I'll be back to try the gyros.
4	I recently went vegetarian and Pita Heaven is now one of my favorite places to stop for lunch. I like the #7(grilled veggie wrap) and the #8(Falafel wrap), and Dolmas have always been one of my favorite snacks, so I was very happy to find out that they were available here.  I have had the chance to speak with the manager, and he is a very cool guy. He is also a vegetarian, and said that he is looking to expand the Vegetarian menu soon. There are nice paintings on the walls, and the is a TV in case you plan on eating in. You can call ahead an take you food to go, and everyone I made eye contact with smiled back at me. Things still seem a little new, which makes sense since they just opened; the lady at the register seemed flustered when I asked her about the falafel, but I'm sure that once they all get settled in, this place will be 5 star worthy:-)
5	Awesome place. Friendly staff, heavenly good pitas, fresh ingredients, and fast service. What more can you look for? They have 10% cards for th new customers. I'm taking my lunch here few times a week.
5	I love this place! Everytime I am in the area, I make it a habit to come over here! They have best falafel and homemade hummus I have eaten.  Coming from Chicago, it's hard to find a really good pita place to eat at living in Chandler, and this place really hits the spot! Pita Jungle, look out!
1	The worst experience ever. I gave this place 2 chances and both were fails. The first time a few people I work with got together called in an order for 8 individual meals, we were quoted a price. When we got there to pick up our food and pay we got charged an amount $20 more than we got a quote. They make mistakes, it was fine we paid the $20 extra and got our food. The food was mediocre, the chicken was dry the rice was over-cooked; the salads only have a pinch of feta cheese looks nothing like in the picture. I gave this place another chance, thought I'd go and try something else off the menu thinking it would be different this time around. I called ahead at 10:30am during their business hours no one answered.I didn't even get to order my food,  when arrived at 10:45am the doors were locked and I saw a young lady mopping the floors. I knocked on the door to get her attention; she turned and asked another girl behind the counter if they are open yet. The sign on the door says they open at 10:30am. Umm hello? So the girl from behind the counter comes and unlocks the door and says they can't let anyone in and lock the door while they mop the floor. Interesting? No "Caution wet floor" signs? She gets an attitude rolls her eyes and tells me "We're closed you can wait until the floor dries then we'll let you in."  I don't know about you, but I don't have time to wait on my lunch for their floors to dry in front of a locked door, during business hours. I'm so done with this place. They won't get any more business from me or my co workers.
4	we have been going here a lot lately since it's convenient. I am from Chicago and we have tried the grilled chicken pita, the gyro pita, the greek salad and the fries...haven't actually tried the 'chicago' stuff yet. a great little lunch place
4	A few day's ago, I  stopped into Pita Heaven for some lunch with a couple of friends. This little spot gets packed really quickly during the lunch hour so I suggest coming in a little early. We decided to try the vine leaves first and they did not disappoint. I choose to have the the gyro pita and salad. The gyro meat was simply the most flavorful I have had! A fresh made pita (they make their own in a very cool looking machine) enclosed a generous portion of meat that spilled out from the bread. The bread was soft, warm and spongy, the meat was absolutely delicious.My salad on the other hand was very bland and not very greek. There wasn't enough feta cheese, the dressing was not lemony enough and the tomatoes were unripe and unflavorful, and one olive does not do it in a greek salad!Jose tried the kebaab. It is cooked fresh and they warn you that it does take about 15 minutes to prepare. Well worth the wait! I couldn't resist sampling a few morsels and it was very flavorful. The were beautifully grilled on the outside and still moist on the inside. The presentation was beautiful and they were served with a side of yellow rice.Phil decided to try one of the Chicago offerings, Phil doesn't like trying new foods and was quite apprehensive, finally deciding on the Italian beef sandwich. To our relief he loved it!  He was so pleased he even expressed his pleasure to the staff preparing it.Our only complaint would be one of the staff members who seemed rather unfriendly, but overall Pita Heaven was a great experience.
4	My sister and I have been here a number of times and the food has always been fabulous and the staff very nice and engaging. I have also been here with my coworkers for our lunch hour and have never been disappointed. They must dip their fries in liquid awesome because they are freakin sweet!
5	I love this restaurant! I ordered the Chicago gyro and salad combo for about $8.20. It comes with a drink. The gyro meat was flavorful and the pita bread was delicious. The gyro was huge! My Greek salad was good. I also ordered a side of spicy tazitki and it was delicious with gyro. This restaurant makes My Big Fat Greek restaurant looks bad!
4	Delicious!Between the chicken and the steak plate, the generous serving of expertly grilled marinated beef wins hands down!
3	We were in the area and happened to stop in for lunch. We had gotten there right at about opening time so there was only one other person in there eating. They have a variety of lunch specials that were pretty well priced. We ordered the Gyro Pitas which came with french fries or a salad. We also ordered their Cilantro Hummus. As for the Gyros they were pretty good had a very generous portion of meat which was nice to see and they pita itself was very fresh. As for the hummus not the best we've had but mediocre. We'll be coming back though as it is pretty good and close to the house.
4	Stopped in to Pita Heaven for lunch on a quiet Sunday afternoon. I'm not very familiar with Greek food, but  we were looking for a quick lunch and at least the opportunity to make a healthy choice for lunch, and Pita Heaven seemed to fit the bill.  I ordered a chicken pita, added feta, and a side salad instead of fries. The pita was HUGE, the chicken well seasoned, and the feta added just the right kick. My friend had the pork loin souvlaki pita and it was very tasty as well. The tzatziki sauce was mild and creamy, though i would probably ask for it (and the salad dressing) on the side next time so i could control the amount that i use.  My meal was $10.00, more than what you would spend at In and Out across the parking lot, but I'm more than willing to spend the couple extra bucks at a local restaurant  that offers me a healthier alternative to typical fast food.
1	This very well could be Pita Heaven but instead it was Dolma Hell!They were canned and dreadful.That is all.1 star based solely on the Dolma.
4	Stopped in here for lunch the other day and got the Pork Souvlaki Pita. It was pretty darn good. Everything was very fresh and flavorful. I was glad I didn't get the fries too because the sandwich was pretty big and filling. I was checking out what other people were getting and the salads looked really good. I will be coming back again. It got pretty packed by the time I left so before 12:00 for lunch is recommended.
4	Is this heaven?... no, it's Chandler.  This small counter-style restaurant in a strip mall is a solid choice for lunch.I've had the gyro and the Greek salad here before, but today I stepped it up for the gyro platter.  It was outstanding.  For $9, I got food served to me on 3 different plates.  There was a generous portion of gyro meat, and french fries served with sliced tomatoes & onions and tzatziki.  Then, there was separate side greek salad and a pita.  That's a lot to review.The gyro meat was about what you'd expect.  At least it looks legit because they cut it from one of those giant meat cylinders.  The french fries were fantastic, thick cut but crispy with a seasoning salt on them.  The tzatziki was thicky and lumpy, with a strong dill flavor (and I mean all of that as a compliment.  It was good stuff.)  The salad was crisp and fresh with an acidic Greek dressing and some feta cheese.  It was mostly lettuce, but there was tomato, onion, and a single olive & pepperoccini to make it a nice presentation.  And finally, the pita was grilled warm and toasty, as it should be at a place named Pita Heaven.I ate my entire salad, and about half of the rest.  $9 is a little pricey for lunch, but not when you make two meals out of it.  There is a large menu, but I've never strayed from the Mediterranean choices.  If you like Chicago hot dogs or beef sandwiches, they've got you covered.  If you're on a health kick, the Greek salad with chicken is a healthy, but satisfying option.
4	We had two gyro's and a chicken hummus. The gyros were great - both in taste and value priced. Their tzatziki had great favor but was a little on the thin side, I prefer a thicker sauce. The chicken was well cooked but the hummus was bland. Overall, I'll go back to try more items and have another gyro.
4	YUM.
5	Food here is great I'm from Chicago and there beef is better than Al's Beef
4	I've only had the Gyro and salad here but it is done so well that I cannot think of anything else to get, I stand at the line and look at other options knowing I should make that attempt to go outside my norm but the pita always wins. Great Gyro, large portions of lamb, a must stop when you are in the area. So this ratings is for the Gyro and Sald only.
1	First things first, they are not Greek. Ok I too have given this place more than one chance. First visit was ok. Met the owner and was excited they were there. I work in the area. Second visit I encouraged other employees to try the food. I called and asked if we could give them our order the day before so it would be ready before lunch crowd. No?. One of the rude girls there said no you have to call the day of the pick up? So we called in our orders all nine of them as soon as they opened. When we got there we had to stand in line with people who were placing orders-12 of them. Ok our food sat there for over 30 minutes that we knew of.Friday evening at 7:55 I called and asked what time they closed and one of those girls told me 9:00pm.  I drove 12 miles back to the area. When I arrived at 8:45 pm, I assume the same girl I had spoken with earlier said we decided to close early tonight. Thats enough for me.  The owner needs to send his girls to charm school and they need to know customers aren't coming in because of them.
3	The food is good but the service is horrible I had my oder messed up so many times that I stopped going. The owner needs to teach his girls  some people skills as they need to know customers aren't coming in because of them.
5	Service was fast since the place wasn't busy.  The gyros was amazing (probably the best in the valley). I also had the hummus and pita bread as an appetizer and it was traditional Middle Eastern food...again delicious.
5	Just went here for lunch and this place rocks. the meat was soooo GOOD and they had some of the softest & freash Fata cheese i have ever had!
4	I like the food, especially the Gyro meat with tzaziki sauce This place is really good. I'm not a fan of their fries though.
4	Gyro fully stuffed and sauce were GREAT! Couldn't even finish it.
4	Love their gyro pita w/fries. Friendly, quick service, good food. The only gripe I have -- they don't offer a hummus AND tubuli plate. Its 1 order of hummus for 5.00 & 1 order of tubuli for 5.00
3	Being a Chicago native, I have high expectations for anything that has Chicago written on it(ask Rosatti's)Of course, I ordered the Chicago style dog.  Not bad!  Not 'slap yo' momma' good, but  until I find something better, which I will keep searching, this is a good start.
5	Every time I've been to Pita Heaven I have thoroughly enjoyed my chicken pita. Presentation is great and ready within minutes. The staff is friendly and the decor looks better and better every time I go in. Having a small non chain business is hard and I recognize the enhancements. Great work! I will be returning often :)
5	Gyros look awesome $7.50 combo meal!
5	Awesome awesome place! I had heard such good reviews and it totally lived up to them! Definitely recommend! And the staff was sooooo awesome! Such great customer service for sure!
4	Always enjoy the gyros here, everything tastes fresh and the staff are friendly and helpful.
2	The food was ok. I thought it was expensive for lunch $8. I'd rather drive mile down the road and pay $2-3 less and have the same quality.
4	This place appears to be one step above fast-food.  You place your order, then sit down and they bring it to you in about 5-10 minutes.  The food appears to be fresh.Their menu is interesting because it combines Greek/Mediterranean with "Chicago" foods.  Thus you can order shwarma or a gyro or a big fat burger or an Italian beef sub, etc.We had their Mediterranean food.  Ordered was a Greek chicken salad, a shwarma plate, and a souvlaki plate.  All were very good.  The portions were good, the flavor was good, and it seemed very fresh.  The prices were reasonable, too.I might have liked a bit more seasoning, but that's really a minor nit-pick.  I might give only 3.5 stars for that, but since I can't, and since the food was hot and fresh, I'll round this review UP to 4 stars.  For what this place is they are very good.  For a quick meal that is hot, fresh, and not the usual fast food, this is a good choice.
4	Pita Heaven is literally my heaven. I have only ever eaten the chicago gyros, but they are d.i.v.i.ne. The perfect mix of grease + quality lamb. I have been to other places where the gyros seem to be a little too roasted, or seasoned, or "quality," but the lamb here did not taste like anything out of the ordinary. I often call in my order, and they have it ready within 5 minutes. THeir fountain drinks are also MASSIVE and STYROFOAM. The only reason I didn't give Pita Heaven 5 stars is because I am stingy with my 5's and have a hard time giving one to a "not-so-fast fast food" place. But between you and me, it is a 4.75.
4	The meat was excellent.  The pitas were soft and warm.  Only complaint was the hummus.  WAY to garlicky.  I love garlic but this was a bit too much for me.  Would still highly recommend...
4	Nice crisp salad with my Gyro. Loved the dressing!! Pleasantly surprised with the quality of the food and the great staff.
5	My hubby and I decided to try something new, so he suggested this place. Said a bunch of his co-workers go there and he always wanted to try. He had the philly cheesesteak with fries ..... very tasty and the fries were very good just a tad cold... I had the chicago gyro with a side greek salad.... soooooooo yummy the meat was seasoned just right and soooo much of it ... i had to give some to my hubsters :) very good and will be back .... extra plus is 2 miles from my house!!
4	They close at 8!!!! So mad. Food is good though so ill still rate high basedOn that.
4	Had the 2 for $20 meals to go.  Chose the Gyro and Chicken Skewers.  You get a hummus, salad, entre and pita.  The food was hot and tasted good.  The restaurant is clean and the service friendly.  I would recommend this place for anyone looking for a quick bite to eat.  I wish they gave you more than 1 pita though, make sure you order an extra (if not 2).  Thank you Pita Heaven
3	good Gyros, ok fries. burgers are typical and good, but the cheese was awful!  i could definitely come back for the gyros. nice place! a good friendly service
3	This was my family's first time in. We spent 55 for a family of four. Showed up at 8:15..closes at 9. AFTER we paid and sat down we were told they only had rice for one plate.  Disappointment at that moment.  Food was okay..chicken somewhat bland. Would not go back.
1	Due to there being no option for zero stars I suppose 1 will have to do.  Don't waste your time or money on these scam artists.  The food is in no way close to heavenly and the staff there is rude and un-apologetic when you point out they screwed up your order.  Do yourself a favor and avoid this place at all costs.
5	My co-workers and I come here 2-3 times a month. We absolutely love it.
4	Food was decent; flavorful. My son LOVED it here. Pricing is a little high however the "plates" are big! Will come back again
5	My wife and I stopped by for the very first time and the food was freakin' awesome! They also do catering which btw all 30 guests of ours absolutely loved it and kept saying and asking "this is so good, where is this from?"
5	At most places I order the same thing each time I go. Here I order something different each time. It never disappoints! The service is great and they don't seem to be bothered that sometimes it takes me literally 5-10 minutes to decide what I want. Next on my list to try will be the dolmada. That will be the true test!
1	Food is good...if they get your order correct which they rarely do any longer. Last time they forgot my tzatziki sauce on my gyro, are you kidding me??? Watch out for health violations, girls empty trash then wipe down tables and put together to go orders without washing hands. Used to love this place, really went downhill.
4	Pita Heaven has some delicious lamb gyros.  Get the combo because the fries are perfect and the cola goes well with the food.  Don't think, just go!1 star deduction--price and the fact that it's not my favorite place in the entire world.
4	I stopped in for a yummy steak gyro lunch.  It was loaded with meat and the tzatziki was fresh and tasty.  The fries were pretty good, too.  I will be coming back to try more of the menu!
3	This place is good, but I've definitely had better. I got my usual Greek salad with gyro on top and it was mediocre at best. The dressing was yummy and the ingredients were fresh, but it was missing something I can't put my finger on. This place has no ambiance, but the staff is friendly and the prices aren't steep. Overall, if you're dying and need Greek now, might as well give this place a try. Not the best, not the worst, but it gets the job done.
4	They close at 8 pm on Saturday . Call prior to going there these times are not correct. Food is good and fresh the French fries are almost as good as in n out.
5	They have a chicken pita that is amazing!!!! The fries are very good too! I crave this place all the time! Yum!
4	This place is pretty good.  I've been here a few times. The gyros are good.  It's basically average quality and tastiness of food compared to other pita places around this area. Its very clean. Staff is friendly.
2	I've been to Pita Heaven several times & have had good experiences, but my most recent visit will be my last. The cashier Andrina had an attitude with me when I tried asking a few questions about the menu & was anything but helpful. In my opinion, their  menu is over priced for the amount of food you receive. There are plenty of other Greek restaurants in the Chandler area & I'll be happy to spend my money elsewhere.
3	Pita Heaven is your average  Pita joint.Gyros are good, not as meaty as other places but for the pice they are good.Not aure what the chicago gyro really is vs a gyro, but its all good.Recommend it for a quick lunch,.
5	Very fresh, made to order food. No leftovers served here! How many times have you ordered a salad and been served old, brown, yucky lettuce? Too many times for this gal to count and thankfully, you won't find that wilty stuff here. And I did notice two A ratings from the food health board, so people, go eat there and support a local business in Chandler. My family will definitely be back! Yum! If that's not enough for you, my 19 yr old son ordered a pita sandiwch type thing. He scarfed it down in no time and was up at the counter ordering another one. Enough said!
3	This place is good, but....I only wish that the new girl Adrianna granted the mall discount for near by business employees :(
5	The gyro was soooo good. I love that they are from Chicago, and referred to fountain drinks as POP! I am going to be honest, the cheese sauce for their fries, was better than Portillo's. I was not disappointed in the least. I cant wait to go back there and try some more items. I ordered the Gyro, and Cheese fries, and the lamb was tender and it was actually cooked how it is supposed to be, they cut it in front of you. I was very pleased.
1	Over priced and not that tasty! Sassy cashier that would rather watch the tv. Pita Pit is way better!
3	The food is great, we take out at least once a week. The cashier girl gave me attitude when I told her the food took longer than the 10 min, in fact it took double the time. Heck, she couldn't even offer an apology all she could say is "yeah". I won't be getting take out as much since I'm not a valued customer.
4	I ate lunch here yesterday, and it was fantastic. I don't know what all is in their meat marinades, but they have a little extra something that I haven't tasted at any other Greek restaurant. Their meats are SO flavorful and delicious. I got the Mediterranean chicken salad, my mom had a beef gyro sandwich, and we got an order of dolmas. It was a little bit pricey, but the food was really good. I will be back.
3	First time here and ordered chicken schwarma wrap and falafel. It wasn't the worst I've ever had, but didn't feel like there was enough flavor in the chicken to get me hooked. I'm not a falafel expert but this one had a lot of parsley so there was a strong bitter and grassy flavor.
4	Pita Heaven is one of my favorite places to visit for lunch. I've been coming here for a couple of years now and the food here is really good.My usual go-to is the Chicago Gyro. Lot's of meat and tzatziki sauce to satisfy most critics. The Chicken Pita is something on my "need to try list", but every time I come back here, somehow I end up ordering the Chicago Gyro again. The greek salads and french fries here are also good.I'm disappointed to tell you that their Chicago dog is no longer on the menu (please update the website, guys!). This was another one of my favorites, and since there are not too many Chi-town places around, it makes it a little more difficult to satisfy that craving for a Chicago tradition.What surprised me was their Italian Beef sandwich. The meat was flavorful, moist, came with giardiniera and some au jus on the side for dipping. I'm picky when it comes to food from my hometown, and not too many places can crank out a good italian beef sandwich. I would probably rank this one second behind Portillo's.Service here is good, the staff is friendly. This is a great place to grab a quick lunch and some great food. They get busy at times, and the background music sometimes makes me feel like I'm somewhere in a foreign land - a nice escape from work! I will definitely be back!
