5	Great hotel for the price.  Good free breakfast. Free parking.  Free WiFi and free happy hour.  Good place for pets as well...lots of grass to take care of the business.  Great location as it is directly across from the Northlake Mall...
5	I'm torn to give this a 4.5 star rating but Yelp does not allow me to do so, so I will just give them the 5 and be done with it. I was here for a week long business trip and definitely enjoyed my stay here. The beds were comfortable and the rooms were well kept. The rooms they offer are spacious and provide more then enough room to walk around, stretch your legs and get comfortable. They provide you with a generously sized flat screen TV and offer free WIFI to all patrons, with no password. They also have a small business office which you can use as well. The one thing I did like was that they also offered a "kick-back" between 5:30-7 which provids you with a 3 free alcoholic drinks and food (usually salads, chicken of a sort, taco meat/nachos, hotdogs, and mac n cheese. They also provide a breakfast which is decent as well. The work out center is strictly cardio but the machines were pretty new and well kept, and they had a nice pool and hot tub as well. I did not like the fact that they didn't have room service, but I guess I can't complain too much cause they do offer a lot of things that are included. The staff were very helpful when asked what there is to do around the area, and also can provide you a printed list of things.The laundry room consisted of a single washing and drying unit, which I thought was lacking considering it was the only one offered to all the guests of the building. The one thing I really appreciated though was that after I did my laundry, the staff offered me a recipt on a printed piece of paper so I could submit it on my expense report.The hotel is also in a great location because it is right next to a boatload of businesses including a shopping mall, and 2-4 other strip malls in a very short vicinity (one is walkable).  Very well kept, and very nice staff and in a great location. I would highly recommend the stay here if you are in the Charlotte area.
5	For the money you know you're not staying at a 1st class hotel, but at that price point they give you more than any place I have ever stayed.  Happy Hour with food and cocktails?  At $300- per night hotels you do not get that.  I will never stay anywhere else in Charlotte.  The rooms were clean, staff was friendly we loved the pool, the happy hour and breakfast.  Dollar for dollar you will not find a place that good.  Loved it!
5	As good as it gets. Great rate and value for the money. My room was clean, bed confrontable facilities clean and to boot,  decent  breakfast and evening snack enough to count as a meal.  Stayed here for a week and would stay here again.
5	This is our second time staying here. Customer service is as good as it gets here. All the staff have been fantastic. We stayed in one of the suites. It is very large with a kitchenette and two queen beds. The room was very clean with to larger flat screen TV's that have a fairly good channel selection (including HBO). Good wifi reception. Dinner comes included with two alcoholic beverages per adult. The meal is nothing fancy but hits the spot without leaving the hotel. I really like this place and highly recommend it!
5	We chose this hotel based on the reviews and we were not disappointed. This is not a resort, it's a very nice hotel situated between the highway and a mall. I wouldn't recommend it for a weeklong family getaway, unless you had plans to do a lot of things outside of the hotel. This is a great place to explore Charlotte and the surrounding areas from and to have a nice place to come "home" to at the end of the day. We missed the "happy hour," so  can't say whether it is good or bad. We arrived after 7, tired from a long day on the road. Check in was very fast and we proceeded to our room. When we arrived upstairs, our room smelled of cigarette smoke. These are supposed to be no smoking rooms, so my husband went downstairs and got us a new room on the same floor, no problem.  We had trouble with the key time and my husband returned downstairs. The receptionist returned with him and opened the door for us, very pleasant and smiling the entire time. My husband had said to me, after he initially checked in  that these are the nicest people and that was my impression as well. Our room was beautiful and very clean, my first impression was that they had been recently renovated. Ends up the hotel was built in 2008, so nothing has had a chance to get dated. The bathroom was large and clean. The beds were very comfortable and I loved the pillows. We had the breakfast the next day and it was what you would expect from a free hotel breakfast. Good food, with both hot and cold options. We were very impressed with our stay here and would definitely recommend this hotel to anyone staying in the Charlotte area. The great price is a bonus!
5	This is perhaps the easiest five-star review I've written on Yelp yet. The Drury Inn at Northlake was the nicest hotel I've ever had the pleasure of staying in. For the service and quality of comfort I received, I feel like I should have paid twice what my actual bill was. The rooms are spot-on clean and tidy. The king size bed was very comfortable. My suite had TWO televisions, a microwave and refrigerator. As to the bathroom - it was phenomenal. I can't tell you enough how CLEAN and UPSCALE this hotel was. As to the service, it was well worth beyond anything I've ever received at any other hotel. I took advantage of their 5:30 Kickback, which affords you dinner and two adult beverages as part of your stay. The dinner was simple, tasty and filling. Just eating dinner on site at the hotel saved me money. The next morning, their Quickstart Continental Breakfast was perfect. They had practically every type of breakfast food imaginable available for you. This is also included in your stay at no extra charge. BAM! That's another meal I didn't have to go out and pay for.  I was just shocked (in a good way) at how well the Drury Inn caters to its guests. I will definitely be back the next time I'm in Charlotte. I won't even consider staying anywhere else.
5	Stayed at Drury Inn at Northlake Mall on April 12th. First time at a Drury Inn and was very impressed with this location. Staff very friendly and helpful, of particular note with Lola at check in and Amanda in the bar. Very busy location on April 12 with lots of kids for a dancing competition, but room was well appointed and quiet. Will return.
5	This was our first time ever staying at Drury Inn and Suites, we will be back!! Found a hidden gem through a online hotel booking site. Room was very nice, beds were comfortable, free wifi, and the meals included helped us save money on the trip. The Kick back was at 5:30-7pm and actually was enough for us for dinner. Mac and cheese, chili, hot dogs, baked potatoes, chips, salad, and soda, coffee and 2 free adult beverages per person at check in. Breakfast was good too with eggs, waffles, bagels, oatmeal, biscuits and gravy, yogurt and coffee, tea, juice and soda.Loved it so much we are joining the rewards club. Will definitely look for a Drury on our next travel outing.
5	So this place is pretty awesome if you are stopping by when moving cross country. My husband, dog, and I stopped here from a long drive from Albany, GA and it was not bad at all. They tend to have happy hr where they feed you (mainly  meat balls, mac and cheese, baked potato... nothing too fancy) and two alcoholic drinks. So that was a great way to finish up our long day of driving. They also allow pets, which was a BIG plus for us! Their pet fee was only $10, which was something I was gladly willing to part with. Their parking lot was very safe, oh and did I mention they have free breakfast?Their rooms were roomy, clean, and had free internet, Oh and if you are bored, the movie theater is less than a mile away and it is located right at the foot of a pretty nice mall. If for some reason I am back in that neck of the woods, you can bet that I will be staying here again! Five stars!!!
5	southern hospitality at it's best.  staff was friendly and helpful. room was clean, quiet and well maintained.spent a week here on business.  all the free amenities!
5	My family and I stayed here while traveling cross country, and I'd have to say it was a great choice.  We booked a suite and it was perfectly sized, with plenty of room for my toddler to play.  As for the room, the beds are pretty comfy and I slept great during my stay.  Also, the ladies who work the breakfast buffet in the morning are very pleasant and hospitable. In fact, the entire staff seems pleasant which is wonderful after a long day of traveling.We'd stay here again! :-)
5	This is a truly fabulous hotel! For the money it must be the best deal out there. For our $150 we got a beautiful, spacious, and clean room. Also, Free breakfast and cocktail reception. They also give you free popcorn and sodas for your movie night in your room. The place has an indoor/outdoor pool and a hot tub. And their pet fee is only $10 per night. I honestly don't know how this place stays in business based on what it must cost to provide all of these services and amenities for free. Even the Wi-Fi is super fast and free. The staff was very nice and friendly to us and our bulldog. Oh, and the bed is deliciously comfortable. It's like you're staying in Ritz Carlton for a third of the price.
5	This is my new favorite place to stay!!  ALL of the staff are awesome! So friendly and helpful !  Making reservations for next year!!
5	Excellent place to stay. The staff was helpful and friendly. Gave us military discount. HBO, popcorn and soda included. Indoor pool and  free breakfast. Wifi included.
