5	One of my favorite stores.  Very lovely garden and home decorations where I always find something for gifts.  Beautiful Asian influenced pieces, Italian dinnerware, and just that extra little something for that perfect spot in the garden.  Kind of one of those places I have to look through and enjoy, even if I don't buy... though I usually do walk out with a little something.
5	Fantastic place to get unique and pretty gifts.  Small but worth the trip.  Take a look!
5	Everytime I visit the Conservatory I always stop by the Giardini Garden Store to check out the scented candles and reeds and it just smells soo GOOD!!But it's not cheap! =\One section of the store is the home fragrance and the other is the home decor that is very expensive that can range from below $100 to over $1,000's!! It's nice to just walk around and take a peek of what new products and scents they have. They offer store discounts to Mlife members and you can charge purchases to the room to help build tier credits.
4	We always make Giardini Garden Store a stop when visiting Belagio & can't seem to ever walk out of there empty-handedLast year, got the cutest MacKenzie Childs checkered christmas tree plate & another MC bunny ornament.This year, found an adorable enameled Honey Bee ornament.  Each of the sections of the bee moved separately so it looked like the bee was completely mobile & actually moving in real life.  Very cute!They sell all  kinds of cool & unique things - potpourri, table fans shaped like animals, fridge magnet pads ( we got a Hummingbird one for Mom this yr ), all kinds of holiday ornaments, any knick knack you can think of, these people probably have itRight beside the Chihuly Store & around the corner from Jean Phillippe's World Record-setting chocolate fountain, this little gem of a shop is worth a visit
5	Very unique store where you should definitely stop by.You'll find souvenir at this store that resembles the Bellagio garden.  Everything is somewhat unique and seems like a good fit in your backyard to make it Bellagio garden like.Unlike Wynn, the prices are VERY affordable too.  At the Wynn store, you may find something cool, but then it ends up being $500-$200000 (yes $200000).  At the Giardini store, things run around $10-500.The worker (I believe Esteban?, sorry he was a bigger older gentlemen) )was extremely friendly and literally spent 3 minutes wrapping my statue very carefully.My frog has made it home safely.
