5	Had the pleasure of stopping by the other day right before their soft opening to catch the crew in the middle of training. The space looked great! I'm so happy they're doing something positive with the John E. Carson building. A little concerned with how they're able to offer fresh cold-pressed juice on the go, home made ice cream, smoothies, AND soups in such a limited space, but I have absolute faith in them. I got to meet Shane & Nichole (owners). It's nice to be around people who are passionate about what they do on top of being absolutely knowledgeable as well. They pass that same energy down to their employees, which makes me excited and confident to be a customer there. Especially since all their ingredients are organic and mostly sourced locally.Shane made me the Dirty Chai smoothie out of the most obscure ingredients. I was definitely unconfident of how the beverage would turn out as I watched him toss things like cabbage, ginger, pumpkin, coffee beans, and wheatgrass among a bevy of other ingredients into the VitaMix. However, all my concerns were demolished once I took my first sip. My first thoughts were, "WHAT KIND OF SORCERY IS THIS?!" Immediately followed by, "Must. Have. More." Needless to say, that smoothie was inhaled swiftly without remorse. My only gripe with this place is how far they are from my home, and how early they close. Being a night owl is not conducive to my need for delicious & healthy items that I have to drive across town for before 3pm. BUT... That won't stop me from trying!
5	This place is awesome and has become a daily tradition. Get the holy grail, add super foods, and thank me later. Shane the owner knows what he's doing when it comes to juice and no place in Nevada does it better than he they do.
5	OMG! Finally. A juice bar that serves fresh REAL LIVE fruits and veggies......((((((NOTE: this is not your ordinary mall, chain, frozen sweetened fruits from unknown origins-smoothie bar that serve frozen sweetened colored pre mashed yucky stuff.))))This is the REAL DEAL in VEGAS! Beyond Organic!!!( California TOP SHELF fruit that the Chefs use on the strip at the top restaurants- From Carrie Klasby (sp?) the intuitive forager.(TIP: Downtown 3rd street farmers market on Fridays FYI )This is the real deal. Real fresh fruit and vegetables from farms and farmers that aresourced and brought here directly! When you step into the shop you are immediately greeted with an assortment of the most colorful tasty fruits and vegetables found in Vegas. So many choices,  including soups!!!I had the holy grail, and it filled my tummy and made me feel good after a workout. They have an extensive menu- so I will have try them all!!!TIP: I would call ahead and have your order waiting for pick up...( I haven't tried this yet but the space is tight so this may be a solution to the space issue)nomnomnomnom
5	Where a similarly located John E. Carson shop insists on too much filling to cover a lack of basic flavor structuring, Grass Roots is entirely the opposite. Each juice starts with the basics that will give you an appealing color, a pleasant texture, and for all its complexity, you'll have no idea just how many greens and other healthy things are blended into your cup. Basically, your juice will be sweet and tangy and smooth all over. And yet there is SO much STUFF in the juices, smoothies, and soups that you can order off the menu, or you can work with the juicers to craft something all your own. It's certainly more magical to watch Shane Stuart and his team concoct colorful juices with your taste buds in mind than it is to select a few veggies for a "build-your own" sandwich. Of all the places I will miss in Vegas when I move east soon, newcomer Grass Roots is certainly in the top three. Even more than my work friends who inevitably end up here after nearly every team meeting, I am viciously jealous of children in Las Vegas who have Grass Roots juices to look forward to after braces-tightenings. As young teens, my brother and I shared those torturous braces years. Our mother, fretting that her growing children couldn't get nearly enough nutrients for the week or more following a painful tightening, kept weird-tasting, canned nutrition drinks on hand at all times. I remember surviving, barely, on those for a week or two at a time. It certainly helps that Shane can hide kale, cabbage, and just about any other green or veggie in the drinks and you'd be none the wiser. Seriously, kids with braces, I hate you so much right now. No matter that I am freakin' lovin' my juice right now.But as an adult, there are other times when juices and smoothies are a solution to the inability to eat solids. Grief from a loss, and other additive stresses has lately warped my ability to feel hungry or very much interest in eating. Food, especially anything I would cook myself, simply hasn't appealed to me. However, where solids aren't enticing, Grass Roots is not only helping me put something meaningful into my body, but I'm actually recharged and calmer after a Mint Capigreeno or a Ginger in the Grass. As I treat my body well, my mind finds more normality too. While enjoying the wait for my juice, I've met some others who have similarly found that where sadness or stress has eliminated their desire to eat solid foods, Grass Roots is doing more than feeding them; it's helping to heal them. The wonderful community that presses into the popular, small juice bar at all times of the day is a great addition to the therapy as well.  Everyone wants to know what's hidden in your juice, and you KNOW you're equally as curious. Go ahead, ask them. They want to tell you, and they're going to give you such a long list that by the time they finish, and you're listing out what is in your cup, you'll be fast friends. Don't forget to tip your concocters.
5	Can't get anymore unique, fresh, and delightful for your body and soul!! Love this place, it's on the best block in town! Shane and all of his right hands are incredible and have a heart of gold! Thanks again!
5	Well done!  A great addition to the Las Vegas valley.  My wife and I ordered two juices each and thought they were excellent.  Great pride of ownership and a friendly helpful staff.  Can't wait to go back.
5	I love their tortilla soup and I usually hate tortilla soup! The cheese soup is great too! I wish it wasn't so hot so I can have more soup!!!The tropical basil smoothie is great and so is the aloe cucumber, wasn't crazy about the beet one with coffee beans. There's a green smoothie that's good too, but can't remember the name :(It's a little crowded in there and sometimes it takes 20 mins to get a smoothie so put lots of change in the meters.
5	On a road trip from San Diego to Denver and yelped this little gem!  SO delicious!!! It's hard to stay feeling healthy while on a road trip and rest assured thanks to YELP and Grass Roots we are able to do so!I believe her name was Kim, cousin to the owner.  She was SO kind and knowledgable.  She asked us what we liked and offered some suggestions on the menu, as well as told us we can customize our juice.  She made it very easy and never rushed us, which made it all that more comfortable.  and the juice is SO delicious!
3	With three women behind the counter, it was odd that I wasn't greeted or addressed in any way for a few minutes. And when I was, it was with a blunt, "What do you want to order?" from a blonde with BRF (bitchy resting face).Went with the beetaccino recommended by Elizabeth B. Beautiful color with some chunks of coffee bean crumbles, but flavor didn't wow me. For $11, it should- everything at Juice Standard does, and they actually smile. Service was friendlier to a regular who walked in and striked up conversation with the girls working. They responded pleasantly enough, and it was cool to watch an aloe vera drink being prepared, but the three other (non-regular?) customers were treated as I was, with the bare minimum of eye contact, conversation and service.My drink was plopped on the counter and Blondie walked away without saying a word. I called out a bright, "thanks!" as I picked it up and was treated to a smirk. I added a "have a nice day?" for good measure, and got a reluctant, "yeah you too."Wish I could take back my cash tip.TIP: Location is tiny and setup is odd. Be careful walking in, as the ordering counter is literally RIGHT inside the door and you might trample someone. Or just end up standing in the doorway awkwardly.
5	This place rocked my world. Having to be here in the heat; it was a perfect on the go breakfast to keep me revved all morning long for a tradeshow. Nicole and the team were awesome. Holy grail and Ginger in the Grass were my faves. I'll be back in Sept. Can't wait!
5	I'm just trying to stick to my roots, my grass roots that is. I'm a big fan of downtown and I'm also a big fan of delicious smoothies, and wouldn't you know, this place fits nicely in the middle of that Venn diagram. The drinks here are incredible, everything is fresh made right in front of you and all super healthy. The menu items are all different mixes. I was able to try the strawberry melon, which is nice and cool but I absolutely loved the smoothie bowl. I don't know if it's a common item because this the first place I tried it, but it's a smoothie in bowl form topped with whatever fruit or granola you choose. That right there made me a super fan I've actually ended up talking with the staff. They were super friendly and outgoing and Shane was very personable and answered any and all questions about the menuThe only slight negative is that the inside is a bit small, so I could see it being uncomfortable if there's a lot of people ordering, but it's also next to a courtyard that you can relax at. As a  denizen of downtown I certainly welcome the addition
5	Great juice bar, the staff was helpful and friendly. It's very convenient for me since it's literally right around the corner from my work. I've only been there 2 times and I've tried 2 different juices both were great and tasted really good!!
5	The dirty chai is the single greatest smoothie I have ever had in my life. And I've had a lot of smoothies. This place is amazing. I've been talking about it for weeks. Found it on Yelp when I was driving through Vegas, on my way to Utah for work. Can not say enough about it. Great staff, gorgeous place, delicious smoothie!!! Thank you Grass Roots!
5	About f-ing time DownTown got a real juice spot! I have been waiting for one of these for years. A couple have popped up here and there DT but didn't quite mimic what I wanted. I wanted something more like Greens and Proteins with a mix of Whole Foods and I got it. Pros: - From what I understand, everything is organic. And they have an array of vegetables/mixtures/and fruits...like yellow watermelon? Damn good.- The juice and smoothies have a right blend of enough greens but not too much to taste like grass and not too much fruit where you start wondering how could this be healthy. The perfect balance.- Unlike some of the other posters I actually had a great customer service experience my first time. A blonde woman helped me pick my order, let me try a couple of samples, and was actually another reason why I came back. However, on my fourth or fifth visit, there was an older brown haired lady who was a little sassy and I don't mean fun sassy like Blanche from Golden Girls, but just sassy.Cons: - Closes early and not open when I need it the most aka drunk and want to be healthy.- It's tiny in there, so if more than five people are waiting for juice, be prepared to wait outside or in the building where you can chat up random people from different shops like bikram yoga.- It's still downtown so I've had a couple bums ask me to buy them a juice. Not really a con it was just random, I've had a bum ask for cigarettes, money, and alcohol but never a juice. Guess  they need their nutrients too since they're outside all day, makes sense.
5	This place is awesome, especially since they are all organic! Grass Roots never lets me down. The staff is always friendly and quick.  The drinks are always good too. Today I ordered Ginger in the Grass and this may be my new favorite drink. I also ordered the Tortilla Soup, which is definitely one of the best tortilla soups that I have had.
5	First time going here and it's absolutely uhhhmazing! The staff is beyond friendly and super helpful. I will definitely be going back very soon. A must try while downtown.
5	Healthy never tasted so good! The tortilla soup is unbelievably delicious. I questioned how it was going to taste seeing all the various ingredients being put into the blender - I wish I could eat it every day! The chocolate peanut butter smoothie was fantastic too. Shane and staff have a friendly, positive vibe. I'll be stopping by often because now I want to try all the other interesting drinks!
5	The YUMMIEST healthy juice and smoothie creations! I've been here about 4 times. Two of the times were on one day...that's how good! Very nice people! So happy it's here by me and can't wait to try everything on the menu. Cucumber miso soup is great and was nice to have while I had a cold. Fav drink so far is the Dirty chai (without coffee beans). Very filling as well and packed with nutrients,
5	It's about time Vegas had this type of option available off strip! Great for a mid day energy boost. I'll be back for sure.
5	The chocolate peanut butter smoothie is out of this world.  And the staff is extremely nice and accomodating.  Excellent.
5	The dirty chai is delish! I would recommend calling your order in, since they make it right there, small spot but everything looked super fresh and Everyone super nice. This will be my go to lunch juice from now on. Love it
5	It tastes like home! Moving to Vegas from Portland was a bit of a shock, especially in the fresh/organic/farmers market department. But not at Grass Roots Juice Bar! The juice is fabulous, I got "The Holy Grail" green juice-delicious, and the staff was very knowledgable and friendly. All of their produce is certified organic and purchased from local farmers. I like that a lot! The bar is small, but very clean and the staff whipped my juice up in a jiffy! It wasn't busy when I was there, but I arrived right at opening. There aren't any places to sit inside, so plan on just grab and go. This place is a must try and I will definitely be back!
4	would be five but one of the girls can improve her customer service skills. seems to be consistent in other reviews.
5	So lucky to have this place so close to where I work. I could probably eat a gallon of the broccoli "cheese" soup. It's so good I can't believe it's vegan. The staff are also very nice. Can't wait to come back here.
5	This place has amazing smoothies! Shane's passion is evident in the creations he has made! My favorite is the dirty chai!
5	Darn good smoothies, yogurt cups, ice cream, juice drinks! Located in the newly renovated Carson hotel on the corner of 6th and Carson this place is a Jem! Glad there are healthy options now for lunch instead of comfort heavy food. I tried - Holy Grail of Greens and the Dirty Chai smoothie... Both are DELISH!
5	Love it!  Everything is packed with nutrients and tastes even more amazing!  Great ratios!
5	A downtown gem! When you work downtown and you're limited with choices in healthy decisions to find a place like Grass Roots is a blessing.  Small but quant and helpful staff. Wishing this place a long lasting stay in downtown Vegas. My holy alkaline is amazing and my co-workers watermelon mint with super berry boost in both were a juicing persons dream.
3	Amazing drinks but horrible customer service! And watch how they make the drinks - I ordered a kids smoothie for my son and they did not put the kale and spinach in the drink like it says on the menu. When I asked her to do so she had a slight attitude like I was bothering her. Her response - kids didn't like the kale and spinach in the drink so we have been making it without it - really? Then change the menu!
5	Hands down the best juice I've ever had!  Refreshing and full of flavor and cold!  They cold press and blend with ice I believe. They have whole food juices, smoothies, caffeine and greens, soups, smoothie bowls and vegan ice creams. I got the Ginger in the Grass Juice, totally kick ass!  Green Grapes, Ginger, Spinach, Pineapple, Lime, Tangerine and Wheatgrass. All of the drinks come in 24 oz. so it's a lot for me. But it's worth it, and a good price compared to other juice bars. You should go, you'll love it!
5	Grass roots saved us!  During Life Is Beautiful we discovered this gem and began each morning with a fresh healthy start!  Bud and vine, ginger, chocolate peanut butter...  They're ALL good.
4	Great option right in the middle of downtown, popped in on a weekday holiday morning visit and they kindly split one of their large orders into two for us. Neat place - the mixers are right up at the front and are super loud so it must be jammin when they are busy - it was a bit tough to have a conversation with the staff though.
5	Finding this spot goes down as some of the best luck I have had in Vegas.  Friendly folks and healthy, tasty options...good stuff GrassRoots!!
5	This is a small juice/smoothie/soup bar, and don't let the size or area of town steer you away. This place is a hidden gem! I had been wanting to step in here after I my Bikram classes, unfortunately, they are not open very late (I take evening classes). I had happen to take an early class and was able to try this place out. I ordered their Tortilla Soup, which was amazing!!! I'm so impressed by the freshness and creativeness of this soup. Since almost everything they use is vegan, it was refreshing to be able to have vegan tortilla soup! Best part was it was MADE TO ORDER. They blend everything together right there in front of you even asking how spicy I had wanted it. I will definitely be back in the future to try other items. However, it is a bit expensive so it doesn't have me wanting to come back every day.
5	I absolutely love this place.  The owner Shane knows his sh!t!  I walk in and tell them how I'm feeling and bam, boom! There's a nice healthy drink to get me through the day within minutes sitting in my hand.  I feel great after leaving this place.  Please go there and support this great local business.
5	Amazing whole food juices and smoothies! They also have hot soups that are unbelievably good (and good for you!), all made from raw, organic ingredients! I can't wait to come back to see what new seasonal items they have next!
5	I am obsessed with Grassroots now and my only complaint is that there isn't one within walking distance of my home. Seriously, this place is amazing. Stopped by here on our trek to Fremont Street based on Yelp reviews. It's pretty easy to find, and perfect for a grab-and-go breakfast. I tried the Ginger in the Grass and my guy had the Chocolate Peanut Butter. The employees were very friendly and mixed up our juice and smoothie quickly. I was a little nervous after seeing what went in their juicer/blender, but out came some seriously healthy and delicious magic. I even saw one of the workers taste test the smoothie to make sure the consistency was correct before she passed it along. They obviously care about putting out a great product. Both drinks were twenty-four ounces and filled us up! Prices were steep but I think you get what you pay for with the quality and freshness. We loved the flavors and can't believe they were so good for us, too. I'd wholeheartedly recommend.
5	The most friend environment and people. Their attitude was so wonderful. everything is so healthy and delicious. Shane provided the best customer service to the entire group!
5	Five star, definitely.  Best soup I have ever had and filled with strictly good stuff.  Smoothie bowl was beautiful AND delish.  My husband had the Bar and Vine smoothie.  Amazing.  This will be our new go-to when we visit Vegas.  Good job!
4	Juice joints don't need to be located in big open spaces to sling their wares. This place is no exception in its compact space. Located walking distance from Fremont Street area, around the corner from O Face Doughnuts. Everything is organic here and they try to purchase produce from the local farmers market as often as possible. The prices are comparable to other juice places, but a bit on the higher priced side of the spectrum at $11.
