5	This store made my life much easier ! I went to buy a gift for my wife bd and a girl named Anna helped me find the right makeup and hair products.My wife love this line and I loved the way this girl treat me.If you ever shoppe at the grand canal Venetian you must stop by this store !
2	While shopping at the Canal Shops my mother and I were stopped by a very nice young lady at Brilliance. She had some samples and then had my mom go in for some eye cream sample. After the application her eyes looked great. After hearing about the products my mother decided to think it over as they were a little costly ($550). She was given the full court press to stay and buy right then and there. That is when she became concerned. It almost became uncomfortable. She stood her ground and decided to think it over and possibly come back. After about an hour I looked at her and noticed that her under eye area was chalky white. Every place the sample had been put on was this very off putting white paste like substance. She tried to wash it off in a bathroom but it was like glue. And her eyes looked worse than before. So needless to say she did not go back and buy the product. The whole experience was odd to say the least. Glad she did not spend the cash on a product that would not work for her.
1	Warning. Leave.  This place used high pressure and out right lies to sell the product. Example two year supply apply once a week directions indicate twice daily. Free Facial turned about to be another sales in which they tried to sell me more product.
1	HIGH PRESSURE sales pitch and if you don't buy you are looked down upon and told, "Well, it's your face" as though you are missing out on a nice complexion for not purchasing.  The price went from $399 EACH product to $299 for everything then to $99 for a serum.  Don't be stupid like me and take the sample the girl was handing out ( a TINY packet of lotion or something ) and believe her when she says you will get a FREE facial.  Just keep walking.
1	I wish I could give less than 0 stars.  While walking through the Venetian, my friends and I got the eye "treatment" and were offered the products for $299.  Thankfully, we declined.  Within a couple of hours, all of our eyes were stinging and had some flaky residue.  We went back to our hotel just to wash our faces but the stinging continued.  The next morning, one of my friends had redness and swelling in the area where the product had been applied.  Fortunately, it was cleared up the next day.I can't believe this company is allowed to continue operating its business.
4	So I visited this store although I don't usually go to the venetian. I was Christmas shopping and found this gem. I'm not very good at buying Christmas present for my mom, but the guys at this store were very helpful. The only reason I didn't give them five stars is because of the prices. Any way I bought some amazing anti aging products for my mom. A little expensive but apparently very good products.
1	This place is the biggest scam!They were giving out free samples --- yes, yes, I love samples! They lady was nice at the front door, and asked me and my mum where we were from, and if we were enjoying our trip to Las Vegas...some small talk, some laughing, all good fun. She then invited my mum to to try another eye sample....okay, we have time. why not?We were passed to another lady inside. She applied some eye cream on my mum's eye....yes, it looked good. We said thank you and commented that it was a nice product and we appreciated the time to make my mum look more youthful. She did not engage in the comments we were giving her -- all she said was 'So, will you buy this product?' We said, no unfortunately this is out of our price range....again she asked 'So, what....you wont buy?' Again we kindly said....no thanks, it's very nice, but too much for us to spend currently..thank you. She thew her hands up in the air, and left us sitting in the salon chair. Huh??? who does that? Me and mum just exchanged looks --- Did that just happen? Ok, I guess we will gather our stuff and leave, passing the kind lady at the door who thanked us for stopping in. We left very confused by the opposite personalities of their employees. ALSO: same afternoon I went on gilt.com and bought the SAME product they were pushing at the store for 1200.00 (yes, that's one thousand two hundred!!!) for 65.00!! HAHAHAHA. WOW --- Also some further insight. their 4000.00 face mask is for 69.00 on groupon. Conclusion: RUDE sales lady - outrageous in store prices -- and some online searching will give you a good deal on their products. PLEASE don't pay full price from the store.
1	DO NOT VISIT THIS STORE!I was lured into this store by a sales woman offering a free sample.  I was then offered a product demo which I accepted.  I was impressed by the immediate results of the product and did decide to purchase.  I was highly pressured to continue to buy more and more (the sales person - Josh) wouldn't let up.  I left the store feeling very uncomfortable and uneasy about the experience.  I decided to return the products and was then told of their NO REFUND POLICY.  This was an hour after I left the store!  I was told I'd have to contact customer service and fill out a refund request form, which they immediately denied.  The customer service representative told me that the policy is clearly displayed in store (which it is not - I never saw it) and on the receipt.  It is on the receipt which I only saw post purchase.  The sales associate never disclosed this policy.  Their sales tactics are misleading and unethical.  It was a horrible experience and I do not recommend their products or services at all.  I learned a tough lesson that's for sure!Brilliance New York online offers a 30 day full refund policy.  I have contacted corporate to inform them of the shady business the franchise stores are running and hoping they will help or offer some support.  We shall see...
3	Very pleased with Brilliance New York. I saw great results that my friends and family noticed. I definitely noticed a firming effect. I don't expect wrinkles to vanish but they do not seem as deep and this product certainly gives you a glow. I love this product & will continue to buy it. Not the cheapest product but with the results I am seeing, its  worth the price. They  give you  a demonstration to teach exactly how to use everything.
