2	Normally I wouldn't bother with a fast food joint, but every time I come here my orders are consistently messed up. No matter what day, what time of day or how simple my order is something is always wrong. Today my iced coffee didn't have ice in it. Another time I had to remind them for my change. Always a fail.
1	Seriously I do not know why I bother with this place other than it's the closest fast food to where I live.  So many fails it's unbelievable.  Burgers with no buns, wrong orders, soda without carbonation or taste.  I've even gone far enough to complain to corporate.  Even though they had someone call me about it they actual place didn't seem to improve.   Just skip it.
1	they mess up every time i go unless my order is under 3 bucks, even if its just sweet tea, its straight crappy water.  i called corporate twice, they sent me a coupon which was not even the value of what they made a mistake on.  my name was in the BOOK and the lady behind the counter still wanted my receipt. corporate even said i didnt need one. i understand they get jacked all the time, but dont jack your customers....its a pass
2	McDonald's should never disappoint, but this one certainly will as they are slow as heck and 9 times out of 10, your fries WILL be cold!
1	Starts as good still serving breakfast I'm happy ok. Then the McCafe machine is broke ok screw it I'll just by Starbucks. Next order taken employees shift change and forget to make my food. All I can say is are you kidding me
1	Went there on a Sunday afternoon.  It was only moderately busy. But only one cashier (Jessica Carter) taking orders. She complained that kids in general in restaurant were screaming too loud and that she was too busy to accurately take our orders. Waited more than 20 minutes for our food. The order as placed on tray was incorrect.  A new low in fast food...
1	Terrible service! Staff was too busy chatting with each other . I left with my 2 children after waiting 5 min to place an order. I will never return to this McDonald's ! I will take my business elsewhere and recommend you do the same.
1	Came to this McDonald's a couple of times and tried to order a few drinks and their machine did not work for anything. No hot chocolate no hot mocha no anything. On top of that the lady in the drive thru said it hasn't worked for a couple of months. A multi million dollar company and they can't fix the machines?  Wth? Not coming to this mcd again.  And they are slow 10 mins to get a drink.
