1	So I go into Basha's to grab a couple of coffees before my daughter's soccer game one Saturday morning. First of all, I think it is extremely tacky to be handed a cup and told to "walk over to the ice machine and fill the cup up with ice". Excuse me?? I didn't think ordering coffee was a team-building effort. So, after a brief pause of disbelief, I took the cup and walked over to the soda machine (which was filthy, by the way) and got ice. The woman put so much cream into the iced coffee that it was literally white. On to my cafe mocha. Not hot enough and it tasted like it was regurgitated. The credit card swiper that I used was also filthy. It had crumbs on the the sticky and stained screen. I left feeling pissed, unsatisfied & longing for Starbucks. Never again.
4	With the plethora of grocery options in North Scottsdale, Basha's proves to be a very affordable option. We stop in every once and a while, and find the staff at this location to be very friendly.The Basha's card really helps cut down the price on some items and helps us get great deals, such as Progresso Soups for $1. You can also purchase an inexpensive refillable cup and get refills for less than a dollar. Oh yeah, they have the BEST doughnuts and some pretty good pastries!
4	Maybe I'm the only one, but I really like having the convenience of a grocery store next door to where I work out (One Love Yoga). Even better is that it's Basha's, not AJ's, so the prices are a little lower for the area than most choices.The store is clean, they offer plenty of cold drinks, and the checkers are friendly. It's right off Scottsdale Rd and easy to see. The store front has that same, newer, light cocoa color to the building that is common in N Scottsdale. It looks nice and a little more inviting than some of the older stores in the valley.Free wifi too.
2	Ugh.  Bashas. I went here for the Wells Fargo, which is conveniently located inside. I went over to the deli to grab a quick lunch and was uninspired.  I must say, the latte I ordered from the bakery was pretty good-- so instead of 2 stars I'm going to give Bashas 3 stars.  Here's the deal-- as far as grocery stores are concerned, there is a very large, fancy Fry's nearby and an AJ's.
5	Best breakfast ever! They serve things I have never even heard of like some flip donut with cream cheese. I had a huge bagel and some delish donut and my mouth hit the floor when I paid. I literally thought she only swipped the cream cheese, I did not believe her when my order was under $2.00!! If you have never been there you need to go- ASAP! Thank you checker #201 you made my day! I have never had such a great bagel!!
1	This store is so tired I really avoid going here unless I have to.   Went here all the time until the Fry's opened on Hayden and Thompson peak then business at Basha's dropped about 90% and you can tell.  They often just have one lonely checkout person and I've actually been in the store and been the ONLY person walking around.  Creepy!!Nothing getting updated, store seems dirty and doesn't offer anywhere near the amenities of other stores like Fry's.  I can't believe it is still open.
2	I called this store to ask for their price of milk because it wasn't advertised in their ad this week. As soon as I finished my question the lady on the other end exhales a huge breath of air as if I was the worst thing that could have existed. I hear her ask someone else next to her and the male voice stated he didn't know. She then said she thinks it's $2.98, sighed again, and then said she's going to connect me with the dairy manager.  When I'm transferred a guy picks up the phone, I ask my question and he says "uhhhh, well the Shamrock Farms milk will be on sale next week 40% off. That starts Wednesday"Omg. Why are these people in customer service and who is managing them?!I ended just driving to Fry's which was further (and I was trying to avoid the further drive). Fry's had their milk price advertised but I was hoping if bashas' was cheaper or the same I could go there. I usually get better customer service at this location than at other Bashas' locations but no matter which store I go to, I get the feeling of a struggling business with employees that have been there for awhile and are just there to scan and beep at the register or stock shelves.Honestly, what kind of training do these people get if they can treat people like they don't care!
1	When you can't buy milk or white wine at a grocery store without it being spoiled or turned why would I ever buy meat or seafood?Twice I've bought milk that has been spoiled despite the best before date was weeks away and twice I have bought white wine that's completely skunked. Does your stock just sit on palettes behind the store for hours in the Arizona sun before you attend to it?  Can't understand why the same products are always perfect at frys. It shouldn't be this difficult. Extremely disappointing and kinda gross.
