1	Never go here! These people are swindlers! Tried to charge me $130 to check my check engine light. I called my shop back in my hometown, they said they could check it for free, just by checking a code. These people will do anything to squeeze an extra buck out of you if you're getting an oil change.
5	I just had some maintenance to my 2006 Jeep Grand Cherokee and they were very helpful and the service was excellent.  I cannot comment on whether it was a competitive price because I did not shop around. However with the convenience of taking my vehicle there, and they providing me transportation back home and to the shop was great.  The customer service was excellent. I'll always pay a few dollars extra for excellent customer service!
5	The guys over at Tobias Automotive are so helpful and friendly! As a woman I would always worry if auto repair places are being honest about what needs to be done with my car. With Tobias I never have to worry, they are always super honest!! I will never take my car anywhere else!
5	Tobias auto staff was very helpful and honest. I took my truck in for a burned out power seat motor. They ordered the motor from the factory, and started the install. They quoted me a price of $400 for parts and labor. I got a phone call later that day from the mechanic stating it was just a screw wedged in the seat track preventing it from moving. They charged me $25 for his labor, and sent the seat motor back. If that's not the definition of ethics, I don't know what is. I will be a lifetime customer!
2	Very disappointed with my last visit. I had work done here a couple times. The price is higher than Phoenix but they are fast. This last time I had to call 3 times to get the estimate sent to me. The parts prices for after market parts was almost double what the dealer quoted me for OEM. This time I felt like they really didn't care about giving me a fair quote to capture my business. I really thought I was being gouged because I've always just signed off on their recommendations in the past.  This time I'm going to the dealer and have my car fixed for considerably less than Tobias' quote.
5	I have been doing business with Tobia's Automotive for over three years now and have found their repair facility to be the best  in all aspects.  From the time you walk in and greeted by Mike and Seth to the time your car is delivered in front fixed and ready to go!  Andy Tobias is a hands-on owner that truly cares about each repair job being the correct repair and being done right and on time.  I have had all types of repairs done and am totally satisfied with each job they do.  They explain every repair prior to starting the job and will answer any questions I may have in detail.  The facility is clean, a AAA referred place to do business!  I would recommend Tobia's Automotive to anyone that wants a great repair job done at the right price and in the time specified!Alan S.  Phoenix
5	I just had my oil changed  and their team is fantastic! Mike was so helpful and patient with me with all of my millions of questions. Your other guy (I don't remember his name, sorry) came and picked up/dropped off my car and was also very friendly.Last (And most important):This the only place I have ever been to that is honest about the next time I need an oil change! It drives me crazy that these other places I have gone to will only add 2000 miles or so to my sticker for the next oil change....Thank you so much for being honest
1	Very over price and mike was not helpful at all.
5	My car broke at a gas station across the street and limped over to Tobias. They were able to get me in quickly, and communicate well when it would be done. I was extremely satisfied with their service
