5	First visit is a bit pricey, but if you keep a regular monthly appointment it's quite reasonable.  I didn't have to wait forever to get my 18 year old Jack Russell seen and Mike did an excellent job.  JRTs shed pretty badly but Mike made my puppy shine and amazingly got all the extra hair out.  As a result, my dog is much more comfortable (as the heat comes to Phoenix) and he (Mike) easily accommodated a few creaks and groans my ancient puppy suffers.  I have no info on the other groomers, but Mike I would recommend highly.
1	My Mother In Law got her puppy back after spending most of day getting groom and they cut her eye so bad I had to take her to the vet.  This place should be shut down.Joe Rodrigues
1	Cut my dog's eye BAD.  Had to go to vet.  They took pictures to show liability was all Puppy Land.  Puppy Land kept our dog for 8 hours because they cut her eye so bad & actually tried to glue the eye back together.  This place needs to be shut down before they kill someone's dog.  Very unsafe!
1	Two very big issues with this place:1: The window actually says "Puppy Sales" on the window. Puppy sales.2: The business is located right near a kwik-e-mart and a Bar/music venue. They have animals stacked in crates right by the windows (not sure if these are owned dogs that are boarded or if that is the "puppy sales department"). I'm not sure how big the place is inside, but they could easily figure out a floor plan where the dogs could be kenneled where they can actually sleep. Being kenneled in a strange environment is hard enough, but Puppy Land has them kenneled where they are subject to patrons of the plaza hitting the windows and barking at them. Even the passers-by that weren't being obnoxious didn't see the problem with tapping on the window, talking to them, or using body language the dogs might see as "challenging." There is also light from the plaza that comes in that window, even at night. Other areas of the facility were much darker from what I could tell.Bottom line: If you are going to open a business that caters to pet care, make sure you are taking care of the pets. They are not products. They are not dollar signs. They are living things that need all of the advocates they can find. And the dogs in this establishment deserve some alone time at night- living in a kennel is stressful enough. They don't need us humans having easy access to bother them.
