4	I purchased a living social deal for Wink to get a Brazilian for my wedding. I ended up also having her do my brows for the big day and was pleased with both services. The space is: small but exceptionally clean. She steps out of the room while you change and extra curtains are drawn for privacyThe Brazilian was: as painless as possible. She uses hard wax (better for you) and is FAST. This is by far the best part of the service. It's always going to hurt a bit, but she makes sure you are in and out. Leave your shame at the door because she really gets in there to do a good job. A had a few more strays than I would have liked  higher up, but loved that I was done with two services in half an hourThe eyebrow wax: was exceptional. I was a bit wary of having someone new do them ( i usually pluck) right before my wedding, but was running out of time and already in the chair. She did an excellent job taming and shaping them. They look better than they have in years.
5	Kim is great. I also purchased a LivingSocial deal for a brazilian. I have had many a brazilian and she truly is exceptional.  She made it as painless as possible and got done SUPER fast.  The space is small and it was very clean.  I didn't feel uncomfortable at all and I will definitely be returning.  If you are looking for the studio, it is in the Atherton Mill building to the left of Big Bens Pub.  There are a series of little studios within Sola Salon - so don't be confused.  When you walk in, go left and follow the curve to Studio 126.She charges $50 per brazilian-which is a better deal than most salons in the area.
5	OUCH. Wait, that's it? It's over? Yep, that is what you can expect from Wink's waxing. I was terrified, but it's just business. Kam is very friendly and professional; she'll put you to ease and make you feel glamorous in no time. Besides waxing services, she also does eyelashes. Plan a good 2 hours if you get the individual lashes done. She's meticulous...and I'd have it no other way. The entire salon is pretty cold so if you are there for an eyelash treatment, bring layers.  The studio is one room (but that is every studio in a Sola Salon) and has everything she needs to help you get whatever you need done. There are 2 chairs: one for the body waxing and one for the facial/eyelash treatments. Like other reviewers mentioned, it is very clean, well lit, and completely private from the public (thank goodness for the curtain and the little sign that says, "Waxing in session"). She does take walk-ins, but it is better to make an appointment since you can't talk with her if she is in with another client to figure out how long the wait is. Also, she takes credit cards.Yay for finding my new waxing place...this is one intimate relationship that you want to make the first time.
5	I went for a brazilian wax and she was fantastic!! She was meticulous and yet was only 30 minutes.  She was extremely friendly and put all my nerves at ease.  For only being $50.00 for the brazilian it was well worth it and was just as good if not better than $80-90.00 brazilian waxes.  I'll definitely be returning to Kim!
5	I tried a few places before this, but Wink quickly became my go-to for a Brazilian wax in Charlotte.  She always does such a great job - very thorough, extremely professional, quick, and reasonably priced.  The salon is clean and comfortable.  Appointments are easily made via text message.  Can't ask for much more than that!
5	Today was my first time to use Wink Studio, and I am a very happy client!  I found Wink Studio online and made an appointment at the Fairview location.  By far, I received one of the most EXCEPTIONAL waxings I've ever experienced.  Kam was very professional and made me feel comfortable (which is hard to do during a bikini wax, especially for the first time).  She also gave me the best eyebrow wax and style that I've ever had.Visit Wink Studio, and see the difference.  Trust me, Wink Studio will soon become your "go-to" for all of your waxing needs.  Thanks to Kam for your service!
4	I had stumbled upon this establishment via living social deal.Place - neatly tucked away in the Aberthon Mall. I have been to a place similar to the same set up, where they have small shops inside a mall like warehouse. This place is a lot nicer and interesting. The Wink Studio itself is a small room, but the person who runs it, has all the necessary tools.Service - good. The person who did my wax services was good.  I was in and out in less than 30 minutes.
5	Kam is seriously the best...I won't go anywhere else.  The price is great, pretty painless, and quick.  Kam is so friendly and personable...she pretty much knows my life story!  I can't recommend Wink for brazilians enough...I refer all my friends.
5	Ok, so I don't write reviews very often unless I feel compelled to do so. My experience at Wink Studio was so nice, that I felt I must write a review. I found Wink Studio via the Livingsocial deal they offered about a month ago. I have never had any type of waxing service, so I was very nervous before going in.Kam was awesome. She was very professional and made me feel at ease. I was talking to her as if I had known her forever! I had a Brazilian wax and was completely finished in about 20 minutes. The prices are very fair for the service that you receive. The studio is in Sola Salon, which is very appropriate since you do want some privacy when having such a sensitive area waxed. I really enjoyed my experience here and will go going to Kam for all my waxing needs!
5	She uses a honey based wax that makes for a painless experience, even in the most sensitive of places. Now if only my husband will come and agree to get the inside of his nose waxed. Kam does those too.
5	I will start off by saying that I am a eyebrow snob. I love my brows and would wax them myself if I could, but I'm nowhere near skilled nor coordinated. So when I moved to the state four months ago, finding someone new to do my brows made me very nervous. After two failed attempts from other local businesses, I came across Wink and could finally give a sigh of relief. I can put all my trust in Kam to make sure that my brows look amazing. On my first couple visits she gave me advice for growing out my over-waxed brows and helped me achieve a beautiful shape. Kam is patient and very skilled at what she does. She has even worked around my schedule to book appointments. I have received many compliments on how great my brows look and have referred many friends to Wink Studio. You can definitely trust Kam to help you achieve brow perfection!
3	Unfortunately this business is under new ownership and I have not been as impressed with the quality of my eyebrow waxing. The new owner left one of my brows uneven and thinner than the other, leaving me to have to grow out my brows longer than usual between waxings. I will most likely not be returning.
5	Great place for eyelash extensions. I will not be going anywhere else.  Quality is great and they lasted a long time.  I'm hooked!
5	I found Wink Studio after doing a search and reading the reviews on Yelp, and I was not sorry! While many of the reviews referenced Kam/Kim, she is no longer with Wink so I was waxed by the owner Halle. Halle is very nice, and instead of making what could have been an awkward situation even more awkward, she put me at ease by making light conversation while making the process as efficient as possible. She did a fantastic job that I am very pleased with. I will definitely be a repeat customer! Couple of additional notes: 1. If you've never been inside Atherton Mill, Wink Studio is inside of Sola Salons. (This was my first time in there so it took me a few minutes to figure that out lol.) 2. The studio was very clean and organized, and Halle's process seems very sanitary. 3. You can book appointments with her online, which is extremely convenient.
4	I went to Halle at Wink Studio for my first ever Brazilian pre-vacation, and I was definitely not disappointed.  She made my experience as comfortable as possible, and worked so quickly there really wasn't time for me to experience any awkwardness.  I can't say it didn't hurt, but I will be booking another appointment with Halle!
5	I booked an appointment with Halle based on previous recommendations. I wanted to get a few waxing appointments in prior to my wedding & now that I'm back from our honeymoon, I plan on continuing the appointments. Halle does a great job, is professional & gets me in & out in a timely manner. I highly recommend her services!
5	I was here visiting and needed to have my semi-permanent lashes removed from another salon. I was able to go online and schedule an appointment. She called and confirmed the appointment. She spent over an hour removing lashes that she did not even apply. I truly appreciate her because I had an allergic reaction to the glue and she was able to help me. I appreciate the environment and the professionalism. I would definitely recommend her to anyone in Charlotte.
5	Halle is absolutely amazing!!! I got the Mink lashes and they look absolutely incredible! I live in CT but found Halle via google and it was the absolute best decision. I will travel to NC frequently just to get her to do my lashes again.. yes she's that's good :). Highly highly recommend her!
