4	Can't complain. They gave me an honest price for a right drive axle for my son's 1997 Honda Accord. They did the job correctly and I'm happy about that. I have only used these guy's once before for shocks on a Nissan Pathfinder that I use to own. Only drawback was the wait in line to speak with the service tech. The store itself was clean and the guys working there were friendly and polite.
3	Wait and see! Just turn my car in to them!
1	Took my car in to have my TPMS sensors installed. I got a quote from their Service Manager Scott and came in the next day to get the sensors installed. The person who checked my car in didn't add relearning the sensors to the job list, although it was on the original estimate for $9.99. Akram, one of  the technicians, did the job and is a very nice guy. But since the sensors weren't reprogrammed my TMPS sensor light came on the next day. I took it back in the next week to get it looked at and Scott said it would cost $40 to reprogram the sensors. I asked why it was so expensive? He said that the computer told him he needs to hook it up to a big computer to reset the sensors. I knew that wasn't required. All this was caused by his error and his team but he was to proud to admit he was wrong and didn't know what he was talking about. He flat out lied to me. I left telling him I would talk to his manager. After leaving Pep Boys I drove to Discount Tires on Chandler Blvd. I walked in and I told him my TMPS sensor light was on and he told me he would take care of it. He brought a out a handheld device and reprogrammed it in 2 minutes. He even put air in my tires. All this for FREE! I gave him a tip and left happy. Never going back to Pep Boys again.tl:dr: Scott, the service manager, is an idiot and doesn't know what he is doing. Pep Boys tries to rip you off. Go to Discount tire instead.
3	I'm very happy with the customer service skills of the Manager-Scott. That's what the 3 stars are for. Other than that, I'm not so sure, so I'm only giving 3 for that reason.
1	Do NOT go here. My oil and tire rotation (i had and appointment) took 2 hours. And they did not do the full inspection of the rest of the vehicle. The price for the oil change was $35 for a Tahoe. Just dont go. That is all.
4	I've gone here for tires, service, and repairs for three of my past vehicles.The prices are fair.  I canvased prices from other shops and Pep Boys were the least expensive.  The service is good.  The mechanics I've dealt with were honest.  They don't try to up-sell you just to make sales.  On a couple of occasions, I've even had mechanics inform me that I didn't need to get my rear brake shoes changed, just the pads in the front.   The rewards program is great, especially if you're getting major service done.  I once earned enough points to get an $80 Pep Boys gift card after getting the 120,000 mile maintenance service done.
1	The drivers door window would not work.  In taking the vehicle to Pep Boys, they replaced a $244 part that was not needed and the window still doesn't work.  After the fact, they told us they could do a $44 diagnostic check to see what might be wrong but would not credit the $244 nor return it.  What a rip off!!!  They lost me and my friends as customers.
1	This place is by far the worse establishment i have been to in a long time.It is officially where customer service died.I made an appointment to have my car's tires Rotated  and balanced. I made an appointment for 5:30. i did not hear from them for TWO hours.when i went in, the gentlemen at the counter did not even greet me.When i spoke to the manager, i advised him of the delay in time. all he said was "well looks like carlos said he told you"... i did let them know i will never be returning to this establishment. AVOID
1	Terrible customer service ! Came in for oil change and free alignment check with estimated 45 min wait time. 1.5 hrs later I was advised I needed alignment I said ok and was given another 45 minute wait time. About 2 more hours later they advise me they are not able to align my vehicle and say there will be no charge. Jo once did they do any follow up or curtsey check on me to advise of the wait time. I finish and pay for my oil change and drive off only to find my vehicle dangerously swerves off the road to the right ! Forced to go back and have these clowns attempt to fix the damage they have done ! I will not be a returning customer.
1	Went to this location for years. Always had a great experience. Went in the other day to see if they match competitor coupons for auto service. (Brakes,oil change, tire rotation). The first person I talked to (service writer) said he wasn't sure what the policy really is because sometimes they do match and sometimes they don't. That started that red flag kinda feeling. He said he would check with the manager. I waited for about 5 minutes and then the manager came out to the floor and I asked him if they match competitor coupons. His reply? I would have to come back the next day and ask yet another manager who was not there today. Hey guys! Ive got an idea! Know your company policies and don't inconvenience the customer! Why would I come back again without knowing if your willing to match the competitor coupon? I averaged $2500 a year plus in products and service with you guys for several years. Good going you lost a good customer for no reason at all!
4	I was lured into pep boys by their free membership and a good tire deal for my Silverado about 5 years ago and have used them since with this store I frequent the most.  Staff has been friendly and cooperative and prices have been fair and often a good deal.  My vehicle breaking down has never happened at an ideal time, but they have always had it fixed by the time they said.  I have never been over charged or found extra mystery charges.  If you're whining about oil changes taking to long, perhaps you should learn to change your own oil as they are a full service establishment not a quickielube.
