5	I love Marilo!  She understands my hair type and knows exactly what to do with my hair.  She keeps a record of my previous visits.  She recommends what is best for my hair.  She is pleasant to work with: easygoing, friendly, and respectful.  I've been going to her since 2008.  I'm really picky with hair people, and I used to go back to Chicago for haircuts.  Now, I stick to Marilo.
5	I've been going to Marilo for over 3 years now.  What makes Marilo rock is her attention to detail.  She takes her time and does high quality work.  Her highlights are some of the best I've ever had, and that says alot!I highly recommend Marilo for those that want a great haircut and highlights.  She's also very personable which makes it extremely easy to chat with her during my appointments.
5	Marilo is the best there is.  And this is coming from someone that is beyond picky. So picky, in fact, that it's a running joke among my friends and family.  She exceeds the crazy-high standards that I have for a stylist.  The most important thing is that she listens and knows what it means to have a 'real' conversation with a client before touching their hair.  My cut and highlights are always flawless.  She is fantastic!!
5	My cut is great - and the color and highlights in my hair are unbelievably awesome. I have a hard time finding hairdressers, but Marilo knows what she is doing, is extremely personable and charming and her rates are reasonable. I highly recommend her!!
5	I just moved to Gilbert and was searching for a new Hairdresser. I'm a bit picky so this was scary for me! Marilo is amazing. I can't believe how lucky I was to have found her. My cuts perfect. Returning next week for color and I can't wait! She knows what she's doing. She was really pleasant to chat with too :)
5	Marilo is such a wonderful & talented person. She went above & beyond my expectations. We loved her salon decor and it had a happy feel to it.  Both my daughter and I got our hair cut and we were very happy with her work. My husband and I, were taking my daughter to her first real concert that night and Marilo helped to make that night even more fantastic. She helped our night be more magical by sending us off with glitter in our hair, while we later watched "Glitter in the Air" being sung. Thank you for helping make it my daughters "Best Night Ever!"
5	After more than 10 very comfortable years with my former (Scottsdale) hairdresser, she moved out of state and I was lost.  I'm a busy professional woman and need to look finished, so the thought of starting over experimenting with new salons was... UGH.  Thank heavens I found Marilo - she listened to me, gave me an amazing cut my first time there, and has given me phenomenal, high quality cuts and services every time since.  In the east valley!  I ADORE this woman!  She is incredibly knowledgeable and talented, has excellent products that have worked extremely well for me, takes her time, and makes me feel like a million bucks when she's done.  Her rates are more reasonable than the Scottsdale salons, and she texts me an appt reminder the day before!  I highly, highly recommend her!!
5	My. Hair. Looks. Fantastic.  I have short, curly hair, which is difficult to cut.  I don't know why that is, since presumably all hair stylists go to school to learn this sort of thing.  But I can tell you from personal experience that most stylists do a lousy job.  Marilo is different.  My hair looks great as soon as she's done, and for 6 weeks afterwards.  I waited until I'd gone to her several times before posting, so I could tell you she is consistently good.  I am thrilled to have found her. Bonus:  If you care about atmosphere, Marilo has a little boutique shop, which is adorable and quiet.  No noisy crowds of other clients & stylists milling about.
5	Let's put it this way....I live about 45 min away and I drive to Chandler just to get my hair done my Marilo.  I have thick hair, that hair dressers always want to thin out, and I can never seem to get a good hair cut.  I also like to dye my hair a little darker than my normal color and I always end up with RED.  I can't tell you how many places I have tried where I always end up with a red hue to my hair.I met Marilo by chance in Scottsdale and she gave me her card.  She explained to me why my hair kept ending up with a red tint and assured me that the products she uses will not create the same hue.  I decided to give it a chance and I have never looked back.  She is so knowledgeable about color and she is always attending continuous learning events to keep on top of the current trends in color, cuts and straightening treatments.I get SO many complements on my hair and my hair NEVER looks red anymore.  I have been seeing Marilo for 4 years now and I couldn't be happier!
4	Really great place! Love how my hair looks every time. She's such a talent!
5	Marilo did an amazing cut for me. I will definitely be back. Having traveled for the last several years I have had some pretty varied results with haircuts. Marilo was honest with me about what was not styled well and had solutions for correcting it. She communicated clearly and gave me options. And, even though I was hesitant about how flattering a short style would look on me, it came out great- maybe my best cut in decades! Looking back through my selfies I can see how my hair and face just work together now where before my short haircuts looked oddly shaped and unflattering. I love my new style and am thrilled to have found Salon Lola!
5	My  wife has been coming to salon Lola for the past three years and Marilo has always been perfect. She knows her stuff and she always follow her recommendation and most important she always come back home happy.
5	I love my hair! I had high expectations and she met all of them! She really took the time to understand the look I wanted and gave me advise on what she thought would look best for my hair type and facial features. In short, you will not be disappointed for going to Salon Lola!***Another great aspect of this salon is Marilo, the owner of Salon Lola. She is incredibly positive and will undoubtably lift your spirits :)
5	I have gotten several compliments on my hair from random strangers lol! Please go to Salon Lola!
5	One year later - my hair still looks great, after every haircut, every day. Marilo is really good at cutting short, curly hair. Can't recommend her highly enough!
