4	Fuzzy's serves up Chicago-style thin crust pizza, and does it well. I've hit them up for a pie a couple of times now, and have been super-pleased. The crust is light and crisp, the sauce is nice and tomatoey, and the amount and quality of toppings just right.My only issue is that sometimes they are a bit slow. I rationalize this by assuming that they are making my pizza fresh, and that takes a little time.Also, the wings are pretty tasty too. There were lots of drummies in the mix, and I like that.
4	When it's my turn to cook, I pick up the phone an order Fuzzy's. Thin crispy crust pizza sliced in easy to handle squares - just the way I like it. I have had the opportunity to enjoy Fuzzy's dine-in, pick-up and delivery numerous times over the years. The owners have changed a few times and it has always been consistent. Fuzzy's is as close to Chicago-style pizza you can get without a plane ride. Vienna dogs, Italian beef , wings and pan pizza options are available. Chicago sports memorabilia and bold colors mark the decor. Good prices fast delivery gets a hot pie to the door.
4	Primarily because of the deep dish pizza quality I'm giving Fuzzy's 4 stars.  Cheese is that high quality, rich milky mozzarella and it is accompanied by that extra tangy version of tomato sauce that is somewhat common in Chicago.  Deep dish crust was lightly crisped & semi soft on the bottom, and the same at the end though much thicker.  Delicious chewy breadiness inside, and a golden brown crispy on the outside.  Light cornmeal dusted on the bottom.I did not try the thin crust but the table adjacent to me had several, and they appeared much thicker than what I normally associate with Chicago thin crust (almost cracker thin).  I would describe it as a medium looking crust on a pizza that just happens to be cut into squares.Toasted raviolis, fried mushrooms, fried mozz, wings, etc. round out the menu, and an assortment of soft drinks is available.  No beer from what I could see.  Prices were reasonable.Chicago Cubs and other Chicago sports memorabilia decorate the walls to make you feel at home.   Extremely casual dining here - some folks with those sleeveless cut-off shirts (sorry, no mullets though!)Location is on the West facing side of a strip mall that shoulders a grocery store there on Bell.
5	Best Italian Chicago Beef sandwich I have ever had. Friendly people, hard to find location and great food.
1	I was very disappointed.  My wife I tried Fuzzy's based on the reviews and both of us found this pizza to be below par.  Nothing like good Chicago pizza.  We ordered a sausage and mushroom 16" and I think we got 12 mushrooms and 8 pieces of sausage.  The pizza had lots of cheese but very little flavor.  We won't be back.
4	Excellent Pan pizza, as well as other Chicago style fair.Must use Vienna beef for dogs to be "authentic " and Fuzzy does.
4	This place is literally in walking distance from my apt. Although i try not to eat here often not because i do not enjoy it but if i did I'd be the "typical obese American" if i did. Its THAT good. But on occasion when i feel like, what the hey, then i spring and splurge on this place. The pizza is AMAZING. The wings aren't the greatest if they were this place would of got that fifth star from me. Oh and beer might be nice. But then again i know how expensive liquor liscenses are. It's amazing. Anyway, i suggest everyone try this place. BEST pizza in the west valley.
3	I stopped in at Fuzzy's last week in my further adventures in Food of the NW Valley, since my office was moved to Peoria in February.  I had checked out the previous Yelp reviews and was very excited to give it a try.  I invited a couple coworkers along for this journey.  One guy that had been to Fuzzy's in the past turned down the invitation stating, the pizza is "ok".  We decided to still give it a shot and called in our order for pickup.  I went with the classic, 8" thin crust with pepperoni.  My 2 coworkers decided to get side salads and split an 8" thick crust with mushroom and onion.  We picked up our order and added fountain drinks when we paid. We also noticed that they offer a 2 slice with drink lunch special for about $5. Both pizzas looked good and the salads also looked pretty decent for a side salad.  After we all finished, we came to the same conclusion... the pizza was "ok".   The service and prices are good making it a great place to grab a quick lunch.  8" pizzas start at $4.50 and lunch special about the same.  I will probably go back to try their Italian Beef at some point, to give them another shot.
5	Outstanding Chicago-style menu, the hot dogs have the requisite green relish, the pizza is wonderful, the Italian Beef is very authentic. And of course, Fuzzy's has the Italian Beef/Italian Sausage combo sandwich. All in all, good food, good prices, and an outstanding owner!
3	In my mind, this is how it goes down: NY style pizza: flat. Chicago style pizza: thick, rich and meaty. So, whenever I see a "Chicago"-themed restaurant, I expect nothing short of all their pies as tall as an inch. Or higher.I don't think that's the case here at Fuzzy's, but that said, the thin I was served was good - I would just never say this came from Chicago lovers. The party I was with also ordered their "thick" pizza. Again, it was tasty, but not thick enough.The place is small and really hidden - GPS can't hardly find it, they just gave me the street corner. It's clean inside, and the wait staff was very friendly.It's out of my way from my side of town and unless there's another birthday party, unfortunately, I probably won't make the trek. I'll stick with genuine Chicago's Deep Dish pizza, such as Vito's on 43rd Ave/Northern, even if that's all in my own mind.
2	I am usually pretty generous on my reviews, but considering I have been to this place a few times I simply find my overall experience average at best. It is undeniable that they have pretty good pizza and decent wings, but the customer service that I have always experienced here is just okay. I am not very demanding when it comes to customer service like some, but a smile here and there and appreciation for customers would be nice. Customer service goes a long way in my book, and I have found a couple other pizza joints that offer great customer service that I would rather frequent. We arrived with a restaurant.com coupon that was purchased just a few days prior only to find that they weren't accepting them anymore. Hmmm, that wasn't very settling considering I bought a few of them. My question was, "Why are they available for purchase if you are no longer accepting them?" Only to be told, "Well, they shouldn't be on there anymore and they will probably be taking them off soon." Meh... I think I can find better customer service with a smile at Grande Pizza just down the road where they make an effort to remember my name and greet with a warm smile.
1	Came in a couple of weeks ago with 2 out of town guests after bragging about how good the pizza  is and the closest thing to Chicago thin crust.  Well we were disappointed to say the least. Waited an hour and 15 minutes for our order. Granted they were very busy but the person ahead of us placed his order for a large group and not only were they served well before us but were finished eating before we got our order. No apology for the wait and worst of all the pizza crust was terrible. We were regulars here but no more.
3	**CLOSED ALERT**Went to Fuzzy's Chicago Pizza last night and found a sign posted on the door saying Repossession. Kinda weird though as they had alot of patrons and they also had a Help Wanted sign in the window.
3	The atmosphere is clean and inviting.  My order was taken accurately and the cashier was very nice and helpful. They show to have an A rating on their last health inspection which is always good to see. My meal didn't take too long and it was delivered to my table. The Chicago dog was good as I expected it would be. The Italian beef and sausage sandwich was decent. A little less ju on the sandwich and better quality bread would greatly improve it. Overall a good value for okay food but their customer service is awesome.
5	Wow, they make a REALLY excellent Italian Beef sandwich....just like Chicago.  I LOVED the sauce and sausage on the pizza;however, they need to perfect the crust....it seems pre-made, not like CHicago, but the sauce, cheese, sausage is JUST like Chicago...amazing.  I hope they make the crust change.  We will be back when we are in the area.
2	The hunt for a great local pizza continues.  When I hear Chicago style pizza, I think deep dish, ooey-gooey, rich and delicious.  This was the other kind, the thin kind, with a crunchy crust, and cut into squares rather than wedges.  We might have liked the crust if it had some flavor, but truly it had the taste and texture of a matzo cracker.  I don't think it could have been more flavorless if a deliberate effort had been made to make it so.  After the first slice, neither Hon or I ate any of the crust.  Well, Hon tried a few extra bites because he couldn't believe it was so tasteless.  The rest of it, we cracked apart and fed to the birds.Despite the really awful crust, the pizza toppings had good flavor.  The sauce was tasty and there was just enough of it.  We got a large pizza with sausage, onion, tomato, and black olive.  All toppings were abundant, except the sausage.  Fuzzy was a little stingy with his sausage. Too bad, because it tasted great. The cheese was plentiful and tasted okay, but I have a feeling it wasn't 100% real.The restaurant is hidden around the corner from the rest of the Albertson's plaza. We did take out, but there are tables for casual dining in and they offer delivery.  Service was quick and friendly and the menu has plenty of other options, such as Vienna dogs, Italian beef, and wings.  If we ever try Fuzzy's again (unlikely), we'll order anything but the magnificently dismal pizza.  One final note, it's a Pepsi place.  No Coke.Next!
3	have only had take out, can say its not the normal pizza... i kinda like not having a thick doughy  crust, leaves more to the toppings being the flavor. love that its cut into squares and not wedges, much easier to handle
1	Wow.. where do I even begin. Last night we ordered a pizza (with pepperoni mushrooms and olives), 2 salads, the baked ziti, and an Italian beef sandwich. First off, the pizza was an absolute atrocity. Undercooked flat crust, bland marinara, and canned mushrooms. The pie was cut in to random squares. THIS IS NOT CHICAGO style anything. This is something I'd order at a budget hotel in Las Vegas at 3am after a night of gambling and binge drinking and put in the microwave!! This pizza couldn't even pass for bar food in the seediest of bars. I ate one piece (square) and I literally threw the pizza in the trash, which is where it belongs. Complete garbage.Secondly, the baked ziti came in a styrofoam container lined with aluminum foil. WTF? Who takes pasta and piles it on to aluminum foil with mozzarella and bakes it? Even Domino's pizza doesn't do this and they're 4 times cheaper than this sad excuse for a restaurant. Most restaurants would give you an aluminum container with a proper lid. You know the kind of container where when you dig in to it with a fork you're not getting pieces of aluminum in your mouth!! The pasta was edible once you removed the aluminum flakes from the melted and burnt on cheese. The worst part about the baked ziti is I found a black inch long nylon bristle from a brush or cleaning utensil in the marinara. Unfortunately it made it in to my mouth. I threw the ziti in the trash next to the pizza. There's no excuse for poor food handling. Train your cooks.The Italian beef sandwich was well seasoned, and sliced thin. Problem? It showed up with no cheese, no garnishments, nothing. It was literally dry meat on a dry bun. Thankfully we had some stuff in the fridge to spruce it up. Tossed it in the oven for 10 mins and ate that. They deserve ZERO stars. I won't order from this place again.
1	Went in for lunch, as I'm a fan of supporting local as much as possible.  Lunch was good, had a Chicago dog and fries, which both met my criterium.  Had a chat with the owner (I presume) and expressed my wish to order delivery later for my kids and I.  The owner said this was no problem, just call by 4:15 pm latest.  So I called at 4:15 to be told very rudely by somebody else that they had sent the driver home so they could close early and basically tough sh**.  No apology, no rational, and he argued with me at the time that I called while I was looking at the time ON MY PHONE.  Unbelievable.
2	The quality went down after the old owners took over. Pizza crust is hard, they charge for little things that other places like this provide with a purchase.
5	This is the real deal - Chicago deliciousness!!!  My family is from Chi-town and my dad lives for the sausage Italian beef sandwich!!  I personally love the Italian beef with onions and cheese.  The bread soaks up the juicy goodness and gets slightly soggy.  The cheese is gooey and just amazing!  Then there is their pizza!!  Thin and crisp - A+ in my book!  The people are super nice and helpful.  Their goal is to keep it authentic...they are meeting this goal 100%!  We go here all the time, this is not change anytime soon!!  GO EAT HERE!! It is OMG Delicious!!!Thanks Fuzzy's!!
1	their 'thin crust' is not... it is hard cracker crust. NO Flavor. The toppings and sauce were fine but the crust was bad... and I love good thin crust (chewy, very thin, italian style)
4	Great food.  Good service.  Some of the younger employees aren't as friendly, but they try.  The food is affordable, tasty, and delivery is fast.  They are consistently good.
1	I've had better frozen pizza.  Crust is like eating cardboard.  For Chicago style try Barro's, Oregano's or Rosat's.
1	This may be the worst pizza I've had since moving here in the 80s.We ordered a mushroom, sausage pizza Saturday night.  The only thing you can taste is the sweet sauce.  The mushrooms are canned, which is ok, but there just was no flavor.You wanna a good pie, try, Rays, Rossiti's, Red Devil, NYPD.
1	I think frozen pizza or even Peter Piper Pizza is better than this. The sauce taste like it came from a can & crust needs serious hekp. Needed to be covered in crushed red peppers & parmesan cheese in order to finish the little lunch size pizza. Only came in since it was walking distance from ford dealership & I was starving, while waiting for oil change. Will never recommend this place.
1	Worst pizza I've ever tasted ,  sometimes you eat something and one thing might be bad about it , but this pizza everything is bad the topping s sauce chee but especially the crust Just to eat it had to use a lot of parmasean and crushed pepper and ranch , Won't be coming back
4	I read the reviews but decided to come anyway since we had a gift card. I'm not sure what people are talking about.  Maybe they don't know what Chicago pizza is. We forgot to all for thick crust, but pizza was good.  Wings were bomb.
