4	I actually found this place from a Groupon. I am so glad I bought it, the staff was professional and courteous. Their office was welcoming, warm and had a very relaxing atmosphere. The lady who took care of me was fantastic in every way. She gave me a tour of their building and explained the different types of products and procedures that they offered at the spa and adjoining medical office/chiropractic center. I was very impressed. I will be going back, and I definitely recommend this place to everyone.
5	I had a worthwhile therapeutic massage from Kat.  Kat found knots in muscles everywhere! She worked them out semi-painfully, but I knew it was worth a moment of pain to get true muscle relief. I found this place through Groupon, and I will definitely be going again.
3	Let me begin with the positive. My therapist and massage was first rate and I am happy I bought the groupon discount.On the negative side, Valhalla Med Spa felt sterile, like a doctor's office. There was absolutely no ambiance whatsoever. I booked an aromatherapy massage and that was a joke. I was shown a selection of essential oils and asked to choose a bottle. If any were burned, placed, etc., I never smelled a thing (and I have a sensitive nose). There were no warm towels, cushy robes, candles, nice smells, or adequate music. The music, in fact, was a tinny Josh Grobon CD and sounded like it came from a $20 cd player without real speakers. If Valhalla wants ratings as a "spa"  it needs to step up the ambiance.Finally, if I had paid full price I would have been sorely disappointed, regardless of the actual massage. I expected the whole massage experience, not just the rub. For the discounted massage rate of $50, it was worth it and I would and did book again. Full price--nope.PS The staff was professional (again, like a doctor's office), but I did not get the tour or explanations Leslie R received.
4	I received an excellent therapeutic massage from Kat. She made me feel comfortable, relaxed, and went to work. It was one of the best massages I have ever received because she asked me what I wanted and then delivered a fabulous deep tissue massage. It was only supposed to be an aromatherapy massage, but she really worked my body. It was awesome. During the massage, she ensured I was comfortable and reminded me to inform her if there was ever something off or if I wanted her to focus on a specific area. Although not your "typical" spa, you will not be disappointed with the service.
1	Wow, I don't know where all these high ratings came from - I don't believe most of them are even real! Or at least, if they are real, they are for the doctor's office, not for the Med Spa section.The staff here is the rudest I've encountered at any Med Spa in Las Vegas so far. I was 6 minutes late (seriously, 6 minutes!) and the girl behind the counter refused to check me in. She said it would mess up her schedule and she had a very busy day. She then told me I could call and reschedule - didn't even offer to reschedule me while I was there! I told her I had driven all the way from Henderson on the recommendation of a current client and this was my first time at the Med Spa. She got up and walked to the other side of the desk and started talking to another employee!Even worse, after all the, I used the restroom and it was dirty...that's disgusting! If a Med Spa can't even take out their restroom trash, you know they're not providing clean services anywhere else!Rude and gross? There's way too many Med Spa's in Vegas to waste your time and money going to this one!
1	I had a group-on for Zerona treatment, was a rip off...I didn't feel anything nor did the girl explain anything to me. I looked up the reviews on this machine and its a scam. The lady did not answer one question for me. My timer went off and 10 minutes later she came in and told me to flip.The office manager wouldn't refund my money. Once you question them they are very unprofessional and do not care about customer service esp the little red head girl they have working in the front If I was you and you want a nice and pleasant visit go to another spa.
5	Expert care and incredible people skills best describe Lynette the best esthetician on the planet! Your face is in great hands with Lynette! Cutting edge treatments for your entire body.
5	Great professional service, great doctor who cares about his patients.  Close by in shopping center, large area for parking.  Quick in and out service.
2	I got a groupon for this place. I checked it out and the facial I would give an OK  Mary  was very nice and professional however I wish I would have known that the facial only last 35 minutes and the room was right by the front desk so we were both listening to their conversation and laughs. Not relaxing at all. Oh well. On my way out I was told that I am getting a second service too I wish they would have told me when I made my reservation. The Medspa is kinda old school needs a face lift we are in 2014 but clean :) Check out my pics!
2	I didn't have any beauty treatment here.  I went there for wellness care and I had 4 appointments with the chiropractor there, who does a wellness program that includes evaluation and supplements.   I liked him right away, I think he knows his stuff too.  I was initially excited to work with him on my various issues.  I was discouraged to talk about costs but at the end of my 3 day evaluation I was hit with a $6,000 fee to start treatment.  This is the second time this has happened to me from a chiropractor that offers wellness programs.  The first one wanted $9,000. At least with this one, I walked away with some good advice and knowledge about my body.  But I must admit I felt setup because he knew from the beginning what the cost would be.  So if you can afford it I say go for it.
