5	I was very pleased with my whole experience at Weisfield. From the moment I walked in they were pleasent and extremely helpful. The two ladies who took care of me helped me pick out the ring of my dreams and then even had it done ahead of schedule. They have definately earned my business and I will make sure to refer others to them.
1	BEWARE. You don't get you ask for. My mother-in-law purchased several birthstones and chains for the kids and grandkids for Christmas. Turns out she got nothing she asked for. The "Real" pearl, two months later, is peeling. We went to a professional jeweler and discovered it's actually a plastic ball with a pearl-like coating. My mother even purchased warranty's on everything. Why the hell would a jeweler even warranty a fake pearl?? Bazaar! Guess if I want to go back every two months to have the thing re-coated I could. The pendant she was sold as "diamonds" are actually all white sapphires. Big difference. Why would a jeweler in an upscale mall sell fake plastic pearls???? This place is a joke and will totally take advantage of you if you're not careful. Another note: Sterling Jeweler's in on the BBB. Despite their A+ rating, you might be interested in knowing they have had over 900 complaints in less than 36 months.
2	My boyfriend and I recently got engaged. We haven't really gone shopping for THE ring and we were in the area so we decided to stop on in to get ideas. We were initially greeted by this guy CJ who was very laid back but helpful in trying to find what we were looking for. I don't have a clear idea of what I want (I just got engaged) but he was good about throwing ideas out there. In fact, everything was going well until his manager Larry came along. Larry was extremely pushy and expected us to know what kind of diamond I wanted, what size, cut and clarity as well as a budget. I have a rough idea of what I like but to be asked 1000 questions was obnoxious. On top of that I stated that I do not like round cut diamonds and he pulled out 2 round cut rings and kept suggesting I try them on. I left this jeweler completely discouraged and teary eyed. If this experience is what it's like jewelry shopping for an engagement ring I'd rather not have a ring at all. Two stars for the initial helpful employee, otherwise I will NEVER step foot in this pushy jeweler again.
