1	I'm in the process of moving OUT of here because my rent was increased by over 20% after only being here one year.  The apartments are being renovated as people move out and the exterior is being painted.  I hear that the 1BRs are going for about $1,000/month.  The neighborhood is great, but the apartments themselves have thin walls.  Additionally, I have had the negative experience of catching maintenance in my apartment while I was at work with out telling me first, which the leasing agent admitted to and apologized in an email.  I was very upset because I have a small dog.  ALSO, they started painting the exterior the same day they handed out the notices about the painting.  The result?  Paint spray covering my patio furniture.  I am very fortunate to have found an apartment in this market for significantly less than what I'm paying now in Cotswold, which is going to work out better for me anyway.  I will miss the Foxcroft East neighborhood, but not CAMDEN!
3	This is an older Camden property close to the South Park area. The property is right next to Brixx, Lavida Massage, UPS store, and Caribou Coffee. The apartment complex has several recreational areas including a pool and tennis courts. They also have a 24 hour laundry area. The apartments themselves tend to be a bit dated with your typical vinyl and carpeting floors. Laminate counter tops and white kitchen appliances. However, they do have nice patios or decks. Ultimately, the apartment complex is clean but certainly you are paying for the area. It all depends on what you are looking for. For me it is a little over priced for what you get.
5	We are relatively new to the Charlotte area, but we actually love it here at Camden Simsbury!  A great community to live in, plenty of shops to visit, and easy travel. Extremely private, and friendly atmosphere. Just an overall great experience!
5	Let me just say that we love living in the Camden Foxcroft community! An awesome place to live. Very private and full of nearby shops. The office/maintenance staff is extremely helpful, and very friendly. They respond immediately with maintenance request, and the grounds are impeccable!I highly recommend living in this community--you will not be disappointed!
