5	Despite trying to find the place and the neighborhood this place is awesome... there menu is not big, however they have great salads, sandwiches and desserts.  The thing I noticed the most about it was how fresh everything was... I had there special that had ham, fresh mozzarella and arugula... it was EXCELLENT!!!While it was not the quickest lunch place in the area I loved the food... it is also a cool place to look around.  In the back they have a book store and if you walk through the book store you will find a pretty cool art gallery...I hope that you get out and try this place...
5	Getting waitlisted for a trip to the Galapagos might be easier than getting back to City Bakery.  They are NOT open on weekends and are only open for 4 hours, so I had to wait for a time that I was Downtown during the day and hop on one foot.  (It's actually south of downtown in an industrial / semi-sketchy neighborhood.)These sandwiches are AMAZING, and I mean "amazing" in a "I'm glad City Bakery's location and hours are completely inconvenient, because I would go broke" sort of way.Sure, they're upscale and a bit pricey, but what's not to like about Arcadia Farms sandwiches ($9), salads ($10) and baked goods?  While other Arcadia Farms places seem to attract a more ladies-who-lunch crowd, City Bakery definitely attracts a more downtown professional crowd, and they cater to them with minimalist modern decor and CNN piped in on TVs throughout.I couldn't decide which sandwich I LOVED better - the muffuleta, the curry chicken or the turkey brie.  If I were to choose I would have to say the muffuleta - with its nearly perfect ciabatta, savory Italian meats, provolone, olive tapenade and sundried tomatoes (which was a tasty surprise).  Shannon is right on about the olive spread -- it IS addictive.  And there are four sandwich choices for vegetarians.As if that wasn't enough they have a full menu of baked goods.  Uh, hello, this is a bakery.  With the awesome sandwiches you almost forget to leave room for the cookies, cupcakes and tarts.  I took a chocolate chip to go, because, well, I'm a sucker for cookies, and it ended up being just as incredible and sinfully decadent as I thought.MINUSES:  The bookstore and Bentley art galleries were closed when we went - perhaps that's seasonal?    We were served by a very cute and adept waitress, but the drinks did take about 10 minutes,  That would be my only complaint.  It's minimal at worst, but everything else overcame this flaw.  I'll definitely be back.
4	I love love love this place.  Its kind of an epic journey from midtown with all the construction going on downtown right now.  But, on those rare days that I can justify a 90+ minute lunch, this is in the top five.  Fancy sandwiches and salads.  Sinful desserts.  And an art gallery.
4	The turkey and brie is a five star sandwich for sure. However I've been up and down the menu since I come here about every other week and haven't been able to find anything else the compares or is worth the 9 dollar price tag and table service. The closest in quality for me is the pressed chicken, herb chicken, and vegi melt.What cements the four star rating is the fact that this place might have THE WORST music ever in the history of eating establishments. It is typically a mix of musak and fake jazz that you normally only have to listen to at the dentist. In my trip today my table looked at each other in shock when "Believe It or Not" (the theme song to The Greatest American Hero) came on mixed in with this music. Even though I love this song, the experience of hearing it mixed in with the bathroom jazz somehow cemented its place in the pantheon of worst music experiences available in Arizona. Would it be that hard to put together a playlist of some real jazz or some good chill electro? I'll put it together for them if they want just so I don't have to suffer through my turkey and brie anymore.But among the pluses are a great atmosphere otherwise, a patio, good iced tea, solid baked goods (if they have blondies when you go you have to get one), and the attached art gallery which is sometimes open at lunch time and serves as a great diversion from work. But overall it just makes me miss having Beyond Bread three times a week in Tucson.
4	Pretty, pretty good.  This place is tucked away behind The Bentley Projects just south of downtown Phoenix.  You can't see it from the street, and there's not really anything around except some empty lots and the gallery; apparently you just need to be in the know ... and you want to be in the know.  Nice outdoor seating, not too crowded, and great food.  It's a lunch place, and the menu was mostly upscale salads and sandwiches (brie, goat cheese, sundried tomatoes, etc.).  I just stuck with the turkey club on focaccia, and it was mmm, good.  It also came with a white bean salad that was really good.  Plus, the dessert and drinks looked/were fantastic.  I really want to try the banana pudding and the frozen hot chocolate (which I tried to order, but I think the waitress said they were out of chocolate, what?).  They had a bunch of crazy-but-amazing-sounding lattes, cute mini-cakes (I had the carrot cake, which was good, but a little too much on the frosting; I could barely taste the cake), and super-good looking cookies (I bought a cute bunny rabbit sugar cookie for my friend, and it was sitting on my desk all afternoon, its little bunny eyes taunting me and daring me to bite off one of its bunny ears).Downsides -- The service was slow, the indoor seating didn't look too great (the music inside was yuck), and it's not exactly cheap (cookies were three dollars, mini-cakes were five, and I think the cheapest sandwich was nine bucks).
5	A nice ambiance, tucked away downtown.  Like another person said, great outdoor seating and not too crowded.  The food was great, too.  I ordered the Turkey Club and it was delicious.  I also got a chocolate chip cookie which was also awesome.  I'd like to go back and try the specialty sodas and some more deserts.
3	It's a good thing the bread is so tasty because they sure skimp on the goodies in the middle. My ham sandwich on baguette had the tiniest amount of meat I was sure it was a joke. Perhaps Alan Funt was waiting in back and soon I would hear "Smile. You're on Candid Camera." My friend John's roasted chicken sandwich, while tastier than mine, was also in the "more bread than meat" club. I could hear the late Clara Pelet from the Wendy's commercials saying "Where's the beef?" Thoroughly enjoyed the sparse modern decor and I love how it's tucked away behind the Bentley Projects. You feel cool just finding it. Hours are funky so make sure you call first. I'm sure I'll go back....perhaps for a salad next time!
4	In my opinion, a good sandwich is hard to find. I'm not a huge sandwich person, and I usually prefer sandwiches that are more like a good entree that just happens to be between two slices of bread. The veggie melt ($9) at City Bakery was a lot like that - fresh veggies (tomatoes, red peppers, artichoke hearts, and wild mushrooms) in a really tangy marinade with hummus and goat cheese just happened to have found their way between two slices of foccacia, even though their ultimate destination could have been an antipasto plate or a Mediterranean sampler. Cerebral, I know, but in my opinion, that's what a good sandwich is all about! My husband's sandwich, on the other hand, was not really a collection of well-matched, stand-out ingredients paired with complementary bread. It was the Roasted Chicken sandwich ($9). Instead of tasting like chicken pulled off of a roasted whole bird and paired with bread and cheese, it tasted like dried pieces of chicken breast that were practically drowning in goat cheese and then masked with two enormous slices of baguette. Not so great. The white bean salad that comes on the side of the sandwiches was one of the best side dishes I've had in a long time. It was seasoned with light olive oil and filled with tangy sun-dried tomatoes. I just wished that it had been a larger portion - four spoonfuls, and it was gone. I would order that veggie melt sandwich again in a second. But, I hope that more of their $9 - $10 sandwiches feature more than just dry and pretty flavorless meat thrown onto some bread and sent off to the customer without a second thought. For that price, we deserve better.
4	Closed -- another downtown business shutters. Too bad -- this is a cool space! http://blogs.phoenixnewtimes.com/bella/2008/09/citybakery_closes_bentley_proj.php
