3	There comes a time when all pubs start to look like each other, and for this reason the interior of the Antiquary doesn''t differ too much from the norm; it's dungeony, (but at least it's got the excuse of being in the basement floor!) is decked out in dark polished wood and has quite friendly staff. Take into account that the general Edinburgh pub standard is pretty high, and you've got a pretty good quality place.Location wise, it's a little bit off the beaten track, particularly for tourists, as it's in Stockbridge, so I won't be making it back there anytime soon! However, they do some good food, particularly breakfast if you'd rather eat than drink, and have some open mic nights, with folk music being the general theme.
5	I only discovered this pub a couple of days ago, after going to St Stephen's to see a show. It's a little basement pub tucked away on a street just off Stockbridge. I like it because it's got a wee outside area with parasols, has Lia Fail and Addlestone's Cider on tap and just seems to have quite a lot of attitude. There's also this hilarious barrel behind the bar with a huge sign on it that reads "ABSINTHE! 3.75 a shot. Only two shots per person per night." Which makes me laugh, though I might be the only one who gets  a kick out of that. A pint of ale will cost you around 3 pounds and same goes for the cider, so it's not too pricey, though I've definitely been to cheaper places. I was pretty happy to discover this pub and I might even go so far as to say it's a bit of a gem.
4	The chefs from the  Purslane (which is an excellent little nearby restaurant on St Stephen's St) have recently taken over the kitchen at The Anitquary. And it shows. Simple dishes, like roasts and casseroles, are served to a very high standard, making this a really good pub grub place. Sunday is an ideal time for a visit for a good quality roast.Overall, we said: "I was very pleased with The Antiquary. The food was a cut above the regular pub grub fare and the setting very cosy. I could see myself regularly spending Sunday afternoons here, topping up my roast meat levels, playing a little spot of Monopoly and supping an ale or two, from their impressive selection."
4	When the after-work rush makes most of my other favorite Stockbridge pubs crowded to the point of annoyance, the Antiquary is usually a safe bet for a seat and an audible conversation. This basement bar is cozy and comfortable, and it's a reliable source of quality pub food.
