4	Macdonald Framing was a real surprise. I'd passed it by many times and not really thought about browsing, since I assumed it was specifically supplying framing services.It does do that of course, for very reaosnable prices and for a number of styles of print. But along with framing and laminating, it's a great wee shop in its own right. Selling some astonishingly beautiful contemporary prints of Edinburgh for around five pounds, it showcases a number of recently successful Scottish photographers that have captured Edinburgh at its most hauntingly beautiful. These prints, which are usually monochromatic with one bold colour in the middle, are stunning and paint a new picture of this long established city.These prints, along with others in various modern or traditional styles, are also available on mugs. I am sorely tempted to return and purchase one since they're little over 7 pounds. There is one particular print which I have only seen in here which shows a line of apple blossom trees in (what I think is) the Meadows. One tree is flushed bright pink while the rest remains dulled down in black and white (I like to call that the Pleasantville effect since they use it in that movie, but they also use it in Schindler's List). It's beautiful, and a treat of a present if you want to avoid the garish, ill thought out tourist tat. It adds a touch of class to the area while also providing helpful service. Good enough for me!
5	I have had a few different items framed here, always with great service and results. Excellent range of frame-styles and mounts, and proprietors willing to go the extra mile to provide assistance to indecisive customers such as myself!. As other reviewer notes, there is also a good range of cards and gifts.Recommended!
5	I recently had a painting framed by Macdonald Framing and found the quality of framing and service to be excellent. I was torn between a black and charcoal frame so they painted a sample for me to take home. They also kept in touch to let me know when the painting was ready to collect. Other framers have insisted on payment upfront but I was able to pay for the framing once it was finished. I will definitely be using them again.
