4	Dr. Mendoza is amazing!  I actually met him while I was still pregnant because I interviewed peds before my daughter was born.  I thought I was never going to find a ped for my daughter and then I walked into Foothills Pediatrics.   Dr. Mendoza blew me away in the first interview and I have been hooked since.  I actually started taking my daughter to him from day 1. He came by my hospital room to meet Annabelle on her birthday. That really impressed me. Dr. Mendoza spends a lot of time with each patient and will answer all of your questions, even when there are a million of them.  I am a first time mom and don't know what I am doing, so I always have questions during my visits, so he always earns his pay with me. He never makes you feel rushed or hurries you in any way.  You feel like you are welcomed and part of the family.  You can even call 24 hours a day if you have any questions and you always get someone or get called back quickly. The nursing staff is also quite friendly and warm.  They seem to enjoy being around the little ones and making them comfortable.  The front office staff is friendly too. It is just a nice place to be. The only negative is that sometimes you have to wait a bit even when you have an appointment.  I once had to wait 30 minutes after my appointment time to go back and then waited another 30 minutes in the waiting room.  Again, it isn't always like that, but it has happened a couple of times.  This is the only reason why I didn't rate it a 5.
5	Dr. Mendoza is the best pediatrician you could ask for!!!  I have been told that I am an extremely picky person, which is true, but Dr. Mendoza has not failed my high expectations yet.  I interviewed 3 pediatricians before sticking with him.  I feel that my child is in the best care when we're there, he takes his time and listens to all of my concerns, and he doesn't undermine any of my requests or concerns about MY child!!!   I have to drive way out to Centennial Hills Medical Center from Summerlin but he is worth it.  And to top it off the staff at Foothills Pediatrics is very nice, the office is clean, and you're not sitting in the waiting room for hours.  Every time I've been there I'm in and out :)
4	Dr Mendoza is my son's PD (took over after my dear Dr Conti passed) and I am really pleased with him. He learned from the best :) Only down is that they are ALWAYS running late so be ready to entretain your sick kiddos and bring whatever is needed to make them feel comfortable. Staff is very friendly :)
3	When your child is sick m- f Dr mendoza is great. But when your child falls ill on a weekend DO NOT BOTHER.  They tell you to walk in between 9-10. They don't bother to tell you you'll be waiting for almost 3 hours. They need to work on their scheduling practices before taking any new clients. Last time we were here the dr and his intern sat in hallway discussing what color Jordans to buy... really?! They just need better time management is all otherwise dr mendoza is really great.
1	Sorry Dr. Mendoza we love you and drive all the way from Henderson, a 30 minute drive, just to see you. But this a review is for your office staff. They need to learn a little something called compassion. I was running late for their walk in time which is from 9-10. My daughter had hand mouth and foot. I was 19 minutes late because of traffic and trying to gather a two year old and walk her upstairs 6 months pregnant. Did they care? Nope! They said I could come back at 1 pm after I told them sorry I was running late because of traffic and that I lived all the way in Henderson. The just gave me more attitude were very rude and told me I could wait till 1. They eventually said they could fit me in before 1 because it was a really long time to wait. I'm guessing it was probably just because they wanted to lock up for lunch. But the way they treated me was so rude! Dr. Mendoza is lucky he is a great doctor with these people working for him.
5	With just one visit I am absolutely pleased with Dr. Mendoza. Completely different experience compared with Dr. Nauman. He is very comfortable to talk to with my concerns. And while my daughter was terrified to get her shots, he managed to make her laugh quite a few times. And that isn't easy with her! lol Unlike her other doctor (Dr. Nauman), I felt she was judging my every move and always had something negative to say. Dr. Mendoza is the very opposite.
1	I've been going to Dr. Mendoza for 4yrs and I have recently have gone somewhere else because of his staff. Dr Mendoza is great no problems. When I took my second son there I had problems with my insurance. So I told the front office people how to bill my husbands insurance not mines. So they neglected to tell 4 months later that one of my bills wasn't paid and I couldn't talk the nurse about my baby's rash until I made a payment. So I stupidly gave them $100. I had a huge argument with front lady and billing lady. Because they blamed me for something they did wrong which is bill my other insurance. So I went else where. Now they took the bill to collections and demanded $1,000 when bill was only $500. Now I'm stuck doing their job which make them bill my other insurance which they should've done in the beginning. And figuring out this collections. I am so very mad. So FYI be careful of how they do their billing so this doesn't happen to you!
