5	Do you like Jimmy John's or Capriotti's?  This place blows them both out of the water.  The ingredients taste so fresh and the staff is very friendly. A little pricey but I think it's worth it.
4	This is really good food!  I ate here back to back days this week because of the craving they left me with!The establishment is decorated like any other chain store.  It is clean, kinda playful but they get major points for TV's!  The ability to keep watching the Football game this Sunday factored heavily in my decision to eat here!On my first visit (Saturday) I had the Buffalo Chicken Wrap.  This little sucker packed a lot more flavor than I expected!  The chicken was surprisingly fresh and the buffalo sauce had quite a zing.  The wrap also had a hint of Bleu Cheese... just enough to back down the zing.  I was actually disappointed when I took the last bite, the food was that good!My second visit I had the BBQ Beef Sandwich.  This is too good to be at a chain sub shop.  This is the type of sandwich I would expect from a legitimate barbecue restaurant.  The flavors were great, the portions were huge.  The sauce had a nice balance and my stomach was happy with it a few hours later.  Very difficult accomplishment for BBQ!The only reason they aren't getting a full 5-stars.  One of the employee's has a little bit of an off-color sense of humor.  I am here for food, not bizarre jokes.... and stop staring at my fiance!  As well, while the prices are great, it somehow adds up to $25 very fast.  Great restaurant,  I will be back!
4	A bit pricey, but excellent sammys. I recommend the Philly cheesesteak. It's excellent!
4	I have found another sub place that I will now frequent besides Subway and Cappriotti's. They all have their unique flavors and different selection. I think Subway as a chain is good for the value, Cappriottis has their distinct sandwiches, and now Jersey Mike's - definitely high quality meats and just good sandwiches. I am a fan of many of their sandwiches including the club, the original italian and some of their hot subs including the cheesesteak. You can get it Mike's way which is how they were intended and also make sure you get the hot chili spread to spice up your sandwich.
3	gotta try this place again, tried it back in Chicago, didn't like it. Been about 4 years, let me try again in Vegas...i tried it again, not a big fan. Maybe it's the bread, or the weird guy behind the counter, but i probably won't be going back.
5	This place is bomb. com.Very customer service oriented (I love great customer service) The subs are awesome I had the Italian sub and boy was that bad boy loaded with meats.lol I only had meat, cheese, mayo and black pepper on mine.(cuz I am weird like that) The gentleman who helped me looked a little suprised and how simple I was. So I added bacon. Further more I would highly recommend this place.It is family owned, if I am not wrong.Very clean location. Prices are very pocket friendly.Enjoy.
5	The management is great! They love their customers and engage in conversation with them while making their food. They're awesome and the food is really good too.
4	I always liked jersey mikes. Close to home. Friendly people at this location. Food's great. Love the turkey breast mikes way.
5	Jersey mike is always a great place to eat!!I look for places that use high quality ingredients at a reasonable price and provide great service.This place has a plethora of choices, some served hot some cold, all delicious. They use fresh ingredients and bake their own bread. If you like spicy they have a spicy red relish sauce, that is wonderful. I used to live around the corner from this place, their excellent food and friendly service kept me coming back.  Be sure and get the rewards card if you enjoy the food. If you like italian subs they have the best Italian sandwich in town!!The manager Gary most recently gave us a  couple party platters at a discount for a charity fundraiser I was organizing. Nice to see a business help out a good cause. So if you are looking for great food made from fresh ingredients, lots of options, and friendly people who care do yourself a favor and try jersey mikes.
5	Gotta order it Mikes way w/those red pepper. Very clean place and extremely friendly. I a big sandwich kind of guy and really think this is the best in town.
5	Excellent sandwiches and friendly employees.  Very clean with quality ingredients.
4	Jersey Mikes is pretty standard. Nothing wrong with the quality of my sandwiches. Only complaint is that both employees were in the back when I entered, so I had to holler for them to come out, and when they did, while friendly, the service overall was slow. At 7pm, they had a hearty line 3-4 people deep, and both of them were working on my order for two sandwiches. I wonder when the people in line behind me got out....
1	Very disappointing to have to write this review, I heard great things about this place until I went in and witnessed the "manager" of the store yelling at one of his employees in front of about 5 customers. I know hes the manager cause I asked an employee for his name and the managers number. I couldn't believe that a "Manager" would treat one of his employees with such disrespect. After he yelled at this poor guy in front of everyone and embarrassed him, he stormed off to the back of the store hitting and throwing things with later a door slam. Meanwhile there was a big line with customers waiting to get helped. The food was good but its a damn shame that the rude a$$hole manager had to ruin this for me and other customers in there. I don't know about you, but I would NEVER go back and do business with a person who treats his employees like crap.
1	Big dude making the subs has a really bad attitude. He seems like he does not want to be there.  Cheer up dude! At least u have a job! Cashier is cool though. ..
4	One of the better places to get a steak-n-cheese... it's just pretty expensive
5	Love the staff. They know my order, always have smiles and the food is just awesome. I always get the number 7, lettuce and mayo only. Maybe one day I'll be adventurous and try something new. I do wish that they still had potato salad and macaroni salad.
5	Employees were extremely friendly. My receipt says my cashier was Erwin. He was awesome and the guy working with him was cracking jokes while people waited. Even though it's a basic sub shop their customer service sets them apart from the rest.
