5	this is my neighborhood blockbuster and i'm sure we're recognized when we walk in cause we're here a lot.  if I want a particular new release, they usually have it.. and if they don't, they're more than happy to check another location [which is pretty far.]  set up like most: new releases on the wallolder and 'just bumped off the new release' wall DVDs in the center.  the candy/snack/ice cream selection is insane.. and snack deals are always going on.games are ample and usually popular games are available.. again, if they're not.. have them check other locations. here at this particular location they have a lot of art pieces that I really appreciate! rewards: man.. totally worth it!!!! game and movie pass: also worth it!
4	I am a subscriber to the Blockbuster Online program. With that membership you get 5 free in-store "swaps" of your movies, per month. This is a great option if it's Saturday and you watched all your movies last night and you want some more but do not want to wait for the mail to do it's thing. I came into this Blockbuster location to swap some movies. The person who assisted me was very friendly and helpful. The store was clean and organized and had plenty of movies available that I wanted. I chose two movies that were just released on Friday so I was surprised that on a Saturday there were some available! Extra Star! I will be back into this location because it is conveniently located and I can guarantee I'll need to make some future swaps!
2	I walked in to rent Bridesmaid tonight. I asked them if all the DVDs were the unrated versions (as advertising on the shelving unit). I rent the Blu Ray version, go home and popped it in. Go to settings to set it to unrated version, a pop-up comes on saying that i need to buy the purchased DVD in order to enjoy the special features. I ended up watching the theatrical version. When i returned it, I walked in to let them know about the situation. One girl said quietly 'isn't that how it usually is?" the other girl looks at her, like tell her to be quiet, and said to me "well, we don't know, I'm sorry" Reminder, these are the same girls that I asked earlier about the unrated version when I first walked in to rent.Talk about false advertisement and lying to customer. Good thing was I paid the same price as a normal DVD, but bad thing is, they just let customers walk in and not get what they asked for.
3	I'm happy there is a Blockbuster near my house. Sometimes I get tired of RedBox or Blockbuster express and just want to watch some old movies. This place makes it very easy for me. The staff at this location are also friendly and very helpful. I went in the other day to look for L.A. Confidential, but they didn't have it, so they put it on hold for me at one of the other locations. I hope this place doesn't close down anytime soon because it's the only place I can really rent movies that I actually want to watch.
4	One of the few classic spots to rent movies.
4	currently going out of business!! there are currently 10 for $10 deals, $1.99 deals, $2.99 deals, and half off prices! come one, come all to people who love watching tv! I do give it some 4 stars though because it is a confusing mess!
5	Well, What can really be said they are going out of business and as one of the few left you should probably go while you can.. They are giving away everything including the wall so if you still watch movies on DVD like me stop on in you just might find something .. Or least you'll get to say goodbye to a true classic..
