5	What a hidden gem!  We just moved to Gold Canyon 3 days ago.  The restaurant choices are limited and from the store front - I was hesitant.  But what a delightful suprise!  The food is fantastic!  We have become experts as we have eaten there every day  - every meal is great.  They seem to have such pride in their level of food quality.  The service is excellent as well.   This is a very small cafe type place - it's not fancy.  It's more of a cozy / homey place where you feel like family is cooking your meal and serving you as well.   I would definately recommend!
4	Wonderful food, nice menu, casual attire, nice friendly service.Cute small restaurant with home cooked dinners. Very reasonable prices.  Family owned. Good place to get a hot meal for two under twenty dollars.
3	very friendly, good food, decor could use a little work, but its family owned and operated, and the prices are extremely reasonable!  Have been there twice and enjoyed the food and service both times
4	It's nice to always have to go to the chain restaurants and Gold Canyon Cafe is the perfect answer to the quick, "where should we go eat." The food is homemade and always tastes good. The service is friendly and thorough. The pricing is a great value for what you pay. I give it 4 stars because I wish t was open longer hours and sometimes you have to put-up with the hoards of poor tipping, loud, and overly critical snow birds.
5	Absolutely best breakfast anywhere....fast hot and delicious..highly reccomended...
5	If you enjoy good home cooked meals, this is the restaurant for you.  Everything is made from scratch with tender loving care.  The owner knows his cooking and it really shows!I would recommend this cafe to anyone.  Great food at great prices.
4	I went to GCC on a fluke but ended up loving it! The food is home cooked and there are even some vegetarian options! The grilled cheese/mushroom/tomato sandwich is really good, others at the table really enjoyed the roast beef/veggies, the catfish dinner and the cod. All the dishes are ample to huge, the prices are excellent, and the service is great!I want to try their breakfast and malt shakes soon (but not at the same time:)).
4	You can't beat the down home cooking at the Cafe.  Every night there is a new dinner special all for under 7.99.  Stuffed cabbage on Monday,  lasagna and steak in Tuesday, best catfish in the west on Thursday.  No ambiance.  It is all about home style food at affordable prices.
3	Three stars based on hubby's liver and onions and  the soup of the day - lots to eat but his mashed potato request came as a baked potato. However, the fish special was not great (I would give that only two stars), overcooked and served with very tired cole slaw and tartar sauce that was discolored around the edges. Very disappointing considering many of the comments mentioned home-cooked quality. And please wipe the water spots off the cutlery.
4	wonderful little cafe! the food was plentiful and really good. The staff was friendly and efficient!!  will go there often!
5	Really liked this place.  Surprisingly good food, since it was off the road in a mall. Substantial menu choices but lots of choices.  Good service.  I couldn't finish the fantastic onion rings or chicken fried steak sandwich.  My wife had a great grilled chicken and fries.   Down home cooking at its best.  Wonderful place, we'll stop here every time we go up to Phoenix.   Price is right.
5	Just can not beat the food here! Wonderful friendly waitstaff.  Prices so low it is cheaper to eat here than at home.  Had the cod dinner here last night.  Liver & onions fantastic !  I have eaten here at least 12 times and never had a bad meal.
5	Excellent Green Chile Omelet!! Full of cheese, and the green chile sauce was delicious. Huevos Rancheros were excellent too. Very friendly owner/chef and his daughter/waitress.
4	It it weren't for Yelp, A. I never would have known about this place and B. if I did happen to stumble upon it, I would have turned around after walking through the door because it looks very much like a small school cafeteria;  I do not have many fond memories of school cafeterias and their offerings.  However, I trust my fellow Yelpers, so my mom and I gave it a shot for lunch. The menu including home-cooked food, and I was happy to see stuffed cabbage was the special of the day (I'm usually embarrassed to admit I love the stuff it cuz it just seems like senior-citizen food).  We ordered a starter of the fried zucchini, and were pleasantly surprised when the huge plate of fresh cut zucchini SPEARS--not coins-- arrived.  The crispy batter was light and crispy, and I could have made a meal of the zucchini alone.  When our entrees arrive,  my cabbage rolls were massive and decent--I personally like a tangier tomato sauce.  Mom's burger was a hand-formed patty, juicy and delicious and her cole slaw was fresh and was equally tasty.My four stars are based on food alone. The detractors were the mashes potatoes and brown gravy that came with my cabbage rolls (both seemed pre-packaged and not homemade) and the bottled ranch dressing that came with the fried zucchini.  Zucchini that good deserves homemade ranch. The place is clean and the service was just fine.  I look forward to going back and sampling some other menu items.
4	We had a nice breakfast at Gold Canyon Cafe- I recommend the avocado toast and the baked egg and sausage sandwich. If you go early-ish on the weekend,you should have no trouble getting a table.
4	This was an amazing stop for breakfast/lunch on my trip to Phx. Customer service was amazing, food was great worthwhile to stop!!!!! Your missing something great if you dont. Great atmosphere for kids or just to relax coffee house style!
4	Five spice chicken sandwich is tasty especially with a hard boiled egg. Skip the pork and shrimp spring rolls, it's mostly just lettuce and carrots with very little meat.
5	Wonderful food! There were 4 of us and we had an Arizona burger, bacon cheeseburger, chili burger and the Philly steak sandwich. Everyone loved their Meal! Great fries as well. Large variety to choose from on the menu as well!
4	Great place to support local entrepeneur!!  The food is great and yes, they do get busy, but sit back and relax....the great food is worth the wait!!
