4	I give this place four stars because it's really outstanding  food! The fries are fresh cut and the hamburger meat is quality. However, their prices are way outta line compared to the  competition. Cheese burgers, fries, & a drink $14.00.?!?!
1	I was so excited to see a new place come to the neighborhood, went in on a Saturday afternoon & ordered a cheeseburger & small fries & a bacon cheeseburger for husband. The food was greasy and slippery the patties fell out of soggy buns the fries were soggy in some parts and still raw in other sections :( for two cheeseburgers & 1 small fry it was $20 . Which if food was good not biggie but you can go have in & out for much better quality and about half the price for combos.
3	Been to Five Guys a few different times. The best one was in Wisconsin by my Dad's house. Maybe it was just getting to have lunch with him that made it so special.This is another one of those burger chain places where you can have your order tailored to the way you want. Wow ... what a concept!Inside has your basic counter service with a large amount of seating around small tables and chairs. The decorations are simple and they seem proud about who they are and what they do. You will always see several "Best of ____" signs plastered all over the walls.Usually order one of the Burgers and a Dog. The Fries are so big that you can split them with a friend or loved one. The orders will promptly arrive in a large greasy brown bag. Normally tear it open and spread it all over the table. Kinda like camping?Service is always friendly and the food is OK. This is probably not my favorite establishment for burgers or dogs. Everything is pretty expensive considering the type cuisine. Fifteen bucks for a Little Cheese Burger, a Little Fries and a Hot Dog is COO COO CRAZY!Consider spending a little extra money for a high quality Gourmet Burger somewhere else. There are plenty of tasty places all around this area. Unless you just can't resist the all you can eat Peanut gimmick. PEANUT ALERT!2.75 STARS
1	Disappointed in my visit to this Five Guys.  Ordered Bacon Cheese Burger and small Fry with drink that tallied $14.  Got my order and after initial inspection, noticed there was only one patty rather than the two expected in my order.  (even as I type this, I feel as if I'm turning into some Austin Powers "Fat Bastard"creature complaining that I did not get my full fat intake...an slapping my belly while doing so)Purely from a financial perspective, I brought this to the counter attendant's attention who was super apologetic.  The grill guy overheard the exchange and was also super accommodating offering to remake the order.  All I really wanted was credit for my order to return the $1 difference between the regular hamburger (2 patty) and little hamburger (1 patty).The counter attendant said she had to get the manager.  After waiting for about 10 minutes, the manager strolled over to my table to ask if everything was ok.  Perhaps maybe the counter attendant briefed her on the situation..nahh.I explained the situation and said all I really wanted was $1 back to make it even.  She offered instead to "take care of my next time I was in".  Um..not sure what that entailed but pressed on with my $1 refund.  After another 15 minutes, she returned with $3.  I insisted that I only wanted $1 but she stayed firm at $3.  Anyhow, my experience rating is largely due to my error in order but also the weird refund acrobatics that were apparently required.   The hamburger wasn't worth the $7 either.
3	So a Five Guys opened up near my neck of the woods.  I guess it had to happen sooner or later.I'm not really sure if there's anything I could say most people who have ever eaten at a five guys don't already know.  If you haven't been initiated into the quick service world of Five guys here's a rundown of the concept:It's a good fast food burger, albeit a little pricier than it should be.  The difference between a regular burger and a little burger is two or one patties.  The fries are huge (even the small).  The soda fountain is one of those cool touchscreen machines that has a million options.  Peanuts are left out for customers to enjoy as many as they like.What I like about Five Guys over it's competitors is the availability of online ordering.  Why wait in line?  You can log on to the website, enter exactly what you want, then walk to the pickup counter and be on your way with your food.
1	I have heard a lot of good things about Five Guys so I decided to try it out.  I ordered two burgers, two fries, two drinks, and a hot dog and was shocked by the price.  Over $30.00 is ridiculous in my opinion.  I figured it must be really great but that assumption was wrong.  It tasted like any other burger and hotdog out there.  The best part were the Cajun fries.  The order took about 30 minutes, which was also ridiculous.  If I am going to wait that long when there are only 3 other tables occupied, it had better be amazing.  Very disappointed in the price and taste.  Other fast food places are far better.
2	Good: They were very friendly and the store is new and clean with a nice raised outdoor patio and it's next to Starbucks. Not good: $5 for a BLT. Nothing else. Not what I was expecting at all. Basically a burger without the burger. Cold dry bun. 1 slice of tomato. Iceberg lettuce. Old tasting crumbly hard bacon. No mayo. No condiments of any kind. Dry, boring, overpriced, unsatisfying. Felt like they just figured out a way to throw together their leftover ingredients without a burger and make it sound like something good and make a huge profit off ingredients that cost them a quarter.
3	I don't get it.  I'm really unsure what all the fuss is about with Five Guys.  I've eaten here and at other locations on a few occasions and I don't taste what makes this burger any better than the countless other offerings out there.  Both burgers and fries are very average.The service has always been great and the place is clean and comfortable.  But my issue is simply that there is nothing that makes me say "Let's go to Five Guys" when we want burgers.
5	This place is amazing. So glad they opened up in my neighborhood. Burgers are amazing and the staff is extremely polite.
4	Great burgers, nice service but the price is a little high. The cajun fries spicy are not that tasty. I like that there are no fillers or preservatives and the toppings are free. I will come back and try their hot dog, nice sitting outside next to Starbucks. Love love love love the fact that you can choose any soda that you want.
