3	As with other branches of the chain I've patronised this does what it says on the tin  large portions for a decent price along with a fairly sensibly priced bar. The service was very good too.Where it seems to be missing a trick though, given it's location & the views to Fife, is not having a beer garden. Given its location there could be concerns about the clientele it might attract with that but it still seems worth a try.
2	If rock hard burned yet miraculously Undercooked potatoes, end cuts of a roast and ice cold veg is your thing then by all means waste your money and time sitting waiting 15 mins for your drink, and standing in queues for 20 mins when there's no servers at the hotplate. Honestly it'd take less effort and money to cook your own meal and you have more chance of it being hot too.
3	Lucky my friend had a car and decided to eat here before our Cramond Beach walk.  This is my first time in a Toby Carvery ever.  The location near the beach and the fact that it is a huge family gathering style eatery makes it perfect for a family gathering and a nice walk at the beach to let the children run wild and burn some fat.  I have the barbecue chicken wings to start off.  Smothered in barbecue sauce, the wings were average and accompanied by a yogurt style dip.  We then proceeded to get the main roasts.  There was a queue but soon it was our turn.  I was a bit disappointed with the portion of the meat.  You get 4 to choose from - gammon, pork, beef & turkey.  You can either choose all 4 or choose a selection.  I chose everything except turkey.  The pork was dry but the other 2 were just OK.  Funnily enough I wasn't given extra of another since I opted out of the turkey.  My friend chose 2 so she got 2 miserable thin slices only.  You can take as much of the other extra as you want.  They consist of yorkshire pudding, pork crackling, stuffing, brocolli and cheese, mash, potatoes, peas, parsnips, carrots and a few more others.  They looked like they have been mass prepared so lack of quality.  Gravy station consists of beef, vegetarian option and another.  Horseradish sauce was the best amongst the sauces.Waitresses were very friendly and helpful though.  Everyone working there were always smiling and no attitude.  Unfortunately, food is just average and just enough to make my stomach happy.  Nothing special to be honest.  Off to the beach to burn some fat!
