5	In the past, I've dreaded going to  Urgent Care centers. I've generally felt like they're dirty, crowded, involve long waits and uninterested physicians.Which is why I'd highly recommend Southwest Urgent Care - they're exactly the opposite. I've been here three times and it's never been crowded, and I've never had a long wait (to be fair, I come in the a.m., which probably helps). The waiting room is immaculate. The staff is friendly. And the physicians have all been great. An example? Earlier this year, I rushed to this place before leaving for a South American vacation because I was coming down with a nasty sinus/lung problem. Dr. Laney listened to my concerns and gave me some additional medication because he knew I'd be somewhere where I couldn't easily get medical care and he didn't want me to be sick on my honeymoon. Thank God he did, too, as I ended up having to use the "super antibiotic" to kick whatever bug I had.Anyhow, I've seen another doctor and one of the P.A.s here, too, in the past year, and they've all been great. I'd highly recommend coming here if you are sick and in the East Valley.Oh and I almost forgot - they let you check in online, so you don't have as long a wait once you arrive!
5	I went to Southwest Urgent Care the first time on a Saturday morning... a 5 minute wait is all I met.  The second time I went there on a Thursday at 5 and it was only 10 minutes. The two doctors I had there  were Dr. Laney and Dr. Hochuli and both of them were friendly and knowledgeable and they showed that they really cared for me.In the future I would go there in a heartbeat.
5	Best urgent care experience ever..Basic case of Strep throat.. went in on a Saturday Afternoon.. the longest part was filling out paperwork.  I was out of there with prescriptions in hand within 20 minutes!! Staff very friendly, too! t
4	Fast, professional service and friendly staff -- what more could you want?  A muscle spasm in my back is what lead me to visit them; I had a flight out the next morning so wouldn't be able to see my PCM.  I arrived shortly after they opened on Sunday morning, was walking out the door in less than 20 minutes.  I'd recommend them to anyone.   Only complaint was that the option to check in online didn't seem to work.  I live less than 5 minutes away, so wasn't a big deal, but would have been nice to been able to register before arriving.
5	In and out within the hour. Nice staff. Kim saw me and seemed very knowledgeable & super caring.
