1	HORRIBLE HORRIBLE COMPANY.  DO NOT RENT FROM THEM AT ANY COST.  Our building had a problem with bedbugs, and they denied it all they way to the bank.  It wasn't until a group of people threatened to sue and move out did they finally allow us out of our lease.  Then they refused to give us our deposit back. Will not rent from them for any amount of money in the world.
2	I moved out of Hoodridge Court about a week ago; it was a good apartment BUT the real estate co was absolutely horrific. The apartment itself was very out of date - broken screens, wobbly and unattached shower head, chipped window frames, paint drips - but it served me well regardless. The maintenance man twice failed to inform me that he was showing my apartment until literally less than a half hour before the prospective tenant arrived and he was unable to put a screen back into the window frame even though I put it back in myself right after he left. As for the corporation itself, words cannot describe how horrible they were. Mary, the woman in charge of my property, was terrible. She charged us 3 months in a row for a parking space we NEVER had and didn't believe us when we tried to clear this up. Also, they claimed that we were late on our payments - which NEVER happened - and took weeks to get back to us when there was any issue. It is a completely unprofessional, unreliable company which is a shame because the apartment itself was very affordable and convenient. Also, the pet fee is $20 a month and the end units are $10 more expensive.
1	This is not the worst landlord I've ever dealt with, but they come awfully close.  During our first year of marriage, my wife and I rented a 1-bedroom apartment at Negley Courts (5628 Fifth Ave., Pittsburgh PA 15232); it was an old building with paper-thin walls, but within walking distance of my workplace at the time.  In terms of location, it was near perfect.  In terms of livability, though ... not so much.The good: they do allow for one cat for an additional fee every month.  That's about the only good comment I can make about this landlord, sadly enough.The bad: walls are paper-thin; there's precious little parking to be had; if you get locked out or need maintenance, chances are that you'll be waiting for hours (we once got acquainted with a very nice neighbor of ours when she got locked out of her apartment; she was still waiting to be let back into her apartment hours later); the entire apartment complex stinks of cigarette smoke.The ugly: absolutely not child friendly.  This landlord threatened to kick us out once our baby was born (we'd given them notice far in advance, and they'd told us it would be okay), because he was apparently making too much noise for the tenants around us.  Funny -- I'm a physician with a wife and children; it's not as if we party into the night or anything.  We also had a psycho living one floor down from us who would regularly rant, rave, and threaten harm upon us whenever we made as much as a noise -- even if that noise was just us walking around!  Funny how she never came up to have a discussion with us.The verdict: if you happen to be a solitary figure who is away from his/her apartment most of the time, and never have friends over, this may be the landlord for you.  Otherwise, if you have any semblance of a life, avoid this landlord like the plague.
3	I'm giving them three stars because I have rented from two separate properties of theirs and I am gonna give the rating based on both. 1. Colony west- amazing apartments located near Robert Morris university and the airport.   They have a pool, a gym, and 24 hour maintenance on site. The property manager is awesome! Michelle is extremely helpful and respectful. Two thumbs up to her! My only complaint would be the parking situation. Lots of college students live there+not that many spaces... You do the math. I rented from them for four years and I rarely had any issues. When I did. The staff was very quick to make it right. 2. Castletone- easily one of the WORST apartment buildings in mt. Lebanon. This apartment building is literally falling part due to age and lack of up keep. Hot as hell in the summer and cold as ice in the winter. The windows are not sealed properly causing you to freeze in the winter. The carpets in the hallways smell of dirty diaper and cigarettes. There is constantly something wrong with one of the machines in the laundry room. The water pressure is the worst, sometimes there is hardly any. Hot water takes ages even though I'm pretty sure they just replaced the tank. I could go on for ages, but I won't. If your looking to move to the mt. Lebanon area be ware. The low price for rent attracts you, but you will want to move out the same month you move in!
1	Stay away from these ppl. Back when I was in college , my friend resided in Begley court apartments. A month after he moved in, his ceiling suddenly broke. It was so bad that you could see all.the loose wires hanging out of it. The maintenance ignored my friends repeated calls and refused to place him in an alternative location. The poor guy lived there in such dangerous conditions for over a year. The guy was a foreigner and had no idea she could have suited these folks to bankruptcy. They totally took advantage of his ignorance of the system.
4	Wow, I'm surprised at all of the negative reviews.  Am I renting from the same company?I've lived in the Aberdeen on Bayard for three years now, and I have very few complaints.  The super here, Joe, is very friendly and helpful, and fixes things in a timely manner.  He's also very fair about returning your deposit if you leave your place clean and in good shape (I know because I moved to a different apt. within the same building after my first year).  The public areas of the building are generally well-kept and clean, and the walls are thick enough that I never hear my neighbors when I'm in my apt.--the only way I ever hear them at all is if I happen to pass their doors.My only complaints are the following:1.) Roaches: One of the reasons I moved to my current apt. is because I would occasionally see German cockroaches in my old apt., usually on the splashboard or the counter in the kitchenette.  I complained to the super, and he baited and sprayed, which would keep the problem at bay for about 6 mos.  However, he refused to install a makeshift internal wall behind the sink because he claimed the electrical lead for the building was back there, and this was its ventilation (sounds sketchy, if you ask me), and I'm positive that's where they were coming from.  My current apt. doesn't have the German ones, but twice I've found scary-sized American ones that snuck in under the front door.  This is one of the hazards of living in a basement-level apt., though.  And, to be honest, I doubt there are many older apt. buildings in PGH that don't have them.2.) Lack of recycling: When I first moved in, there was recycling.  However, about a year ago, the super took the recycle bin for the bldg. away, since he claimed that too many people were abusing it (?), and he didn't want to deal with it.I've only had to deal with the actual company a couple of times, but the property manager has been diligent about returning my calls and helpful.Based on my experience and research I did before I moved in, Union is one of the better residential rental companies in PGH.  Their rent prices are reasonable, and they keep up their properties.  Unlike my friend who rents from Mozart, I don't have to deal with them barging into my apt. without notice and "grading" my housekeeping (the former of which, BTW, I'm pretty sure is illegal, even though it's in the contract), and they respond to problems in a timely and helpful manner. In PGH, this is almost as good as it gets when it comes to landlords. 4.5 stars.
1	I lived in Negley Court apartments. The good was that it was relatively economical. The bad: the place was quite dirty, the garage run down (water leaks and filth) and overall the place in pretty bad repair. This is all stuff you can put up with. What was amazingly unpleasant and very unprofessional was the property manager (Mary Blocher). I found her to be generally lazy, rude and highly uncooperative. In the end it was even impossible to get her to do a handover when I moved out (there was nobody there to take the keys). Ultimately I had to contact her manager to get the deposit back. He claimed that she'd been put on a different job, alas, as I can see, she's still working there. Easily the worst property manager I ever had the misfortune of interacting with.And yes, I did not want to post this review while I was still renting for fear of retaliation.
