2	Friendly atmosphere and very good service. But the Reuben sandwich didn't have very much meat, a disappointment since the other ingredients were plentiful.
5	Yum!You know when it's lunchtime and you are looking for the perfect kind of regular joe diner type experience? Nothing fancy but solid eats at a decent price? You've found it! This place is exactly what it looks like, only better! Soup, sandwiches, burgers, salads, breakfast all day (actually 2:30, when they close), except the quality of the ingredients and care taken with prep is a notch better than you'd expect. All the food is really good, with fast friendly service to boot. I'd like to try other places on this block, but it's hard not to go here every time lunch rolls around!
4	Great service and good food. Burger was quality and only $4.25. Great lunch spot.
4	If you want Thai food, the Northside has it. If you want Italian, the Northside has it. If you want Middle Eastern, Irish, Mexican, you guessed it, the Northside has it. Sometimes though, I just want some good ol' fashion American comfort food and that's when I turn to the Allegheny Sandwich Shoppe.A breakfast and lunch spot located on Western Ave, the Allegheny Sandwich Shop makes delicious, straight forward breakfast classics, home made soups, a damn fine chili, and awesome sandwiches. I'll even go as far to say that they make the best rueben in the city. One thing that I love about this place is that for the most part you can order anything on the menu at any time during the day. I've been know to wake up on a Saturday morning feeling less stellar. Knowing that I can come here and get a coffee, water, and a hot roast beef sandwich with fries and gravy at 9:30 in the morning makes the occasional hangover a hell of a lot easier to deal with. Do yourself a favor some beautiful weekend and come to the Northside, go for a walk through the park, and come to Allegheny Sandwich Shop to satisfy whatever craving you may have.
5	A lot of places claim to be the 'best breakfast in town', so I passed this one too many times. This is perfect home cooking on the run, with fresh bread, farm fresh eggs, and ingredients. It's not the fancy bunch spot with the fancy price tag, but it is affordable real food. Daily soups (3) are also very good. Chowder is very creamy and less clamy.
5	This place is adorable! It's the small and cozy kind of place you expect to see in a Hallmark Christmas movie. And it's the kind of place that you can easily find yourself becoming a 'regular'. The staff were really nice,service was fast and the food was delicious and cheap. I will definitely be back!
