5	Seriously, THE best 'cue in the Valley!This is a family operation, and the Coopers know their barbeque. They should; they've have been doing BBQ in Chandler for over 20 years. What's so special? Well, they slow-smoke their meats with Arizona mesquite. They use locally-grown beef and pork when available. And they know their side dishes.Yummy, like-grandma-made-it potato salad. Simple and tasty Cowboy beans. And fresh, crisp cole slaw are some of their specialties.They also make wonderful buttermilk biscuits and homemade lemonade.Large portions are another plus. You will not go away hungry!
3	The correct address is 1650 S. Gilbert, Gilbert, AZ 85295. I did like the pork ribs but didn't think they were the best in the valley. It looks like there is a dry rub on the ribs but I couldn't taste it. The ribs are black and look crusty but there is no taste of any spices. The sauces are good and are needed. I have eaten some ribs with a really good dry rub that needs nothing else. I would rate the ribs average. There is a choice of 2 kinds of beans, I had the one with sausage in it, pretty good. The peach cobbler was good too.
5	Now THIS is BBQ!!I have tried about 5 BBQ spots in AZ and this one is BY FAR the best.  The meats are so perfectly smoked you almost don't need BBQ sauce.... however, since their BBQ sauce is soooo good, you would be crazy not to!  Paradoxical, huh?Their ribs are to die for and easily the best ribs I have ever tasted, anywhere.  Their brisket is unreal and pulled pork is heavenly.  Their prices are also very good and you can just buy meat by the pound.  I usually get like 1/2 lb. brisket, 1/2 lb. pulled pork, side of beans and a drink for under $15.  And they do not skimp on the portions... a .5lb is easily a .70lb and will get you enough for two plates of leftovers.  It's insane.Seriously, if you love BBQ and are thinking of going to that other place up Gilbert Rd., drive an extra 3 miles or so south and go here, you won't be disappointed!NOTE:  Their BBQ sauce is gluten-free and so are their BBQ beans.
3	Some friends and I went for lunch one day.  To be honest, I've had better and compared to Joe's in Gilbert, I prefer Joe's.  Every person is different with their taste of BBQ though, so whatever.It was okay though, I'd go back if invited.  For all the seasons that look like there is in the rub on the ribs, I didn't taste a thing...maybe that was their point, but I had different expectations.  The prices for lunch are reasonable considering the amount of food you get.
5	***** RETAIL LOCATION CLOSED *****grrrrr!  Retail location closed.  Their 20yr catering business is still in full swing, but their retail shop is closed.  Sucks.
