1	I don't want to waste too much time on this place, but since I mentioned it in another review I feel obligated to say a few words.This is the worst Burger King in the world so far, and I have been to some bad ones. Everything manages to have a bitter taste that I just cannot explain. I seem to remember a time when BK did not nuke every single thing, but those days are a fading memory. Bitter taste plus microwaved texture equals food that hogs would turn up a nose at. Still the place is usually crowded. The one redeeming quality is the staff. I've worked a block away for two and a half years and a lot of the crew have worked there that whole time. They're pretty friendly considering what they get paid. Still, the food is just so terrible I cannot bring myself to give it even two stars.
3	Driving down Central the other day I got the munchies mid morning.  I got a croissant sandwich.  The palce was clean, the service was pleasant, and my sandwich was cooked fresh.
2	Just proving I'm not a foodie snob ;) well it's cheap, effective and comes with free packets of ketchup. Enjoy!
4	Awesome food, awesome service (night crew), awesome time. Thanks guys
4	Driving down central about to head to another lunch location when the driver starts talking about Burger King and whoppers, so you know we had to find the nearest Bk. The taste of the whopper is so good and unique. Plus I haven't had one in a while. Upon arriving to this location, it is not busy at all, and the parking lot is empty but that doesn't stop our Whopper journey. It is a dated Bk but playing some good tunage!The man who took our order was very nice and seemed happy to have a customerWe both got whoppers and I actually opted for the double whopper, don't judge me, hahaI didn't know that they got the new Coca Cola machines. I think they're like "free style" super cool and so many flavors. I was happy to see Cherry Coke. Since the Bk isn't busy our good was made from scratch which is kinda neatThe whopper is nice, fresh, and hot Totally goodThe fries are super fresh which is very uncommon at any fast food joint :)This was such a good last second choice and a total money saver :)
2	If you come here to dine in close to closing time DO NOT sit in the back section or you will get scolded by the Latina hussie behind the counter.
1	I've tried really hard to like this location since it is close to work, but everything about it is just no.First off, it's BK so the quality of food is not great anyway, but this location tends to be more on the weak side.Secondly, the staff consistently make errors on orders, wasting food and customers' time when they have to remake something. What's worse is they're usually rude about it. It's like hey you didn't type it into the register correctly, that's not really my fault. They will argue with you and make sure you know you can't have it your way, no matter what their slogan is.Lastly, they don't honor coupons the correct way. I just went there with a buy-one-get-one-free coupon that blatantly says I would get a free Whopper sandwich of equal or lesser value with the purchase of one. NOWHERE does it say that it excludes special Whoppers like the Angry Whopper, etc. So when I asked if I could get an Angry Whopper and the free one be a regular Whopper, the Hispanic, older (maybe 40s) woman with long, painted nails (describing her so you know to stay away from her - she is referred to as the "Latina hussie" in the other post) asked me passive aggressively if I wanted an Angry Whopper and two regular Whoppers.No, that is EXACTLY why I was asking if I could get that deal because other BKs actually honor the coupon and its ambiguity. I said the coupon didn't specify but she handed me the coupon, roller her eyes like she had something better to do, and said it only applied to REGULAR Whoppers. Okay, so never going back to your sh*thole because other BKs actually take the coupon and apply it to any Whopper, thanks.
