4	My wife and I were there for the opening night of this new Restaurant. Didn't think we'd be able to get a table but when we walked up they were very nice to accommodate us even though it looked fairly full. While waiting, we were able to take a look at the decor, people, etc... I personally really liked the clean and hip look of the place and where the tables were in relation to the bar and other parts of the restaurant. The main dining area was slightly elevated from the lounge area, thus creating a separation but was close that it didn't feel like I was disconnected to the bar area where there were a lot of people to watch. It definitely isn't the place if you want a quiet-dinner-for-two, but for my wife and I, it was great.Once we got seated, we decided to choose multiple small plates so that we can try different things. We had a sushi roll, a noodle dish with duck, crab cake/ball, and some items from the dim sum menu. The food was generally a 3.5 out of 5 for us because it didn't blow us away but we couldn't really say anything too bad about it. It was just what you'd expect at an Asian fusion menu and not much more...There was one thing that we really didn't like -1) Maybe because it was the opening night but they had way too many people working on the floor! Usually having enough staff to make sure that you are properly and timely taken care of is key to a good experience. In the case of that night, it was uncomfortably filled with workers where they were everywhere and standing around between tables, along the walls making it very distracting to have so much crowd stand around and walk between the tables. I sure hope that gets adjusted quickly.  With that said, our server, Ryan, was excellent - tried to give our space but was very attentive and informative. All in all we would likely return especially if staying at Wynn/Encore.
3	I tried the  sliders and Crispy rice tuna. It was decent but  overpriced like most places in Vegas. Nothing to go back for.
3	Like a few other reviewers, I was also there on opening night. I had no idea what to expect (my husband made reservations without knowing anything about the restaurant).The food was good and seeing that it is a fine dining restaurant in Encore, for the prices I was actually surprised at the portions. Many of the dishes are meant to be shared and this is exactly what we did. It was plenty of food for me though my husband probably could have used one more dish ;).We had the fried pork pot stickers, garlic noodles with scallops, the shrimp tempura roll and the fun little dessert trio.Everything was tasty, the scallops were tender and not sandy, and you could taste the individual ingredients (nothing covered in too much sauce or oil). The drinks were unique, really yummy and comparably priced to other Strip bars/restaurants. I liked the vibe of the place, decked out in mostly white with a lot of high top tables, wait staff in all black, lots of space and iPads to review and order your drinks. But among all this hipness (which I typically may not like) the DJ played an interesting mix of music (70s, 80s, 90s). For me this was the exact foil needed to make sure it wasn't too hip.The bar area was roomy and the whole place comfortable enough that I would definitely go back just to hang out and have drinks.I gave it only 3 stars because I've had the same quality and creativeness in Asian cuisine at other establishments for much less cost. I've experienced it once, I probably won't go back for the food. But you're not just paying for the food, you are paying for the ambiance so if you're looking for that nice combo, consider it a 4 and give it a chance.
4	I haven't eaten here but I've had drinks at the bar and I LOVE the ambiance. The restaurant is chic, trendy and has that Vegas glitz and sexiness with creams, whites and golds for the color motif. This would be a great date place.The cocktail menu is a high-tech interactive iPad. I thought that was really cool... first time I've seen something like that. There is an extensive list of speciality cocktails - I tried several and they were all VERY tasty, unique, and beautiful. Most nights they have a live DJ spinning the music - so the music throughout the evening was great, hip, (but not too distracting) and with a constant beat that put you in the mood to go out after or keep the evening going.I love restaurants with a trendy, sexy lounge feel, yummy cocktails, and gets my evening started... Andrea's definitely gave me that.On a side note, this would be a great place to rent out for a sexy and hip birthday party, event or engagement party.
4	Had dinner with a group, food was excellent, service was good and ambiance was very sexy and modern.  Nice place for a romantic dinner as well as a business meeting.
4	I have the best boss in the world; he is the ultimate foodie so when he takes me out to dinner, we always end up at great places. This place, apparently had only been open for 10 days when we visited. We had a 9pm reservation and arrived 15 min prior to have drinks. Walking in, there was a crowd right by the door. I lightly pushed my way through and came face to face with Steve Wynn. Yes, that guy. Then I heard a familiar voice, looked to the right and it was George Clooney. Ok we are off to an interesting start.  There was an entourage of about 20 people so we had to wait for an hour before we were seated -and this was with a reservation at 9!!  So we didn't even get to sit down until nearly 10pm. The people watching was interesting and the ambiance at the place was very hip.The food was good. I had the misoyaki cod which is always good, doesn't matter where you go. The appetizers were just okay and they weren't flexible to changes. Would I come here again? Not at these prices on my own dime. But if the boss is paying? Absolutely. Who knows who I would see next time.
5	Amazing and beautiful restaurant. We tried a ton of different menu items, but if you only try one thing .... You must try their KOBE SLIDERS WITH BANANA KETCHUP!!!!! They are perfection!!!!!I also love the har gow dim sum (steamed prawn dumpling). It's healthy and delicious. The restaurant has a romantic yet chill vibe... Definitely a great place to eat light, relax, have a few signature cocktails (my favorite is THE DREAM) before you go out on the town!!!
1	I love the Wynn/Encore etc. and most of their restaurants, NOT THIS ONE.  Got there for a 9:00PM  reservation.  Seems loud and clubby, but prepared for that end.  They didnt seat us il 9:30 and then it was a bar table.  15-20 minutes before someone came by took our order for food and drinks, then 30 minutes goes by, with NOTHING.  Another server pops in and ask if we need help, we explain that we ordered byt dont have anything, they seems confused, annoyed, and that was the end of our attempt.  I cant imagine, Wynn lets this place operate this way for too long.  We weren't the on;y ones storming out.  Rude staff and bad experience, but give it a try, maybe you catch them on a day they want to change... :(
1	I went to Andrea's on Saturday night with a group of friends for my boyfriends birthday. We had made reservations a few weeks before and were really excited to try the new place and then go out to his birthday celebration afterwards. We had no idea we would be waiting over and hour just to be seated and ended up missing our original plans.When we arrived for our 9:30 reservation at 9:10 we were told it would be a few minutes to get the table ready. At 9:40 my boyfriend checked back in and was once again told it would be a few more minutes to prepare the table. 30 minutes past our reservation time and almost 45 minutes of waiting I finally asked the hostess what was going on and explained this was a very special occasion and we made reservations for a reason. She told me that people were at our table and we would need to wait. Finally after an hour of waiting I told her we would be leaving if we were not seated immediately. We finally got a table set up for us, in the bar area, not even in the actual dining area. Overall this was NOT a good experience. The food was very mediocre for the price and the service was close to the service you get at fast food but extremely slower. In the end we ended up missing the event we had planned for after dinner and my boyfriend spent his birthday night waiting an hour when we had a reservation. We essentially paid $300 to waste our night away and miss his birthday event afterwards. My advice would be if you are going to accept reservations make sure you hold them, not make people wait an hour. They clearly have respect for their customers.  After looking at other Yelp reviews this seems to be the norm for them. I would not recommend this place to anyone unless you want to waste an hour of your life.
5	Tonight was our first visit to Andrea's. We've heard that the place can be mobbed, so we made our reservations for 7:30.  Turns out that taking an 'early' dinner on a Friday night was an excellent idea.  By the time we left, the place was packed and people were waiting in line just to see the hostess.The service was amazing.  We've come to expect a higher caliber of service in LV, and Andrea's is no exception.  We had a team of people assigned to our table, catering to our every whim.The food was outstanding as well.  I can personally vouch for the sushi - which was some of the best I've ever experienced.  The other guests at the table had rave reviews for the scallops and vegetable dishes as well.In my book the music was a touch on the loud side (I never thought those words would ever come out of my mouth), but I suppose that is just what happens at a trendy nightclub-esque restaurant on a Friday night.Overall, it was a great experience!
5	We (party of 6) decided to try Andreas last Saturday night. We don't usually go on the strip but had to get our bets in for the Super bowl. We had a reservation time of 9:45pm, when we walked in the restaurant was absolutely packed!!! The hostesses greeted us immediately and asked us if we would like to have a cocktail first in the lounge, we did just that and some what a great atmosphere and vibe. We were escorted to our table and sat approximately 10:03pm, not a bad wait considering how busy it was. Our server was spot on and recommended that we begin with a sushi and sashimi platter, I have been in F&B for year and rarely take pictures of food but had to and will attach to this post. The sushi is right there with Nobu, Sushi Roku, Yellowtail i.e. it was outstanding in presentation, flavor and grade "A+"!Our server then insisted we try the NY Strip we ordered three and they could have been the best thing I have smelled coming through a dining room in a very longtime. The group sitting next to us even asked what we had ordered so we shared a piece and they ordered the NY as well. My fiance ordered the lobster entree unbelievable presentation. Our friends had ordered a variety of seafood dishes, crab fried rice, rock shrimp, ponzu broccoli and stir-fried Japanese eggplant. We are definitely coming back not just for the amazing food and service but this wasn't your typical vibe dining restaurant much more chic and comfortable.
3	My sister and I went on Saturday Night (2/9/13) before heading to Surrender. We had a reservation at 10:45 pm and got sat right away. The restaurant had an amazing vibe. The food was really good but the edamame had way too much truffle oil on it. I gave it three stars for two reasons; the service was below par and our appetizers came out before our bottle of wine. I would come back again for another late night dinner or before club dinner.
5	Throughout the meal it was not just my  taste buds that were stimulated. The music enhanced the experience.. My husband and I had an amazing time at Andrea'sService was in point.
3	I went to this place on their first night of opening by accident. i was impressed by the decor and since we had a table next door, we didn't wait to be seated. Sat at the bar and ordered the Crispy rice tuna and the sliders. It was ok, but definitely over priced. nothing to go back for.
2	I hate to give Andrea's two stars - but it really was not worth more. The atmosphere is great - it makes me feel....sexy....if a restaurant can do that. The staff was very helpful and professional - always makes bland food better. Drink menu was on an iPad, which although cool, seemed strange. The place is so dim lit, you could tell who was about to get hammered from the bright iPad screen. I was one that gave in an tried an under-poured martini for $12 - OUCH. We ordered the peppers as an appetizer. Just bland, with a burst of spice from the mustard. Then I proceeded to order the Duck Lo Mein. I was very, very excited to see duck on the menu. When my dish arrived, it was a very large proportion. I almost couldn't finish! But the Lo Mein was so....bland....(like this review?)...that I felt like I could have gotten better at the buffet. The duck in the lo mein did not stand out at all. Was hoping for a burst of flavor, but I was unfortunately let down. My partner ordered sushi and dim sum. He said it was good, but had the same reaction...bland.Overall, Andrea's had so much hype - but for the Wynn - this was nothing more than "OK" food that came with a hefty ($100 for 2) price tag.I suggest skip it.
4	I came here with a group of 10 for appetizers and drinks.The ambiance is fantastic and we spotted multiple notable celebrities, which added to the excitement of our evening.The chicken potstickers were delicious. I found the cucumber salad to be very refreshing. They also make a great old fashioned.
5	Andreas is one of the best restaurants I've been too the service is amazing they are on top of their game and the sushi wow amazing the detail that they put into it Andreas keep doing what your doing
4	Cool new venue! Only been open for a few months, but Andrea's is a perfect fit into the Encore's line of fine dining. The ambiance is very chique and hip, great list of wines and cocktails, and excellent food choices. We had a large partry (10+), and they were very accomodating. We tried a bunch of little plates / appitizers, and they were all delicious (the Wagyu Beef Tataki was my personal fave).  For dinner, I had the Seared Ahi salad (delicious) and the Wagyu Rib Cap (most flavorful steak I've had in months) - however, it was only 6 oz....which is kinda small. Come here hungry, cuz almost everything sounds delicious, and their dessert menu is something you don't want to skip! (we tried the trio sampler, and all three were awesome).
5	Very cool venue, you will notice as soon as you walk in.  Sleek retro vibe, and dj spinning music.  Very well lit, they are not afraid to show you the interior design.I have two recommendations for everyone.  For appetizer, the hamachi.  A little jalapeno, garlic, simply delicious.  I am imagining those morsels right now.The new york strip!! (served over wasabi demiglace)  The NY Strip is slowly becoming one of my favorite steaks.  This dish is not served like a typical steak, it's served in a log shape, and sliced into about 10 pieces.  The ends were fatty (didn't even eat them) but the rest of the slices were cooked to medium perfection.  Taking each piece and dipping it in the the demiglace, oh myy!!!Although I am not a huge strip restaurant fan, I put this in the top for the area.  Highly recommended.
3	Somewhat underwhelming.  The suhito peppers were fantastic.  The environment is clearly one of upscale dining.  They have some private-ish rooms for celebrties i'm sure.  I went on a night where they didn't have a DJ, so the experience might be different at the supperclubs.  I would like to see a little more bang for the buck.  The staff was very courteous and professional, but still the food was underwhelming and I think it may be unfair but i've come to expect so much from the restaurants at the Wynn/Encore properties.  The again do have a vegeterian menu, but it was underwhelming in inspiration of entrees.  Hopefully if the menu continuously changes they can keep it fresh.  I will still return to check out the supperclub aspect as surrender is easily my favorite club.  That was another thing I liked, the view.  It was a nice sexy backdrop for a meal.  But as a resto I would say u could fare much better at another spot in the wynn.
3	Average food, although very expensive.  The "hip" portion is just really loud, inappropriate club music that is pumped in to the restaurant.  It didn't really fit.  The service was good when we ate dinner.  It was pretty bad when we came later for dessert in the bar area.  The ice cream was very good.
4	Our first night in Las Vegas was spent here at this beautiful hip restaurant and we were definitely not dissapointed. We had made a reservation for the earlier side after reading reviews here that it gets very loud and clubby later on, so our 7:00 res was on the mark to start off our first night. We were seated relatively quickly after grabbing a quick cocktail at the bar. An Aphrodisiac with Lemon Belvedere Vodka and Elderflower Liquer was my drink of choice and WOW, it was refreshing and delicious! So much so, my friend changed her drink order and we continued with those during dinner. Excellent! We were seated near the Sushi kitchen where 5 sushi chefs were working away creating rolls and fresh sashimi. Our first appetizer was the Hamachi which was delectable and soooo fresh. Didn't want that to end! Next up the Shrimp and Pork Gyoza, also tasty. My friend then dined on the Rock Shrimp with Shitake mushrooms and side of lomein, which she loved while I had the tuna and shrimp tempura roll, a great pick as well. We were both pleased with our meals. Of course I had to try a little something sweet and enjoyed every bit of the Chocolate And Coffee dessert which had not just a beautiful presentation but was well worth the calories. Throughout the evening, very cool clubby like music was playing, not too crazy loud but then again, we left around 9 so maybe it gets crazy later? Either way, we loved the atmosphere, the service and the food. This place is pretty hot to look at too, so I've uploaded a few pics as well...Fun night!
4	Okay so the atmosphere is a bit over the top, however, the food was very good.   Really enjoyed the steak and the fried rice.   I recommend you ask your waiter regarding what to order.   He did an excellent job with such.   P.S.  Desert, not so good.
5	Top notch service, top notch food and top notch prices...well as in, it wasn't cheap. Although I was treated to dinner (CF :)), still the same. Great ambiance and definitely a more sophisticated place. Waiter was excellent and knew exactly when you tend to us and when to leave us alone. There was an incident in the women's bathroom which was the highlight of the dinner. I honestly don't remember exactly what I had to eat, but it was excellent. No complaints. The use of the iPad to order drinks was pretty sweet!
5	This review is only for drinks:Went here a few months ago and had some drinks pre-clubbing with hubby. Very cool new place at Encore named after Steve Wynn's wife.They have a great selection of specialty drinks and martinis, and their menu is on an Ipad. Live DJ is there spinning and the atmosphere is very cool, lively, and trendy. Want to go back to try the food-I think it's sushi.
5	This is the new hot spot at the Encore. Really beautiful setting and incredible food. I have no issues with this restaurant. I went there on a Thursday and there was a local special which is $7 food and drink items!I ate with a friend and we had amazing food and drinks for $35 at an upscale restaurant. I am also going again this Thursday! They had a dj and this is something that stuck out to me because most restaurants wouldn't dare try this.The DJ played 80's, funk, and soul. I go out a decent amount and I kept saying oh I love this song I love that song! It is a really cool atmosphere when you can add some music without being intrusive. I think the dj added something great to this place. The decor is outstanding! There are eyes that change colors on a giant screen when you walk in. There are tear drop lights throughout the restaurant and my goodness the chairs were so comfortable I didn't want to get up. It could have been all the yellowtail or dim sum that I ate haha! I give this restaurant 5 stars.
5	We got set up for a comp dinner and it was great! We had a ton of girls, I guess the more the merrier, but we didn't know half of them and next time I would personally prefer a little smaller group with just us closer girlfriends but it was still a really fun time! We had some edamame, spicy shisito peppers, spicy tuna rolls, some kind of house salad, veggie friend rice and giant prawns! Everything was very tasty, but I wish we had gotten more! We also had some kind of Patron punch bowl and I typically stay FAR FAR away from Patron but I indulged and pretty much got wasted! It was super fun though! Also, when I checked in an offer popped up for Locals - you can get an Andrea's discount card, 30% off all drinks anytime (except on top of another special). Good deal since drinks are rather spendy. I tried the White Sangria and it was DELISH!! I am looking forward to doing another dinner there sometime in the near future!
4	Of course I have to review this place since they have such an awesome name.  We had a group dinner for 8 on a Friday night.  The food was fresh, really tasty sushi, miso, drinks, etc.  No complaints.  Atmosphere was really beautiful, as is the rest of the Wynn.  Andrea's had a very 60's Vegas feel yet updated and modern.  Great service, just a great experience from beginning to end.  Loved people watching, despite my husband being very distracted by a likely 21 year old with her boobs literally "sitting" on the table next to us.  Great night with great friends!
5	We really enjoyed it here. Beautiful decor, very attentive staff, nicely timed meal. Lettuce cup appetizer was good, not great. Spicy tuna roll was good, yellowtail roll was great. 3 piece dessert was excellent. We had a great time and would go back. DJ added a lot to the ambiance, played to the crowd.
3	The service is great and the environment is nice. The vegan options weren't that great and it was very pricey for what you get.
5	The Not-so-little plates are perfect. Quality food at a fare price. Service is excellent.We had our best meal at Andrea's - on our 3 day, 2 night eating escapade.For details on dishes and pictures; google Andrea's at the Encore solittlethyme
4	2013 HALO-HALO CHALLENGE - Contender #6Let me start this review by stating that we came here one evening for one thing and one thing only...to try their Mixed Berry Shave Ice.  5 Stars for excellent service and cool ambiance.  We didn't have any drinks or food at Andrea's so keep in mind that this review is only for their dessert and service.  Amanda M. recommended Andrea's for one of our challenges because their Mixed Berry Shave Ice had similar ingredients to Halo-Halo. That being said, we were also open to putting a little twist to our Halo-Halo madness.  There's two sides of this review. You got my thoughts on the Mixed Berry Shave Ice and you got Terri's.  For me, this dessert gets 5 stars for presentation alone.  What you have is a concoction of raspberries, strawberries, nata de coco, lychee's, white beans, condensed milk, lemon sorbet, and shave ice.  The only ingredients similar to Halo-Halo was the condensed milk, white beans, nata de coco, and lychee's.  Because I'm allergic to fruits, I had to dodge all the good stuff in order to taste this.  I thought it was pretty good. You initially taste the sweetness, followed by the texture, and lastly hit with the tang of the sorbet in it.  We were also treated with 3 cones of sorbet (Blood Orange Ginger, Sake Cherry, and Chocolate Chili), which was thoughtful and appreciative. Terri is one of the lucky souls out there that isn't allergic to fruits. She thought that the ambiance of this place, the presentation of the dessert, the amount of the servings, and the overall taste was pretty good as well. She also points out that compared to Halo-Halo, missing was the ube and flan.  I concur.  This dessert cost $21, which is about 4 times what Halo-Halo cost at most of the Flip joint out there.  But it's also big enough to serve two. Terri's thoughts..."definitely an exorbitant indulgence that goes along with the price point for a place like Andrea's, but expensive for most". Overall, this Halo-Halo hybrid was worth the try because we only live once. Halo-Halo Challenge #6 done!!!PS:  I couldn't give this place any less than 4 stars because I didn't try their food.  The menu looked appealing and not everything on the menu was over the top.  I may come back just to try their sushi.  2013 HALO-HALO CHALLENGE:Contender #1 (Elena's):  http://www.yelp.com/biz/elenas-restaurant-las-vegas-2#hrid:66pT_yQvZudRThxlGl74QwContender #2 (Jollibee):  http://www.yelp.com/biz/jollibee-las-vegas-2#hrid:ZSJzziWEVLyOF3DHfn1MaA/src:selfContender #3 (Cafe Cebu):  http://www.yelp.com/biz/caf%C3%A9-de-cebu-las-vegas#hrid:5iu3U4zoZWQISOSO7BMsGQContender #4 (Salo-Salo):  http://www.yelp.com/biz/salo-salo-grill-las-vegas#hrid:Wgtkj97v8-l9MnNuyj-QxQ/src:selfContender #5 (Thelma's):  http://www.yelp.com/biz/thelmas-filipino-restaurant-henderson#hrid:wzGAlZyBNi1UtDRM0t0oXwContender #6 (Andrea's):  http://www.yelp.com/biz/andreas-las-vegas#hrid:idKe5bOeuIwnyzcamgeUDgContender #7 (Chow King):  http://www.yelp.com/biz/chow-king-las-vegas-2#hrid:3FzhPzAaF7_OE6i0Nau5WAContender #8 (Fiesta Filipina):  http://www.yelp.com/biz/fiesta-filipina-cuisine-henderson#hrid:VLvYgY6ROsMh9q70tmkoHw
4	Freaking YUM!!!We ventured to Andrea's last weekend while in Vegas.  We had been to the old SWITCH so were interested to see what they had done with the place.  SOOOO much better than SWITCH.  The restaurant and bar itself is gorgeous.  I am not a fan of everything white typically as it reminds me of Florida or my Grandma's house, however, this mostly white theme was done tastefully.We opted to eat at the bar as we normally do even though we had reservations (I would probably suggest reservations as it was pretty packed).  The bartenders were super friendly and accomodating even though they were obviously slammed.I honestly can't recall the names of what we had, but we had a few things to share and everything was sooooo good!  However, we probably ingested a little too much tempura as we felt SOOOO full for a good 2 hours after leaving, but quite happy.We will definitely return to Andrea's on our next visit and will be sure to stay late to check out the DJ and the later crowd!!!
4	Came here on a Monday night with 5 other of my friends. I really like the set up of the place and the ambiance. They had a DJ playing in the corner which was really unique and he played some good tunes.We made reservations so it didn't take us long to get seated. The seats are pretty different but comfortable! They have a really cool IPAD that shows you all the drink choices, their ingredients and pictures. We all ordered kind of family style with some appetizers and everything was delicious. Really liked the sliders, and the spicy wok fried chicken. The service was great and they were very good at constantly refilling out drinks.Overall a great addition to restaurants in Vegas!
4	Came here on a Wednesday night with my boyfriend. It was our first night in Vegas. It was a great way to kickoff our Vegas trip. We made a reservation so we didn't have to wait. We had a VIP table which was a very private booth. Food and drinks were amazing! We were given iPads to order drinks from. We started with the edamame and the bigeye tuna and crispy rice. Both were delicious! For our entrees we had the crab fried rice, shrimp tempura & spicy tuna, and the special cucumber roll. Everything was fresh and tasty! Only negative, we kinda felt like they were rushing us out to turnover our table. Would highly recommend it to anyone staying at the Wynn or Encore. If you are going to eat at one place while staying there, Andrea's is the place!
5	WOW!!!  By far one of the best dinners I have had in quite some time.  The hosts were polite and our wait staff impeccable.  The food and drinks were brought out on time and everything my picky bunch of foodies ordered was top notch!  I would highly recommend sharing the big punch bowls - so much fun and delicious.  The 80s music went over very well.   I would go back to Vegas just to eat here.
5	Stayed at Encore. Andrea's was the best meal on our trip. The service and the food were the best. The rock shrimp tempura and the mango avocado and tuna roll were delicious, and the strip steak with wasabi Demi glaze was also very good. Definitely coming back !
5	Best meal we had on a recent trip to Vegas that included some pretty decent places.  Made a reservation the morning of, and when we arrived found a private "VIP" booth ready for us, with a set of customized chopsticks on each plate with our names on them!  Vegas is the place for gimmicks but the meal backed up this personal touch.  Had several great "fusion" appetizers, and lots of Nigiri sushi that was very good (4.5 star level).  Wine list was iPad based and decent but not overwhelming.  Service was very attentive and our server was clearly well schooled in "foodie speak" to make sure we got as much information as possible on the menu items.  Well worth a trip to the Wynn if you are not staying there (we did not on this trip but plan to in the future).  Price is on the high end, even for Vegas so be prepared for that!
5	"Outstanding Food and Service"The food was out of this world. The service was outstanding and the drinks were excellent. Definitely will return. Visited July 2013
5	So glad I got to try this place!  Really fun, pan-Asian menu.  The cocktail/wine list was great, not to mention it was presented on an iPad.  The decor was incredible, super sexy.  Request one of the booths if you can.  Fantastic service.
5	What a great place! I love the Lucky 7's menu for dinner. It's a Thursday night special for locals (take your ID). Order the Waygu sliders, wok-fried  broccoli, and Hamachi! I love the little crispy pieces of garlic!Not only is the food amazing, but the atmosphere is too! Like a mad-men type of a feel. They also have awesome live DJs! They have nights with famous DJ's playing sets, too! If you are lucky, you might even see someone famous!! Plus, you can see people partying in Encore Beach Club and surrender while you dine!Follow them on twitter to keep up to date on food specials (they always update their menu), and special occasions. The other night they had "Ladies love cake" where girls got free cake, champagne,  cake flavored vodka. Yummy!GO THERE!!!!!!!!
4	I loved the food. The service was good, bordering on excellent but not quite due to timing (especially on a not busy night). Asian-influenced but still somewhat Americanized (in a good way) restaurant. Great bar, Vdka, right outside the door. I really loved the alcove we had to ourselves during dinner (walls on the three immediate sides of the table, open only on one side to the rest of the restaurant). Every dish was lovely and cooked properly, well-seasoned. I have been to Vegas several times, and this great date night aimed well with its restaurant. Loved it.
4	Ate here on a Thursday night last week. My friends & I were at the Wynn pool and were approached by a promoter (very friendly young woman - I think her name was Erica) who was recruiting guests for a special promotion for the restaurant and the nightclub next to Andrea's (Surrender). It involved Andrea's 7-7-7 deal (special menu of a cocktail, appetizer, and entree, all for $7 each) as well as a free drink ticket for a glass of champagne and a pass to Surrender that included an open bar (vodka & tequila). We skipped the Surrender part of the deal because as it was our last night in Vegas & none of us wanted to be hungover the next day (I have officially entered the 1-2 day long hangover age - I can't recover from hangovers as quickly as I used to! Gah!).We thought the 7-7-7 deal was too good to be true, especially for a swanky place like Andrea's. And we figured out the catch:(1) We arrived at our appointed time, but were met with some confusion over where to place us or where we could wait (2-3 different people told us different things). But that's ok, it got cleared up within 10 minutes. Totally forgiveable.(2) The appetizer and entree portions were not too big. The menu also included an optional list of entrees that can be added on for an incremental cost. A-HA!! We knew it was too good to be true! But seriously, overall it was not a huge problem at all, it was still a decent deal in general, so we bit - and did enjoy most of the food we got.Going back to the portion size not being too big: I expected that since this is a very trendy & upscale restaurant at the Encore. Also, since I was wearing a tight dress, maybe it was better that we ate small - any more and I would've had to stop breathing!I had:- Espresso Martini (it was good but a little too much espresso-taste)- Shrimp & Pork Shumai (these were not very good actually - kind of fatty and squishy)- Spicy Tuna Roll (pretty good)- 1 of my friends & I shared the Wok-Fried Chicken (YUM!!) and the Lobster Fried Rice (Also YUM!!)Ambience was swanky and chic, lighting was on the dark/dim side. Noise level was average for a Vegas restaurant: Not too loud, but not super quiet either. We shouted over each other once or twice, but not the whole night.Our server and the hostesses were very nice and friendly, very accommodating. Our server was also very helpful and always around when we needed her, and she also popped by to check on us periodically without overdoing it. I hope she liked her tip because we left her a decent one!Very nice place, I would like to check out the full menu next time as most of the food was delicious.
5	Bye far some of the best dinning in Las Vegas! Super Cool and hip place with awesome food!
5	This place is absolutely amazing. First, have a drink at the bar. The bar is a great place for photos right below Wynn's wife's eyes. Very cool art scene. I had the Red Velvet Martini and it was so delish, I dream about it. The waiter was super nice and gave us chopsticks that said Happy Anniversary:) Everything we ordered was superb, sushi, rice, steak, etc. Cool vibe, we were told if we came back later we could get into the club for free. I can't wait to go back on my next trip to Vegas. I'm counting the days. Please don't complain about the piece, you are in Vegas, in the Wynn and on vacation. Live it up!
4	The Good -1. Nice space2. Great service3. Miso black cod, crispy noodles, shishito peppers (so chic right now), tuna tatake and the best sake I've tastedThe Bad -1. Standard sushi rolls are great, but the specialty rolls are pretty awful (and pricey)2. Drink menu on the iPad is trying a little too hard3. Prices are a little on the steep side considering Andrea's still falls short of Nobu4. The name. Andrea's for an Asian fusion spot?? Come on.
5	One of the sexist decors I've ever seen!! The eyes behind the bar seduce me! Oh and their sushi was delicious. Try it!!!
4	Nice job Mr. Wynn. A great place for good, creative union of Japanese and Chinese. Delectable flavours supported by impeccable service and fine music. The sashimi, lobster and various table shares were outstanding. WOW!!!
4	Restaurant Week Meal #3 (Dinner for $50.13):Appetizer: Heirloom Tomato Salad-Kaiware, Crispy Shallots, Pickled Ginger Vinaigrette OR Hamachi Sashimi, Pickled Cherry Peppers, Crispy Garlic, Cilantro, Sudachi Soy OR Pan Seared Chicken Potstickers, Sambal Entree: Stir Fried Vegetables with Crispy Noodles OR Pan Seared Salmon, Summer Vegetables, Nuoc Cham OR Jidori Chicken Breast, Tomato, Okra, Garlic, Lemon Broth OR 7oz Filet Mignon w/ Sudachi HollandaiseDessert: Ice Cream Cone Trio OR Cake Pop TrioI got an invitation from Amanda M to join her and a few Yelpers to eat here for Restaurant Week.  I'm glad I went as I enoyed the food and the company of Christie O, Michele H, Lisa R and hubby, Kevin P and of course, Amanda M and hubby.  Christie got me a Red Velvet Chocolate Martini since we got there early - it was absolutely delicious! The martini glass rim had freeze-dried raspberries - the absolute "Cathy drink" since I'm chocoholic. Christie made a friend out of the bartender, Omar who's very knowledgeable about vodka.As soon as everyone else arrived and I was about done admiring the modern elegance of the restaurant, we got seated.  I got the hamachi sashimi, filet mignon and the cake pop trio.Hamachi Sashimi:Thinly-sliced fresh hamachi in ponzu with crispy garlic, cilantro and pickled cherry peppers on top. So yummy!  The garlic is quite pronounced...and I love garlic! 4/5Filet Mignon:7oz filet with sudachi hollandaise. Very tender...cooked medium-rare as always although the picture came out looking like it was cooked well-done. Comes with potatoes. The hollandaise was delicious with a hint of citrus. 4/5Ice Cream Trio:Sake cherry, chocolate and honey pistachio. I could've picked the cake pop trio since I'm lactose intolerant but I've never been a big fan of those. The ice cream trio was amazing sans the stomach ache. I enjoyed all 3 flavors. I saved chocolate for last - it was spicy and had a very mild hint of cinnamon. 5/5Excellent service from the hostess, bartender and our server.
3	ok i keep going back and forth 3 or 4 stars so lets say 3.5i went with a group of yelpers for restaurant week and I'm definitely glad I did. the place is beautiful with great ambiance. All the lines of the place are clean cut and it is quite the trendy decor.  They have good music playing and we got good entertainment speculating on the couple next to us we claim were on their first date...lol.....people watching was great! The service was excellent as they kept our water glasses full and were attentive to what we asked for.  They answered questions and worked well together as a team.  For the appetizer I got the chicken potstickers, and they were good and light and the dipping sauce had a kick but wasn't overly spicy.  Definitely needed the dipping sauce though for flavor.  Next I got the filet with the hollandaise on the side.  It came with potatoes on the side as well.  Now the meat was cooked well and tender but needed more seasoning so definitely had to use the hollandaise sauce.  I like my filets and usually I can eat them without the sauce and be quite satisfied.  Next came the ice cream trio.  I had coconut yogurt, sake cherry and pistachio honey.  I traded the yogurt with Christie O. for her red velvet cake pop.  The sake cherry was the best of the bunch but I love pistachio usually.  Thanks Christie for trading though as I usually am not a cake pop fan and this place makes them great!  Everyone at the table got different flavors though and as far as I knew we didn't get a choice. I didn't drink as I was going straight to work but the drinks did look fabulous.  I did like this place and would recommend it, the fried rice varieties at the table did look great and the salmon on ice presentation looked great and I would like to try to that too.  So I would go back and get the regular menu items.  Thanks for a great evening and the invite; thanks to Amanda and her husband, Cathy, Eric and Lisa, Christie and Kevin.  First fall restaurant week 2013 was definitely fun!
4	Came here with our best friends to celebrate both couples' anniversaries and a couple of birthdays.  Hubby had made reservations and the hostess who took our reservation really delivered.  We got seated in one of the private booths which was perfect. It was a Friday night, so the main dining area was pretty rowdy at 9:15pm. The music was pumping and lots of fun, but had we not been in the booth we wouldn't have been able to converse at all. The cocktail menu is on an Ipad, so it was a interactive start to a fun evening. Our server was really attentive, and the only issue we had was that some of our orders didn't make it to the table at the same time (the side of rice and the shumai were tardy) but everything tasted delicious!  My Miso Black Cod was SPECTACULAR.  Seriously silky and luxurious and a fairly large portion.  I was surprised that it was truly a la carte, so the described accompaniments were more garnish than side.  We ordered the charred asparagus for the table - topped with lemon preserve which made it all really interesting! Everyone loved what they ordered.  In my humble opinion, while the sushi was excellent  and of superior quality, if you can get amazing sushi locally for less dinero (as we can at Azuki and Sushi Ota) then I'd recommend you order the Black Cod - something you cannot find everywhere.  It was to die for!Dessert was whimsical:  we ordered the ice cream minis - such clean flavors.  My fave was the white chocolate cardamon.
4	Andrea's at 1st glance was a little bit too dim for my taste. Needed maybe a little brighter lights. Although the ambiance was chill and romantic for me and my guy. We went it late at a Fri night 8/24 since we were juz arrived in Vegas that night. So we had to order in the late night menu. The sushi rolls we got were pretty amazing, the cocktails -- sinatra smash and my passion fruit mocktail though i added patron tequila tasted so delish. Our servers were great and very friendly. One the most stood for me, Christopher, because he recommended which clubs to go and the best nights when to go and suggested foods that would go great with our drinks. He was super friendly. I would go back again..
4	I think I found my new after work hours hangout.  The service was so exceptional that the food and specialty cocktails tasted that much better.  Try the orange blossom.  Tasted like your creamsicle from your childhood.The atmosphere was sleek, modern, yet fun and upbeat.  It's so inviting that you won't want to leave.  Why would you when Surrender is just next door.  Wait That's another review.
2	I was so disappointed.  Went here with a party of 9 on a Friday night.Environment:  Andrea's is very hip.  They had a dj playing in the corner, great music.  Nicely decorated.  Music was a little loud, difficult conversation for nine.Service:  Service was slow.  They didn't have enough menus for everyone.  I am however giving 1 star for the fact that they did separate checks which as a one time server, I know is a total pain.Food:  Had edamame app, and smoked salmon app.  Both of these were decent.  The edamame had truffle salt, which was pretty amazing.  I had the filet for dinner was was THE WORST FILET I'VE EVER HAD!!!!!!!!  It was awful.  It was so dry, and no flavor.  It was like beef bubble gum.  Others had the miso cod, an noodles which companions said was pretty good... but a $60 filet.. and it was horrible.. so disappointing.The last kicker was, we had purchased tickets from the hotel concierge to go to Surrender, and the concierge also made reservations for us to go to Andreas. What they didn't mention is if you eat at Andrea's you have a direct entrance into Surrender, we didn't even need the tickets and now they won't refund.  I guess that is more of a complaint for the hotel in general - but still bad none the less. Maybe this place would be better for drinks and apps at the bar, but I would not recommend it for dinner.
5	The description of "hip Asian dining" rest holds true to the experience. The decor is very modern & hip & edgy. We were greeted promptly for our 6:30 reservation. The service was impeccable from the time we walked into the venue until we walked out. The 9oz filet mignon, wok fried spicy chicken & vegetable fried rice were all yummy. Also the chicken potstickers that we had as an appetizer was cooked to perfection. I would recommend this restaurant for anyone visiting the Wynn hotel or as a place to dine prior to seeing Le Reve the dream.
4	My wife and I were in Vegas and I wanted to take her somewhere nice. after browsing yelp I found Andreas. It was more a joke because her name is Andrea so I thought it would be a fun twist. We made reservations and were promptly seated. Our waiter Christopher was extremely friendly and helpful. After taking our drink orders that was the last time he came back to us. The rest of the night we were juggled between three other waiters. It felt a bit odd. I had the sea bass. My first time ever eating it. It was nothing short of amazing. Best fish I've ever eaten. My wife had pad Thai which she didn't finish. It was a large portion. It was so expensive that I wish she hasn't eaten more. The sushi we had was like most sushi. Not bad at all, just normal. The only thing keeping me from 5 stars was the slow service from our three different waiters.
4	Great food, service & atmosphere. Arrive after 9pm or later Thurs-Sat to really get a true feel of the pre club atmosphere. Expensive but food & eye candy well worth it.
5	Good food, sexy atmosphere, fun cocktail menu on an iPad but what really stands out here is the service! I felt like a queen throughout my entire dining experience, and for that reason alone, I will be back and I will refer friends and family!
4	Awesome restaurant. Food was terrific. The best cappuccino iv ever had on top of it . I would give it 5 stars but the check process took 30min. Atmosphere is great. Very attractive people around.
4	Really enjoyed my experience here. Tapas style menu allowed our group to choose a wide variety of selections and try them all. Kobe sliders were amazing, lettuce cups, and potstickers were good too. Swanky and lively atmosphere was a great way to start the evening and get us in the mood to go out. Andrea is Steve Wynn's wife and it's her gorgeous eyes that are featured on the wall and menus. The service was very good and I'll surely be back!
4	They have Ramen Burger here. Not affiliated with the original New York guys, but if you've been craving some ramen burger, ask for it. It's not on the menu.I dined there as soon as they opened at 6pm, it was empty. An hour later when I finished, they were about 4 other parties in the dining area and two ladies sitting at the bar. If you ever took a taxi ride in Vegas, you're probably impressed by the "eyes". It's not something particular interesting, but it does stand out. If you randomly end up in this place, you'll be like "oh that's the restaurant with the 'eyes' that Steve Wynn was bragging about. They claim to be the first Asian restaurant to combine bar and restaurant together. I'm not sure if that's true, but I do know it's not the best restaurant with a bar. I'd think if they tried to put a bar and a restaurant together, they'd want to do it seamlessly. To me, the bar is really isolated from the main dining area. Maybe they don't want the drunk/over-social bar patrons to disturb their dinner guests, but it could be executed better.Service at Andrea's is really good and professional. Many cute guys are working there. I kinda wish my waiter wasn't like a robot and lacked personality. As for the food, I really can't say I liked it. The ramen burger I had (2 for $18) needed more flavors on ramen. It was my first time trying ramen burger, so I really didn't know what to expect, but one thing that could be said is that their ramen doesn't pair well with the meat patty, not in the way the ramen is (not) cooked. (no flavor) I was also disappointed when I found out the ramen used was probably made from fried ramen you can buy at a 99-cent store. They were all sticking together after I took a bite instead of breaking into a million pieces, good job chefs!
4	Very hip cool experience and the food was good to. We had the scallops, brussel sprouts, rainbow roll, and some overpriced mango drink. We were told we were the first to purchase it because it was its debut night; its too sweet for my taste and the price is crazy (20+) this is a great place for parties because its overall coolness and good food but to be honest its decor is so cool I think it made the food taste better
1	Great food but expect service to be below average at best.  Considering the price, this is unacceptable.  Long waits for order taking and drinks on a night (Saturday) which should not have been overwhelming.  Manager (female) didn't seem to care once I brought to her attention.  Mr. Wynn should likely care.   Concept is good but poor service will be the evident short-coming for success of this restaurant.  Try at your own risk.
5	Really excellent service.  Lots of variety on the menu.  I had the pan fried noodles ... Which isn't exactly fine dining, but I was happy they had it.The decor is modern and low lit with neutral white colors and warmth.  Doesn't look like your standard Asian restaurant, but the food stacks up well.Would definitely come back.
4	I really like this place, mostly for the interiors. It's a nice place to go when you are dolled up. The aphrodisiac cocktail tastes amazing and fruity. Be sure you have a large party to share it with.  I really enjoyed the scallop sashimi.  There was a dessert that looked like a mountain which they light up in flames.  They happened to sell out, so I will need to try it next time!  Service could have been more attentive.
5	Perfection!!! by far the best services ever. Great food and Great ambiance.They even honored a coupon we had for locals. Even though we were just visitors..
5	Great service very reasonable prices. The food was amazing. One thing I did not understand, they do not give you an itemized receipt you have to ask for it. They can charge whatever desire. The cocktails were amazing. We took our servers suggestion and ordered the bar mans special, the cocktail was very good. When I checked in on Yelp it gave a 30% off on the cocktails for locals, but surely the manager accommodated us with the 30% off on all the cocktails we had. I can say they were very nice and tasty.
4	After eating a lifetime's worth of overpriced, underwhelming Strip food over the past couple of weeks, I've grown to be very cynical about the food on the Strip in general, so I wasn't expecting much when I sat down for dinner at Andrea's.I ended up ordering the stir-fry shrimp course along with a side of smashed potatoes. I have to say that the food was outstanding! Andrea's is expensive, but unlike many pricey restaurants on the Strip, they delivered top quality. I left impressed and would recommend the restaurant highly based on my experience there.
5	Oh man! What an experience! The service was on point. The waiter was amazing and fun. The place is beautiful and hip. The dishes were heaven. I came to celebrate my graduation here the night before commencement. As a first timer, I was just in awe. With Andrea's eyes being the focal point of the joint, I found it kind of fun that they threw in this Andy Warhol vibe to her eyes. The restaurant was designed to appreciate beautiful women. With it's soft neutral colors to appeal to the taste of women, you can be sure to really see that pop. They also play fun hip music for you to get into that pregame party mode. To enhance a more interactive and hip experience you can flip through their alcoholic beverage selections through their fun ipad menu.I admire their attention to detail and their ongoing efforts to make you feel special. With advanced notice of the occasion, they went ahead and customized our chopsticks with a nice announcement of my accomplishment. A cool secret tip: you can order a customized cake from the Wynn bakery in which it can be delivered and sent to your table during your dinner. All you have to do is request one. They'll even special design it for you.The goods:Bringing Sexy Back Cocktail (Punch Bowl): this is normally made as a standard cocktail but per request they were able to make it into the size of the fish bowl. It's made with cucumber, blood orange liquor, lime juice, rock candy syrup, and their special cucumber soda. Oh...this punch bowl is served in this fun big sassy bowl with fun straws, and is big enough to share. Surely instagram worthy too!Rock shrimp tempura: sweet and crunchy. A good recommendation.Smoked Wagyu Beeft Tataki: It has pnzu, ginger, and green onion. It accompanies a nice table side presentation in which it is served with the smoke trapped inside a glass funnel and then released once served. It looks like smog released in a club. A smoke party. The presentation is just as good as the sliced beef tataki. Fresh and smoky.Shrimp Tempura and Spicy Tuna: one of their popular rollsSaikyo Miso Black Cod: also known as butter fish. IS A MUST! You'll never feel the same way about cod ever again. It was fatty, sweet, soft, and melted in your mouth like buttah.Sliced prime NY strip: 16 ounces of sizzling steak on a platter. Sides: chinese sausage and pineapple fried rice with a sunny side up egg, and the pan fried noodles are a good suggestion. Also recommend the broccoli as a side.We all ordered these dishes to table share for a party of 5, in which it was all more than enough to fill us all. The server also suggests to order the volcano chocolate cake due to taste and table presentation. As per the suggestion to the server, I second his recommendation by ordering to share with the group. It provides more variety and assortment when tasting dishes, and it makes it more fun. I was so happy to see that they also served filipino food! I never knew that Krispy Pata and Pancit can be served in a fine dining restaurant. Expect to spend an average of $100 - 150 per person, including cocktails, tip, and tax.I cant wait to go back again!
5	Whether you're a local or in town looking for great food & a good vibe, Andrea's is the place to be. I'm a local myself & I've been here on three different occasions & I can't get enough! I did my usual check in & I squealed when I received a coupon for 30% off drinks for vegas locals! The staff was happy to honor my discount :)This review is a combination of my last two visits!I headed to the bar since I was early for the reservation. I always go straight to the signature cocktails. I ordered The Lulu, which was awesome! It wasn't busy at the bar but it took quite a while for my card to be taken to swipe. Me & my girlfriends got a booth like we requested. They are very intimate & fit up to four people. I got the same server, Kyle as I did on my last visit. He recognized me which is always cool. Best server award goes to him! He gives so much detail about the menu & how to go about ordering. Family style is whats recommended & it is the best idea. Everything is shared at the table & everyone gets to try all the items. Through each section he pointed out some popular items & we ordered ALL of them! The items we ordered were the Rock Shrimp Tempura, "Smoked" Wagyu Beef Tataki (my absolute favorite & the presentation is the best), Saikyo Miso Black Cod (wow!), Sliced Prime New York Strip, Crispy Broccoli, Shrimp Tempura + Spicy Tuna roll (8 pieces). We also ordered other items like Tuna Tataki Salad, Shrimp Pad Thai, Chinese Sausage + Pineapple Fried Rice, Crab Fried Rice, & the Duck Confit Lo Mein which were all great as well. I ordered the Asian Pear from the cocktail list. It's a woman's drink for sure!I hope it was in your game plan to save room for dessert cause you would be missing out if you didn't! Flaming Mt. Fuji! It's large, it's chocolatey & it's on fire! The four of us girls couldn't finish it of course. It's such a fun dessert to share with your friends. Devil's food cake & mousse inside with a toasted marshmallow outside that they pour Bacardi 151 over & light up! To accompany my dessert, I ordered an Espresso Martini. So far, the best one yet. Andrea's is a good time. The room is beautiful, the staff is on point, the service is outstanding & the food is phenomenal. It's the perfect place to get the night started before heading out to the Wynn or Encore's best nightclubs.
5	Absolutely amazing. iPad cocktail menu is visually pleasing and easy to use. Drinks are mouth-watering good. Tuna with crispy rice was by far my favorite appetizer. Wagyu sliders were amazing, but the bread kind of threw me off. They used a sweet doughy hamburger bun rather than a brioche bun. The sushi rolls were good. I regret not getting the pad thai and the crab fried rice. Dessert was delish and well presented. The five stars is due to the stunning decor, chic ambiance, cocktails galore, superb service, and delectable food. Will definitely return and recommend.
5	My boss, Mr. Sterling invited his executive team to dine with him at Andrea's. I'm Mr. Sterling's personal assistant and where he goes I go. It was a late Sunday night and we did not have a reservation, but the management saw to it that Mr. Sterling was taken care of. Within minutes eleven gentlemen were quickly seated and the service began.Not wanting to overwhelm the staff as that many chaps can be a bit much to contend with I allowed the waiter to have the chef choose our meals. I said "Just bring plates of your best dishes out and I will tell you when to stop." The flawless wait staff continually had our needs met. The wine selection was incredible, with many hard to find wines listed for excellent prices. After at least 10 plates of food and that many bottles of wine I informed the waiter (sorry, I cannot remember his name) that Mr. Sterling would like something special for dessert and again Andrea's did not disappoint when the 'Flaming Mt. Fuji Devil's Food Cake' arrived and sent all of us over the top. I dine in the best rated restaurants all over the world as my boss demands such world class service and Andrea's is up there with the best. The next time our team is in Las Vegas, Mr. Sterling discussed with me to call and let Andrea's know that we will be dining with them again. Bravo to a very excellent evening of delightful fare.
3	Good vibe & lively on a Wednesday night - a hip Vintner Grill of sorts. Mrs. Wynn's ever-present glowing embers burn into the soul, as they celebrate the deadly sin of vanity. World renowned DJ Steve Angello (Swedish House Mafia) had put together a fantastic collection of old school rock mixed in with progressive house tunes. The mocktail was good - gingery & refreshing. Best to stick with the appetizers aka 'table shares,' which were truly delicious. The entrees (gulf shrimp, sea bass, salmon sushi, and crispy noodles) were a bit 'meh.' Cake pops were too sweet but fun to look at. The food took its time but at least the server had Channing Tatum's good looks.Tip: if you get a table at Andrea's (Aan-dray-aaz), you can skip the line & entry charges for Surrender Nightclub.
4	I'm in love with the atmosphere in this Restaurant. The white decor is just breathtaking and makes you feel like royalty. The staff is incredibly attentive and ready serve your every need. It wasn't very busy at the time we went so I couldn't really describe my experience as fun but the food was delicious and I was with good company so I had a lovely time. I will definitely be back to dine at Andreas again.
4	We were at they Wynn for a week long conference and decided to have our team dinner at Andrea's.  Its located inside the Encore and is considered a Fine Dining place.  We walked to the restaurant and they immediately seated us.  The ambiance is amazing, and the service is top notch.Their menu is very vegetarian friendly.  They are flexible enough to substitute meat with any veggies.  In addition, they have a vegetarian section in their menu that includes sushi rolls, entrees, and sides.I ordered the following:- Steamed Edamame- Crispy Pan Fried Noodles: I asked them to remove the chicken, and they were very willing.  The noodles were delicious.- My co-worker order the vegetarian sushi rolls (cucumber, and avocado/asparagus): The sushi rolls were amazing.  I think I liked them more than my noodles.- For dessert, we ordered a trio ice-cream combo, where we could choose three flavors from a list of 10.  It was delicious.I would have loved to try other things on their menu, but I just wasn't that hungry.  I would love to go back and try the other vegetarian options on the menu.  Our server was very attentive, and ensured we were well taken care of.Overall, a great team dinner and a great evening.
5	We are here for the Magic/Project Show and went to Andrea's for dinner last night!  The ambiance is amazing!  Great lighting, great decor, and amazing music!  The service is beyond good!  When we arrived they had chopsticks with our names on it to our surprise! I asked the waiter to just bring out all of his favorite dishes and he did not disappointed!!! Every dish that came out was not only beautifully presented but also tasted amazing!  We had sashimi, sushi, hot dishes and probably the best fried rice I have ever tasted!  A must when in Vegas!
4	Ultra trendy yet not pretentious! Such a cool vibe, great service and mouth watering food and drink. This was our second visit to Andrea's and we'll definitely be coming back on our next trip to Vegas. Love, Love, Loved!!
5	We recently went to celebrate our 10 year anniversary, were seated in a private booth that was very romantic & were given customized chop sticks that said "Happy 10th Anniversary" as well as a message written on our desert plate. The service was amazing & the food was unbelievable. As a new vegan, I was so happy to have a vegan server who could point me in the right direction. It was hands down the best sushi I've ever had (vegan or not). I would definitely recommend this to anyone looking for a great meal in Vegas, or anyone celebrating a special occasion.
5	THE saving grace of our strip staycation! Phenomenal. Love everything about this place, the food and the service. I highly recommend the hamachi sashimi and the miso black cod. We will absolutely be making this a regular place to dine.
4	Pluses: atmosphere, service, Dim Sum appetizers, dessertMinuses: price tag, entreesAndrea's is a cool spot with a hip vibe.  There's a DJ spinning chill tunes and lots of pretty people working and eating there.We had reservations for two at 8:00 and were seated promptly.  The service was attentive and friendly.  We ordered 2 Dim Sum apps: chicken potstickers and shrimp dumplings which were both hot and very good but standard fare.  We picked spicy stir fry chicken and chicken with noodles for our entrees.  Both were around $25 and were only OK.  Nothing different from what you'd get for a 1/3rd of the price at your local Chinese takeout.  For dessert, we had cheesecake balls which were quite yummy.  Overall, it was pretty good but overpriced, but hey, that's Vegas!
5	A+ all the way around. The main area is very open but for a much more intimate feel the booth we were in was perfect and you feel totally secluded. The service was exceptional as was the food. The salmon tartare was just right. The New York with the wasabi demi glace was cooked perfectly. The sauce was so good my wife was scraping up what was left with a fork! It'll cost you to go here but I don't mind paying as long as the food and service are superb, and Andrea's delivered a great dining experience in all areas.
5	Great ambiance
5	I felt like royalty! Our night was perfect thanks to staff and food at Andrea's! They sat us in a beautiful booth. The food was so fresh and every bite was the "perfect bite." It was delish!  We had 3 drinks, an appetizer, two rolls and dessert for a total of $140.00 (not including tip). That is a win win at Wynn! Not to mention they escorted us to Surrender no charge, no line. The staff was exceptional, friendly, and professional! We will b back!
5	AMAZING! We capped a four day conference off with dinner at Andrea's and it was the best way to leave Las Vegas! After several days of mediocre food and lack luster service dining at Andrea's was a refreshing breath of fresh air! The food was amazing, the steak in particular which was funny b/c it's an Asian fusion restaurant, the service was so on top of every detail - even our server Moon coming back to our table because we had ordered two very similar rolls to suggest a different roll so that we could get a better variety of food selections. Can't wait to go back!
5	Amazing time with the hubby tonight at Andrea's. They even had my name on my chopsticks! Great food, drinks and service. And you have to get the mochi ice cream and cheese cake bites for dessert, wonderful way to finish the night.
5	This restaurant was amazing!! I would go back anytime. The staff was very friendly, the atmosphere was open and fun, and the food was delicious and full of flavor.
5	I went here on my birthday and had the most AMAZING service and meal. Chris Smith was my server, talk about ultimate professional. He even mentioned to the neighboring table, that was celebrating their 25th anniversary that I had moved recently from San Diego and was celebrating my birthday dinner @ Andrea's - we exchanged conversation, and another table baught me a drink. I am a foodie, and this place offers a great atmosphere as well. They deserve five stars simply because first impressions make the difference.
4	Food was amazing, worth every cent. (although its a lot of cents to eat there)Service the same.The braised Wagyu short ribs were wonderful.The cheesecake sampler is very unique and amazing.Only issue was a huge group of very loud women that came in and was seated behind us and we practically could not have a conversation after that.
4	Awesome restaurant in the encore hotel (which is even nicer than the Wynn) Great food. But even better ambiance. Bathroom was surprisingly small and bland. Call me weird but i have a thing for nice and cool bathrooms and this just isn't nice or cool.service wasn't that great, it was good, but not great. our food took an incredibly long time (the table next to us also a party of 4 finished eating while we were still waiting and they arrived after us) no one came over to excuse themselves for the wait. but the chef did come out to talk to my husband about his food allergies which was a nice touch!now onto the food.  we each ordered a couple things and all tried each others dishes - my dish seemed to have been the favorite of the night. the shrimp pad thai... out of this world!the ice cream cone dessert was just ok. cute presentation but eh on the taste factor.
2	Went here on a Friday night with a group of 11. Service was horrible. 45 minutes to get a drink and over an hour and a half for food to start arriving. Ambiance was great, wish the rest matched it. My boyfriend got up to find out what the deal was when we couldn't locate our server for an extended period of time. Their response was that they were really busy that night. It's Vegas...I'm not sure what they were expecting but that response won't cut it. Food was good but doesn't make up for the rest. We had a selection of hand rolls.There's a number of places you can eat on the strip and it's not exactly a cheap spot. I'd recommend elsewhere.
3	Space is swanky and we really wanted to like it. Dishes were hit or miss. Miso eggplant with shrimp and scallop was yum but everything else was just ok and soul-less and wayyyyyy overpriced. Acoustics were awful. On the other hand our server was top of the line. I think his name was Trevor. He was exceptional.
4	Such a great venue, you have a view of the encore beach club area which is never a bad site. We came here with a big group of girls and it was perfect the venue was perfect as we were able to chat across a big table without talking over too loud music. The shrimp pad Thai was awesome and a unique presentation. The rock shrimp tempura was literally to die for! So yummy. All the rolls we had at the table were also delicious. We all indulged in the lychee martinis which were perfect. We ended the night with the biggest dessert ever! I don't know what it's called but it's a giant tower of cake, mouse, chocolate, whipped cream and lit on fire! I highly recommend this place and plan on returning.
5	My boyfriend and I planned a trip to Vegas for my birthday and made reservations here in advance.  I can say it is the best restaurant I have eaten at, the food, atmosphere and service was as good as it gets. We enjoyed the truffle edamame appetizer and some sushi rolls and both had 0 complaints.  Our server was very attentive and helpful when we inquired about things on the menu and suggested some amazing drinks.  I thought about the restaurant the rest of our trip and it is the first thing that comes to mind when I think about when people ask me how our vacation was!
1	Ok so I have NEVER left a yelp review before in my life! We tried to have dinner at Andreas and were willing to sit in the cocktail lounge because we did not make reservation. The hostess told us it was first come first served so we grabbed a table only to be told that since we were (the guys) wearing shorts that we couldn't dine there. I'm sorry but I work at one of the highest grossing restaurants in the country (in NYC) and people can walk into there wearing whatever they want! We are in fucking Las Vegas get over yourselves honestly!!!!
5	Fantastic Environment ,Decor ,Lighting and superb service Top Quality ,My Personal Favorite Place on the Strip Love this Place and the Encore ,anything you can think of the best
4	Great atmosphere with good food
5	Great restaurant! Every appetizer was absolutely delicious from seviche to sushi. We all had Sea bass as a main course it was great. The desert tower that they catch on fire is fun and tasty.
4	This place was super nice and super white, just to make the restaurant look cleaner and elegant. When I say super white I mean their booths and chairs, etc. Anyway, I got the kimchi, edamame, tofu fried rice. When it asked the waiter if it was big or small he told me it was small and would need a side dish to fill you up, so I got a salmon roll that was only 6 rolls. I got my dinner and the kimchi, edamame, tofu fried rice, it was the perfect spice for me, everything was mixed in together and cooked just right and the salmon roll was small... But still legit! I wish it was bigger. So after I got my rice the waiter, as always Vegas has to scam you, told me to get a side cause the bowl was small. Oh it was small but the bowl was deep! So it got me hella full afterwards especially with the sushi. My friend got a side of asparagus and it was sooooo small. They gave her a lot but still, it was still delicious!  This place is expensive but the food is worth what you're paying for. I would come back. Although, the chefs took forever to cook our food and there was only like 5 tables occupied. It took them about an hour and a half to bring out our food and we were starving. Minus 1 star.
5	They always take care of is when we go. The chef is so sweet and talented. The food is wonderful with a lot of vibrant spicy and sweets tastes so basically anyone would enjoy it there and the service is tops.
5	Wow!! I love this place! From the food to the service and music. And also a great place for a date
1	Worse service, we had a bday there and the boss didn't even let us fridge the bday cake says it can be contaminated, but yet any other restaurant would've done it for us, the food was not good, we got the salmon and it literally tasted like they just added soy sauce to it, my friend ordered the glazed salmon and it tasted bad for her as well.  The only part that we might have liked was the appetizer fish sushi, not recommended and definitely my first and last time there, last but not least the bill came out to 800!! I could've had better food and service at Mcds
4	What is sometimes hard to find on The Strip is consistent and attentive service. This is my 3rd time dining here and I am happy to say that the staff here has both. They are very knowledgable about the menu, the food comes at a conservative non rushed pace, is very well plated and fresh.
3	Food was good ,ambience excellent . The onlynthing lack was service it was just super slow..since I amhigh on service my eexperience here was ok..
5	This review is long overdue, but I felt like I needed to write about what a wonderful restaurant this is! After searching (and searching) restaurants in Vegas, we decided on this place for a special birthday dinner. We sure made the right choice!! Amazing food with exceptional service.. this is one of the BEST restaurant experiences I've ever had.. from our private booth, to the engraved chopsticks, to the excellent customer service and amazing food! This place deserves all the stars it can get!! Ariel was our waitress and she was sweet, super nice, and very attentive. We ordered yummy drinks (Bringing Sexy Back and Cold Fusion), Tuna & Crispy Rice (best appetizer EVER! Could have just ordered this and been happy!), Crab Fried Rice, Philadelphia Roll, Rainbow Roll (so good!), and Crispy Pork Shank Pata. The food was amazing!! I think what did it for us, though.. in addition to the beautiful restaurant and good food was the wonderful customer service! Thanks for the great restaurant experience, Andrea's! We will definitely be back!
4	Very good attention to detail. Waitstaff very knowledgeable about menu items. Quality food prep and presentation. The wagyu beef was presented under a glass dome enclosing wood smoke. Crispy brussels sprouts were excellent. Trendy clean decor, well run operation.
4	The crispy pata was exceptional, it just melts in your mouth, will definitely recommend this place, good food and staff are very friendly.
1	Truly the worst service and most overpriced food on the planet!  Avoid this total disaster!  Wynn should be ashamed of himself!
5	What an awesome place!We planned a bachelorette party here. They were nice, professional and meticulous about the details. We had a group of 8. They seated us immediately upon arrival. They have our group a set menu that would stay within our price range. There was a vegetarian option.  We had 2 servers and one waiter attending us. The food was delicious and they even personalized chop sticks for the bachelorette. The decoration was beautiful. It was clean and such a great place to dine. We will definitely come back.
5	I was there on New Year's Eve shortly after it opened (1.5 year ago) for dinner before going out to the clubs at Encore/Wynn.We happened to sit next to the Wynns, while they were having their NYE dinner.We ordered miso black cod, tuna sashimi, and I can't remember... but we had a good combination of vege and meat options.We had fantastic cocktails, and they were almost better than the entrees themselves!Great service, great atmosphere, and great memories.Would go back again for sure.Highly recommended!
5	Delicious sushi and yummy cocktails.  We have tried at least 3 or 4 places on the strip that serve sushi, and this is our favorite.  Plus, it's fun to people watch all the people ready to go to the nightclub next door.
5	Amazing! Highly recommend! Amazing food, service, ambiance and uber cool vibe all in one! Modern elegance! Great flavors! Would defiantly go here again!!
3	It's a great ambiance, but a bit too glittery for my taste. The food is so-so for the price, even with $75 dining credit. No wonder why they have a lot of local special deals along with night club entrance. The brussels sprouts dish was my favorite of the night so that doesn't speak well for the entrees.
4	A solid four stars for food and presentation.  The restaurant is named after Steve Wynns newest wife, Andrea. The eyes behind the bar are hers. Delicious sushi and hot dishes galore. The beef sliders were a huge stand out during our dinner there. The rock shrimp and yellowtail sashimi were amazing too!
5	LOVE! LOVE!Everything was delicious, the service was perfect (attentive but not overbearingly so), the restaurant is beautiful and sleek. We just told our waiter to bring out whatever he thought would make a great meal and he surely did not disappoint. If you are able, I would recommend you take this approach for your order.  I would also encourage ordering the smoked beef carpaccio (heaven!). My only "meh"... it is really a scene. Some like that whole "see and be seen", but it's not for me. Lots of unwarranted "I'm the sh*t" attitude among many of the patrons. *sigh*. Despite that, it never took away from my wonderful dinner experience. It really is worth a stop when you're in Vegas!
5	I decided to go back to Andrea's this year as I was very impressed with the dinner experience I had last year and...My wife and I were not disappointed at all!!! Everything is top! We had the black code as well as the asparagus, dim sum and the rice with vegs and fried eggs!! The quality is good and the service very impressive, not to mention the incredible ambience experience...the only thing to not is that if you are looking for a red wine you will not find any bottle cheaper than 50$... Also they made us wait a bit but may be it was because of the very busy night. I would definitely recommend Andrea's!
5	Jay is an awesome bartender. Knows exactly what he's doing and never stops working. 5 stars and 5 star sushi.
4	Expensive, loud. Food is good, deserts are amazing. Especially cheesecake. Will come back.
4	I ordered the hamachi sashimi, cod, salmon cut roll and pad thai. all were prepared well and tasted fresh and of high quality. The service was extremely attentive, even to the point where my water glass was never emptied past the halfway mark. The ambience is nice and I really liked the clientele of this place. People who eat here dressed impeccably. One thing to note is that they play music that is clearly audible and while it adds to the positive vibes, it may interfere in your conversations somewhat.
1	Food was great but service was awful. We ended up coming for restaurant week and ended up waiting for our food for the whole time. We ordered hamachi appetizer, two steak entrees, and two salmon entrees. The wait between the appetizer and entrees was bearable since we ordered sides. I will admit we do eat quite fast but we waited more than 20 minutes between our appetizers and the entrees which made no sense because the restaurant had just opened the hour before and only four tables were seated.The restaurant was not full but we waited patiently. After our entrees were finished we waited past 40 minutes for our ice cream dessert. I didn't understand why he did not check in with us or why there was such a long wait for then to scoop ice cream into tiny cones. As soon as they gave us te ice cream I asked for the check. Whilst looking at the check the manager decided to check in on us and ask if there was anything he could do since we waited for so long. Why did you ask if my bill was already paid? What should I do at this point? Seriously guys? I hope a manager ends up contacting us back. I don't think this is acceptable even if I am a patron dining off of the restaurant week menu. Why did you decide to participate if you weren't going to treat all your paying customers alike? There were more than enough servers to accommodate us but there wasn't enough staff to cover the kitchen? Please help me understand. I spent $360 for dinner for four and I did not get the same service. What didn't make sense to me was that despite everyone seeing us wait for a long period of time no one checked in on us and I don't think this is acceptable. What a disappointment. Will not be returning.
4	I did restaurant week here. it was amazing. portions were perfect. only thing that i didn't like was some of the desserts but i'm not a dessert person. Service was fantastic too.
5	Came here for a pre-birthday dinner the scallops where yummy and the sliders where soooo tasty too. My fav was the 7 layer chocolate marshmallow cake. They pour a shot of rum and light it on fire! Looks super cool. Also if it's your birthday they give you personalized chopsticks with your name. :)
5	We ordered sea bass, peanut wabu short ribs and coconut creamed spinach. The food are heaven. Worth every penny!! The service is exceptional. The atmosphere is very classy and upscale.
5	Superb service!!! Amazing decor!!! The food is exceptional ! The BEST Asian fusion l have ever had in Vegas!!!
1	Yuck yuckWent there on Wednesday. The entire meal was comped and I would still never go back. I'm shocked to see 4 stars here. 1 star for ambience. Server : moon, she was amazing but timing was off... Way way off. We waited so long In between courses and cocktails. But she was lovely so Maybe the bartender or the kitchen was the problem. Food:Shishto pepper: peanut sauce, some were soggy some were al dente some seemed raw. Edamame: truffle infused... Best thing we had House salad: really?? You'd charge for lettuce and some sort of vinaigrette?Tempura; 6 itty bitty dime sized shrimp? Tempura rolls. Pad Thai: the worst I've ever had. Tasted like soggy egg noodles with absolutely NO flavor. Duck lo mein: gross tastes just like the pad Thai, bland, flavorless, and boring with tiny piece if dried duck  Chicken dish which was TINY and what should have been crunchy was soggy. Wok fried broccoli: yum Chocolate mousse: yum
3	This place is not bad. Biggest pros: happy hour menu and nice decor. The decor is pretty cool. There are booths around the edges that are pretty private and look romantic. The middle area is on a raised platform, which we sat on the edge of. That was pretty cool. There were a lot of large parties (I think I hear happy birthday song at least 3 times) so they seem to accommodate those well.You gotta know what to order here. I recommend the poutine, its basically shoestring fries topped with meat and sauce. Super yummy, reminds us of a fancy version of beef stronganoff. This is def a place you want to order fish. Their sashimi/ raw fish is good quality, we had the hamachi. 2 hubbies had the tempura, neither liked it or got full. The other 3 of us each order a diff fish entree and they were all awesome. My gf had the steamed sea bass. Honestly, I was worried when she said steamed fish, but I tried it and it was awesome. Super soft and buttery and good flavor. My cousin had the salmon, it was pretty good. It came with some sort of mildly spicy coconut sauce (had a Thai flavor) and it was good. I had the black cod, ohmygosh, SO YUMMY! For side we had potatoes, Brussels sprouts and 1 more thing I can't remember. I loved the crispy brussels sprouts (seems like they only fry the individual leaves so they are super crispy) but not everyone else did (they said it tasted bitter...?).Service on the other hand...OMGsoooooooooslowwwwwwwwwwwwIt was as annoying as my formatting. SERIOUSLY. Come on people. You really shouldn't give slow service to hangry people. Some fights happened at our table due to their slow service. UGHMy recommendation: try this place during happy hour. Much cheaper way to figure out what you like here and they do have some really tasty dishes (others not so much).
2	I am just going to make this short and to the point the place was lovely and so was the food, just delish had the KUSUNOKI FARM A5 STEAK , STEAMED EDAMAME, SEARED ALBACORE SASHIMI and THE WAGYU BEEF SLIDERS. Service...... it was horrible when asked for recommendations of cocktails we were given the tablet, and left. after 30 min came time to order. I asked for the sliders as my appetizer to start me off for now. WAITED 1 HOUR for that to come (and so did the waitress and in-between asked a random server for more drinks) and it came with the rest of my party's meals, I informed her I wanted to place my order and she told me this "I thought your sliders was your main order" I said HMM. "That was a wrong thought"  didn't want to wait another hour picked off from my friend and boyfriends plate. and still hungry left, i was really looking forward to trying more but honestly i would not go back again.
5	We had dinner after the show La Rave "the dream". What a spectacular show. WOW.  Andreas is a Great venue. Love the music. It's a lounge feeling at a Asian restaurant with vegas style. The drink mixologist was great. Had an old fashioned and a glass of champagne.  The decor is beautiful and vegas chic.Love the food. Had the steak tartar which was amazing. The cod was excellent. The Tom Kai soup was outstanding. The pad tie was wrapped in an egg wrap wonderful presentation. The servers manager whole staff paid attention to every detail. Enjoy the desert cheese cake wonton with the caramel sauces.  Enjoy a night in dinning opulence.
4	Came here.for a cocktail party then went off to Surrender night club with friends. Modern look , busy bar and not as many dining this evening including ourselves, but overall a great place to mingle pre party!
3	The Hubs and I ate at Andrea's before seeing Le Reve as part of a deal we got through the Wynn.  We had a credit for the restaurant, so we thought we might as well give this spot a try.  The restaurant is beautiful, quite open with a lounging upscale vibe.  We had perused the menu in advance, so we had a good idea of what we wanted to try.I had the pear cocktail, which was beautiful and tasted pretty darn good to boot.  The Hubs got talked into a carafe of hot sake, which turned out to be pretty expensive, but he did enjoy it.  I found the service to be pretty slow, even with random waiters coming to our table off and on.  It didn't seem like we had one dedicated server, which may have slowed things down a bit.  For food we shared the rock shrimp tempura, ramen sliders, duck confit pad thai, and pork/pineapple fried rice with a fried egg.  The shrimp and ramen burgers were awesome.  Both dishes had great flavor and were good portion sizes.  The pad thai and fried rice were just OK.  I do wish we would have tried something else, but oh well... live and learn.All in all we ended up spending double our credit, but walked away full and mostly satisfied.  Next time if we go I'd split some more of their appetizers as those were very tasty.
1	Wow...not sure where to begin here. All the signs were there for a great meal: high end hotel, great pedigree for the chef...and yet it was a near-perfect disaster from when we sat down. The issues in no particular order:- got several drink orders wrong- lipstick on one of the few orders they got right- took at least 45 minutes to deliver appetizers- one if the entrees had to be sent back... And we were still charged for itAfter we raised all of these issues, the waiters initial response was... Free ice cream. Sheesh.After this debacle, there's no way I could ever recommend this place, especially with so many other great options available.
5	This was our second time here. How we didn't find this awesome place earlier is beyond us. We had sashimi, miso cod, crab fried rice and crispy rice and tuna. Great quality and fantastic service!!!!The drink selection was awesome and the staff make you feel welcome and glad you came.  Makes me want to move to Las Vegas just for Andreas.
5	It's as, if not more, beautiful than the photos making it perfect for a glam, dressy night out. We enjoyed a majority of the food:Miso Cod - small but yumTempura/spicy tuna roll- always a winnerbroccoli side - makes eating your veggies a breezesalmon tartare- preeetty.. oh. and it tastes goodWe also ordered the Wagyu beef & lobster roll. My friend and I each had a piece and looked at each other funny. We felt it was either under-seasoned or just an odd combo. My friend had another piece just to check (so we ate 3 pieces of an 8 piece roll). She called over the waiter who got the manager and the blunt wonder that she is, stated flatly "We tried this roll and it's not very good..." (wow. thanks Lauren). without skipping a beat the manager said very charmingly (new word) "What can I get you instead?" we asked for a roll suggestion and bam one plate gone another in its place (the aforementioned delicious spicy tuna roll mmm.) long story short (too late) I appreciated the classy way our situation was handled. I mean, it was very expensive dish (thank you wagyu) and we were not charged despite admittedly taste testing it to an extreme. Overall, if you're looking for the "I'm in Vegas" experience, look no further. I would visit it again, and given the many amazing restaurants in the area, that's really saying something.
5	My favorite place in Vegas.  Appetizers Shishito peppers, edamame beans w/truffles, and tuna w/ coconut rice ( similar to Nobu's tuna app)  Main dish 5 spice garlic lobster 5 STARS.  GREAT SERVICE AND GREAT FOOD!!!!
3	We are at Andreas, the service is Terrible!!! The atmosphere in our booth is cosy (would recommend a booth) the food is really good when and if it's delivered. Dont come here if you are in a rush.
5	Wow!  My guy and I try out a lot of fine dining but this place really impressed us.  I can get a little jaded when menus all look the same...not true here.  Each dish we tried was unique with creative flavor profiles that made us want to order everything on the menu.  My husband had the miso marinated cod which was as good as Nobu.  I had a shrimp dish that had that perfect combo of sweet/spice/salt.  If I would have had my way we would have eaten here every night.  And don't get me started on the service.  Impeccable.
5	First restaurant I tried here at the Wynn and so glad I did.  Great start to my vacation. This restaurant is stunning and glamorous even down to their menus. Seriously wanted to try everything. Had their rock shrimp tempura and their spicy tuna roll along with this really good fruity cocktail.  Nice and sweet just how I like it.  Service was on point. We made reservations and were immediately seated to this beautiful booth. Our waiter was very nice and made great suggestions. Will definitely be back again..
5	Five stars for outstanding service. Our waiter Trevor was amazingly attentive without being a hover-er. His patience and resourcefulness exceeded my expectations. I had a few strange requests and he was able to get creative and make them happen, without making me feel strange about having strange requests. One of which was asking for fresh horseradish, he answered with, "we might have some in the kitchen, if not I'll run over to the restaurant next door and grab some for you. What?!?! Wow!!!! The food was well prepared and tasty. Sushi was fresh and the sushi rice was perfect (which is hard to get right). Each slice of sushi was exactly of equal cut, - how good sushi is supposed to be. Very impressed. Bakchoy was light and not greasy and with just enough crunch left. Filet mignon was well seasoned and tender (that's what I wanted the horseradish for)The overall experience was fantastic! Good for a fancy night out.
2	This place seem to slowly get worst every time.    Most the staff is very friendly.  Bartenders are very knowledgable but the rest of the staff could learn more about the food they serve.  The prices they charge for the sushi I would expect much Better quality, fairly standard.  I order 6 different sushi/ sashi and it took over an hour to get served half my order. My friend that ordered a cooked entree, got and ate their dinner by the time my 3rd order of sushi came by.  Other than that, it's hard to go wrong with the non sushi menu.
4	Far swankier than I was expecting - we came in at 10 pm and this place was absolutely packed.  Though we had a 10:00 reservation, it was another 45 minutes before we were seated, so we grabbed a drink at the bar outside.  Feels a little like dining in a dance club, but the food was excellent.  I ordered from the vegan/vegetarian menu.  I loved the gardein lettuce wraps - so good, I could eat that every day!  I also had their most popular vegetarian roll.  I forget the name, but it had crunchy veggies with a spicy vegan sauce.  Boyfriend liked his sashimi and spicy scallops which had a solid kick.  They had good wine selections, and a very friendly sommelier.  We were assigned two servers, which seemed to help speed things along on a very busy night.You will most likely dine alongside a rather interesting clientele - interesting to me, at least, coming from Seattle where your dining out attire consists of Chacos and a North Face jacket.  But even if you aren't a fan of sceney type places, I'd say the food here is worth a trip.  And it's probably a little less clubby feeling if you dine earlier in the night.
