4	For a long time I have not gone to KFC and on this night I felt I needed it... I also had to try the Double Down sandwich.... I was greeted with a very friendly staff with prompt fast service. I ordered the Double Down with an order of Coleslaw, Mash Potatoes with gravy and one drum stick... I rate the food as followed.Double Down Sandwich - DColeslaw - B+Mash Potatoes with gravy - B+Drum Stick - BI have always enjoyed some KFC every once in awhile... I was glad I had made this stop I forgot how much I like the Coleslaw and Mash Potatoes with gravy great stuff... I will be back again someday for sure.
2	Looking forward to some original chicken, while hubby wanted a double downer. On walking in we were a bit nervous as there was no one sitting in for food and no one in drive thru. The chicken I got was definitely reheated and was only ok, the wedges were cold and soggy. My husband couldn't get the double downer cos they only had one patty! He got a bbq burger instead, he ordered fries but was given the cold soggy wedges also. Our sodas were flat and tasted off. We won't be going back anytime soon!!
1	I haven't really been a huge fan of KFC, but today I thought I'd give it another shot. The drive thru was the only thing open and the person handling our had to constantly ask what it was I wanted. Even though there was only one car in front of us, the wait to get to window was about 10 minutes. When the lady started handing us our drinks, we noticed that our order was taken wrong after all that. After waiting 5 more minutes for our drinks, they then proceeds to tell us that we had to wait 5 more minutes for them to prepare the chicken. It actually turned out to be 10. The food was obviously reheated, and drinks were overfilled making them a mess to uncomfortable to touch. They alsoforgot my drink. I won't  be coming back ever.
1	Aweful! Waited 30 Mins for food and that is with hardly anybody there.
3	We come here because it's closest to our home. We frequent the drive through.as its quick and easy. This last visit the associate started out with a bad attitude, and I mentioned it to my husband...she may have heard me because when we got to the window she was much better and offered us a free drink while we waited for or bucket. It's nice to see that employees will turn their attitudes around and make things better.
5	kentucky fried chicken so what are you expecting? the chicken way is better than what i had expected but what made my experience stand out was the service of one young man. it really seems as if they were short handed today but this young black man named Cuevon? was cool as ice. He not only handled the entire walk in without breaking a sweat but he did so professionally and with pride. If I had any business that was hiring, he'd be exactly what I want as the face of the company.
1	Went through the drive thru. They asked me to wait, so i waited5 minutes until my bf asked them if they were ready to take our order. they apologized and took our order. We got to the window we waited 5 min when they finally came up to us but they asked again what our order was!! We asked for a water also. Then they came back gave us out order but forgot our water. Waited another 5 min and we finally got our water. I don't know how this place is still open. Ah probably cuz it's the only KFC here in ahwatukee. I don't usually do this but I'm sorry you guys deserve bad reviews. COME ON GUYS!!!
1	Overcharged me about $2 wasn't worth going back since I was already home when I figured it out. Also an item was missing from my order. Guy at drive through was in a rush to get rid of me and acted put off when I scrambled to get my money together because he told me to pull up to the window for my total. I would mention him by name but my receipt has a females name on it. Terrible service thank goodness I don't go to KFC very often.
1	Waited ten minutes to be greeted at the window, with an apathetic tone. Waited another ten minutes for my food. With a "here you go". No apology, no smile. They acted like I was inconveniencing them for being there. Then a couple of days later I order two sides, and both were wrong when I got home.
5	I often get the five dollar fill up. It's so cheap and I feel satisfied and full. I usually get the two piece dark meat original. It comes with mashed potatoes, a biscuit, and a chocolate chip cookie, AND and drink. The inside is the nicest kfc I've seen. Very clean and looks newly renovated. They are also very quick.
