1	Earlier this evening I visited the hi-health store on Power rd in Mesa, having received a flyer in the mail stating that the store will match the price of any product from any retailer, given that the product number and size are identical. There were no exclusions listed on the advertisement and there was not a single asterisk on the statement indicating exclusions. I asked the sales clerk to match the price of a protein powder also stocked by the online retailer vitacost. The sales clerk reviewed the flyer, nervously shuffled his feet, staring at the ground for a few minutes. Finally, I asked again if he could match the price as advertised in the company flyer. He told me that he could not and that the flyer was false. Out of sheer principle, I asked him to check with his manager. He disappeared to the back room of the store and returned a while later to tell me that the manager could only match the price if a retail store existed for the online retailer (of course, the ad stated nothing about this claim, yet nonetheless, the sales clerk looked up vitacost and found that a retail store did, in fact, exist in the US.) He returned to the back room to speak with his manager who supposedly called corporate to discuss the matter and returned shrugging his shoulders, avoiding any eye contact with me and scribbling with his pen on the flyer. At this point, I asked to personally speak with his manager because I felt that a company who advertises a claim should honor it. I can only assume that the manager refused to speak with me since he/she never appeared despite the sales clerk returning yet again to the back room to converse with him/her. The end result was that the sales clerk would not honor the ad claim in what I've deemed the greatest display of unprofessionalism I've ever experienced. I will never return to a hi-health store again. Neither will my boyfriend, nor any of our fitness savvy friends. A company that refuses to honor its own advertising claims is just not a company that any of us are willing to support.
4	I've only been here for the a10 plus allergy tablets, but each time, the people have been friendly and helpful.I'm not big into health food or supplements, but the allergy actually seems to help me.
5	I come here almost daily... Mainly to fulfill my slight addiction to Quest bars. In most cases you will find much healthier alternatives at this store than in any grocery store. The staff here is a lot like the staffs I encounter at most other hi-health stores around the valley, always friendly and helpful. Garrett, the manager here, knows his stuff!!!Also noteworthy... Way better than One-Stop. No hassle here, only help, and much cheaper!
