3	Food Truck Thursdays at Whole Foods Raintree:Husband had the beef and I ordered the chicken lunch specials. The special comes with 2 skewers, some veggies, rice, and peanut sauce. I really enjoyed my chicken skewers, they were delicious - the sauce was good and the chicken was tender/moist. The steak skewers had good flavor, but the meat was dry, dry, dry. Husband tried to trick me by offering one steak skewer for one chicken skewer, but I declined. The rice was regular white rice, but the skewer sauce made it tasty. The veggies were lacking and minimal. The peanut sauce tasted like peanut butter mixed with chili peppers. Super sweet and suddenly spicy - I don't like spicy peanut butter. Overall, the chicken skewers were good and everything else was just meh.
4	Just found this little gem via my cousin who urged me to Like on Facebook.  I received a FB notice that the truck would be in Tempe today so I drove over.  The food is good, I had the steak satay meal.  I think that the price is a little high $8.50 for only 2 skewers but maybe because the satay was so good I would have liked 3 skewers for the price.  I hope that Satay Hut eventually has a restaurant because I would definately travel outside the East Valley to eat there.
2	Tried Satay Hut when we went down to the Gilbert Food Truck Court this past Friday night.  Ordering - with only 1 customer in front of me, after the gal took her order, she told me that she would be with me in a moment.  5+ minutes pass by.  Did she forget she had customers at her window?  Who knows.  We decide to order from another truck.  However, after we're informed that it will take 30+ minutes to get our food from the other truck, I got back in line for Satay Hut.  Though having your order taken even when you're at the window takes a while, I must say that you do get your order pretty quickly.  We got a pork and a beef skewer.  The beef was tough, dry, and definitely overcooked.  Seriously a good thing I have all of my teeth.  I didn't bother giving any to Baby C.  The pork was not as tough, BUT it was extremely fatty.  And the peanut sauce was nothing to write home about - probably peanut butter with some type of chili sauce mixed in.  Really overpowering.  At $3.50 a pop - I doubt we'll be getting satay from here again.
3	I rolled up to the downtown food truck affair that occurs every Friday and took notice of this interesting concept, Dutch-Indonesian.  The name of their game is meat skewers, nothing too fancy.  If you ever had Satay Chicken at a Thai place, then you're not missing out.  For $3 a skewer, that's not too terrible I guess.  During this visit, they ran out of rice, so getting a combo was out of the question.  I went ahead and opted for a Beef and Chicken skewer--came with a spicy peanut sauce.  The taste didn't really stand out telling you that you should try it again.The overall menu is very limited.  When it comes to Asian cuisine, I always expect the flavors to just pop with a generous portion.  The biggest plus is that they have cheap protein on a stick but they fell short in the flavor department.  My personal preference with food truck is--you need to bring your A++ game, the one or 2 item that can draw a crowd.  For instance, Short Leash Dogs' hot dog on a naan with interesting toppings.
4	Satay Hut was at the Gilbert Food Truck Food Court a couple weeks back and even with the tough competition, I decided to get food from their truck. Totally happy I did! My order came out faster than the other people I was with, who were waiting on food from other trucks! Nicely done. The food was really good. I got a meal and I felt it was the right amount of food to be filling but not stuffed. I also really liked they had a vegetarian meal option too!
4	I tried the satay meal with 2 chicken satays and it was great! The chicken was nicely marinated and came with several sides to make it a meal. The woman taking orders was very friendly and the food was made within 10 mins of ordering. The meal was $9, a little much for a small lunch meal but it was pretty filling and tasty!
4	Had the chicken satay at the Satay Hut. Very good, especially with the spicy peanut sauce that accompanies it. The peanut sauce could be a lot hotter before they offend anyone but it was still tasty. Meat was tender but with charred bits. Good stuff.
5	Had the beef kabob & tofu kabobs. Peanut sauce had a kick & paired with the kabobs perfectly!
3	Good food...they have skewers with small combos with a small salad and rice...peanut sause has a little kick. .
1	Never again, I ate here and got the worst food poisoning. Don't risk it,
5	Very delicious blend of spices. Great service! I follow them on FB so I can catch them.
4	Excellent food, very friendly people. Will defnitely returm. Discovered Satay Hut my accident by browsing the Phoenix Truck Directory. They are at GoAz  Motorcycles every third Thursday of each month from 11:00 am to1:30 pm. I am glad they exist as I am a sucker for satay. The food is fresh and hot takes about 10 minutes to prepare.I had the Satay meal which includes two grilled skewers, steamed rice, cucumber salad, vegetables and spicy peanut sauce which was to die forThank you Satay Hut for a wonderful experience. Looking forward to seeing you next month. Satay!
