4	Having just moved here, I had a lot of home improvement needs, and Home Depot has been a reliable source. Although the prices at Lowe's are sometimes better (sometimes not), I've found the employees at Home Depot to be much more helpful and knowledgeable.
4	It's a Home Depot, the staff is generally pretty helpful. At times, finding someone to help you can take some time. The last couple trips went pretty well, and the staff was very helpful and guided us in the right direction for the toilet and sink repair parts we needed.
1	Terrible! Font bother going to the paint dept..... After a sales associate finished with a customer we asked if we could get some paint mixed ( would have been 6 gallons ) she said she had to "finish  this" and pointed to stock work she needed to do. I told her we would take our business elsewhere,,, she said "ok". As we were leaving I asked a guy if a manager was around and he said he was,,  I told him the situation and he said he told her to do it. Not, can I help you, not well let's figure something out,,,, flat out supported paying customers walking out the door.... I was so  angry I actually signed up for yelp to give this review,,,, Home Depot is terrible
5	I was forced to buy a new washer and dryer, and I have to tell you I was really happy with the way Rose at this Home Depot made us feel and how quick and easy she made the purchase, as well as the price.  I highly recommend that you ask for Rose Cook at this Home Depot for any appliance needs.
5	I love, love, love this ! Since I moved into my house I have used this store more than Macy's. WHAT? I know. My first experience was with the paint department. These people bend over backward for you. They understand their job, they love their job and they make you love coming in so you can get their amazing help!What bad can you say about Home Depot? I'm a chick and I love it, I cannot even imagine how men feel. It must be the equivalent of a woman shopping for shoes. You can never have enough tools!Any home improvement project you can imagine, you can create with the help of HD. I also bought a grill here, patio furniture, brooms, cleaning supplies, garbage bags, everything! If they sold Diet Coke by the 24 pack, I'd buy it here too!I'm also a card holder and the deals are amazing! No interest for 6 months on purchases over a certain amount. You can't beat that!The best thing, though, is the people. I have never seen attitude from a single person here. All I get is help, help, help! I love this store!
4	I like this store. Wide range of indoor and outdoor plants and the staff is always available to assist you.
3	It's Home Depot, it's a big box store, tools, lumber, you get it.Store is pretty clean, staff pretty helpful, not the best not the worst..Where else are you going to go? Lowes, same same...
5	I just want to say how amazing the staff is here. I was looking for a Makita 6 piece combo kit for my husband as a valentines day gift and needed it special ordered because it wasn't in stock. Brittany the Makita Rep was there and not only ordered it for me but also expedited it so I would get it in time for valentines day. The sales associate (who's name is also Brittany) called me and made sure I knew everything was there. I highly recommend this store, to me customer service is everything and they definitely exceeded my expectations!!!
5	Ordered a new refrigerator. Had to wait 5 days to get it delivered to our house from the warehouse. It was delivered promptly and when we expected it. The two delivery specialists were incredible skilled. They hooked us up and hauled off the old fridge with out even touching a molding anywhere on the house. Very professional. Thanks a lot Home Depot!
1	I don't like writing bad reviews, but this is the worst of the worst! We ordered all new appliances for a rental property. Waited a week for delivery. They called the night before to deliver the next day at 7PM. We asked if they could do it earlier, and very rudely said no. Okay, we moved our installation around. At 5:30AM, they called to tell us they were delivering at 6:30-7:30AM!! We told them NO, we would not call our tenants at that hour and they were expecting delivery at 7PM! Guess what, Home Depot delivers anyways, at 6:45AM!! Is that even legal?? And to top it off, they did not deliver the cords or vents!! And not even a return call or an apology. This store, the customer service "Manager Tracy and the Store Manager on duty really failed. We have been shopping Home Depot for over 20 years and this will be our last purchase.
4	I was in/out so quickly thank you to Evelyn in the garden department for helping me find exactly what I needed :) it's close by and my favorite home and garden place in town.
4	Close to my work, prices and availability of supplies are ample stock. The tool guys sure know their stuff and the self serve cash registers are conveniently located at the front and middle of the store.  I wished some things would not be replaced unnoticed.
3	This store isn't as busy as the one closest to me. So you never have to wait on anything. I've been remodeling my homeso I've spent the last two years in the wood and metal rows. They are way overpriced, on just about everything.For example, I've used a lot of 1/8x1x1 aluminum angle. iron. An 8' length is $18(including tax). A 25 footer atCurtis Steel is only $12. Home depot charges $1.50more a foot than Curtis. Another trick hey employ isto quarter their sheets of plywood, MDF. particleboard. Before they quarter it a 3/4"sheet of MDF isabout $21. Quartered sheets are $8 a quarter, or$32/sheet. That's a substantial markup. And that's all over the store. The store is convenient and the salespeople are real helpful. But if you've got a sizable project to do.--shop around. I built a 10'x20' shedon the west side of my garage(with a ten foot ceiling).I used doug fir2x4's and 3/4" MDF. Home Depot wanted $900 for a sheet metal box(they called it a shed)that was 8x8X8. I would have needed three of them($2700) to build a shed that I spent $500 to build. And don't ever let them install  anything for you. Even if it's.  just a washing machine. If you don't want to be bothered by playing "carpenter" for awhile,check out Craigslist. Lots of tradesmen are out of work.And many of them are really reasonable. ($15-$20/hrfor carpenters, bricklayers, and plumbers is real reasonable. If you decide you'd rather play doctor----you're on your own. The advantage of using a tradesman is that HD gives him a break on materials because he's jobber..When they began the concept of a big boxconstruction materials where house 40 years agothese places weren't cheap, but they were reasonable.I drove a cab the last 20 years before I retired. TheHome builders came every January. A lot of theirconversations centered on pricing. If you could convince a customer he was buying more for less,you went to the head of the line.
4	Leo House was perfect for us! We'd come for a short visit to attend a play on Broadway, and we didn't want to break the bank for a hotel. Make no mistake, we're not talking luxury accommodations here. If you are looking, however, for a very reasonable price, safety, nice people, and a squeaky clean hotel, Leo House could be for you. Rooms are very tiny, plumbing is old, and not every room has its own shower/bathtub. BUT, the towels are way better than we've seen at most mid price in Las Vegas, NV read really expensive hotels, the beds are comfy and pure white sheeted, and a full breakfast with homemade breads and with fresh fruit and meat is $9.00 except no breakfast is served on Sunday. Also, and perhaps best of all, the place is situated a half block from a subway station - one that carries the A line straight down to Wall Street and straight up to 50th St. and beyond. If you're on a budget and value clean over spacious, the Leo House is a great find.
