2	Good Ole Rabbie Burns! or not...as in the case of the tourist Cafe on the Royal Mile. The name may be appealing, but trust me - thats the extent of its appeal. Yeah ok, it's a pleasant place, nice and clean and a reasonable layout but the overall experience leaves a lot to be desired, I'm afraid to say...You can tell it's aimed at tourists as the menu has a quaint Scottish twist, such as 'a wee rolly' and 'haggis and mare haggis' . Being a local, I avoid these places like the plague. I generally try to avoid the Royal Mile, but I can understand its appeal for visitors.the menu of Rabbie Burns isn't exactly extensive, don't expect fois gras and terrine of duck. More like...4 cheese panini and Macaroni Cheese. Yeah, don't get me wrong, if you're looking for a quick, cheap bite to eat while catching all the sights then Rabbie Burns is your place...but if you want something a little bit more exciting there are a plethora of places lined along the same street as the cafe which would fill the whole a lot better
4	As horrendous as it is, the Rabbie Burns makes me chuckle. Mercilessly milking the demand for Scottish tat in the area, the owners have milked The Bard's image for all it's worth, even though he himself had only the most tenuous link with Edinburgh and spent most of his drunken life living in some inbred shitty village miles away.Walls adorned with Burns themed tat taken straight from a jumble sale, and a "Scottish" menu where the haggis comes straight from a tin, it's the very epitome of a tourist trap, perhaps the most glaringly obvious example in the whole city.Wild horses wouldn't get me to eat here again, but in some arsey, self-absorbed, ironic way, I still find it quite cute.
3	Situated on the Royal Mile the Rabbie Burns is specifically designed for tourists, the decor is rather naff and the prices are rather expensive. Having said that, last summer when I was soaking up all the theatre at the Fringe Festival I had an overpowering urge to eat a full English fry up. Luckily for me, I was standing right outside the Rabbie Burns at this point. Perhaps this urge came from the fact that the smell of sizzling bacon, baked beans and cooked sausage was wafting out of this cafe and there was someone sitting outside devouring a whole breakfast - fried mushrooms and all. I couldn't help myself I just had to go in.Service was quite good and I didn't have to wait too long before I was gorging on my very own fried breakfast complete with a good old fashioned cup of tea. I have absolutely no complaints about the breakfast, the bacon was slightly rubbery but it hit the spot and I left with a full tummy pleased that I had satisfied my breakfast pang.Not the kind of place I would frequent often and I guess it really was a one off experience and I could have got a full English much cheaper if I'd only been bothered to walk a little bit further afield off tourist trap central but out of convenience this place is a-okay.
4	The Rabbie Burns is a very reputable cafe on the Royal Mile, serving up a number of snacks ranging from panini's and breakfasts to burgers.The decor inside and out should give you a clue that it's one for the tourists, but that's not to say the locals wouldn't enjoy a munch from here. Although it's on the expensive side of pricey for teas, sandwiches and panini's (over a fiver), it seems to be commonplace to charge that amount on the Royal Mile, and the food is good.Where the Rabbie Burns earns its stars from me is through its choice and presentation. It's a clean cafe with loads of seats (including a huge space outdoors during the summer). There are loads of options on the menu, and even though some smaller snacks are more expensive there are full breakfasts and lunches you can devour as an alternative. They had some eats I didn't expect to see such as Greek meatballs, and although I didn't see all that much in the way of veggie options (no veggie burgers, I'm afraid) there were fillings in other dishes suitable for vegetarians.I was even more impressed to see they serve up some bottled beers and wines. It's refreshing to see a cafe have some alcohol on their menu since many of the pubs on the Royal Mile are traditional and thus quite cosy and enclosed. On a summer's day the Rabbie Burns can seem like the airy option, and getting to sit outside a cafe watching the world go by while drinking a few beers is quite continental. I would opt for the beer or an Irish coffee over spending 2.50 on a pot of tea - to be honest, that was the one area that I found a little offputting.Its quite expensive, the exterior is a bit tacky and it's clearly geared towards tourists, but the choice on the menu and tasty food make it one of the better placs to grab lunch on the Royal Mile.
4	I found this cafe/pub after wandering past the many kilt and celtic jewelry shops on the Royal Mile relatively early one Saturday morning.  I was on a mission to try Scotland's legendary (and rather intimidating) haggis, and since Rabbie Burns featured a Scottish breakfast complete with haggis AND fried egg, I was immediately sold.  Wandering into the quaint, primarily wooden interior, I was greeted with smiles and urged to sit wherever I liked.  I chose a seat by the window to maximize people watching.Ordering was extremely efficient and easy as I already knew I wanted to try the Scottish breakfast (~$7).  A mug of tea (~$1) was presented by the cheerful waitress, and the breakfast platter quickly followed.  I had 3 rashers of bacon (extra crispy like I asked), 1 sausage, 1 portion of haggis, 1 fried egg, 1 tomato, a small lake of baked beans and 1 flap jack.  Firstly, the haggis did not look anything like I pictured.  I was expecting an alarmingly intact stomach full of ground organs.  Instead, the pile of haggis looked rather like smashed falafel balls.  In fact, it tasted rather like a palatable hybrid of sausage and falafel.  I'm not sure if it was the real deal, but I liked it.  It was especially good with runny egg yolk and flap jack.  Everything was delicious, and I made quick word of the platter.  PARTING THOUGHT: Are there really enough tourists to support all the kilt shops on the Royal Mile?
5	My wife and I stopped at this place after walking up and down the royal mile and were pleasantly surprised. We had a nice meal of fish and chips but what really sets this place apart was the manager Paul and his passion for and knowledge of whisky. We followed Paul's guidance and found two new scotches we really enjoyed. We had such a nice time talking with Paul, we came back a day or two later and sampled several more bottles. As expected, Paul's selections were right on the money factoring in our tastes from the previous visit. He also urged us to try something possibly outside our comfort zone and we ended up with a new favorite!  We thoroughly enjoyed all our visits to Rabbie Burns mostly due to Paul's excellent and friendly service and the vast selection of whisky.
5	Great haggis, great service, great whisky advise, and free wireless to customers!
3	We went to this cafe because it was the only place we could find on the Royal Mile with free outside seats. Unfortunately we would have been better off continuing our search elsewhere. The service was acceptable but the Caledonian Best was bad and explained away by the landlord as being the last pint in the barrel. The prices were shocking, even for a tourist trap.
4	This is place is full of character and charm... and whiskey. Like a lot of whiskey. We ducked out of the rain while on a short Edinburgh vacation to warm up and try some single malts. It's cozy, has free Wifi and everyone was really nice. Upon seeing that we were whiskey enthusiasts, the owner (maybe manager?) pulled up a chair and shared some favorites with us. He even pulled out a bunch of whiskey books and took us to school. Educational and boozational. I think that's a word. There was a nice fella playing some pub tunes and it put us all in the happy vacation-y spirit. Good times!
