2	I have had several vehicles brakes done here.  The service manager, Lonnie, has been here 14 years.  As brake shops go there are no worse than most.  They are always friendly.  So why only two stars?  Attention to detail.  This appointment was for a wheel stud that Discount had stripped and so it was no charge to me.  I had stopped in a few days before to set the appointment and was assured to proper parts would be there.  They had the stud but just tossed on whatever lug nut they had which not only looks different than the original equipment, but when I go to sell the car and remount the wheel covers I will have to find a stock lug nut.  They quite often will quote a 5PM finish time and it winds up being 6 or 7.  It always seems like the vehicles need calipers or rotors by the second time the pads wear out.  If you keep your vehicles a long time like I do brakes are eventually free because everything you buy is lifetime warranty.  Because they are a known quantity I will most likely keep going back.
2	Was suggested to go to this shop for my alignment. I made my appointment and was told 30 min on the phone. When I arrived they told me closer to an hour for the appointment. Strike 1. When I picked up my car they told me it was $50 for the alignment. I was originally told I only needed the $30 alignment.  When I questioned them on the price they quickly changed it to $30. Too quickly. Like they did the $30 alignment but tried to charge me $50 because I am female. I asked an ASE mechanic the difference between the 2 alignments and they didn't know. When I found the definition online I was told they are the same thing!  Strike 2. As I drove away I noticed that when I was driving straight my wheel off by about 20 degrees. How do you do an alignment and not set the steering wheel correctly?!?  Now I had to come back again to have them fix that! Strike 3. I will tell you everyone was nice and pleasant to work with And the price was unbeatable. Unless you know what you're talking about with cars I wouldn't come here.
5	I've been going here for years, and Lonnie is one of the most respected technicians I have ever had the pleasure of doing business with. Network Alignment has a great reputation in the car enthusiast community. Ask any car forum where to go for an alignment and 90% of the people will recommend this place, and for good reason. I drive a heavily modified car and they have always been open and honest about what they can/cannot do. They've never tried to up-sell me, or any customer while I've sat there and waited.They will take the time to bring you over to a table full of spare parts and do their best to educate you on the problem. I'll continue to recommend these guys for years to come. You can't beat their service or their reputation.
5	Great experience here. Jeff helped me out, I called in only 2 hours before closing and they said they would squeeze me in for an alignment. I headed over, after waiting a bit because they were busy (understandably) they took a look at my car. Unfortunately  the pulling of my car to the right was unable to be fixed but this was out of their control. They did their best to align my car and when he figured out he couldn't, they fixed it so it wouldn't put extra wear on my tires. After all that, they didn't even charge me because they couldn't fix the pulling! What a great experience! That says a lot coming from somebody who usually is very apprehensive of car repair shops especially because I am a girl, so I feel like they usually want to take advantage of me! Jeff was very friendly and I would definitely recommend this shop to everybody I know! I'll be back!
5	No comparison.Lonnie is the man, seriously.  People skills off the charts, knowledge to match.  Outstanding work that blows away any other shop I've ever frequented.  Going nowhere else for all my vehicles- even my lifted truck, ever again.  I pass about 30 shops to get to Network because I want it done right.  Highest recommendation.My recent experience is what drove me to Yelp.  I've had a shop try to align my truck several times.  I thought I was just stuck with "bad geometry" up front.  Man, I am so glad I came here!  Truck drives better than I can recall, I'm rolling easier and straight- no drift- can't wait to see if I've gained any mpg.  I am certain I have.  My baby is tight again, ready for some mountain duty.Call Lonnie!
5	Very friendly atmosphere. First time I've been offered bottled water by every employee. All the other people in the waiting area notice it too... Everyone is smiling in here. It's great. :)
2	We had an appointment for 430 pm. The place is busy. Several more people walked in with an appointment after us and before we knew it, there were 20 people in the waiting area and our truck still had not been touched after 30 mins. I counted three workers in the service area (one just standing there) and one at the desk. I am taking an educated guess that they have over scheduled and all appointments have shown up and they are very understaffed. Well, an hour later, they came out with a list of problems with our truck and they would not be able to align it. Needless to say, we did not get our truck aligned. :-( getting a second opinion. Staff was nice, though. Lonnie is great. Sorry, Lonnie for two stars, but we are almost positive that the list of problems they gave us is overkill. Will not be back. Too many other places in Phoenix. They offer waterin the waiting area, however, the fridge does not keep it cold. It is room temperature.
5	Love these guys! I brought my car in for what I thought was an alignment issue. They put it on the rack an said that my alignment was not the issue. There was probably an issue with the new tires I just put on. No charge Honesty goes a long ways with me, much appreciated!
