1	Ok so I was so hopeful that a fast fresh real Mexican  restaurant would open so we wouldn't have to drive to Popo's (the best) but after running in for a quick bite with my daughter boy was I disappointed. She got the pork burrito and it was bland, she added some of the medium salsa to it & it wasn't awful. I ordered Enchiladas & taco both of them were almost undeniable! I got one enchilada with green sauce & it tasted like it was straight from the can & the red sauce was ketchup & cumin base, total disappointment! The barbicoa meat was dry with no flavor! The only thing that was ok was the free chips & the medium salsa, the greenish one, the other salsa's were thick & bland. Hope this helps & that you have a different experience!
5	Live down the street from this place, just opened up and thought I would stop by. Huge mexican food fan so I tried their Carna Asada tacos and I will say easily one of the best I have ever had, great job prontos this place is gonna do great!
5	We decided to try this place after realizing we had a coupon. I was incredibly surprised at the quality involved in their food. I had two chicken tacos and a fish taco and everything was incredibe. The fish taco rivals that of rubios. I'd say this was even better, because it wasn't as rich and didn't sit as heavy on my stomach. The hard shell tacos were as good as ones at full service restaurants (reminded me of the tacos at manuel's or Ajo Al's but even better because the shell was crispier and easier to bite through). The only semi-complaint i had was that the chicken, although perfectly cooked was not seasoned so be sure to add lemon or salsa. I'll definitely be going back.
5	I didn't know that Pronto existed until I was thumbing through the Valupak of coupons and found theirs. It was close to my place, and I've gotten tired of Mixteca and Carumbas. I think some bbq place used to be there.I tried the carne asada burro with a side of sour cream and a fish taco. The burro looked a little on the small side when compared to other places, but the flavor made up for that BY FAR. The meat was tender and marinated well, the pico was tasty with a little spice, and the tortilla was perfect and didn't break like they usually do.The fish taco was big and very satisfying, and after eating it I had to save the burro for a later meal. The decor was inviting and what you'd expect at a nicer Mexican food place. The staff was very nice, and there was even a worker who would quality check the food before bringing it out to the customers. They even have... and this a huge plus for me... a salsa bar! I know, I know, almost everywhere has these now. But it makes the experience personalized and by the time you've gotten all yr salsa and pico, the food is done! Even better than playing Plants vs Zombies while you wait! This place is new, awesome food with super affordable prices. If they keep it up, they will make that corner their permanent home, and no one will even remember that bbq place... whatever it's name was.
3	Four of us went to Pronto's for lunch today. We enjoyed the food, but felt it was over priced for what we received. 2 of us had enchiladas which were cheesy and good tasting. One had a beef taco and I had a bean tostada with a fish taco. Our lunch total was over $25 with our 3 drinks, which seems high for what we received. Don't get me wrong, the food was good but it was over priced in my opinion.
5	Large Beef Burrito with homemade Tortilla was great.  Tacos were filled with fresh Beef, Cheese, Onions, Lettuce & Tomatoes served w/ a side of Beans AND Rice. We all had soft drinks and the bill was under $20!  Friendly service and the bathrooms are clean.  PS Margarita's are a $1.00 OFF on Friday's.
5	We had lunch & discovered Pronto's! Great buritos, cheese crisps & crunchy shredded beef tacos. Nice flavor for the meat & good size portions.  We will definitely come back..
