5	The GM Frank, I believe, was really cool with both the customer in front of me who said he doesn't usually Yelp but was so pleased with the job they did on his bumper he was going to Yelp about it.  Mike, the guy who checks your car in was very cool and didn't try to up sell me to a more expensive oil change.  He offered it but didn't push it.   I don't know why so many Jiffy Lubes are in the top ten on Yelp.  Their basic oil change is twice as expensive as Meineke, and the asst manager at the Jiffy Lube on Marks St. tried to talk me into a 79 dollar oil change.  Guess he thought I was some sort of moron.  21 and change for my oil change at Meineke.  Forget Jiffy Lube and get your lube on at this Meineke if you are in the area.
5	Both gentlemen I had to speak with, (tech Eric, and the manager Frank) were great. A complete lack of the bs that I'm used to when it comes to auto places. They were fast, nice, and it wasn't just with me. A dude was here before me and was taken care of quite well for his battery and some other stuff. Very good place.
5	Great and efficient service.  They break everything down that needs to be serviced.  Happy I stopped by.
5	I had brake service done at a different shop that was in this location, so when I had problems 10 months later, imagine my disgust when I found out that the other shop was gone.  No ability to get things straightened out or solved when I learned that I paid for services not received (new rotors).  Luckily for me, however, Meineke and Frank helped me through the difficult situation.Frank worked with me on solutions, and even was able to track down where my brake pads were purchased from by the other shop and get them covered under warranty.  I felt he went above and beyond, showed me clearly what the charges would be for the work needed (new rotors for real this time!) and never pressured me.  My car was well taken care of and the work was finished when promised.  As a woman, it's tough sometimes with auto shops because you always feel like you might be taken advantage of.  I can honestly say that this place has earned my business and I will be a repeat customer.Tip: Make sure you check out the website in advance for coupons and special offers.
1	I have read these good reviews here, and feel so sad I could not receive the same such good service, treatment.Visited for oil change and rear light repair, just before leaving for long distance driving vacation.  After a long waiting, they recommend new front break too because it is only left 2mm, too.  Since I was on the way to vacation, I was in hurry to the destination, so I leave break replacement for later.  Coming back from vacation, I checked for the break work price, and found the dealer's tech is cheaper than them. I brought my car to dealer's tech. and heard these breaks still left 7mm...Also, the invoice price is somewhat confusing, not straight.  I can not  find out how this total amount, calculation, comes up...   It's a silly mystery.
5	They gave me a solid quote and replaced my axels! I needed new tires and they helped me price out good ones on the cheap. Love it.10/10 will be back.
5	Getting ready to drive home to Los Angeles and my tire pressure light came on. I was on my way to the Jeep dealer when I drove past this Meineke. On a whim I stopped and they were amazing - they took the time to listen to what was up, including that I was about to drive to Los Angeles, and helped me right away (which possibly irritated the gentleman who was waiting for his car to be finished, but can't have been too terrible an imposition since the whole exchange took less than 5 minutes from the time I pulled up until I was back on the road).They checked my tires and filled the low ones, no questions asked, no long wait no hassle. In fact, they didn't even charge me although I surely would have paid them for their time - especially since they saved me from driving about an hour out of my way to go to the Jeep dealer.I wish they were closer, I'd bring my Jeep to them for tires and brakes every time.
2	Brought the car in for a synthetic oil change and after they started the service they told us their credit card machine "wasn't working." So I ended up walking around the mall trying to find an ATM to get enough money to pay for the service. You would think they would be apologetic, but not a friendly face anywhere. Back to Jiffy-Lube for us.
5	I've been taking my cars for repair work here for the last year and a half. They are always friendly and honest. They've always allowed me to come back and showed me the wear on parts prior to replacement.They are spot on on their quotes.  I've recommended them to co-workers and each of them has positive things to say about the level of service they get there.
