3	It's all about the potatoes!  Yea, I've gotten other things - but in the end it is ALL about the baked potatoes.  Their Pollo Mexicano, with chicken cheese, pico de gallo and sour cream on a potato is SO good.  And the potato covered in pulled BBQ meat (think it's pork, but can't remember for sure, could be beef) and cheese is SO good.  Yea, these aren't as good for you as some of their other baked potato options, but MAN are they good!  And the potatoes are huge.  And most of these are less than $6 - and you can generally even make this a 2 meal lunch.  Talk about a bargain.  Their toasted Po'Boys are pretty good too.  And they have some good "light" options as well.  They don't even taste TOO terribly "light".  And their kids menu is pretty decent too if I remember.  I haven't brought a child here to be able to get their opinion on it, but I'm guessing based on their other stuff that it has to be pretty good.  So while I can most likely recommend anything there - to me, it's all about the 'taters.
4	Jason's Deli is a great place to go before a movie at Shea 14. They have a ton of delicious options so it's a great place to go with a group. They mostly sell a variety of sandwiches, salads, HUGE potatoes, desserts, and much more. Now back to those potatoes I think they may be chemically altered, but they taste great. If you are really hungry get one, but they are big enough to share. I stick to the Plain Jane potato which comes with butter, sour cream, bacon, and chives. Another great thing about Jason's Deli is the free frozen yogurt. Yup after your meal enjoy some fro-yo on them! What more could I ask for!
1	I live very close to Jason's Deli. For a long time, I ate there at least once a week. Last time I visited Jason's Deli, I ordered a chicken salad wrap with tomato and found a metal staple in my food. I have not been back since...
2	We ordered lunch for delivery from here today.  I had never, ever had a reuben in my life.  Never had sauerkraut, either!  A guy at work yesterday had a reuben and I just had to try it.Deliver took forever.  I mean FOR-EVER!  Sandwich was ok, if a bit soggy (could be from being wrapped so long during the delivery).  I was disappointed at the flavor, though.  Not much at all!My co-workers had salads, and I wish I had gotten one, too.It was an OK lunch, but I probably won't eat there again.
4	If, like me, you have recurring  dreams about eating nothing but cake cones filled just to the rim with vanilla soft serve ice cream, Jason's Deli is your Mecca.  Buy a sandwich, throw it away and welcome yourself to vanilla cake cone heaven. Every meal @ Jason's Deli comes with all you can eat soft serve ice cream.  If you have no money or morals, you can just skip the buying a sandwich part and cut straight to the ice cream.Other than the ice cream, Jason's Deli has some effing awesome tortilla soup.  I've only tried one sandwich there, and it was pretty good. Wish I could remember what it's called...
3	I used to not like this place, but I read they changed everything. The Now use these amazing organic cibatta rolls and have removed the High Fructose corn syrup from everything!!! The also are the first restaurant to take it upon themselves to remove trans fat form 100% of everything sold there!. The Royal with light mustard is super good and I usually just switch any of the sandwiches for turkey and ham if I only like the toppings. It has totally improved and I come here often now. Oh and I read a review that said you get Soft serve with any meal? Is that true? Why did I not know that?I would give them an extra star but they have a lesbian that works there that is thinner than me, jk ....but there is
1	I was soo dissapointed with this place. I was hoping that it was going to be a New York style deli like Chompies, but it was more like hospital cafeteria food. For a deli they don't even have good bread choices. I asked for 9 grain and I got this crappy faux weat bread, you know the weat bread that is brown but basically just white bread with no nutritional value. Then the mayo they used on my sandwich was nasty, and I asked for rosted red peppers and they gave me this weird pepper oil spread instead. My side was a handful of crappy potato chips, there were no other options. :(The side was My sister got the salad bar and while she kind of liked it, I thought it sucked. The only fruit they had was covered in fatty yogurt and cake! I would never go back to this place again, it's just overpriced cafeteria food. Oh and the manager starred at me and my sis the whole time, it was awkward!
3	They have free soft serve ice cream with your meal!  That alone gives this place 3 stars. I've only been here a couple of times and it's growing on me. My boyfriend is a huge sandwich person and I am not but I decided to give in since he was buying lunch. The first time I came here I decided to be anti-sandwich and got the chicken alfredo. It was a huge serving and it was ok, but not great. The next time I came here was for a team lunch (yay, my company was paying), and this time I got half a Bird to the Wise sandwich (it's a warm sandwich, which I prefer) and a cup of broccoli and cheddar soup. I loved both. However, I had to tell the boyfriend that I just liked both, "You know, it was ok, whatever," because he would find it necessary to drag me here all the time.
4	I like Jason's Deli. I'm not real picky but I just don't understand why this place doesn't have better reviews.  I love their salad bar because it is simple yet always super fresh with a good amount of dressing options.  Their sandwichs have always impressed me and the soups are great and made fresh everyday.  They are a no trans fat place and most of their stuff is organic.  I think its great but maybe I just suck. Who knows.
4	Why did I love this place so much?+ Free softserve icecream+ Loads of organic produce and bread+ No high fructose corn syrup (unless you get a soda)+ Excellent spicey tortilla soup+ Quick, healthy and delicious+ My bf got the potatoe and I couldn't believe the monster! It was 4 lbs!It sounds like this place has improved since earlier reviews. I would go back anytime for lunch, it was great. And kids eat free on Sunday's (so avoid it like the plauge and go another day ;)
4	Great diner/sandwich joint.  Love their selections of soups.  You can also eat outside.  Lines can be long during lunch hours thought but I think it's worth the wait.  Probably best Deli option in N. Scottsdale.
4	So it seems  that I just went to a really bad, ghetto Jason's Deli. I recently went to the Mesa location and it was really good. I loved the salad bar and that they had so many healthy options, I was very pleasantly surprised! And their multi-grain crackers are awesome.On an unhealthier note the giant baked potatoes are crazy but soo good!
4	Great place, great food, great location.  I ended up with the salad bar and was very impressed with the offerings and the quality of them.  Huge salad bar, well stocked, clean and easy to use.  Over all it was a great experience.  I would go back.
2	This particular Jason's Deli is a dud. Normally I enjoy Jason's Deli, but when I ordered my favorite sandwich here I noticed several things were subbed out for (cheaper?) alternatives.. for instance, instead of pico, I got a small cup of much more basic salsa (it was not very good). When I asked them about it (I thought they might have just grabbed the wrong sauce), they mentioned something about it being a "corporate" store to explain the differences.  In any case, I recommend avoiding this particular location if possible!
4	After getting rained out at the Arabian Horse show at Westworld, I was very very hungry.   I was going to eat at the horse show, but since it was so muddy and wet, I didn't stay as long as I had anticipated.After leaving the show, I drove down scottsdale road debating what I should eat.  Something filling, not fast food, that wasn't going to drain my pocketbook.  I then spotted Jasons Deli and immediately pulled in! I've been to their locations before.  I used to frequent the location in Awatukee, but have yet to have been to this one before.The menus for them are all the same (obviously) at all their locations.  You order at the counter, pay, and then they bring the food out to you.I got the half sandwich with a salad.  Gigantic sanwiches, and salad was self serve from the salad bar.  I had wanted a Cesar Salad, and the guy told me I could make it myself at the bar, but when I went to the salad bar, there wasn't any Cesar Salad stuff!  BUMMER!  Thats okay, I survived with minimal crying involved.Food here is good, ordering is a bit awkward for me though.  Prices are steep, but considering how much food you get, I guess the value is there.  I love a good deli sandwich, and this place seemed to hit the spot.Not a true authentic deli, but good enough when you need some hearty food.  I would return again in a heartbeat.
4	I have been to Jason's Deli several times. I want to rave about their Bowl of Red Beans & Rice spiked with chunks of sausage for $3.59 that fills me up. And don't forget the free all you can eat garlic bread slices. This meal has been consistently outstanding since I have had it the last 3 times I have been there. A great place to have a leisurely meal. A typical meal with a drink is in the $6-$10 range. I have enjoyed their sandwiches as well on past trips. And who can forget the free soft serve ice cream to cool down your mouth after inhaling the spicy Red Beans & Rice.
4	I eat here about once a week, but usually get take-out. I'm in love with their cheese broccoli soup. I have it so much that I should probably start looking for a 12-step program. I usually walk in, order, and walk out with my food in just 2-3 minutes. I haven't tried the sandwiches or salads at this particular location, but elsewhere I've really enjoyed them. The food here won't blow your mind, but it's quality stuff and hard to top given the price, speed, and convenience.
4	I've been to Jason's deli twice and its become one of my favorite places to eat for lunch. My personal favorite is the Sante Fe Chicken sandwich; I love the guacamole mixed with the bacon and chicken breast. I also like how they have complimentary soft serve ice cream as well.
4	I joined @rscottjones for lunch at @JasonsDeli.I had the quarter-muff DEAL. (Quarter muffaletta, and I opted for the seafood gumbo)If what I had constitutes a quarter of a full sandwich, I could feed my family on one muffaletta; it was HUGE! Definitely enough to satisfy me, and an especially great combination with the gumbo.The gentleman at the counter warned me that the gumbo was very spicy. While there was a bit of a bite, it was certainly not as much as he led me to believe, which was actually a little bit of a disappointment. (I love it hot!)A delicious, and pretty quick, lunch.Bonus; free softserve ice cream!I'll be back, as it's close to work.
4	This place has consistently good food on EVERY visit. Lots of choices and really fast service! Lucky to have this so close to work. Check the soup and sandwich combo. Salad bar rocks too.
4	Their good was good. Service was better. I work in DC Ranch and we picked up a to-go order for 10+ ppl. One sandwich was left out of the bag when we went over the order. They had someone drive from Scottsdale/Shea to DC Ranch to deliver that one sandwich and took it off the bill. Very nice! Thanks!!
4	THEY DELIVER!!I can't tell you how much i love this quality.  Lets face it, there are days when you don't wanna get your lazy but up to get something to eat when you are out of groceries or sometimes you are so swamped with homework that you can't afford to take a break to step out for something- these guys are prompt.  You can order online and they never take too long.  I love getting their sandwiches or soups and they have an awesome selection of baked potatoes.  It's not too pricey either which is fantastic.  Every time I order from them my food is still hot and always delicious.  Thumbs Up!
2	Terrible!  I ordered a HUGE order an they forgot two things. That's ok i guess but when I called to inform them that my food is missing, the manager  Cheri argued with me as if I was lying!  She kept telling me she knows its in the bag and i need to checkthe bag  i was appauled  ive been the gm of prestigious restaurants an i grew up running my dads sandwich shops (he owns 12 so i would say i know what im talking about!)The right thing to do is to live by "the customers always right" in that industry. The best part is, I found out that it was her fault. Yes, she put it in A bag. But she never gave that bag to the driver. She should have comped the sale because our food was ordered as an office to eat together and guess who ate alone?! ME!!  I see why they are closing locations in other cities!!!!  I do want to say thatthe driver was AMAZING!!!!  Thanks to him I am happier.I bumped it up a star only because someone named Allison called and she apologized for the mess up. Thata nice and all, but mess ups happen thy is not a problem. Happens everyday inthe food industry. The one star and bad review was given because of the manager Cheri arguing with me as if I was making up the fact that my lunch was notbi n the bag. No one called to apologize for one her arguing rather than apologizing and getting my lunch to me asap and to apologizing because she was wrong about it being in the bag because she left it on the delivery shelf!  So Allison, thanks for trying.
3	All of the times we've eaten are peak hours yet I've always gotten the order I wanted in a timely manner.   So far not found anything that sets it apart from any other deli of the time but it's consistent and good value for money
4	I was working in the area and craving a healthy salad for lunch. My usual love affair salad place was too far so my colleague and I decided to try Jason's Deli. He'd gone there for sandwiches many times and never tried the salad bar. For about $7.50 after tax you can get a pretty good selection of veggies, dressings, even a few pre-made pasta salad options. They also have crackers and mini muffins. The salad area seemed clean and well stocked. There were enough tables to sit, even during the lunch rush.
4	When getting lunch to go they aways have good food and a large portion, too large usually so I have to share. would like them to not charge for delivery since we are across the street and always tip the driver. we would go more often if there was better prices with less food for those of us who dont eat 1000 calories a meal
5	So your going to Scottsdale via Paradise Valley....or your coming from Scottsdale heading east....your stomach is growling but you don't want the usual...then look no further than Jason's Deli. I was in that situation on Friday night and decided to give this locale a try....and I must say I was not disappointed. I had the Smokey Jack Panini with Smoked turkey breast....guacamole....provolone cheese....lettuce...tomato....bacon on the side which I gave to my wife....LOL...since I don't eat red meat....and Russian dressing. However sandwich was made to order and pressed perfectly on the grill....and the flavor was outstanding. They give you a pickle and homemade potato chips on the side....and I also had some lemonade which comes from a fountain with free refills. I almost missed out on the free Ice Cream....but I seen people walking around with cones of Ice Cream and I had my wife ask was it free. Indeed it was and we both enjoyed a nice Ice Cream cone....mine was chocolate vanilla swirl...and you can also get it in a cup as well. The service was great and the whole place had a real nice neighborhood feel to it.....I look forward to returning here very soon. Eat, Drink, and be Merry my Friends!!!!
2	They will get your order wrong about 50% of the time.
4	I'd heard about Jason's Deli for a while, and never had a chance to try it.  I was in the vicinity though, and finally took the time to stop in for lunch.  It was right at high noon, and I never expected the number of people that were coming and going. That said, it was very efficient - everyone knew what they were doing, and they handled the crowd very smoothly.As this was my first time through, and not having looked at a menu before hand, I was overwhelmed by the number of choices.  I ordered a basic sub, found a seat, and waited for it to be brought to my table.  There wasn't a long wait, and despite the size and bustle of the place, the order was promptly brought to my table. The sandwich was great, reasonably priced, and filling.I was amazed at the number of people that they were able to serve, without it ever seeming to be as busy as it was. Next time, I will go when it is not quite as crowded, so I can study the menu, and try some other menu choices - especially their soup, gumbo, and red beans and rice.  And yes, there is soft ice cream, so that alone will keep me coming back.
4	I love this place... I wish i could make it there more often! Turkey club is my favorite :)
4	I like this place for dinner.  Seems most come to pick up take-out so in my experience it's not usually all that busy at dinner time.  Service is generally good, although sometimes they seem to have a problem keeping tables cleared.  Love their Nutsy Mixed-Up Salad w/ Chicken - yummmmo!  The only problem is I like it so much I almost never order anything else here.  And a full salad makes 2 meals for me.   Get a go-box and I'm ready for lunch the next day.They have a nice salad bar that is generally well-stocked and fresh if you are a salad bar lover.  Free soft serve ice cream is realllllly soft but such a nice cool treat to finish off your meal.5/14/14 - Returned after a long absence, hubby was disappointed last visit to learn that the Jersey Joe sandwich has been discontinued.  Anyway, we dropped in again this week for dinner and found a pleasant remodeled surprise.  This location has been redecorated, updated and modernized.  I like the new B&W local photography, very nice changes.  Menu seems pretty much the same and consistent.  I still like topping off my meal with a free soft-serve cone - no matter how full I am.  Yes, it's still really soft so eat fast or wear it.
4	The only place in town to get an authentic New Orleans Muffalata.  Yum! Although the red beans and rice are not as good as my grandma's.  I use Jason's deli for business catering too and they never disappoint.
4	Honestly, I am not a big fan of big bread type meals. I did find the pesto chicken panini a rather tastey item. I liked that it wasn't slathered in mayo and that the pesto is light and not too oily. The chicken is generally tender and the toasting doesn't turn the bread into a hockey puck. Overall, a nice place to nosh at once in a while.
5	J and I have gone to this location now twice in the last week (having usually gone to the Ray location).  Our birthing classes started last Thursday night and we decided to head to Jason's for dinner before class last week.  We decided to go back again yesterday evening before class. HUGE potatoes.  Big enough that we split it.  I get a 1 trip salad bowl and J got a half sandwich.  Word to the wise though on the potatoes.  Ask for the toppings, if you're getting a Plane Jane, on the side.  They load it up with butter, cheese, and sour cream.  We ordered all of our stuff on the side last night. Friendly and helpful staff.  Not sure if we'll be going back next Thursday or not before class again.  But I'm pretty sure that we will.  Oh and did I mention the free yogurt?!  Add a little granola and some dried fruit on top....YUM!!   :)
2	Okay after reading all the fantastic reviews I feel I must have had a bad experience, or maybe the "normal sandwiches" are waaaaay better than the wraps. Put in a delivery order for multiple people.  I have to admit the salad looked good but the 4 people who got wraps????!  Firstly when I took them ou of the bag I thought they messed up and gave us half instead of wholes. But no, it w just that they cut them in half and wrap them one on top of other. The fact that each half was a meat 1/4" thick did not help either. They were flat (like fold a tortilla into thirds flat) not round rolls filled with nummy filling. Even if 90% of the filling was veg I would have been happy but that one leaf of lettuce just did not have the oomph to hold the wrapper up.  So sad since they actually do deliver, guess I just have to go back to take away
1	If I could give this place zero stars, I would.  I've eaten Jason's for before and it's generally good.  I've even ordered food for delivery, despite the exhorbitant delivery charge and the fact that you have to order at least $20 worth of food to get it delivered.  Tonight though, I was craving something healthy and it occurred to me to order from Jason's again.  The website is kind of difficult to navigate and I found myself having to order things I didn't really want to meet the $20 minimum (a way, I think, to make money...if you want delivery, you're going to pay!).  My delivery got delayed because it took me more than fifteen minutes to figure out how to order my $20 with of food.. And was supposed to be delivered between 7:30 and 8:00PM.  At 7:24, I get a call from the store saying they're all booked up for the rest of the night so they can't take my order... Huh?  They're booked up... For delivery?  What?  Are they Houston's or some other snooty restaurant?  So, what?  If I'd have walked on to order at the counter, would they turn me away because they were "all booked up"?  Their excuse was that they only have one driver on Sunday's and their orders are backed up.  And that's my fault because why?  To me, that's horrible customer service.  It's unacceptable, especially when I was forced to order $20 worth of food and they charged me a five dollar delivery fee and then, I had to tip the delivery person.  In total, a simple meal of a sandwich and some soup was going to cost me thirty dollars.  Highway robbery if you ask me...  And poor service to boot.   Not a chance in hell I will ever order from here again...
5	I haven't been here for at least a year. We (my wife and I) were coming pretty regularly back then and it just starting going downhill. The music changed, the staff was just weird and the place was becoming progressively dirty. So adios, we were out of there.  About a week ago, we were in the neighborhood and decided to give it another try... and we were very pleasantly surprised. The place place was very clean, music was suitable for the environment and the staff was perky, informative and attentive. It is obvious this place had some major changes happen and all for the better. I highly recommend this location and hope they can maintain the changes and momentum, because there are not a lot of places I like to eat. Only criticism I could provide is the pasta salads seemed to have too much oil dressing. Keep up the good work, nice to see a place stepping it up for a change.
5	They are SUPER SUPER nice and friendly here!!! Oh my!! They are so attentive and efficient, so our meals were prepared super fast!!You guys are awesome at Jason's Deli, and we left satisfied and healthy after consuming our meals!!! :) Thanks a bunches!!
3	I like Jason's Deli.  I get the half sandwich/salad bar combo (I'm more of a soup person usually, but I have really not liked any of the soups I have tried here), which is nice because while I'm waiting for them to make my sandwich I can run through the salad bar.  It's usually pretty neat and presentable - and I like the little garlic toasts and variety of crackers and things at the end that are available to everyone, not just people who get the salad bar.  Only three stars because sometimes they forget an ingredient on whatever sandwich I order.
3	Solid deli.  Nice people, food is good not great.
5	I made my way from Old Towne to this location to get to-go and it was ready for me in under 10 minutes.  Nice!!  The food is nutritious and fresh so worth the extra time to pick it up.  Great customer service at every location I've tried so far.
5	I love this place. It is my favorite place to get salad bar. They have offerings that you won't find anywhere else, such as artichoke hearts and walnuts. The soft-serve ice cream is excellent, the soups are very good. I have not had a sandwich, but i am sure they are good. Service is friendly. If you ask for a 'one-pass' salad bar you will save a dollar!
4	Hubby's family is from New Orleans, so we're always on the prowl to find any place OUTSIDE of the Crescent City who can at least replicate some our fave NOLA foods. To that end, when we visited Hubby's aunt (born and raised in NOLA), she made it her mission to find a place in Scottdale/Phoenix that served something close to what they could get in the South. For some reason, she fixated on muffalettas, which Hubby LOVES...he ALWAYS stops at Central Market to get his fave there every time he visits the kin back in NOLA. But I digress...This lunch was all about the muffaletta (which, sadly, I don't like because I don't like olives and that necessary olive mix concoction that is a key component of any muffaletta). So, Hubby, aunt, and uncle all ordered the 1/2 muffaletta and cup of spicy seafood gumbo. Happily, they all declared it a success! Yay for them (to their credit, Jason's Deli has a ton of sandwich options, and I thoroughly enjoyed my turkey/ham croissant sandwich). The 1/2 muffaletta was HUGE (a lot was boxed up to eat later!), and was a bit different because they toasted the bread, but it was still delicious, and aunt liked that the olive mix wasn't as oily as it is in NOLA. Oh, and the gumbo got the thumbs up as well (even though Hubby's mom makes some kick-ass gumbos, so it couldn't quite match up, but was deemed very close).Sadly, there are no Jason's Delis here in Sacramento :( However, as our aunt/uncle had never been to Jason's prior to our visit, it seems like they have found themselves a new place to eat! :)
3	We're always ordering food from here for our lunch meetings and i believe Jason's does an nice, A-OK job.This review is for the catering side, since I've never set foot in the restaurant. We normally order two or three trays of food. They usually include two huge two pound bags of chips. Ruffles I believe. We also get a mixed twelve case of pop.  Their trays have a mixture of breads (rye, white and whole wheat) and meats (roast beef, turkey breast and ham).   Jason also throws in some napkins, condiments and kosher pickles. It's all good, with very little left over. So if you are planning an office meeting, I would consider Jason's Deli.
4	On a rare day off for both myself and my wife, we decided to try and find someplace we'd never been for lunch. Sandwiches are always a popular choice, but we have tried so many sandwich places, we weren't sure where to go. We didn't really even need to consult Yelp this time, as there are so many different eateries on every corner in Scottsdale, all we had to do was drive around until we found one that sparked our interests. On this day, it was Jason's Deli.When we walked in, we were surprised at how big this place was. I mean, the counter alone was about as long as one of the meat counters you'd find at a supermarket deli counter. Very impressive. Under the glass, you'll find all of the available meats and vegetables, as well as the wide array of fruits they offer.The menu is pretty typical of what you'd find at your typical deli. Different styles of sandwiches and wraps, offered with different meats and veggies, as well as fruits, salads, and drinks. But for us, what caught our eye was the "Local Favorites" section. If you're new to this place (like we were), and you're not one to stand in line forever and try to figure out what you want, this might be a great place for you start your search. If you don't see exactly what you want on this list, it will at least give you a nice jumping off point for something that sounds good to you.On this day, we saw the turkey wrap on the Local Favorites board. We both agreed that it sounded delicious, and we were definitely right. For both wraps, we paid $18. The wraps came with a refillable fountain drink, fresh fruit, and a delicious yogurt dip for said fruit.We wanted to sit on the patio, but being that it was completely shaded at mid day, there was no seating to be had. So, we ended up sitting at one of at least three dozen available seats inside. Sitting inside wasn't bad, though. There are several televisions in the background, and you're only a few steps away from the salad bar. Oh yeah...did I mention that they have a salad bar? Because they totally do.
1	Terrible.  They stuck a small toothpick sideways hidden in sandwich. Lucky I didn't choke. Their cheese is left out so when they put in a salad its hard. The old owner ran that place like clockwork. This place is run like a broken watch. If I could give no stars I would.
3	My friend recommended we stop here for our lunch date because she used to come a lot and really liked it.  The menu had lots of variety which was nice, only downside being it was hard to pick just one thing instead of all the ones that looked good.  I decided on the Club Royale because it sounded good and they had a sign up saying it was one of the top customer picks.  My friend went with the Santa Fe Chicken because she'd had it before and really liked it.  I asked if I could have fruit with the sandwich instead of chips and they told me I could but that it would be another $1.59.  That seemed kind of dumb seeing as several of the sandwiches gave the option of chips or fruit for the same price and really I don't see 4 strawberries and 5 pieces of cantaloupe costing $1.59 more than some Ruffles.The food came out pretty quickly which was good because I was hungry.  I really liked the toasted croissant that my sandwich came on, it added a nice texture and flavor.  There was a ton of meat too, they definitely don't skimp on that which is a good thing.  Overall I liked my sandwich but I wouldn't say it was anything to write home about.  My friend's sandwich however had some issues.  According to her the sandwich used to come with just a regular chicken breast cut in half and served on the bread.  This time it was kind of cut up in chunks and had a strange taste and texture.  The best thing we could come up with was that it tasted like canned chicken.  It had the texture of canned tuna, kind of chalky, really strange.  She couldn't make it through both halves and even asked one of the workers about it to see if that was normal.  He swore it wasn't canned chicken but I've never had chicken cooked any other way that tasted or felt the way this chicken did.I do like that you get free soft serve at the end of the meal, it was the perfect little refreshing treat on the way out.  I'll definitely try Jason's again, I just won't be ordering anything with chicken in it.
2	I have had a few good meals from Jason's Deli, but I decided to try the Chicken Chef Salad this time. It was so bland! There were only 4 very small slices of avocado, iceberg lettuce (wasn't expecting that), too much cheese, and poorly seasoned chicken. I have had better salads at Wendy's. I definitely won't be ordering this item again.
3	I found the staff at this Jason's Deli to be extremely friendly.  I loved the fact that they stopped by the table to check on my dining experience and to remind me that there is free ice cream for the taking at the end of my meal.  I don't recall the staff being this friendly at other locations I've visited.  Staff aside, it's your typical deli fare.  I don't find anything particularly amazing about the selection of soups and sandwiches.  Though the salad bar is nice, I'm not particularly fond of those.  I prefer minimal human interaction with the raw components of my meal.While this is an older location, they offer a patio (with strong misters) and ample parking.  It's not a bad place to stop for a quick bite to eat.
4	I attended a lunch event today that was catered by Jason's Deli. I was pleasantly surprised that they had a gluten-free lunch box for me. It had a turkey sandwich on gluten-free bread  and the bread was good! The chips and pickle were of course gluten free too. I'm pretty sure the craisin-oatmeal cookie was not gluten-free but it was good. (I'm sensitive to gluten but I don't have Celiac, and the lunch came with a warning that the deli's kitchen is not gluten-free and cross contamination is likely.)
4	Been coming to Jason's since they had a location across the street from PV Mall back in the early 90's. Their restaurants are always pretty decent and the food is tasty good. This location on Shea appears to have had a remodel since we were here last time and the inside looks really nice.The menu has changed a bit over the years and is smaller than I remember. They used to have a larger selection of stuffed potatoes and now only have a few. My favorite was a smokey BBQ Beef stuffed potato with tons of other goodies. I think you could even build your own at one time.The wife and I usually go with the famous New Orleans 9" FULL size Ham and Salami Muffaletta. It is hard to resist some additional Olive spread on the side and a little hot sauce to kick things up a notch. The sandwich is giant and we normally have a good portion to bring home for a snack later.There are plenty of other options that are also fresh and tasty. Cool all you can eat Salad Bar to indulge yourself. Yummy Soups, maybe a bowl of Chili, as well as Wraps and Pasta if you desire. They also have a nice Kid's menu with the typical favorites for the little ones.Friendly service and a casually comfortable eating area. Catering and Delivery also available. Don't forget to enjoy some FREE soft serve Ice Cream with a squirt of dark chocolate syrup before you leave. SCORE!
5	This is my favorite lunch place. I get the all you can eat salad bar and it's delicious.
5	Amazing Beef Stew and Reuben Sandwich! Love the remodel and the very profession service. Glad to be back Jason Deli!
4	Jason's Di is pretty good, their sandwiches are average. I haven't found one that I crave and have to keep coming back for. I do love that they have a nice fresh fruit bowl that actually has good fruit in it and isn't filled with cheap musk melon fillers and the best part is the dip it includes is amazing. I would come back here frequently just for the dip. I'm sure it's not healthy and takes away any benefits if the fruit but oh well. I also love that they have a frozen yogurt machine that you can help yourself to
4	This is a great little sandwich/soup/wrap shop!  They have lots of genuinely healthy options, a variety of vegetarian choices, really nice fruit, a nice salad bar, and yummy all-you-can-eat frozen yogurt.  It's definitely affordale, and the service tends to be really friendly and quick even when busy.
4	This is probably one of my favorite "fast food" places ... Lots of organic choices , I believe the salad bar is gluten free. Everything is fresh and pretty healthy if your looking for fast healthy lunch option. I've had a few wraps , all good. The soups are delish :) .. And love the salad bar !   I always get the Manager special 1/2 sandwich with fruit instead of chips and side salad (which is full access to salad bar) and I'm absolutely stuffed ! You can also go back to salad bar as much as you want . Then you get free soft serve yogurt for dessert ! And to top that off they will give u a to go cup for your soda if u want !!
3	3.5 Stars*We had Jason's Deli catered at a work luncheon and I was very impressed with the food. We had a fruit platter, a sandwich tray, and a salad. It was really good, so I decided to try Jason's Deli for lunch. I've been to the Shea location twice now. The first time, I ordered to-go at the counter. They were quick to take my order and had it out to me within 10-15 minutes. (I ordered the Zucchini Grillini - roasted zucchini, muenster, spinach, red onions, tomatoes, olives, red pepper hummus all toasted on whole grain bread. Super delicious! Sandwiches come with a side of chips, fresh fruit, or steamed veggies.) The second time, I called in an order for pick-up. (One chicken Caesar salad, one nutty mixed-up salad, and a Zucchini Grillini with a cup of soup.) They said it would be ready in 15 minutes, so I drove down to pick-up the meal. When I arrived, they weren't too busy but my order was not ready. I paid for my food and waited. And waited. And waited some more. Several other customers came in, ordered to go and left before my food was ready. After this happened twice, I asked one of the employees where my food was. It hadn't even been started! Finally, thirty (30!) minutes after paying they said my food should be ready shortly. I waited another 10 minutes before I finally received my food. Needless to say, I was very upset . Food was promised to be ready within 15 minutes of phone order, but wasn't actually ready until an hour later. They did give me some free cookies, and while that was nice, I really would have preferred to have my food ready when promised. (I can get very angry when I am hungry - the "hangry" phenomenon.)  Of the three employees I interacted with, only one of them apologized profusely (the employee actually making the sandwiches). That was appreciated as well.While the food is delicious, I'm torn on returning. From my experience, orders that are placed at the counter to-go are made quickly but phone orders somehow get lost in the shuffle. The location isn't close enough that I can go frequently, so having to wait any extra amount of time pushes the limits of my lunch hour. *Food is definitely 4 star, but service/wait time is 3 stars. If I go again, this may tip the scales. We'll see!
2	I wasn't not impressed as not only did they NOT have Braunschweiger, they didn't even know what it was.
4	Came here on a whim with the wifey, She has been plenty of times, however this was my first. Driving by I thought this was another Jimmy John's but it is actually a casual sit down deli with a wide variety of options. I had the ruben which  was very tasty, and satisfied my ruben craving without having to caugh up 15 bucks at Chompies. Wife got the salad bar which had a TON of options to satisfy ones healthy needs....plus little cornbread bites+++++ Free soft serve with every meal! I will be back for sure
4	Whoever Jason is... he's doing something right.I stop in here for lunch every now and then and always enjoy my meal. The variety available of soups/salads/sandwiches is sure to please any palate. The wait staff is always friendly and attentive. The atmosphere is casual and the place is consistently clean! I really enjoy the salad bar with its assortment of organics, veggies and dressings.  However, during the lunch rush it feels more like a pack of wolves on a 3 legged cat trying to push through the line. I'm a little ashamed to admit I've almost thrown elbows to go for the last little bit of bacon in the bottom of the bowl on occasion.Once you stuff yourself with greens you can help yourself to a FREE ice cream cone on the way out the door. Yes, FREE! The ice cream cone puts Jason's near the top of my lunch list!
5	Great salad bar with the option to self pay. They probably lose money with hungry salad bar patrons and the quality of items they have available. Cajun mix, hummus, fruit salad are some of the notable items.I always get the salad bar, but I also like getting the excellent southwest chicken chili. The club is great too!Never had anything I didn't love here.
5	Don't get me wrong I love me some Jason's Deli but I was hoping they got their act together since our last visit (dirty restrooms & dining area) to our surprise it is very clean/remodeled now! Yay! The salad bar is always awesome, fresh and a wide variety of veggies. Pro tip: use the self serve checkout thingy - soup and salad bar kiosk, skip the line of people getting sandwiches and such.  Don't forget your free soft serve cone on your way out!
4	I come here on a regular basis for the soup and to grab an ice cream cone on the way out. I have had the chicken chili, the regular chili, tortilla soup and the french onion soup. All of them are delicious! Seriously. The chili (both of them) are outstanding, the tortilla soup has a nice kick to it, and the french onion soup.. oh la la. Quick, cheap, delicious. Done!
5	Whoever managed on August 1st at night was awesome. Funny, friendly and made our night. Go here!!
5	My wife asked about the southwest chili being spicy. The man at the register offered to have her sample it. He also brought a sample of another soup that wasn't as spicy for her to try. Great customer experience. Great tasting food. Very clean. Friendly staff. We will be coming back.
1	Went to Jason's Deli to try out their salad bar yesterday. It was my first experience with their salad bar and I'm sorry to say it will be my last. I was very disappointed with their offerings. On their website they said they have added organic options but there were no signs saying what was organic so who knows if anything was. Their toppings weren't salad topping as much as they were veggies. Example: whole baby carrots are not what I would consider a salad topping unless I want to cut up the carrots myself. I will say I managed to put a little more than lettuce on my plate, so fine. I also tried one of the pasta salads - yuck. It had almost a sour flavor to it. And I tried some of the fruit salad - tasted chemically - they probably spray their fruit so it doesn't brown.Their "famous" mini muffins were also a major disappointment. The cornbread one was dry, the gingerbread one was just okay. Again, kinda fake tasting. And really, for the price I would expect some kind of meat offering - chicken or turkey would be nice.But the worst part came later that afternoon when I got a horrible stomach ache.  Never again.
4	Always a good sandwich and the muffaletta is best best outside the big easy.  The food is fresh and often local organic.  The service is friendly and the complimentary ice cream great.  Sadly the last couple times I have been there the tea was "off" so the iced tea icky.  Otherwise a good sandwich joint.
1	Bad management , Bad ownership. I will not recommend this place to anybody. They treat their employees like shit. I will never go back to this Jason's Deli.
4	I really love the salad bar here and my husband loves the complimentary muffins and ice cream with any purchase so it's a win-win for us.I have been to this location a few times and it has never steered us wrong. Its always clean (even the salad bar area), it never takes a long time to get food, the service is friendly, and the food is a-okay.  So, as mentioned, I love the salad bar here and 99% of the time always end up getting that option ($8) with an iced tea ($2) and my husband plays around with the sandwich options, this time he opted for the Reuben ($8.29) which comes with a bag of chips, but you can substitute potato salad and one other option for $1.29 (he went with the potato salad) and he got a fountain drink ($2). Our total was $23.81 which isn't bad for lunch, especially when you get all the complimentary goodies from the salad bar such as dill pickles, crackers, muffins, and of course the ice cream for dessert. My husband loved his sandwich and potato salad. He compared it to Chompie's, which is way bigger portioned, but its also way more expensive. The salad bar has a good amount of options and it's always clean! Every other salad bar I go to is a hot mess, but someone Jason's manages to keep theirs in tiptop shape. Leaf wise the offer mixed greens that are heavy in romaine, mixed greens heavy in spinach, and just pure spinach leaves. Great toppings including whole hard boiled eggs, bacon bites, cucumbers, onions, carrots, mushrooms, zucchini, tomatoes, different cheeses, and plenty of dressing options.  This is a solid place to grab a quick bite, nothing fancy or mind-blowing, but just good food. We will be back.
2	Normally, I really like Jason's Deli, but this one needs a little help. I went there for lunch for a standard salad bar and soup combo. The salad bar needed the work. The spinach was wilted and watery, the dressings needed to be replenished and it was very hard to reach everything since the salad bar was so wide (and no they didn't put 2 of each thing on each side) you had to go down both sides of the bar if you wanted to get the veggies. And the veggies weren't even fresh...
