5	I love this place so convenient for all your nutrition needs!  Right by the gym so I don't have to drive all over town!  And now their new smoothies are delicious!
3	Ordered two drinks; 2 Strawberry-Banana smoothie, but one with "Energizer". First drink was blended with the, "Energizer" and poured into the cup...now at this point, he "realized" there's a lot of left over...so what did he do?He then poured it in the second cup right before my eyes...3 things wrong with this:1. My energizer is now cut down. 2. The second cup now has energizer.3. The second cup was only 75% filled.
5	This place is like a The Vitamin World on steroids with a smoothie bar attached. I go for the alkaline water because they have 10.5 ph balanced water for $2 a gallon. The alkaline water helps keep my blood sugar levels lower because most diabetics (like myself) have an acidic body. Alkaline water & exercise is saving my life!
5	OMG my pomegranate strawberry smoothie w/fiber is so good!!! And at a good affordable price!!!
4	Just based on the smoothie bar. Now I know better just to ask for my pill if I wanted energizer and take it orally. I didn't know you could do that before until I saw someone before has done it. Monkey Rush is the only drink i order and the only drink that uses fruits (bananas). Also, would be nice if they fill it up to the rim, bc at times, they would toss 1/8 from the blender into the sink...if you're going to dump it, why not overflow my cup.
5	I have not tried out the smoothies but my eyes are set on the PB&J one I viciously stare at on the menu every visit. The staff is very knowledgeable and I walk out with BCAA's, creatine, powdered shakes, bars, vitamins, and even Waldens Farm without feeling ripped off! The Waldens Farm search has come to an end going from the famous pancake syrup all the way to items that you rarely find in regular stores!
1	This place is a joke. And not only this location. They use to be decent but after weeks of asking for Serious Mass, which most places carry they continue to tell me they would order some. They use to carry it regularly. Even told me twice they would set some aside for me. Neither time did it happen and one time the rep told me they forgot to order it. They have low variety, unless you want their brand of stuff.  They constantly try to push it on you. Never have the flavors you want and the staff seems to care less if you come back or not. Lets not talk about the time I asked for whey protein and the lady pointed me to the section with creatine. Want a better store that's considerably cheaper and offer a WIDE variety of products, go to Las Vegas Discount Nutrition. If they don't have a product they will order it for the next day. He'll even one of the guys ran to a nearby store to pick up what I need.Goodbye NR, you lost a regular customer.
