5	My client took me here for lunch. We had a combo plate for appetizer, it came with a cheese dip and an assortment of Italian favourites, much too big for two people but I am not complaining. The main was a seafood pasta one of the best. Flavourful sauce with large fresh seafood. The portion was dinner size, and I finished half, a complete credit to how good it was. Actually had to undo my pants button. The restaurant was packed with weekday lunch crowds, mostly office workers nearby. The staff handled the rush effortlessly. This restaurant is quite far from downtown but I dare say that the locals know what is best and by my personal experience and the fact that it is always packed, it is worth coming all this way....
3	This is a bit tough because it is a really nice restaurant with really friendly staff, my waiter was really funny and I think enjoyed his job.    The atmosphere is really open, very high ceilings and decor is minimal.  There is a big Cinema next to it so it is kinda like a thumb sticking out of the strip mall.  I ordered the calamari and a Cannelloni, the 2 dishes could not be further apart in taste.  Calamari was breaded and deep fried, they tasted amazing with lemon and were not chewy.   The amount was almost a full meal.  Yay to the cook!  Then, the cannelloni came, I was a bit taken aback.  4 tubes of cannelloni in a row sitting in a sauce with a long chive on top.  Ok, this is plain and odd.  The filling was spicy and delicious, a bit bland but the spice carried it but when I tried the sauce, it was like is came out  the chef boyardee kitchen.  Well, to be fair, I like the boyardee, this was still good but the taste was just not there.  The past was nice but chewy, not really al-dente.  All in all a confusing mix of taste.  This review may be a bit harsh but I think I will go and give them a 2nd try, I just need to be a bit smarter in my order.  I may be a while going  back as my travel to Montreal is almost over.  Keep it up, Divino, just give the recipes a bit more kick.
4	Amazing food with great flavor. Was in Montreal on business and our team ate here at least 5 times.
2	BackgroundI've been here before years ago and it felt like the quality went down.  I came here for lunch and I was hoping it would have good quality as when I was here for dinner once before.Food 2/5The ceasar salad was amazing.  It was a decent size appetizer that came with the lunch entree.  The bread and olive oil mix was great.  What brought the rating down was the veal entree.  It tasted bland.  It looked like they cooked the veal separately and then added the gravy as a topping.  The gravy taste was also tasteless.  It tasted like it was a dumbed down version of a beef stew.  If they cooked the meat in the stew, it would have tasted better.  I also ordered the Creme Brulee.  It was a little too liquidy.  The consistency wasn't wet but it did taste good.Service 5/5The host was friendly.  The waitress was very helpful and was pretty attentive.  She was cute too.Ambiance 4/5It's definitely a popular business lunch spot.  The place became full around noon and the conversations were bearable.
4	Tried this restaurant on a whim since we were going to see a movie next door.We we weren't sure what to expect but we were pleasantly surprised.Fresh warm bread was served with a delicious dipping oil infused with garlic oregano and a blend of other spices. Excellent start!!We then ordered some pizzas. Both were delicious. Quality ingredients were used as toppings. I ordered pizza topped with prosciutto and arugula, which I'm usually disappointed with at other places, but this one was fantastic! The prosciutto didn't get stringy or chewy.  It was lean and the right thickness.We didn't have dessert. The calamari and other entrees that we saw smelled and looked delicious! The service was prompt and courteous. I definitely recommend eating here. I'll definitely go back.
