4	I have visited this location 3 times and each visit I had a good experience.  I ordered a combo two every visit, seems to be the best value ($8.50).  You choose two items from a list of about 7 selections including burritos, hard or soft tacos, enchiladas, chimichangas, tamals, or tostadas and it is served with rice and beans.  Overall the quality may be one notch higher than your standard mexican restaurant that many of us have grown accustomed to in the south. You are also paying a little more for this great location.If there is anything that stands out to me about this place it has to be their shredded beef that you can get stuffed in just about anything on the menu.  It's delicious!I have not visited their other location so I cannot compare the two.
3	Went last night with hubby and son (11). Great food, lousy service. The meal started out well with salsa and corn salsa that was out of this world. Asked for more corn salsa 3 times before we received it. Seemed that the servers were rotating around, and lost track of where were were in the cycle. Took a long time to get our food though it was not a busy night. Ordered the pollo con crema and it was absolutely delicious. The fajita steak quesidilla was a bit salty, but good. Service was not personal at all, beautiful atmosphere. May return.
1	I haven't written a review on Yelp in awhile but after eating here tonight I had to share our awful experience.  This place is terrible.  I have to say that I am from LA and moved here a year and a half ago, so I am a bit spoiled as far as Mexican food goes, but this place is really bad even if you don't know what good Mexican food can taste like.  I do like Cantina 1500 so I am not being a total snob!The service was very, very slow, the drinks were tepid and boring, and the food - ugh.  My husband had a bean and carnita soup that was a greyish hue and was inedible.  He had mole enchiladas, and let's just say the mole sauce was not what it should be.  The chicken in the enchilada appeared to have come from a can - that shredded tuna - fish type chicken.  I had a snapper veracruz and I could smell the fishiness of the fish from the moment he set it down in front of me.  It tasted old. And gross.   I always take into account the cleanliness of the bathrooms when I eat out, because if they can't keep the bathrooms clean you usually don't want to see what the kitchens look like.  I went into a bathroom stall and there was no paper dispenser on the wall.  Instead, there was a big, sopping wet roll of industrial toilet paper (with STAINS on it) sitting on the back of the toilet.  Ew.
4	A recent purchase on the Restaurant.com website brought us here, and I was pleasantly surprised.-Chips and Salsa.  You get regular salsa, as well as a pico de gallo-type corn salsa.  Delicious, and with free refills.-Appetizer.  We got the cheese dip.  This was very good, even though I suspect it was from a jar.  Still, it's pretty hard to mess up cheese dip.-Bevs.  It being Sunday, margaritas were $3.  They were fine.  For $3.  a bit weak, but again, $3.  I noticed that some very good drink specials were featured on other days of the week, including a $2 pint night on Fridays.-Entrees.  I had the "Fajita Salad,"  for $10 with carne asada.  The steak was a little bland, but the rest of the salad really made up for it.  The taco shell was still warm, and the salad didn't have an overly large amount of the shredded iceberg so common to taco salads.  There was a generous amount of cheese, sour cream, and the "good" type of jalapeno (not too spicy, kelly green).My boyfriend ordered the "pick three" combo for $9.25.  It came with three items of your choice (enchilada, taco, etc) as well as rice and beans.Service.  Our waitress was very attentive and prompt.All in all, this place is worth a visit.  On a side note, they feature probably more than 80 tequilas.
3	When my roommate and I walked into 1900 Mexican, I remember being taken aback by the chic design (especially the chandeliers, OMG I covet the chandeliers) and thinking that I hoped the food and the service were as excellent as the decor because if they were then this was going to be a 5 star experience.If wishes were fishes we'd all eat well. As it was, we ate passably.Like many mexican restaurants they started us off with chips and salsa, which came in two forms, standard red and corn. I hoped the latter would wow me, but it was pretty bland. But, hey, it was free.The drinks, on the other hand, were most certainly not at $9 a piece. I know better than to order anything containing the ingredient "margarita mix" but i let the spirit get the best of me and ended up with a overly sweet cherry drink that may once have made the brief acquaintance of some tequila.For our entrees, I ordered the Enchiladas Verde and he got the Fajitas de Casa. To their credit, both were so generously portioned that we ended up unable to finish. The chicken in the enchiladas was tasty, but the sauce was bland, especially when I spread the allotment of sour cream over them before realizing it was far too much (and I rarely admit such a situation exists). He enjoyed the mix of proteins in the fajitas but I tried one of the shrimp and found it unpleasant, so the seasoning is for some but not all palettes. Overall, the food wasn't bad, but it was also unremarkable.The service did meet the standard I had originally expected, with both servers that came to our table being prompt and friendly.I really did want to be able to write a glowing review of 1900 Mexican, but as it turned out, I won't claim to never be returning, but next time I plan on dropping decent money on Mexican, I am likely to try somewhere else.
4	First trip to 1900 Mexican Grill - loved it.  Service was very attentive, food was great, and the Obama Margarita was super.  Started off with tableside guacamole; we got the smaller size ($7) and it was plenty for two.  Burrito combination plate was very good, and the carnitas were excellent.  Very large chunks of pork compared to other places, and the meat was super tender.  Some of the better corn tortillas I've had also - they were thinner and didn't taste dough-ey.  Not sure if that is a word...you know what I mean.  They have over 50 different kinds of tequila, and offer flights so you can taste three different kinds if you like.  Flights are $16.  Great atmosphere, friendly, and very clean.  I would definitely go back.
4	Definitely a fan of this place. They really know how to wine and dine you here.1. There's a lovely hostess greeting you at the front (top 1 girl I've seen in CLT thus far)2. The wait staff is friendly, fast, and graceful3. Their bar is ideal if you want a quiet environment to watch a football game.4. Their food is pretty phenomenal as well.5. Enchiladas de Mole are top chart.Didn't really pay attention to anything else as I was trying to make sure my gf didn't catch me sneaking that peek kiddddd.LBD scale: 8.5. Definitely a really good Mexican place that everybody should try.
4	1900 Mexican Grill offers great traditional Mexican foods.  The location on Elizabeth Ave managed (thankfully!) to survive the year-plus-long trolley rail road construction (for the non-existent trolley!).  The dining room area is beautiful, with high ceilings, nicely themed decor, and great lighting.  It feels like a higher-class Mexican restaurant, but still with very reasonable regular-restaurant pricing.  We went early on a Friday night and were immediately seated (without a reservation).  The later it got, the more the dining room filled up, so we were glad we went earlier with our party of six.  The free chips and salsa served seem fresher and more homemade than some Mexican restaurants.  You're given a sampler of regular salsa, hot salsa, and corn salsa.   In the past, I've ordered the enchiladas, a giant-sized smothered burrito, or one of dishes with mole sauce.  I opted for something different this time around:  Tacos de Carne Asada.  It was three doubled moist corn tortillas with carne asada with rice and homemade hot sauce on the side.  They're supposed to resemble Mexican street cart style tacos.  I think it's one of my new favorites.  I'm not a big fan of corn tortillas (I prefer flour), but the flavor of the meat offset my aversion to the corn tortillas, and the double layering of the tortillas helped hold together corn tortillas that normally fall apart.  The hot sauce was very flavorful, chunky, and OH-SO-HOT.  Don't get me wrong, I love spicy foods, but this even pushed my limits.  That's when I ordered some water on the side of my Diet Coke.  Yum, though!   I normally don't care for the semi-bland Mexican rice (unless I dump the leftover salsa on it), but the mildness of the rice helped cool down the tacos in this case!  If not for gorging myself with the chips, this would have been the perfect-sized entree to fill me up, but not make me feel too full (mostly because there were no beans,  cheese, or other heavy foods).  Our server was right on top of things, too, so we had a fantastic experience.  p.s. They have a huge tequila menu, too, for you tequila connoisseurs!
5	In my opinion, in the top 5 best Mexican food in Charlotte, I really, really enjoyed this place. Service was good, food was awesome. Music was a little strange.
1	Easily some of the worst food I've had in this town.After dipping into the free salsa (read - v8 with some cilantro floaters) I asked for something spicier - and was brought huy fong cock sauce. I'm sitting there, staring at it, saying to myself, there's no way they're trying to pass this Pho condiment off as a housemade spicy salsa, but there it was, and that was the gist.Aiight. Perhaps a beer will shroud my anger in a warm blankie of malt and hops and we can move along. Except they don't have most of the list - so I end up with a Dos Equis Lager, aka Mexican Bud. Sigh.Fajitas were sub par and eerily sweet. Guac was olive-fading-to-bark brown, and dispensed very stingily. What did I attempt to eat? Their tortafication of a veggie burger, which despite muchos toppings, was mushy boredom. Served on waaaay too much Teleras bread. And unripe avocado, which, when put on a sammich, likes to make a run for it and squish out onto your lap/plate/shoe.Our server was good. Poor girl. Find ye another fake-Mex place to practice your arts in cuz this one ain't gonna be here much longer.
3	Lunch on a cold rainy day....For starters we had the cheese dip which was delicious, but  how can you really mess up cheese and chips.  A little guacamole, some salsa verde(by request only).  My girl had the salsa verde enchiladas, which she loved and i tried the homemade black bean burger. Which was served on a  soft hot huge bun, topped with this black bean spread, guacamole mayo.   Surprisingly good.   We usually eat Loco Lime, but thought we would try something different.  Yes i recommend this place ...Oh yeah, the Margaritas are Incredible!-aNDy
2	I was really hoping to like 1900 Mexican Grill based on the great things Ive heard about it.Went in Saturday evening after finding out that Cantina had a two hour wait : ( . Started with the Sangria which was a little to sweet for me. I wouldnt have believe there was red wine in it- and despite its large size and my empty stomach id say they were on the weak side. We first asked for Guacamole and our server asked us if we would like it table-side and if we wanted one avocado or two. We gave him our answer but we were never given our Guacamole. When our meals came out I assumed he must have forgotten so I asked for it again and he came back and asked the same questions as he did previously, almost acting like we had never originally asked for it...no apology either. I will say once we did receive it I really enjoyed it. My enchiladas were nothing special - it was quite a sad dish really. Nothing tasted fresh nothing was exciting about the dish.I am not sure that id go back. I love Cantina and La Paz and this restaurant cannot compete in my opinion.
3	Nothing special here other than the location. We were headed to a show at the Visualite up the street. This is your same old Mexican food joint with a large tall open dining room. I had the steak tacos and my friend had the enchiladas - both tasted good, not great, we left a little on our plate. We did have the 1/2 price pitchers of sangria - again, good, not great. I was just as ready to leave as I was to arrive. Will I go back...only if I am around the area with no other options - too many other places to try!
3	My boyfriend and I were driving around last night and trying to decide where to eat when we came upon 1900 Mexican Grill. We were a bit leary as we'd not heard much about this place and felt like we would have if it was any good. Since I had a Citipass coupon, and we were both getting crabby because we were hungry, we decided to check it out.The atmosphere is a bit generic but there were a ton of tables inside; it is much bigger than you'd expect. There was a bar in the back and quite a few of the tables were taken, but we were led promptly to a booth. Chips and salsa immediately arrived and they were pretty good. I decided to start with the orange pineapple crush, which was delicious but a bit pricey at $9. I saw a happy hour menu with prices listed that were the same as the regular menu, but they did have drink specials ($2.50 bottles of Mexican beer on Thursday nights). Our server, Karen C, was quite attentive (without being annoying) and even helped me choose my beverage. We got the guacamole made tableside ($9) and it was actually very good; I'd give it 4 out of 5 stars for how fresh it tasted. My boyfriend got the Enchiladas Verdes ($13), which came with only rice, so he had to order a side of refried beans (which ended up being enough refried beans for about four people). Being quite the enchilada aficianado, he said he enjoyed these. I ordered the fajita quesadilla, which was very good as well, but huge. I ended up eating a1/3 of it and plan to eat the rest for lunch AND dinner today...three meals for $10 is a great deal in my book.  Ultimately, if you just have to have some Mexican and Cantina 1511 is on a two hour wait (as they are frequently on weekends), this is a solid back-up choice. Plenty of parking available in the lots behind and across the street.
1	1900 Mexican Grill has mediocre food at gourmet food prices. The only great thing about this place is the location!
4	Yummy good Tex Mex.  The lime salad dressing is delightful.
4	I love this place. The food and service has always been outstanding. I've been coming here for 2 years now. The table-side guacamole is the best! I think if you order the same simple stuff you can get anywhere (chimichangas, burritos...), there is not much difference. But if you order something a little different, like carne asada tacos, you will be pleasantly surprised.I'm not much of a drinker, so I can't comment on the mixed drinks but they have Modelo on tap!
4	Go here if only for the margaritas, no where else in town comes close. The Margarita de la Casa is AMAZING. They also have a great mole sauce, if that's your thing (it's mine, but I know you either love mole or hate it).
2	Not a fan.  Couple reasons why, one the food is mediocre at best.  It's certainly no better than your run of the mill Azteca, Monterrey, etc.  Keeping that in mind, my second reason for not being a fan is that I find that the dishes here are priced a little on the high side for a standard Mexican restaurant.I like the decor of this location a little better than the Park Road location but that didn't make up for the lack luster food and the barely acceptable service provided.If I'm looking for a quick Mexi-fix, Loco Lime or Azteca is still my go to choice!
3	Well, what can I say. I love Mexican food and this is pretty good. A group of us had just left a meeting and needed a place to unwind. It was a quiet Tuesday evening and the weather was perfect for sitting outside. The view of Uptown was perfect. We chose our Kryptonite and it was a pitcher of Margaritas on special. We were like Superman and folded after the first one. It was delicious! A few of us ordered meals and the food was good. All of us being Latino and growing up with Mom & Grandma's cooking makes us a little tough to please but this certainly passed. I would definitely go back for more. This may become our new hangout after our meetings. :)The wait staff was fabulous. They were so helpful in pulling a bunch of tables together for us quickly without disturbing the other diners and were quick to bring out the chips and salsa as soon as we were seated. They got all of our orders right and we were more than happy with their suggestions. BRAVO!
4	We love 1900!  We eat at both the Park Rd and Elizabeth locations.  First, they always have a great beer special, but the Dos Equis Amber on draft is always a treat.  It's hard to beat that on a summer night.I always order the Tacos Fundidos with steak.  Others in our group order a smattering, and the food is always good.This is not the "most authentic" mexican food in the world, but it certainly is pretty great.  However, I will concede that the margaritas here are marginal at best.  But as a beer drinker, that doesn't bother me.The place is very kid accomodating, as we will often bring the young kids with us.  All in all, we thoroughly enjoy our experiences here.
4	This is a nice little addition to Elizabeth. The food was good and decently priced. I had a 3way combo and there was plenty on the plate for 10 bucks. The location, and the view was very inviting. If you sit on the patio you can feel like you're really part of the neighborhood. I will be going back soon.
4	I like this place! The staff is nice, the facility is clean and the food is authentic. It is not just gloopy 'mexican' food on the plate, there is presentation and some good composition dishes, not just taco, burrito, enchilada combinations. The restrooms are spotless and the bartender is knowledgeable. The only reason they get 4 stars instead of 5 is because I have not eaten enough dishes (i'm hooked on the chimichangas) to give the 5th star. Now they serve aguas frescas & have daily drink specials. Would recommend you to try them out!
3	I went here several times when I lived in Charlotte, and it's legit.Likes:  Never crowded, even though it's street parking it's convenient, large portions for a reasonable price.  I've gotten the carne asada dinner several times, and it's pretty awesome.  Huge portion, tasty, and I always got at least one more meal out of it by throwing the leftovers into a tortilla at home.  They also give you more than one type of salsa with your chips, I love that for a change.  I'm a fan of the outdoor seating.Dislikes:  Definitely tastes like "Americanized" Mexican food, though they still do a good job at that.  I went on a Sunday night once and got the margaritas on special, but the marg mix was fluorescent in color and pretty terrible (I cant judge the normal margaritas, since I never wanted to try them again).  Take it or leave it:  Take it.  I like this place.  It's a little Americanized, but so are most places in Charlotte.
3	I don't come often, not because there is any thing I have against this place, there just is not much in the way of vegans eats. Their veggie fajitas are rather good. My omnivore friends have all seemed to enjoy their food as well.By far the best two things about this place are; the awesome selection of tequila and it's proximity to The Visulite. I like to come here and try new tequila before shows at The Visualite.
2	I never like to write a bad review....but if I experience bad service for the money that I have spent with you, then you're gonna get it.Only 4-6 people were actually inside dining- I stood at the bar for nearly 5 minutes to pick up food before receiving the first 'hello.'Food wasn't that bad, actually even better the next day as left-oversBut for the $$$ spent, I'll stick with my other favorites...will give it another shot someday when its nice outside and I can take advantage of their outdoor seating.
3	On the one hand, 1900 is a pretty cool space. In fact, it is almost too much space. It's freaking huge, a fact that is especially noticeable when there is no one else inside. Not having been there before, I really had no idea if this was regular or not, but it felt more than a little creepy.The good news is that service was solid - something that some other places can have a problem with when the restaurant is nearly empty. Definitely not an issue here though.Tableside guacamole was definitely a nice surprise - seems like more and more folks are doing it, and it makes for a fresh treat. But after that, the rest of the food was nothing memorable. There are better places around town for a run to the border.
4	TEQUILA TUESDAY. All pitchers are half price and if you aren't sharing drinks a margarita is $3 or $4. I split the house margarita pitcher for only $14! I loved the table salsa it had a slight kick and was very fresh. I do have the agree the spinach in the spinach Queso was less than fresh- but not so off putting that we didn't finish the dish or maybe i was just hungry. I ordered the Carnitas. The meat was juicy, grilled perfection. The sides are typical- just a tiny scoop of guacamole was offered. Overall- everything is pretty solid here- medium priced- nothing ridiculous like Vida in the EpiCentre but not Central Ave cheap either. However, $14 margarita pitcher earns this place an extra star- but I guess just on Tuesdays!
4	I've been here 3 times using CitiPass book coupons that's I've hoarded. But trust me, when they run out, I'm still coming back! My boyfriend and I are big Mexican food fans (thought not picky about authenticity per say) and we are VERY pleased with 1900!The chips and salsa are my favorite in town! The salsa isn't chunky, which I actually prefer and it's just the right about of heat. My bf doesn't approve of the salsa, but definitely agrees the chips are legit.I'm also in love with the refried beans here. I could just eat a plateful of these and be happy! 1900 has a decent selection of vegetarian options, but they could definitely add more to get more stars from from me. Even so, they are great about adapting their other menu options to become veggie-friendly... like substituting beans or grilled veggies instead of chicken or beef.My favorite part of menu is the CREATE A COMBO on the back. I usually avoid these sections at most Mexican restaurants, but 1900 is a little swankier so I gave it a go....I was not disappointed!!  You can choose between burritos, chimichangas, enchiladas, hard tacos, soft taco, tamals, or tostadas.  One item is $7.50, two items are $8.50 and three items are $9.50. Since all of these come with a heaping pile of rice and beans... this is an excellent deal!  My favorite by far is the CHIMICHANGA! Holy moly these things are amazing! Especially since they let me substitute the meat for those glorious refried beans.My boyfriend loves the soft tacos here. He's so happy that they come with 2 tortillas to make them extra durable and hearty. He tried the chicken, beef, and pork until he settled on the pork being his favorite and that's all he orders now.On a final note, I really enjoy the atmosphere at 1900. It's not your typical kitschy Mexican decor, but has enough flare with aztec art and prayer candles that it's got a definite style. The restaurant is neutral enough so that you can dress super casual in yoga pants and a tee or dress up classy with a cocktail dress and heels.
5	I absolutely love 1900.  As a frequent flyer of all cheap Mexican restaurants I was a little hesitant at the $9.00 margaritas.  However considering the couple of entrees that I have had, the chips and salsa, and their rather large (and intimidating) tequila list....it is definitely worth it. We've been a couple of times and I've had the taco salads, enchiladas, and chimichangas.  Holy chimichanga.  It was incredible. They put some kind of homemade cheese sauce on it that I would probably bathe in given the chance.  Also, if he is in ask to sit in Oscar's section.  He knows everything there is to know about their drink menu, including the best and the interesting.  We met him one night when we came in on a Tuesday at 9ish (they close at 10).  While we broke the cardinal rule of week night dining Oscar did not make us feel rushed at all. He told us to take our time and chatted it up with us until we were finished.  He even gave us the secrets to getting a good table there for Cinco de Mayo...which I will not be sharing.I definitely recommend this place and plan on going back regularly.  The food amazing, drinks delish, and chips and salsa some of the best I've had.
4	The low carb margarita is so awesome. It's unfortunate that it's $10, but it's worth it. The customer service is very good. Guacamole ($5.50) and queso with chorizo ($6.50) are good, not the best but worth it.
3	I've only been to 1900 a couple times but was pleased each visit! They don't seem to be too terribly busy during lunch but the restaurant is very spacious. Our service was impeccable and the food was pretty tasty. I didn't notice anything too spectacular about this Mexican restaurant but I don't have any complaints either. The location is very close to uptown and I imagine stopping in for lunch would be quick.
2	Met a couple of friends for dinner prior to the Todd Snider/Kevin Gordon show at the Visulite Theatre.  Apparently our friends had quick service from the minute they arrived, but once we arrived, it took forever in between visits.  We realized next time we ordered a drink, we should order two at the same time.  Horrible.  And we ended up being late for the show.  The food was okay.  I much prefer Don Pedro or Azteca, though, especially for the price and service.  Oh, and watch out ordering the Low-Carb Margarita.  The prices aren't listed on the menu and we were stunned when we got the bill and they were $10 each (served in a lo-ball glass!)  Luckily I only had one to try as my friend was enjoying her 3rd, only to wish she hadn't either.  She wasn't feeling any effects, so they made them pretty weak, too.  On top of that, we thought we were getting a great deal with $3 drafts, but they were short-poured and served in very thick glasses.  Deceiving.  Ahh well.  Live and learn.  The show was great, though and the drinks at the Visulite more than made up for this unfortunate experience.
4	I'm a fan of 1900.  The place is clean and pretty swanky for a cheap Mexican restaurant.  They have good drinks and I would hope so since they claim to be a Tequila Bar.  The margaritas I've had were good, albeit expensive.  We were there last Saturday night and they had $10 AYCD sangria.  I was so pumped when she said that.  It was Saturday too, get outta here!!  I walked out with a nice little buzz, so I'm happy to report that the sangria wasn't all mixer.The chips and salsa are some of the best I've had in Charlotte.  They have quite a kick, so I think they might add jalapenos...a good thing.  I've had better queso, but I still swiped every last bite of cheese out of the bowl.  As for the meal, I split a 3 entree combo with my girlfriend.  It was $9.50 for a burrito, chimichanga, and a tamal.  The chimichangas here are great, crispy and topped with queso.  Burrito and tamal had good consistency, but lacked spice.  It's ok though, I threw on some Cholula and it was perfect.  We were stuffed for spending only $14 on food between 2 people.  I'm sure all those sangria refills helped as well!
4	Great food and very good atmosphere! Mexican wrestling movies and luchador masks on the walls! One of my fave restaurants in Charlotte.
4	First off, I'm a lover of all Mexican food!  I could literally eat it everyday.  I could also eat chips and salsa everyday, unfortunately for my backside lol.  I like this place- it's a bit more "fancy" for a cheaper Mexican spot.  It's a cute date spot.  Cozy booths so you can talk to your dinnermate in peace.  We had table side guacamole.  It was great!!!  We asked for it extra spicy, and she even brought us an extra huge side of slice jalepenos to get it to the heat we were wanting.The ambiance here is great.  If you want big portions- stick to my spot Three Amigos on Central.  I got the mixed grill fajitas.  The shrimp were tiny compared to Three Amigos and the portion in general of fajitas was half the size.Ulimited chips and salsa were delish!  I'd go back, but may try something besides the fajitas.
3	Food was your a little above average, my wife and I enjoyed our dinner.  The location is very cool, great for a quick meal before heading downtown.  The setting is great!  Very roomy and cozy!  I am not sure what is up with the Mexican wrestling masks on the wall.  LoL, the place is big enough to put a ring in the center and have some authentic Mexican WWF wrestling!!!!  Booya, bring it!
3	Full Disclosure: I am rating this place without trying any of their drinks.  The drink menu looked great, we did not get anything.The highlight of our meal was the queso dip.  I liked this queso as much as any I have had in Charlotte. I almost licked the bottom of the plate clean.  For dinner the burrito was good, not great, as it was 90% rice.Another plus was the servers, though.  Very friendly and on top of everything.I would return here, but not sure if I would go out of my way to do so.
4	I met a friend for lunch at 11:30. The time was perfect as we were seated immediately and by 12:15ish the place more crowded. We enjoyed the chips and salsa, and requested the mild and it was brought promptly. My friend ordered the Arroz con Pollo and I ordered the burrito and taco combo. Both were delicious. Not a five b/c the service got a little slower once they got busier and the noise was overbearing at times. I will be back to this location, as it is nicer than the original Park Road location.
4	Having visited a few times, we've found the food to be consistently good, consisting of decidedly fresh ingredients served in big portions. On each visit, the waitstaff has been attentive and quick to fill water and tea glasses, as well as offering the next beer or margarita. Speaking of drinks, I had the best big ginger (whiskey, ginger ale) I've had in Charlotte, despite it being a decidedly odd drink order for a Mexican cantina. I should say, we find the ambiance to be a large part of the charm. When you look up, you'll notice high ceilings and a wall of elaborate, colorful Mexican wrestler masks. The theme is continued on the small LCD television screens that adorn some booth walls, where a crazy, strange zombie/vampire/dwarf/Mexican wrestler movie shows on a loop. We found the latter immensely entertaining, but can't say with certainty that they show anything other than the movie on these TVs. Sports fans, you may want to call ahead if you're wanting to catch the big game.
4	Loved this place. Food was delicious, although the menu selection was sorta slim. The combo meals are good though because you'll always find something you can eat. Delicious margaritas were on special for Cinco de Mayo, wait staff was very friendly and the free birthday dessert was a treat as well. Would definitely go back!
3	I stopped in for lunch a little after noon, so the place still wasn't too crowed yet. The staff was wonderful, chips and salsa arrived the moment I sat down. The chips were okay, but I wasn't a big fan of the salsa. After a quick review of the menu, I was very impressed with the selection of lunch combos! You can pretty much mix and match whatever you want. Tacos, enchiladas, chimichangas and more...and it's all for a very reasonable prices. I went with Amy C's suggestion and got the chimichangas. One beef and one chicken, the combo comes with rice and beans. My food arrived quickly. The chimichangas are pretty small but I did love how they were coated in the cheese sauce. First thing I notice is that they didn't skimp on the filling, both of my chimichangas were packed with well flavored meat. Overall, it was very tasty. The rice and beans (covered in cheese) were just a little blah, but overall it still makes for a good meal. Next trip...I will be having some table side guacamole because it looked delicious and of course I have to try the cheese dip!
4	If you like carnitas or carne asada, I would check this place out.I've been here a couple of times now and I just love this place.  Their chips and salsa are pretty great, but their guacamole is amazing.  We haven't done the table-side yet (even the small appetizer you can get made at the table looks too big for 2 people to eat), but the small side order is the perfect size.  The first time I came, I had a combo plate with a chimichanga and a tamal.  The tamal was just all right, but it did have a fair amount of filling compared to some of the others.  The chimichanga, however, was fabulous.  I loved the flavors in the filling and it was the perfect size.  My partner ordered the carnitas, which were perfectly moist and flavorful.  Last time we came, I ordered the carnitas tacos, which came with their own smoky sauce, which added some great flavor to the tacos.  My partner ordered the carne asada, which he declared to be the best he'd ever had.  I loved the spices on it as well.  Like many Mexican restaurants here, they have a large selection of tequilas for tequila tastings or for your margaritas. The dining room is fairly sizable and they have a few tables available out on the patio.  I have never been here when it is completely full, but I can only imagine how loud that is.  It was a little over half full on our last trip, and I could barely converse across the table.  We also had a table right in front of the bar, which added even more noise.  I swear they have one of the loudest blenders I have ever heard in my life.  The acoustics in this place are quite lacking.Service has been pretty good both times and the prices are pretty reasonable.  They have good food for a good price, but beware of the noise level if you go at a busy time or get seated near the bar.
4	Great experience, walked in close to last call for the kitchen.  There was no eye-rollling and staff was very accommodating, did not rush us one bit.  The guacamole is made in front of you, a staple for any Mexican restaurant that wants to be a player in the game!  Also, the pancho villa candle is a nice touch, a slight minus was the waiter could not tell me who Pancho villa was. All good. #IGoogledItI ordered the mole shredded chicken plate and subbed the rice for more vegetables, no problem. #PaleoNice place, will go back.
3	Decent Mexican place in a great location along the future streetcar line. Food was adequate, margaritas better than average. There are better places in Charlotte for Mexican, though.
4	I have recently moved much closer to 1900 and find myself here about once a week. I have really enjoying it lately. Their veggie burrito is superior to the local competition, the fact that they use lard-free re-fried beans is awesome! The complimentary salsa is okay, but has a hint of canned tomato to it that prevents it from being great.They have a very nice selection of mixed drinks that are very tasty. On of my extremely picky friends tried their jalapeno margarita on my suggestion and was ecstatic about it.The place has a nice wide open dining area with plenty of seating and nice cultural decoration. Good for everything from a family dinner, to a business meeting, to a date. The bar is kinda of small compared to the dinning area, but I have always been able to get a seat there. I'm really glad I started trying this place out more often.
2	Warning - don't come on a busy weekday if you are in a hurry.  We came in right at noon and were seated immediately.  The server brought our drinks, chips and salsa pretty quickly.  Good start.  However, after we placed our orders, we waited and waited and waited... 40 minutes later, and still no entrees in sight! Jeez, this is standard Tex-Mex fare, not a 7 course gourmet meal people! So, when we finally got our food, we had less than 15 minutes to scarf down our food, pay our bill and get back to our meeting down the street.  Not exactly an enjoyable lunch - we had to gobble our food down so quickly, I can't remember if I even enjoyed it.
4	A neighbor recommended this place.  No difficulty being seated, and our drink orders were taken immediately.  Chips and salsa arrived.  The salsa had a canned taste; however, our server brought a corn salsa and guacamole spontaneously.  I got the chimichangas stuffed with cheese.  They came with rice, beans, lettuce, sour cream and guacamole. Quite good.  My husband ordered the vegetable fajitas with corn tortillas.  He seemed surprised when a plate of rice, beans, lettuce, guacamole and salsa arrived with his grilled vegetables.  He did not use the corn tortillas and appeared to prefer eating his rice and bean plate, along with the vegetables.  My husband stated that the vegetables had no seasoning, but, to be fair, he did not consume them in the way intended.  I did try the vegetables, and they needed salt and pepper when consumed without the other items.  Salt and pepper not on the table, which seems to be a trend with restaurants these days.My husband had a touch of the grouch that night, so my review is primarily based on my experience.  I will return when he is having a night out with the guys!
5	Have been there several times and never have been disappointed. The food is very good. Simple, good Mexican food! Very clean restaurant located in a great spot. Tons of parking out back (if you don't get a street spot), beer and drinks are VERY good. This is NOT a "dive" Mexican restaurant that you see in every other plaza. This is a great place. Went for my birthday with 7-8 other people and it was great! Rarely crowded and the bartenders are very friendly and professional! Also it is located in an awesome part of town on Elizabeth!
3	Fun atmosphere here for sure. Lots of tequila choices and some good beers as well. Chips and salsa were ok and I loved the tacos fundidos with steak. The fresh guac was excellent. They didn't come around too often on the rounds of drinks as we would have had another brew or three had they been sighted near our table. The cast of Banshee was hanging here and seemed to be regulars.
4	I came here with friends and the food was really good. I ordered the fajitas and the meat was seasoned very well. The salsa was also pretty good and they increased the heat upon request. One thing that I would love to see improve...the hostess. Such a sad looking young lady with zero enthusiasm. You don't want to arrive to a place where you feel as if you're unwelcome .Otherwise, the food and portions were spot on!
4	Attentive and very friendly service. Best combo fajitas I have had in years. Nice decor and atmosphere. We will be back. Best Mexican food in the area. Great location with plenty of free parking in back too.
4	I have been coming here for years, and I have gotten the same thing every time....great service and great food. Try the burger, and have someone to share it with.
4	Its been a while yelp!  Back from my trip in Charlotte and this place deserves my first review.I was fortunate enough to catch a few of the World Cup 2014 games here.  Great vibe, food, and drinks all around.  I was seated at the bar with a couple of my buddies and the bartender took care of us with quickness and efficiency.  Making sure our food orders came out on time, and that we always had chips and salsa.  I am from the Bay Area, so I have pretty high standard of what Mexican food should taste like, aside from having real Mexican food in Mexico.Drinks were decently price, not too expensive.  I tried my first "flight of tequila" and with it he made his own special sangria mix as a chaser.  I thought that was pretty cool.  Didn't catch his name, but my friends and I thought he was a cool dude.Non-locals try the Hop Drop n Roll IPA if they have it.
3	New menu alert: went here Sunday and was heartbroken to see that my favorite item was no longer on the list. Moment of silence please. Tacos fundidos are my go-to here. Grilled chicken and cheese dip. Come on... yum!  The waitress saw my sad face and asked the manager if I could still order it. He said yes. Hooray!Starters wise- The cheese dip is a good sized portion. So is the guac... and it's made is made table side. To put it in perspective for you: with a group of five girls we did both of these. We still had guac leftover. I hope the tacos fundidos do not go away permanently with the new menu. I don't want to pick a new go-to. If so, fajitas it is then.Parking is available on the street. Just make sure to pay attention to the meters. There's also a lot across from Nothing But Noodles.I like this location a lot better than its counterpart on Park Road. Bigger restaurant, better service.
3	Great location. Trendy, casual setting. Customer service was very good. Food was quite typical for price. I would return, but don't let the decor create a false impression or heightened expectations.
5	I think this is the best Mexican restaurant in Charlotte. I like their lunch special for chicken fajitas. Chips and salsa are pretty solid. Also a great environment. I moved here from San Diego and it's been hard to find good Mexican food.
3	1900 is an acceptable place to grab a bite to eat. I would put it on par with your average chain style Mexican but with a much better atmosphere inside. The decor is colorful and the ceilings high. It is a very high energy environment and all of the staff is very helpful.The food itself ain't bad. We got guacamole and cheese dip to start. Both were pretty solid. I got the fish tacos for my entree. They weren't bad-- though I have had better. I might come here again next time I am in the area. Maybe the next menu item I try will wow me. Comparable to On the Border.
1	Below average food, a dirty, sticky, smelly environment, and a series of rigid (and unposted) menu restrictions all add up to our first no star dining experience in years.  The server was nice, so we'll give it a star.
