5	Good customer service good food and for a good price. My wife and I went for breakfast and she got the country fried steak and eggs, she gets it everytime and I do have to say it is amazing. I got the new biscuits and gravy, not bad but also not the greatest. I have had better but they have other selections that are much better.
4	We had pretty good customer service and wasn't expensive.
5	Old reliable "IHOP".  This location has friendly wait staff and the breakfasts are always well prepared and tasty.Much better than other places like "De**ys*.  Much cleaner and better quality.
2	This review is for IHOP at village center Summerlin. We ate breakfast this morning had beef omelet, international crepe w/ scrambled egg beater bacon and sausage. This not my first time to eat at  this particular location ,its near my house and church, my experience today is the egg was so dry, bacon and sausage dripping in fat and not crispy but chewy. Adding to my frustration the waitress was cold , she came to my table a few times to attend to our needs never seen smile on her face.
1	Everyone raves about IHOP, but I think it is totally overpriced and disgusting. I rather go to Denny's. The last time I went here our bill was $60 for 4 people- that is a little ridiculous... especially when my order was not right, and my food was cold. Disgusting... who wants to eat cold eggs with their french toast. I was so disappointed.
3	Had a coupon for a two for one entree and happened to be cruisin by so stopped in.  Since it was dinner time opted for tilapia and M had the shrimp.  Food was cafeteria style 'ok'.  Nothing to yelp about, but not bad.Did I really say 'nothin to yelp about'?  Doh!Brocoli was overcooked but tilapia was tasty.  Shrimp? meh.  I could be a fan of the potatos though.  Wait staff was friendly so I give this place a few stars for their kind effort.Final ticket was $22 after the discount.  I would have felt jipped if I paid the full price.  A tad spendy for what you get.
1	We walked in and were ignored from the word go. There was a customer at the counter to dispute a discount that should have been given to her, and immediately the cashier and the manager began arguing about it. The argument continued to escalate until I made a comment out loud about arguing in front of new customers. Then both the manager and the cashier made rude comments. I also observed that tables had not been bussed and the overall appearance was dirty. We turned and left as well as the couple that walked in behind us. If the rating system allowed negative stars this place is a negative 2. You don't fight with customers. Don't even consider eating here.
3	Service staff was friendly, though a little slow. Pretty busy for a Wednesday late morning. Food was your standard iHop fare. I appreciate being able to sub egg whites and fruit for a bit of a healthier start. Overall positive experience.
3	(this review is breakfast only)Actually wish I could do half ratings as I would give this IHOP a 2 1/2.For kids I give it a 4. They do great kids specials like smiley faced pancakes, fruit, etc.For adults, well the food is mediocre at best.  I guess it is the whole national chain thing but the choices aren't as varied as other breakfast restaurants, the flavor is lacking, the presentation mediocre and the restaurant is not the cleanest.  It is edible. The hash browns are actually pretty well prepared but the omelet i have had the last two times just wasn't good. I have had better omelets in buffets at the Omelet station.Still, if you want an inexpensive breakfast that will satisfy your hunger if not your thirst for flavor, this is a good place.  The benefit of a chain is you know what you are getting no matter the location.  The drawback, well creativity and flavor.Still, my daughter likes it and it is walking distance from my house so it stays in the rotation.
2	I have been here a few times and every time I regret it. The service is beyond slow. Literally waited over an hour yesterday morning to be served 2 omelets. I was late for somewhere else I needed to go because of the ridiculously slow service. It wasn't even that busy so no excuse. When I questioned and asked the waitress where the food was because it was an extremely long time since we ordered and I had to be somewhere, she checked and said he just got yours started. Mind you, this was after already waiting 45 minutes. Won't go back unless I have all morning to waste.
4	IHOP in L.V. It's consistent.
3	This loction is ok. The meals were ok. The service on this vist was exceptionally friendly.
4	The food was really good, the service was good, and its really close to where I live, ill be back :)
3	The service here is always friendly. It's never too crowded. The food is good, but pretty expensive for pancakes and eggs.  There is not much on the menu whether it's breakfast lunch or dinner for under $10 per plate. Add a coffee or drink and that's another three dollars.  While I like IHOP, I'd rather go to a nicer place. The last time I ate there my husband got breakfast I got a sandwich and we both got a Coke and it was $30 not including tip.
3	This iHop was ok. The food was alright, has small quantities and very expensive on breakfast items even though its dinner time. The staff was alright but slow.
3	It was ok. I ordered the rooty tooty pancake deal (had a free birthday coupon for it, otherwise I would have gone with something else) and specifically asked for the blueberries on the side. When the order came out, the waiter said "rooty tooty, blueberries on the side" and set the plate in front of me. The pancakes had a massive mound of blueberries directly on top. To be fair, the blueberries had overflowed and were also on the side of the pancakes too, but that's really not what I meant. I didn't feel like addressing the issue, so I just scraped half of them off. Overall, it's ok, but don't expect much if you order something on the side.
5	The food was literally perfect - exactly what I was looking for.  The server Dee was amazing - she handled the whole place seemingly on her own.  The hostess Ashley was terrific and friendly - made me feel very welcome.  Overall very pleased - this was a Sunday around 7:30A
1	Came in almost 20 mins ago after getting seated... the waitress never acknowledged us... did not greet us or ask us to wait a moment.  We just sat there for over 20 mins... no water nothing just to see people just come in after us and get their order taken as soon as they sat down. A lady who seem to be in regular clothes possibly a supervisor finally came over.  So I complained and told her what happened with the people who got their order taken I told her I'm just going to order everything now.  Today is ihop's sweet 56... which I just turned sour for.  56 cent pancakes...  it was probably worth it just to run over to dennys.  There is no excuse no matter how busy... and slow your service is and understaffed for the event that you cannot greet everyone when they sit and let them know u will be with them shortly... its just common courtesy.  A guy behind us was upset and got out loud about it.  Some people just left their money at the pay counter because nobody was there to ring them up.  What an easy opportunity to get robbed.  Ihop get your sh*t together and all your staffed properly trained because your horribble service is insulting and degrating to customers like me who go and eat out a lot.
3	I'm not a big fan of IHOP but since it's a lot closer than Denny's I've come here a few times. I actually have yet to dine-in. I always call my order in and pick it up to eat at home. So far I have no complaints. My orders have always been right and ready when I pick it up.
1	Is the second and last time that I will come to this IHOP location, the service was good but the food sucks. I got two pieces of bacon that look that they have been refried several times, it was totally disgusting.
1	I don't even know where to start. Within 15 mins of being here I have yet to have my order taken. I had to seat myself, and the waiter only came by to give me water and a straw. There is a group of older women to my right who are also sitting and waiting for their food. The waiter is in the back talking to the cook and the lady at the front door is drinking coffee and looking at her cell phone. I am walking out as I type this review to head to Denny's.
3	I'm not big on IHOP but was hungry and figured what the heck......It didn't take long to to be seated nor to place our order......however when we did get our food we have an utensils I had to get up and grab from another table only after a mgr or sup. Saw me do it did they offer me more utensil....really after I got what needed....the food as expected good....the iced coffee however was left to be desired.....did taste good at all and cost $3.99 with free refills which I never received btw .....when asked if everything was good I said it could've been better and to the response of oh.....never coming back to an IHOP again....this not an acceptable way to respond to people that don't get or find everything good....service could've been better...plus there weren't that many guest eating the restaurant
1	I hate this location! We were starving & I'm always into having breakfast for dinner. With that said we arrived & I was craving crepes! I ended up ordering the steak tips with onions & mushrooms with of course a side of German crepes & my man ordered a t bone steak with eggs, hash browns & pancakes. When our food came we requested ketchup & steak sauce. This is where everything went downhill. With our food in front of us we were told they are out of all steak sauces. After a shitty day at work you might as well tell me that you're also out of bacon or crepes! We didn't want these steaks without sauce, we all know IHOP cuts need sauce! So without the waiter caring we ate everything but the meat & took it home to stop at the grocery store to buy some A1 since of course we didn't have anything at home. I ended up heating our shit up & that summed up the night. Dear IHOP waiters, tell your guests there's no steak sauce if they order a steak at your place! Please...We would have changed our orders had we known & I can't imagine a good reason to not have steak sauce, how about a manager make a trip to SAMs or Costco?!?!?!?
1	Great food but the service is literally so terrible. As soon as you walk in, the host is a b****. She seemed like she didn't want us there. It took us about 20 minutes to just get our drinks then another 10 to actually get it. I hate the workers there. Worst location I've ever been to!
1	I should have looked at the reviews before coming to this location. My husband order was fine but my wasnt. I ordered the chorizo omelette. Which i've ordered on several occasions at another location and loved it. Tonight though they forgot to add all the toppingsIt literally came with burnt chorizo and peppers on top. The forgot to add the salsa, the sour cream, and the grilled pepper on the side. It looked nothing like the omelettes i've ordered in the post or the picture on the menu. I tired to flag down the waiter but was ignored. I got up to grab my own menu to compare the thing on my plate with the item I ordered. I finally got the waiters attention and pointed the picture out to him. He assured me that it was what I ordered. I pointed out that the salsa and sour cream where not present along with the grilled pepper (which I wouldnt have eaten anyway). He tried to claim that the salsa was absorbed into the omelette. And that they just forgot the sour cream and pepper. I had to argue with him before he went to the kitchen to get me "more" salsa. A bit later I asked for more napkins which he never brought. I'll drive a little further to go to my regular place. Its just so sad because this location is within walking distance of my new house.
4	I'm not sure why so many negative reviews for this location. The restaurant is clean and spacious. Exceptionally friendly service. The waitress Jenna is super super super nice. The only time we had to wait a while was Mother's day weekend. The food is just like any other IHOP location. Will surely come here again.
2	I would like to say that the food was good, or bad, but I was told to leave before ordering. 9:30 on a Monday and they would not serve a 2top. Apparently the carpets were so bad that they had to close early to treat them. Jesus was nice, yet unaccommodating.
