4	I can't even count how many times I've had dinner with a friend at Dish, Zada Jane's, Creation, etc., and we've decided to walk down the street to DQ and get Blizzard afterward. DQ's Blizzards and other ice cream treats are the best on a hot summer night, but you see plenty of people waiting to order even in the winter. It's a pretty popular spot, so expect to wait a while. And unfortunately, they only take cash. I highly recommend the Blizzard with Butterfinger or Oreos.
4	Oh, I am in love with milkshakes. This branch is cute, like it's from the fifties or something, and it fits in nicely with the whole rockabilly vibe in the Plaza Midwood area. My favorite is the Blizzard. I'm a fan of Oreos smashed up in vanilla ice cream. The staff here is always quick and friendly, and they are open late enough to make an excellent dessert spot after Penguin or Dish or whenever you find yourself in the area for dinner. It's not quite as good as Cook-Out, but it's in the Plaza Midwood area, which is a plus, and it's got a cool vibe with the walk-up instead of the drive-through.
4	Moving to the correct location...Now as I've mentioned, Dairy Queen isn't the first thought I have when I think ice cream, especially after the last experience on Albemarle Road.  But that's one of the newer locations, that has sit-down seating and that fancy air conditioning and all.  Not here in Plaza Midwood.  This place doesn't even have an inside (not for customers, anyway).  I don't even think they have a bathroom.You just walk up to the window, get your treat, and you're done.  To make things even better, service is always given up with a smile.  These guys are good, and they know it.  The lines are almost always five or six deep - or at least they have been every time that I've been there.  Though you can't sit down inside (or outside, since they don't even have picnic tables), I'd rather take the trek here than one of those fancier places.  It's worth it.
4	What a blast from the past! I love blizzards and finding this Dairy Queen was definitely a treat!It's not like a mainstream Dairy Queen. The menu is limited; however, they are fully stocked on the ice cream treats. The food they offer is limited to hot dogs and the best part is they are cheap! A guy ahead of me ordered two hot dogs to go and that actually sounded really good to me. If you are looking for the infamous chicken strip basket with Texas toast and fries...keep looking...you won't find it here. Living in Texas for so long, I got used to the custom of handing you your blizzard upside down (it was a measure of how thick your blizzard is that it won't spill out). They don't do that here, but I did my own test and it passed.Like other yelpers have mentioned, there are no seating areas. You walk up, order, and walk around Plaza Midtown or sit in your car. I wish they would add a few benches outside. Each time I have been past the parking lot is full and people are waiting in line. You have to get there before 10pm...I tend to get my ice cream cravings late. This is a great place to bring your friends or family for an informal ice cream stop. When I was there it was great to see people of all ages with smiles on their faces and ice cream treats in their hands. An update on a previous post...they take credit cards. Bring your cash, bring your plastic, they will take it all!
2	With the recent influx of tea bars, smoothie and frozen yogurt shops in CLT, Dairy Queen seems like a relic of a bygone era. If you should want a true Americana treat, DQ is still the place for a chili dog or a vanilla and chocolate twist cone.  Count me in, right?Though I can't say enough about their soft serve ice cream (silky, creamy, not too sweet, perfect texture), I wish I could say the same about their Plaza Midwood shop or the employees.  Sure it has a nice retro feel, but there is no seating nor restrooms.  I suppose this wards off loiterers, but it seems downright unfriendly.  On the three occasions I've visited, the staff have always been curt.  I get better service (and seating, restrooms) at the DQ in Cotswold and Matthews.  Come on DQ, you can do better!
3	I grew up on Dairy Queen... which is odd for someone born and raised in Mexico. But the DQ I grew up in was an eat-in, sit down sorta place that served all your regular frozen treats and footlongs/hotdogs, etc. But that DQ also sold hamburgers and Country Baskets (breaded sticks of steak that you dunked in a bucket of gelatinous white gravy, DELICIOUS) and other plates not found in normal DQ menus. I know that this isn't your typical DQ and but I'd never been to a throwback DQ like the one in Plaza-Midwood.Everything was ok. Just ok. At first Becky and I were a bit confused as to where to order since there were people scattered throughout the windows in no discernible order. It seemed that there were only two crew members behind the glass. One, the guy, taking orders and the other, the girl, handing them out. So neither really noticed us when we stood there for a good five minutes trying to figure out where to order.Finally, we just approached a random window and the guy came over. He was very nice, attentive and polite. He took our order and verified everything twice.The girl, on the other hand, was kinda... unpleasant. Not that she was overly rude or anything. She would just randomly stick her hand out of the window with a product someone had ordered without any real expression on her face. As the guy was still taking our order, the girl stuck out her hand with a hand-dipped cone and said, "hand-dipped cone". I was standing right next to her and just kinda looked perplexed for a second not sure who she was talking to. I asked if it was ours and she just looked at me without saying anything. I confirmed with Becky that she'd order one. I looked back at the girl and asked, again, if it was ours as no one else was approaching the window to pick it up. She looked at me and, what  I perceived as almost, rudely, said, "it's a hand-dipped cone..." That didn't sit well with me at all. I grabbed it and thanked her. She simply walked away back into her cave of frozen wonders.A few minutes later she comes out with with a bag that had my footlong and some bunched up napkins inside. She walks away again... a few seconds later the guy comes to the window with my soda. I wait a little longer as I've still not received my bag of chips. I leaned into the window again and ask the guy, since who knows where the chick's gone, for my chips. He quickly apologized and grabbed a bag. On his way to give them to me I overheard him, rather annoyed, ask the girl, "you didn't put the chips in the bag?" I'm not sure the girl responded. He apologized again and we were on our way.The food was ok. My footlong had chili and cheese, ketchup and mustard. Pretty damn good. I was surprised that the bun actually held the whole thing together. It did not become a soaked, wadded mess that required morbid amounts of napkins just to get through. Never heard of the brand of chips they gave me but they were good enough.Overall, the food was edible and a nice throwback. I will definitely go again. The only truly bad mark was the girl's crappy attitude.
2	NO BURGERS OR FRIES!  Walk-up standPretty neat to see my second walk-up DQ in the Queen City, but not cool at all when I still cannot find a DQ that serves up those awesome flame-grilled burgers and really good fast food fries to complement the blizzard effect.  Sad that I had to resort to hitting McD's a mile down the road instead for the burger craving.  Still got the hubs a chocolate milkshake here. They've changed shake cups (and decreased them in size), and even with a clear plastic cup the staff still didn't manage to mix the bottom part of the shake up well enough.
2	Dairy Queen can be so hit & miss. This particular location, while in electic Plaza Midwood, always looks run down to me. :/ It packs in the people though. Any given day in the spring & summer, you find a line of people, whether they walked up or drove up. As the other reviewers pointed out, it's not the resturaunt DQ. I didn't know the difference. Growing up Mooresville, we had the same "walk up" DQ as here, but it was much smaller.This afternoon, my boyfriend wanted a Blizzard, a Nutter Butter one to be exact. Like Jeff S., he got it & it was immediately runny & melting like crazy. It also lacked a lot of Nutter Butter pieces. He was ok with it, however, if it were me, I would have been disappointed.I agree with Faith, they need benches or seating areas - especially considering there's not much of a parking lot there.
3	The employees are a little rude, but man do I love ice cream!
3	Only thing I ever get is a twist cone with rainbow sprinkles.  Always consistant and good.  Usually is a line but moves pretty quick.  Customer service leaves something to be desired.  The lady that is usually at the window is all business...you better have your order ready when you get to her.
5	Hello...it's Dairy Queen!!! #TeamOreoBlizzard
4	Ahh Dairy Queen. Their soft serve takes me back to my childhood. I grew up with one just across the street from my house. It's a good thing this one isn't too close to me, otherwise I would be there every night! There is something to please everyone and it is always good. DQ may not the best soft serve/shake/cold treat ever but it is consistent and satisfying. My favorites... Blizzards (try the French Silk Pie), Peanut Buster Parfait, Strawberry Sundae, Mister Misty Float, or a good old chocolate dipped cone. This location has a walk-up window only. No indoor seating, or any seating at all! Order at the window and enjoy the evening air. Service has always been phenomenal at this location. Only complaint... The parking lot gets kinda hairy on warm summer evenings when everyone is looking for a ice cream fix.
1	I love Dairy Queen. Growing up in Michigan, their treats could only be enjoyed in the summer months. I was certain I would gain twenty pounds when I moved into Plaza Midwood and this location was a short two block walk from my house. I had no need to worry though because this DQ is consistently subpar. It's not the lack of seating. It's not the long lines. The problem is that the ice cream is soupy. It's almost as if they melt the ice cream prior to creating blizzards. Blizzards are supposed to be served upside down to show off their thickness. If a blizzard from this DQ was served upside down, you'd have to change your shoes after it splattered out of the cup. This is a consistent problem in fall and summer. The owners need to fix their machines because they have lost a customer!
3	For me....DQ is Sweet nostalgia....This location is a little different than what I'm used to since it's a walk up only but the menu offers all your favorites like blizzards, sundaes and milkshakes. I ordered a Peanut Buster Parfait. It's basically creamy ice cream topped with peanuts and hot fudge. It was just as good as I remember....but I will warn you they leave the shells on the peanuts so if that's not your thing you may want to opt for a different treat! I agree with other reviews I wish they had more seating but overall if you're looking for a sweet treat this summer...this is the place to be!
3	They are rude here so no bueno :( who doesn't like Dairy Queen right? Man I wanted this hotdog and Oreo Shake so bad and it was everything I imagined it would be. Nothing like washing down a hotdog with ketchup and slaw and an Oreo blizzard. Mouth watering. Not very impressed with the service. Most were very friendly but the manager running it was actually very mean. Nothing like going somewhere and being made to feel like an idiot. That's the only reason I'm giving 3 stars. The food is awesome. But I think that one manager hates her job. It's not cool to treat customers like they are stupid. Not cool at all.
1	First off, I want to say that I've been here multiple times. Each time resulted in "intense intestinal distress" within one hour of eating my blizzard. Don't ask why I continued to go back- I clearly have an ice cream addiction.Recently, I went there with my boyfriend. We each got blizzards and sine it was a nice day, we decided to walk around Plaza Midwood while eating our treats. We really only walked around 15 minutes- by the time we finished our blizzards we were in front of Fuel and threw out our containers in front of the restaurant. Well, as we crossed the street, I saw my car was being booted. I went up to the booter, explained that I had been a customer. He asked if I had a receipt, which of course I didn't. I pointed out the DQ employee who had waited on us and said she could vouch. Unfortunately, this lovely red headed slack jawed hillbilly could remember when we had been there. It was a total disaster.If you must go here to satisfy a soft serve craving, get in your car and drive home with your frosty treat: 1) you will be booted if you wander too far and 2) you are a short time from some serious bathroom issues and you will want to be close to home.
1	My wife and I just stopped at the Dairy Queen on central on our way home. I got the pumpkin pie blizzard. I was giddy like a school girl. There were tiny hairs all over my entire blizzard. It was repulsive. I will never go there again, and this is depressing, because Dairy Queen in Philly was a high school hang out for me.
