5	Had to get my tire patched, and I was nervous, but didn't want to drive across town on a tire that was going flat. I pulled up and was greeted by Albert, he was polite and very helpful. He took my keys and took my car to a bay. He patched my tire, put air in all my tires and charged me 10$ I was happy, my tire has stayed full of air for a few days now, I'd recommend them to anyone!
5	These people rock!  Was quoted a ridiculously low price on tires and was in and out in a flash. I'm all about supporting mom & pop businesses...kudos on great customer service from Victor and Emma!
1	When u go to an auto shop u expect great customer service and u pay for their knowledge.  What u get is less than satisfactory. And sometimes you don't understand why? For example I came to this tire shop to get new rims. I got the rims. I also had them unmount and mount my tires from the previous rims.  Aldana neglected to balance the tires after the install. My car had a funny shake to it so I took it to a place near my house and they told me to take the job back to Aldana. Aldana told me that he balanced the tires the first time. Then he told me that I needed to pay for balancing. Balancing is a different service from mounting service. Then he told me that I needed new tires. Aldana is not a respectable service provider for the community. Please save your time and money and go somewhere  reliable.
4	Ive had nothing but great service from this shop. I've had tire repair/changes and oil service performed on 3 different vehicles, 2012 Nissan, 1998 Pathfinder, 1991 Toyota p/u. They are always quick to fit me in and get the job done. They are a full service shop but luckily I have not had to use that part of the service. The front desk is usually run by a couple of younger ladies and are always nice and will ask mechanics for answers to questions. Although it is not an Open Bay to observe you can certainly stand outside the garage bay and view your vehicle being worked on. They open M-Sat 7am to 5:30pm. They also speak Spanish.
