4	Just tried this place - thought it might be a hokey premise but man, is it good! Basically, they make fresh pizza in front of you and you cook it at home. We had a pepperoni and the med special (spinach/feta/chicken/sun dried tomato). The appeal is really that the pizza gets done how you want it - crispy, soft crust whatever. . .our whole family loved it! I was pleasantly surprised how easy it was to bake and the price is reasonable.Finally, the owners are really eager to please and were very good about explaining the concept and how to cook them. Thumbs up!
5	Outstanding value, taste, freshness, and service. Ordered Chicken Bacon Artichoke deLITE and Herb Chicken Mediterranean deLITE - DELICIOUS. * The Rea Road phone number on YELP is WRONG (704) 752-5955 , it is actually 704-752-5995.
4	I had heard good things about Papa Murphy's pizza from my father-in-law who worked in the midwest for a couple of years.  He had told me how good it was just days after I was at Best Buy in the same shopping center and noticed this Papa Murphy's location.  The gimmick here is that they don't bake the pizza in the store - you take it home and do it yourself.  This is fine with me since most pizza chains now use conveyor ovens which are great for consistency, but the dough doesn't rise since the pies are moving and the temperature is typically set at 500 degrees or above.  I have used conveyor and deck ovens at pizza places I've worked, and deck ovens allow for a slow, superior bake which makes the crust rise.This location has a grand opening special right now which is $4.99 for a large 1 topping (14 inch) or you can upgrade to 16" for two dollars more which we did.  The experience: walked into the small location (think even smaller than a Domino's or Papa John's) and they were busy.  Waited about two or three minutes to place our order.  I perused the menu in the meantime and also noticed the 98 sanitation grade.  The man taking our order was very nice (he may have been an owner or a manager).  The employees not only wear gloves, but change them and wash their hands often - obviously a good sign.  You would think that in a place like this that they just have a bunch of pies waiting around to give their customers but that's not the case - they don't prepare them until you order.  We waited about 5 minutes for ours and it was loaded with cheese and black olives.  Since the pies don't need to be kept hot they wrap them in seran wrap which not only saves them money, but also saves a lot of pizza boxes from heading to the landfill.  The girl asked us if we ever baked one of their pizzas and told them we had not.  She explained "how to" and it also came with instructions.  I brought it home, preheated the oven, and put in for about ten minutes (the 16 inch barely fits).  It was almost done but light on half so I turned it and cooked it for another 3 minutes.  The pizza is on an oven-safe cardboard try, so I took it out with potholders, sliced it and ate it - it was delicious.  The crust rose, the sauce was sweet, there was a lot of cheese and black olives.  It was definitely one of the best chain pizzas I've had, and obviously the freshest.  The Rea Rd location is a bit far from me but I'll be going here often.  It wouldn't be a bad franchise to own - no ovens which saves on money and insurance, a small space which saves on rent, and also no pizza boxes.
1	Store has been closed for over a week now.
4	closed.
