5	AZ Body Mechanics is the ultimate full body healing location. You can basically do everything there from massage, to chiropractic services. In addition, they offer free workouts with stuff like P90X and Insanity. Very cool indeed.
5	AZ Body mechanics is great!  They have a lot to offer.  In office myotherapy, pilates reformer sessions, inexpensive group classes, great friendly staff, and Dr Ehren is great at what he does.  I have only been going for a few weeks and I feel so much better already!  The office is very relaxed and the main room looks more like a mini gym, rather than a stuffy doctor's office. Check it out!
5	AZ Body Mechanics is awesome! The staff is friendly and Dr. Ehren always welcomes you with a smile and inquires how you are feeling. You can tell he truly cares. I've had 3 back surgeries and have utilized Pilates in my rehabilitation after those surgeries. Lesley Shea is the BEST instructor I've ever had. She pushes me hard to get a great work-out, all the while paying careful attention to my back condition. I haven't felt this good in a very long time! Thanks Lesley! You're the bomb!
5	This place is great.  I was new to pilates, they went out of their way to make sure I was taken of, they even checked my insurance benefits. The new facility is beautiful and well maintained. The Dr's did a great job with the new office. Fun, great energy, and wonderful people.
5	I don't know Frank M. (above) but we sound like clones. After 3 back surgeries, plenty of pain, and no golf for 5 years, I discovered Pilates.Thanks to AZ Body Mechanics, Dr. Aaron, and especially the fantastic Lesley Evans, I am back on the golf course (at 83 years old) and feeling better than I ever imagined would be possible again.It is a wonderful facility filled with nice people. If you are moping around do yourself a favor and give them a try.
1	I went to their website and they had posted under promos $89.00/unlimited Pilates monthly if a referral and also $79.00/unlimited if joined with a friend, they also had a holiday package if you bought 10 classes for $250 you got 2 free.I was sent in by a referral and asked about the special.  I was informed they were in the process of removing that ad and offered me the 10 classes for $250.  I asked them if they would honor since it was still on the web site ( I literally looked up the number from the site and called) I was told it was no longer the special and she would let management know about it still being there.Aren't there laws against false advertisement?  I think if nothing else it would be good and honorable business to stand behind your advertising, even if it is not correct.Alison
5	Just recently signed up for the unlimited groupon and loved it. One of the best workouts I've ever had. Now I am a member. Rhapsody, Jenni, and Renae are all excellent instructors.
5	I wanted to update my review. Dr. Stacey reached out and apologized for the communication breakdown. She not only extended the offer I was initially calling about, but improved upon it!  The facility is very clean, offers a variety of times and is close to home. I really respect Dr. Stacey responding to the review, mistakes can happen to anyone but correcting them and standing behind your company shows excellent customer service. Looking forward to being a loyal customer.
5	I've been going to AZ Body Mechanics for several years and can't say enough positive things about this establishment! Thanks to Dr Ehren and all the massage therapists my chronic neck/shoulder pain is now manageable. All the massage therapists are fantastic but my favorite is Sherry. Don't let her tiny stature fool you; she has mighty force and is always able to destroy those stubborn knots. Although it's been a couple of years since I've been in for the Pilates, that was wonderful too and I have to find the time to start up again. Two thumbs up and five stars for AZ Body Mechanics!
