4	Great spot. Just opened on University-- I frequented the spot on Fitch Hatchery for quite a while prior. They do a great job with the basics of Indian and Thai without being overpriced, and with portions that are reasonable.
5	The Fish Hatchery location has been a must stop for me for years now. I always hoped they would expand to a location with more visibility and traffic, because this place was a hidden gem.  There are probably 30 different curries you can order, all of which are incredibly flavorful and colorful.  They also have noodle dishes for the less adventurous, and Roti bread that's basically doughy mouth crack.  The atmosphere is first rate for a counter service joint, and the owners are incredibly nice and gracious.  Couldn't be happier about this new location. Highly recommended.
3	I like this place and have been a handful of times.  The curry is ok, which is what you need to know.  It is a quick, over the counter joint and the curry is ok.  Not showing off and not falling behind....the meaty part of the curve if you will.  Parking can be a bit of an issue.  They share a lot with Starbucks and it looks like there is a crowd chilling in SB while I am looking for a space in the lot to pick up my curry!  Not good.  Finally I like the diversity of the menu.  You can venture through Asia and India on their menu pretty quickly.  Sometimes I smile looking at my plate in the diversity.  Go, it isn't gourmet but for a late night dinner, I'm there.
3	The curry tastes good but a bit salty. Given the reasonable price I will come back if I'm craving for Thai curry.
5	Great thai food, and fast. I would definitely go there again.
4	Great curry and some nice jazz in background. Loved the peanut sauce.  Will be coming back to try other dishes
4	The Sweet Potato Curry with tofu (substituted for chicken) was a wonderful post-workout meal. The sauce was rich and flavorful (you decide the level of spice) with plenty of vegetables. I've eaten at the Fitchburg location several times, so I was overjoyed to see them open in my neighborhood. The space is quiet and comfortable with a mix of booths and tables. Place your order at the counter and they bring your meal to your table.
5	What a dilemma! So many tempting dishes on the menu and I can only order one.The quality of the ingredients and preparation easily matches any Asian restaurant in town. But with the counter service and informal atmosphere, I enjoy bargain prices. I don't recommend the small- sized egg rolls. Everything else on the menu has been a delightful dining experience.  And, obvious effort has been devoted to keeping the place clean. I highly recommend Curry in a Box.
5	The new Univeristy Ave. location is fantastic. Perhaps even better than the original Fitchburg location. We ordered a Steamed Pork Bun, Sweet Potato Curry Chicken, and Khao Soi Noodle Chicken. The standout was the Khao Soi Noodle Chicken. It has a wonderful yellow curry sauce with chicken, carrots, zucchini, mushrooms, noodles. The curry sauce is so good it's suitable to just eat with a spoon like soup. The noodles in this such worked well - I think even preferable to the same sort of dish with rice. This dish and the University Ave. location are going to be my new Westside Thai go to joint. Well let's be honest, the Westside has been craving a good Thai joint and now we have one. Companion said her Sweet Potato Curry was "...tasty!"  My pork bun was fantastic. Steamed Buns - yes I said steamed buns cans be overly sweet - but this one was really very savory. Most satisfying steamed bun I've had in a long time. I also had a Thai Iced Tea - comets serviceable. You order at the counter and within minutes your food arrives steaming hot. The total bill for our meal was a under $25 - a bargain. Eat locally - Eat at Curry in the Box!
4	Very tasty! This is the first time I've been to curry in a box and I have to say that it was pretty yummy. After checking out the many different options on the menu I went with the panang chicken curry. It had zucchini, squash, chicken, carrots and peas with a little kick of a curry sauce added in.Lunch date had the peanut delight which was very good also but too much peanut for me. It was good to switch off from one to the other when the panang got a little spicy. The service was extremely quick and the food came out piping hot! ( be careful if you are too excited like I was)The dishes were accompanied by a bowl of white rice that was cooked to perfection. One thing that kind of sucked was the parking. But well worth it to wait for an open spot :)
4	Good stuff- fast and casual.  I can't say it's authentic Thai, but it's good, and the 3-star spicy dishes are nice and spicy.  Much better than Sa-Bai Thong, not as good as Suwanasak (which is neither fast nor all that great for dine-in).  The chicken wrap on the kid's menu is "normal" enough that my picky kid loved it, and the dishes described as not spicy were not spicy like my wife likes.
