2	I was hoping the previous reviewer had merely had a bad stay and/or the property had updated since then, but no such luck.The beds here are ROCKS!  It felt like I was sleeping on a box spring instead of a mattress and a really had and painful one at that.  When we "got up" in the morning (that phrase in quotations as it implies we had a good night's sleep, which we didn't) my husband pointed out that the side of the mattress was slumping, so it was probably very old.  Definitely not Marriott standard.Wireless internet was slow, but a CAT5 was provided in the room for laptops that got internet up to speed just fine.Breakfast when I had it was good.  Perhaps previous reviewer came down late?  A little on the crowded side, but the biscuits were delicious.All in all, the stay was great except for the beds, but unfortunately that's a HUGE thing that needs to be good when you're staying at a hotel.  Sorry guys.
1	really wished we would have read the reviews before staying here. We came to Charlotte for a three day convention and this hotel was conveniently located to the convention center. The only good thing I will say about our stay was that the first person we dealt with was very pleasant. We booked a room with two queen bed because we had friends staying with us for one night. The room we got had a king size bed and a gross looking pull out couch. There other rooms we supposedly booked so we had to deal with it. The room itself was very hot and we had to call maintenance to come look at the HVAC. When he came he had to go in the ceiling and switch the unit from heat to ac because the units were the same units they installed in the 80's and you have to manually switch from heat to cool. He let us now that the room would more than likely get cold in the evening because the temp that night was supposed to get down in the 40's but he would gladly come back. It did indeed get cold. The beds where not as bad as in the other reviews but if two people sat on the edge of the bed then the whole bed actually flipped up and put you on the floor. The floors by the way really need to be steam cleaned. I walked around in my socks and they were brown after just a few minutes. Very nasty. They give you three bath towels and have signs up that ask you to reuse your towels. That is fine but with four people we requested more towels and additional bedding for the pull out bed. After an hour a gentleman finally brought up just sheets. They were hot which made it seemed like they were washed when we called. A large hotel does not have sheets clean and ready to go? I called again to get towels but no one came. It was late so we just gave up. In the morning I just went and got them myself. We barely slept at all the whole time because the walls are paper thin and all we heard all night was sirens which sound like they are right outside your window. The whole time I stayed there I thought I was getting sick because I was stuffed up and sneezing. Did not start until the evening we checked in. On the day of check out I happened to glance up at the vent close to the ceiling and was absolutely horrified to see black mold growing on the bathroom wall. I took a paper towel to see if it was just dust but it was not. I informed the front desk but they just insisted it could not possibly be mold. Not one person even offered to go look. I will be reporting this hotel. In summation.... AVOID THIS PLACE AT ALL COSTS!!!!
1	Avoid this place at all costs.  Horrifically uncomfortable mattress?  Check. Paper thin walls and a creaky floor/ceiling that sounds like others are IN your room?  Check.  Gangs if bikers partying outside your door and yet miraculously - and loudly - coming to blows in the morning?  Check.  By all that is holy, do NOT stay here.  I would give 0 stars if allowed...
4	Pretty happy with this place. Stayed here a week on business. Clean, quiet, cheap, friendly and comfortable. A couple of minor issues like light bulbs fixed immediately and cheerfully. .Breakfast was standard boring fare but clean and uncrowded. Perhaps it is worse on NASCAR days but it wax fine for me.
4	This was a nice place to stay. It's in an area that can be quite noisy sometimes, right near a hospital so you are likely to hear sirens now and then, but not to awful bad. All the rooms here are suites, so it's like a little apartment of your own. You get a kitchen with an almost full size fridge, 2 burner stovetop, microwave, and coffee maker. A little living room area with a couch, chair, and desk. Our room was a king suite, and the bed was very comfy. I liked the bathroom setup, the shower and toilet were in their own little room and the sink was outside, so if I was doing my hair and makeup, my fella could still take his shower and we were not in each others' way. Full closet, ironing board and iron, but one demerit for not having a hair dryer. Free breakfast was pretty darn good,  eggs, waffles, oatmeal, cereal, yogurt, bread, bagels, muffins, juice, coffee, and more. Better than most free breakfasts. I will most definitely consider Residence Inns on any future trips if there is one in the area, I was quite comfortable here.
