5	Finally! Not only a McDonald's, but "street prices" so no price gouging. The coffee is the best bargin at the airport for a dollar!
5	Great to finally have a McDonald's here at the airport. "Street prices" posted and food is good along with all the drink options. Service is quick and coffee is hot!
4	I mostly agree with Javier, but I observed a bit of confusion when it came to queuing orders and delivering service with a smile. For example, order number 384 was ready before order number 362. That is just silliness. Maybe each register has its own sequential numbering system? And the staff all seemed a little blue. Cheer up, you're missing opportunities to smile and bring joy to friendly people! :)    =)   ;)The airport in Phoenix is called "Sky Harbor." That conjures a romantic and optimistic notion, doesn't it?! I like to imagine that someday in the future, we will have floating airports that are real sky harbors, in a truer sense of the word. Phoenix will have a tricky one because it's kind of windy up there! Anybody who has landed at the airport knows that. It can get a little bumpy.If you are a steampunk person, you might imagine that the sky harbors will be filled with dirigibles! And they will dock and make clanging noises. Maybe a grand elevator will bring goods and people up and down to the sky harbor. Or maybe there will still be an airport under the sky harbor. I haven't really thought it through.I was on my way down to Mexico for thanksgiving. It was really fun.
2	Glad the prices were not the airport gouging norm. Food was expected and came out pretty quick. They get slammed in spurts when planes come in and take off.The badWe went there 2 different times 9 days apart. 1st time we ordered a 10 piece chicken nugget. They gave us two boxes of 4 pieces.The manager apologized and said the guy missed counted. She gave me a 6 piece but it only had 5. Next time I ordered a couple breakfast burritos and hash browns.The clerk asked if I wanted hot or mild salsa, hot please. My wife got a egg mcmuffin and I also got a sausage muffin. They forgot my wifes egg mcmuffin.  So I go back.OH there are no hash browns. So I go backGreat no salsa. They asked me and IT WAS ON THE RECEIPT.  So I go back
1	Gross! I came here for breakfast and the food was dry and rubbery. I also tried to order coffee, all they had to drink was tea?
