3	The Sets offers something for everyone. There are a few different rooms, including a live music venue, an atrium with patio seating, a pool hall and the main bar, which is filled with fun games like air hockey and video games. The bar tends to be filled with a younger crowd on week nights since the club hosts all-ages shows, but on the weekends you'll find more of a 21+ crowd.
3	I've been going here for over 4 years.  We've done comedy in just about every room.I still have trouble understanding WHY the bathrooms are so...destroyed!  Some of the doors are off their hinges, there is never enough hand soap or paper towels.On the flip side, though, there is something to do for everyone.  Pool, air hockey, ping pong, music and the outdoor atrium.Staff is very friendly
2	So, i've lived 3blocks from this place for 7yrs and never been so today i finally made the long drive over to check it out... all kinds of fun stuff here. free pool (tons of tables), shuffle board and foosball... not to mention tons of events coming up; comedy shows, concerts and wrestlng?!  They dont have a happy hr (but they do have drink specials) and the wings i ordered where more like mini wings.... probably wont go there for 'happy hr' but to play pool or check out some crazy/fun event count me in!
2	This place is not good. Unfortunately it is one of the only all ages venues for bands to play at in the metro area, so good bands get stuck here.The stage area is awkwardly sanctioned off with caution tape separating the under/over 21 crowd. The bar service in The band area is really awful. I had to wait ten minutes to get some waters. Bear in mind that there was nobody at the bar, so it wasn't because I was waiting in a huge line. The guy had major attitude too.The sound guy is NOT good. The lighting in the main bar/pool table area is WAY too bright. People are going to get stuck going here to see local bands they like, but just know, the place is not a good venue so don't expect much.
3	Not bad.  Free pool and ping pong in the main bar area, and 75 cent pool in the adjoining room.  $2 beer specials.  Decent bartending.  I don't know, I mean, it was okay, I guess.  Didn't blow me away.  It was pretty loud though, and the bartender girl played that Three Doors Down song (Superman I think?) three times in a row, which is just unbelievably annoying, and makes me really want to give it only 2 stars, but I enjoyed the pool area enough.
2	It's the only "all ages" venue for miles, so it was weird to see 12 year old punk rock kids slam dancing with adults. A little disturbing, too.... but funny, for sure.The mixed drinks aren't designed to be tasty, they are designed to get people super fucked up and come in a giant mug. That should tell you something. They had to call an ambulance for one girl who apparently slammed 2 long islands and passed out. Two? They are gigantic. Think like 7 in normal terms, maybe. There was a video on the TV over the bar playing, in which people were beating each other up with metal folding chairs. I wish I were making this up.If you want to see a bunch of mediocre bands and maybe a good one, once in a while, bring some friends and get trashed. I repeat - definitely bring your own company.
4	the Sets is only good for 3 stars, but i'm bumping it to four because they have a pretty cool outside patio  bar area that i can smoke with a drink, and it's enclosed so i don't feel like i'm sitting in the parking lot.i've seen a couple hip-hop shows here and as far as the sound is concerned it's pretty good.  my buddy was passed a joint on the patio once and security told him to put it out...as opposed to throwing us out. so cool creds go to them. one of the performers of the night passed it to him, so i guess if we got kicked out it would have been their loss too. haha.waited here 3 hours for KRS-ONE...honestly thats my worse experience here...still annoys the shit out of me. otherwise i'll keep seeing shows here. its better then chasers.
3	I'm rating this place as both a bar and a music venue. The bar has very decent drink specials ($2 Kilt Lifter Pints!...fuck me sideways!) If you drink the shit they have on special, then you're cool. If you drink anything else, you're not going to get ripped off. The place has free table games, which is nice, a nice outside bar, which by the way, is the only bar you can get draft beer from, and a decent size stage area for small club shows. Security seem to be cool, they allow moshing while at the same time can identify assholes who are abusing the privilege and step in and maintain the peace. It's a pretty decent place to grab a beer, bang your head and chill out for a little while..
3	Another venue not living up to their full potential.  I like that the venue and bar have seperate spaces and the outdoor patio/bar is nice as Im a smoker but lately they have been booking bands too large for the venue and you end up elbow to a-hole w/ a bunch of little kids if you want to be anywhere near the band playing as the over 21 fenced off area is about a 10 inch radius from the bar.  The bar staff is pretty laid back,  the security staff is kind of ego-maniacal meatheads that kick people's asses for no reason.  When i went to The Germs show someone got their nose broken.  Lots of blood.  Which, typically would be a normal scene for a punk rock pit but it was inflicted by the security simply because the kid told him to F off.Liquor is kinda expensive but decent specials on various nights.  usually reasonable cover charge for bands which is nice in this economy. The usual bar games, i want to say they are free during certain times . . . not sure on that tho'.
4	R.I.P. Loved this place.
2	they always book crappy music there.it is a nice place, but it is week as hell.get some 13 to the gallows, or wayne hancock or something in there.
