4	Recently opened, this authentic Vietnamese restaurant offers simple non pretentious Pho. The soup was  rich in flavour with tender slices of meat complemented by thai basil and  other asian herbs in a bowl of rice noodles. Yummy! We also ordered noodles with lemongrass pork drizzled with fish sauce. Delicious! The lemongrass beef with jasmine rice scored a smile at our table. Very good Vietnamese coffee. Finish off with fried banana. Scrumptious! Modern decor. Clean and inviting. Courteous service. Pho Moderne is a gem ready to be discovered. Can't wait until our next visit.
5	Ok Pho-sters! Look no further, as this is the first time since Pho Bang have I been so enamoured with a Pho restaurant... so seriously this place is gooooood. So much that I would drive out to Ville St-Laurent and drag some of my friends from the Plateau with me. The soup ever so fragrant, the spring rolls fresh and crispy, the grilled chicken aromatic and succulent, I am lucky to now have another Pho-bulous place to go to!
4	The pho here is absolutely fantastic. The restaurant is nicely decorated. The service is attentive. The value ($6.50 to $8.50) per bowl is exceptional. I'm glad I tried this establishment based upon past Yelp reviews. The only thing I noticed that changed is that they now accept credit cards.
4	I must say I was pleasantly surprised by how good the pho broth was. I was skeptical when I first entered the restaurant because all I heard was Chinese;  from the karaoke music video they had to the staff members' conversations amongst one another. I was thinking this cannot be authentic. Did they change owners? I'm glad to have tried their pho anyway. The small was the perfect size for me. The servers were really nice and one of them even checked on how my food was after my first couple of bites.  I told her it was good. I love my pho to be piping hot, which it was.Where they lost the star was the fact I only received 1/2 a beef ball, there wasn't much tendon and there was absolutely no tripe (which I did not find out till I had finished my pho). I thought it was because they may have been lost in the amount of noodles so didn't want to bring it up and once I had finished the soup, I thought it would be silly to bring it up then. As for thw beef ball thing...I know I ordered a small bowl, but judging by the 1/2 beed ball I received, the whole thing couldn't have been that big.  I will definitely be back to eat here again since it's so much closer to home for good pho.
4	Pretty decent pho in Ville Saint Laurent. I really recommend the grilled chicken dish too, they really know how to make chicken right. Also! There's bun bo hue , but only weekends. Not sure why it's not offered everyday, but ohwell. Makes it worth the wait! I've eaten here countless times and I can really vouch for most of their dishes.  The one dish I really would not order is the "rice pancake" dish, it's called banh uot I believe. But they don't really specialize in "rice pancakes" so it doesn't matter too much. And another criticism I have is the Vietnamese coffee. Don't get me wrong, it's quite good. But they don't serve it the traditional way by giving you the filter and so on. Rather, they just give you the coffee already made. Anyways, so stop by for a bowl of pho, you won't be disappointed!
1	Imitation Vietnamese food. Pho was pretty average. It did not even match any of the review on Yelp. The noodle was precooked. Part of my pho was still cold when served.If you are really looking for a good place in VSL, Paris pho is number one choice. Real Vietnamese restaurant owned by Vietnamese people. Or Pho Lien across from Jewish hospital.
4	Stopped here for some pho while visiting Montreal. ordered the rare beef noodle soup, grilled pork bun, and pad Thai. The bun and soup were stellar.  Skip the pad Thai it was lacking flavour.  if you've got a hankering for Vietnamese I would recommend. Service was quick and food was great.
5	This place was very good. 8.55 for the lunch menu is more then reasonable and the soup was one of the best i've had.
3	We started with imperial rolls and salt & pepper tofu. To my surprise the tofu was good and the imperial rolls was little cold from inside. Should have tried the classic pho dishes but instead ordered the sea food nest. It was very average. The veges were little fresh which we liked. The ambience is not bad. The service was little slow. Overall it's not a fancy restaurant but a pretty decent pho restaurant for a nominal price.
2	Let's start with the positives, the lunch menu is affordable with regular menu items not being very expensive as well. The service was friendly and efficient and the wait to get our food was surprisingly mere minutes (less than 5). Cheap and fast.Now the negatives. I ordered the orange beef and what I received did not taste anything like orange beef. The beef looked weird and there was way too much tasteless sauce. While eating I felt that this meal may have been pre-cooked or simply reheated. The tiny roll I got was absolutely tasteless and wasn't given some sauce to accompany it, a first for me.The rice ball and veggies were decent, pre-heated or not. So I ate that and left half my beef in my plate.I didn't feel Pho Moderne's lunch menu was anywhere close to authentic Vietnamese cuisine and while I didn't order a Pho or more traditional Vietnamese meal, this didn't meet my expectations. With the handful of Vietnamese places around the area, this could have been better. Should have been better.
2	Been there a couple of times for lunch. Terrible!1. Do not order any item containing meat, it tasted funny the 2 times I had any dish containing meat (I get goosebumps just remembering the taste, yeah, yuck).2. Not real pho, the owners are Chinese, not Vietnamese.3. Bad service and bad taste for decoration.
1	My order took 1h45 minutes to arrive. My soup was cold when it finally came. I refused to pay and the delivery man went into his car to call his boss. We had already started eating and he said if we didn't pay he would take the soup back to the restaurant. The soup was pretty good though I must admit, despite the awful service.
4	Friendly service, great atmosphere and generous portions. All in all this is a great place to eat.
