5	Every spring the Cathedral runs a Greek Food Festival, for a week or so. Now, I consider myself well-versed in mediterranean foods, at least, the vegetarian ones.  I have eaten spinach pie and stuffed grape leaves all over the place, and I can honestly swear that the food at this festival is THE BEST I HAVE EVER HAD.  All the food is home-made by the people from the church--seriously, there is an army of little Greek grandmothers who spend months preparing everything.  There are subtleties of flavor in their cooking that I have never tasted anywhere else.  Anything you get there will be delicious, and do NOT forget to hit up the pastry section for dessert.  They are open for lunch (everything is served cafeteria-style) and you can totally do take-out, but in the evenings they have a Greek band perform, with traditional dancing, and they even have a bar with Ouzo and stuff. It's so much fun.  Plus, all the money benefits the Cathedral, which is really beautiful.  There is just no bad thing about this food fest, except that it's only available once a year.
4	This Greek festival is also held in the Fall, this year a Thursday thru Saturday in September. All around, really great experience taking into consideration the food that's prepared fresh by all the church members and the lively atmosphere. Definitely try the roast Greek chicken (be sure to ask for a couple passes of drippings), dolmades (stuffed grape leaves with rice, mint and lemon among other flavorings, and the ouzo...of course if you're of age. Another fun one to try is the baklava sundae! Everyone in the neighborhood seems to be involved-church members, Pitt/CMU student and so many others. Don't miss out.
5	such a beautiful cathedral! I was here last month for the Enthronement of Metropolitan Savas of Pittsburgh.  It was a beautiful service and an amazing event.  The architecture, iconography and location of the church is just perfect, so beautiful! They have an amazing parish center with a large dining/catering hall.  Really beautiful here!
5	HANDS DOWN, THE BEST GYROS EVERRRRR!!!!!!!!!!!!!Yes, they are worth the wait from the back of the line that trails all the way down the block.Yes, they are worth the cost of getting extras to take home and eat later.Yes, THEY ARE THE BEST GYROS EVER!You can ask for extras of your favorite toppings (tzatziki sauce!!!) and they will give it to  you.So messy, so delicious. You'll need a fork for these babies!***Oh, guess I should mention that I'm reviewing the St. Nicholas Greek Festival... not the cathedral itself (which looks beautiful from the outside and is spacious on the inside!)***
4	Held only two times a year. Once in the Spring (around May) and once in the Fall (around September). I'm so sad I only went to the Greek Festival my last year in Pittsburgh. This is  a great place just to mingle with the local community. Everyone is extremely friendly and you get a lot of families, college students, and individuals of all ages. The food is home-cooked and delicious. They sell more well-known Greek items outside the church such as gyros, fish sandwiches, fries, and Loukoumades. The gyros are huge and stuffed for only $8. Lots of gyro meat, tzatziki, lettuce, tomato, and onion.If you venture inside the Church, you can try more of the homemade traditional Greek dishes. In the first room, you can line up for takeout if you're in a hurry. Venturing deeper into the church will lead you to a large dining hall with ample seating. Here, you will find buffet bars with manned by servers in a setup similar to a high school cafeteria. Lines are long and tables are crowded, but you can usually find a place to sit if you don't mind mingling with a few strangers. My favorite is the dessert bar which sells ten different delicious Greek desserts, most I've never heard of.Here is what I remember getting:Pasta Flora - Greek lattice tart with strawberry filling. Very delicious buttery tart. I remember this being very sweet. Not as sweet as a baklava though. They give you a huge slice for only $1.75. Greek Roast Chicken - not very memorable and nothing too special, but I remember this being juicyMoussaka - Very creamy and rich. The serving lady gave me an extra big piece for some reason.Rice pilaf - I think it's probably the butter, but the rice was very addicting. After I finished my own, I finished the leftovers on everyone else's plates.I haven't tried it, but they also sell baklava sundaes outside the large dining hall. Not a good place to go if you're on a diet, but definite must-go if you want delicious homemade (which means they're not stingy on the butter) Greek food.
