5	This is by far one best McDonalds I've ever been to!French Fries are always fresh & HOT, drive through is always fast, special orders are completed by the time I get to the final window, and the most important thing - my order is always correct when I get home or to the office.Drive through is open 24 hours for those late night cravings.They even have a charging station for your electric vehicle and a large indoor playground for the kids.
5	Now this is one fancy treat! I went to this mcdonalds late saturday night and almost blew out my britches from the terrible burger king the night before when I realized how good the golden arche's prices treat ya! With the cost of gas more than your neighbors flapjack its hard to imagine how they cram all that chicken in each nuggy and keep it only a dollar to add on to ANY combo meal. 5 stars!
5	Ok, I'm not gonna lie.  I feel a bit silly reviewing a McDonalds, but you have to give credit where it's due.  The five stars goes to the morning crew.  There have been many mornings where i have been hungry on the way to work, so i succumb to the temptation of the golden arches.I used to be intimidated if there are four or five cars in line.  Not at this place.  And not only are they SUPER fast, it's ALWAYS fresh and delicious.  I'll often pick up egg and cheese mcmuffins for some of my coworkers and we all agree.  They must have magic elves in the kitchen because these are the best mcmuffins e.v.e.r.  I also think they must have some sort of mind control device that causes your time to speed up while their time slows down, because on more than one occasion, I've barely had to stop my car because there they are, window open, beverage and bag in hand, smile and "have a nice day" on their lips.  The pm crew leaves a bit to to be desired, but the morning crew has me at hello.
5	I'm a social worker who visits homes in central Phoenix and this is my go to McDonald's when I need a cheap coffee or if I need to use the bathroom. This is the cleanest/safest McDonald's in the area and I never hesitate to stay here to do work if I'm feeling too cheap to hit up Starbucks. I've encountered the occasional weirdo, but I don't feel too bad when a non-weirdo is sitting on the other side of me. There are also TVs that usually play CNN or FOX (not sure). It's nice to hear the news while I'm sitting inside doing case notes! Highly recommend this location!
1	Worst McD's in the world wide Franchise!!! I live down the road and they consistently serve old, soggy fries!  The workers consistently sound irritable and commonly get your order wrong.  I usually would not waste my time reviewing a McD's but after 10+ visits to this McD's I am thoroughly dissatisfied.  Do your self a favor and drive down the road to the next McD.  Especially if you want hot, fresh, crispy McDonald's Fries!
4	Occasionally I just feel like going out for just basic breakfast, i come to this particular MacDonald's.  It's a place to have a big breakfast and watch some of the interesting people that you now are regulars among others. It's always clean and the service pretty quick. it's by no means and exciting venue!   is okay for what it is.  I am not a big breakfast eater so it serves the purpose when I am in that particular mood.When I am traveling I often go to a MacDonald's for breakfast.  I usually need to eat something and can count on pretty standard fare and a decent price.  If it's just before catching a plane in the morning, a Greek meal that I might prefer first thing in the morning might not set well at takeoff as a big breakfast..
3	I come here when my fiance who is pregnant craves french fries after having extreme food aversion to anything we try to eat at home. Usually it is pretty quick even though there are lines in the drive-thru as usual.I decided to Yelp this place today though because it is either extreme coincidence or racism that occurs each time I go. I honestly don't care either way, but I think it is interesting to report..I am a Caucasian adult male, and I commonly have African American adult males ringing me up or handing me the GIANT bag for the one order of french fries. Every single time so far they avoid looking at me, don't ask me if I need anything or any questions, and beyond that they literally do not say a WORD. Even when I say 'thank you' before I leave it is ignored.Today though, which is also why I wanted to write a review, FOR THE FIRST TIME, I was asked if I wanted ketchup, and my fiance didn't want any, but I was glad that someone thought about how they never give you anything, not even salt, on the side, and wanted to make sure the order was okay. The funniest joke about this was that he was an older Caucasian adult male. He even responded when I said 'thank you'. That is what made the difference of treatment stand out to me. I always assume fast food workers won't say a word, but this particular experience painted a weird picture over the different visits.I wish I would have asked his name. I think people deserve credit for doing things like that, it is exhausting to have to keep that energy with every customer all day.
1	It is so unhealthy and gross! the chicken there isn't even real. YUCK!!!
5	The staff is friendly and always make sure ur order is right. The food is done very fast and it taste great.
1	Slow. Wrong order and didn't ask if i wanted cream and sugar. Saw one guy walking around aimlessly looking at the register. Wont be coming back.
5	I went to this restaurant, located in Scottsdale, thinking that it would be a big deal. Well, I hadn't seen the little "$" sign earlier and arrived there discovering that the raving is on point.  The fries were great. The burgers churned out by the dozen with amazing consistency.  I guess the owners name is Ronald and he's an odd looking fellow...maybe European as he looked a little eccentric to be American.  I'll definitely be back and hope to meet the owner and chef.
1	flies everywhere, place is dirty and food not cooked well.
1	If I could give this restaurant negative stars I would! Mcdonalds service has gone so down hill and managers don't care. Never going back.
3	It's McDonald's so you know the menu and prices but do you know the location. This location is updated and clean. Fast friendly service both in the restaurant and at the drive thru. It is a busier location due to being centrally located but that does not stop this location from getting the job done.
