4	Malvarosa is a relatively new challenger to the Portobello High Street. It brings tapas much closer to my house, and for that I thank Malvarosa. And indeed, I thank and praise it highly, for not only does it bring tapas closer, but it brings gooood tapas closer. The service last night was excellent, great banter with the guy front of house (Vegetarian? What kind of monster are you? I think in Spain, I might be burned as a witch (I jest, I jest)). You are made to feel welcome, and not rushed, even when the restaurant were heaving, we were one of the first to arrive and one of the last to leave, supping on tasty sangria and enjoying a good catchup. To the food - the menu is quite small, but not in a bad way - just don't go in expecting a book of tapas. Malvarosa keeps it succinct - but there is still a good amount of choice across meat, fish and vegetable spectrums. Patata bravas - good, smoky paprika flavour with a good kick, although could do with a bit more of a hit of the sauce on the potatoes. A warm ensalada of broad beans, artichoke and spinach was delicious (also available with meat, the Spanish vegetarian option, hur hur hur). I'm still enjoying the thought of chickpeas, spinach and sultanas - a tagine-y style tapas which I couldn't get enough of. I could go on - I'll admit, I forgot to ask my dinner date how the meat dishes were - so I can't comment on those. I was too busy enjoying mine to think of anything else. For dessert, we tucked into chocolate cake (super rich, bit too heavy for me, with a stomach already groaning from our mains) and flan (I got the last one hurrah!) - flan had a bit of an odd texture, so a little less enjoyable than I had hoped for. Overall, Malvarosa is a lovely place to spend an evening catching up with good friends. No rush, no stress, just good food and good times.
5	Hmm where to start? Decided to go with a friend's recommendation and try Malvarosa for lunch with a couple of friends, all of us are Coeliac (gluten free) so can sometimes be a bit of a challenge for restaurants but there was smiles all round today when we were given a menu with all the gf options clearly marked, and I say all as there was plenty to choose from! A great variation of tapas dishes and judging by the smells welcoming you as you come in the door I'll definately be back to try out more.. But until then I can honestly say that the Tortilla Espagnol is the best I've had in Edinburgh! Traditional Spanish black pudding was fantasitc and the Paella was definately worth the wait... If you like your tapas then you definately need to try this place! Now I know that you will never mistake Portobello for Spain but I'm not so sure now as I think if the sun were to shine just a little while sitting in Malvarosa then I'm sure you'd agree with me that a little piece of Spain's been uprooted and transported to Scotland!! All the staff are Spanish and made us feel really welcome, it's a small restaurant so I'm guessing booking will be a must as we head into summer so make sure you put it on your to do list!
5	Oooh, tapas in Portobello. Make it sunny, hit the beach, squint and it could be the Med with a bit of imagination. Having once considered moving here and discovering there was a proper tapas restaurant, I had been itching to try it. It came highly recommended by my office mate who had tipped me off about the gluten free options :-)Malvarosa is a lovely Spanish enclave in the heart of Portobello. With its cosy decor, Spanish chefs and the lovely Alvaro making you feel welcome, it makes visiting Portobello on a rainy day a great option.I loved the food - lots of GF options, all highlighted in grey. Went for paella and tapas to share between 3 and there was tons of food. My own staple request - tortilla espanola was fab - and cooked properly, the egg not looking too raw or dried out. The garlicky mushrooms were lipsmackingly good and very moreish. I loved the black pudding, milder than Scottish black pudding, but one of two varieties on offer. I  the paella was fab, big chunks of chicken and chorizo, complete with veggies - yum, yum.  The service was excellent. This is very much a family restaurant. Alvaro the owner was interested in all his customers and after discovering we weren't local, was keen to know what brought us to Malvarosa. When I discussed my almost house move to Portobello and the office mates recommendation, I was told to thank said office mate for good review. Clearly an owner who cares about his business and his customer experience!Well worth a visit - planning our next GF lunch here so hopefully returning within the next month - yum, yum.
5	If this isn't the best Spanish restaurant in the Edinburgh area I'll eat my hat.Great food, really good service and a pleasant atmosphere so absolutely nothing to pick out as a negative.
