5	Countless times anyone can visit this 24 hour store for any of auto needs, and I have when in Vegas. To name just a few of some car needs I got from this place: a set of wiper blades, front light bulbs, car accesories, a gas tank cap, a funnel, engine oil, front lights glass interior cleaning, even car battery. There were times it was in inconceivable hours an auto need occurs. There was that first time when I was visiting Vegas, I knew no auto store nor auto shops. A valet attendant in Gold Coast Hotel Casino where I stayed for some months have informed me of this place. I may be equipped with knowledge of cars and car care from my Dad, auto mechanic friend and auto books, I can admit I may not know of what these auto staff may know even much more. Yet they are honest-to-goodness, attentive, understanding, patient and helpful. The prices are considerably minimal compared to auto dealer products values. The auto mechanic and staff was able to provide similar or comparable products to match my auto needs. Plus, the auto staff will even go out of their way to assist in servicing the part to the auto and inform if questions or inquiry arise. Great service, a convenient location, prompt and courteous attitude and low-cost valuable products, with shop open all hours. What else can I say? And I am always greeted or called, "Ma'am", just like any body. That's a good feeling and then I can go zooom, go zoooom on the road zone again. My car definitely likes this autozone.
3	On the start of my last trip to Vegas I decided my windshield needing cleaning so I pushed the button and watched my wipers disintegrate before my eyes.  I dodged a thunderstorm on the way up and just got to a luncheon UYE before the skies opened up.  I decided my run of luck had run out and went looking for wiper blades.  After following the Yelp/Google maps directions to another auto parts place that no longer existed I ended up here after driving over 10 miles to go less than one.  Las Vegas had had several thunderstorms in the last few days so most of their wiper blade selection was gone but I found a set that would work and sure enough I needed them twice on the way back to Phoenix.  Service was decent in a packed place. The fellow who took my money noticed my Diamondbacks hat and pointed out his cool studs, to bad they were for the Yankees.
1	I went with a friend Thursday 1/12/12 to purchase a rear tail light ($4.99 item) for a 2007 car. My friend purchased the item with credit card & we went back to car in parking lot, discovered it was the wrong light & went in less than 5 minutes later with the unopened package to exchange it for the correct light which we found for $4.99 same price. When got to register got different cashier & explained the exchange wanted & thought it would be simple customer service: NO! The attitude was you are bothering me, what your name? My friend who is Asian with 6 syllable last name gave him his nickname which is easier to pronounce. What your phone? (Which was repeated 5 times to him because he pretended not to understand, the same #) My friend presented picture ID, receipt stamped less than a few minutes ago, and cashier said "you playing games with me so take your business elsewhere". At which point I intervened and ask for the clerk to do the right customer service & exchange the item as he had all he asked for (receipt, picture id, new item,exchange item # & phone #).  He refused, so I asked to speak to the  manager & he said "I am the manager" My friend did not wish to argue so we left &store has receipt that could have been refunded to credit card & the lamp paid for. Now my friend has to dispute the lousy $5 charge and manager has gall to try to charge for an item left with him.. If you like this kind of service to customer then spend here. If you care about good business practices & courtesy to customer no matter their ethnicity then take your business elsewhere
1	I gave this location a 1 ONLY because there's no 0 STARS first off I believe this is the only 24-hour autozone in in Las Vegas. BUT my experience on 1/29/2012 wasn't so great.... Anyways I went around 7:30PM there were only 2 customers in the store other than me & about 4 employee's. I was going there to get a low beam light for my car. So I went to the counter told the employee my car make and year and he checked it in the computer, simple enough. So I grabbed the right light paid and walked out pretty experience. EXCEPT for some odd grace of god I decided to install my light then and there in the parking lot in case I would get pulled over. So I tried to install this light bulb that the employee said was THE RIGHT BULB for my car. When installing I come to find its the wrong one. A simple check in the computer would've sufficed this mistake. BUT this employee didn't take the time to really look at which bulb was THE LOW BEAM, instead he gave me HIGH BEAM. I walked back in thinking okay its fine I was JUST in there, with an opened package & recipe. I didn't see the issue of the exchange. APPARENTLY they saw different, they gave me a hassle because apparently they don't do returns/exchanges on bulbs. Which I was furious, IT WAS THEIR FAULT I got the wrong light bulb not mine. Their miscalculation, I had to even ask for the manager. Finally they said okay to the exchange after looking at my recipe time stamp noticing I was JUST there. After getting the exchange I decided to buy an air freshener. So at that time there was about 3 customers there and 4 workers... I stood in the cashier line WAITING & WAITING for some service, all I wanted to do was pay and leave... There was 1 employee doing nothing, & there was DEFINITELY 1 employee that noticed I was standing in line. & that 1 employee did nothing to get his other co-worker to help me. He just stared at me standing in the cashiers line. After waiting for about 10 min they finally got to pay and leave. Horrible Customer service from employee's!!
1	Not good at all.  To make a long story short.  Ordered (and paid for) 2 parts, one came in right the other, just never came, nobody called, nobody could give me a straight answer.   Other than we can't control the shipping company.  They have a lot of people working there, just taking orders, not thinking it seems.  After 7 days and the part still not in, one employee finally made a few calls (after I got upset of course).  My part was returned to somebody else at a different parts company.  That made no sense to me.  I paid for the part, went to the store 3 times and still no part.  It had been cancelled or returned or whatever. Very frustrating!!We can order you another one...No thank you!  They handled refund professionally and were appologetic though.
5	This is an awesome Autozone!The fact that it is open 24/7 is a huge plus.They have a rewards program so you can earn money back towards future Autozone purposes. You can use this reward system at any location!They have always been great about honoring warranties with no question.
1	UGH seriously WTHI went in, looked around and didnt see what I needed. I asked the girl behind the counter (it took them a while to have ANYONE come up front, but I could hear them BSing around in the back!)I asked if they had what I needed. She looked at me and said: I dont know, do we?I was like wtf... I am asking YOU!I would have bought a few hundred bucks of car crap. But i left.
2	I went there to have my check engine light checked.It was a sweet girl who did it for me and it was free.  But he expertise wasn't that great on what the code my car told her was saying.  She actually ended up telling me to call my mechanic to figure it out ??  She was a pretty little girl in a room full of men and i feel that's what drives her to wake up and go to work everyday, not her customer service or knowledge of cars.Thanks for the free check but i guess ill go somewhere else to get the issue fixed?Wont go here again.
4	I stopped in there lastnight about 3am and had to buy headlights for my truck not only did the guys help me find them the manager came out and installed then for me ! I can see now ! Thank you so much!
4	A 24 hour auto parts store? Why not? It is Vegas where people from all over drive here when flying is not so economical. Them being open all the time and the location they are in are both prime reasons to come here for any car needs.This last visit, I needed brake pads for my 2005 Toyota Corolla. Not only did they have the parts but there were 3 different kinds! The first set was 20 bucks, the second was 35, and the third was 55. Why the difference in price? One word: Materials. The first one was cheap because it was metallic, which means that it doesn't last long. The second one was semi-metallic which means that it will last longer. The third one was ceramic which means it lasts a long time and it gives you the best performance out of all three. I went with the middle one because all you really need is something decent and its not like a race every time the stoplight turns green. Keep in mind that all of this being presented to me by the guys behind the counter. So great customer service.Since these guys are 24 hours I can think of some ways that can be good and/or bad. The Good.If your car breaks down or is in need of something vital like windshield wipers at 2:30 in the morning, come here and you are good to go. This place is located off of Spring Mountain and Decatur so you are surrounded by lots good eats and most of them are open late with some even open 24/7 as well.The Bad.After reading a couple of lowly rated reviews, I see a common theme. Bad customer service especially into the swing/graveyard hours. Im assuming the ones that work during those shifts are people that don't know too much about cars? Have you ever heard of that one song, "The Freaks Come Out At Night?" Well that is partially true because I have been here before at 2 in the morning needing a bulb for one of my brake lights being burnt out. I kid you not, there be some weird characters that walk around the parking lot and sometimes make their way into the store. So there you have it. To me, these guys being open 24/7 is more positive then negative because you never know when your car is going to need something replaced most especially if you just happen to be in Chinatown at 2 in the morning.Yelp 2014 365 Review Challenge #80
5	Had battery problems and these guys John and Eddie were kind enough to more than just help me out. Replace the battery and test everything withy car. There was more problems with my car but i know that they saved me a ton of money with all my battery damage. Thanks Guys much appreciated.
5	In a word, phenomenal.  We are from out of town and were really worried when our car battery died.  The temperature had been as high as 108 degrees the prior two days and we really worked the battery hard by running the AC full blast.  When we asked our AAA roadside service angel if the battery would be OK in the morning after he jumped it he said, "Nope."  He then told us about this Auto Zone and off we went.One of the guys there brought out a machine to test the battery and said it was fine.  He then charged the battery to full power (it took 45 minutes) and then tested it with the motor running.  He noticed the alternator was starting to crap out and gave us a printout to take to our mechanic.I forgot to say that this was all happening at 2 AM.  Holy moly we were exhausted.  We were able to get the car back to LA safely two days later and the alternator has been repaired.  Thanks for being open 24 hours Auto Zone!
1	long time whiting to get help
