4	Not as big as some other Circle K's but clean and no scruffy customers seen at this location!  I wish I could say the same for the one closest to my house!
2	Have to strongly disagree with the one and only review I have seen here. This Circle K is exactly like all the other one's in the valley. Let's see it's dirty....unorganized.....dark parking lot......scruffy customers......disinterested customer service staff....and other than the drink specials.....everything else is overpriced. Enough said.....Eat, Drink, and be Merry my Friends......just not at Circle K.
5	We're staying in the area for the long weekend and the kids (including a niece and nephew) wanted to get after-dinner snacks.  Hoping to make a quick stop to pick up a pack of gum and other (simple and portable) snacks, the kids opted to get ginormous .79 cent icees instead.  The store associate (with name tag That Guy) was very cool and friendly; he answered all our questions and offered us complimentary hot dogs (due to the late hour).Although this store is not the most pristine store we've visited, I have to give this store a 5 star rating for the fun and yummy experience the kids had.  As I write this review, my niece is sitting next to me slurping the same icee from the night before.
5	Yes, I am reviewing a Circle K.  If you need ice chips post-throat surgery Circle K is your place.  Their ice is 'soft', like melt-in-your-mouth not hard-as-a-rock ice, and not like the ice-daggers that come out of your crushed ice dispenser on the fridge at home.  They also have cheap slurpies and Styrofoam cups to keep ice chips from melting!  I never knew these things were important until I needed them.  To top it off the sales associate was extremely nice every time my sister or I went in there.  Even though I sounded like Kermit the frog and looked like death, they didn't make me feel like a weirdo.  This store is not large and it is not a gas station,  but they have a decent selection and cheap drinks if you are on the go.
