5	When it comes to breakfast the West Island has been a desert. Unarguably the worst area on the island to find an edible, let alone enjoyable, breakfast. Thank heaven...that's no longer the case. Allo Mon Coco has ridden to the rescue...out of Laval of all places. Anyone living or working west of Decarie who chooses to eat breakfast anywhere else in the area is - let me say this politely - an ass (or from South Western Ontario, which when it comes to food is pretty much the same thing)Allo Mon Coco packs em in every morning in Laval but when I walked into the cavernous new location on Brunswick west of Sources just after 8 I was the only patron in the restaurant. That won't last but until word gets out and the lineups start forming I'll take advantage of the lull.The menu is pretty standard breakfast fare with a few twists but the execution is what separates these guys from the wannabes. Two examples:My eggs Benedict came with potatoes and fruit - potatoes the neither the McCain brothers not the good folks in Cavendish had touched with their "lets process out every but of value and taste" hands. Real potatoes - go figure.The fruit bowl was a meal in itself - not a couple of "sliced last week" shards of mellon. I couldn't eat it all. The waitress packed it to go and then I promptly forgot it.Service was great. How could it not be with 6 waiters and waitresses, 8 cooks and a couple of hostesses all looking after only me.
4	Delicious breakfast on the West Island at reasonable prices. Portion sizes are enormous. No way we were going to finish all the potatoes on our plates. Everything was really good. The restaurant is new - and looks that way. Really nice decor. Only problem I found was that the bathrooms are too small - only one stall. After eating all that food.... TMI. Go. You'll enjoy it.
4	This was a great place for breakfast, we're for sure coming back. One thing for me that it was long time waiting to sit down. And make sure that you get all the little extras like cream for the coffee, the toasts and the glass of water. Since they were busy it understandable but shouldn't be up to me to remind them every time that I need something.
2	A couple of years ago when Allo Mon Coco opened I posted a review praising the food and service. The food remains unchanged. It's well prepared standard breakfast fare. The service on the other hand is, frankly, abysmal. Today for the first time in my life I got up and walked out of a restaurant leaving the meal barely touched. That was after waiting for someone to take my order (i eventually had to track down the hostess, who eventually sent a waitress who said she was "just informed" there was a customer at the booth. Another ridiculous wait for the food - again only coming once I complained to a staff member (the one waitress in the place that seems to genuinely care) to be followed by another wait for toast while everything else went cold. After almost 40 minutes I lost patience and walked out.I could blame the hostess and the waitress, both of whom could be kindly described as indifferent and probably more accurately categorized as both lazy and indifferent. They don't deserve blame though. They were only doing what comes naturally to staff when the management stops managing.I'll give the owner(s) some unsolicited advice. One: Try spending some time in your store. The staff (especially the young ones) wander around aimlessly with no desire or understanding of what is expected. When a waitress tells me she needed someone to notify her she had a customer  I really wonder if she ever bothers to look at her station. That's so bush you should be ashamed of how little you put into training and follow-up.TwoPut someone on hostess duties who is actually going to greet customers within a couple of minutes and knows the extent of her (his) job. Currently you've got a parade of amateurs  - usually waiters or waitresses who have their own jobs to do. Alternately ask the person who seats customers to inform them that they are now being abandoned. At least prepare the customer for the rest of the non-service coming their way.ThreeIf you really don't care about your restaurant - sell it. The food is good. There are some staff members who really do care about doing a good job. Before you kill a good thing at least profit from it.FourIf you actually do care about your store. Get your ass off the couch and get back to work. Clean house. Light a fire under the lazy ones and if they still don't rise to the job boot them out. Inspire the good ones to meet your standards (you'll need to show everyone that you actually have those standards - something not currently evident)FiveLet me know when you get your act back together. I'll come again. Until then, Laval isn't far away.
4	An excellent place for breakfast. The place is comfortable and very open. Portions are bordering on the large side but I enjoy that when I go for brunch.Our waitress (unfortunately I forgot her name) was nice and efficient even though we had her running around a bit. When you have kids there's always something they need (ie. extra napkins, more water, extra plate, more utensils) I'm sure all parents understand. She was always glad to help out and always had a smile.People that complain about cholesterol and what not need to go get a life. Order something healthy then. I can't stand when people order eggs, bacon, potatoes and then complain that they are greasy. Breakfast in my opinion is eggs, pancakes, bacon, toast, ham etc. If you're looking for bran flakes, then stay home.Prices were very good for the amount they give you. This place is what breakfast should be.
4	The ratings did not seem that good for this location for mainly the service. But for us Service was excellent. Food as always good and very large portions. I believe the success of this place has to do with the price and portion. They simply work on volume. I had a club sandwich for lunch and if I wanted I could have skipped the next 3 days of meals but I am greek and food is religion for us!!!Great food and service.
2	A couple of years ago, when I first came to allo mon coco..I was taken a back by the quality food and service ..I now live in Toronto and came here because I was craving a nice breakfast! Almost $30 for rubbery pancakes & salty potatoes! My waitress looked depressed & hungover..she was extremely sneaky..I asked for an orange juice ..and she brought me a large size without asking if I wanted a regular sized one! When it was time to pay, instead of the percentage option on the debit machine..she went straight to the $ option so I would tip more without noticing. She was crap, and the food was really crap. How do you mess up breakfast and charge $30 for 1 person? Never coming back. Petinos near by is a better bang for your buck, waiters more friendly and the food is much tastier !
