5	On the way to the first baseball games in the morning on Sunday and highly in need of coffee and a pastry. So, we were looking for one of the chains and were pleasantly surprised to find this place. I am always a proponent of supporting the local shops over the chains, and I was pleased to find that the quality was not lacking. The place is very cute. There are lots of choices for the coffee and some great fresh pastries. I had a freshly baked pumpkin scone and a sugar free vanilla latte. It was perfect. The scone was huge and the latte was just the way I like it. It was the perfect start to the morning. It seems that if I had had more time, this place would have been the perfect place to visit for things other than just having coffee. This place also offers salsa lessons and many other events. Definitely something to check out on another visit to Scottsdale.
5	Oh this place was far from where I was at.  The problem with Phoenix is that every place seems like it's located in a strip mall, and there are tons of them around here.  Well this one was way out in Pima off of Shea, but it was worth the trip.  They have delicious coffee here.  I ordered a caramel cappuccino with non-fat milk, and it was very tasty.  I saw that they also have a dark roast Colombian coffee, and bought half a pound of it.  They ground it up for me, and it smells so nice and rich.  When I think of commercials where the scent of coffee is around and wakes you up, I'd want it to smell like this coffee.  It's a pretty decent sized coffee shop filled with glass artwork and other little Latin trinkets that they sell.  I like the cultural mix and feel of the place.  I believe that they host several types of social cultural gatherings.  I have seen the website advertise salsa dancing amongst other events.  I may have to have my friend bring some of this coffee back if I become addicted.  I had to open my carry-on in the plane to get to my neck pillow and my ground coffee was in there, and the 2 passengers next to me commented on how good the coffee smelled!
4	I first came here on Sunday night. I was looking for another good cup of coffee in the Scottsdale area and stopped by Inza. As I approached the door, I heard music and saw people dancing The Tango. Every Sunday night they have Tango lessons. Can you imagine how much fun we could have with group Tango lessons with a few of us fully caffeinated and attempting to dance the Tango - that could be quite a sight! Let me say - Sunday - I was so terrified with all the folks dancing the Tango that I chicken-shitted my way out the door, didn't speak to anyone, quickly got into my car and decided to return on Monday morning. I wasn't prepared for the Tango that night.Monday morning (Christmas Eve), I get up and out of the house early, as I have a full day of plans in order to prepare for my family's 'stuff', so I hit Inza early. Closed. "Closed All Day - Christmas Eve and Christmas Day." I should have expected this as they are family owned. and operated. Damn, I was looking forward to it.So today, I drive into the familiar-by-now-parking-lot and enter the little coffee space to have a cup of coffee before my day's workout. Its early and the place is almost full. There's a business meeting going on in the corner and all the little comfy chairs and tables are almost full. What's really nice is that strangers are obviously interacting with strangers and you can tell there's some kick-ass conversations going on. There is nothing superficial or pretentious about this space or the people who are hanging out here. The woman who takes the order for my coffee has a blinding and authentic smile. She's never seen me before and yet I feel like she's really happy I am in this little space. If she's not the owner or part of the family, I suggest that the ownership give this woman a raise - because she's running the business like she owns it. She cared about my coffee and that's a hard trait to find anywhere, anymore. I sip my coffee and am pleased. Not overjoyed. Not pushed over the edge. Its good coffee. It's well balanced, nutty and has a nice acidity. It's not burnt or bitter, yet its not as dark or robust as I usually drink my coffee either. Its good but the vibe in this little coffee space and how I feel when I leave here is even better. My persistence in stopping by paid off.
5	One of the best coffee shops in Scottsdale.  Fun events, great Chia (the best in town), great staff and the best to hang out with a laptop.
4	I have only but a few things that I absolutely NEED to remember everyday before I jet off for work, and one of those things is my coffee mug.  Typically I leave it in my car, but lately I've been pushing myself to bike the 11 miles in the morning, so its been coming inside with me at night.  Well, Wednesday I forgot my mug...Therefore I figured it would be a good reason to try Inza!I rolled in around 7:30 am, a good hour before I needed to get to my destination, so I had a chance to sit and sip for a while, taking it all in.  I was happy with the atmosphere.  There was a group of six or so men sitting in the back, commenting on recent news - specifically about the big money horse auction that just took place.  You don't see this in every coffeeshop, I might add, so I was very pleased with the 'life' in there.The staff was lively, as well.  The three baristas were goofing around when I approached the counter - which I like - but quickly responded to me when I stepped up to order.  The girl that helped me was bright and cheery, and the men at her sides were equally as chipper.  Good energy, all around.As for the space, its unique and it works.  To fill the massive void of space in the ceiling, they've constructed a hanging roof of small timbers and painted metal sheeting that provides for a nice feel.  The signage is bright, clear, and uses elegant, yet easy to read fonts - a big plus in my book.Also unique was the coffee condiments area.  It's located at the rear of the shop - out of the way of commotion - and it includes more than your standard issue.  Cinnamon, vanilla, honey, stevia sweetener, and three types of milk/cream are offered.  There's also two very handy platforms that extend out slightly, allowing the customer to set their drink in a dedicated area, eliminating those instances when you have to clear an area for your coffee just to splash some cream in it.Genius.All in all, I really like this place and I'll definitely be back.  The only negative comment I have is that you are not given a free cup of coffee when you buy their mug.  I've purchased "house cups" at many independent coffee shops around the country, and I've always been offered a free fill up with my initial purchase.  Not only that, the mugs are very low quality, and the Inza logo scrapes right off.But at least they offer a house cup, which is more than I can say about most coffee shops...If you're in the neighborhood, give Inza a try!  You can't see it from Shea, though.  Its behind Maloney's.  Its the first shopping center west of the 101, and North of Shea.  Look for the Hummers parked out front in the morning (there was 3 the morning I stopped in)... WTF???Scottsdale cracks me up.  Everyday.
5	After reading all of the positive Yelp reviews that came before mine, we decided to host our Yelp bookclub at Inza - we met today, and wow - it really was fantastic!I cannot speak to the coffee, but I'll look forward to returning just for that.  Instead, I can speak to the awesome atmosphere, cool, friendly employees, and the empanada + salad special combo.  I had a late lunch there today and it was delicious!  I went with the savory baked flaky empanadas... they were filled with chicken, rice, and beans.  They were flavorful but light and seasoned just right.  I was hungry, and the special came with a small salad and totally 'hit the spot.'  I was impressed to see not only a variety of coffee and tea drinks, but other frozen drinks and even an option to add protein as well!  With free WiFi and lots of cool events going on daily, plus a parking lot with plenty of spots, and friendly employees to boot, I'll be back to visit for sure!  Maybe even for some tango lessons that occur every Sunday from 2 - 3pm.
