4	While Polished Nail Bar is the trendy and popular place to go (and I myself was a fan for a hot minute), I am a long time fan of Malibu Nail. Although they don't have blaring music, scantily clad nail techs and super fancy chairs, what they do have is really attentive staff, a relaxed atmosphere and the best pedicure I've ever received in Charlotte. Plus, any time I get a mani & pedi, they try to do it at the same time, which cuts down on the amount of time I'm in there. The basic pedicure at Malibu is more involved than the basic pedi I've received anywhere else. My calluses are always smoothed away and my toes are left feeling fresh and pretty again. If you really want to relax and enjoy some "me" time, check them out (closed on Mondays).
4	Alright... my friend and I totally have the place to ourselves for pedicure. Chair was not exceptional but it kneed and vibrate. They have a choice of soft drinks or wine. This is the first place I got red wine chilled, but really do I need to complain when it's free? They don't over refill so I'm not sure if it has one glass limit. Alright... now to the good part! My manicurist (Q, yea I asked twice but it's her name) took her time to gave me a massage and scrub my feet. She was very patient on my extravagant long time to pick a color. Only when she applied, I changed my mind. She fixed that one nail though. Would I go back? Heck yea! PS: That gravel parking lot really not a good friend with slippery sandals so if you can park on the asphalt, do so!
5	Malibu Nails is my Favorite place to get my nails done. Dare I say it is even better than Modern Day Spa? This claim is based on several key points that I look for in a Nail Salon. But the long and the short of it is Go here you'll be so happy you did. To start off I must say that I have never waited tooo long for any service. They are prompt, but take their time when working with you. This leads into the personnel are so sweet and attentive. If they aren't too busy they will give a nice hand massage or take a longer time while massaging you feet/legs. There is a Older lady that is sometimes here that is one of the other girl's Momma. That lady gives an amazing massage according to my fiance' who was talked into a pedicure by her while he waited. He says, "Best I've Had" And according to the Older Lady, "his feet are sexy now!" lol So cute! We all had a good chuckle. Another thing about Malibu Nail is that the nail techs are so easy to talk to. They are so good at suggesting nail colors and they do it with a smile. OH!! that is right, I almost forgot to mention the amazing and up-to-date color collections. They even had the new opi pirates collection (which at first wasn't sure about) which I now love. Mermaid tears is a great color! Another cool thing is they have Harmony Gelish nail polish that is a soak off/ no chip/ instant dry Miracle!Ok Ok Im blabbering now! But really go here! It is actually really affordable. You so deserve some you time!
4	Malibu Nails is a great nail salon.  I've never made an appointment, but have almost always been seated immediately; the longest I've had to wait was about 30 minutes on a Saturday afternoon.  If possible, they'll do your manicure and pedicure simultaneously, which saves on the amount of time you're in the chair... which is cushy and warm and all massagey.  The nail technicians are good and work quickly, but I don't ever feel like I'm not getting the level of attention or detail that I want.  They provide complimentary soft drinks, water, or wine while getting your nails done, and if you are not offered a drink, feel free to ask for one.I believe their prices are totally reasonable, and the quality is good.  Manicure/pedicure is $35 (total) and a gel/shellac manicure is $30 (and lasts 2+ weeks, no chips).  The polish selection is expansive, although they are still building out their gel/shellac options.  Closed on Mondays, they are open on Sundays, which is nice to have the extra weekend day option.
2	I made an appointment at Malibu Nails for a Saturday morning to get a pedicure and Shellac manicure.  When I arrived, the receptionist told me that no one put me down in the appointment book, but luckily they weren't busy yet so I didn't have to wait.  As I was looking at nail colors, one of the nail techs kept forcing colors on me that I didn't really like and got kind of annoyed when I wouldn't select those.  I appreciated that they will do your manicure and pedicure at the same time, but as more people came in the manicurist would do a little something on my nails, then leave to do something on someone else's nails, then answer texts and calls on her personal cell phone before she would come back to do mine.  When it came time to do the Shellac polish, she didn't really take her time and I don't think my nails were left under the UV light long enough.  It has only been a week and two of my nails have already chipped and half of the polish on my thumb nail is gone.  The nail tech who did my pedicure did a fantastic job (eek, sorry I don't know their names!).  Long story short, the search continues for a good nail salon!
4	I really loved Malibu Nail.  Tucked into a small plaza right off Central, it was a little tricky to find the first time.  I got stuck in traffic and ended up almost 20 minutes late, which had me apologizing profusely to the receptionist.  Luckily, it wasn't a problem, and I got right in.  The esthetician was very nice, asking me repeatedly if everything felt all right.  I am ticklish on my feet, but she was very accommodating once she caught me giggling like a little school girl.  The spa pedicure, which was $35 (very, very reasonable), included lavender mask, a salt scrub, and a paraffin treatment.  They also did a really great massage on my legs and feet - one of the best I've ever had.  They had a wide selection of colors as well.  The polish on my pedicure lasted for a couple of months without chipping off.The salon itself was clean and inviting.  The staff was also quite nice, conversing a little bit with me, even though there's a bit of a language barrier.  The lady who sat next to me on my visit must have been a regular, because she and her esthetician chatted quite a bit during her whole treatment.  I felt very welcome here.I would definitely come here again.
2	Nope. I don't get it. Having just moved to Charlotte, I was thrilled to find such a highly rated nail place in my new neighborhood. I walked in around 1pm on a Wednesday and the place was empty except for two girls lounging in the massage chair watching movies on ther iPhones. After I finally got one to notice me, I picked a nail color an sat down for my shellac manicure. Maybe things are just done differently in the South, but I probably should have just left once she put cuticle remover on the nails, put my hands in plastic bags and then put them in hand warmers. Super strange, but not as strange as when she took out her phone and started texting while I was just sitting there. After she finally took my hands out an finished my cuticles, I was instructed to actually get up and wash my hands in the sink before we continued. Yes, you heard me correctly. GET UP AND WASH MY HANDS. I had to ask a couple of times in order to really get the point. No hot towel? Strange.The rest of the manicure was just okay. My schellac chipped about 6 days later (I usually get about 9 or 10 with extreme abuse - I'm a softball coach). I wouldn't go back unless I needed an emergency polish change.
5	This salon is very convenient to those who live in the Elizabeth neighborhood. They have steady business but the wait is never too bad. I've only been here 3 times with the last time being over half a year ago, but the minute I sat down, my nail tech Nhi remembered me and asked if I still lived down the street. Wow! I enjoyed my pedi and she shaped the polish of my French tips very nicely. Great customer service and friendly conversation.
1	I came in yesterday for an eyebrow wax and gel pedicure. Never again. The older lady working burned my eyelids with the wax and then I sat soaking in water for an hour before someone was able to get to me. Overall it should have taken an hour for both services and I didn't leave until 2 hours later. Very disappointed with the customer service. The manager knew I waited a long time and did nothing about it. Should have offered something to compensate me for wasted time and a bad experience.
1	I have been a regular at Malibu for 3 years but was very disappointed with my last visit.  They are under new management and would not honor my gift certificate. Also the smell of burning incense was overwhelming.
1	Went to this place despite all the bad Yelp reviews because it was the only place open on a Sunday on Labor Day weekend. This place turned out to be terrible. To start off, they don't have enough color choices. They didn't have the color I wanted but they had something close so I settled for it. I told the girl that I had to go to a wedding so she would be careful. Wrong. She f***ed up my nails. First she cut them too short, on top of that she cut them crooked so she had to file them down even shorter. Speaking of filing, she didn't even smooth them out. I had to file them myself when I got home so they wouldn't have jagged edges and get caught in socks and clothes. To make it worse she got polish all over my cuticles. My nails looked hideous! I should have posted a photo but I was too upset with the whole experience. I was not even escorted to the drying station. I just put my flip flops on myself, walked to the drying station, pulled up a chair and turned on the UV and fans myself. I'm so pissed off I went to this place! I almost felt cheated out of my money for a sub par job that I would have done way better if I had done my nails myself!Update: The owner of this place commented saying that they have over 1000 colors and that the girl who did my nails, it was her last day so she slacked off.However, the comment does not make sense to me. Firstly, I wanted a pearly white. That's like one of the basic colors a nail salon is expected to carry. Heck, I even have it in my nail polish set at home, and I only have 5 basic colors! It's not like I wanted some fancy color that your 1000 shades could not satisfy.Secondly, she said it was the girl's last day so she slacked off, but I did not mention her name, neither did I describe what she looked like, so how are they sure which girl I'm talking about? Besides, it wasn't just about how she did my nails. More than one employee saw me walk over to the drying station and turn on fans and UV lights on my own, but no one thought of helping out. It's the attitude that stinks. I'll just consider my $16 down the drain but there are plenty of good nail salons around the area that have good and courteous service and people that don't try to make excuses for their poor service. I would give them zero stars if I could.
1	I just want to point out that there is a difference between inflammation and being burnt. I would hope that your employees understand that. I get my eyebrows waxed once a month so I know what it should look/feel like.
5	Got a mani/pedi, $35. Nails looked great. Nice selection of colors. Everyone was very friendly. We made an appointment and they were ready for us. Very relaxing. Nice atmosphere. I left and within 5 minutes smudged one finger beyond recognition so I drove back and they very nicely fixed it for me. I will definitely be going back - thank you!
5	An amazing salon experience! Normally I feel rushed and pushed and harassed to upgrade my services. First tome here today and mike did my nails. Got a gel manicure and it's the first time I've never had excess hanging on my skin. Great selection of colors and super, super friendly staff. Enjoyed my complimentary water and awesome manicure :)
5	They are now open 7 days a week, They are also under new management new boss lady said theyre adding 10 more different pedicures and adding little kid pedicure chairs
