5	Best Aveda Salon in Madison!
5	Karla is a hair color GENIUS.   Great prices, big city chic styles.  I switched salons 3 years ago after a friend's recommendation and will never regret.  Brooke & Andrea are awesome also... Karla's my main girl but both have fit me in when I've needed last minute upkeep and would highly recommend anyone there.
5	Best hair salon in Madison! I get my hair cut by Andrea and she always does a great job. The other girls are always very friendly when I come in.
5	This is the best place in Madison, and I have been living here for 9 years. Treat your hair right- don't think twice. Great service, friendly faces. Most importantly, they do great work. They're all great, but ask for Brooke.
5	Absolutely fabulous hair salon in terms of price, staff and results. The women who work here are so welcoming and have some serious skills. I've been going here for about 2 years and wouldn't go anywhere else
5	This place is great!  They get a good mix of students (mostly graduate students) and locals from the area.  I would also say that they cater to almost a 50/50 ratio of men/women.  All of the stylists are friendly and seem to do a great job with all their clients.  I have never heard anyone complain about their hair while I have been there.  Prices are fairly reasonable for a place that does a great job.  I have gotten my hair cut and colored and have always been happy with the results.  I think it should also be noted that they have always started my appointments on time.  I have gone to other salons where you show up for an appointment and the stylist is running behind, this has never been an issue here.
5	I have been going to Paisley Hair Design since they first opened, I am a very picky person and believe in quality.  You cannot go wrong with any of the girls at Paisley, they are all well trained, up to date on trends and really take care of their customers. If you are looking for a new Salon to call home, look no further, you'll look and feel better !
5	It is not always easy to find that perfect haircut reliably. I had to try many different places before finding Paisley and I can say with no hesitation they are the best in Madison. I always go to Brooke and she does an amazing job. They are also pretty affordable for the kind of service you get. Bonus: appointments are easy to make online for the socially awkward alike who hate to talk on the phone.
5	Finally found a hair salon that I will be returning to! It took a year to find, but I am finally satisfied with Paisley.
5	Quick haircut, but very nice. Very cute salon and great staff. Will be coming back again , got my hair cut by Karla who is 46$ for a womens cut which was a tad pricey, but she is great! Love it here :)
4	First off, I must commend Paisley for making the process of setting up an appointment online so simple. Based off of my online booking experience, it seems that the stylists are often booked up well in advance, so if there is a particular stylist you want, be sure to book early! I didn't have a particular preference since I was a first-timer at Paisley, so I just took whatever open slot was available. My stylist for the day was Janna. She was really sweet, and she did a great job with what I asked her to do. When I sat down in her chair, my hair was super uneven and grown-out and Janna helped me even out the sides and fix my layers. I really appreciated that she took extra care in making sure my hair was even, because it had been bugging me for a really long time!I didn't really like the way my hair flipped outwards after it was blow-dried, but it looked really great after I straightened it! For $36 + tip, I got a better hair cut than I expected.
