5	Best
2	Well shit, all good things must come to an end and I suppose favorite Indian restaurants are no exception. Maharana, isnt entirely bad ( good service, clean space food entirely worth 2 stars) but absolutely make no mistake, this place is not as good as the place that was here, that rhymes with Maharana. Its very obvious they are cutting corners on ingredients where previous restaurant may not have. Oddly enough we really noticed in the desserts. Rice pudding a little to cloyingly sweet, Gulab oddly metallic flavored. What was offered on the rest of the buffet was good, but again just a little less richly flavored than our party had been accustomed to. I hate to say it, but we will be moving on from our regular stop here. I hear there are a fair amount of Indian restaurants in Madison!I
3	This place was really just okay.Service was okay. Could have been better but it was decent. I was rather disappointed with the naan. It was super salty and I was pretty close to sending it back but I preserved and finished it. My eggplant dish was good. And there was plenty of rice to go around.They deliver around Madison, which is a plus.
4	The buffet was really worth it.  Some of the dishes are wonderfully flavored.  Some are a little bland.  Their mango ice cream is very good, but the mango lassi could do without the whipped cream.  Very attentive staff.  Curry here is not very spicy but has a nice mixture of spices.
5	Have done carry out twice now and both times quality of food has been very good, service has been incredibly friendly and efficient, and each time I've gotten a mango ice cream bonus, which is delicious!  I like that I can order a chicken vindaloo medium hot, and it's delicious and plenty hot to be flavorful.  I ordered hot once and, well, it was hot!  Medium it is for me.  I hate when I order medium or hot and get bland food with little spice, not the case here.  Chicken was tender and plentiful, potatoes perfectly done, sauce was excellent. I love rice, but hate when it's over or under cooked. The basmati here was perfectly cooked. What really stands out for me, besides the food, is the friendly staff. Just incredibly nice, attentive, and friendly.  Rarely do I find such truly friendly stride anywhere. I find myself walking out with a smile on my face because of it.  Happy to have this place close by.
1	Wow. So they were open on Thanksgiving which was awesome. However, the food was meh. There were a few vege options, the food tasted mediocre. I would not eat here again if my life depended on it. There is so much better (like Sawad). The wall next to our table needed work - the corner was so banged up, the drywall was was coming off. There were mysterious brown stains on the wall next to me, hanging dust lines from the ceiling (have you ever been to First Ave in Minneapolis? Yea, it was like that) and it was just dirty inside. The table cloths under the glass were also stained. Save your money and go elsewhere.
