5	Danielle is awesome!! I've found her on FB by her amazing Ombre before and after pics. After becoming a new mom and wanting a new style, I went in for a major change, from long hair to super short including  full colour! Let me tell you, I was not disappointed one bit. I have since gone back 3 times in the last 9 months and have been satisfied each and every time.
5	I recently moved to Arizona about 8 months ago.(Okay, maybe not too 'recently.') I hadn't had a stylist or anyone I trusted with my hair in about 5 years until I met Danielle. She was nothing but pleasant and smiles when I showed up for my first appointment, and finally gave me hope about my bland and albeit a bit dead hair. I walked out of that appointment feeling AMAZING. I got a full color (green -- woo!) which not only took her several hours to complete, but she also cut it and styled it for me, all without complaint and fun and light conversation. She answers all my questions, gives me tips and advice, and I feel she genuinely likes to be styling my hair while she's doing it. (It seems like that should be a given, but you'd be amazed at how many hair dressers just seem rushed to get on to the next client.) Your experience there is amazing, personable, and you find a friend for life. I HIGHLY recommend seeing Danielle for all your hair needs. Especially if you're looking to do something alternative and wild. She's #1!
5	Simply put, Hair or Dye is to dye for. The salon itself is located in a quaint boutique store with tons of personality and flair. It is the perfect backdrop for the salon.Danielle is a great stylist who makes you feel welcome from the moment you step foot in the door. She provided a great consultation and really made me feel comfortable with my hair color selection. She even predicted the compliments I was going to get! I was nervous changing from basically brunette to red but she assured me that it was going to look great and helped me pick (ok, she did all the picking) the right shade. She saw me get nervous when the color mixed in the bowl was pink, so she talked me through the process and exactly how it was going to settle in my hair and the change that would occur after drying. I mean, she really eased my mind when other stylists would have just brushed me off.When she spoke about hair, you could tell that not only did she know what she was talking about, but she loved her job. I would recommend this salon to anyone and everyone. My only hesitation is that once the word gets out about this fabulous hairdresser, she is going to be booked up so fast that I will have to start scheduling my appointments in advance. :)
5	I went here because I needed a place that would know how to handle coloring hair different colors. Jeska put in streaks of pink and purple and they are awesome! I got a hair cut too and she did it exactly how I wanted it. The place is adorable too with lots of original artwork, and in a funky area. The girls are all super nice and relaxed, it felt more like hanging out with friends than anything else, which was awesome. It's not a snooty, upscale place. If you like those places, go there. This is an alternative, offbeat, colorful place. It's a great business concept and I'll definitely be returning for everything my hair needs. The prices are awesome too, even I felt like it was fair, and I'm a cheapskate.
5	I love going to see Danielle at Hair or Dye, she is amazing at fun alternative colors. I went to her when I had dark almost black hair and wanted to do fun colors, she helped me do it right so I didn't ruin my hair. At first she did amazing bright red and I loved it, then I wanted to go purple and she colored my hair an amazing purple. I love it!! She really takes her time and loves what she does and it shows! If you are looking for amazing color or a great hair cut this is the place to go.
5	Hair goddess!!My hair was totally damaged 8 different colors and really in need or some serious love, I honestly didn't think it could be done. Danielle did it- she was really patient took her time and was fine with spending close to 7 hours to fix my do just to make sure it was done right!! I would happily recommend her to anyone!!
5	If you want bright or different hair Hair or Dye is the best Place in AZ. Danielle The owner hooked my hair up with a beautiful red. She knew exactly what I wanted and she did it in the least damaging way she actually cared thy my hair stay in my head. The salon is located with a boutique and pretty much at gallery so whole you wait to be prodded your not bored and you can buy cute jewelry clothes and beautiful art. thank you I will be back every 4 weeks!
1	I was excited to try out this salon, because of all of the great reviews. I did see one where their messages were never returned, but I still gave it a try. Unfortunately, I got the same service as the other reviewer, I called (which seems to be the persons cell phone) left a message with my info and asked to schedule an appointment. Never hear back.... Which in the end is for the best because I found a great new salon with great customer service and even better stylist.
