4	Hidden in the corner of a strip mall near Food 4 Less is an unassuming Ethiopian restaurant.  The red-yellow-green signage illuminates the restaurant's name and it's cuisine.Walking in, this was probably one of the nicest Ethiopian restaurants in town.  The modern furniture immediately sets the tone, along with a bar on the right and a small stage area in the back.On a Saturday night, we were the only customers.  We weren't concerned though because our previous experiences at other Ethiopian restaurants have always left us in the minority.Queen of Sheba's menu is very limited - with only 15 items.  Of course, we knew exactly what we wanted and they definitely had it.#4. Kitfo "Lean red chopped beef minced, blended and delicately seasoned in hot spice." ($8.99)  We made a point of saying we wanted it raw, and again, the eyebrows were raised.  And when it arrived, it was slightly warmed and tasted just divine.  The portion was quite generous and we agreed, this was probably the best kitfo we've had so far! #13. Vegetarian Combo "A combination of split lentil peas, cabbage and potatoes/carrots and fresh salad." ($8.99)  It arrived with green and red lentils, yellow beans, steamed cabbage, and string beans.  The waitress asked if we wanted cheese, which we definitely did, and we also asked for the red chili powder.  There wasn't any 'fresh salad', but we could care less because their red and green lentils were so good here.  They had good spices mixed in, and we were loving it. The yellow beans were really good too.  The string beans and steamed cabbage are okay, as they were the same as the other restaurants.  We agreed that they do their legumes really well here, and probably would just order a plate of the red lentils on its own, or even the green lentils or yellow beans.Service was fine - one waitress who took care of us the whole time.  She was pleasant, but we had some language barriers about ordering water which eventually worked itself out.  She came by to check on us and brought out more injera when she saw we were getting low.  The bathrooms could use a bit of a cleanup, the men's room smelled like urine and the women's room had graffiti and lacked toilet paper and paper towels.  Overall, Queen of Sheba is one of our fave Ethiopian restaurants of the five we tried.  With their limited menu, it may be challenging for newbies.  But they offer the staples we like, and we'll probably return when we crave raw beef!Per their website, they offer live reggae on Friday nights.
2	The food is authentic but I have had better Ethiopian food. Not sure what the other options in Vegas are - but try awash in Los Angeles. That is in a league of it's own and after eating there this place first not stack up. I would not come back here.
2	I'm always on the hunt for a new restaurant and ethnic dining is my default so I thought I'd try Queen of Sheba on a Saturday afternoon.I was one of only two other tables of diners, so I thought the service would be attentive and efficient. Boy was I wrong! After seating myself, I waited for a glass of water and a menu. Then I waited for the waitress to wander back over so I could place my order. And luckily for me, I'm familiar with Ethopian food because the waitress was not forthcoming about specials, suggestions, etc. In fact, she barely spoke at all. At this point it's been about twenty minutes, and I've just now ordered and still have nothing to drink. It look another 45 minutes for them  to cook my veggie combo, during which time no one refilled my drink or offered an explanation for the wait.The food itself was okay, but by the time it arrived, I was ready to just call it quits and go to Taco Bell. I understand it's not fast food nor 5 star dining, but it shouldn't take and hour and a half for a simple lunch, especially when the place is deserted. The food may be okay, but the service is the worst.
3	We went in there really late at night. Our waitress didn't speak English, so she didn't know what a fork was. The atmosphere is awesome though. Really beautiful and elegant restaurant. This is probably the nicest Ethiopian restaurant in town. Food is authentic and it's also eaten traditionally. The menu is quite small however, and it looks out of place because it isn't fancy looking like the rest of the restaurant. There's a full bar, and a little stage area in the back. It's ambiance is dark and it looks like there could be a dance floor. The music played is of course Ethiopian and it's sometimes played too loud.
4	We popped in for lunch on a Friday and shared the meat and vegetarian platters.  This was my first exposure to Ethiopian fare and I was very pleased!  That being said, I am not qualified to rate their food against other establishments but I have absolutely no complaints.  The flavors were robust, the meat tender and the service average.  The ambiance was that of a "hole in the wall" or "hidden gem;" dimly lit with black chairs.  The dining area and bar are combined in a "great room" layout.  Apparently they have live bands too as there is a small stage near the back of the room.
3	I am normally not open to try foods that I have not had before, mainly because I hate wasting my money. I use to have an ethiopian friend who introduced me to there culture. I am a fan of spicy food, so I was willing to try it. When I first seen the injera, it scared me, it looked like a huge sponge. I ordered the tibs, with the cayenne pepper sauce. I think it's pretty good. I think Ethiopian food is an aquired taste, my friends thinks it's gross, but you have to open up your mind a bit before you can try it. :)
3	I need to return to try other stuff. I only got a quick lunch to go-ground beef and egg. IHOP you got nothing on this flavor. So good.I did return I got what the menu said was veggies and homemade cheese. The waitress asked if I wanted egg on it to I said yes. Unfortunately when the meal come the was no homemade cheese on it which was the only reason I ordered it. Again I got the meal to go so I could ask what happened to the cheese.
3	Every week I find myself exploring this area a little more. Especially during breakfast time, because my schedule is on the sporadic side with big gaps in between. I was surprised and delighted to find an Ethiopian restaurant tucked away in the corner of this lot. Peeking around some greenery, I saw their open sign was lit. Walking in, it was dark with two women standing behind the bar. My initial reaction was to inquire if they really were open. They assured me they were ready for business and I was ready to eat. I usually wake up right in time to make a made dash to the gym for class. Although I was hungry, I didn't want anything too heavy or something that would offset all my hard work. I ended up with a plate of scrambled eggs with jalapenos, tomatoes, green peppers, and onions. It comes with six half pieces of bread to everything up. It was filling but light enough so that I could go to yoga afterwards.Ethiopian food is one of those cuisines that allow you to eat with your hands. Even eggs are devoured this way. At first, the warm mushiness was odd, but I refused to touch the fork. I just have to worry about walking into a western breakfast joint and tearing into my omelets like this now. The service was attentive, but very relaxed. I was the only person in the restaurant, but it took a while for my food to come out. I need to come back for lunch or dinner some time to try out the other items. I just worry about whether or not I could do this on a time restraint.
4	We were heading to the Indian place in the same strip mall but they were closed. We parked so I could look up the address of another Ethiopian place I had read about on the other side of town but saw this place and figured we are hear, might as well try it out.The food was SUPER flavorful (I am compairing it to places we have ate at in Ca (Little Ethiopia)The red lental was a bit on the spicy side (according to my son) however he still sucked it all down.Everything was delish!It was clean and the staff was friendly, we will be back!Yet another place to add to our Vegas list (we hate dealing with the strip when we have to make a stop over)Just a few FYI for people (kinda responding to some of the yelps I read)*Other nationalities wait staff do not crawl up your ass or rush as the US does so just go with it...service wil be at a slower pace...enjoy your food and the experiance. If you want fast go to Mc Donalds, if you want super peppy crawl up your ass for a tip go to Chili's...just saying....*Would you go into a Mexican resturaunt asking for chop sticks? I didnt think so. Don't ask for utensils at a place where they dont use them....that's what hands and injera are for
2	Food is good.  It can have a very...ominous, almost...crowd there (in the dark hall by the (very clean) bathroom, was approached by a dealer), but not unsafe at all.HOWEVER, I have been there 3 times.  I have NEVER gotten what I ordered.  I ordered vegetarian, was told I really wanted the lamb. Um, no. I want vegetarian.  I got what I think was chicken.  My friend ordered the lamb, got kitfo.  They SWORE there was no mix up in orders and would not take it back.  I'm not vegetarian so ate it, and it was very good, but don't get too attached to what you want to order.
3	Pretty good!
