4	I have been tanning here since high school. Some employees can be a little pushy when it comes to selling packages, points & lotions. But overall the staff here is great. I used to pay for the unlimited monthly packages in the regular beds, but after a while I stopped getting color out of them so I canceled it & just started buying points. Beds range from about 40-70 points per visit. The Ellipse, Powerhouse & Ergoline 600/650 are my favorite beds to use. Last week I bought 1,000 points & an awesome new lotion I can't wait to use. They also let you split the payments, so I am paying half next Friday & the other half two Fridays from then, I love that you can do that. I prefer the Tatum & Shea location, but this location is closer to my house so I frequent it the most.
1	Once you try to cancel your membership GOOD LUCK TO YOU. I tried to cancel over the phone, but it is their "policy" for YOU to drive to their store to cancel. Since it was ONE day past th day that they charge, I had to pay $22 even though I would not use that month since I was cancelling... I tried not to chew out the girl behind the counter, & I paid the money so I could leave. NOW they have overdrafted my old bank account for THIS month, even though I went in store and have it in writing that my membership is cancelled. Not only am I writing this review, but I am going to report them to the Better Business Bureau because they have now TAKEN $42 of my money & I refuse to let them get away with this.RESOLUTION:This issue happened a few months ago, and one of the managers helped me in getting the amount refunded to my account. There is no doubt that their policies & account system needs to be updated, but I am glad that the managerial staff stepped in and took care of me once I informed them of this issue. However, I will not return as a customer.
2	Not sure what kind of service one would get at these ProTan USA places for their Infrared body wraps.... Tried to schedule an appointment Friday and was told to call back. I wasn't asking for a Friday appointment - merely wanted to schedule one for a future date. There was no explanation.... the person who answered the phone just said, "I'm not scheduling appointments today. You'll need to call back tomorrow." I'll look around for this service with other facilities - hopefully there'll be a few who want the business. Apparently ProTan does not.
