4	Sams Club is like the poor cousin that Costco never wanted to introduce.  The truth is that Sams club has great products and is slightly cheaper than Costco, I'm a fan of both.Costco tends to have higher end products, Sams tends to have great generic brand names at very competitive prices.  I have a membership to both and like yo yoing back and forth between the two.  Costco is excellent with it's organic products, pretty hard to match, of course the sampling is kick ass.  If you want to save some benjamins, it's Sams, if you want quality products at great prices it's Costco, both great places, servicing two different needs.
3	I'm not a member here, but I took my neighbor shopping here.  It appears to be a nice enough discount warehouse store.  The only thing that really got me was that they had to take all four bags of 40 pound water softener salt out of our cart and move it to another.  It seems such a stupid waste of effort.
5	Got a free cookbook about a month ago and wanted to get one for my mom who is in town. I called to ask if I could buy it and Cheryl was so nice, told me to come in today and she would give me one!
4	going to a BBQ?? this is the places to pick up your stuff..
4	We've been here a few times in the past month- it was pretty busy on those occasions. This location has a gas station. And yes, you will get asked questions inside upon entry (I call it the "swapmeet hustle"- did you hear about our such-and-such promotion?). As usual, the place is organized, well-stocked, and clean.On our most recent trip, we bought strawberries for $2.93 and a dessert for a friend's get-together nearby. It was in and out within 10 minutes with relative ease, though it was busy around that time (dinner time). Checkout was fast and the cashier was nice/friendly. Overall, this is great place to shop- for food (some prices are hard to beat), electronics, gifts, etc. I also noticed that there is a bigger asian customer base here, considering the area is near Chinatown and Koreatown. Also, the cafe part is usually always pretty packed with patrons (the food used to make the Best of Las Vegas list).Don't forget to keep that receipt out for the rep to check off at the exit door.
4	Good prices, great place to pick up my vitamins which I take faithfully every day.  The Sam's brand, is quality stuff, just as good compared to GNC and prices are better here.  I like looking around especially with the change in seasons, they put out new stuff and it's fun to see what's new.  Prices are good, but you might not need 3 boxes of brownie mix, so be ware, you can over spend, and over buy.  If you have the shelf space, then no problem, right?
1	i was going to get a membership since i had one the last time i lived in vegas and it was great (07) however the store has changed so much... everything that i used to like is now gone... they used to have killer black angus roast beef-goneoreida mozzarella sticks-gonebakers and chefs penne and pickles- gonenathans hot dogs- gonenot to mention that all the prices are ridic high compared to say food4less or marianas or cardenas market....maybe ill check out costco, def not worth it...OOOOO and one other side note.... they sell "nathans" hot dogs in there food court but dont have them in the store? and there is nooooooo way in.... that those are nathans hot dogs.... trust me. overall overpriced, not worth it, and crappy.
4	Excellent prices and a good selection of products. Click N Pull ordering system allows customers to pre-order dry goods. You order and the order can be ready as soon as the next day. Its glorious for those of us who dislike searching for items in the store, or for those who need to stay on a budget.Note: there are a lot of seasonal items, if you want something seasonal (IE, down comforters in fall) and see it at the store purchase it right then! Odds are good next time it wont be there.
3	Much less crowded than Costco, but lack the customer service.  They really heckle people for their membership here when entering.  Prices are decent and you don't have to buy bulk size (Milk is individual vs. Costco 2 pack).  Food court offers good hotdog and a bigger drink cup than Costco.  Pizza is actually much better tasting than Costco and is a bit cheaper, but the size is a bit smaller as well.  They offer shakes and pretzels which is different than Costco.  It's a change.Parking is easy (big lot). On-site gas station.
3	It's a Sam's Club.  What can you say.Like everywhere else, it's regionally stocked.  What I mean is that it actually stocks some of their items based on geographical region.   For example, the liquor sales would not happen in most other parts of the country but is a common thing here.Outside of that, it's pretty same-ol' same-ol' when it comes to Sam's Clubs.  Most warehouses actually have their household goods placed on the right as you walk in but with this particular location, they place coffee makers right in the middle-back.  It's an interesting floor placement.  Maybe people here don't buy household goods as much?Everything else seemed pretty norm for a Sam's Club.
1	My dad bought a club card and added me to the account, I went in to get my own card and the place was 3/4 empty, people were leaving with only 1 or 2 items in their carts, I had to wait 20 min in line to get my card (which I didn't understand because there was very little business going on)  This place is completely opposite of costco.  It's amazing how different the crowds are and what people were buying.  It's apparent that people didn't like what sams club had to offer or their prices since they were buying very very little. Yet when I goto costco it's PACKED and lots of food samples and FULL carts at check out.  Several check out lanes were closed too (just like walmart) I myself didn't even buy anything at sams club that day.  I could care less if I ever go back.
5	I always have a great experience here. They have everything I use and there pricing is decent and usually in line with Costco. They have a couple of elderly people who do receipt checks at the exit and sometimes there pretty grumpy. One of them indirectly accused my wife of stealing a child's jacket that was ours.She kept asking for the receipt for it and we explained to her that we brought the jacket in with us and that its my sons. She then said okay wheres the receipt for it. Again we told her there is no receipt because its ours. Can understand why she thought we had to pay for it. The jacket is in moderate condition. My kids are really hard on clothes and it definitely wouldn't pass for new.Finally gave up and kept walking.
4	This one is a bit busier than the other locations I go to. I don't really buy bulk on junk food BS but there are a few things that make a club membership worth it. If you have allergies, it is way cheaper to get the 100 pill packs here of allegra, claritin, zyrtec. (Think $25 is maybe 30 pills at the store, the 100pack is $35 here). They also have generics, but don't know how effective theirs is. Other things - toilet paper, bounty paper rolls, laundry soap. Foodwise, bread, veggies, meat, and cheeses are decent. I do use bottled water, and theirs is the cheapest. And electronics is worth getting at Sams as they have decent coverage and a lax return policy as well. Plus is it's right by my work, if I really need anything this is the most convenient location.
3	I was not as impressed with Sam's Club as I thought I'd be. They are a lot like Costco but with more Walmart-quality items. This is where I'd belong if I cared more about bulk savings than the quality of the items. Not that they sell junk. I just prefer the higher quality Costco.
2	I have a hard time giving this even two stars as the first impression they made on me was pretty poor.My boyfriend has been wanting a Sam's Club membership, even though we have another wholesale membership elsewhere that I prefer. He insists that the junk food/frozen food selection is far superior here at Sam's, and seeing as how he is the only purchaser of such items in the house, I had to take his word for it. So after months of griping about the lack of selection at my choice of store, I break down and buy him a membership here.The reason for the two stars is the service we received when going in to buy a membership. Seems like it should be a pretty fast or at least a welcoming experience. Nope. Waited about 8 minutes for the man in front of us to be done, since he had all three clerks helping him over some confusion. After that bit was settled, the clerks chatted amongst themselves for a moment before inviting us the register. Process was fairly standard, except the lady who was setting us up moved us to four different computers during the enrollment. She also got exasperated when I told her it would be in my boyfriend's name even though I was the purchaser. Not sure why that was any trouble?The man next to me wasn't having a much better time just trying to renew his membership. He didn't have his card, so she needed to know if he needed a new one or a temporary one. He just wanted to renew his membership. This back and forth went on for a while until he just got frustrated and told her to do whatever it was she needed to do to make it work so he could get his membership. It was a rough day for all of us, apparently.After the grumpy service we left without doing any shopping, but the boyfriend was happy with the ridiculous picture he'd taken for his membership card. Expect Walmart service, since this is owned by the same company. I added an extra star for the "great" frozen food selection of major brands.. service leaves a lot to be desired.
2	I can never find any employees around the store when I need help with something. I went in last week to buy a mattress, tv, and sound system. Coundn't find anyone to help me with the mattresses so I had to pull it down myself, and I needed help choosing a sound system they had a display for but I couldn't find it in the box, so they lost a sale there. Its just absurd to have a huge store and have no employees around to help.
4	I recently opened a business membership here. In the last week, I have shopped here twice. I am thrilled with the variety of items they sell. I purchased a great new serving buffet platter station that I can not wait to use. I was disappointed they did not sell Dasani water in bulk like the usual Walmart because this is the brand I prefer. Although, I found their off-brand water acceptable in taste. It is the blue package marked 10 cents a bottle. The only downsides? They do not accept Amex :( and I happened to be starving and the only healthy options they serve at the deli/food court is a prepackaged bacon salad that looks plain and extremely boring. Come pre-fed.
5	I just love the new greeter, Katie, she is so nice!
4	How do you rate a Sams club? They are basically all the same. I guess I like sams cause the deals, samples, I have never met one rude person who worked here, have been to sams clubs all over the USA, & have been going to sams since I was little, I'm 25 now, I mean I use to go with my mother to sams. Have to give them bonus points for customer service. They are always helpful, & kind.
4	I always go in there and spend way more then I planned and buy stuff I really do not need at all!
4	I come to Sam's Club often, but mostly to fill up gas. I know everyone says that gas is cheaper at Costco, but there is just no way I'm going to wait an hour just to get it. In fact, I didn't renew my Costco membership because I am never there and find the place to be stressful and overcrowded.Therefore, I like Sam's Club because it feels more relaxing. The crowds aren't as bad as Costco, I can actually get what I need without bumping into everyone and the lines for the cashiers are never very long and move quickly. Also, this place is clean and organized. We are a small family, so I usually don't buy much, other than bottled water, Gatorade, gum/mints, a few canned goods, and fruit. However, I do love that when I come here, I can get in and out fast!Customer service doesn't really exist here, other than the cashiers. But its fine with me because the entire store is pretty much self explanatory. The few things that I hate about this place is:-when the cashiers ask about upgrading your membership. You tell them "no" and yet they keep bothering you about it. Look, No means No, don't try to convince me otherwise!-I really wish the Cafe wasn't right in front of the registers. It gets crowded and everyone parks their carts next to the tables while eating, making it difficult for the customers at the registers to leave. Plus, no one wants to move their carts out of the way. Ugh! Stop blocking the area, I just want to go home!-Not Sam's Club's fault, but there is one employee who checks your receipt on your way out. Sometimes customers will stand there talking story with this employee. Really? Hello!! There is a line in back of you. Can we please be courteous to others here? LOLOverall, worth the $40 membership fee. Although they did raise the fees a few months ago. Next year it will be $45. :(
2	This location sucks. Rude and unfriendly employees on multiple occasions. Their selection of food is easily rivaled by the 215 & Rainbow location.
4	My sweet hubby was spontaneous one day and decided we shall go check out what Sam's club has to offer! We did just that and signed up for our membership! This store has a lot of goodies and we really enjoyed grabbing lunch there as well.Where else can you get two jumbo Nathan's polish sausage and drink for $2.50? Also two yummy slices of pizza and a drink (unlimited refills) for $2.50?Yes they have an Awesome and inexpensive snack bar to enjoy for all hungry shoppers!We enjoyed a quick lunch there after browsing up and down the isles of different goodies!I am sure glad we have a deep freezer!We really enjoy Sam's Club!
2	well, what i can tell you about this location. one word dishonest!this location had many many issues, the service is terrible, the store manager (David) looks nice, but operate like he is in the open market.their staff is OK and less, service can be better.kudos to Abby who make the place better.OK, the biggest draw for any supermarket is the produce, here they run like an idiots!each produce sitting well over a week in the back (employee telling me this and more!) when it comes out to the shelf, in a day max. two its bad as bad can be.they have so many returns of produce it isn't funny anymore.they have bad apples, mango slice, watermelon and oranges that just sit there and rot and you know when one is bad in a bag then all the bag is bad as well.if you buy keep the receipt since you will need it to return it back!milk and dairy products are changing price weekly, chocolate milk went from 2.90$ to all the way to 3.33$ in less than 2 months, that apply to other products as well!to me its very simple, the store isn't profitable, so therefore David the store manager increasing the pricing and trying to sell everything that isn't good.that not why i bought membership, that one will cheat and be dishonest and operates location like he is in the open market.get your act together there and start treating people nicer and bring better quality products and produce!
5	This Sam's Club has been here for as long as I can remember, and thats about 1994. So its been here for at least 20 years. Same for the Walmart next door but of course, both have gone through renovations :PFirst of all, the only thing that comes to mind, in comparison to the Arroyo location, only this one has the Prego Spaghetti Sauce (pack of 2) as well as Pineapple Juice (pack of 3). Those are the two things i've looked for at the other location, but for some reason, only this location had. This location serves me pretty well. Haven't had much trouble. Parking is fine. Stuff is usually stocked. If not, for some rare reason, it's close enough to come back another time. Prices are great for the most part and is nice to be buying in bulk anyway. Saves trips to the store. Their gas is cheaper than a lot of places nearby but unfortunately i dont use american gas XD yet... *whistles* Like all other Sam's Club, it only accepts Discover, and not Visa ! This is what most of my discover card usage goes to.
4	I can't say I'm always an advocate of their parent company, Wal-Mart Stores, Inc., however I'm a fan of Sam's Club. A standard annual membership is $45 and worth every penny for most households with 2 or more people. They also offer a Plus membership ($100) that allows you early access and additional discounts and savings. I tried their Plus membership for a few months, but didn't benefit from it at all. Anyway, you can add a second member for free and additional members are a fraction of the initial fee.I don't have many qualms about Sam's Club or have a preference for any of their locations other than pure convenience. So, right now my club choice is the one located near the corner of Rainbow Blvd and 215-West. This Spring Mountain location used to be the most convenient when my family's residence was in the vicinity, so it was primarily frequented. Now, it's become a place to simply fill up gas. It tends to be cheaper than its other Southwest counterpart, so if I'm in the area or with my parents, this is where we stop. I couldn't tell you the typical price difference, however, it's enough to make it worthwhile, though not enough to drive out of your way.In any case, the consistently cheaper gas prices and low membership fees will definitely keep me coming back.
1	Don't buy the Silver Spur Babyback Ribs OMG. Shitty wouldn't even feed my dog these. They are like eating rubber boot. In fact a rubber boot would be a lot better. Don't do it buy something else they suck. Drop Tyson Foods for distributing them.
4	A huge bag of asparagus for only $4?! Big bags of chips for only $3 that usually will cost you $4 a bag..?! I love shopping at Sam's Club! Its so cheap, good quality and you don't need to come back shopping for probably another month or so depending on what you buy. Oh.. and who does not love FREE SAMPLES?! I'll get hungry during shopping and the samples will fill me up! If I am still hungry... jumbo hotdogs and a drink will cost me less than $3!!!
4	Getting my tires rotated on a Saturday morning.  Gotta love the business or plus membership. Since I can come in as early as 7am.  No lines no crowd just a few people here shopping.One quick tip. Best place to come stock up early before going out of town.  Love it!45 Minutes later tires rotated as promised by Benny and I still have the rest of my morning, unlike other tire shop where your there for HOURS!I had membership to Sams and Costco.  When comparing both, I enjoyed Sam's a lot more since you don't have the overly rude customers that are always in a rush and trying to run you and your kids over. (This does not pertain to all customers).   Employees are all the same.  Bigger aisle is always a win in my book.
4	TLDR: busy parking lot; plentiful sample stands; excellent food counter; good customer serviceSam's Club provides a unique membership experience, unless you purchased that plus package that allows you exclusive shopping times and coupons galore. If you were a business owner, I would recommend purchasing he upgrade; otherwise, stick to the standard membership level. The parking lot is always busy. I recommend parking away from the cart corrals. If you go inside, there'll be enough samples for the family. And if you want a bite to eat, there may be a wait, but it'll be worth it. Who doesn't want a piece of pizza that's actually comprised of 2 slices. The employees are very friendly and provide excellent customer service and know what they're doing when they touch food, unlike some places. But most of the employees, excluding the receipt highlighter lady, are very friendly. I'm not sure what it is, but these people never smile. Maybe they have a heart condition so I'll forgive them :)
2	Been going here since it opened. Really limit what I buy because Costco has items that is much better.  Hate the way they treat their employees but all Walmart owned stores are like that. Talk Union and you're fired!  Biggest issue is the store needs a major update. When I can I'll go to the store on Rainbow and 215 just because it's cleaner and better layout
3	SAMs club hire more parking lot attendant and less seniors to stand around and watch people go in and out. I would have given SAMs more stars if they took better care of there parking lot. The last time I was there I saw a persons brand new BMW get by stray shopping carts, left by lazy patrons. ( I am guilty of this myself )
1	This place doesn't even deserve one star. I often wonder why I even bother going here... The place is absolutely DISGUSTING! I stopped in yesterday to pick up some hot-dogs from the food court and had to wait in line for about 35 minutes. One person at the register seemed totally high and out of it was working the register and filling the orders. I could see a girl making pizzas in the back and another guy kicking boxes out of the freezer/fridge.. not once did either of them stop what they were doing to offer any help and the person at the checkout didnt holler back for any help either. The counter where you get the ketsup and mustard and such was totally FILTHY and sticky with trash all over it, nothing had been wiped down and the same for the drink machines...filthy. I wonder why they dont do a Dirty Dining at this place? They would have to shut this place down for sure! It just hit me... Sams is owned by Walmart... why should I expect good service?
4	I'm glad this location is close to my pad. WooHoo!!!!!
2	Slow slow slow check out. Selection is poor and check out is super slow.
1	Went today to find a turkey and peanut oil, well they sold out.  Who the hell is the buyer for this location?  Your out of turkey s 4 days before Thanksgiving?  Boy are you dumb. I'll be rethinking my business membership next year.
1	Worst attitude from the person who was checking customers' recipients. She was located left corner of exit with small warmer/heater and small black cushion pallet. She never moved her feet for the customers. All customers including me tried to go to her place to check their recipients. I saw that some customers was dumbfounded about her attitude because they smiled bitterly. She was happy today's evening with heater and cushioned pallet,  but customers.
