5	The atmosphere here is different from every vape shop in the city. Scott is an incredibly welcoming host and their staff is exceptionally knowledgeable. It's a great place to hang out as well, and is quickly becoming my favorite place to go when I'm in need of vaping supplies.
5	I've been a smoker for 15+ years (YEEESH). I'm tired of it...but I love it. This is the dilemma most of us smokers face. I've been toying with the idea of quitting since my 30th birthday, but haven't been able to pull it off. I heard about Scott and his store, Puff Vapors, from a friend, so I decided to check it out.The first thing I noticed was that this isn't your normal "smoke" shop (or "vape" shop, as it were): nice, fluffy leather couches, aromas of exotic fruits, and lots of friendly people socializing. Brandon, the gentleman behind the counter was friendly. I told him what I was there for and he gave me several options for a first time vaper (sp?). Soon, Scott, the owner came out and happily talked to me about the advent of vaping. I had lots of questions (is it safe? can I lower my nicotine in increments? Is it more expensive than smoking?). Scott answered these with an affirmative and even backed his answers up with Harvard studies! This a man who believes in his product and it shows.We then ventured to the part of the counter where you can sample all his flavors. There are a ton! They even have a cigarette flavored one, which was very exciting for me because I don't really like all the tooti fruiti ones...just plain tobacco. By the way, they have a "Cigaro Cubano" flavor which is delicious! Scott suggested that I get a flavor I'm used to and then something different that I can try. I chose turkish-menthol and coffee flavors. They have a variety of different vaping apparatuses at varying price points, but since I'm new, I chose the starter kit, which comes with two of everything (flavors, rechargeable batteries, etc). It's $70 bucks. I also want to add that you can buy any of the flavors nicotine free which is nice.I'm sold. I loved this place. If you're trying to quit smoking, but can't seem to, this may be the option for you. Don't take my word for it though. Go see Scott. He'll be happy to tell you all about it.
5	Drove all the way across town to check this spot out since my sister recommended coming here and they have crazy flavors. I'm not much of a smoker but decided to get a vapor anyway. The staff was very friendly. They have two stations where you can sit and taste the different flavors they offer. Plus it was a pretty good deal $25 for 3 flavors and if you need a starter vapor prices start from $25 and up. The flavors I decided to buy were crunch berry, cheesecake, and toro rouge.
5	I just got home with my new flavors I  vaping the raze berry lemonade I asked for extra flavor to be added and this is the best e juice I have ever had. I have been vaping for a year and I am very happy that I stopped here today. I didn't get the girls name that made my juice but she is awesome she gave me exactly what I asked for. Everyone including Scott were super nice the young man at the counter was dealing with a difficult older customer and he handled it very well better then what I would have done I am going to tell everyone I know about how great you guys are keep up the good work and please don't change customer service is huge to me and you guys rank at the top
5	LOVE THIS SHOP!!! These guys are AWESOME!!! sooooo helpful A+++++ on customer service and satisfaction! They custom blend the juice on site. All the flavors are SUPER YUMMY especially my favorite pink star. I am a dedicated customer for life. I will continue to spend my money here, they are worth every penny! A very relaxed and comfortable shop. They offered to fix my old battery for me, these guys truly know the business they are in. If your new to vaping they will make sure you are comfortable and knowledgeable about the products you buy, and to me, that alone is priceless.
4	omg.. i'm in love with the root beer floatin ....
5	Best place to go for all your vaping needs. The staff is very friendly and knowledgable   They are also willing to answer any questions that you may have. Scott and Conrad made me feel very welcome from the second I walked in. Please stop by this place and support them.
5	I am very happy I stumbled upon Puff Vapors! Conrad and the staff are very knowledgeable on the subject of vapors! Definitely check this place out first before going anywhere else. The prices are right and all your questions will be answered.
5	I am THRILLED to have such a high quality vapor store by my house!  Their liquids are AWESOME and they don't add alcohol!  Their staff is very knowledgeable and helpful. The store is chic and clean. I highly recommend their Red Vines flavor. Delish!!!!
5	I highly recommend this place! The service was amazing! Scott and Randy overloaded me with info on vaping. I am new to vaping and they steered me into the right direction. They were not in a rush to make a sale and they genuinely want the customer to be satisfied and to become regulars. I will going back for sure!
5	Puff Vapors is our vape shop away from home. We love Vegas and discovered Puff Vapors thru Yelp. My wife and I have been to many vape shops and Puff Vapors is unique, because they make there own e-juice. Their flavors are amazing and they will even mix flavors for you (ex. Snickers, cheesecake, and made a Snickers Cheesecake YUM!) they will also make any of their juices in all VG blend. They have excellent prices and great inventory and their outstanding  customer service brings it all together. It's our favorite vape shop when were in Vegas, come by and check it out. Thanks Puff Vapors you got customers for life.
3	The BF continued our vapor tour to this popular in house mixed juice place. There was a few liquids I've heard about so I decided to try them out. Probably the crunch berry was one of the better more accurate ones I've had, but nothing stood out as a must have. Oddly other than their liquids, they had a few E-Liq Cube flavors as well. One of my gripes with many places is that they use cheap disposable clearos for their juice samplers so you don't get the best of flavors and a few were tasting burnt. Sad because a few of those I really wanted to see what the flavor was about. We were greeted and told to try out some samples, but after that they were busy kinda cleaning up and the one other girl there was talking to the one other customer. I had a question but didn't want to bother either. It was close to closing so I do get it in a way they want to have things ready to go, but it may have made a difference in a purchase from us or not faster. And of course, I know it was close to closing so maybe partially on me for my timing, but 7pm is early to try to rush to. I didn't look at the gear to be honest since I was on a time crunch so I can't say what type of items they have. We will probably be back when there is more time to try out flavors. For now though it's A-OK in my book.
5	Love this place! Francesca was very sweet! She teaches me something new about Vaping everytime I see her;) great customer service and she is very patient and sweet;) Thank you momma!!
5	I just can't say enough about this place.I had a problem with my current mod, so I brought it in to Scottie. He brought out the pliers and screwdriver and went to town on this thing...the guy really takes care of his customers.Unfortunately, the problem I had wasn't completely fixable (though Scott got it working better than it had been). I ended up buying a new mod: the Privari mini. Beautiful piece of machinery. It's also the one Scott uses and he hasn't steered me wrong yet!Love this place.
5	This has got to be the best Vape shop I have ever shopped at all of the staff know what they are talking about and are not just out to sell you something for a commission. The friendly comfortable atmosphere has me wanting to spend the entire day just relaxing and enjoying company.  The e-juice has got to be the tastiest made right there as I wait.
1	I'll start by saying that I stopped in here because it's close to my home and I was completely out of Ejuice.  I needed something to get me through until my next big online purchase.  This review is based on the customer service I received.I was greeted by a nice young man, who showed me to the "tasting table".  I was then promptly left alone for my entire visit, and not helped again until I made my purchase at the register.I understand that many people simply want to be left alone to look around in a store and not hassled by employees.  I totally understand that.  However, there is a difference between making sure your customers are taken care of (whether they want to be left alone or not), and completely ignoring them.  That's how I felt when I was there; ignored.  I would have appreciated someone stopping by every now and then to see how I was doing, to see if I needed anything, to maybe ask me how I was finding their flavors.  Trust me I would have had a few questions for them.There were at least 5 employees during my visit, and maybe 5 customers.  Any one of the employees had every opportunity to check in on me, but didn't.  I understand that I could have gone up to any of them and asked a question, but they seemed so involved in their own conversations, it didn't feel very comfortable.  There's something to be said for acknowledging your customers, for shooting a smile or a nod their way, and for occasionally asking them if they're doing ok.When I found a juice I liked, I told one of the sales associates and they said all they had left was either 0% or 2.4mg nicotine.  I said I usually vape 1.2mg or 1.8mg, and he left to go fill the 0% with some nicotine.  He came back, rang it up at the register, and said it would be about $17.  I paused for a moment, as all I wanted was a $10 15ml bottle.  I wasn't informed of any specials, deals or discounts, and when I tried to check the Facebook page for a discount, the guy informed me that because it was not their own Ejuice that I couldn't use a discount anyway.  That would have been nice to know beforehand.  He didn't really offer me any options or try to engage me to try and see if there was something else I might be more interested in.  I felt inclined to make the purchase because he had already adjusted the nicotine level of the bottle.  I paid for the juice, walked out, and felt sort of bamboozled.Later at home I checked out their Facebook, web, and Yelp pages, and found all sorts of discounts, deals and check-ins.  On their Yelp page, for example, I saw "Receive a Free 15ml E-Juice with Any $20 Purchase!"  For an extra $3, I would have loved to get a free 15ml bottle of anything!  That would have been a very easy way to get $3 more out of me, and I would have happily paid it for a free bottle of juice.  I would have liked to have been informed of all these in the store, and at the very least told about how the frequent member card worked, what it was, how to sign up for it using the in-store tablet, and what it gives me.  He could have at least informed me that because the discounts don't work on this juice, I might want to try some more of their own mixes to get a better deal.  Having worked in retail, I saw so many customer servicing opportunities for a sales associate to offer me assistance, inform me on their products, up-sell me on an item, or even just ask how my day was going.  Nobody asked me if I currently vaped, if I knew how any of this stuff worked, if I was a current/former smoker, or if I was even looking for something in particular.  If I wanted a 0% level of customer service I could have just stayed home and made an online purchase where I got more for my money.  I feel like people go into brick-and-mortar stores instead of the Web exactly for that reason, to receive some customer service.  I'm happy with my vape, and that's fine, but if that's the level of service I can expect at Puff Vapors, I might not be inclined to go back.I'll say that I was really expecting a lot more.  I felt like I was in a self-serve shop, and that even upon my exit that I was more of a nuisance to be checked out real quick instead of engaged into learning more about their products and deals.
5	I first dropped in a few months ago because of the high reviews from different customers. Since then I have been a regular customer, returning for new juice and replacement carts/atomizers.  I had defected items with name brand products in the past and Scott replaced the item with no questions asked (talk about customer service) and provided an alternative item at the same time. Pros: customer service, knowledge, fresh juice brewed in house, no feeling of being rushed to shop, friendly atmosphere, friendly staff, willing and able to accept suggestions, variety of juices, variety of mods and batteries. Cons: currently n/a5/5 stars
1	I've given this place multiple opportunities, but they've disappointed every time. Conrad is nothing short of a demeaning individual. His attitude and his way of speaking to paying customers in plain unacceptable. The most recent incident that brought me to speak up was today. When you advertise an incorrect price, you as a good business decision honor the price, but for them to tell me straight up that there is nothing that I can do, but pay there Brick and Mortar price and that they don't care about what THEIR OWN SITE says is just plain BAD BUSINESS. I hope that you guys learn from your nearby competitors, there are many within 2 miles, and If I were to guess you will be the 1st to shut down, just by the level of service you give. I hope this is eye opening and change your ways. But it will be too late for me, I am a lost customer.
5	First "Vape" Store in southwest.  About time!  Prices are cheap and competitive!  Good selection of products - They keep adding more every time I go there.  Awesome selection of e-juice flavors!  Staff is very friendly and informative!
1	Horrible customer service. The Asian kid who works there is completely clueless. He's given me the wrong nicotine levels, wrong flavors and today he sent me home with the wrong cartos. If you have to go here, only go when the owner is here...otherwise you'll be left to feel ignored and not given what you need. I'd recommend going to The Vapery across the street or Pink Spot right up the road. With so many vape shops in the area you would think these guys would step up their customer service game.
5	I give this place five stars. Best shop I have ever been to.  the customer service was great! I highly recommend this place to everybody. not only that but they make their own juice and it is the best juice by far that I have ever tried.  I am hooked on banana nut bread. Another really cool thing is that the shop has a very nice look to it nice furniture and pictures on the walls. Great place to just come and hang out.. They also have a great website with tons of flavors, amazing prices and fast shipping if your not local.. If you haven't checked them out yet, your missing out!
4	shop is amazing, but the asian dude that works there needs a little more training in cs. i know there were a bunch of customers in there, but just saying hello and giving me a drip tip cover and not explaining what to do is not cool at all. thankfully the other guy, can't remember his name was really helpful, sat with me and gave suggestions and helped me the whole time changed my first impression around.
5	Been to this place a few times and I gotta say they are the best! Unlike other vape shops with "poser gangstas" who try to make vaping look cool, these guys are just here to make vaping fun and easy specially for newbies like me. Their prices are unbeatable and customer service is outstanding! I'd definitely be sending more business their way.thanks guys!!!
5	Walked into a large testing session so this place was a HAZE! The front door was rightfully wide open as you could hardly see through the cloud. My friend and I met Scott, the owner, who was very knowledgeable and friendly. I live nearby and first impressions mean a lot when you are buying any sort of products in person and I was impressed with the employee i dealt with, the owner, the selection and the layout. So far the best price I have found on 28g wire and wick also. Didn't have the time to sample any of the in-house juices, but I will be back!
5	This is my favorite vape shop in the Las Vegas area by far.  Scott and Conrad are very knowledgeable and super helpful and friendly.  There is always a pack of guys hanging out(like any vape store) that are super cool.  They're constantly coming up with new fantastic flavors and have tons of facebook specials and giveaways all the time.  If you have an RBA you need help with, these guys will hook you up.
5	My husband and I have been coming to Puff Vapors for a while now.  The staff is very friendly and knowledgeable.  They carry a wide variety of mods and other vaping necessities.   Puff also makes their own juice and they are constantly adding new flavors while still keeping their best sellers.  We love you guys!!
5	Randy at Puffs was very helpful and friendly. He went above and beyond. He help figure out the problem with my new e-cig even though it was not purchased in their store. I recommend them...very knowledgeable and friendly.
5	These guys are awesome and really go out of their way to accommodate you in any way possible. Definitely not the closest shop to my house but worth the drive everytime
5	I been recommended to come here by my friend. I was not disappointed. The people here are so nice and so friendly. This is my store now!
5	Fun and helpful staff. Upward of 100 flavors, but usually around 80 are out for you to taste. Always great specials on juices like buy 2 get 1, and the prices are great. Check em out!
5	Cool cats behind the counter. Very nice and helpful.My husband and I went here on a neighbor's suggestion, no disappointment here!Also, if you're new to vapors (like us), and you're trying to quit smoking, take your time tasting the sample vapes! They have a large selection of flavors from original cigarette tastes to desserts to everything in between. :)Cheers!
5	Great shop. Good flavors and great products. One of the best vape shops in Vegas. Very happy with all the products I have gotten and they try to help retiring customers with fair pricing and friendly customer service. Highly recommend!
5	you have to try this place if u vape. Crunch berries , Carmel Apple  code red Mountain Dew and they taste like they should try them all I will NEVER go anywhere else!!!!
5	Be shop in town by far great products at good prices and awesome customer service.this is defiantly my everyday shop. Its nice to walk in and the staff can answer all your questions and are happy to do so
5	Location: 5/5Right off the freeway. Near restaurants and close by the freeway.Ambiance: 5/5Clean and organized. Very comfortable lounge area.Service: 5/5Always great customer service. Always greeted when I walk in. They do what they can to help and they take the time to explain everything to you. You never feel rushed.Ninja Stars: 5/5Staff is awesome. Owner is always great to talk to. Great juice selection. 5 ninja stars.
5	Very helpful staff. The guy I dealt with was very knowledgable and got me set up with a new atomizer that would fit my needs. Great e juices too.
5	This is the best vape shop I hav been to in Vegas!!!! Great flavors !!! Great customer service!!! I will be back !!!!
5	First visit at PVLV today... Great service people, very knowledgeable staff.  I will definately be returning. Great atmosphere to chill out in and test flavors.Keep calm and Vape on Las Vegas!Even if this shop is out of the way for you, it is worth the trip across town. You won't be didappointed.
5	I've only had my vape for a couple weeks when it suddenly stopped working. There's a vape shop in every corner nowadays but this one is right by my house!  All the staff was very friendly and knowledgeable. They said the battery was dead which I thought was crazy since I just got it. I guess the charger that it came with has a tendency of overcharging the battery, thus a dead battery. They were also have a sale of buy two get one free juice. I couldn't pass it up. I'm a sucker for deals! They make their own juices and it was great they had a variety of flavors to choose from. I probably spent a good 10 minutes testing out flavors trying to figure out which three I wanted. I decided on watermelon, blueberry cheesecake, and gucci.They also do builds for free just don't forget to TIP! They can also build it to where it creates thick smoke because who doesn't love that. Just let them know! That's probably one of the reasons why I like vaping and hookah. I'm not even a smoker! LOL
5	Attractive, fun, and super helpful staff! Tried so many places and flavors...never was content until I discovered Puff Vapors!!! Highly recommend them.  Thanks guys!!!
5	These People are Great.So i was staying in vegas at freemont and wanted to check out the local shops. i did. I asked every shop who else i should visit for the best selection of Genuine Mech Mods and they suggested PUff over and over. it took me a day or two b/c puff is something like 12.3 miles from freemont experience. I was glad i made the trip. These guys know their stuff with everything they sell. they were friendly and had they best selection out of the 7-8 shops i visited. furthermore i heard a rumor that they might be starting a downtown area operation. I cant say too much, but i will be keeping an eye out for some awesome-ness. I own a shop in texas so i know a bit about the details of running a vape shop. These guys are worth your time. If you are serious about your vapes, you need to be here.On a side note: my cabbie abandoned me, and these guys gladly gave me a ride. i dont think they want to start a transport business anytime soon, but it speaks to the character of Puff Vapors. Thanks GuysP.s. Sweet beard Dude...........
5	Best shop in Vegas . I refuse to go to any other shop. The costumer service is the best I've ever had. The asians are nice too.
