3	Love Ann Taylor outlet even more so than the Ann Taylor retail store or Ann Taylor Loft. Now I was in a hurry to get through this store for some last minute shopping with hubby and child waiting for me.  The cashier was a bit obnoxious when I asked if the items I asked for were on sale.  "Dont you read the signs?" she asks me.  I was tempted to respond with, "No speak English"  but I was too annoyed to be a smartass this time.  After stating that I was in a hurry, clueless one asks me if I want to sign up for a credit card.  Hello?  NO!  Just ring me up. When she's finished, no thank you from her but more obnoxious remarks.  Since I like the clothing here, I'm willing to put up with this crappy service.
4	I haven't had much luck in this store lately but I've found some good basic pieces (tops usually) for work, in the past (hence the 4 stars). I've been shopping here for years, since it's opened up. And I didn't realize until a few minutes ago that I hadn't done a review.  It's a good size store (located in the corner of the outdoor mall, across from the Disney store) for for the career woman. I've never had a problem or issue with the employees (mostly female)- they are usually very welcoming and pleasant. Most of the time, when you walk through the door, they will tell you about all the latest promotions. You will notice large signs too everywhere. I go straight to the clearance racks on the far right of the store (facing the store from the doors). Sometimes there are an additional savings (40% off usually) off the clearance pieces, which is hard to pass up BTW. I love that this section is highly organized. It's easier to find your size when things are in the right place. The jewelry and the cashier counter is nearby. There is a petite section and a regular misses section BTW. Since I know my size, sometimes I don't try things on (when you are familiar with a brand, you can get away with it sometimes). The fitting rooms are on the opposite end of the clearance racks (to the left of the cashier counter). Good store overall for the office-minded career woman looking for classic pieces to add to her wardrobe.
4	I just recently started shopping here. I've gotten about 8 outfits here in the last few months, all for work. The quality is not great but not bad. The prices are pretty reasonable, and they have a nice selection. Good place to get business/business causal wear.
4	I love the Ann Taylor Factory stores! Good quality clothes at decent prices (compared to the regular Ann Taylor stores). I have only started shopping here earlier this year, and I'm so addicted! Casual outfits, work clothes, nice dresses for a special occasion, you name it, this is a great store for all of that.Customer service has been pretty good so far. Right when you walk in, an employee will greet you and let you know about their sales, which is usually 40 - 50% off everything in the store. They will also give you a shopping bag or start you a fitting room while you are looking around. The only thing I don't like is that the cashier will always ask you about applying for the Ann Taylor credit card. But, I appreciate that they don't continue to bug you about it after saying no. Sometimes the store can be a mess, but its understandable after seeing many people shopping here and noticing that there are only a few employees on the floor. Also, the store seems crowded because of the amount of merchandise that they pack into this small space. So you may have to deal with a tight squeeze when walking around the store. I have also been to the location at the Premium Outlets South, but for some reason, I seem to have better luck finding my sizes in this store. 60 day return policy. Love this place!
4	First real trip into the store. I was looking for interview friendly attire and managed to walk away with a suit, jacket, slacks and skirt. To wear with I found two great tops that work with or without the jacket. I may be adding this retailer to my rotation depending on my new job title.
4	I really like Ann Taylor clothes because although they are pretty, they still manage to look professional. They are made with good quality fabrics. And almost everything is lined. Their clothing is designed to last. Pretty fabrics and cool jewelry make me want to visit this store quite often. I found a dress, blouse and skirt. Everything was 40 percent off. Will definitely visit this store again.
