1	Today is Bash Fat Tuesday day....That means I get to copy my fat tuesday review and paste it on another one! Yes...I am the Fat Tuesday Slurpee bandit. Really....Get a margarita machine....Or better yet. Go to the Sev....and bring your own liquor and pour in about two oz of liquor per 16 oz of slurpee....Yes...rinse and repeat. There. That is your training class for Fat Tuesdays. You are now certified as a FAT TUESDAY BARTENDER. Thank you come again.OK --- Fat Tuesday = Not a bar.It's where 7-11 employees graduate to. Seriously a monkey can pour an adult slurpee. This place is for amateurs.When you first turn 21...This is a good place. "yea I want some red....and purple....and blue.....and mix it with a little white. Oh and put a shot of malibu...""Yea and can I get one for my girlfriend too? She wants purple....with green...and red....and white. No shot of malibu. It's too strong"Baby steps....baby steps.....
5	take away the hookers, the gambling, the over eating, the strippers, and all the lights and your trip to las vegas can still be awesome if you stop by one of the Fat Tuesdays!190 octane is the best daiquiri you can get its like a super spiked orange  Slurpee! add a few shots of everclear and  whether the rest of the world is standing still are not, you will enjoy yourself!!!  this thing could almost make Carrot Top look halfway decent.   okay well that's after about 5 of them and if you squint your eyes a bit and hold your head at a certain angle.  Its the closest you will get to a daquiri shop in new orleans
3	Recommending the Fat Tuesdays inside of the Stratosphere is kind of hard for me. It's the easiest place in the world to get super messed up but that's the whole problem. My last night in Las Vegas was capped off by a few last call drinks made of 151, than the puking started, mass amounts of vile red slime that caked the bathroom floor. Sorry for the graphic description but it was bad, funny and sad. I'm a veteran drinker but this weird little drink stand knocked me down hard with their sugar and Everclear.The cherries soaked in 'moonshine' (or so the amazingly awkward bartender said) are brutal. No joking around, they will hurt you. Still, puke and pain aside, Fat Tuesdays is the most amazing chain bar I know of; perfect for tourists and pool rats. Better put, it's like getting drunk at Wendy's, every mall should have one.
5	oh Fat tuesdays.....ur like the old friend i can always turn to when i need to get hammered....we have had a ten year relationship which is symbiotic.....i first had the 190 high octane in 97-98(the drink still has my memory fuzzy) ....and this year i discovered that Fat Tuesdays are all over town....when we arrived at the Stratosphere to see American Superstars(see review) we had an hour to kill so i went straight to the Fat Tuesdays in the mall upstairs, ordered the High Octane with an Extra shot(in a test tube that they slam into the frozen drink, with gravity keeping it in)(for only a dollar, everclear is king) ordered the wife a Daquiri which she loved...and proceded to do some drunken gaming....in about 10 minutes we were smashed....20, i realized the extra shot was still ready to be poured in....yikes...30.....i was feeling no pain......one extra value is that you can use your souvenier cup at any other fat tuesdays location and get 3 bux off on a re-fill.....all hail Fat Tuesdays...helping people forget their names for over ten years!...
4	Slurpees for adults. Our original plan was to get some drinks and head to the pool, but the Stratosphere doesn't allow outside drinks in the pool area. LAMEAnyways, my friends and I each got a yard size daiquri filled with alcohol. I got a mix of two flavors called Pimp Juice ($12) and an extra shot of Bacardi Rum 151 for only $1. Since we weren't allowed by the pool, we just hung out at hotel room and drank. Geez, by the end of our drinks, we were tipsy and so full.
5	Go big or get the hell out of Vegas.Everyone should start their days off in Vegas with one of these. (I certainly wish I did!) They have fruity flavors which are yummy, but seriously, for the best buzz (or blur) for your buck - 190 octane with at least 2 shots of everclear.  Towards the bottom, it'll start tasting like ish, but keep stirring throughout and just man up! Guaranteed FUN for the rest of the day... and if you keep drinking, even more fun for the rest of the night... I make no promises for the next morning though. :D[note: if it is particularly hot and you're walking the strip, please be sure to have water on hand...you have a very high likelihood of passing out...I would know. :P ]
5	Fat Tuesday.. How I miss you so!The drink to get when you go to vegas is OF COURSE a fat tuesday! Some friends and I ended up at the Fat Tuesday in Stratosphere and just went CRAZY with the $1 shots. I felt so bad for the guy working that night since he had to deal with all of our craziness but he was a good sport :)
5	Perfect place for some liquid courage before you hang off the edge of seemingly the world in the Strat rides. Double up and get the yard!
5	Well according to the "Just Turned 21 Year Olds" like me, this is PERFECT. $14 yard dog and $11 refills, can't beat that. They have the best flavors, my advice is to mix strawberry and margarita!
4	Kinda mandatory to make a stop at Fat Tuesday while in Vegas. I got the 50 oz. football size and was feeling pretty good hours later. This location is consistent with the others. No problems here.
5	Awesome!! The employee working was great and fun. She knew some really cool combinations to make some tasty drinks.  I would go back just because of the service.  She mixed the far left, strawberry and something else and it was perfect.  She knew the alcohol content of each one as well which was Very Helpful!
4	Fat Tuesday's are concentrated heavily throughout the Las Vegas Strip. Although I wouldn't call Fat Tuesday a bar per se, I would describe it as a great place to get some affordable alcohol on the Strip. The Fat Tuesday in the Stratosphere is on the second floor next to the McDonalds. The service was great- We were immediately helped and had a drink in hand within a blink of the eye. PBR's are $3 for a 16 oz. can and jello shots were only $1. Where else can you get drinks at those prices on the Strip? This is why I'm now a fan of Fat Tuesdays. :)The jello shot was insanely strong, but don't take my word for it, I'm a lightweight. It was admittedly a little awkward to eat, so I went back to the counter to grab a straw in an attempt to stab out the jello. Instead, the server asked if I would like whipped cream on my shot before I could utter a word. Of course I would! He handed me back my now whipped-topping jello shot with a straw to boot. I was one happy camper to say the least.
5	I'm 6 feet 2 inches and weigh 275 pounds and a whisky drinker. That 190 octane slush with the extra shot had me feeling super nice.
