5	GO TO ALLISON!1. great hair stylist: fixed my hair catastrophe and gave me good tips for the future2. very friendly: she offered water, wine, coffee, and CANDY (they have a candy bar in the salon, my fav!)3. super chill:  she doesn't push if you don't want to talk, but is so funny and down to earth in case you do
5	Reuben is a miracle worker.He's definitely NOT what you expect when you get a male hairdresser, but he is THE BEST!Super friendly, clean, upbeat environment.
5	I was referred to stylists before and they were never able to give me the cut I wanted because of my long/thick hair. Sable was my stylist and she did an AMAZING job, she also listened to what I wanted. I would definitely recommend her if your going to this salon for the first time. The salon itself has a really cool renaissance/goth theme. Everyone gets along really well and it has a friendly vibe. Check this place out!
5	Dark and beautiful ambiance (furniture from Cost Plus YAY!) and a clean, convenient facility makes this salon a pleasant visit from the start. I went here as I was in dire need of a hairstylist having had some overpriced and underwhelming haircuts since I moved to Las Vegas. I got a Groupon offer for a cut and conditioning treatment here and decided to use it. Amy was my stylist. I walk in, tell her I don't know what I want and then tell Amy that her hairstyle looks cute. So I asked her to replicate it. Less than 40 min later, I have a perfect hairstyle. I loved it...light and properly conditioned...I felt good about it. Amy was very friendly (and yet not irritating) and she knew what she was doing. I had a really good experience with her and think she will be my regular stylist. To reinforce my thoughts on my hairstyle, the moment I got back to work, 2 co-workers gushed about how they loved it and how it felt like silk. Success. Tonic in Summerlin is definitely a reasonable and well designed place to check out and Amy for one is a really good stylist. PS. They have coffee, candy etc around but to me, that really didn't matter.
5	I'm very picky when it comes to stylists. I have long, long thick curly hair and Casey at Tonic always does a great cut and smooth blow out. She even took extra time for me to show me how to curl my hair like the Kardashians :)  I was blessed to find her. I saw several stylists before I came in to Tonic and was not happy with their style. How can you mess up a side swept bang? Casey has great technique, great customer service and is very personable. The salon itself is inviting and not stuffy at all. Love the vibe in the room! There's so much talent and professionalism on the floor. It's trendy and comfortable too. Great value for the full experience. You won't be disappointed!
4	I was in dire need of a hair cut.  New to town, I turned to a my trusty Yelp for help.  Tonic II to the rescue.  Got great reviews and is close to my house.  Ended up getting an appointment with Amy.  When I got there, there were a few stylists at their chairs with their clients but no one at the front desk.  I waited a couple minutes before one of the stylists finally walked over and asked if I needed help.  Not a good first impression but it's ok...at least everyone was nice.  Amy was nice, not very chatty, seemed like it was a huge effort for her to make conversation with me.  Maybe we just didn't have much in common.  She cut 10+ inches off for me...I was happy to donate it to Locks of Love.  I showed her a picture of what I wanted.  What I ended up with was not really anything like the picture.  Now I get that I have Asian hair and the picture was of a blonde chick but Amy mentioned nothing about that particular style not working with my hair type.  I'm still happy with my hair cut though.  Amy did not rush and was very thorough.  She also showed me how to do my bangs in a really flattering way.  I'd try her again.  If you have a picture you're trying to emulate, make sure you have a thorough conversation with her about whether it'll work with your hair type.*Hair cut was $45 but first time customers get $20 off.  $25 for a haircut is an awesome deal!
5	I only trust Ruben with scissors near my hair! i am a dedicated fan to Ruben. he owns the salon and does cut and color. i have been going to him since he worked back at diva studios. almost 10 years ago! when i lived in nyc i would fly back into vegas just to get my highlights done by him. he knows exactly what he is doing. he makes it last for weeks by weaving those highlights in there so i could space out my appointments. now with the cuts he can thin out the hair upon request to make it lay better. the layers are always perfect and i always leave a happy customer. his assistants are always fun and everyone makes you feel right at home. never a snobbish feeling. the decor is beautiful and very homely. they also serve starbucks coffee and wine. i have even gotten my mom to be a dedicated fan to him among a few friends over the years. at the end of styling they put this serum by pearatin in your hair and i suggest buying some. it leaves your hair so silky smooth and looking fresh even 2 months after you get it done. good little investment. i always get compliments on my hair and i always hand them one of ruben's cards. i say go give it a try and you will thank me right afterwards. :)
5	****SHELBY @ TONIC II ****A great way to know you have an amazing hairstylist is by how many compliments you get on your hair right? I am happy to say that I get asked ALL THE TIME "Who does your hair?"or "Your hair looks so great!!" SHELBY is who I recommend to everyone!! I hand out her business cards to everyone who asks about my hair, and my co-workers, friends and family all get sent to her too. I have been getting my hair done by SHELBY for years now and would never trust anyone else to cut or color my hair. My hair is precious to me and a big part of my professional and personal appearance. I know it is in good hands (literally) every time I go in. A big part of why I love going to SHELBY is because she DOES NOT double book clients like many other hair stylists in town. She takes her time with me and doesn't put me under the dryer so she can work on other clients which is the reason I left my old stylist. SHELBY is a great stylist because she is always open to your ideas and she wants you to look your very best. She is honest and gives helpful suggestions about coloring and cuts but  is good to never over power your decision to get what you want. SHELBY is current on trends, styles and an awesome coloring expert! I have gone from blond highlights to bright red and absolutely love the results every time. Go to SHELBY! You won't regret it. I never have! =)
5	Hallelujah, Tonic II!  When I moved to Vegas, I tried 2 other salons that were pretty terrible, and then my husband found Tonic II and we both go there now.  BONNIE is our stylist and I love her.  I would cry if she ever left.  The stylists there are well educated, use quality products, and really create a welcoming, cool atmosphere at the salon.  I have received so many compliments on my color/highlights/cut since I started seeing Bonnie.Bonnie and the salon staff have quite the artistic eye.
4	I had my hair done with Andy the other night and had called early that morning to make the appointment. I decided to try this place since it was right around the corner from my house. Andrew answered the phone and was very nice. He told me he would call me back which he did less than 10 minutes later. He told me he could book me with Andy at 4. He then called around 3 and told me Andy was running behind and if he could move me to 5. I said sure and showed up at 5. When I arrived Andy was putting in highlights and told me it would be a little bit. So I had all the time and was very patient. Andrew made me the best cup of tea while I waited. After about 20 minutes Andy came and apologized and asked if I could come back later, so I went to dinner with my family and came back at 7. It all worked out and I didn't mind since the end result was wonderful. He chose the perfect color for me and gave me a fresh clean cut. I just wish I would have not been given the run around. I would have liked to be given a definite time. Hopefully next time I go I can actually be in the chair at my appointment time.
5	if anyone is looking for a great stylist and color specialist  I recommend ANDY he is amazing! He took my hair color from black to strawberry blonde last week with ANY damage - my hair looks amazing. This is the third time I have gone to ANDY and I am more and more pleased each time and know I found a hairstylist I feel comfortable with and can trust and in las vegas thats hard to find!
4	This place came through in a clutch for me, and I really appreciate it! I had a formal (read- boring!) event that i had to get all dressed up for and Shelby hooked me up with a really modern, easy to care for hair cut... I really like it and it gave me a new look without a super drastic change...my only issue was other hairdressers were talking crap about clients to each other, which is fine- just dont do it on the business floor within earshot of other clients- maybe keep it confined to the break room?
5	i've lived in vegas for over 4 years now.  can't believe i spent the first 3 years trying to find a good stylist!!!  can't tell you how many tears i've shed over bad hair cut/color experiences.  both me and my husband dreaded my hair appts because we both knew what was coming next... tears and cursing!!!  finally, by chance, i found amy (through groupon).  SHE'S GREAT!! she knows my hair's needs and limits.  i use to get so anxious before my hair appts i'd almost make myself sick! now, i walk in with a smile on my face and leave with an even bigger smile :-D Thanks Amy!!!!
5	I started going to Tonic II because of a Groupon and good things I've heard from a lot of people. I will continue to go there because it's overall a fantastic experience everytime from start to finish. The receptionist is always pleasant and offers you water (or wine!) as soon as you walk in. The layout is nice and organized with huge mirrors at every station. Amy is my stylist and does a great cut and color. She is really nice and relatable so the two hour service is pretty relaxing as opposed to a necessary evil every other month. As a picky hair person that knows what I like, I sometimes ask her to make adjustments and she happily does it until my obsessive compulsive heart is content. The price is reasonable and pretty standard for most salons in Las Vegas except unlike other salons, it's guaranteed to be a great experience with the end result of great hair.
5	I decided to try Tonic II Salon because they offered $20 off any service for new clients. $35 for a haircut was a deal for me! When I called to schedule an appointment, I asked to be set up with Amy since she had so many good reviews here on Yelp. However, on the day of my appointment, there was some kind of mix-up. For some reason, they had me in the computer for an earlier appointment. I guess Amy was no longer available, or maybe she had left for the day. I'm not sure since I didn't know what she looked like. So I was set up with Shelby. She was nice, although we didn't talk very much. Not a big deal, it was my first time there so we obviously didn't know each other. But wow, she is a GREAT stylist!! I asked her to cut off 2 inches for me. Sounds simple, right? Well, I'm not sure if there is a professional term for it, but I really liked the way she cut my hair. I have wavy hair that can look very puffy at times, but she cut it in a way that made my hair feel much lighter and sleek looking! I Love it!!Andrew the receptionist was very nice as well. He offered me water as soon as I checked in. Shelby's station is right behind the receptionist desk. My only complaint is that some of the other hairstylists would stand around the area, talking about personal stuff. Some customers may not mind, but others may think that it's rude, if you know what I mean.I'm not sure if I'll return, but I definitely recommend Shelby!
4	I could have sworn that I had already written a review, or at LEAST checked in at this place.... but to no avail I had not. So here she goes, I had made an appointment to attempt to get some more control over the mess I had made of my hair while I was in london for a long period of time (my roots were showing, decided to put a semi-perm color on and this was a very bad idea when it has come to getting the blond highlights I love so much, Back from this incident). Memorial day wknd I was going to be going out on Saturday night and felt the need to get something done with my hair as to have it look decent in the pictures we were going to take.Andrew the super nice reception/customer service person was great and got me in within the hour.When I got to the Salon, my appointment was with Shelby. Her chair is right behind the reception desk. I have to say that I do NOT like the full length mirror that sits in front of most if not all of the stations. Maybe its me, but Im not really one to want to look too much at anything other than my hair when Im getting it done. Having a full length vantage point gives me too much to overly critique (and a promise to diet and exercise more was made that day in the chair).Other than that, and that Shelby isn't hugely talkative, I give her a break because we haven't ever partnered for this experience before so we will see if it changes up a bit when I go the next time. She did an excellent job with my color, traded me that first time client special for a trim on my much needed ends and overall, way more reasonable than I had expected. I hope maybe sometime again the Groupon ppl will put this Salon back on their deal list, but til then I like the place, my stylist and the outcome was better than I could have hoped.
5	I have three sisters, and we all have different hair types and styles. Yet Ruben has been cutting, dying, and styling all of our hair for years. I'm the only one with curly hair, and before going to Ruben, I had no idea what to do with the mass on top of my head. But Ruben can cut curly hair, no matter if you want to wear it curly one day, and straight the next.
5	I went here to get an up-do for a wedding, just off of the Yelp reviews. I brought a picture with me, and Shelby made it happen! It usually takes hours to do my hair because I have so much of it, but she was lightning quick. And she even had time do do my cousin's hair, who did not have an appointment. It's a bit expensive but worth it. Complimentary beverages add a nice touch. Will be my go-to salon in Vegas. Thanks again Yelpers!
5	Recenly I decided to switch to Aveda products so I was looking for an Aveda Salon and I found Tonic II.  I'm really bad about making apointments expecially for a place I've never been so I walked in when they opened on a Tuesday.  I like to see what it looks like inside before I commit hahah  I asked if they could get me in for a cut and partial highlights either that day or the following and they were super gracious about it.  After a few minutes they said they could get me in that day a few hours later.  They set me up with Andy and he was great.  He was very clear with me about what he was going to do.  He really took the time to talk with me about what I wanted and he was really funny.  I'm trying to grow my hair out so I'm spacing my appointments out a bit but I have to say this is the first time I actually look forward to going haha  The recpetionist was really nice too.  I think the prices are fair.  Andy is a well educated professional  who does great work.  Overall a great experience!
5	After years of going to Mom's Beauty Parlor (yeah okay, sitting in the kitchen with an old beach towel draped around my neck with my mother wielding scissors and a bottle of hair color) I decided to go to a real salon. I made an appointment with Megan about a year ago when I decided to make a drastic change and cut off my long locks. Normally this would be a nerve-racking event, but Megan made it incredibly enjoyable, providing witty banter and pleasant conversation all the way through. I LOVED my hair when she was finished cutting. I honestly have never been so happy with a cut. I went back a few months ago for color and I'm fairly certain Megan is a chemistry wizard because the base color and highlights she gave me were pure magic. I've been going to her ever since for color and cuts! Not only is the entire staff super friendly, the decor is amazing! I highly recommend Tonic II!
5	I've always been a 12 dollar Supercuts kinda guy, the Army kinda decided my hairstyle. Since I've gotten out I let it all grow out. I didn't really know what I wanted and Bonnie took the reins and gave an awesome haircut. The ambiance and service from the moment I walked in was superb. Make this place your go to salon!
1	I paid $300 for a dye by Ruben's assistant and although it was expensive, I left the salon happy. Afterall, the salon had great reviews and I felt I was in good hands.After the first wash, I was devastated when my beautiful dye job turned in to a horrific 2-tone. GROSS!I rushed back to the salon only to be told that they didn't have time to fix me and that the work was not guaranteed.Not guaranteed?!!! WOW!I wish I would have saved my receipt - one call to a lawyer would have fixed this!I would not recommend this salon to anyone.
5	Really loved the cut I got from my stylist. Made an appointment for next month!
5	I needed my hair done very badly, So I called tonic and was happy enough to get an appointment that same day, I got set up with heather, she was very nice and professional. all around a nice gal. I needed my hair colored and cut and she did AMAZING! i have completely dropped my old stylist and I only allow heather to touch my hair.
5	After my hair dresser moved away, I had a hard time finding someone who was *really* good with blondes. 3rd times a charm I guess because Amy did a really great job. There was no brassyness and my hair came out feeling really healthy. I highly recommend Tonic. Great atmosphere, music and people working there.
5	Andy@ Tonic 2 is such a great stylist. He really knows his stuff! He does such a great job on my hair every time , that every day is a great hair day! Thank you so much Andy!
5	After reading reviews, I finally made the decision to come in and have my hair done by Amy. She is absolutely amazing! I haven't had a haircut in a year and she did incredible. She was very nice, took her time and for.being a first time costumer it was not awkward at all. She kept a conversation and made me laugh. Such a great and talented person! Definitely recommend her.
4	I have found this salon to be charming the last year or so. Today I got my roots done (I have black hair) and it cost me 125. I spent a total of 145 with a tip. I was pretty shocked as I didn't have a hair cut or all over color. The last girl I saw charged seventy so I just assumed it would be in the same ballpark.  Just make sure you ask first, I have been to salons all over the world and have never paid that price for a root touch up. I would understand if I had a color other than black but oh well. It is my fault for not asking. The receptionist is very sweet and the coffee is yummy! The staff is pretty friendly as well.
5	I absolute LOVE Tonic II Salon!! I've been getting my hair cut by Bonnie for over a year now, and she always does an amazing job! She's really great at listening to what I want, and then telling me how the cut will change the way I have to style my hair. The salon is always clean and the staff is always very friendly.
1	I paid 125.00 to get my hair dyed. Well I went to get a blow out today at another salon. She told me she thought I had dyed my hair myself because there were pieces in the back that were just plain missed. This really upsets me as 125.00 was a lot to pay and now I find out it was not even throughout? I will not be going back to this salon as I feel really ripped off.
5	I used to do my own hair ( aka use a box of dark brown hair color and call it a day) until I wanted to go blonde. I met Megan out and about and decided to check her out ( I heard from a couple of girls that she was amazing with blonde) Megan got me from dark almost black brown to a medium blonde in just one sitting.. and the best part WITHOUT damage. Now ive been going to Megan for almost 2 years and she has made my hair all shades of blonde.. yesterday she just converted my medium blonde to a platinum/silver blonde and as always.. I AM OBSESSED. She always does an amazing job and I always leave without damage and very happy :) I got 3 of my girlfriends hooked on Megan and I recommend her to EVERYONE.
5	It took me a very long time to find the perfect salon. Now that I have found Tonic Salon, I'm never going anywhere else! From styling, color, cut .. these guys can do it all! They even served me some delicious sangria ! My stylist I always go to JANETTE. Shes a sweetheart!
3	I went to this salon for years until my stylist left.  The place is clean, upbeat, and reasonably priced.  You will have to wait....they make a habit of overbooking their stylists which is a salon thing not a stylist thing.  But I have never had a bad experience there.  A little pricey, so save you pennies and be patient!
3	I purchased the groupon for Tonic and got the full color, cut and conditioning treatment for $60 deal.  Great deal.  I called ahead to make my appointment and tried to explain how I like my hair colored.  I have gotten in the past; red in the front and darker red in the back.  After I explained it and made my appointment I decided that it would probably be easier to just do an all over dark red.When I showed up to my appointment I showed Ray a picture I found of the color I wanted.  I think in his opinion red mean RED.  He was very willing to tone it for me.  He ended up giving me over 3 hours of his time.  The toning helped darken it up, but it was still pretty bright red. I do not hate how my hair turned out, but it is red, superhero red.  Not really what I was looking for.  I'm getting used to it, and my husband likes it.My cut was perfect.  Conditioning treatment made my hair so soft.  I will be back for a trim for sure.  Not sure what I will do about my color when my roots grow out.
5	I went to Tonic Salon based on yelp reviews and I could not have been happier. China did my hair and makeup for my wedding. She was beyond amazing!!! Not only did I look amazing but everything held up in the crazy Vegas heat. In fact my hair still looked great the next day. If you are like me and know absolutely nothing about make-up and hair go to China. I walked in and asked her to make me look pretty. She far exceeded my expectations. Thank you China!!
5	After searching yelp for days trying to find a good salon and person to go to I finally came across Shelby at the tonic salon. I liked that she had her own website and reviews on yelp so I decided to give her a try. I am very picky by the way and I am glad I went with her because she did a fantastic job on my cut and color. I will definitely be going back and I highly recommend her!
5	i won a free hair cut to see ray and i was worried that i was not going to get the best service bc i wasn't paying for it. i was totally wrong!!! he was so professional and had awesome suggestions and ideas! i am also a cosmetologist and was so excited to get such great service and great style. very thankful for that free hair cut bc now i  have found my new hair stylist!!!!!
5	MEGAN! MEGAN!!!! MEGAN!!!! What can I say? The BEST hair colorist and Stylist in the Las Vegas area!!!! I live in McLean VA and fly There just for my hair appointment at Tonic salon. Megan has been there for almost 7 years at one of Las Vegas's most adored salons. If you live in Vegas or are visiting and want an amazing hair color and cut at an amazing price go to Megan at Tonic. She does an amazing job, is super sweet, and NEVER over charges.
5	After days and weeks of contemplating which salon groupon to purchase for a cut I finally caved on this one seeing it had the best reviews compared to the rest. I bought the deep conditioning and haircut package and made the appointment right away.  I was immediately greeted at the door by who I believe to be the owner. And then was offered either a soda, water or wine. The salon had a cool and comfortable environment. My appointment was at 4 with Chyna and I didn't have wait long until I was called by Chyna to start on my deep conditioning treatment. She gave the best shampoo/conditioning massage and I was immediately relaxed! We had a lovely conversation while she cut my hair, time flew by so quickly. Before i knew my cut was done and it was AWWWEESOME! She did exactly what I wanted(I asked for a Victoria secret haircut) and it came out beautifully!!! She then finished off with a blow dry and styled it with really cute bohemian curls. I felt great after going to this salon, like a regained confidence. I will definitely be going back to tonic and especially back to chyna! Best salon experience I've ever had!
5	I love this place and Chyna is phenomenal. For my first appointment Chyna helped select the perfect color and then told me about the brazilian blowout. She showed me some before and after pics and I was hooked. I went in for my first Brazilian Blowout today and it is amazing. My hair is so soft and manageable. I never thought I could be completely frizz free.I highly recommend everyone try a Brazilian Blowout with Chyna! Once you've tried it you will wonder why you waited so long.
5	I cannot emphasize enough how amazing Chyna Nghiem is! I went today to visit the salon because of a Groupon I purchased due to the great ratings here on Yelp and was not disappointed.Let me first preface this review by saying that I have avoided going to get my hair done for almost 2 years due to a terrible experience I had back in Scottsdale. Since I have moved here, I have been checking out many options and decided to try Tonic - so glad I did!The atmosphere is comfortable and friendly. When you walk in you are greeted with a smile, offering of a beverage (water, tea, wine or soda), and the waiting area is well stocked with magazines to keep you occupied. Chyna welcomed me and expertly spoke about options I had to cope with some of the issues I have been having with my frizzy, split end full head of dried out unruly hair. She inquired about what I was having problems with and ideas of how to make my life a lot easier. Chyna is patient and willing to answer any questions you may have regarding your hair and explains how the products work and why it's important to use them. She worked miracles with my hair that previously made me just tie it all up just to get it out of the way due to my frustration. We discussed the benefits for me to do a Brazilian Blowout and I am so grateful I did. She took her time to highlight, cut, and blowout my hair ensuring a wonderful result. I look and feel like a different person. She didn't bombard me by pushing products or make me feel like another person on an assembly line which I truly appreciated. Her recommendations though were stellar and I did leave the salon with more product than I originally anticipated, but by showing me her techniques I want to be able to replicate the same results at home. Thanks to Chyna I have beautiful hair again and feel more confident than I did when I entered the salon. She is very personable and even provided me with her cell number in case I have any other questions which is such a wonderful touch.
5	Tonic is a very friendly and fairly priced salon.  Chyna is amazing!!!!  She has given me the most amazing cut!  I have curly hair and it is very hard for me to find stylists that can properly cut and style my hair. She did! She is also very sweet and she actually listens to what it is I wanted with my hair and also gives feedback on what would look best with my face/hair type.  I also got a Brazilian Blowout done and its Amazing!!!!  I absolutely love it!  I have gotten so many compliments.  Chyna rocks!!!  She is an Amazing Stylist!  Go see her---you will not be disappointed!
5	If you want a perfect haircut, just go here and ask for Chyna. So, I had been avoiding hair salons for almost a year because I was growing out my hair for my wedding. It finally got to the point that it wasn't manageable/could be mistaken for a caveman 'fro, so something had to be done. Enter the Groupon deal and one of the best salon experiences I have ever had.I walked into the salon, and was greeted warmly by my stylist within minutes of my arrival. The receptionist asked if I wanted something to drink; I noticed a small refrigerator and a Keurig machine behind the seating area. The atmosphere was casual, chic and clean. I sat down and we quickly discussed the kind of haircut I wanted. After showing her a few photos, she knew I just wanted a large amount of my hair gone, and chopped off 9 inches before we even went back for a shampoo. The products she used were by Bumble and Bumble, which were very soothing to my super sensitive scalp. My Groupon included a deep conditioning treatment that was applied last, and I sat beneath a heat lamp in a slightly closed off space in peace for 20 minutes with the latest issue of Vogue. After she rinsed out the deep conditioning treatment, we went back to the chair for the haircut. She was thorough and quick but very precise. She told me about each product as she applied it. (I definitely walked away with the thickening spray, shampoo and conditioner. It's a miracle worker on my thin hair.) After the blowout and styling was completed, she went back through the hair to cut sections with even *more* precision. I have never had a stylist cut my hair after it was styled, but it made a huge difference in giving my hair the final finish. I could not be happier with my hair. I haven't had a cut this wonderful in years. I went grocery shopping after my appointment and was stopped by three separate people to ask what I used on my hair/what salon I went to. I happily endorsed Tonic Salon and the amazing Chyna!
4	I found this salon via groupon because I was in dire need of some tender loving care for my hair.  I was skeptical because it was a deal from groupon, but I saw reviews plus I knew exactly where the salon was, so I went for it. When I called to schedule right after I purchased the groupon, they said they only had two stylists that were doing the groupon...oh oh.  For the timeframe I needed the person available was Ray.  Handy yelp had his reviews so I took it.I have long hair where I needed a trim and wanted to cover all my highlights.  Ray seriously did such a wonderful job.  He took into consideration that I was trying to keep my hair long for my wedding and that I just needed to cover up my roots ASAP.  I must say, I got compliments the whole week for such a wonderful job he did.  While getting my hair dried, I could not stop cracking up at their choice of art.  How to put it....framed homeless signs...as in the signs they hold while at the stop lights.  Lol!I'll be back to do another trim, I was well taken cared of, thanks Ray!
5	Just received an awesome hair mending treatment w/ style!  If you want great service, book an appt. with Valery. She's the only one I trust with my hair because she will always make sure you're satisfied with the final result, your appt isn't over until your hair is exactly how you want it! She always gives a great cut!!!
5	I found this salon from recommendations by friends (I have about 6 who all go to Bonnie) but I went for the first time because they had a Groupon.  When I called I was told that Bonnie doesn't participate in the Groupon deal, bummer.  However, they were able to fit me in that same week with Ray.  Ray agreed to stay late (the salon hours are 10am to 6pm) so that I could have a 5:45pm appointment because I couldn't leave work early.I'll admit I was a little nervous because (1) I had NEVER died my hair and (2) I wanted to die it red because I didn't want to commit to bleaching it.  Also, there was a review on this site that said the stylist I was schedule with hadn't got the right color of red...IGNORE THAT REVIEW.  I have added my before/after/goal picture to this page.  I brought Ray a picture of the shade of red I wanted, dark/natural looking because I work in law and extreme hair color is NOT allowed.  Ray gave me fair warning that the color I wanted was difficult to achieve.  However, Ray did an excellent job.  The red was a natural color and it looks great!  Not to mention it is almost an exact match to the picture I brought in :)  I couldn't believe it but it was exactly the color I wanted!!!  Thanks Ray!!! In addition, it was also one of the best haircuts I've ever had.  My hair is really straight and flat but with Ray's amazing layering my cut was perfect and my hair has volume!  Not to mention it takes about 5 minutes to do in the morning :)Thanks Ray!  I will definitely be back and make Tonic salon and Ray my regular hair place.
5	See Dannette!! She is wonderful! She listens to what you want and does a great job. She'll offer tips and ideas if you're looking for something new as well. She'll offer product recommendations if you're looking, but never pushes new things on Her clients. I've seen her multiple times, and I am very sad I'm moving away from here. She is fun, sweet, and gives great scalp massage as well. Next time I'm in Vegas I will be seeing her for a hair appointment, she's that great.The enviroment is fun, laid back, and professional. Need a coffee? They've got that. Have to wait longer then expected? They'll discount their services or offer a gift card. Excellent place to get hair done. I've seen many men as well as women in for everything from regular cuts to extensions, save my blue hair that's out of a box, to mens coloring. Well worth the cost.
5	I love this salon. I have been going to Dannette for about 2 years. She always gets the color the way I like it. I would recommended her to anyone she's amazing!
5	Another great haircut from Ray...this is the shortest my hair has even been but also the cutest cut!!!  Also, I didn't notice this last time but the music is wonderful - relaxing but current.
5	Ray is the best hair stylist I have ever had! He took me from black box color over already dark roots and turned it into a beautiful vibrant red with even brighter peek a boos! He is very professional and a joy to be around. I will definitely come back to see him again!
5	I had the most amazing experience. If you're going to go to this salon ask for VALERY! She is wonderful! She really listened to what I wanted and asked along the way if I liked it that way or wanted it shorter, longer, more layers, etc, and at the end left my hair exactly how I wanted it! Very first time I left a salon wishing they wouldn't have chopped all of my hair off. I'm so happy with my hair and so happy I  finally found a hairdresser I can keep going to over and over again!
5	Chyna did an amazing job on my hair!! This girl is not only great at hair, but quick and takes the time to do it right all the way to the last curl. The dryer room is awesome with cardbaord signs framed for entertainment. Chyna is great for that fun, stylish, great listener and you feel like you have been friends for years. The wine they offer while being styled is awesome too! And is it complimentary!!!! Go to her and you won't be sorry!!!
5	I have been to Tonic several times. It's a super cute salon and everyone is very friendly. I love the products they carry and my services always turn out great. Joree the receptionist is super sweet. She makes you feel so at home. I'll def be back!
5	I've been going to Tonic Salon for years now.  My hair was always over processed and breaking off especially with blonde hair until I started going to Bonnie for my color.  I only trust Bonnie with my hair she's amazing at what she does!  Everyone is so friendly & nice especially the owner Ruben too!  Prices are awesome as well.  I come weekly for a blow out!  Love this place I would give them 10 stars if I could.
5	So basically Chyna is the shit and i will definitely be one of her new regulars! I walked into Tonic today lookin like a sweaty hobo and walked out lookin and feeling fabulous! I just moved to the Vegas area and am so glad my friend recommended her. I am always nervous about having someone new color my blonde hair, but it honestly turned out perfect AND she threw in a free conditioning treatment. So happy with my fresh blonde look!
5	H!! Ive been going to tonic now for mabe close to a year! I was going in with beautiful blond hair and my stylist Julie a cute blond made my blond locks pop even more! Now keep in mind Im very picky and cant make up my mind whn it comes to color. Just recently I took a leap of faith and had her color me rich red. We both decided that nothing to dark would look good on my skin tone and what do you kno perfect red from a hot blond!! I trust Julie with my hair And whatever task I may throw at her. Shes awesome!
5	Andy Heathman is the best stylist here! He's amazing at blondes and DOESN'T leave you with that terrible gold brassy color. Plus he's adorable and fun to hangout with while you're getting your foils for days!
5	I originally came here with a groupon and won't go anywhere else! Chyna is a hair wizard! She has done wonders for my hair.  The deep conditioning treatment is great for living in the desert.  Ask for Chyna when you go!
5	At tonic salon for the second time now getting my blond highlight done by the infamous Chyna!! She's awesome and is a pro at coloring blondes. I'm pretty new to Vegas and always hate hunting down a good hair stylist. Luckily my friend recommended her and I have been extremely satisfied with my hair!!
5	I have been going to Julie for over two years. Although the location is all the way across town, I continue to go here. I always get a great haircut. The staff is very friendly, the place is clean and it is an overall fun place to go. The prices are not too bad for the quality that is received.
4	Chyna is awesome, gave me one of the best cuts I've ever had! Totally listened to what I asked for and got it perfectly right :)
5	I recently moved to Las Vegas and have been looking for a stylist.  I am glad I found Chyna!  She did a great job on my haircut and I am going to schedule an appointment to get my hair highlighted.  I love the cut as well the blowout she did with my hair afterwards.  I love a good blowout!  It still looked great the next day!  She took her time with me and didn't rush.  I have found my stylist and am relieved!
5	I've been going to this salon for a few years now. Ruben is amazing!   His color is always perfect and he never cuts off too much hair when I say just a trim. The salon is cozy and has a full selection of bumble and bumble products.
