5	This location just opened. One of the best Mongolian places I've ever eaten in. Hoping they put one closer to me.
2	Totally not a bad place but my experience was a bit tainted by one of the staff. He had his jeans LOW and his underwear hanging out (trendy I know) but he always seemed to be on the verge of losing his britches. He handled his underwear as much as he handled menus and food. Thats an issue.I would have told the manager but there didn't seem to be one.This place will get better as it matures and a lot of the initial new hire crew is separated out and we find out who is wheat and who is chaff.
2	I'm a big fan of the meat and vegetable free for all that is the Mongolian concept but the quality doesn't match the price.  Sorry guys but $14 for that kind of lunch doesn't cut it.
3	My sister and I went here when we were staying in Scottsdale a couple days ago and I was excited to hit up an actual stir fry place.  I am pretty solid on my 3 rating and I will tell you why... The service at the beginning was pretty good, we were seated right away and we were asked for our drink order right away as well.  The waiter explained to us what the process was and sent us on our way.  We waited in line to find a whole slew of protein ranging from chicken to beef to calamari to ham!  The veggie selection was not too bad either.  There was a great amount of sauces and seasonings but none of them really had descriptions so I wasn't sure what was what.  I stuck with the steamed rice to go along with my stir fry.  The rice wasn't bad but wasn't the best rice I had.  The stir fry was just alright, nothing amazing.Our waiter really wasn't attentive after our drink order.  I had only one glass of diet coke but at least my sister was able to order a beer, which it looked like they had a pretty good selection of.
3	I had lunch here the other day, and I have to say it was pretty good. My only other experience with Mongollean style stir fry has been YC's. And I used to find that with YC's no matter what "sauces" you used in preparing your meal, it always tasted the same. At Genghis, I fixed up my meal following the direction for Thai Chicken, and it came out tasting like Thai Chicken... with a nice little kick. The lunch portions are good. And the server actually walks you through the whole process if it's your first trip.HUGE selection of different ingredients and topping and sauces. You can follow on of the many "recipes" or create your own. I will be back to give this place another go!
2	I have eaten at the one in Scottsdale a couple times. Great concept but the preparation of the food kills it. They should cook the food in woks. They use these wooden utensils to cook the food on this flat grill. The meat gets sooooo minced up by the time they are done that it looks like dog food. The beef or chicken gets so minced up that it is all tiny pieces in your meal. Then the food gets burned on the grill SUPER fast, so after they move it around a few times to cook it, they end up scraping away about 10% of your food cause it is burnt and charred on the grill. Visit and you will see what I mean if you WATCH them cook. Also, seafood like shrimp or scallops cooks faster than meat so if you choose the seafood in your bowl, it all gets cooked at the same time. This results in WAY over cooked shrimps and scallops. And it ends up tasting like crap. Id honestly say if you want the variety this place gives, go to a GOOD chinese buffet instead for less money and save your money and you still get great variety.
1	At YC's Mongolian BBQ, I can put as much rice or noodles as I'd like in my bowl.At Genghis Grill, my meal only comes up 1/2 a cup of rice.At YC's Mongolian BBQ, I mix my own sauces into my meat and noodles and put as much as I'd like in my bowl.At Genghis Grill, I get yelled at for not following instructions and not putting my sauce into a cup.At YC's Mongolian BBQ, I pay at the front, get my bowl, and go through the line, and seat myself.At Genghis Grill, I get seated at a table, curiously wonder if my purse will be stolen while I'm going through the line, and later given a check prompting me to tip someone who only served me a drink.At YC's Mongolian BBQ, the vegetables all look crisp at the station, and the rice is warm and steamy.At Genghis Grill, the vegetables are watery, as if they came from 99c cans at the supermarket, and the rice is hard/stale when it comes served in my bowl.At YC's Mongolian BBQ, I get complimentary soup/rice/drink/yogurt with my dinner purchase.At Genghis Grill, I get a big headache and wonder why I didn't just drive down to YC's.
1	Seriously...I can't make this stuff up..a blonde chick (an employee at the restaurant) with her feet up on the bar with her gnarly converse shoes was our first visual walking into Genghis Grill...then my daughter heard her say as we were standing at stand waiting for somebody to greet us..."My shift is over they are just going to have to wait"..I am glad my daughter told me the comment she made after we had left...anyway the food station was a mess...our actual  "server" was nice enough but we will not be going back...the location near paradise valley mall is much nicer and cleaner!!!
2	My wife enjoyed her meal, but I'm pretty picky when I experience the same style of food that I've had before, YC's in particular. After being seated, we grabbed our bowls and headed towards the food line. There were three rows of food and condiments. The third row was a little difficult to get to. None of the employees were paying attention to the food. You could see where people had gotten something and it spilled onto the edge of another container of food. The setup was totally inefficient. The selections were so-so. I was surprised that we could only order our noodles or rice at the end. For noodles, they used soba noodles which are a lot thicker than YC's and THEY control the portion. WHERE's THE NOODLES!! And that is one reason out of several, why I won't be back.
1	I ordered our food online.  I came there to pick it up.  Nobody even asked me anything I had to go and ask for help.  I finally got my food.  Came back to the office.  I started to eat my food and bit in to some weir plastic. I started to look through my food and I found about 6 more pieces of Plastic.  I called to speak to a manager on duty, I told him what happened and he said I am sorry I do not know how plastic into your food.  He assured me that he will credit my card, and will send me a gift card so I can come back to the restaurant because he said he doesnt want to loose a customer.  It has been a month and my card has not been credited and I never received a gift card.  So if you want to go to a restaurant and choke on a plastic as I did, do go to Genghis Grill in North Scottsdale.  The people that work there they can care less about what happens to you!!!!
2	I keep trying to like this place and each time this place just disappoints. On this particular occasion we went and the place was empty, which is a hard feat in itself. The food bar was messy, and most of the items were only half available. The bowls seem to keep getting smaller. They also don't much service oriented people around, everyone was pretty snippy and rude, though the employees were congregated at the front of the restaurant playing on their cell phones and speaking inappropriately with us within ear shot.  We went the whole meal without refills and to check up on us.  I know this is a "fast food diy" concept restaurant but for the prices and the fact that there are employees doing nothing a little attention would have done well by this place. Meh, is the best this place gets.
1	I really would not eat here, I dined here on Saturday 6/16 and used my bank card, after my card was charged and it went through I have continued to get charges from AAPA Investments out of Mesa in which owns Genghis Grill. They keep trying to charge my $15-30 dollar increments continually since Saturday, I had to cancel my bank card, file a claim with my bank, etc. It has been a nightmare, I will never be dining here again due to their fraudulent and unauthorized use of my bank card after I had already been charged. Very Very shady activity.
2	As these types of places go it was well below average.  A.better choice would be YC's at Indian Bend near the 101.This place was not big on being clean and tidy.  Ingredients were not fresh looking on bar.  Presented a bowl that host had his fingers in.  Asked for another and was accommodated but he looked stunned.  All in all a mediocre experience.
2	I hate these kinds of places where you have to pick out your own food and flavors, but against my better judgement I went anyway. I should have listened to my gut and found something better around the corner. Of course my food was TERRIBLE and instead of being able to be upset with the chef, I had only myself to blame. I could have made my own terrible pedestrian stir fry at home!
2	Food is decent.  Portions good albeit pricing is too high for end result.  Service is horrible.  Been here 5-6 times, wrong food comes out, water not refilled, or takes too long for the check.
4	I really didn't think this place was as bad as the reviewers have made it out to be.  That said, I've never been to the YC's that's been mentioned, maybe I'd change my tune if I had.  I've been to lots of Mongolian grills and this seemed right in line with the rest.  I did find it a little strange to have a server, especially since we were about 10 feet from the grill, but it's not a major complaint.  He kept our drinks filled and grabbed some chopsticks for our 4 year old when he overheard that he wanted some.  The food was tasty and seemed fresh.  I happened to like that the sauces were pre-mixed, it took some guesswork out of it.  A lot of places have "recipes" on the wall so you can make certain types of sauces, but if you don't get it right it can ruin the entire bowl.  I liked knowing what I was going to get.  FYI - you choose your carbs (rice, noodles, etc) at the grill instead of in the buffet line.  I was a bit confused when they didn't have any to add to my bowl.  I found this nice as well because I didn't have to pile my bowl as high.
4	This is the second time coming to Genghis Grill and to tell you the true I was a little skeptical in going in again because the service the first time at the Tempe Market where waitresses and waiters were very indiferent to even check periodically or ask if we needed. Anything else also it took a while to get. A re fill on a glass of my iced tea which I set in purppose at the edge of the table empty while staff kept going by acting like it they were very busy also we waited a long time to get our check, the food was good overallMy experience at the Frank Lloyd Wright location was very much rewarding and pleasant the staff was very joyfull and attentive to detail,from the moment we enter the door we were welcome and seated promply by the host and told that Tony will be our waiter which he did an amazing job starting by introducing himself and accomodating us with anything we needed our glasses of iced tea were NEVER empty and check on us in a timely matter I end up taking food home and a container for my iced tea provided by Tony over all service was EXCELLENT Tony you are awesome we will be back again for sure.
1	We ate lunch here yesterday.  This location was filthy!  Food spilled all over the counter and on the floor.  It was hard not to step in it!  I had to ask if they had more chicken & pork (both of which were nearly empty and hadn't been refilled).  When we were seated the table in our booth was not wiped off and was sticky!  Gross!  We had to ask for water 3 times! Even though we saw at least 3 employees just standing around doing nothing!  C'mon people it's 112 degrees outside!! We're thirsty!!  The service was terrible and the whole dining experience at this location left a bad taste in our mouths!  We will not be back!!!!We have been to another location near P.V. Mall.  That location is always clean and service is very good.  If you like Genghis Grill Stir Fry...head over to that location!!!
4	Friendly staff , fresh protein , great sauces  .. Awesome place for a heavy weekend lunch By the way if you check in you can get your second bowl for 1/ 2 off.
2	As far as stir-fry goes, this is extremely mediocre. The food station was a mess and the ingredients weren't fresh, and the blonde hostess was UNBELIEVABLY rude.If you want real stir-fry with "I'll have leftovers for days" portion sizes and good service, try YC's :)
5	This place is amazing. You get a small bowl & you get to fill it with as many yummy ingredients as you want. The bowl is small but you can pile it up as high as you want. You pick your sauce and if you want noodles or rice then they grill it up for you. I am not exaggerating when I say this food is amazing, delicious, fantastic.....you get the idea right? If you haven't tried this place go try it! You will not regret it.
5	This location is CLOSED, as of 2/18/13
1	We want to like Genghis Grille more than we do and have stopped here every so often hoping it will get better. It hasn't been very busy since their crazy opening over a year ago.The food is good. You get to select which veggies you want, cooked with the protein of your choice. FYI, when you start building your dish, you need to decide what goes well with what. Too much sauce and everything becomes sloppy. Too little and everything comes out dry. Soft drinks and items from the bar are higher than you would expect. Clearly a profit margin for them. Our bill runs about $15 or so a person and seems rich given the ever shrinking bowls.It's sad when a franchisee (I'm guessing) buys a business and then just ignores their investment and becomes absentee. Several Yelp'ers have written extensively about the poor service and the wait staff talking on their cell phones and ignoring the customers.  We echo these experiences and will take a pass going forward.Sorry!
