4	First to review? Located next to Metro Pizza, this store has been around for years. Since there is no Fresh & Easy in my immediate area, I've had to find a replacement for my fresh produce. This location is super convenient to my workplace. It's hardly every busy (a few other customers, maybe a handful) so parking is easy, as well as checkout. Yesterday, I got packs of kiwi, peaches, a pkg. of celery, 3 pound bag of apples, a bunch of bananas for $12.05. I've been coming here more lately since F & E is closed and sometimes it's hit or miss with the 99 cents only store. Clean, fully stocked, and doesn't disappoint. I noticed two people working last night, one cashier, and one stocking.
3	I went in here before meeting my brother nextstore at Metro Pizza.I wanted to pick up a beer for later. From my tour of the store, I saw that the majority of their inventory was institutional size items (super size). I recommend this place for people who buy institutional size items and do not want to deal with warehouse clubs. But if you want to pick up a beer for later, they don't sell any here.
4	I've been coming in here lately because they stock at least two items Costco does not, pineapple juice and regular snapple iced tea (wtf Costco? diet snapple only?). On one of my trips I spotted energy Vitamin Water which is really great for the gym and they have a deal for 1.10 each if you buy 10, the regular price is 1.49.  They only had eight but the cashier was nice enough to give me the deal anyways.  However, I don't know if this was deliberate or not, but she gave me the discount for seven of the bottles, which would actually be the correct economic reasoning in this case, as my utility for eight bottles is not as diminished as in the case of ten bottles.  Secret economist cashiers? You never know...
4	My friends and I came to Vegas for my bachelorette party, and to save a little money, we made a stop at Smart & Final on our way to the hotel.  It was a fast shopping trip, and we found everything we needed in the giant store.  (I'm going to skip the part where I would usually describe the store because you've been to a Smart & Final, yea?)We loaded up on mixers to go with our vodka, bought a handle of Jack Daniels and a big jug of Arizona green tea.  If you haven't tried Jack and sweet green tea before, I would recommend it for a simple mixed drink you can do at home.  The combination contributed heavily to my untimely demise on our last night in Vegas.  We also bought snacks, cups, and a lot of water.  We were fully supplied for the weekend, and we made good use of it all.The cashier was friendly, and asked us if we were sure we wanted the smaller handle of Jack.  I'm glad we said yes - although we finished every drop, the results did not suggest we needed any more.
5	This is my first venture back into Yelp waters, soooo I wanted to write about my best experience of late and christen it as my first Yelp review! I love this Smart and Final. I don't know how others have a problem with it. Maybe they don't understand the theory behind the creation of Smart and Finals? It's meant to cater to restaurant and businesses but it's open to the public. They don't charge membership, but most items are bulk and not meant for personal consumption.I thought everyone knew this? (bangs head repeatedly)This review isn't meant for Smart and Final as a corporation. (There are better wholesale warehouses, such as Costco, which are bigger and cheaper and you can buy gas!) This review is more for this location. I've never had anything but outstanding customer service here. The manager, I think her name is Sharon, goes out of her way to help me, even when she was super busy. The place is clean and well-stocked. I can't say anything bad about this place. So, if you're a business or restaurant that uses Smart and Final products, I highly recommend this location. You won't be disappointed.
4	Pretty good selection of stuff.  We decided to come here because it was close to the Bank of America we pulled cash out of.  Honestly, I thought the pricing would be more comparable with Costco--but it was not.  It was still better than your local supermarket, so at the end of the day--4 stars!
