5	Finally!  Legitimate mainland Chinese food.. right next to campus!  It completely reminded me of the restaurants I frequented in Chengdu-Sichuan-China, only this place is WAY cleaner!The food is as authentic as it gets!  Service was speedy.  Servers were nice.  Did not try any of the spicy foods so I didn't exactly get to evaluate the authenticity of what true Sichuanese spice is all about, but I did get a taste of the numbing peppers, so I think we're on the right track.Portions are quite large, even for their lunch specials.  $10 will get you a large helping of rice, 2 dishes, and an eggroll.  If you're looking for a place that'll serve traditional home-style Chinese dishes, this place is it! Decorations in this restaurant are simple, but you definitely get a feel of Sichuan culture here.  The traditional changing masks decor was what convinced me to go inside, and I'm so glad that I did.  My friends and I are definitely going to stop by this place more regularly now.
5	Yay ! an ACTUAL REAL chinese food place nearby UNLV. Walk-able distances next to Aloha Kitchen ! It just opened a few days ago on the 4th of April according to the owner/worker there. Quick service. Nice Chinese (mandarin) speakers. The food was pretty good. Clean, decent sized place. Food was made pretty quickly. There was a SLIGHT misunderstanding with an order at our table but they fixed it quickly, and got it out fast !Starting with the noodles. Friend ordered this beef noodle (dont remember exact name). Not bad. Had the slight "numbing" you would get from typical sichuan restaurants from the special combination of spices they use to create the "numbing" effect.. Reason why i said slight is because it is kind of slight. Not as strong as it should be but its a good start. The other noodle that was ordered was the Dan Dan Mein.. It was decent. It was made slightly different from what ive been used to, which was a "dry" noodle (not in a soup which their's was) with a thick sauce coating all the noodles with the numbing spices. Not bad though. Next thing is their lunch special. $10 for 2 dishes of your choice, a vegetable egg roll, and bowl of rice. Portion is quite large, depending on how big of an eater you are, could possibly share it. There was a few dishes that we tried ranging from cashew chicken, beijing style pork, twice cooked pork, eggplant, green bean.. All were pretty good.. Out of the few that i had mentioned, i probably liked the eggplant the most. Flavorful and soft. Green bean could be slightly better, it was slightly underseasoned.. well not underseasoned but the flavors weren't mixed evenly. It was cooked with minced pork i believe.. the pork was salty, but the green bean was slightly bland. One thing i had noticed overall with their dishes from the things we had ordered on our visit, was they are on the slightly salty side. Design of the restaurant is simple, not overly decorated. Slight contemporary design. Overall, pretty good place with minor cons but it would not stop me or my friends from visiting again soon =] Legit reason for ditching Panda Express ! Haha !
5	I really like this restaurant. I think it is the best one in Las Vegas.   I like their Hot Pot Fish Fillet and Beer boiled Duck. Next time I will try anothers. My friends told me that they have Pork Meat Ball ( new one!)  I think I will go there soon. hahaha ...
5	Update 04.14.2011: Been here 3 times in the last 8 days.  The Zha Jiang Mian is my favorite so far. HeHe.Update 04.28.2011: If you go with a large group of friends and you each order a different dish, you'll get to taste a lot more of the Sichuan-ness, and you'll probably end up paying less than for a lunch special.  :-D
4	It's the closest best Chinese food near UNLV. I'm really sick and tired of all the food around the area.  The prices are a notch higher, but their portions are big.I really like the Chongqing spicy chicken.. there was another restaurant that had that chicken in the Chinatown Plaza, but they closed. Theirs were better than here, but at least I found a replica! It's not that cheap though.I might get around to trying more of their menu when the next semester starts up, but give it a try! The waiter that we always got is super nice. Don't know his name, but they're all friendly!
4	First visit:  Service:  good - rough start - but she warmed up and things were fine.  She gets extra points for honesty... and sweetness.Cucumbers:  Good...although China Mama's is still in the lead...Potstickers:  mehEggplant with Garlic Sauce:  good version...if only a bit undercooked...Salt & Pepper Shrimp:  this and the potstickers were the duds - do not order this...the batter isn't right - and they were under cooked... Pho Kim Long has a definitive version.  Fresh Water Spinach:  deliciousPotato "Stripes" (strips):   Yunnan Garden's is the best - but it's so great to see this on a menu near campus!Spicy Fish Hot Pot:  Wow...seriously impressive presentation... do not try to breathe and swallow at the same time, lest you suffer the same fate as I - which resembled becoming a fire breathing dragon - well, once I stopped strangling...  I asked what kind of fish?  "filet"   ok... but there's enough here for a family of 6 easily.  enough bay leaves and star anise, and peppercorns, and chilipeppers to knock your socks off - and cellophane noodles on the bottom which soak up all that red unctious firey oily sauce.  This is NOT for the uninitiated or the faint of heart.  One of our dining companions said "if my mother in law saw this, she'd just drop dead from looking at all that..."   It was really interesting...most fascinating side effect is that it left all our tongues tingling and numb.  Swear.   It's been over an hour, and it's still buzzing...  which unfortunately does effect the way everything else tastes.   All this - with enough leftover to feed 3 more people easily...Extra points:  that this used to be Capriotti's - and now they're turning out authentic Chinese near campus...I just pray they stay true to their convictions...   Value:  for 3, this was an expensive lunch, but we ordered lots of things because we wanted to taste and try...and we succeeded... $80 including tip.  We'll be back soon... Oh and they have lunch specials...
4	Came here for lunch with the boyfriend since it is right next to campus! Ordered the zha jiang mian and fell in looveeee with it. The reason would probably have to be because of the noodles. They're not super soft and are very elastic and chewy and reminded me of the hand pulled noodles I've had. The boyfriend got the dan dan mian which was quite tasty too! However, being that the boyfriend is from Sichuan, he said the dan dan mian is not authentic tasting. I doubt the other items are all authentic Sichuanese food but nonetheless, they are all super super tasty!! Prices are somewhat reasonable. The two of us with the two bowls of noodles came out to be $20 with tip.
4	If this is what Chinese food is really like, someone needs to alert all the other restaurants hocking uber salty glazed heartburn inducing garbage.  I had the dried fish soup with mustard and spring rolls.  The soup was way too much, enough for at least a couple people.  I wasn't crazy about the spring rolls, but the soup more than made up for it.
4	Living on the east side of town, I have come to absolutely adore this Chinese Restaurant. It's hard to find authentic chinese food around the college area, where the average college student thinks authentic chinese food is Panda. It's slightly disheartening because there really isn't enough traffic through here as it deserves. The owner is really nice, I wouldn't necessarily say the waitress there is the friendliest. She speaks engrish real good so there are definitely lost in translation moments but I would have to say that's part of the authentic experience. My FAVORITE dish is the Szechwan Lamb. It's to DIE for and their seasonal crab is fabulous. You can't go wrong with anything szechwan you eat here since that's they're specialty. The eggplant is great, although I might be biased since I'll eat anything eggplant. Any of their veggies are great, IF they have it stocked. In the beginning when they opened, they had a great selection of veggies, but recently the low traffic stops them from keeping a large selection. I really do recommend it here. It's a great value and you'll leave a happy eater =]
5	Why is Panda Express so popular at the UNLV Student Union?  The food at Jugoo is a million times better, the prices are comparable if you order the lunch special, and you don't have to hang out in the SU (aka douche-bag central). I ordered the two-item lunch special for $9.99 with hot tea, which is complimentary and good quality.  The two-item was a lot of food; they offer a one-item for $6.99 if you're not as hungry.  The lunch specials are served with a bowl of white rice and a spring roll.  The spring roll is not good, next time I go I'll tell them not to give me one with my lunch special because it actually takes away from the rest of the meal.  With my lunch special I had the dry cooked beef with leeks and the spicy garlic eggplant.  Both dishes were perfect.  Like I said this place is a million times better than Panda Express and they cook the food to order instead of slopping it on a plate from a trough.  The dry cooked beef was stir-fried, tender cuts of beef, served with pleasantly-peppery gravy.  The spicy garlic eggplant was just like the name sounds, pretty spicy and definitely garlicky, tossed in a mildly sweet sauce.I highly recommend both options.I wish I wasn't dining solo on this outing to Jugoo, because everything on the menu sounded great and it would've been nice to share other items with some other people.  There's always next time.
2	Oh Yunnan Garden, you really spoil us! Day two in our search for a comparable Yunnan style restaurant here in Vegas. We were led to Jugoo by a fellow Yelper who told us about this "Yunnan" style restaurant yesterday.  Looking at the pics and review from fellow Yelpers, we had to give it a try. Though nowhere as good as Yunnan Garden, IMHO, it is better than J's Noodle which we tried last night. Price-wise, most of the dishes that are under $10 are about $1 more than Yunnan Garden. The letdown is that the dishes here are smaller than Yunnan Garden.Here is what we ordered:Dan-Dan (or Tan Tan as Jugoo calls it) Noodles-I have eaten several variations of this noodle in Vegas, SoCal, Taiwan and China. Flavor is light and delicate. My biggest complaint is that for $7.99, I expected a larger portion with a little more meat. I was disappointed that the bowl mine was served in (see my pic) was not as big as another reviewer. This portion is about 75% the size of Yunnan Garden's in terms of total noodle weight and mix-in ingredients and $1 more.Sliced Fish in Oil (spicy)-Well executed dish.  Very flavorful and consistent with others we have tried. The one thing is that Jugoo cheats on portion size by using Napa Cabbage on the bottom as "filler" material to make the portion of fish appear larger. Again, Yunnan has Jugoo beat in terms of price and quantity of fish."A-Choy" in Garlic-well executed and full of garlic flavor. "A-Choy" is like spinach where it cooks down to a small size. There was plenty of vegetable in this dish. We really liked this dish.Mushroom and Pork Stew-"Wheres the pork???" I have saved the worst for last! What a big disappointment this dish was. If  I came alone and only ordered the Tan-Tan Noodles and this dish, Jugoo would have received a One Star from me and I hardly hand out One Star. My expectation of a Chinese "Stew" is something that comes out of a clay pot or a large bowl. I envisioned a savory variety of mushrooms with chunks of stewed pork. I was terribly mistaken, my fellow Yelpers. The "stew" was placed in a metal basket kept warm with some Sterno on the bottom. Mushrooms were the long-stringy type (sorry don't know the name-look at my pic for these dark stringy items). The pork was a sad collection of thin strips. The total weight of the pork before cooking had to be less than two ounces; there was hardly any meat. To add insult to injury, Jugoo used green bell peppers and white onions as "fillers" to make the portion appear larger.  Jugoo needs to re-read the definition of "stew."I am a big fan of beef stew noodles and see they serve it here. But after this meal, I refuse to trek back.I really wanted to give 2.5 Stars but Yelp doesn't have half-point ratings and a 3 Star is not warranted based on our experience tonight. We feel really cheated by the Mushroom Pork Stew for $11.99 (IIRC) that hardly had any pork and had more green peppers and white onions and also, the Napa filler underneath the fish to make the dish appear "larger."
5	Went to actually go to Aloha Kitchen with my Friend around 8pm last night noticed Jugoo right next door and decided to try something new. Walking in the place felt very warm, very well and simply decorated, and the people there were amazing helping us choose the spicy boiled beef some seafood fried rice and potstickers. The presentation of the food was beautiful and it tasted even better hope to make this place my new regular spot and probably never going to Panda again.
4	Although it doesn't have a lot of atmosphere, the food here was amazing and inexpensive for what you get.  The yang chow fried rice was the bomb!There was no toilet paper or even paper towels in the ladies room or I would have given it 5 stars.
1	We ordered- water boiled beef- white cut pork- ...Went with a party 7. Two (2) of us got sick with food poisoning from the at least the water boiled beef. We were on vacation to las vegas and the national parks, and we were thoroughly messed up for the next 2 days. We threw up at least once over that night. The next morning, we barely could get up. I was the tour guide; i had to relieve myself from those duties the whole of next day. It was tylenol, gatorade, and sleeping -- on my vacation. Shit.Don't go to this restaurant if you need your health the next few days.
4	I'm starting to love this place more and more. The first time I went I got soup and it wasn't my favorite and it was also huge so I couldn't try anything else. But i think that was one bad day because they have SO MUCH MORE to offer.  I've come back for dinner and lunch menus and I am hooked on their classic green beans. They don't have brown rice or a great variety of vegan choices but vegetarians could get by pretty well. Their peanuts and tofu is an interesting yummy appetizer, veggie fried rice tastes just like the fried rice I use to eat in Japan, not too strong with soy sauce like Panda Express or too greasy... Full of veggies like I like it. Lunch has a great option of picking one or two food with rice and vegetable spring rolls. People are nice and u can tell its legit because most of their customers are Chinese. :) Check it out and support small business! U won't regret it nom nom ...
2	If you were considering the veggie fried rice, just swing by your local supermarket and buy an onion instead. Also, don't expect them to put sweet & sour sauce in your take-out bag if you order egg rolls. They won't.
5	Jugoo Specials in Hunan Chinese, which means....be prepared for Spicy food!The dishes I like are:Beef Noodle SoupTan Tan NoodlesMix Mix Beef Tendon plateMa Po TofuThey have some Chicken dish there that is pretty awesome..but I forget the english name..its suppose to be their signature dishThey don't really have a restaurant like this in the bay area or LA.  It's not fancy but its all about the food and good spicy food.
4	The food here is great! Their menu has so much variety and keeps you wanting to try something new each time you go. I'm a huge fan of all their eggplant dishes and lamb dishes. The only thing I can say is that they're portions vary on a daily basis. But other than that, the food is amazing. I would highly recommend eating here :)
4	I've recently become a regular to this restaurant after a recommendation.  I had just about given up on Chinese food in Las Vegas before trying this place.  The food here is always consistent and they have a really good lunch special.  As others said its $6.95 for 1 item with rice and a spring roll or $9.95 for 2 items.  I usually only get 2 items when I'm really hungry, and enjoy every last bite of it.  The eggplant with yellow bean paste, duck with tea sauce, beef with leak, and dry cooked beef/lamb are my favorites.  My mouth is actually salivating thinking about the duck, it was one of the best I've had at a chinese restaurant!!  One thing I would not recommend here are the wonton soup.  They were really doughy and didnt really have any filling in it.  Other then that everything else I've tried is great.
4	A hidden little family owned restaurant close to UNLV that features spicy dishes!  Upon entering the establishment, I noticed that all of the patrons were Asian....truly a mark of authenticity.  :)  The interior was clean and cosy and service was efficient enough, if lacking in warmth.  Unfortunately, the credit card machine wasn't working that day, which meant we had to do some scrounging to find enough cash to pay the bill.  We ordered the spicy eggplant, the spicy tofu, and the tofu/fish dishes.  All were very tasty and spicy, but not *too* spicy.  I could taste the non-spice elements easily.  My only criticism is that the eggplant dish was a bit on the oily side, but then again, eggplants are the sponges of the veggie family, soaking up whatever they come in contact with!I would definitely come here again to enjoy some yummy food in a quiet atmosphere close to UNLV.*FYI: Jugoo is in the same little plaza as the Smashburger on Maryland Parkway.*
2	Maybe it's the fact that I'm sick and therefore am not in the mood for incompetence, but I find myself quite displeased with this place. I had ordered the egg and tomato noodle. What I received was hot water ( with a sprinkle of chicken broth) noodles and some tomatoes sprinkled inside with an oily fried  egg on top. All this costed me $7.99. Just.... No.
5	Getting obsessed with Sichuan food recently; this place is authentic and SPICY. Small and uncrowded, as close as In-N-Out and cheaper than Smashburger for lunch. Infinitely better and comparably priced to Panda in the SU. I've been here twice now and had the following:Sichuan chopped chicken - comes on a bed of dried chilis, great and peppery. Chicken was a bit bony, though. This is ostensibly their signature and it definitely tastes great and leaves your tongue pleasantly numb.Sichuan twice-cooked pork - Fantastic lunch special dish, spicy in all the right ways.Eggplant in spicy garlic sauce - not nearly as hot as the above two dishes, but amazingly savory and visually stunning. Almost my favorite dish, but it's hard to pick when everything is so good.
2	Went here with a classmate during finals week. Food was amazing compared to the Panda Express we eat twice a week at the SU. The service on the other hand was terrible. We weren't even offered water. Ordered something to go and when I got home I realized the server/cashier had put two different types if sauced meats in one container without a partition. The food wasn't even sealed properly, the bag was soaked with sauce. For a Chinese place to not know how to do a to-go order baffles me! May have to try it one more time to give a better star rating :/
4	Good and reasonable Si Chuan cuisine not to far from the strip.  I had a delicious cucumber in garlic appetizer (shared with my dining companion) and the fish hotpot for the main course.  The fish hotpot was of a generous size (probably enough for two but the food was very light and I was hungry, so I ate a good portion of it) and only cost 13.99.  It was somewhat spicy (not particularly compared to Si Chuan restuarants I've visited in China) and very flavorful, and everything tasted very fresh.  The place is not much to look at, but the service was better than I'd read, quite pleasant actually.  I'd recommend wholeheartedly.
1	Jugoo's location (right next to UNLV) makes it the most convenient place to drop by after class when I want Chinese. You will most likely see a Maserati parked in front. Just throwin' it out there, it's not a wealthy patron with a taste for Chinese food, but in fact the owner's fancy ride.Jugoo was "featured" on Dirty Dining. I generally assume places clean up their act after a hit from the health department--and the news--but not this place! While everything seems clean and hygienic, on my most recent visit, I discovered mold in the chili sauce. The tiny plastic container kept on the table was full of mold--in plain view of the customers. Totally a gross discovery. While the food was generally tasty, the rotten chili sauce AFTER the health department was in there is pretty ridiculous.If they'll put moldy chili sauce on the table, what do you think the food looks like in the back? Reason why spoiled rich kids shouldn't run restaurants. I would prefer not to get food poisoning due to someone's carelessness--thanks.
5	Brought my non-asian friend here since he hasn't tried chinese food in awhile and not really a fan of chinese food. I asked him "you like spicy" he's like "yup." To which I replied, "I know exactly where we're going." Ever since that day, He has fallen in love with Jugoo! All you need to order is the spicy maopao tofu, szechuan beef boiled pot "extra spicy," and the twice cooked pork with cabbage. Jugoo is seriously the most authentic and delicious chinese food you can get. I can honestly say that this is in my top 3 for Chinese Restaurants! Never dissapoints :)
3	Finally, I found a Chinese restaurant that isn't in Chinatown (I need to get out from under my rock)! Szechuan and spiced up is the specialty and the pork belly lunch special is a grand larceny of a deal. Pricing generally falls between $-$$.Smaller restaurant that doesn't seem to get busy (it was the summer semester @ UNLV).  Loved the decor and authenticity of the food!I'll want to keep my eye on this spot, as I've been told Jugoo was previously under fire from the SNHD.
1	I had the Lamb and my daughter had the beef and noodles and everything is just overly spicy overly seasoned too aggressive the noodles were undercooked the sauces were junk I've had better Chinese. The people are nice but the place was dead just not good food
4	Excellent place if you want a good lunch special and spicy !!! Get the Twice cooked Pork, I love it
5	best restaurant ever i like the spicy dishes thereand the environment is so great classic chinese restauranti recommmened the hot pot tish fillet i really love the food there and worth to  recommebnd to frds
1	We ordered food and waited 55 mins.  People who got into the restaurant later then us got their food quicker than us.  When we told them we've been waiting about an hour and we will just go and her answer was.. "allright." They don't know how to say sorry.  Server did not know english that well that she was not able to answer my questions regarding the menu. We ordered hot tea which we never got while we were waiting for 55 mins.
2	Gross. Lo Mein was incredibly salty, without much other flavor. Egg rolls were soggy and disgusting. Forgot to include sweet and sour sauce in the to go order. Vegetable fried rice had peas, just. It should be called "peas fried rice". Oh, and it's more expensive than average.
