3	Coyote Joe's is a country bar/dance club. You're going to see more cowboy hats & boots here than you ever thought possible. And this place is absolutely HUGE! If I count correctly, there are around 3 main bars, & beer tubs throughout the place. And while most of the action takes place on the main floor, there is an upper level that overlooks the dance floor.There is always a cover to get in, but with this bars location, you should head here for the entire night. It's just too out there to go anywhere else. The drink prices are pretty reasonable, & every other Saturday is 1-2-3 night.The dance floor is always packed with line-dancers & others, dancing away to the country music being played. Most of the time it's a live country band on stage, but they play music during intermissions. Other than dancing, you can ride the mechanical bull for $5, play pool upstairs or down, or play arcade games. With enough space & enormous "bar atmosphere," Coyote Joe's is really a good time if you go with a big group. Don't worry if you don't love country music, you're still going to enjoy yourself.
1	Just say no. It's smoky, it's country, it's worse than Georgetown, WDC, in terms of diversity (I mean I'm used to being the Token Black Chick, but seriously, I shouldn't be the only dot of color in the place). Just say no.
5	I've been to Coyote Joe's a couple of times. The place is massive with a wonderful dance floor and great instructors that teach a variety of line dances...something for both beginners and seasoned dancers. The place is spacious enough that they can really pump out the live music without it feeling like your ears are bleeding.
5	I went to a handful of bars during my last trip to Charlotte and this was by far my favorite spot. It probably depends on what night you go, but I was spoiled with an amazing country cover band and a great DJ playing some booty shaking music in between sets. My friend tells me they give free line dancing lessons (wednesday night I believe. There is a large patio outside for the smokers, and areas to hang out away from the dance floor. It was a pretty young crowd the night that I went. Drinks were average priced and the bartender made some interesting shots. Ill definitely be going back the next time Im in the area!
4	Let's first note that I hate country music - even new country, rock country, whatever, I don't like it.  So why I am giving a country bar 4 stars?  Because it's actually a decent place for what it is.  The place is large, has a huge stage and a huge dance floor.  Shortly before I moved to Charlotte, a rave was held here, and man this would have been a perfect place for that due to these reasons.  CJ's reminds me of a place I used to go to in Buffalo called Howdy's, and they also hosted dance music events there.  I ended up going to CJ's because a friend of a friend was getting married soon, and this was one of the stops on the bachelor's party night.  Even in Coyote Joe's, not everyone is country, nor was all of the music.  We had a diverse mix of transplants and natives, as did most of the groups of women we talked to.  They even played both kinds of music -country AND western :)  Actually there was a live country band, but they also played some rock tunes, such as Red Hot Chili Peppers.  They would play 5 songs or so, and then the DJ would play dance hits like Electric Slide and Cupid Shuffle.  Only about 25% of what I heard was country music this night.The main negative of this place is that (as expected), you won't find any local or craft beer. No biggie, I had a 30 minute drive home, so 1 drink was it.  The parking lot is huge, but this stretch of Wilkinson is a little sketchy...I think people know better to mess with a bunch of good ole' boys who are in all likelihood strapped.  Oh, everyone working at the place was super nice too.
4	Well I have to admit straight away, I'm not a boot scooter, honkey tonker, line dancer or even remotely a country type a gal by any stretch of the means. But, I gotta hand it to Joe's they have a pretty nice place to lay down your boots, or heels... or flip flops. And perhaps I'm lying a tiny bit, I do love me some George Jones. They are as country as you can get, with their gravel parking lot and cow boy hats and boots abound. I half expected the Marlboro man to ride up on his faithful steed hollerin, "Yeeeeeehaaaaawwwwww!!"  It's a huge venue that opens up into a few separate areas and has a large stage that has famous acts and their own house band jamming away. I went for a birthday and didn't know how the night would go, but after I walked in under that gleaming chandelier in the lobby I figured it'd be pretty fun and I was right. The main area is totally for the music. It's got a large bear encased in glass who watches over the crowd, and a bar to serve up some inexpensive drinks. I was very pleased with the prices, but they only take CASH! Keep that in mind. If you are like myself and hoard all your cash in lieu of a plastic rectangle, no worries... they have an ATM, with a $2.00 fee to start your  night out right. The middle area has another bar, and some seating areas, but not much, and the back area has the famous mechanical bull, great for people watching. There are funny things throughout the place to catch your eye, like a pair of legs hanging out of the ceiling and a guy sitting on top of a deer or some other animal head. Near the bathrooms they even have a huge buffalo standing guard. Upstairs are some pool tables to get your hustle on, and yet another bar to keep you from being thirsty while you're, hustlin. hustlin. hustlin...every day I'm hustling.. Oh wait, that's Rick Ross, wrong venue. The only reason for the lack of that fifth star is the seating, and the cash only. I was wearing heels and my feet were sore by 11! There isn't a ton of carpet throughout and no empty seats around. I do have to admit, this was a Chris Young concert though, so there may have been more people than normal. If I get a hankerin for some boot scootin, I know where I'll be headed. :)
5	Coyote Joes is a WONDERFUL place to enjoy your night and have a good time weather you are into country music or not. There is a live band that is absolutely phenomenal. They play mostly country music but some rock and roll as well. Drinks are VERY reasonable and the staff is kind and friendly!! Bring cash. Tip the bartender. They are great.The band members truly love their jobs and they show it. Thank them for your good time, they're the ones who keep ya going! This place has dancing, corn hole, pool, bull riding, great bar (several), live music and a fantastic atmosphere. HAVE A GREAT TIME!
4	This may be the best country music bar in all of North Carolina. It seems like they have one or two national touring acts come around a couple times a month for about $20 or less. The venue itself is a rather large indoor bar. They have four main full service bars, one of the bars is up on the mezzanine. On the busy nights they bring out a few portable bars with just beer. The drink prices are also extremely reasonable. A domestic beer is around $2.50. I do not know any other concert venues that sell beer at a low price like that. On nights where there is no national act, they typically have their house band play. The band plays a lot of cover songs. There is typically some people line dancing on the dance floor. If you want to play, they have a riding bull and pool tables on both levels. The bar is non smoking, but for you smokers there is a huge outdoor patio on the side of the building.
3	This place is huge and spacious, making it a perfect venue for large events as they serve food and drinks and it is very spread out......it has an upper level with pool tables and a bar but it's not as spacious but is perfect for people watching.  That being said, this place gets very hot as the crowds pile in.....I mean they were passing out fans and towels for goodness sake.......now I'm not sure if that is a problem with the cooling system or what but for a natural chic with a blowout these are unacceptable conditions and conditions my hair cannot withstand for an extended period of time.......definitely not a good look.
3	I"m writing this review frooooom the fuuuutuuurreeeee.Coyote Joe's is a big country bar and by big I mean huge. Large dance floor. Multiple bars and more cornhole than you can shake a stick at. It's not really my scene but it's quite cheap so yay!
4	I actually love this place. Except for the cover charge. It is $12 every single time. I think that is more expensive than any club I've been to Uptown.Now, to be fair, on times that I've been (usually a Saturday night) domestic beers are only $1. I never drink enough for that to balance out, but if that is an attraction point for you, you should know about it.The place itself is an awesome venue for concerts, line dancing, pool, and drinking cheap beer. Constructed like big wooden honkey-tonk bar, the place looks like a mix between the bar in Roadhouse and a giant ski lodge. They recently re-did the front bar and included more space and a level above it. Because there are at least three bars, I've never had to wait long to get a drink.On Wednesday nights they offer line dancing lessons so when you come back on the weekend, you can have a bit more fun.I'm not sure if they change out the house band or not but every time I've been, the band has been top notch playing today's top country hits.There is a good mix of legit cowboys, rednecks, motorcyclists and just people from the city looking for a good time. Everyone seems to mix well. I've personally never seen a fight break out but did see a guy slip brass knuckles past security once in his back pocket. Had a fight broken out, I was not going to be near that guy.I really wish they'd drop the door fee because I think more people would come regularly. But, this place a really good time.
4	I'm from Nebraska and went to high school/college in Southwest Virginia, so is it really any surprise that this girl loves country music?I adore this place. Coyote Joe's is a great venue that scores some fantastic country stars right as they are making a name for themselves. It was just a little over a year ago they had Florida Georgia Line there. Now look at them. Crazy to see how that band has blown up in such a short amount of time. I love it.You can't beat 1,2,3 nights. They rotate between Fridays and Saturdays so be sure to check their website. Looking for a fun girls night? Every Wednesday is ladies night. You can even learn how to line dance. If anyone ever wants to go do this, please call me. The place is huge. Bars all around, but pack some patience. Sometimes there's a wait to get drinks. Some of the bartenders have been there for what seems like forever. Part of the charm of this place. Tons of pool tables upstairs. So if you're down to drink beer out of cans and listen to some great country music... this is your place. MAKE SURE TO BRING CASH. They do not accept credit cards and you don't want to pay the ATM fees. Check the calendar often to keep up with who's coming to town. Randy Houser rocked an acoustic show last night. It has me even more fired up for the summer country concert season.
3	We went here for am Aaron Lewis concert cheap beer and drinks but it gets stupid crowded it may have been the Concert mostly likely. But if you go to a concert spring for the VIP seating areas its worth it other wise you have to deal with standing room only. If Aaron Lewis played there again or someone else I liked I would go but again I would pay for the VIP seating areas.
1	Went to see Joe Nichols last night and was disappointed in a few things.  First of all my friend and I went to the bar to get a drink and they don't accept credit cards!  What established bar/event venue doesn't accept credit?? Then the real problem arose... during the concert, some drunk idiots started causing issues.  One guy spilled his beer all over everyone around him and they were bumping and pushing people.  Someone went to get the bouncer and he just came and told the guy to stop.  Obviously that didn't do anything so the problem continued.   This was all during my favorite song which really made me mad.  The bouncer ended up coming back and getting the guys.  Later, during another GREAT song, the guys came back and pushed in front of us.  Next thing you know the guy got in a fight with all the other people around him.  It was a huge brawl and it took a good long time for any bouncers to arrive.  I felt very unsafe this whole time and it was because of the lack of awareness and/or the lack of care that the bouncers had for the well being of the patrons.  Will probably not be going back and will definitely not recommend going to any of my friends.
3	This was my first time here. Friendly staff, very spacious, free corn hole, multiple pool tables, and great scenery! Only downfall is credit cards are not accepted. That's the only reason for the lower rating. Be sure to bring cash with you!
