5	An adorable surprise of an Inn in the middle of absolutely nowhere.  I was doing a long-distance bike ride through AZ and booked a room here only b/c Florence seemed like a good stopping point before a full-day ride to Tucson.  From the moment I rode up to the entrance of the courtyard, I was astounded.  The courtyard has a tranquil appeal, complete with a water fountain to soothe what ails you.  The room I was in (Dolores) was delightfully decorated and outfitted w/ the comfiest queen sized bed, TV, fridge, hairdryer, French soaps and shampoo, and vintage bedside reads.  And in the morning, there was breakfast, during which Linda, the owner, offered me extra food to pack for my ride to Tucson.  What a treat to have found this place.  This would be the perfect place to take a quiet long weekend escape from the hustle of life and read, write, breathe and just be still.  I intend to come back soon.
5	This is our home away from home! If you ever come near this area, you will not regret staying at the Rancho Sonora. It is a nice place to get together with a family and can accommodate a large group of people.We love staying at their casita, a self standing house. Everything is super clean and tastefully decorated. We stayed twice at Casita-Ilsa. The Ilsa has a full kitchen with a eat-inn counter, TV room, a comfortable bed and large bath tub.There are also affordable motel rooms which are very charming.They also have jacuzzi and pool. My father in-law stays at RV park for winter. He loves the community.I love going there to see him, thanks to the comfortable and welcoming environment they provide there.
5	The most relaxing bed and breakfast in Southern Arizona.  Linda, the owner, is wonderful.  She really goes out of her way to make sure you have a comfortable stay.  And her dogs are charming too.  You get so much more than what you pay for.  The breakfast is technically a continental breakfast, but it really leaves you satisfied - yogurt, toast, fruit, juice, coffee, cereal, oatmeal, all kinds of good stuff.  The beds are comfortable and the rooms are spotless.  My favorite feature is the pool area - a two person hammock, spa with a little waterfall, and a grill that guests can use for BBQs.  Lovely place to get away for a night or two...and really feel like you took a vacation.
4	If you want to get off the grid and really relax what a cool place. It offers options from nice rooms to casitas with multiple bedrooms/bathrooms and a full kitchen. There is no restuaraunt on the property, but a nice pool, wifi, etc.
4	Very nice room...super clean and comfortable. Quiet. Reasonably priced.I will stay there again if in this area.
5	I stayed here for a wedding a couple years ago. We rented out the whole place and it was awesome. I would definitely recommend it!
