2	It's Quiznos.  It's mediocre food.  It's conveniently downtown.  Convenient mediocrity gets eaten.
4	I wasn't fan for a long time. I was burnt out on sandwiches. But after my light-headed experience at the marriage bureau I was ready for some food. Ordered the Pesto Basil Chicken sandwich and fell back in love with a sandwich. Very yummy! I love the small portions too. The perfect bite.
3	** not closed **While I despise most chain sammie spots, when you've been hosed by your regular deli a few times (City Centre Cafe) sometimes change is good. After a quick comparison, this Quiznos actually provides better salads, sammies and soups over CCC (sad really). Supporting local biz? Good. Eating sub par deli food? Bad. Provided you ignore the pre-sliced meat that comes in a bag, the 'wiches here aren't the worst. Customize it the way you want, watch it get all toasted and you're golden. The reason for the low(er) star rating is bc little things like the iced tea and soups are typically empty or running out and never refilled. Also, the hours are funky and they're closed on weekends.
4	Quiznos is Quiznos as another reviewer said.  If you like Quiznos you'll love this location.  The staff is friendly and if you're a regular who works downtown like me they'll get to know you and remember your order.  The staff is super nice and very quick even with the crazy crowds of the downtown juries, lawyers, and court staff.My personal favorite is the flat-bread sandwiches and the soup but the salads are good as well.
1	I'm not sure if it's just this location or any other Quiznos but today I came here for the new Mac and Cheese pasta bowl with seafood and lobster and I was highly disappointed. When you think of Mac and Cheese you would think it to be cheesy. It seemed like the only cheese I saw or tasted was cheese that they sprinkled on top. I was eating plain pasta that had seafood on top with sprinkled cheese, baked. This location is good but this product was highly highly disappointing. Now I'm wondering if they just forgot to make my pasta "Mac and Cheese"??? Hmm...
5	Quiznos keeps it's long reputation of good subs sandwiches. They now have a great deal for sub sandwichesita $2.99 for a small sub. It's a great bang for your buck. Also I will never forget, their customer service is beyond expectation for a busy restaurant. If your near downtown or if your going for a court date. Swing by and pick up your favorite subs.
