3	I thought this was the 'City that Never Sleeps.'  Crap!  I guess that is actually New York, but what gives?  It's 12:30am and I want some damn dinner! This is the only place at the Mirage that we could find that was still slinging it.  In fact, I think it's only open from 11pm to 6am, and their service here knows they are the only game in town, well, in this casino anyway, so they don't particularly care that they're rather slow.  Anyway, this is Vegas, and I am keeping some random hours, so I end up eating here twice.  Both times I had the strawberry Belgian waffles.  What can I say; it was pretty good and decently priced.  Their coffee was good too; kept me going anyway :)
3	Reason:Breakfast....and we didn't want to head outside, haha.Bueno:Good prices for some pretty good food. My corned beef hash had a little too much onion for my taste, but my mom's Belgian waffle was rockin' and so was my sister's poached eggs. No Bueno:Service was spotty and slow...they're some lazy ones.
1	Wow.  Why do they have this restaurant at the Mirage?  I ate here for breakfast with my fiancee, and we highly regret it.  We waited in line for about 30 minutes, and the service was even slower.  Once we got seated, it took us about 15 minutes to get our drink orders.  Once we got our drinks, it took another 15 minutes to get our food orders.  We both ordered the complete breakfasts and it tasted horrible. The eggs were soggy, the potatoes were mushy, and the ham steak was disgusting. Don't get me started on the prices.  It cost $6.50 for a glass of orange juice! Horrible...just plain horrible.  We ended up paying for food that was similar to what we paid for in room service.By all means, do not eat here.  The service is slow and the waiters are very, very rude. This is unacceptable, especially at the Mirage.  Do yourself a favor and walk across the street to McDonald's.  Trust me.
1	I think this may be the worst hotel cafe in Vegas.  Not only was it insanely overpriced, something that I was expecting to happen, the quality was actually below that of Denny's.  The only reason we went in was to kill some time while the boys gambled.  Our food was delivered quickly which was nice but there was nothing satisfying about it.  (Which is really saying a lot since it was 6 am and we had been out for the entire night...)
1	Horrible. If you can't even get the basics right like chicken noodle soup or French onion soup (which had a huge blob of cheese on top and a slice of bread soaking in between)  - both were way too salty - what's the point of opening a restaurant? I'd rather go to Denny's.
2	This place is ok. Decided to go here since we were staying at the Mirage. So it was convenient. We thought it would be fast to eat at a cafe, but man the service took forever. We were all starving and the food took more than half an hour to get to us. I had the ahi poke and ahi sandwhich. The ahi poke was ok, nothing like Roy's. The sandwhich was better, but not superb. A bit disappointed.
3	i've been eating at Caribe since I can remember (my gparents used to live in Vegas).  My dad used to take my sister and I there so that we felt "included" in the Vegas experience since we couldn't gamble, stand there while my dad gambled....basically do the things the adults could do.  It's changed a few times (decor and menu) but I will always have a bit of a soft spot for it in my heart.  I ate a very late night/early morning meal there this weekend (grilled cheese and cole slaw).  I think the grilled cheese could have tasted better (how do you mess that up) but the cole slaw was great.  My friend's chicken fingers were great, and my other friends omelette was almost tasteless according to her.  Not so good this time.  I've been many times and for the most part it lives up to high expectations.  Service isn't always the greatest and the prices seem to sky rocket each time I come back....$12 for grilled cheese?  We were hungry...what can I say?  : )
4	So on my last DAY before I had to catch a noon flight out of LAS, I get my ass up at 2:30am and do my hair and make up.Drais hasn't seen the last of me!Hungry from dancing 6 hours straight at Wet, one of my girls and I went out for a CHEESE BURGER.Weird that this place has such terrible reviews. I was glad we found something open and decent to eat. We ordered a fresh jicama and mandarin salad, which to my surprise was reallllly good. I was expecting something yucky given the hour but again, its Vegas so it was good!15 minutes later my huge, juicy cheeseburger with swiss and sauteed mushrooms arrives in all its glory... after 3 bites I'm full. I felt like such a sinner wasting 2 perfectly good burgers (my friend only took a few bites of hers too) I guess that happens when you deprive yourself of a normal eating schedule. Oh well. At least next time I know where to grab a burger and salad at any hour in a nice hotel.
2	**Actual occurrences that took place between me and Keri in Las Vegas during our search for somewhere - anywhere! - that would serve lunch before 11am. Perhaps or perhaps not after 16 hours of boozing and 1 hour before we had to fly back to NYC**Act 1, Scene 1Setting: 10am, Vegas. Poolside Cafe. Cue Keri:Keri (to waitress): "Hi, can I have a Diet Coke and BLT?"Waitress: "Sorry," pops gum. "We don't serve lunch until 11am."[Looks at Keri and CK condescendingly. Thinks: fatties.]Keri: "Well do you have the ingredients???"Waitress: "Yes."Keri: "Then I don't understand why you can't make me a BLT? Now."Waitress: "Because it's not 11am." [CK starts to cry. Waitress takes pity] "OK, if you want lunch food, you should go to Crepe Cafe in the hotel."Keri: "Crepes? CREPES? So what, I go there and get a bunch of crepes?"Waitress: "Uh, I mean if you want." [Looks confused] But they serve burgers and fries and stuff 24 hours."[CK rips up menu and throws water on the ground. Keri tosses over the table. Exit.]Act 1, Scene 2.Setting: Crepe Cafe is actually Caribe Cafe. 10 people stand in line for a half empty dining room.CK: "Uh. What's the deal with this line? I see about 42 free tables?"Person in Front: "I don't know."CK: "What do you mean you don't know?"Person in Front: "Uh, I mean I don't know..." [CK rolls eyes, nudges Keri, points at Person in Front. Swears.]Fast forward 15 minutes.Hostess: "Hi! We can seat you now! Follow me!"[Keri and CK race after hostess. Jump in booth. Clap hands. Grab menus. Talk about burgers and fries. Stop. No lunch food on menu. Freak out commences.]CK: "Keri! Did you ask them if they serve lunch food?" [CK agitated. Eye twitching.]Keri: "Well the other woman told me they did!" [Keri starts to panic. Turns over menu. Grabs another.]CK: "I did NOT just wait 15 min in line to not get a burger!"[Enter unsuspecting Salvadorean waiter.]CK: "Hey! You! They told us there'd be burgers here."Keri: "And fries!!!!!!"Waiter: "I just take drink orders."[CK throws menu on ground again. Swears. Curtains close.]Act 1, Scene 3Setting: Keri is rocking back and forth in her chair. CK is lying on the ground, crying. Clouds part, Heavens open, Angels start to sing. Enter our savior, Lai, The Wonder Waitress.Lai: You want burgers?Keri and CK: YES!Lai: You want BLT?Keri and CK: YES!Lai: Fries?Keri and CK: YES, YES, YES!!!![Wait at least another 30 min. Food arrives. In any other setting, no self-respecting human being would touch with a 10 foot pole.]Final Act:Setting: Keri and CK shoveling food, quietly, into mouths. CK unbuttons pants. Keri steals fries when not looking. Lai gets big tip.Le Fin.
3	Every year we go to Las Vegas and we always get breakfast here.THey don't have a big selection but they sure do have big proportions. -1 for lack of selection-2 for lack of original specialtiesIt may be a little pricey but otherwise it's good.How cheap do you expect a restaurant in a luxurious hotel to be?
4	I have not tried much here but what I tried was good.  I went for breakfast.  I had coffee (I got a whole pot to myself, too!) and cinnamon French toast.  I really wanted some fruit but what the menu listed was marinated strawberries which would seem to be some sort of syrupy strawberry thing.  Regardless, I wanted the strawberries so I ordered them with my French toast.When my French toast was served, it actually had a side of fresh sliced strawberries and bananas which were not anywhere on the menu but were precisely what I wanted on my French toast.  It was as of the unseen cook somehow read my mind.  So, this really was a mess up but it happened to work for me.  And, the French toast was good and served with a little pitcher of maple syrup and a bowl of butter.I thought they had a decent selection of breakfast options (there were several that sounded really good to me) and the service was good.  There was a line when we arrived but it seemed to go away very quickly.  Again, I am not sure about the non-breakfast items here but I would return here for breakfast quite happily.
3	Fine for sandwiches and fries.  I wouldn't get anything else there.  It isn't gourmet, it's like a glorified Denny's.  But it is quick, and portions are huge, and the hamburger was just fine.
1	After a late Saturday night. Sunday morning called for breakfast stat! My group walked over to Carnegie Deli and saw a short line, so we said screw it and walked back to Caribe Cafe where there was no line. Turns out our group of eight still had to wait for like 20 minutes to get a table. Despite the fact that the cafe still had plenty of empty tables,  I assume they just did not have enough servers that morning?!?Anyway Las Vegas Casino Cafe's are pretty much glorified Denny's. So their food is always just good enough, and pricing is fair. However the service here really really SUCKED big time. I mean it took literally forever for anything and everything. Probably about 10 minutes before someone took our drink order, another 10 minutes before we got our drinks. Another 10 minutes before they took our food order, another 20 minutes before we actually got our food...on top of that they forgot half of our drinks and we had to remind some of them like 3 times to bring certain drinks they forgot. Oh but the bill came real fast (hmm...) Yeah never again...go to Carnegie Deli short walk away, guarantee much better food and service.  No wonder this damn place was empty. ~G
3	The Caribe Cafe is in the Mirage Hotel/Casino in Las Vegas, and is your standard coffee shop, no more no less.  Standard fare, reasonably good service.I sat at the counter as a single recently, but I wouldn't advise it.  There is less service there, and they kind of forget about you.
3	After checking in to the Mirage we needed some food asap!! So we took our luggage into the rooms and as we came down the elevator we saw the Caribe Cafe right away!  We took a look at their touch scroll menu on a huge plasma in front of the cafe and found it was perfect for a quick bite. We got seated and ordered a d.coke,, ice tea, buffalo wings, raspberry jicama babygreen salad, and a patty melt!  Service was quick and accomodating my dad needed directions to the restroom to wash his hands and they said they would just bring him some wet naps and cloths which was nice since the bathroom is outside the cafe.  The wings were very buffalowy and tasty however they were a little cold and they tasted old as if they had been reheated once or twice bleh.  The patty melt was yummy super greasy but how else is a patty melt supposed to be?  Plus the fries were yummy except the occasionallly BEYOND crispy ones.  The salad was yum with jicama raspberry and orange slices with a nice dressing.  The bill ended up around $40 which was a decent amount for a quick bite!  Would come by again if in the mirage but wouldnt go out of the way to get here
3	Conveniently located right below the hotel elevators at The Mirage, Caribe Cafe is available at all hours. The food is a bit too expensive for what it is. It has all the regular Americana dishes that we typically crave (Hamburgers, cheesesteaks, salads, etc.) The decor is a bit nicer than regular Cafes. The service is decent but nothing out of the ordinary. The dishes range between 15-25 dollars depending on what you order. With that said, most Las Vegas restaurants base their price on service and experience. This one was typical of any diner and the food was good, but not great. Now Vegas is not a cheap place in general, but 8-15 dollars would have made more sense. I didn't see any specials on the menu like most Vegas eateries. Overall, it's decent. But hey, if you're a hotel guest and you're somewhat buzzed or drunk or just had a long night, something close to the room just makes more sense. But if you're staying at a different property, there's plenty of Cafes inside casinos with a more reasonable price.
4	Good food, fancy Cafe.Surprised of the bad reviews.  They had a good menu. Service was excellent. Portions were big.  They had ethnic foods on the menu to.  The waitress asked if we want to bill the room for the tab which was a first for me at 5am. Very attentive. Kind of fancy looking from the outside, prices are kind of steep but its the strip, and its the mirage, not imperial palace so worth it.
5	This restaurant is now closed and has been replaced by Carnegie Delicatessen. :'(
