3	When I lived in California, recycling was not only enviro-friendly, but it was also good in putting a few extra coins in your pocket.  Kind of nice considering that buying drinks in California will literally nickel and dime you with CRV taxes.The money earned wasn't a huge amount, but it usually did equal out to a "free" tank of gas or a DVD,  I hadn't found a place like that in Vegas, but a lead did get me to try this place.Let me tell you: I do miss the cash value of recycling, because it's not here.I brought in a ton of bags with bottles, cans, etc, and for what would have netted me a nice profit in the old days, got me less than a dollar here.  We're talking at least 7 garbage bags.But I think I understand why: They do scrap recycling.  People were ripping apart TVs and washing machines in order to get the precious metals inside, and maybe if you're dealing with something of that magnitude, you'll earn a few extra sheckles.  Were I in that sort of business, or had means to lug broken machinery or house parts around, the chances for a few bucks might fare better.  In my case, not so much.It's not a bad place.  The staff were friendly, and apparently, they also recycle clothes, but for the California "bottle and can" sort of recycling, the only thing you'll be doing here is helping the environment.  I don't even believe they take glass, now that I think on it.No tank of gas that day, let me tell you.
1	This place is a joke.  We filled two of their rolling bins with crushed cans. One totaled 97lbs and the other 96.  We were paid $19 and their explanation was the bins weigh 75lbs each.  I highly doubt their thin plastic bins weigh that much. I was able to lift one with little problem.  within 5 mins of being weighed they were unable to verify the weights because the bins were already emptied! Complete ripoff stay away.
4	I have been recycling for a few years now. Wife is a housekeeper, and she saves bottles, cans, magazines and newspapers. I also recycle all material from my home that I can. I started recycling because republic services had pissed me off when they wanted to stop picking up my trash at my curb. They did not want to back the truck up, or walk a little for safety reasons, and expected me to dump my trash in front of neighbor's homes. I eventualy solved that problem by visiting the CEO, complaining about this, and he agreed with me and solved that problem. Anyway I decided that republic services was not going to get one scrap of recycable material from me, to re-sell. They get paid to remove trash, then get paid again when they sell the recylables.  I had been visiting several recyling centers, and found nevada recyling seems to pay the most. There might be a better place, but I havent found one yet. Nevada recycling has been fair, and decent to work with. I make 30 to 150 per month recycling. It is not much, but it pays the garbae bill, gas bill, water bill, and electric bills.     An example of my search for best prices; went to this one place that claims best prices, with a car load of plastic bottles. They offerd .01 cent per pound, but nevada recyling at the time was paying .08 cents per pound.    Any one found a better place let me know, but so far Nevada recycling seems the best. SA recycling seems to only want metals, and I dont like the method of payment they have. Sa recycling gives you a ticket, you take to a clerk, who gives you another ticket, then you take that ticket to an atm machine thing, and the machine spits out youre money. Problem with the machine is it does not give change. They also treat you like a criminal there. you stand on an X, while they photograph you, have to give id, and finger prints, several times. A bit much for getting a few bucks for some beer cans.
4	So I decided to start recycling. It took us about a month to collect 4 large trash bags of water bottles. I filled my Prius with the bags, could barely see out my back window. Drive up , the guys there work really hard in the sun and still very friendly and helpful. They brought the cart out to me, I threw the bags in, they weighed it and wrote me a ticket. Went to the cashier handed her the ticket and my ID and she cashed me out $1.40............... I don't feel so bad or cheated with the amount of plastic we go through on a month I'm just glad we didn't . add to the landfill. It was hardly a drive, they made the process too easy and it took less then 10 minutes of my time of loading, driving, unloading and cashing out. They recycle almost everything wood, tin, metal, paper, cardboard. So now that I know how easy it is I'll keep it up.
