3	I walked into this place about 2pm for a late lunch on a rainy afternoon. The restaurant facade and decor looked well put together, but the place was completely empty. I had the orange chicken set, while my friend ordered a shrimp bento box.  The miso soup came out first and while initially savory, it quickly became apparent that it was too salty and should have been watered down a bit more.  The orange chicken came up next and was not what I expected, but I was still keeping an open.  Unfortunately it too had enough salt to pickle me.  It tasted of burnt marmalade and was served with a watery slightly sweet sauce on the side, that I couldn't find a good use for since the chicken was already covered in a thick brown sauce. On the other hand, my friends shrimp looked amazing and he said they were tasty.  I tried a piece of his sushi roll and it was a bit small but otherwise good. So the moral of this story is go with the sushi and go during peak hours or you'll be wondering if the place is even open.
4	We shared the all you can eat $20 special.  There were plenty of things to choose on the menu.  We ordered several types of dumplings (stay away from the peanut (sauce) dumplings) and fresh fish slices.  They had no tuna roll on the menu, but we were happy with everything else.Just know that you'll end up paying $50 minimum for two all you can eat specials.  Come hungry.  Also $1 is added to the bill for everything uneaten.  This means don't order the peanut dumplings if you don't think you'll like them...Lastly, take a trip to the bathrooms... they're themed.
4	We decided to try this place despite only 2 reviews. It was our first day in town and this place was near our hotel. We eat sushi often and were really not sure what to think of this place. We were given the AUCE menu at first and it took a bit to get the regular menu. There was only one server for the whole place but she hustled her butt off. AUCE is the deal if you are hungry for sushi but we weren't so we went with the eel bento, tempura veggies, and udon. Tempura was good but not outstanding and the udon was very good. The eel was the hit of the night and we fought over it. Yum!We ordered a large saki that ended up being a huge saki! Thank god we only had to walk a few blocks. Overall, food was very good, service was slow but with good reason, and she was very accommodating with our very limited French, the space is large and nicely done, and the prices are reasonable. Definitely had things on the sushi menu that we don't get in the States, but we didn't get to try them.
2	On the plus side, the tempura, soups, salads and sashimi were quite good and decently fresh.The big disappointment was the sushi, which was bland to the point of being inedible. The main problem is that the chef does not use proper, seasoned sushi rice, but instead uses plain white sticky rice, which is not the same thing. The result is very dry and flavourless.They also shove way too much cucumber in their sushi and not enough of anything else. In addition, they put out very cheap soy sauce that is watery and not very flavourful. The service was also not amazing, and we had to ask twice for wasabi (which should be served automatically with any sushi plate.)Overall, if you can make a meal out of sashimi, tempura, and sides, this is not a terrible all-you-can-eat deal.  But for the actual sushi, better to stick to Kanda.
4	Went there on a cold first night out in Montreal. I was debating between 3 to 4 stars on this one. It's a four if you are really hungry like I was (and all you had to eat all day was a nasty sandwich on the 12-hour amtrak train). The place was really empty for a all-you-can-eat place. They have ridiculous amount of options and all of them are pretty decent. Highlights of the night--My boyfriend liked the vegetable soup since it was light and flavorful. -We are both huge salmon fans so we ordered 20+ pieces of salmon sashimi and devoured all of them. -The beef teriyaki is really tender.I recommend this place if you are hungry! If you are a sushi/sashimi snob you might not like this place very much. This place will cost $50+ for two with tax and tip.
3	Was gifted a living social deal so had no excuse not to try this place out.The restaurant was elegant, clean, but a bit cold (need to crank the heat up).Service was good. Our waiter was friendly and helpful. The sushi was good. Some up and downs though: one of my salmon cuts was a bit old, and the other very fresh. Same thing happened with a veggie tempura: one was crisp and clean and the other soggy and old. There was a good selection, smaller in comparison to other all you can eats, with good composition and flavors.The one down side I would have to say was the speed of service. Compared to other all you can eats, it was rather slow. We waited approximately 20 minutes before getting our first order in.Overall a good all you can eat experience, but if you want faster service with higher selection of sushi/food with comparable friendly staff and setting, I would highly recommend Sushi Crescent.
5	This place was great.  I've never had Vancouver-style sushi before, but have a friend from BC who suggested this place.  After we'd been, I was actually very surprised at the ratings on yelp, largely because I had a great experience and got just what I expected.  I mean, this is a $20ish all-you-can-eat experience, so I certainly wasn't expecting them to roll out the red carpet.  In fact, I was impressed by what they had to offer.The sushi was fresh, and tasty.  They set this whole thing up so that you don't order a ton and waste it, and so that they can still make money.  So some of the sushis are a little small, but that's ok because you can order more.  They also have what amounts to an upgraded menu which you can order from for about $4 more, if I'm remembering correctly, but neither of us felt the need to do that.  Instead, we spent our time consistently ordering some favorites (mmm white tuna!) and then trying some things that we were a little puzzled by.  I'm not sure that all of these were quite what we were interested in, but isn't trying everything sort of the point of a place like this?My biggest complaint (other than the puzzling decor, which seemed to have a theme of sticks and visually-assaulting paint colors) would be that the vegetable tempura was absurdly small.  You order the broccoli tempura and you're going to get two bite-sized pieces.  I mean... they have a fee for things you don't finish, so I felt that maybe they could have stepped it up a bit and gone for a more generous 5 broccolis.
2	Great miso soup...BUT.The least fresh sushi I've had.'twas truly awful.
1	Service is extremely slow, because there are only 2 waiters, so expect to wait a long time for your food if you go on a Friday night. The fishes they used for the sushi weren't very fresh, and some of their cuisine dishes are tasteless. In addition, if you want to have more choices in your menu, you have to pay some extra dollars for the "VIP menu", ridiculous.
4	I'm a big fan. Went there with an all-you-can-eat groupon which entitled us to as much as we wanted from an impressively wide range of things (soups, salads, dumplings and tempura included, though we mostly saved room for sushi). Seafood miso soup and tempura veggies were both awesome to start, and we were very happy with all the sushi we ate as well. The "sushi pizza" (which is effectively a fish cake, I guess) was super crunchy and delicious. It wasn't very crowded even though it was a Friday night, so everything came pretty quickly and service was fine. Good stuff!
1	Some of the sushi were ok... But the overall food was nasty :(Smoked salmon smelled fishy and chicken tasted almost out of dateFried calamari and sushi were burned You dont even get unlimited ice cream :/ Never coming back.
1	Send Gordon Ramsay to this place, it a kitchen night mare!Nasty food, slow service and cheap decor. So many better all you can eat sushi in MTL.
5	I was surprised to see the interior looking quite upscale and classy. The tables and chairs were matched really well with the wallpaper and lamps. The paintings, equipped with individual lighting, were the icing on this fantastic interior design. And the music was very appropriate. When I was there, it sounded kind of jazzy. If you take any delight at all in the finer things in life (ex. wine, art, classical music), you won't be disappointed with the way the restaurant has been set up inside. With that said, it's an ideal place for a romantic date. I saw a businessman in full suit walk in with a dressed-up lady, whom I presume were on a date.Our server was very friendly. When we received a dish we didn't remember ordering, he brought us the paper menu on which we ticked off our choices to confirm that this was indeed our dish. I appreciated that he counted how much we ordered initially so that we weren't ordering more than we could handle (we were having all-you-can-eat). The sushi was similar to that offered in many small sushi businesses back in British Columbia (and everyone knows how it's much easier to find higher-quality sushi in BC). One roll particularly stood out for me. There were just as many tempura crumbs rolled up as the rice, and in the center was a piece of sashimi. Combined, it tasted creamy and chewy, and the sashimi gave my taste buds a "sweet punch". The price of the all-you-can-eat sushi here, about $30, is reasonable in Montreal. There's a surprise waiting in the women's washroom. Depending on your cultural background and personality, this surprise may either be cool or bizarre. If you're a man, you can still see it because the men's washroom is right beside the women's and the door for the latter is usually kept wide open.
1	Overbooks on Groupon deal and under allows the reservations. Impossible to get a reservation there if you have paid for a deal. You can call and reserve a place or show up and there is room, but if you have a paid voucher you're out of luck. all of a sudden they are full. Scam.
4	I visited on a groupon and was worried about all the bad reviews. The staff were very friendly but yes, very, very slow. Besides that, the decor was cute and simple. yes I recognized the Ikea Expedit units but I own 2 anyways so I can't hate their functionality. Unlike some other all you can eat sushi places we were actually delivered everything we ordered. They brought it to our table in reasonable batches but a little bit too slow. The sushi itself was quite tasty and I was pleased that they didn't try adding extra rice as filler. We certainly didn't consume $50 of sushi between the two of us, but it was filling and tasty none the less. **Tip is already included on your receipt!
2	I went there on a Saturday evening, there were enough tables, it wasn't a problem. (+1 star) But it was a warm summer evening. The AC was clearly not on, or not working or non existant. The water they served was at room temperature with no ice. The sushi were decent but there was too much rice and some pieces were extremely big. But you order your sushi the same way you'd do anywhere else and it becomes difficult to finish. Thank God people could get take out so instead of paying a $1 fee for each uneaten sushi, we got some take out. (+1 star) Then, the service was not more than what you'd expect, so less than average. But here is where it went wrong. When it was time to pay, the girl never said anything about the tip being already included in the total. I was paying with my credit card and there was the option to tip, which I did. So I ended up paying 15% of a total that already had a 15% included. They never said anything. I only realized it when I got home. Do not go there, stuck to your favourite all you can eat sushi places.
4	My boyfriend and I have been coming here for over 2 years now. Even before it started giving Groupons. Ever since they've introduced Groupons, we've taken it every time. The decor and music hasn't changed in all these years but the food keeps on going through changes. We have enjoyed every time since the staff is busy handling a full house but is friendly! Upto the point and good swift service. Food: we indulge in the appetizers. They are small in size but tasty. Sushi is decent as well! I love this place and would continue coming here..
1	We were fooled into eating at this restaurant by a groupon deal. Being Chinese ethnicity myself, sadly most of these Japanese all you can eat restaurants are being poorly run by Chinese people who have no Japanese culinary sushi skills....sad but very true. It took almost 45 min to receive our second order of food we placed, the sushi rice was hard with no flavour, the nigiri sushi had paper thin slices that resembled smoke salmon, and the SOYA SAUCE was watered down (I don't know if this a Montreal thing but this is not the first time I've experienced that). Please STAY AWAY. I don't understand why this place is still open? Absolute garbage and a waste of time.
