5	I originally stopped in to Owl Ear to pick up cigarettes. The first time I went in and asked for two packs, I had to do a double-take when they told me the price. Two packs of premium smokes for around $10.00. Those are 1980's prices! I mean, at most places, you'll pay that price for one pack by itself...so, I was immediately a fan.When I went back a second time, that's when I really got the opportunity to take a look around and see Owl Ear for what it truly is...a bad ass cigar place. Lots of people don't appreciate cigars, and who can blame them...they are quite pungent at times. But when you walk into Owl Ear, you're greeted with the aroma of really nice cigars being enjoyed in the cigar lounge in the rear of the building. This area has couches and televisions, and looks to be a fantastic place to sit down and relax with a nice stogie. To make things even more inviting, the cigar lounge is not exclusive to cigar club members. It's open to anyone and everyone!Owl Ear offers a fantastic selection of premium cigars, premium cigarettes, lighters and smoking accessories, as well as BEAUTIFUL humidors! Cigar afficianodos take their cigars very seriously, and settle for nothing less than the best when it comes to housing them. Here, even the most particular cigar smoker will be sure to find the perfect humidor to house their collection.I was in a rush as I was leaving this last time, so I didn't get the particulars for what appeared to be a cigar storage program. The sign DID say something about $365 worth of cigars for paying for your one year membership. I'll have to investigate further the next time I visit...which will undoubtedly be sometime in the VERY near future!I do believe I've found the best local place for any and all of my tobacco related needs!
5	Owl ear is a phenomenal tobacco shop. I frequent the store to buy cigars and smoke in the lounge. They have a great selection of quality cigars at the lowest prices I've found in the valley. All the staff are extremely friendly as well. The smoking lounge is a great place to kick back, watch a game, and enjoy a stog.
5	Really friendly and great selection. I had a hard time finding this place, but eventually called them. They are over in the shopping complex behind Buffalo Wild Wings, on the end next to a health store. If I lived in this area, I would be a regular here. Wayyyy less expensive than everywhere else I've found!
5	This place is a wonderful additional to the Scottsdale Pavillions. Not only are they reservation prices cigarettes but the store is beautiful. Very inviting. The Cigar bar smells delightful. There are comfortable chairs, televisions, and interesting conversation always happening. But above all every single encounter with the staff has been exceptional. Very friendly people. Always reminding me about my free lighter with my carton. Even remember my brand. My husband had started smoking a Pipe, and this place has a lovely assortment of loose tobacco, and pipe accessories. I picked up a great ash try/pipe stand for my husband for Christmas. It's nice to purchase cigarettes without the snarky comment from the teenaged gas station clerk, or the disappointed mom behind you buying her kid funyons and mountain dews. This is where intelligent smokers come to enjoy their cigars, and smokers can shop in peace. Thank you for being our One stop Shop my cigarette habit and my husbands pipe.
5	There is no doubt that this is by far the cheapest place you will find good cigars in the valley.  Because it's on the reservation there are no taxes.  It is hard to find because it sits in the farthest corner next to Hi-Health.  Lenny is the head cashier there and he is the definition of helpful in that place.  He is knowledgeable and thoughtful.  Even though it's a hike from where we live, it's worth the drive.The cigar storage room is not intimidating at all.  They'll come in with you and help you through the selections, if you need assistance.   And there's no pressure. They have cigars for all kinds of taste buds, for the novice as well as the aficionado.
5	I cannot praise this place enough. This is my second time here and they are amazing. Lenny is the man to see. He hooks you up. I went there with my girlfriend and my dad and step mom. My dad and I had a couple of cigars and the ladies hung out and talked after a while they wasted a cigar so I went to get them one and lenny gave them an amazing cigar out of his own locker then have me another for me. This place has a great selection and amazing prices... Literally half the prices I see in California. Also the best service. I would give them ten stars if I could. If you like cigars, come here and no where else ever.
5	The staff are extremely helpful and the atmosphere is always welcoming! I've never taken advantage of the cigar lounge, but a younger fellow who worked there spent like 20 minutes helping me fix my Zippo lighter! I don't see that kind of friendly, helpful, service hardly anywhere these days. Very classy place with a great selection and no hassles. These people truly believe in customer service over outright sales.
5	Awesome service and awesome prices!!! Had a friend who is a cigar aficionado and went here via yelp.  He was impressed. My go to cigar. I'm hooked.
