2	Madison Sole is largely forgettable on the State St. walk because it only caters to one crowd: women, and it does that only mediocrely at best. The shoes are generally extremely overpriced and not all that cute looking either; though, I did manage to find a pair of flip-flops for a decent amount ($29 down from $99--less than what I found for a decent pair at another place on State St.)The service here is mediocre, too. When I went in, the two clerks were busy gossiping over another employee for at least 15 minutes before they realized someone had been in the store. When I got in, they clucked about a pair I was wearing and how "comfortable" it was.I got it home and the large blister on my feet from the strap is a testament otherwise. This isn't a bad place, but there's a lot better on State St., even if it's more money.
5	Madison Sole worked for me, and I'm a guy!  I went in with friend of mine who happens to be a girl, but not my girlfriend and what a great find.  As she was trying on a pair of shoes I found the men's section and saw a pair of Keens that are rockin'.  The girl who helped us was "on the ball" and helpful without being too pushy.  AND truth be told, after I bought my shoes I had to look up via the web how much I might saved if I bought online.  Same prices, a few places even had them priced a little higher.  So nice job!
4	It's been raining a lot recently, so I thought I'd invest in a good pair of boots. Madison sole is such a good place to hit up. They've got really good leather boots of great quality. I like that they carry staples like Ugg, Hunter, and Birkenstock, but also not so common but very chic and hip styles. One pair is shoes had four buckles across the top that were criss crossed. Coolzies! Come here for your boot socks too. They have a bunch to choose from. A wee skimpy on the men's section, but I'm not a guy so no complaints here!
5	The staff here is very nice and helpful. When I was having a hard time to find a good size for Winter boots, they patiently brought a lot of pairs for me to try on. When one didn't fit me, they gave some valuable suggestion. It's pricey but worth spending.
5	Great selection of top brand shoes. It was great to find 4 pairs of fabulous shoes and they were all on sale!!!  The customer service was great, helpful and knowledgeable.  It is also great for the staff to recognize you as a regular shopper at their store.  Personal service is always great.  Love this store.
4	They carry Vera Bradley, and that is good enough for me! (:
4	There's a saying that a woman can't have enough shoes. Whoever came up with that is a genius. Madison Soles is centrally located on State St. They carry a good selection of quality shoes, including casual shoes such as flip flops and sandals, sports and hiking shoes, dress shoes, boots etc. It's a particularly good one-stop solution if you are looking for different shoe categories at one go. I like how I get to browse sport sandals and winter boots all under the same roof. The brands are also good quality, so it doesn't come as too much of a surprise to be prepared to fork out a good price for them. My favorite buy was a pair of V-Italia tall boots so warm and cozy for winter. Service wise it kinda depends on who are working there at the time of you visit. I have experienced really friendly and prompt service from greeting you the moment you walk into the store and being there when you needed something, to salesperson sitting at the counter and coming over when you call for them. Either way they are helpful and patient. They would give suggestions and help you out until you find the perfect shoe with the perfect size and fit. So unless you are super sensitive it shouldn't be an issue. If you are budget conscious, visit their sales rack. Or even better, there is a yearly Maxwell Street Festival in the third weekend of July where you can pick up some great finds at discounted bargains. Tip: Do go early on the first day though, as the best things get snapped up fast.
3	They have cute shoes, although the selection isn't huge.Unfortunately, I didn't love the service last year when I bought an expensive ($230) pair of boots. The strap on the back broke within a week and the first time I came they replaced the pair no problem. When it broke again shortly after, they didn't offer to replace it or give me a refund, since this kind of thing shouldn't break. They also assured me that the shoes would suffice as winter boots and although I shouldn't wear them trekking through deep snow, they would be fine to wear when it's snowing. When I would walk around Madison streets in light snow, my toes would get numb because so they are so not water/snow proof. I told them this and didn't get much of a response. Was pretty annoyed that I spent all that money on what was supposed to be my winter boots and wasn't offered anything when they didn't work as promised :(Still giving 3 stars because I'm hoping this was just one bad experience. They were really nice and helpful when I came in shopping that first time.
