3	I would have given this place a 2.5 if Yelp would let me, but I guess the 3 will have to do for now.  Sun Tan City wasn't bad per say, I mean, the establishment itself was very nice, clean, and modern.  The staff was perfectly fine as well, there were just a bunch of little things that added up in the end that annoyed me.The first thing was that the place was pretty overpriced in my opinion, even for a tanning salon.  The second was that they didn't offer a student discount..... I mean come on, this is a college town and there's no student discount?  All the tanning salons in my hometown had this option, and there's no colleges around for miles.  The third thing I encountered was their strange "fingerprinting policy".  They made me register my finger prints three times before they would let me get in a tanning bed.  I kind of felt like I was a criminal being registered for the line-up, it was very weird.  I was also annoyed to find that they didn't offer eyewear for their guests, and made me purchase my own.  This I won't complain too much about because I realize a lot of tanning places do this nowadays, I suppose I'm just used to the places in my hometown that all offer free eyewear if you don't have your own.  But the last thing that annoyed me was that they didn't offer clean-up stations anywhere in the salon.... at least not that I could find.  I've always been provided with facial wipes or kleenex or something during past tanning experiences, but their tanning rooms were devoid of anything of the sort.  So I had to leave the tanning salon w/ a very lotiony face.... but in the future I think it'd be a nice touch to offer those things.  I was also kind of missing the lack of radio in the rooms.  Again, in many other tanning salons I've been to there was a radio/cd player provided for people to listen to while they're in the beds.  But Tan City doesn't offer any of that...I don't know, this place just doesn't seem to be trying very hard to be accommodating.  They have a nice location with competent staff, but other than that they are doing nothing to make me want to keep coming back.  I will probably not be a repeat customer myself.
1	I like to tan before vacation and had a pleasant experience tanning at Sun Tan City last year so decided to go there this year before vacation. Not sure if they are under new management but this year was a totally different experience. Like the other reviews said, the salon is clean but there isn't many places to hang your clothes. Also nothing besides a towel to clean up with. All in all, not a huge deal for me. Here are the real problems for me: 1.) I chose the "faster" package specifically asking about the stand up bed. The employee told me this was the only package that included the stand up bed. It was more expensive than the regular package. On my second visit to the salon, I was informed the stand up bed had been broken for awhile and wouldn't be repair for awhile as the part they were waiting for was on backorder. It's really upsetting to me that I was "sold" the upgraded package without the employee saying anything about the bed being broken. Bad business.2.) The "up sell" the employees use EVERY time gets old. On my initial visit I was sold a very expensive bottle of tanning lotion. They had a promotion that included some free moisturizer. The next visit the employee asked me what I was using for tanning lotion and then went on to try to sell me "something better." Is that saying the bottle I initially purchased the day before wasn't good? Why does the salon sell is then?  The employees "up sell" with every visit. I get asked EVERY time if I want to upgrade my tan that day for $5.95 or if I want to buy a "better" lotion. It's fake and annoying. There was a line one night and the employee rotated between asking "how is your day" and "doing anything fun tonight" and then "what type of lotion are you using" and "how about buying some moisturizer to extend your tan". Lady, there is a line and it's 8pm. Move along. Lesson learned. After my one month is up, I will done with Sun Tan City. Next year I'll go somewhere else.
1	The only star is for the one competent employee and the equipment.  Even if your bed is ready it will still take at least 30 min for anyone to clean it and even worse for the spray tan. I have emailed the company directly 3 times instead of leaving a bad review and finally heard back the last time. They gave me credit to use for upgrades but I have the highest package and could not use it towards products. Kind of pointless annoyed and about over this whole company! Don't sign up if you haven't yet! By the time you get into a bed you are just left annoyed and not relaxed at all.
1	My last comment was filtered, even though I left legitimate feedback.  So I'll soften it up a bit.  The one good thing about this place are the constant deals they have.  Other than that, I recommend checking out a different tanning location in the area.  There is a major management/staffing problem.  Customer service doesn't seem to be too important here.  If you're told to wait 5 minutes for a bed, expect to wait 20 if not more.
1	Quite honestly Sun Tan City is lucky I have to give at least one star because in my opinion they don't even deserve that. The waits are long, the staff is slow and minimal. After complaining to the manager and calling the national customer service center I cancelled my account. Or at least that what I thought I did when I called and yelled for 30 minutes. Apparently the rep I spoke too didn't take that as me canceling and instead they have continued to charge be $33 every month for nearly a year. My options at this point?? You can come back and tan or have an in store Glo card to buy any tanning products you want. Seriously?! $400+ dollars of charges for services I never used. Crap, Crap, Crappy Company... run with your wallets in the other direction.
1	Waste of time and money. This place has terrible customer service, long waits, untrained staff with a huge turnover rate,  understaffed during busy times so makes waits unacceptably long, spray tans are always broken and I don't know how many times I have had to come out of the room and ask them to set the bed - after I've already prepared to tan....and the list goes on and on.  There is never any compensation when the  VersaSpa is broken- which is every other day, so you basically pay for something that isn't available. Customer service lacks immensely. After giving them several chances, I finally cancelled it.  Go to LA Tan- much better service and management.
