2	Great Margaritas.But it's hard to review a mexican restaurant that's as good as the next.I still wish there was a TRULY good mexican restaurant in Madison...Still waiting.And don't come tell me ... um... the one on Park.. what's that name???....La Hacienda.I'd rather poke my eye out or eat at La Bambas....
3	Ok Mexican like everywhere else. I completely agree with the previous reviewer, "when is the authentic one coming to this town?" The menu cover page says it's authentic, but the men items themselves looked little more tex-mex ish. I had a fajita plate while my friend had a chicken dish (I forgot what it was called). My fajita arrived on a sizzling hot plate (that's takes care of the "fun part" regardless of the quality), and it was pretty good. The portion was huge, so I had to take ha;f of my plate to go, and the take out became the perfect left-over dinner next day.
4	Mi Cocina is my favorite Mexican-style restaurant in the Madison area.  I have never come away unimpressed with either the food or the service.  I can't really speak to authenticity since I wouldn't really know it if I saw it, but for what they do Mi Cocina does it well.  All I do know is that I have gotten my favorites here over and over without ever having any problems.  The staff is always friendly and fast which sets the place apart from several other area restaurants of the genre.  If only for consistency I would rate Mi Cocina a three, and with never having a bad meal I definitely would go with a high 3.5 - 4 stars.Last time I had the fried tilapia tacos, and I especially enjoyed the spicy cream-based sauce that was served on the side.  It was perfectly seasoned for my taste, though it was a bit hot for my mother.  The tilapia was lightly fried and was still tender.  The accompanying refried beans were decent, and served to allow for the spice from the tacos to dissipate.  I still put the blackened tilapia tacos at Tex Tubbs at the top of my favorites list, but these easily jumped to the #2 position.  On previous trips I've gotten flautas, which were perfectly fried and not too crispy, and the enchiladas sonora, which comes with an excellent spinach and a creamy sauce.  I also really enjoy the cheese and mushroom quesidilla and the fajitas.  My sister, who is lactose-intolerant, had found the menu a bit dairy-laden, but she did end up finding a chicken breast entree that is now her favorite.  The prices are quite reasonable and given the amount of food always a good deal.  Mi Cocina probably won't ever be held up as a paragon of the style, but it has always been reliable and enjoyable and for that I'll keep coming back.
3	The food is decent, the service is better than your average Madison restaurant and the bathrooms were clean.  It is a bit out of our way but it is consistent enough to warrant more visits.
3	Good food - especially if you're in a hurry. The service is excellent.  If you're in Brookfield try the Mi Cocina on Bluemound - I believe owned by the same people but the food is bette.r
3	After a wonderful day spent sitting down at the Memorial Union, drinking beer and reading through the Sunday newspaper, hunger got the better part of us, and Mexican food sounded yummy.  So, our small group made our way back toward the Middleton and decided to take a short walk over to Mi Cocina.We arrived at around 6:00pm on a Sunday and were promptly seated.  The waiter brought us chips and salsa immediately, and then took our drink orders.  Within a few minutes, our sodas arrived, along with a cheese dip.We quickly scarfed down the salsa and cheese dip; the salsa was initially mild but then had a nice little kick to it at the end.  The chips were a thicker cut chip; they weren't the slightest bit greasy.  The queso was excellent - nice and hearty, white cheese, delicious.We ordered our entrees and within minutes our food was available.  There was a slight mix-up with my order - I had requested chicken burritos but received beef.  No big deal; the beef burritos were decent - some chunks of potato were an interesting touch.My dining partner ordered a sampler plate, which came with a chicken burrito, a chicken enchilada, and a tamale.  It was good as well; the chicken was far better than the ground beef.Service was beyond excellent - very fast, very attentive, and as such, we left a nice tip.  Only complaints?  A tad pricey - our meal was $26 without any beers/margaritas, and there were a ton of kids in there, which was a bit distracting.  All in all a decent experience.
3	It started out as an excellent place to go then they changed the menu, then they changed the menu again! The food changed names and the pricing increased but essentially it remained the same. They are now at the point where they are charging a little much for the food they are serving. I still go here because of convenience and lightning fast service. I noticed a new manager walking over the servers shoulders seemed to make the staff feeling like they were on pins and needles.Kids eat free on Sundays so keep that in mind!
4	Kids eat free on Sunday!
1	Ate here once with a buy one, get one coupon. I won't be heading back. Go to Los Gemelos off of State St instead.
3	I love their taco loco. It's a mouthwatering fajita/taco salad concoction that I a. can't get enough of and b. can't finish.I have tried a few other dishes and nothing ranks near the crazy taco.  Warm, thick chips and a mild salsa are served bountifully. The chips aren't greasy and are not heavily salted which makes me happy. I like to add my own anyway.They have three versions of guacamole. Yesterday we tried the most basic which was delicious and simple. We also tried an appetizer with cheese and chorizo. It was good, but quickly coagulated which resulted in an undip-able dip.MARGARITA ALERT- their house margarita... not a traditional margarita. In my opinion, it tasted like watered down orange soda. And the color is a light peach color. If you want a classic, lime margarita I have yet to find one I love here.  I'm not your typical margarita drinker.  The aftermath of too much sweet margarita mix and I do not get along.  I admit,  I'm kind of picky about margaritas, but these, these should have a warning when ordering.
4	Good authentic Mexican, a lot of menu options, great service, nice quite atmosphere.
5	Wonderful place, great prices and portion sizes. When I crave Mexican food, it's Mi Cocina I want! I like going for lunch on Tuesday - the lunch special is a chicken enchilada.
4	I really enjoyed my dinner here. I had a fantastic fajita platter, which included beef, chicken, shrimp, and the requisite peppers and onions, but also whole scallions and tomato wedges. Delicious! The guacamole was decent, though a little bland. And my husband's mole sauce was just OK. But I really liked the spicy salsa they brought to the table when I requested it.The service was pretty great; there was a whole team of servers that were constantly checking up on us to make sure we were doing OK. Every time we had a special request (see: the spicy salsa), they were right on top of it.But what I REALLY liked was the margaritas; our table had a pitcher of blended strawberry margaritas, and they were absolutely perfect. Blended just right with no big chunks of ice; perfectly balanced strawberry and tequila flavor. I could have consumed that whole pitcher by myself without even putting in too much effort. Yum!
2	So, I've enjoyed Mi Cocina before.... but I think my tastes have matured.  The salsa was good, but the sauce inside of my taco and chimichanga was a strange ketchup/bbq tasting mixture.  Beans were ok, rice, not so much.  I probably won't be back.  Sorry Mi Cocina.
2	I joined a few coworkers for lunch here today... I've not been a huge fan of Mi Cocina, so I hoped the new location and fresh look would've improved the experience.It's still just barely passable as Mexican food.  Most entrees appear to be drowning in sauces, cheese, and other gooey/greasy stuff.  The salsas are extremely watery and lacking in flavor.  The guacamole (not the tableside-made) is bland and pasty.I ordered a pollo ensalada (chicken salad), which arrived as a bowl of super watery iceburg lettuce, a slab of seared chicken breast, 4 small slices of cucumber, a spoonful of pico de gallo, and a huge glob of guacamole (which I scraped off and set aside).The salad was ok, but as I neared the end, I literally had what looked like a small soup bowl's worth of water resting in the bottom.  My coworker's entrees were drenched in various cheese sauces/red sauces; the taco combo was blanketed in cheese.  They loved it, but my guts would've been complaining for days... So, enjoy the new location and ambiance - just don't expect better food.  Those who've had real Mexican food will not enjoy this place...Cocina Real/Mi Cocina = FAILFood = 2 starsService = 3 starsValue = 2 starsMISC = 3 stars
4	This is my favorite Mexican restaurant in Madison - and I think it is the best one in town.Here's what I like:The House Guacamole - Heaven! I always order this, and the last time, we had a table side preparation, a clear demonstration on how fresh the food is here - another thing that I love about this place - the abundance of fresh food. In all its simplicity, it's perfect.The salsa - I've disappointed all over Madison with other Mexican restaurant's salsa, and even for that matter, all over the Midwest and parts of California. I've had the best salsa here - again very simple, but very delicious - and isn't that what matters? Food should be delicious, especially food at any restaurant.The chips - so good, so delicious. Yes, seems so silly to rate the free chips, but again another sign that this restaurant cares about how food tastes and only serves the best of ingredients and food.As mentioned above, the abundance of fresh ingredients, especially fresh vegetables, in all dishes.As for the other entrees, I've never been disappointed. Take your pick - they're all good.This restaurant has actually moved, and is no longer located on University Ave. They are now on Allen Bvld. I think they have settled in to their new place, and service is back on par.Bon Appetit!
2	Sooo... Ok. I live Mexican food. I grew up in Southern California so my standards for Mexican food are high. That being said I assume most places are gonna be bad so that if they are good I'm quite happy.... And if they aren't well... That's what I expected. This place made me happy and quite upset at the same time. I'll start at the beginning. The chips... Kinda bad. They were super dry and weird. Super weird consistency and zero salt. Our second basket was better, but still lacking. The salsa was ok... Not amazing but not bad. Margaritas were good and seemed to be on the strong side which no one should complain about....ever.My burrito was actually alright. I had the carnitas burrito and it was good. It needed a bit of spicing up so it asked for hot sauce and another margarita when the waiter checked back. He said no problem. A few min pass and he brings my margarita and says he'll be right bam with the hot sauce. Ok... I'm eating very slowly because I want that hot sauce. It's now been probably 10 min since my margarita came. I don't like eating slow... And I finally say screw it and finish eating. He comes and takes my plate away... And then he brings me the hot sauce to the table. I mean really?Bottom line, Drinks: Yay! Food: Ehh. Service: Booooo!
3	Actually its the same menu as Loredo's, when this first opened alot of the same guys were at both places.  I have been noticing the portions for the Chicken Fajitas has been smaller each time, lots more onions and veggies and less Chicken.  But I always get the hot salsa ( by request only) and that usually makes the meal even better.  Still cant beat the value for the money, its my regular go to lunch spot
