5	Starbucks is pretty consistent around the country.  Service was fast, staff friendly, tables and chairs were a little disorganized and dirty compared to the typical Starbucks I visit.  The taste of the coffee was great and they made it exactly as I ordered.  Price is twice as much as I normally pay so it is a bit pricey.  They accept and honor the rewards program but will not accept free drink rewards.  So they will grant you a star for their rewards program and offer the free refills, but will not honor the free drink rewards.  Perhaps that's in the fine print somewhere on Starbucks' rewards agreement.  Overall I am satisfied.
4	Here in Vegas, not much sleep the night before, and I needed some coffee to wake up and enjoy our day's outing.  Bellagio was not any help at all - the dessert place there wanted $9.50 for a frappuccino-like coffee - a price I refused to pay no matter how zombie-like I was.Stumbled next door to Planet Hollywood's Miracle Mile shops, and there was a Starbucks - salvation was mine!  Had their special Salted Caramel Mocha frap; perfectly made (no leftover slush near the bottom), it hit the spot and did the wake up job nicely.A comment on pricing.  Another reviewer commented they thought Starbucks' Strip prices were double vs. elsewhere.  Not sure of their point of reference, but I find Strip frap prices about $1 more than the San Francisco area.  Certainly more, but definitely not double for me.  And lower than some other coffee shops on the Strip.This Starbucks is on the edge of Planet Hollywood's casino, and is open 24 hours.  Look for it near the casino floor immediately upon entering the Miracle Mile Shops entrance off N Las Vegas Blvd.
2	Registers were down so I had to wait 5 mins til they re booted I was told to take a seat and I would be thr first customer helped. The line built back up and I was told to go to the end of the line.... so I walked to the roasted bean in Aria
5	Fast, friendly efficient service. Polite baristas. The usual SB fare, yet the ambiance of the casino gives it a bit more flair. Appreciate the cleanliness and how quick everyone moves. Please give the servers quicker access to the card system SB!
1	No stars! Horrible I just wanted tap water after my husband bought a $4 coffee. Crystal refused and laughed and said come back with your own cup so I did and they all laughed l. I asked for a manager and she gave me a card that said "princess rippy" (702) 497-9598  horrible horrible
1	I asked for a couple of paper cups (just cups) and the employee shook his head. No apology, no polite refusal. I responded with a "what? Really?" and he shook his head again. Aghasted, I walked away. I used to work at a Starbucks and I know for sure this is not an issue.
5	Everytime I come to this Starbucks they make my frappe or Valencia orange PERFECT! Other places don't compare to the perfect Valencia orange. They don't make it watery at this Starbucks.
2	Great coffee and service. Unfortunately this locations free wi-fi is a cruel joke as are all the other free Wi-Fi spots within Planet Hollywood.  Either get your wi-fi up and going with enough spectrum to service your few customers or put up a sign notifying the patrons your wi-fi doesn't really work. Doing otherwise is false advertising.
1	HORRIBLE HORRIBLE! I know it  gets busy, but seriously an hour wait for a cup of coffee?! And you forgot the breakfast sandwich I ordered!
1	Came in twice today while i was staying at the planet hollywood hotel. Once in the downstairs location and once in the upstairs casino location. I had a large pumpkin spice late for breakfast and it was alright. The pumpkin/cinnamon powder wasn't fully mixed in so i had a little unpleasant surprise at the end of my drink. The second time i stopped by to ask for a watercup, and guess what, they charge! I had no money on me and was denied when i asked twice and explained how thirsty i was. I am unsure of the employees name but she had a nasty attitude and didn't want to even give me ice for free. I think I'm still human and deserve some kind of courtesy from a business i am returning to. Luckily another employee named Anton stepped in and offered me water out of a paper cup instead of a plastic one. They apparently charge for the plastic cup, makes no sense to me. I honestly would expect more from this kind of location. One star for Anton, i will not be drinking coffee at Starbucks again.
3	Located at one end of the Miracle Mile Shops.   Plenty of seating and lots of help behind the counter.   You can look out into the pool area during the day.
3	I went to this Starbucks specifically for the free Wi-Fi. Unfortunately when I went down from my hotel room with my laptop and tried logging in, it didn't work at all! Another downside was that my usual drink which at most costs around $4.95 for a venti size, cost me over $6 here. I tried using my gold card to redeem a free reward I had, but nope they don't accept it here which was another boo.. The reason why I give three stars is because my server was nice, I had no problems with my drink (except for the price), there were plenty of seats available, and I was able to use an outlet to charge my phone.
