5	A city dedicated to luxury- Scottsdale really does have it all... fabulous shopping, great dining, resorts & spas for golfing & pampering, and of course a great nightlife. The city is pristine with gorgeous views of desert life. Although the people of can come off a bit superficial, it's all what makes Scottsdale alluring and give it it's appeal.
4	Been here for 3 1/2 years and can't complain much at all. Besides bodies of water, you can find almost everything enjoyable. Lots of resorts for relaxing and entertaining, millions of wonderful restaurants, shopping galore, Spring Training and other visiting sports teams/events. Truly is the best place to live that I can see! It's sort of "hot" come late June-early Sept but it could be worse... And rain 300 days a year!
1	Home of the $30,000 millionaire, fake breasts, fake calves, fake lips hips and faces. Scottsdale is a ridiculous town full of places that take themselves too seriously and people that think their chain restaurants are 'quirky' and interesting. Also, for some reason, they have decided that a lagging left is a better option than a leading. As if having all those extra cars at the intersection for a longer period of time is better for everyone. Secretly I think the reason that they want those making lefts to go last is because of the ties to left and sinister behavior. Only the poor have to go left, they must be punished for being poor. Each day that I enter Scottsdale I die a little inside.
1	Most livable city my eye!Plastic yuppies around every corner looking for a reason to belong.  I can't wait for the homosexuals to take control of this dog park and give it some class.Avoid at all cost.
1	Head down Frank Lloyd Wright Blvd and see all the apartment complexes overflowing with hoards of people, trying to live the Scottsdale life. Very few, if any, actually have anything. I'm glad I got this town and city out of my system several years ago. I do have to agree on some points, there is some good dining here, but you're going to pay out the rear-end for it. The people, by far are the funniest. Everyone is pretending to be something they are not.
5	Wow surprised at the poor ratings of one of my favorite cities.  Scottsdale has great restaurants, art, shops, and almost anything I can think of.  When I think of high end food I think Scottsdale. Usually the prices are not that bad since competition is more fierce here.  Restaurants come and go and only the best survive.  If you are looking for great food, night life, shopping, nice cars, people, take a look at Scottsdale.  It reminds me of Southern California for the most part.  If you want to do something go to Scottsdale.
