4	Came on a Friday night and it turns out it was only the second night open. Service was great. Got the crispy cheese curds which were delicious. Highly recommended. Definitely a highlight. For the main course we got a Margherita pizza and the fat boy pizza. Margherita, while intended to be a simple pie, was a little too simple and borderline bland. The Fat Boy Pizza on the other hand was very flavorful. The pickled peppers had us a little worried at first but it turned out to be the ingredient that made it so tasty!Ended with the swirl soft serve to go with lucky charms. Great treat to end dinner with. I'd definitely come back for the handcrafted thin pizza!
5	I'll be back!  The cheese curds were out of control!  Love it.  The pizza was really good as well.
5	Union at the Biltmore has itself a winning combination now that Forge Pizza is open!    The restaurant sports an industrial yet cozy steel and burnt wood design, 100% wood-fired oven that serves as a focal point, a sprawling patio, and impressive bar menu.  Check out the Baby Octopus, Mushroom Pizza, and a craft beer from their meticulously procured list.
3	This restaurant has its charm sitting on the patio. I liked the cocktail I ordered from their list and I did enjoy the pizza. It was a little undercooked. Their cooks will get that down though. The menu seemed a little scattered with odd offerings in my opinion from a place that titles itself a pizza restaurant. One in my party ordered the pepperoni pizza and they were out of pepperoni. That should never happen guys. I'll try you out again in about 6-8 weeks. Good luck in the meantime.
5	Awesome place. Julie the bartender was awesome. The food is excellent. Highly recommend! If you work at the mall they give you a ten percent discount which doesn't hurt haha. But discount or not, this place has verrrrrry good pizza and I'm allowed to make that judgement because I am from New York and I know it good pizza is haha.
5	Amazing service!!  Ask for Chloe, she is the best server in town. The food was great...you have to order the cheese cheese curds.
4	Great pet friendly patio, attentive service and good food in a convenient location in the Biltmore shopping center.  We stopped in for dinner last week and shared the brussel sprouts and a mainlander pizza.  The food was good, but not great...especially considering all of the amazing pizza choices we have in the Phoenix area.  The Forge is definitely a great option when looking for somewhere casual to eat at the Biltmore with your furry friend.
5	Their pizza is on par with the best pizza restaurants in town.  I will be adding them to the rotation.
5	Absolutely love this place! Great people, fabulous food, unique decor. The cheese curds are addictive. The pizza is amazing and they've got a good selection of draft beers. Running out of adjectives. Check this place out! You won't be disappointed.
2	Terrible! Do not waste your time or your money. I'm giving it 2 stars because the server was outstanding and the drinks were fine. But the chicken salad came with deep fried, breaded chicken! Really? In this day and age? They offered to change it, and this time the salad was served with a thin, sorry piece of bland, tasteless chicken thigh! The greens were limp, and unimaginative, with three tiny blobs of feta. For a place that serves pretty much salad, pizza and burgers- this was pathetic. BTW, do not bother with the Brussels sprouts: they are deep fried too! The baby octopus must've been a preemie- that's how tiny the portion size was! Their signature ice cream with olive oil and salt was served in a plastic cup with a plastic spoon, and that was a major disappointment as well. Their location is great, is why they have customers, but their kitchen better get their act together because the Biltmore area is not lacking for decent places to eat!
5	The third Thursdays supper club. And last night we had our monthly dinner at the Forge. Chef Tony did a wonderful job putting together an interesting and very tasty dinner for my group.  We took over half of their courtyard, which is in the center of the Biltmore shopping center. For anyone who's been there, you know it's a very nice setting.Dinner started out with an appetizer of ribs over red cabbage slaw. The ribs have a dry rub which I really like. The Red cabbage slaw was simple, but it went well with the ribs . Then they brought out octopus on crostini.  The octopus was very fresh and tender.  Our final appetizer was the star of the show, crab cakes.  Not on the menu,  the cakes were something special he made for our group. My wife claims they're the best crabcake she's ever had.  I'm not a big seafood person so I am not a good judge. But I'll take your word for it :-). I will ask the in future if the chef is cooking up anything special in the back. Before placing my order.The main course they brought out an assortment of pizzas,  varying from a meat lovers "fat boy" to a vegetarian cauliflower pizza. Some of the more spicy with red sauce some not spicy and without sauce. A little something for every taste.these sourdough base for their pizza crust and all of the pizzas are cooked well and have a nice Christmas to them. I really enjoyed their pizzas.Finally for a couple people who still had room they gave out some softserve ice cream. I have to say I try to fight and it was excellent.
5	Pizza is yummy -- fresh and not greasy.  The beer selection is varied.   The  decor is welcoming.  The staff is really friendly.  I tried to come up with a more amusing review, but when a restaurant is fun and the food is tasty, there is nothing much to say except try it!!
4	Great joint. Small, unique, welcoming, with very good pizza. A new addition to the rotation.
5	Service, atmosphere and food get a thumbs up!!Three dinners ALL amazing will defiantly be back the Octopus plate was my favorite but followed closely by a great burger and pizza dough that was authentic
3	I came to Forge this past weekend with the husband for lunch and must say that it was ok with the potential of being good. The service was attentive without being overbearing. We decided to stick to the basics to get an idea of their food and ordered a margherita pizza and a burger with cheddar, aioli on the side. The burger seemed ot be made of high quality beef, but was fairly bland... it could have used more seasoning in the meat or a more interesting topping (had plain lettuce, tomato, onion). The bun didn't hold up to the burger, getting totally soaked by the burger juices and soggy. The fries that came with it were good, but for 13$ I am looking for a more flavorful burger. The pizza had a really tasty crust, I enjoyed it a lot, but the toppings were, again, bland. It had limited cheese (which is ok), but the sauce had limited flavor and the whole thing was boring. I could see their specialty pizzas being better, as the toppings would add some flavor, but I feel that a pizza place should have a good basic pizza as a solid base (especially for 13$). Anyway, I would give this place another shot, but it isn't at the top of my list at this point.
3	It's a neat space inside the Union of the Biltmore Fashion Square.  The names of the drinks and beers are fun, however, I'm thinking maybe they were chosen for names and not the taste..  The blonde I had was very hoppy and so I wasn't really able to enjoy it.The cheese curds were pretty good.  There were some nice big pieces and the batter is very light and fluffy.  Unfortunately, some of the larger pieces had a lot of uncooked batter inside that ruined the taste in the ends.  The tomato sauce was a good accompaniment, but I would've liked a slightly larger and maybe wider mouthed dish to hold it though as the sauce is kind of watery and hard to get an appreciable amount on the curd just by dipping.  We got the mushroom pizza which had sausage and red onions on it.  We do enjoy mushrooms usually but this was too much for us..  It was too heavy and earthy and I kind of suspect they use canned mushrooms for it..  I could be wrong.  Anyway, the crust was actually pretty good and crispy throughout.  I think it's a little pricey but it might be worth it if you can find the right combination of toppings for the pizza.  It's a pretty large size so one can easily feed 2 people.  I guess that would still put you at about 30 bucks if you get a couple beers though..
1	Burned pizza, tasted like smoke, literally.  The worst pizza I have ever had.  I took it back and was told it was perfectly cooked.  Not to your customer it wasnt.  A full refund would have been appropriate. It was charred black on the bottom.  Customer service should have prevailed but no go at FORGE.  16.00 for a pizza that was barely edible.
5	It's a little hard to figure out where Forge ends and the rest of the shopping area starts, it's a strange layout.  The pizza was great even though I really don't have that defined of a taste for gourmet pizza.  The mozzarella isn't covering the pizza like you're probably used to, it's in little pillows like you'd see on the Food Network.  Very tasty and the crust was perfect.  The chef gave us a few samples of his made from scratch chocolate and it was some of the best we've ever had.  Will definitely be back!
5	I don't even know where to begin!Food, ambiance, service, atmosphere, everything was above and beyond. We were shopping at the Union and decided to stay there for dinner. Place looked great but since we never tried their food we were not sure what to expect. And then...What an amazing surprise...The food was absolutely amazing. I had tomato basil soup, which was amazing. Then for the main course I ordered Baby Octopus that was served with mashed potatoes, old bay aioli and breadcrumbs. It was out of this world. The portion was really small but you do not want plate of entire octopus on it...just saying. My boyfriend had Mushroom pizza with house made sausage, garlic and thyme. He was as well blown away. I had to have a piece because it looked so good and I didn't want him to eat entire pizza by him self . The crust was awesome. It was tender but yet crispy throughout.  It was full of flavors. I had to pick sausages out as I do not eat pork but he said they were the bomb. Drinks were to die for as well. We had Ways&Means (bourbon, sweet vermouth, 2 bitters, maple) and High Tide (gin, orange, lime, mint). They were very different from each other but flavors were amazing on both. Service was just out of this world as well. Our server was really helpful by explaining the Menu, checking on us in timely manner and getting us exactly what we needed when we needed it. This is a kind of a place that I will keep going back to. They have a beautiful fire pit outside, which is perfect to have a drink by on the semi-cold Phoenix nights. Thank you unique but absolutely amazing Forge and crew, we will be coming back for sure!
3	Had the pepperoni pizza was good but service was so slow and brought the pizza and our first cocktails out at the same time. Overall good food but service needs to step up
3	The feel of this place is what I liked the most. It is decorated super trendy and you have to walk through these little shops to get to it. The outdoor patio with the fireplace looked nice, but we went during the day so it wasn't on. The margarita pizza was salty yet simple. The dry rub ribs were good but nothing special. The meat was tender, which is a plus, but the spices just didn't mix with my taste buds. Some people might really enjoy them! Overall, this place has the potential to be really good. Maybe since we came when they first opened for the day, we didn't get the best food. Not sure if I will be back...If I do, I'll have to come in the evening since that is what most of the reviewers liked best.
