3	When this place first opened - I don't want to think about how many years ago - it was a relatively "upscale" place to go for lunch.  We went there for lunch, and occasionally dinner.  The food was always great.  Within a few years the food was... fine.  So we stopped going.  Every now and then we'd go to the bar - it was in the neighborhood and all.  And the dance floor could be fun, and if the DJ was ok that night, you could have a good time.  I hadn't been there in at least 6 years, but the other night I was back on that side of town and was in a crowd of folks who "still wanted to do something" but they weren't willing to really drive more than 5 minutes.  (They considered this totally reasonable by the way.  How in the world did I ever get out???)  So once folks started talking about where the nearest Denny's was, or how there was a NEW Village Inn they could try - I volunteered Lagerfields.  It took a few minutes - but they were convinced.  Good things about Lagerfields - 1) Full menu until 10pm.  After 10 you can still get deserts and most of their appetizers.  In this part of town that's big.  2) Because they are a restaurant during the day, it's never hard to find a table.  Well, that and because the crowds just aren't packing it in over there... 3) It wasn't a bad time.  There was a decent cover band the night we went.  Between sets they played some muzak that was pretty cool for the crowd - we sang along to a few good 80's tunes together.  So, is this your destination location?  Heck no.  But, if you're ever in the area, and you have a group of friends that you just want to sit and talk with while in a bar setting, it's not the worse option in the area.  And it beats the heck out of Village Inn.
2	If it weren't for my once-a-year loyalty/obligatory appearance to the Phoenix Texas Exes college football game-watching party, I would have never been scooted into this, what amounts to, downtrodden dive.  I feel bad for saying it because when they hosted this event, they had no idea how far over their heads they would be with this contingent (particularly since it was the first game of the season and it was on PPV).They were woefully understaffed, the AC broke, ran out of Shiner Bock, and couldn't get the broadcast well into the Longhorns suckage of the 2nd qtr.  UT could have lost that clunker and I blame Lager Fields.Food was okay.  Small patio for outdoor seating.  TV arrangement was serviceable.  Staff was VERY nice and apologetic.  Two stars for the effort and one for stocking the Shiner Bock.  I won't be back though.
3	We've been to Lagerfields twice now. Our first visit we arrived around 5 pm to an empty sports bar/grill. We found our own seat and then the referee clad buxom blond came to serve us. She had very perky and pleasant attitude and I'm sure she is just the sort of girl the intended demographic would love. My partner spent considerably more time following her figure back and forth than having table conversation with us. They also had Stella on draught which makes them thrilled and so we began on a lovely note. We were very surprised at how many things were on this menu. We expected bar food, burgers and a few entree's, we didn't expect all the sandwiches and fish and steak selections ...etc...Our meals were Half rack of ribs, Chicken Parmesan and Mussels in wine appetizer. My daughter was confident she could eat the half rack of ribs. She's 10, she can't. We found that funny. I knew I'd be getting some of hers, so I was content with just ordering mussels. My partner only gets a craving for Chicken Parmesan once in a blue moon, so I was surprised at the order. It was also HUGE. Big fan! So then my Mussels came. I have to say I was impressed at the well seasoned broth, the whole bowl was tasty and the mussels popped right out with little effort. The bread on the side was a sour dough that was just right.  My daughters ribs were meaty and many. Lagerfields was rolling a 5 star on us! So why is there only three stars up top? The answer: We went back.Our second visit, also a weekday, at about 6pm. This time my daughter wanted a Chicken Parmesan. We laughed and said, that's too big, how about just the Chicken Parmesan sandwich? She frowned, but she got it anyway and sure enough she only finished half.  I'll be eating the other half for lunch today. My partner and I decided to opt for their fish choices. I chose a trout and they chose Blackened Ahi Tuna. This is when we started having a more unpleasant experience."How would you like your fish cooked?" asked the not too bright waitress."Blackened," said my partner."But how do you want it cooked?" she stressed."It's not a question you ask of fish that's blackened..." began the debate..."Yes, it is sir.""Blackening something is a cooking style...""Sir, I have to ask this." She started rolling her eyes at her annoying customers.I rolled mine. "Look, we're not trying to be difficult with you," I said "but blackening itself is how your chef makes the fish."She said, "we don't have chef's here , it's just cooks..."I continued, "It's a seasoning and then a searing. In like a cast iron skillet...""We don't use cast iron here.""...you do it for a few minutes on one side and flip it over and it's "Done"."So you want it done?" said the waitress."Yes. Please cook my fish so that it is done." said my partner. "Properly."She left in a big huff. Anyway, back to the food...We received a overly well done tuna steak with some sort of liquid black swirl on the grey meat. It wasn't blackened, it wasn't seared and you wouldn't have been able to tell it was tuna if it didn't flake. Oh well we should have known better after the discourse and ordered something less likely to be screwed up. My trout was ok, I should have just gotten mussels again, but I really wanted to do other foods on a second visit. My daughters chicken Parmesan was dry and without a drink refill, wasn't finishable.She also didn't re- fill our drinks, she didn't check on our food (the salad was too wilted, not fresh for eating so I skipped it.) and she wasn't timely with the check or the processing of it. She sucked, but apparently felt that we weren't going to be worth her time to serve after our preliminary issue over the fish. I'm sure she felt we'd probably not even tip well, so she treated us like crap.  We determined that someone in the kitchen told her that if a customer ordered a "steak" (and technically the Ahi Tuna is a steak) then she had to get a rare or medium rare or well done determination. I felt like asking her if they would serve me chicken medium rare if it was blackened, but I didn't because I'm really not an asshat.Overall I give it A-ok.  The first visit was nice, the second less stellar, so lower your expectations and you'll be impressed that a bar and grill offers so much variety.
2	This used to be a really nice local bar and grill. They had GREAT crispy buffalo wings. The waitresses were very friendly and cute. I went here about 8 to 10 times during basketball season to watch the Suns, and fairly frequently during the playoffs. It was a fun place to hang out.About a year or so ago, they had an ownership change and the effect was immediate and very noticeable. They no longer made the wings like they used to. The waitresses were all different, as if they had fired the entire old staff and hired new ones. I know waitresses come and go but the old Lager Field's always had a few familiar faces. Not anymore.The new staff was also not as friendly and in general, the bar just didn't have the same vibe that it used to. The food in general was not as good, as a previous reviewer noted it seems like they canned the old cook in brought in someone who did things very differently and not as well. Probably worked cheaper too.I have not been back since my one and only visit after the ownership change. I might give them another try next month when the NBA season starts again, but I am not optimistic. Looks like I may have to find a new place to hang out and watch the Suns raise my hopes and then dash them again in the post-season.
1	They are closed.
4	Granted, this review is circa 2001.  I admit that was a while back.  I came here regularly because the staff was bomb, the prices were decent and the food rocked.  I loved coming here with my Borders crew. I came back in 2004 with a friend, same owners, and they were the bomb diggity.  We got treats, good drinks and the food rocked.  Amanda and Nancy were not any more, which made me sad, but we were treated right and the food was right plus the beer was cold and yummy.Came back years later and the place was under new ownership.  It went from awesomesauce to suck.  The staff was okay but no where near as cool as they were.  The place was worse.I came back to Phoenix in 2006.  I wrangled my way up to PV in 2010 to find the place shut down.  That bugged the snot out of me.  I loved the place once.  1 bad experience was a downer, but to find the place totally shut down?!  Bogus.  Borders closed.  Lager Fields Closed.  Big downer man.
