4	Wendy's in general is getting good at their customer service and the speed of their cooking. My food came out in less than a minute, and an employee even came around asking if we wanted any refill. Wendy's has definitely found a good strategy to win customers again and again.
1	Bad and old food. The service has gone down in the past 6 months and it's almost better to just go to a sit down restaurant with their prices.
1	Went through the drive through window last Friday around 10 ish.Was glad to see there was no line. NOW I UNDERSTAND why. As i was rudely asked my order, all I could hear was the drive through clerk giggling and laughing.IT seemed like she was laughing at me.It continued during the whole order placement.I don't know if it was my east coast accent, which I've lost most of anyway, or if it was the teenage girl goofing off while working.Also every item i said I wanted was met by a flat "huh" " what".When I paid for and received my meal, I realized they forgot to put the fries i ordered and paid for in the bag.So I had to go back to the drive through, at this point there was a line.When I told giggly girl I didn't get my fries.she paused for what seemed like an eternity, then rudely asked what size it was. It was a small.She didn't even apologize or offer an upgrade. SHE COULD CARE LESS. Also I never even  got a receipt the first time. After waiting 15 minutes I finally got my fries.No Apology no upgrade, not even a thank you. The  kicker was, when I picked up the food, there were 3 employees blatantly texting on their phones and chit chatting, standing around doing nothing..How unprofessional. I don't expect much from Wendy's,  except being treated like a human and getting what I ordered. I sent an email to corporate,  but they couldn't be bothered I guess. I know they're just kids, but that's no excuse. I'VE BEEN WORKING SINCE I WAS 16, AND WOULD NEVER DO THAT.I WILL NEVER GO THERE AGAIN.
1	My boyfriend and I had ordered 2 jr bacon cheeseburgers, a number 10 ( chicken nugget meal) and they asked if we needed any sauce. The guys who were at the window were chit chatting away while giving us our food. We got our food and drink and noticed there wasn't any sauce so we went around the drive thru to get the sauce. We get home and found our order totally wrong. We had 2 cheeseburgers with everything on them except bacon. There were 2 large fries but no chicken nuggets at all. Usually this Wendy's is pretty good but after that experience I will never go back to that Wendy's again.
1	This was by far the worst time I've ever ordered food from this Wendy's I ordered three items and not a single one was correct very simple order no onions no tomatoes on the junior bacon cheeseburgers order of chicken nuggets with a couple of sauces and fries got two cheeseburgers with out bacon one with tomatoes and onions the other plane and two orders of fries but no chicken nuggets both gentleman at the teller window were rude and forgot all my sauce. I will never go back to that Wendy's.
3	Nothing beats a nice hot Wendy's chili,  fresh cut red onions and saltines crackers.  Try your over their baked potato. Plus seniors receive a free beverage.
3	Was in the area and the kids were hungry. We try not to eat at a fast food franchise, however there are a couple we will go to and Wendy's is one of them. Had three of the five kiddos with me. Don't allow any eating in the vehicle so we ate inside. I wasn't going to eat anything, however they had the BBQ pulled pork on their menu, had to try it out at least once before they are gone. Kids had chicken strips and fruit with milk. I was actually impressed with the pork sandwich, lots of flavor, and the cole slaw added some good flavor to the sandwich. Kids were good, ate everything and wanted more as usual. Service is like any other franchise, it's a catch and go. Overall it was fine, probably only time we will be there since we do not live in the area. Again is was an OK visit
