4	Impressed. Surprised. Not what it seems. I think all three of those headlines qualify...Pizza-U (you guessed it, right next to Concordia) has space to eat inside, but really is built to be a take-out Pizza place. The twist? All they sell are individual-sized pizzas, cooked on a roller system similar to what you might see at Quizno's. Toppings are generous and the size seems just right - for $7-8 you get something that is right on the mark  in terms of quantity and taste. They have a variety of specialty flavors if you're into that, but I'm really only here to report that the basics - pepperoni, deluxe, hawaiian - are all present and delicious. In particular, they do a really good hawaiian which is a bit surprising given how little-seen they are on the east-coast. Food cooks pretty fast; students shouldn't have a problem eating there.The only downsides right now? One is that it may be hard to spot. The business seems pretty new and is on the second floor above a pair of vegetarian gigs. The kitchen and staff work at the back end, so from the outside it appears empty apart from a logo poster on the window. That should probably improve with time. The other? Eat fast. The pizza is a thin crust, individually sized, so you can expect it to get cold within 20 minutes, even in the box.Long term, I think the only problem for Pizza U is a question of food-per-dollar. There's no $5 options for the students used to hitting the by-the-slice places. But if you have a couple of extra dollars to spend, this is a good lunch-time option.
5	Pizzas are very good with fresh toppings.  Portion is very filling.   Also can add side salad which makes the meal even more healthy (if you care about that).  Surprisingly quick (2 minutes to cook).  Will be interesting to see how far this concept goes as there is no fast food pizza place like it.  I tried the desert which was quite good too, portion is enough for 2-3 people.
2	Disappointed. Ingredients and toppings looked like they had been sitting there for a few days undermining the quality and freshness of the Pizza. We asked for basil and the guy took the only packet out of the fridge and it was completely rotten so he threw it all away. We ordered 5 pizzas and they all came out with soggy crusts. The cooking system may be fast but it pales in comparison to a wood burning oven or even a more conventional electrical system where the crust gets cooked properly and the toppings don't have to be exposed to intense high heat for such a short period of time. I don't mind waiting another 5 minutes for a pizza that is decently cooked.The concept of choosing your own toppings and designing your own pizza is just a recipe for disaster- it dilutes the identity of the pizza characteristic to the establishment. A pizza's combo of toppings and ingredients should be studied and offered as a tried and tested combination, otherwise you end up with a 'mish mash' of ingredients that just don't marry well together especially when you also have the option of choosing the type of sauce and cheese etc.The pre-made dough was also a big disappointment- making it one step closer to a store bought pizza. That, in combination with the lack of freshness of the toppings really disqualifies it from being considered a freshly made pizza.Yes, there are set pizzas too but the pricing just doesn't make sense compared to the build your own.We gave it a try but won't be back- there are much better pizzas to be had and if you can afford to wait an extra minute or two then why come here?
