4	The food here is the same as any other Carl's Jr.  They're big burgers with a good variety but you end up paying a little more than other fast food places and thier value menu leaves a bit to be desired.What made me even think of writing a review for this place was the manager of this specific location.  His positive attitude and apparent eagerness to make customers happy made this one of the best experiences with a fast-food restaurant that I've had in a long time.
2	No sign of the awesome manager that was working before.  Now two weeks in a row the same drive through lady has screwed up my order.
2	It first started out as a great restaurant. I stopped going due to the inconsistency of the food it seems to be extremely dry. And on a personal note. I don't like employees speaking non-English where the customers can hear them.
1	I told him no Swiss cheese and they still made it, and they still made it with this was cheese I had to wait a second time I would recommend coming here they don't pay attention.
2	The buffalo blue cheeseburger is delicious.Smells good had to stopCan't get enough of that blue cheese buffalo burger smells andTastes so good you got to try it.
3	ok, had a card for free turkey burger - just got it in mail because of some other comments I posted - the guy (darkhaired) in drive thru very nice - however, got burger home and it was cooler than lukewarm - hmm - dont get me wrong - I appreciate the free burger but just don't want quality to suffer either- I usually comment and am pleased with my experience - I ate the turkey burger, mainly cause I was hungry and unwilling to drive back - bun a little crisp on bottom too - however, usually I have no probs and will be back :)
3	I guess this is the one at 75th&Cactus-thats the one I'm looking for. Anyway, got all these coupons for free food. (in mail I think) Went in to get a free"western burger" for hubby. He wanted to try it. All he said was "It was good." I mean he likes his burger with just cheese, no bacon, onion rings, etc. But he ate it all, he just said he is a simple man who likes simple food like a simple cheeseburger. NOTE: I like Carl's - my grandkids do too and thats a plus for you! Oh and we usually have great experiences with service. And NO, I am not compensated in any way from Carl's.
3	Just a short note. Had several of the free coupons for food and decided to try the teryki burger. Went inside - server Lluvia - check # 0316-Tues May 6-5:25PM - I couldn't tell the name of the supervisor/shift mgr or whomever the "gal in charge" was. (she wasn't facing me but had a nametag on)I am assuming she was in charge as she was within earshot of customers asking another crew member if she would be the "shift mgr" - the other crew member(female)was reluctant-the mgr kept trying to convince her "you can do it" then going on and on abt how SHE herself did it in California - the server was polite but I did not care to know all the "behind the scenes" info going on. I come to Carl's a lot. I take advantage of all the great coupons you send me in the mail and I get with my order. Teryki burger was ok but we don't really like the bun - its hard.It seems like its wheat. Liked the regular old soft white ones. Turkey burger was good - again do not like the dark bun.Do not mean to rag on Carls - just seems this visit wasn't the usual great customer service experience I usually have at this one.
3	The food is usually good. I come here quite often living down the street from it since it was built. Usually the orders are wrong- so check them. Ill even correct as they r ringing it and she says no- i got it...then bag comes n its not right. They always manage to give my son a cheeseburger instead of regular. Usually thats the mistake i catch, and try to prevent. This location is one to bump up prices here and there. Dunno if its corporate, but chili cheesefries keep going up here.  Food is good tho like i said n ive never seen location dirty.  The order taker just seems to be the issue...whether its thru drive thru or inside.  Maybe its just MY luck? It wouldve gotten another star had this not been an every visit issue.
