5	YAY! I Found another Tart Treat!This place is located in the shops of San Tan Village it's well hidden on a back corner behind Fossil, no wonder I have missed it every time I've been there. I just happened to see the name on the map and decided to give it a try.Refreshing Real Yogurt Flavors, Plain (tart), peach, strawberry, raspberry and green tea. Fresh fruit and dry toppings. You can also get your yogurt blended into a drink.I got the plain with strawberries of course(see pics) and it was perfectly creamy and icy with just the right amount of tart. I also tasted the peach and it was equally good with the subtlety of fresh peaches in a tart yogurt base.I was told they have plans for 5 more location around the Valley I can't wait.
5	It's not Pinkberry, but it might as well be. In fact, it appears as a total carbon copy of the Pinkberry concept; Complete with a knocked-off menu, logo (they use the same colors: pink and green) and a VERY PINK minimalist store design - with bright pink walls and those amazing and very pricey Phillipe Stark 'Ghost' chairs (which i absolutely love, and own!) that "the other named brand" uses. But who cares if it's a total knock-off! This frozen yogurt was DELICIOUS! After the lady gave my friend and I generous sample servings I decided to go with the peached flavored yogurt topped off with fresh kiwi, strawberries AND mango. Note that this was AFTER I had ALREADY EATEN a large salty pretzel AND BEFORE we were about to eat dinner. It was that good. I had to have some. Plus it was a great way to cool off from the hot desert heat.And the wall color goes well with my (avatar's) hair.
4	So Arizona finally gets it's own yogurt place.  This once again proves my point that we're at least two years behind California.  Anyways, it's no Pinkberry or Red Mango, but this place is pretty legit.  Out of the two yogurt places I've tried in AZ, this would be the better of the two.  I normally get the mochi topping on the yogurt, but as of late the mochi has been tasting kinda funny.  The choice of fruit was a bit slim when I visited, but I guess it didn't help that I went near the end of the night.  Eitherway, it's not all that bad.  If you're into yogurt and live in the East Valley, this is the place to be.
4	Friendly service!The super pink walls sorta make my eyes bleed, but I get that that's their thing. I still think that the new mango flavor tastes like my peach yogurt (pre-stirred from the supermarket), but whatevs. Its tart, tasty, and really good in the heat right now. I had my mango with mochi, which is really a lot sweeter than I would have expected. It's also a lot chewy-er than I would think; more so than tapioca balls. There's not a lot of people here (yet?), so its great to spot to sit and chat for awhile. =)
4	This is the first place that I had this kind of tart yogurt. It was weird the first time but after the second time I was hooked. They have great toppings to choose from and most of the time the berries are fresh. I would have given it 5 stars but we happened to go to Hollywood and try the original Pink Berry and it was better than Yogurberry. The staff is really nice and helpful at Yogurberry and it is the best for tart yogurt in AZ that I have found. The only bad thing is that they close at 9pm. And on Friday and Saturday nights there are too many annoying teenyboppers cluttering the place up.
4	We were here on a usual AZ summer day = over 100F so yeah, we liked it very much.  BUT this place is still not as good as Pinkberry.  The store is cute and it is at a good location but yeah the flavor...it's not as tangy.  They do have many fruit toppings which is a total plus ;)*This is the closest thing to Pinkberry we've found so far**Yogurt = good but not as good as Pinkberry*Service = average*Decor = cute, it does remind me of Pinkberry somewhat.
2	I guess I'm spoiled in CA since I have more options.  The yogurt was too icy and the flavored ones were not tart enough.  This is nothing compared to Pinkberry.
1	Good riddance. They went out of business. The yogurt tasted like plain fat free milk was put in the machine and some food coloring was added. I do feel bad that the owners weren't successful, but this place was no good.
