5	I love this place so far. I'm so glad we have something like this in Maricopa. I've been working out here several times a week since it opened and don't have any complaints. I love the gym, but I also can't wait until the pool opens this summer!
1	The staff needs training and an attitude adjustment. I am currently so frustrated that this review is my only recourse. When I have a good experience there, I will update my review accordingly.*update #1 - from 2 stars to 1. The current marketing and membership brochures boasts that there is free child watch included. This is not so. After I purchased a 6 month membership for myself (no refunds)  I was told that my child needs a membership as well to get the "free" child watch.
5	Awesome spot! Well taken care of. Plenty of stuff for the family to do. Beautiful and clean park. Love the manmade lake. The gym and pool are tight. Nice waterside. Summertime hangout.
4	This review is just for the aquatic center. Med sized city pool with a large splash pad, water slide, whirlpool and lazy river. Also a couple diving boards. It's brand new so the facility is very nice.Today is the grand opening and it's not even that crowded so that's nice. It'll probably be a mad house during the summer as it's not very big.It's free with a rec center pass which is likely a vastly better deal than a day pass. Day passes are overpriced compared to other city pools, at $4 adults, $2 kids. That's double the price you'll pay at any other city pools.You can rent swim vests for your little ones.Fyi...there's practically NO shade. Not that many seats either. There's a small area in the middle with shade and seating, then you have to take refuge on the perimeter of the building. Bring your own umbrella and seat.
1	They need longer hours.  I am sorry not everyone works 9a-5p and the commute down the 347 can get me home pretty late.  The staff is "surly" at best.  At worst they are non caring and down right rude.  How these people were chosen for customer service is beyond my understanding.  I assume they are related to the city managers or council, this would explain a lot.  For what it costs, the experience there is not worth it.
