3	I tried the won ton soup and found it bland. I make better won tons than that (and I don't use MSG either).I also ordered the Braised Shrimp Balls that came on a bed of bamboo shoots and pork, but it wasn't amazing. I think it was "okay" Chinese food, but not what I was expecting.Then I tried the salt and chili fried shrimps (spicy) for $10 and I AM HOOKED. I think this is the best dish of the whole lot. Delicious, great breading, flavourful.The last dish is their "famous" Fung Shing Deep Fried Half Chicken.Meh. It was okay. I'd rather go to Rotisserie Ramados for chicken, but it wasn't awful. You will definitely need to do a light dip into that salt to make it taste good.Overall, an okay Chinese restaurant. I've had better, but then again, those chili fried shrimps (#210 on the list) were quite tasty.
5	In my opinion, the best cantonese restaurant in montreal...highlightspeking hot soup - the most tasty hot & sour soup i have ever tastedroast BBQ duck - the best meat on the menubeef in a hot potchinese brocoli & oyster saucecantonese chow mein - noodles are so crispy!
3	They have duck soup! Just that is already good... there is not that much chinese places in town that serves duck soup... and it was quite good.The rest was average. Next time we will try to Peking Duck which might be good is the soup is an indication.Place is casual and service was fast.
4	Chinese tourists go on a trip, where do they eat dinner?  Chinatown!  Cliche, I know.That aside, the food here is solid.  I highly recommend the "pots" which are a variation of the sizzling clay pot (variation being a super hot metal pot) where the food is cooking when it comes out.  We were recommended the salted fish and tofu (being of Cantonese heritage and all) and it did not disappoint.  We also ordered the eggplant pot which was REALLY GOOD.  The Peking duck was much better than I expected (disclaimer: I am not really a Peking duck fan) but everyone at the table was pleased with it overall.  The lobster was also good (we ordered it stir fry, Canto style) but in retrospect I think a steamed lobster would have been healthier.  It was really tasty, but they deep fried it prior to stir frying, thus retaining texture and moisture and super tasty, but adding in some cooking oil I would have been fine without.  I do not recommend the soup though.  I don't remember which soup we ordered, but it was definitely over salted.Food came out really quick, meal for 5 took no more than 1.5 hours to order and eat.  Service was friendly. No complaints there.
