5	Great coffee, spacious interior, tasty treats! What else do you want?This is an authentic Turkish place with a little twist. Great sweet and savory selections that will accompany your perfectly made Turkish coffee (which is served with a Turkish delight) So why should you visit this place:+ only place to get good Turkish coffee in town + very spacious, good for reading, meeting, studying+ friendly staff- only open till 7pm during weekdays and 5 pm during the weekends. If you are looking for a place to study after your dinner go to Neve.
5	I fell in love with this Turkish cafe during my first visit! Cafe Replika just opened this August and it's located 10 minutes from Mont Royal Station. The cafe is very spacious and it has a great ambiance. Their drinks menu is relatively cheaper than the ones in downtown. Replika is owned by a Turkish couple called Ceren and Ozan and they are really nice and happy to answer any of your questions regarding the menu etc. What's so special about Replika is that it serves Turkish food and everything is homemade! The other specialty is their Turkish coffee and they source their coffee beans from a roaster at St Henri. The Turkish coffee comes with a Turkish delight and it's super delicious. It makes me coming back for more ;) I also had their homemade blueberry roll and it was crispy and not too sugary. It's usually very quiet in the cafe and it's the perfect place to spend the afternoon with a book and coffee! :)
5	Best. Home made classics and personal creations. Perfect coffee made by caring and hospitable owners(:  space has a modern open feel, the sunlight pours in! I hope you'll be a regular in no time.
5	The coffee is fabulous, the space warm and inviting, the sweet treats tasty as can be and the owner/operators and staff charming and welcoming. Hands down, no holds barred, a definite 5/5. But there is something more to this cool Cafe: the food - it's unique, its fresh and home made, and most importantly it tastes incredible. If only Yelp would let me, I'd give Replika a 10.
4	Replika has been open for several months and I am surprised more people have not discovered this lovely spot. While many independent coffee shops in Montreal are  super small and crowded, like Cafe Neve down the block, Replika is spacious and open with ample seating and work space. They have a delicious array of homemade sweet and savory snacks, tea and coffee, too! This is definitely a great place to grab a bite and do some work on a cold winter's day.
5	When you first walk in you see a warm and inviting spacious room, the decor is cute and colorful but still tasteful. I knew immediately that I liked the atmosphere but it was after ordering that I knew I would be coming back! First off Nutella brown butter chocolate chip cookies. I will only say this, there is a god. I leave the rest to the imagination. The other baked good are also delicious.The food is really tasty, a small and simple menu but something for everyone. As a vegetarian I had no problems!The coffee is perfect, chai latte superb and nice teas. All in all wonderful atmosphere, wonderful food, wonderful drinks and a charming hostess!
4	The tea is merely OK since it is bags, but the food is excellent and the spacious seating and lounging make it a really ideal place to come to eat and read for a while.
5	This is one of THE best cafes in town. The turkish coffee is epic. If you don't want your coffee to be too sugary, just tell them not to but sugar. It's awesome either way. Really spacious and warm.
4	I can't remember what I thought of my chai latte. It doesn't matter because I obviously had nothing to complain about because... all I can remember is how my mind was blown from the tahini roll. The 4 stars is for the tahini roll and beautiful space. There will be a next time.
5	This is such a wonderful little cafe! I was intrigued by the fact that it is a Turkish cafe.  Only ever having had Turkish coffee at friends' homes, I wasn't sure what to expect, and was delighted to find it just as good as the coffees I've had in the past.  They must put a lot of love into what they do.All the goodies on display looked delicious, and I will definitely want to try them out on future visits.The space itself is super comfortable.  Stylish in a relaxed way, a mashup of church basement chairs and vintage chic sofa, perfect for hunkering down to do some work solo or have a discussion with a pal.  There's a buzz about the place, without being particularly loud or too quiet.  It was just right.
4	Location: On Rachel, West of St. Denis. Metered parking - use transit or walk.The space: I really liked this loft-like cafe, with its communal tables and roomy interior. It offers up a very casual vibe, with good tunes and plenty of day light. I also liked the funky art that was scattered throughout the place. The food: I ordered a Simit sandwich with black olive tapenade, avocado, tomato, sprouts. It was DELICIOUS. For those of you who don't know, a Simit is basically the Turkish equivalent of a bagel, but these are thinner and  lighter than your standard Montreal bagel. Having had Simit in Istanbul, I was pleasantly surprised at how bloody good these were. The clerk told me they make these in-house, so I guess that explains it. I also ordered the homemade lemonade, which was both refreshing and tasty. Service: Good. Not super friendly, but I think the clerk was a bit on the shy, quiet side.Price: Worth it. For $10, I got a huge sandwich and homemade lemonade. Verdict: Go. It's a great place to get a quick snack, chill out over a good book or to get a coffee with friends.  Also, they carry the same brand of Turkish coffee that I brought back from Turkey so.... BONUS!
5	WOW. We were experiencing a spring heat wave and were tired of wandering the streets of Mont Royal looking for a place to eat. I just pointed to Replika (thinking it was a bar or coffee and dessert shop) and said "I'M DONE WALKING. WE'RE GOING HERE."Well, this was a stroke of luck! Since we are vegetarian, we ordered the Simit 2 (see another Yelper's pic of it!) and we loved the turkish bagel and the olive tapenade with the avocado! What a perfect mix! I have been craving it ever since and want to try to make my own version of it here at home (I now live in California.. so can't easily come back here to eat)We also had the blueberry roll which was delish. I should have tried their turkish coffee along with it!They also have free wifi, the code is on the board next to the register.Loved the decor and chill vibe here.
4	Cosy,rustic-looking place, complete with planked tables and recessed lighting. We came by late in the afternoon,so there wasn't much left. We ended up ordering what was in the fridge at the counter. A bean salad with red onions and another salad:broccolini with chopped hazelnuts,in a very tasty vinigrette,as well as a bourek....Turkish-style spanakopita,followed by black tea for me and a green tea for my friend.The broccolini salad was just scrumptious,the bean salad reminded me of refried beans; not my fave,the bourek..very good and not at all greasy,which I expected. The waitress confused our tea orders,but no matter,had the green tea instead ( the new "health food"). Another keeper.
4	The food is amazing, I had the suimit sandwich for a late breakfast and I loved it, the coffe is great, probably the best coffe I've had so far in Montreal, I don't give it 5 stars because of the service, the girl that took my order was kind of rude..
4	with cold season upon us, i started using my coffee passport and since i was in the neighborhood, i made a quick stop to grab one of their "free" coffee. having a choice between espresso, cappuccino, macchiato, tea and turkish coffee; i settle with the turkish without sugar.while waiting, i scoured the surrounding and their offering. the tahini roll sounded tasty. the place is spacious but extremely crowded (it's a weekend, no wonder). the weird arts added a fun element to the place. what i wasn't fond of was the table right next to the takeout counter. it simply puts a barrier between you and your coffee and took away space for you to wait. i ended up waiting near the entrance which becomes quite a pain when people enter/leave.as for the turkish coffee, it was the size of an espresso which kinda bummed me out at first but upon tasting it, that small size would be totally fine. extremely rich and flavorful with a strong bitterness but i had some pastry (from another place) with me so the coffee was perfect in term of taste (not too bitter).like some other yelpers said, definitely get some pastries to counterbalance the bitterness of the coffee. so if you're in the neighborhood and want a different kind of coffee, go for the turkish
4	My first Turkish coffee! It's super strong and bitter but I'm used to Italian espresso so everything will be alright. Served with a little cube of Turkish delight on the most gorgeous china.Overall vibes are much preferred over Neve aka university study hall central across the street. Menu serves up bagels, mezzes and muffins. Nice to see a coffee shop in Montreal doing something a little differently.
