5	A brand new pizza concept hits the Valley... sandwiched between Sammy's Place and a Subway, this is a new "fast casual" pizza restaurant. It's not yet "famous" here in Phoenix, but they definitely aspire to be. The owner - Frank - clearly spent a lot of time and money on this place, and he seems to be passionate about the business. That's always a good sign. The restaurant is sharp and clean and has a shiny new coat of paint. Though there used to be a different pizza joint in this spot at one point, you wouldn't know it. You can tell they use quality fresh ingredients and a lot of thought went into it. I had a slice of pepperoni and a cannoli, and both were absolutely delicious. The crust on the pizza was light and crisp and flavorful... it ranks pretty high on my list for pizza crust I'd say. It was a tasty slice. You can't go wrong here. They've only been open for 2 days so far, but they seemed to hit the ground running. They currently offer slices and whole pizzas to-go, and they eventually plan to add delivery and online ordering and the whole 9 yards... delivery hopefully soon. The prices here are low in spite of the atmosphere suggesting otherwise. The owner seems like a nice genuine guy whose goal is happy customers. I hope this place does well and that he opens one up near my house. I think he plans to make more of these... he should.
5	Totally agree with Max A. The food is good and the owner takes pride in what he does. Automatic win for me.I love that they offer by the slice. My household is me and my 6 year old son so it's hard to commit to a full pizza when we want pizza. Also, they have lunch combos of a slice and a drink for $2.50; a slice, a side salad (choice of any salad they offer), and a drink for $5; etc... Their lunch combos top out at $5 and offer a wide range of choices. I wished my work was close to here because it would be a great spot for lunch during the work day.
5	I went to this place tonight and it was absolutely amazing! I stumbled upon it by chance and I am glad we randomly drove by here. The crust was great, flavorful, just the right thickness. There wasn't too much sauce and it wasn't dripping grease. Their cannoli's were great too! The owner was very friendly and took pride in his work, something you don't see very often. Very happy I ate here! :)  I hope they keep it up.
5	If you're looking for an AUTHENTIC, affordable pizza place, look no further!I normally don't go out for pizza because it's so tough to find a good place. I came here on a recommendation and was impressed! If you don't live in the area, it is  definitely worth the drive! The crust is thin but crunchy, the sauce was just the right amount and the ingredients were very fresh and flavorful. Be sure to grab a cannoli on your way out and tell your friends about Frankie's!
5	My friend took me to this little quaint, casual New York style pizza place.  Self seating for about 30 people.  When we walked in, Frankie was seating a party of 14.  He acknowledged us right away and we went ahead and took a seat.  Once he and his employee Gary, got their orders and had them settled, he came over.  Frankie is in his element with customer service.  We took our time checking out the place and the menu.  The place is clean, including the bathroom.  Simple menu with pizza, pasta, hot and cold subs, salads, and calzones.  Cannoli and cheesecake for dessert.  Lunch specials are available with single slices. Very affordable.Our meal started off with garlic knots.  Frankie has experimented with recipes for the "sauce" and has wonderful blend of olive oil and garlic for the knots.  They are served with little cup of marinara sauce.  Nicely baked with the right amount of doughy center.  These are a must have.  We both chose greek salads and calzones for the meal.  The salad dressing is one of Frankies recipes, just the right amount of taste and tang.  The cheese calzone was just the right blend of cheeses.  Any of the pizza toppings can be used in the stuffing for the calzones, and my dinner partner decided on mushrooms and chicken.  I couldn't believe the amount of chicken and mushrooms.  So very tasty.  Found out that Frankie has his own recipe for the dough and the dough is made in the kitchen.  Very good!  All of the ingredients are fresh, and he has perfected the right amount of spices, which really brings out the great flavors of the food.  For dessert, I couldn't pass up a cannoli.  Fresh, homemade by Frankie.  Mmmm, good!While we were there, another family came in for dinner - customer service was great for everyone.  The atmosphere is like being in the family kitchen with great conversation, kids having fun, and Frankie having fun leaning over the counter talking to a couple of the guys that had gotten up from the big party, and were now hanging out at the counter.  This is a feel-good place to visit.  Hopefully Gary will be there also.  Gary is a transplant from New York and in his element with customer service.  Lots of fun.  We drove down from Scottsdale to try this place, and this is difinitely being put on my favorites lists.  Take the time to stop in here.
1	Ordered a pizza from this place and it was terrible,tastless and very generic.....Frankie should take the famous out of his advertisment A.S.A.P
4	Great Pizza and HomeMade Cannoli. Very friendly people just a cashier and a Man who i think is the owner Making all the pizzas. I would have gave 5 stars but the wings I ordered were Baked not fried. I prefer fried, but over all still tasty i would order wings again. I will be going back.  Really good lunch specials also. BEST Cannoli try them!
3	I'm making it my mission to try as many local pizza places in Gilbert as possible, so Frankie's, with its 5 star reviews, has been on my radar for the last month. I attempted to place a phone order, but got hung up on while I was on hold. It was a Friday night so I gave them the benefit of the doubt and called again.I picked up a margherita, my measuring stick of pizzas. Their pleasantly sweet sauce is very good. The crust had a nice bite to it.  The toppings left a lot to be desired. Just a few tomatoes and a bit of fresh basil buried under average cheese. I don't understand why pizza joints are so abusive to fresh basil. Put it on after the pie comes out of the oven!Price was good. $13 for a large that feeds two adults. Maybe I'm just nostalgic for my younger days, but I still wish this place housed Extreme Pizza.
5	This place is the absolute best neighborhood pizzeria around! The owner, Frankie, greets customers by name and is very personable. He is willing to "customize" orders if asked.  The pizza is great, a traditional New York Style and his subs are the best....My family loves the Lucca Italiano toasted! Prices are VERY reasonable and they offer many lunchtime specials consisting of combos with slices/wings/salads....stop by and give it a try, you won't be disappointed!
5	great lunch specialsgreat lunch specialsGood pizza, nice staffDid I mention they provide excellent customer service. The owner is super friendly and willing to do what it takes to have a happy customer.
5	I recently stopped in here since I was in the area and had heard about this thru a friend who had been here when it first opened.  I am a New Jersey Transplant and so my Pizza expectations for Arizona are what they are - that they will always be compared to the places in the area I grew up in and the places I've frequented in the Summer's along the Boardwalks at the Jersey Shore.  The quality of the pizza was great. Both the dough and sauce were satisfactory for my taste buds. I ordered a medium pizza with veggies on it since I was getting something to go for just myself and to have some left over for the next day.  While I was waiting, I had a slice from under the hot lamp and that was one of the best think crust slices I've had in a while. You won't be disappointed with the quality of pizza here.  The staff was friendly as I talked to them while I was waiting.  The dough is made fresh daily the owner and mentioned you can use it the next day, at the 48 hour mark it won't be as good and the pizza crust will be too chewy.I've been here twice so far and I'll definitely make this a consistent stop.  While it seems farther from where I live (close to that Tempe Marketplace), and this is on Baseline and Cooper ...it's less than 15 mins away as I timed the drive.  60 to Stapley is ten 10 mins at most, and then just a tad south off the 60 and you're there.  Eventually I need to try their other dishes outside of the pizza menu, but if you're looking for a good pie or to grab a slice, stop in and I'm sure you'll like it.  I read one review below about the person being unhappy with the taste, and I find that hard to believe because the taste was great to me.  Football season is coming up and I will definitely be ordering a couple pizza's on Sunday's to take over to my friends house when we watch NFL and monitor our Fantasy Leagues.
5	The crust is thin enough and light airy with the perfect amount of chew. The sauce is the star here and you will enjoy the slightly sweet salty flavor the enhances the real cheese and top quality ingredients. The price is as low as it gets in this part of town and I would highly recommend this place to anyone. It is not a franchise but owned by a guy (Frankie) from Chicago. DO NOT go there expecting a Chicago style pizza, you wont find it here. This is now my neighborhood pizza joint.
5	While I was in town visiting my beloved sister, she mentioned that she knew a really good pizza place.  You know me, I never turn down the opportunity for good pizza!  I know, I know...Maybe I should? lolSo we stop in Frankie's after a short drive and seemingly ordered up one of everything on the menu.I tried the calzone.  Yum!  Fresh baked and delicious with a good amount of ricotta and various toppings, but not too much.  It was ratio perfect.  Served up with a side of their most delicious homemade marinara sauce.  WOW!We also ordered up a few salads but they were definitely on the small side.  Everything was fresh and there was absolutely nothing to complain about.  The service was impeccable and it felt great to be a patron where they truly value the customer's experience.Good vibes and great food all for a very reasonable price.  What more could you ask for?Eat here now!!
2	I will keep this short, there was nothing famous about this experience.  Got two pies, pepperoni / mushroom & chicken / spinach - all four toppings had the look / taste / texture as if they'd been pulled out of a can.  The red sauce was too sweet - and this is not what one wants on a savory pizza pie.  Sorry Frankie, not impressed & won't be ordering from you again.  The end.
5	My favorite takeout pizza! Frankie's left a flier on our door so we gave it a try. The crust is chewy and crispy at the same time and is well seasoned. The sauce tastes homemade. The cheese and toppings are in perfect proportions. The prices are extremely fair. We have received takeout twice and both times exceeded my expectations. When I called to order, the man taking the call even informed me that my order qualified for a free liter of soda because of a special they were running. I didn't know anything about the special so it was refreshing for him the offer this without me prompting him. Thanks Frankie's!
4	Frankie contacted me and showed genuine concern for what was an unfortunate experience.  They made it right, and the 2nd batch of pizza I got was tasty.  Thank you Frankie for taking a vested interest in your company's web presence and keep up the good work!
5	Something new to try. Frankie has made a deep dish Sicilian style pizza. The crust is very good, thick, buttery and deliciously crunchy. I still love this place they are my go to for Friday night pizza.
4	I stopped in for a pie after work and........ $12.00 for a 16 inch!!!! Awesome...
5	I love this place! I try to go at least a couple times a month. I have some family and friends moving down here soon and I cant wait to bring them here. See you soon Frankie !! ;)
3	This pizza is the most debated in our family.  My son just loves it, my wife will eat it but would rather pass and I just don't like it. Crust is good but lacks sauce and very lite on toppings.  It is not greasy at all so I think this is why my son likes it so much.
5	My new favorite pizza joint. They have such a great menu to choose from. The thin crust is super yummy. There is nothing on their menu that my family n I don't like. Their food is really I die for.
5	Manager and staff have always been very nice.  It is nice to be greeted with a genuine smile.The lunch specials are such a good price for the food and the white pizza is fantastic.
1	I ordered from here specifically because the reviews were so great on Yelp. We ordered delivery. Had wings, half hot/half medium, extra well done and 2 pizzas. Wings: breaded and soggy. Think about a chicken finger that's been dipped in water. Flavor was the same for both hot and medium...not very hot.Pizza: Very doughy. Very tomatoey. Cheese didn't taste like cheese. Had one slice and decided I'd rather be hungry.  My entire family was of the same opinion. Just not good. How has the Yelp family gotten this place so wrong?!
1	if I could rate this 0 stars I would. I've been sitting here for around 10 minutes and the guy behind the counter walked up to me and asked me what I ordered. then he took pizza that was sitting out for what looks like awhile and heated up the pizza. he obviously had no idea what he was doing.the pizza was okay but nothing special.very disappointed in the service I received here, will not be going back.
3	It was decent, I tried it out because of all the great reviews I read here.  The ingredients all seemed quality, the pepperoni, the sausage, the sauce, etc.  Maybe my expectations were just to high, it is just pizza after all lol.  I ordered a large, a medium, and 20 wings and ended up spending about 33 bucks.  The wings were really small...for the money I feel like I've had better.  Could be a matter of preference.  I think I'm a Chicago style guy (Barro's is probably my favorite to date) this seems more like a neopolotine or a New York style.  If your in the area and looking for a decent slice this place isn't bad, just didn't give the wow I was expecting.
4	The two slice combo is a great deal and I love the employees. They seems to genuinely care about how you're doing and get to know you.
5	So I tried Frankies meatball sub.. it was the very best sub that I have ever tasted....EVER...this place is simply the best.
5	My husband and I often eat here together . The Pizza is great as well as the service . Everyone is friendly and fast .We have also ordered the really big party pizzas for special events and they taste great and are always a hit .
2	I've spent money here twice; once on a take out order and once inside. Service is slow but you get your food...eventually. I'm a huge Italian food fan, especially when they have chicken parm on the menu. At Frankie's, I've ordered the chicken parmigiana sandwich and the chicken parmigiana meal. Both were absolutely awful!! The sandwich bread was so toasted it crumbled apart and the chicken inside was pathetic with 3 very thin cut strips with a tiny amount of sauce and cheese. Thank God you get a side of marinara because you need the sauce of it to get this down.  The chicken parm meal was also disappointing- the spaghetti is grossly overcooked and the marinara has no flavor. I will say the chocolate mousse cake was delicious but I doubt it's made in house. I'm sad because Frankie's is pretty close to my house and I really want to like it. It's just not good. Sorry.
4	Good quick food. The teenagers working the front were friendly and on point. I had two cheese slices and filled me up(I'm big guy 6ft 250lbs) so def not tiny pizza. Very affordable and nice alt to fast food. I recommend this place if your in the area. Look for PIZZA on building.
5	Really fresh toppings on a thin crust pizza. Great for individual slices at a low cost. Love coming here with my husband. Nice place to eat there too
5	The staff is as friendly as the food which is AMAZING! We will definitely order again! Delivery was very fast and the food was hot when received. Don't forget desert, the cannoli are the best in Gilbert!
4	Been here twice, loved it each time. I ordered it for the office and everyone else agreed that it was delicious. They are true NY pizza and their garlic knots are TO DIE FOR! I'm not sure what kind of expectations people have if they call this pizza terrible. It's on par with any other place I've had in the Valley and definitely one of the better ones in the East Valley.
2	As some who grew up in NY. I take it as an insult to call this NY style. Its little caeser style. That being said its not bad for generic run of the mill Arizona pizza.I use the word generic because I saw it in someone else's review. In NY almost no pizzarea would serve Pepsi.  I have had far worse pizza in az just never worse in jersey. Let me say its much better than little Caesars its just not NY style. They put parm on the crust so that alone should prove the point. I really didn't enjoy my meal. I feel bad because they were nice and the food isn't uneatable its just not for me
2	Location is good and staff was friendly and after all the great reviews we thought we would give it a try. ..I have to say that for a $10 pizza I got my moneys worth. Still in search for some real NY pizza..... this place was just okay, didn't taste like they use quality of fresh ingredients.... and they have Pepsi,  eh. Chances are we wouldn't try it again.
5	Best pizza ever!!!!  Must get the bread sticks  :-) plus the price very fair. Just love this place
5	Being a native New Yorker it has been hard to find a good quaint pizza spot. I have finally found 1 in Frankies. Fantastic sauce along with superior dough make for a delicious slice. Also you cant beat the service and price. Well done Frankie's.
3	I ordered on a Friday night at around 9pm thru grubhub.com. The delivery man arrived at about 9:40pm.  Pizza was ok and salad was fresh but make sure to rder your chicken wings EXTRA CRISPY...ours were a little rubbery!.
5	1st time. Brought in by Yelp. Was not disappointed. Cheese sticks were great and the crust was perfect.
3	This place is overall a solid place. So I'd recommend them to anyone. However, they only get three stars cause they hardly use any toppings and for the actual amount of food you get, it's not a good deal. I like thin slices, but when they're all super thin with little toppings, I gotta eat more to get full. So the price goes up. Otherwise, great taste and ok priced. But they could be better.
4	I have been coming to this place on and off for a while now, the owner knows me by name lol. I basically order the same thing, pizza and Garlic knots, both amazing. Everyone I have encountered while being there is very nice I recommend a drop by.
1	I don't know where to start with my bad experience here.  About three or four days ago I ordered and it took an hour and a half to come.  My kids were bawling.  I have never had pizza take more than 45 minutes before, but I have never ordered here before.  Online it said it would take no more than an hour, which I figured would leave us a bit hungry but would still be ok. After waiting 60 minutes I called the first time.  I was surprised that it hadn't shown up yet, and even more surprised that they hadn't called me to tell me what was going on.  They said it was out for delivery.  30 minutes later, still nothing.  I call again, he says there were 2 other orders made at the same time as mine (?! so that justifies it ?! you can't handle THREE orders?!) and that is should be here any minute.  He said he would call the delivery guy.  A couple minutes later the delivery guy shows up.  He said the same thing, two other orders.  I pay for the food. After the guy leaves I realize he forgot the one thing I ordered for myself.NO side salad.  NO side salad,  Ugh, I'm pissed.I open the boxes of pizza and cheese sticks and hand it out to my family.  The pizza is OLD.  Obviously it's been sitting for a long time.  It was AWFUL.  In my experience if you are raving hungry almost anything tastes fantastic, my kids cried even more after one bite because they hated it.  These kids will eat gas station pizza.  Wouldn't touch the cheese sticks either after the first bite.  Both made me gag.  It didn't help that the center of the pizza was somehow soggy.  It seemed like they either left out the salt or just had a bad recipe to begin with.FINALLY we opened the chicken alfredo.  It was the one thing that tasted good.  We devoured it.  I open the cake, it looks different than the picture online, I figure what the heck no surprise, and it tasted fine.  I put the useless pizza and cheesesticks in the fridge in hopes I could convince the family to eat it later, no dice.  I finally threw it out today.  Between the salad they didn't give me, the messed up pizza and cheesesticks I figure these guys scammed me out of $21.  Honestly I would love to complain and throw a big fit, but if you have a traveling spouse and you are swamped with kids and work and whatnot the most time I have is to complain here and do my best to turn people off from this place.  If they were a good company they would have called to say they would be late, if they were a good company I shouldn't have had to pay for old bad tasting pizza, if they were a good company they would either have better food or pay closer attention and get the recipe right, if they were a good company they would get my ORDER right, if they were a good company they would have called ME after knowing nothing except that they had taken a horribly long time to deliver and that there was no way the pizza was fresh.  EVERYTHING that could go wrong did.  DO NOT EAT HERE!!!
5	We came in with a large group, late on a Saturday night with some tired kids from a swim meet.  Oregano's was impossible to get into, so we tried Frankie's...we were not disappointed!  Not only were they happy to accommodate us, the pizza was great and the garlic knots were delicious!  A friend had a salad and she said it was fresh and satisfying, another friend was pleased with an entree.  Quick and good for the amount paid.
5	Great food as always, pleasant music, big screen tv, fed 3 of us under $20.  The owner gave my children free clementines. Clean, polite, happy servers. Adding menu photos
1	Tried for the first time last night because it seems like it would be pretty good pizza from all the stars that it has received. I wasn't really impressed with it. We ordered two Large pizzas and they really didn't seem that big. Not the worst pizza I have ever eaten but honestly I would rather eat little caesars pizza for a lot less money. I won't be eating here again. Save yourself some money and just go get a $5 pizza from little caesars.
5	Ordered delivery the first time and went with the Mergherita pizza and was done for. The second time, I went with the Pesto pizza with chicken and it was just as good! Having a conversation with these workers is a highlight of picking up the pizza. Such a great neighborhood pizza place. LOVE IT!
