5	A review a few days ago about a foot massage place got me thinking -- the reviewer said he thought Las Vegas had more reflexology places per capita than he'd seen anywhere else in America, and he just might be right -- but how great is that.  My only challenge is that a lot of these places smell like -- well, feet...  ewww.Yesterday my knee went out -- probably as a result of working two hard days setting up UNLV's Picnic Pops event.  I was in a world of hurt and could barely walk -- sent my whole body out of kilter.  So I called up Massage Envy - hey those suckers are pre-paid, why is it that I keep forgetting about it - to see Bill at 9.  When I got there, they had no appointment for me...with steam pouring from my ears, I hobbled back to my car, drove to Wild Oats, bought a bottle of wine and was headed home beyond mad, when I noticed flashing neon feet in a window at the corner of Arroyo Grande and Warm Springs -- I made a quick u-turn and thought what the hell...Two nice women greeted me warmly at the counter -- and in seconds, after giving them my $39, I headed to a room...it looked like they had about 8 of them -- the place was clean -- not too "feety" and the large fluffy chair in each room was covered with a white towel.  I sat down and Candy put my feet in a tub of hot brown water -- ancient Chinese medicine she said -- good?  Yes, good...  She pushed the chair back -- oh it reclines and I began to waft away...didn't realize just how much I hurt.  She worked on my neck, head, shoulders, arms, hands, then my feet and legs -- not bad for 45 minutes in a chair.  I told her about my knee -- she worked on it.  Lefrexorogy, she said -- small hurt ok.  Big pain, no good.  This was great.  I told her I would send my husband, too, she smiled.  You come with him.  We have couples room.   What a great Fathers' Day gift, I thought.  Candy is lovely, professional, and kind.  They're clearly just getting started so word of mouth is important.  This is a completely legit place -- I've walked in a few that scared me.  If you're in Henderson, and your dogs are barking, give them a try.  I left limp-free and this morning when I woke up, my pain was completely gone.  And I slept like the dead, probably the best night's sleep I've had since my last accupuncture appointment.
5	Thank goodness for Yelp!  It led me to the kind women at No 8 Herbfoot Reflexology.I'd spent three days on my feet, and my whole body was screeching.  I went in miserable, and left happy and relaxed.  What more is there to say?There is not a lot of fancy decor, but who goes to a massage place for the decor?  The excellent massage  was great, and the feeling of kindness and care did the real healing.I'll be back!
5	I had my first foot massage in Hong Kong.  My feet were beaten from several days of walking around the city, so nothing will ever top that first foot massage.  I had a bad back ache and really needed something.  I didn't really want a full body massage, so I checked for a place to get a foot massage near me.  I saw this place had good reviews, and as luck would have it, it was right around the corner from my house.  I was doing this at 1:30 in the morning, so I didn't know if they were open.  I called ahead and was told they were.  I stopped in and asked for a 45 minute foot massage, which is normally $39.  But she went on for over an hour.  It was a great massage and it did the trick for tacking away some of my pain, even though it was in my back.Like I said, she went for over an hour.  I felt obligated to pay for the extended service, but it was clear she was not going to charge me extra.  So I guess we just considered it a tip.  This is a really nice, low key place if you're looking for a good foot rub down.
4	This place is open 24 hours which makes it very convenient. The prices are quite reasonable, a bit more than others ($49 for 60 minutes). This place is dedicated to privacy so that you can relax and feel at ease. You get your own private room without the hassle of people seeing you sit on your chair as they walk by . I am not an expert in foot massages or reflexology. So, I am not sure if they are doing it correctly or not. All I just know that it felt great to get your feet pampered. Especially when you are tired. I would go back to this place because of the business hours and privacy that is essential if you want to relax.
4	I was yelping late at night when I discovered a review on foot massages. I thought "OMG! Those are legit?" (laughs)..so I went about searching for the closest ones to me and found this place with excellent reviews.I love massages but I'm not into disrobing for a massage simply because I'm not a skinny girl. So the idea of a foot massage really appealed to me.It was $49 for 60 minutes. She actually did my back, shoulders, arms, head, face, hands, lower legs and feet for that price and it ran about 90 minutes for $49. DON'T expect that to be the norm but I tip well and I also went late at night. It was approx 10:30 and I got out of there at midnight. Having my massage so late in the day I really slept well when I got home. I went in expecting the fact it was legit to be a mistake because I'm just not used to a 24 hour feature. I also had to ring the door to be let in but that was for safety for the workers in there. Not that it's a bad neighborhood, it's just smart thinking. I felt safe the whole time.It was simple, but clean and everything felt sanitary. The woman that massaged me had a strong accent but that just added to the interest of this experience.The only thing that put me off a bit was having to remove my top and bra to be massaged but that's expected when you get a back message. I just wasn't prepared for it. It's my own fault because she asked me if I wanted my back done and I said yes...so it makes sense that I would have to partially disrobe. Duh! LoL! My fault. The back and shoulders massage was nice but not as good as hiring someone that specializes in that. It was just a perk and I tipped well for doing extra on me. Next time I suggest sticking to the things they specialize in. Foot massages. This includes the head, the face, the hands and the lower legs and feet actually. And they're really good at these things. Skip the back and shoulders and have a proper full body massage somewhere else if you want full body. This is more like a quick and inexpensive treat. I have to tell you I'm hooked. It felt incredible. It wasn't like a european massage I've had but it was just as relaxing.I've looked around town now and plan on visiting those other places. 49 for 60 seems to be a really reasonable rate and this, from the reviews, seems to be one of the better ones in town if not the best for this style of massage.An unforeseen benefit is going later at night before bedtime so you can be focused on without many interruptions if at all. I forgot to mention there was also nice low, relaxing music in the background turned on just for me. The water was nice and warm. perfect. It took a bit of time for me to really relax because I was just so in shock it was legit but it is and next time i'll pass right out when it begins I'm sure. Looking forward to that!It came to 49 bucks but I gave her 64 because she went way beyond what she had to do. I got almost a full body massage and it went over by 30 minutes. Well worth it. Take care of the people that take care of you and you'll have even better service in the future.
5	Ahhhhhhhhhhhhh...you had me at foot massage!This  place rocks 24/7!!!After a day of hiking, preceded by a day of shopping...my pods were acihing when my goof friend announced that she'd arranged for a little treat for us! Love her!Our treat was a trip to this Foot MassageSalon. Being a NYer, I was skeptical about a place open 24/7, not far from LV with a locked door  (you ring a bell )...but  I was sooo pleasantly surprised! We enojoyed ourselves into deeply relaxed states!We soaked,...were massaged (feet, calves, head, hands and face) and we relaxed so much our one friend (L) started to snooze! I am so glad we chose to go in the evenng as a better nites sleep could not be had...While our appt was for 45 minutes....we almost had to tell them to stop (what were we thinking) at the hour mark! Next time -I might not leave!Now that I am back in NY...my feet are just screaming " FOOT MASSAGE PLEASE!" They are so spoiled!
4	I have to admit, I was a bit hesitant to go to a "foot massage" place, especially one where you have to ring the doorbell. But I was pleasantly surprised. The ladies were very nice and the foot massage lasted for 60 minutes even though we only paid for 45 minutes. My husband went with me and we sat in a couple's room together. All in all it was a nice, relaxing experience.
5	I decided to give reflexology a try as a last ditch effort to go into labor. Seriously.It's a small, unassuming place, where the owners' dogs were milling around. Very home-y. The woman who did my massage was extremely sweet, albeit somewhat of a challenge to understand. She totally got what I was asking for, though. She even promised, "You have your baby tomorrow morning." It was a nice massage, and though I only paid for 45 minutes, she worked for over an hour, always making sure I was comfy and happy.Here's the thing: My water broke an hour afterwards, and I had my baby at 7:01am. Either she is magic or God loves coincidences. Maybe both.
5	This place is awesome. I am visiting from So Cal and I regularly get massages at least twice a month. This place is better than any place I go to back home. I got the 1 1/2 hour full body and I came out so relaxed that I slept like a baby!
