4	Moving here from Seattle, one of my top priorities was to find good coffee. And this cute little acronym-of-a-coffee shop has what I need! Delicious coffee, extremely friendly baristas, and a great vibe.I'm writing this review from the new Sequoya Commons EVP on Midvale and Tokay. I just moved down the street, and I'm pretty stoked about my new neighbor! The windows are tall, allowing great natural light to fill the room. I love the artwork and acid-washed cement floors. I look forward to many a lazy Saturday morning, waking up with my EVP.So, dear EVP, please won't you be my neighbor?
4	Hands down, best coffee in town. How do you make your coffee so black??????? And I heart the baristas- esp the one with the tattoos and ear plugs! I love that he recognizes me from my coffee runs to the EVP in the hospital. I only wish they were open later and that they had more by way of food (for those long days of writing papers/wasting time online).
4	I have always heard great things about EVP, but this was my first visit.  I walked in just before 9am on a Tuesday morning and was back out the door just before 9am with a delicious latte in hand.  This was hands-down the most efficient service I have had in a Madison coffee establishment in a long time.  The Sequoya Commons EVP is right next door to me and I predict it will become a frequent stop on my morning rush to work..
5	Great coffee and I am a home roasting person so I am very picky. Also they have pastries from La Brioche which are excellent. Highly recommended.
5	This place is just great. When the location over by Lombardino's was open, they would display local art, always giving you something to look at. The coffee is delicious and the baristas are so friendly. My favorite coffee place! (And this applies for all locations!)
4	I've visited nearly all of the coffee shops around the west side area and EVP has consistently the most flavorful, black coffee, AND the lowest price! You can't go wrong here. The coffee is excellent, the staff are always friendly, and the price is less than $2 for a medium sized coffee!
5	I virtually stopped going to Starbucks after discovering this local gem and repeatedly running into super-friendly owner, Tracy Danner. The coffee is amazing, the service is supreme, and the atmosphere is way more relaxed than a national chain. Try the bear claws which are literally to die for. Reasonable prices on whole expresso beans, too. I love this location because it's next door to other places I frequent and because it's a great gathering place for locals (thus always a hubbub of activity). But if you want a more relaxed venue with lots of locals who will invite you to join their daily coffee klatch, try the big table (or the couches) at EVP on the corner of Glenway & Mineral Point Rd.
3	This is a pretty average coffee place. The owner is super friendly and the coffee is good enough that I have no complaints. There is food available though it wasn't the most terrific. I'll definitely stop by again, because it is definitely worth stopping by when in the area.
4	Edit: I updated this and bumped it from 3 to 4 stars as they now have some pretty cool employees working for them now. Anthony is a welcome addition and they bumped their hours up on Sundays too!! -The coffee is good-Food is decent but a very small menu selection. Overall prices are decent.-Not open at nights and til 5 on weekends.
5	Delicious coffee (ten times better than the 'bucks), friendly baristo, New York Times, a couple of blocks from me. What more could you want?
4	Such nice people and great latte!  Almond milk with SF Vanilla latte...super yum!
4	Came here for a mocha and a place to sketch . Great atmosphere. Love the colors they chose for the decor. Friendly staff. Free wifi is a plus. May EVP live long and prosper!
5	I was surprised at the variety and list of daily soups, the tomato black bean was great. It was similar to a veg chili - which is impossible to find around here! Great service also.
3	I've had EVP coffee a couple of times and I enjoy it, but this review is about this particular location. I have to be honest, I didn't really realize I was in a coffee shop when I walked in. It felt as if I was in someone's kitchen. Now to some that might not be a great thing and to be honest, I didn't really love it either. The seating area is nice, it isn't crowded in the sense that tables and chairs are placed right next to one another and I love the plentiful window space. I love the modern decor etc. and it has a nice location being on the way in or out of downtown. I think it is a really nice location but I wasn't horribly impressed with some of the choices for the counter and back of counter. I will most likely return though for a quick cup of good coffee.
5	Should give it 4 for the long slow lines : wonder why they can't speed it up a bit .... Just a bit .... Like less chat more coffee?     But it's about the joe
5	The Sequoia EVP is my regular Sunday Coffee and Paper Haunt. Anthony works the Sunday afternoon shift - Noon til Close (5pm). Lattes are consistent. All the EVP beans are air-roasted at EVP's East Washington location. EVP is one of the only coffee shops that can actually make a proper latte... Crema only - not a half a cup of foam. The baristas take their coffee preparation seriously - and it shows. Tracy Danner - The Grand Dame of the Madison Coffee Scene takes pride in every aspect of the EVP enterprise. She supports her employees and the community. She strives to make all of her customers happy and goes out of the way to treat us regulars like family.
4	One of my favorite spots.  I will get a bottomless cup some mornings and spend it writing.  Would normally pair it with a pastry- but they've recently changed suppliers so my usual favorite morning bun or bear claw is no more.  :-(.  I think it was the supplier stopped supplying...
4	Absolutely fantastic coffee. I've tried a couple of other local places and this one beats 'em all so far. I've never had to wait more than a couple of minutes, although I've never been when it's ultra busy. I highly recommend the "Thor".
