3	Ice cream is ice cream in my opinion no matter where you go, so when I want an ice cream break while at work I'll make a stop here. Only problem is the customer service is so-so and the employees definitely like to take their sweet time serving you (no pun intended).
3	Staff is not that great but the ice cream is :)
5	This place is always busy but the staff seem to be always happy to serve you.
3	Normally I would give 4-5 but the cute girl with the shrilly voice shorted me on the scoop. I am sure the owners appreciate it but really for $2 bucks I want my full scoop. This thing was light and not solidly packed as it should be. The place was clean the service was attentive. One other thing, it is against food service law to wipe the inside of the ice cream container with a rag to clean the used portion of the container. They do this to keep the 1/2 used section looking clean and desire-able. To me it means they are wiping germ infested rags inside the ice cream.
3	As often as I have been here, I have only checked in couple of times and I have never  written a review. Interesting. The staff are always super friendly and the ice cream is great. I mean it is Baskin-Robbins, how can you go wrong. I do wish it wasn't so expensive to get ice cream these days. I mean really, $2+ for one scoop? It just isn't like it use to be back in the day. Oh well, it will not deter me when I have a need, a need for some jamoca almond fudge ice cream! lol!
3	Good place to have ice cream, Quiet place. The bad part NO WIFI
5	Best ice cream shop! I've been to many other Baskin Robbins but prefer this location over any others! Even the one down the street from me. Great staff and really great cakes!
5	Absolutely love this location. Very clean location and wonderful staff. Friendly and fast service! You can't go wrong with ice cream! Try the pralines n cream!!!
1	Not very efficient staff. I called to order a birthday cake for my autistic daughter. I had to call 3 times in a period of an hour. Then got cake ordered.  I ordered a princess cake but later that evening another employee called to make sure that the previous employee had taken order correctly and she had not! So he corrected it. Next day I go in with the very unclear email for their Birthday club and because I didn't print it off the employee wouldn't take $3.00 off the $42 cake nor would she give my autistic daughter a free birthday cone. Really?? It was her birthday.  I'll never be back. Poor attitude and kept putting things off on the manager that wasn't there.
4	It's Baskin Robbins. Good ice cream, decent price. I like this location becaus it is clean and they don't act annoyed when you ask for water. The employees seem nice too.
2	Very expensive ice cream, if you are looking for a full scoop this is not the place to go. The parking lot is always full  because there is a bar and gym in the same area. The staff is a bunch of young kids who could really care less about the customer. I used to love coming here since it's been there forever. The self serve yogurt places are going to put the old school places out of business someday.
