4	Still an original Kmart with the lunch counter & ICEE machine. Lots of good stuff, a little more limited than walmart butter a much better experience and they have lay away
3	This place is old school. It's like walking into a time warp when you enter this store. They're pretty clean and organized, but this place is seriously in need of some updating. The two times I've had to wait for my fella to get some paperwork done at the DMV, I wander across the street to kill some time. The store is small, but they do have a lot of stock and they have a good selection of NFL sport items for pretty reasonable prices. Good for gifts this time of year, so I've picked up the random odd and end here on the two times I've wandered in.Service is ok, nothing spectacular. All in all, pleasant shopping experience.
4	Got what a needed in and out fast :) everybody was friendly and helpful ,will be back soon:)
2	We don't come here very much because (#1) checkout is a minimum of 20-25 minutes. As we were waiting to hear on the rewards points (I got an email about having $3 in points to use on Christmas products, expiring yesterday), two customers were complaining about the lonnnnnnnngggggggg wait. So, no, this is not an isolated incident. Anyway, the manager took a very long time to respond to the inquiry. The email didn't specify Christmas products, so the Christmas candy in the Christmas items aisle did not count. The manager (JAMIE) said it would be Christmas wrap, ornaments, etc. She was going back & forth with my husband and was claiming that my husband was "yelling" at her. He was not. Ok, whatever. (I should note that the nice people in the store were our cashier, and the security guard.) (#2) The last few times we've been here, we've been hit up by someone in the parking lot. I noticed this guy speeding, going to every single would-be shopper, asking for money to get his child milk.  Back Story: We used to come here mostly at Black Friday time, but not for a few years, now. Selection in the Electronics department during Black Friday is very sparse (plus it's a madhouse with shoppers). So, it hasn't been worth coming here at that time. Besides that, the store has undergone a transformation, there is no snack bar in the front of the store. But on the other hand, some of the Christmas items are worth buying, because some of their inventory is different than at Wal-Mart or Target. For example, we bought a big Snoopy as Santa standup plush doll. When we were checking out all the Christmas items, we saw numerous employees with the "I really do NOT want to be here right now." It was bad! Time of closing is 11:59 pm. So, they all had a long way to go. And boy, was it written all over their solemn faces. Both hubby and I noticed this recurring theme.   I don't know why the checkout process is so excruciating (can it be the fact that the cash registers are IBM- they look really really old, ancient, even). If it wasn't for the fact, that there were a couple good prices on things we were buying last night, I would've said "Forget it, let's go!" Because the cashier had rung everything up and was waiting on the manager, the transaction had to be voided out. So she had to start anew. I noticed that there were five or six customers in each line. And my feet started to hurt from standing a while, too.  At night, there is an elderly security guard highlighting receipts at the front door.On the rewards program, it's good if it works, and there is no fine print. But there usually is!On the selection of items, might be better off checking it out online. Kmart & Sears are owned by the same corporation. Come to shop but expect a minimum of 20-25 minutes at checkout. (Hubby said he'd rather shop at Wal-mart.)
