5	Probably the best Pakistani food in North America! Place is crappy.. But the food is CRAZY!!
5	The best Indian/ Pakistani restaurant in eastern Canada
3	Not too big of a fan here...environment is pretty crappy but food is as good as it gets. Everyone else in the family is a huge fan of this place so go fig. A good place to try out for fast service and desi food :)
5	Go there for two things: hands down the best butter chicken and chick peas channa in Montreal. Get the 6$ thali with butter chicken that comes with a naan, huge portion of rice and salad for an incredible value.
4	Crappy decor , friendly service with a smile and the smell of 1001 spices!!!! Probably the cheapest and best  indian- pakistan dishes out there !!! The mung dhal and the eggplant dish were Outstanding....  Yes I will come again !
5	Sana is an Indian restaurant that appears to be a hole-in-the-wall, but if you know anything about Indian food you know these types are the best restaurants. While the decor is minimal and cleanliness skeptical, the food is unbeatable, and that is coming from an ethnic Indian person! I have recommended this restaurant to almost everyone I know and have not heard anything but good reviews. The food is absolutely fantastic, I wish they had one downtown!
5	I am from Pakistan and I know what good Pakistani food is and how should it taste. So take my word for it "Sana is the best Pakistani restaurant in Canada". I have been a regular since 2009 and I've sampled everything on the menu from Aloo Keema to Nihari to Seekh Kebabs and Haleem. Everything is delightfully delicious. If you are a first timer, try their "Chicken Ginger" with Nan and Mango Lassi with their Kheer as dessert, you won't regret it. Oh and I forgot the BBQ Fish Tikka that they do, try it with a paratha and you'll know what I'm talking about.
5	This place seems to be a relatively unknown gem. The place is as barebones as it gets, but I love it, simple, unassuming, unpretentious, it's just a place. I've actually experienced nothing but great service there from the waiters who are to the point but polite, welcoming, and attentive.The food is absolutely the best Pakistani I've had in Montreal. fresh, flavorful, nuanced, and cheap. It does not get any better. The naan bread is freshly baked, hot, buttery, fluffy. I've tried probably about half the menu and it's all fantastic. You can go in absolutely ravenous and eat like a king for $15 a person for dinner. The Chicken Achar is a favorite I always come back to (chicken curry with Pakistani style pickles) which is super flavorful and spicy. The biryani dishes are fantastic as well. Mango shakes are great as well. The samosa appetizer is served with chickpea curry and yogurt which is a fantastic way to start your meal. Cannot recommend more.
4	Really enjoyed my lunch here...the thali plate (is that redundant to say?) for $5.99 was an amazing value. I joked with my lunch companion that "sana" in Kiswahili means "very much", and there was indeed very much food on my plate.My vegetarian thali came with chana (chickpea curry), mixed vegetables, a tiny bit of salad, a huge mountain of basmati rice, and an entire naan bread all for me. My mixed veggie curry wasn't all that exciting, but the butter chicken I mooched from my friend was delicious, as were the chickpeas. Also, my lime juice drink was lovely and sour and tasted like real limes, not like limeade.Very friendly and prompt service. I especially appreciated the jug of water that immediately appeared at our table on a very hot, sticky Montreal day.I'll be back!
4	This is my friend Noah's favourite place in all the land and you know what, he's pretty much right. The staff is funny and charming, the room is mellow and unfancy, and the chicken thali is massive and crazy delicious. There probably is no better deal in town for under ten bucks. My friend ordered the vegetarian and this was a bit of a disappointment to be honest, kinda tasteless compared to the bangin delight of the butter chicken. But the naan and lentils were still perfect and pleasing, and we had sour fresh lime juice that made the muggy outside world fade from memory just long enough for us to feel floaty and happy, and very lucky to be lunching at Sana on Jarry. Go!
2	OKAY. I really don't know if the previous reviews were done by close friends and relatives but I can tell you that I am very very disappointed by my experience at Sana restaurant. My first time was awful, second time my friend ordered some takeout. Chicken biryani was clearly reheated 10 times, dry tasteless. Chicken tikka masala, dry and the sauce is like someone poured water in it, for 9.99$!!! I'm usually not that negative but this restaurant is a BIG NO NO for me and anyone around me. You want a better restaurant, honestly? Salateen on jean-talon, yum or any other restaurant on jean-talon.
5	Hidden gem, small tiny place, with no customer service. BUT cheap, AMAZING food and HUGE portions!!!I can't emphasize enough about the price, portion and quality of food. Go, try and then thank me later.
