4	Yea, this is Mall food. So What?! Don't Hate, Hater. It was 97 out and I wanted some good old fashioned, Styrofoam housed food. I chose Sarku Japan, because they gave me a sample of their chicken. It was delicious. I ordered something off menu: beef and chicken. I regret it. I really wanted the shrimp and chicken. I also ordered fried rice, but there was a slight language barrier at the counter and I ended up with white rice. I thought he asked me if I wanted mushrooms, and I said no. I don't know what I said no to...Oh well, there's always another time to figure that out!Add a large drink and I was out of there with 9$ of deliciously simple japanese-like fare!
4	Yes, it's Arizona, and no, I did not have high expectations for finding good Japanese food.  Nonetheless, I didn't think that the best tasting Japanese food I would have would be at a food court in the mall.  I was lured by the chicken teriyaki samples, and decided that they were better than I had expected.  They give good portions, and I was happy to have leftovers to take with me on my plane ride back to the Bay.
4	This little place is great for a quick lunch or dinner. The staff is friendly and will accommodate if you just ask. It is a cheap eat for the chicken teriyaki which is only  $4.89. You can substitute your rice for extra veggies if you do not care for rice,all you  have to do is ask.
3	It is kind of incongruous that inside the beautiful and snooty Snotsdale Fashion Square mall, air conditioned with fancy designer label stores, that you would have this type of food court options ( the same you find in most any mall in a major city.) Like Sarku. Sarku is a Japanese-flavored Shopping Mall Food Court Chain that is a Panda Express Wannabe. Except nobody Japanese works at this one. Only Chinese and Mexicans. Well, could be a Vietnamese and a Salvadorean. Besides the rice bowl teriyaki stuff that Americans, particularly in Phoenix, love, they actually make sushi! Not great sushi, Mall Food Court Sushi. But if you order a #1 sushi plate (maki rolls and salmon sashimi) , the Chinese guy will tell the Mexican guy to go make it, while the Chinese guy takes your money. Before you order the sushi, be sure you get a free taste test sample of the Chicken Teriyaki on a little toothpick. That should take care of that sweet tooth of yours, since teriyaki sauce, especially here, is just soy sauce with a lot of sugar.  Keep your expectations low, like below Safeway sushi level, and you will be alright here.  I don't know about averaging 4 stars like these other Yelp reviewers, but at least you can justify it with the price.
3	MmmmmmCheap mall teppanyakiFor 6 bucks and twice the quality of the panda express of the next door I'm happyGet the chicken though, the beef is a disappointmentAlso fried rice!
5	Good Service and good food!Good price and good lunch !Not thing out!......:-)
1	never again.  ordered the delux bento and wasn't a thing that i liked or finished.  won't be back.
3	I used to eat here quite a lot back when I work at this mall around seven years ago and it was always good. While in the area, I decided to return when I was craving teriyaki, however it appears they've changed things slightly. I used to avoid the chicken as I felt it was too fatty and I'm not a fan of dark meat, so I would usually get steak or shrimp. Still, because they give away free samples of their chicken, I had a bite of it anyway and it's still exactly as I remember it being, tasty, but too fatty. So I went with the beef and shrimp teriyaki on white rice. The veggies are still the same, the shrimp are still the same, but I don't know what that stuff they call beef is anymore. It used to be pretty normal looking thinly sliced steak (similar to what you would get on a cheesesteak), now they pull out three "discs" of some gray substance and break that up. Still, I ate and it didn't taste horrible, in fact it had very little taste at all, I think they may have forgotten to season the protein, or just choose decided not to anymore. I understand trying to save a few bucks for cheaper meat, but seasoning isn't very expensive and should be incorporated into their food costs when pricing the items to accommodate the cost. In short they need to step up their game a little and from was I've experienced, it doesn't seem that difficult of a task for them.
4	One of my favorites when I go to the mall. I take advantage of the Teriyaki Chicken special for $4.89 and add for $.30 more cents the noodles. The food, price and location is great though the service could use some help. More friendly approach then abrupt. Never any smiles and rarely any thank you's. I think once they get this down the business will be 5 star all around from everyone because the food is great!
5	I absolutely love Sarku! I work in the mall and I eat here everytime on break. Most of the time I just order white rice by itself which is probably the cheapest meal in the mall for $1.60. (And they'll put teriyaki sauce on it if you want!). They are very friendly and personable. Sarku's Teriyaki Chicken is one of the best. Not to mention their sushi which is extremely cheap compared to buying it at frys or anywhere else. I give them 5 stars! :)
4	It's mall food-court food so there isn't much to say here, but regardless I am a big fan of Sarku Japan! Every time I'm in Fashion Square this is where I'll grab a bite to eat. Compared to other fast-food style teriyaki places I really enjoy Sarku. They give you a generous portion all for around $6 after tax, the chicken is never over or undercooked, the service is nice and competent, and most important-- the food tastes good! Try the fried rice or noodles instead of the traditional white rice- it makes for a good substitution to any meal!
