5	As part of the #twitternerds profiles for @SinnerMag we did a photoshoot at Shane O'Neal's (@SONproductions) studio on Monday night.Shane is AWESOME! Funny and engaging and very professional, he seems to be able to adapt to the mood and energy around him and his subjects to create a good time while working hard. He can explain what he needs from you to make the best shot, and then, when you aren't doing it right, will help you to learn, stand, and jut out your chin just so.... without making you feel like an ass. Photography is way more detailed than the average person understands, and Shane has a great way of including you and making you feel a part of it, not just a subject on the other side of his lense.It's as much your work as his, or so it felt to me, and whether in the midst of the single-person shoots or the group shots, he is interactive and moving around and looking for new ways to present something to make you both happy. Fun, serious, theme work; he does it all to make sure there is a wide range of options to choose from to cover all your needs.I am looking forward to seeing what came from that fun shoot on Monday, and I hope to be talking to Shane soon about more work!
3	Shane was a very professional photographer and had great ideas.  I was extremely happy with the photo shoot.  He had a Groupon special (my first) so I checked it out.  The only problem is, he send me the file to select my photos (for my husband for our anniversary) and I still have not heard back from him  Left him numerous email and phone messages without a response.  Our Anniversary was August 27 and the date today is September 29th.  I have so many people that would love to go to him after they saw my photos but I am concerned to recommend him to my friends due to lack of completing the deal.  I hope to hear from Shane someday so I can order the photos my husband has been waiting for ;(
1	Last spring (apx. 9 months ago) I was asked for my services for an 8hr. shoot. I spent a complete work day at the studio & provided everything that was asked of me, while keeping a possitive & professional demeanor. This seemed to not be enough for them, since I still haven't been paid for my services!!! I believe I that speaks for itself....A completely unprofessional & unethical business!!!
5	Amazing Photographer, Great Energy, Can't Wait to work with Shane again !!!
5	My husband and I arrived at his studio, and was immediately was greeted by Natasha, the makeup artist, and then I was introduce to Shane.  Shane was very funny, easy to work with, and made me feel comfortable in front of a camera.   He had great ideas for our pictures, and we are not the typical couple, my husband has a red pho-hawk, with piercing, and many tattoos, I have light purple hair, with tattoos, and piercing.  We had a fun day, and will be back for sure.  Natasha was so fun to work with, she gave me an amazing look, that popped on the film,  I can't wait to work with both of them again.  AMAZING!!!!!
5	I've worked with Shane for more than three years arranging photoshoots both on location and in studio for What's On magazine (whats-on.com). I have come to trust Shane to deliver creative, thoughtful, professional pieces working both with large groups (we recently shot the Jabbawockeez at LAX Nightclub in Luxor and have shot the cast of Absinthe at Caesars Palace multiple times in the past) to smaller groups, including celebrities like Taylor Hicks, Steve-O and Tom Green, Coco Austin from "Ice Loves Coco," etc. His team is always great, the studio is equipped for tons of different environments and Shane is willing to go the distance to create a truly memorable shot. The atmosphere Shane creates is fun, lively and productive and the end result is always something we at What's On are proud to place on magazine covers.
