3	poor customer servicethe store needs some ventilationbecause it reeks of mixed flavors and it gives me a headache every time i visittheir flavors are sub par and waterywhich causes leaking only reason i gave it 3 stars is because of the stores location
4	I was on the Eastside having lunch and decided to stop by to see whassup. I'm NOT a smoker but just loved how the vapes smell that my boyfriend hooked me up with a starter kit.  I absolutely love it. I'm vapin' on Cherry Cola (0 nic) right now. I also picked up Cafe Expresso (0 nic) and wasn't feelin' that flavor too much... sorry... Lol.
2	The store is small so when there busy it gets cramped. The customer service is o.k. but they  rush you if there busy because of the size of store. The location is good but the biggest negative is you have to buy there juices,stuff made in house only which in my opinion is on the lower end of the quality spectrum. There cut with alcohol and water and compared to whats readily available out there it's not worth it.
2	when i went in, the vibe of the store felt off. this location was convenient for me so i stopped by before meeting with a friend. the customer service was not that great. they didnt really seem helpful especially since i mentioned that i was new to this. i felt rushed and most of all as if i was an inconvenience for them since a few more started to walk in the door. ill drive the extra distance to the west side store from now on.
5	Just because its 4 in the morning and I have nothing better to do. First of all, this place is great. Great people, great environment, great products, and definitely a great hangout spot. A lot of people say customer service is horrible here, but really? Think about it. Most of the people who comes in here are new to vaping and they have been smoking for the majority of their lives. So switching from lighting up a cigarette to filling your clearomizers is like switching from an old brick Nokia to an Android smartphone. So, of course, it might take a longer time for the crew to get to you since they are doing the best they can to elaborate the steps and procedures to enlighten new comers on vaping. They make their own juices in their back which is nice because a lot of other shops buys from other sellers and if you ask them what's in it, 70% of the time they won't know how to answer you, but these guys know what they are talking about and what they are selling. The shop is a melting pot of interesting characters so its not like talking to an automated voice message at all. I can't really say shit about anyone because everyone is pretty damn good. If you are still skeptical about it, believe me when I say I used to be an avid smoker who never wanted to quit smoking. It's been about 5 months. And I don't crave for a cigarette plus all the bad stuff in it. I've had a cigarette when I was drunk because a friend handed it to me. Took a hit and threw it away because it just tasted horrible. Ran back to my vape. Stop and give them a chance! It will save you a ton of money and probably give you back some health points :)
1	I STRONGLY SUGGEST TO STAY AWAY FROM ALL SIN CITY VAPORS ,I have gotten   mouth sores, bleeding gums , from there e-liquid ,some might say i do not know what im talking about but i have researched and experienced myself ,once i stopped vapping there juice everything cleared up , ( If you use crappy ingredients ,you get crappy results ) CHECK YOUR JUICE ,BEFORE you get real sick ,VAPE ON !!!!
4	I love their e-liquid and have never had a problem here....but it's also because I went in and had some experience with "vaping" under my belt.  If you want someone to give you the tutorial about e-cigs, don't go here.  But the e-liquid is the best in town.
5	I've been to other vaping shops in town & Sin City is way better than the competition. Plus now that there are 3 locations, it's more convenient than having to drive clear across the valley just to get juice. I've been coming here for about 1 yr, as this is their original shop. Their products are good, their e-juice is great (especially the Root Beer & Hannah's Kiss, a Choc/ peppermint) & the people are great as well. They make their own juice, rather than repackaging somebody else's with their own name on it, which means it fresh juice, not sitting a a warehouse for who knows how long. Their prices are very competitive, especially the but 2, get 1 half price deal. And there's no problem with special requests like adding more of 1 flavor in a mix, etc. as the owner won't hire anybody who's not friendly, helpful & knows vaping. The complaints on some of these reviews about customer service seem based on time. It takes a while to get a brand new vaper up to speed on equipment, juice, etc. I know from personal experience that if you just want to run in & grab a couple bottles of juice & the clerk is with a newbie, just ask for a bottle or 2 because you're in a hurry. They'll excuse themselves, get the juice & get you on your way ASAP. Or you can hang out in the lounging area & chill with other vapers. Who knows, you could make a new friend!I can't think of any point that I'd give them less than 5 stars for. The best judge of anything is ourselves so I'd say its worth it to give them a try & decide for yourself.
2	I was really put off by the logo on the front of the store of a silhouetted woman, it screams immature to me. My boyfriend wanted to check this place out though so we proceeded inside. We weren't greeted or acknowledged when we walked in, there were only two other customers in the store. The place reminded me of a head shop and it felt a bit shady, maybe it was the in your face red walls or the faux leather couch that was well used. It seemed very sparse for a store.We were offered water while we waited, but told not to touch anything on the top shelf, those were employee beverages, I thought it was odd and cheap of them to only have one mini fridge. Drinks for customers is a very nice thing to do though.The guy who helped my boyfriend and I wasn't the most knowledgeable, but he knew enough to get by. They didn't have a large selection of products and were out of a few things my boyfriend wanted to pick up. We didn't get any of their juices since they are mixed with alcohol, so I can't review those.While we were here they told us that they had a new store opening in Henderson. I thought that was odd since they couldn't keep this current one stocked or supply their employees with a fridge.I've been to better vape shops and I will not be returning.
1	Good products and location but bad management. The crew lack of knowledge utilizing their time in between customers during fairly busy time. I was a bit disappointed during my first visit.
3	Out of the 3 Locations Sin City Vapor has, this one is closest to me so i might as well check it out. When i first walk in, i wasn't even noticed. Maybe it was just me. I had to walk up to the counter just to be noticed. Perhaps the people working were just busy doing their own thing and didn't notice me walk in. No harm doneI asked about their flavors, being my first time here, i had no knowledge of their products or services. I was handed a menu of their flavors, a few caught my eye, so the lady took me around to the side to test flavors. There were a few not on the menu(i think), and Nightcrawler is one that really satisfies me. At this time i wasn't able to purchase one, just looking for flavors i know ill come back to, and Nightcrawler is one of them. Check it out!Service was a bit slow from my experience, even though there were hardly any customers that day. It seems casual customers have a "priority," and it isn't my first experience with this. I see friends of the workers come in and they just talk which is completely fine, I don't like someone hovering over me as i browse flavors, but i'm sure customers that are new to vaping may have questions.It's nice to talk to friends when they visit, but not to the point you lose focus on your job. My time here was ok, i really like the flavors here, as i'll eventually come back for 1 or 2, but as for relaxing and talking with the staff, i'll go somewhere else.
1	Decided to give this place a 2nd try. Juice sucked as much as the first. Definitely not going back.
5	Sin City vapor.... they're the ones that enabled me! Ooooh, I was like a fish to bait, and  now I'm hooked on vaping. This place is a stone's throw away from my apartment. So I go a lot. It's not my favorite vape shop, but what gives them 5+ stars is their great customer service. They are knowledgeable and ready to help. Unfortunately, they're always busy, every time I walk in there's 3-4 other customers (rare for a vape shop) so I've had to wait, but it was worth it. I just bought a cartomizer there the other day, and the Asian guy showed me how to use it and primed it for me! Wow, talk about customer service. They're also friendly about sampling their liquids. They have stools and don't pressure you into buying but you can hang out and sample as many liquids as you want. Very cool. They've also got great prices on their cartomizers, it's $5 for one and if you buy 4, you get the 5th free.  Unfortunately I'm not a fan of their liquid, which they custom make for you at your specific nic level. Some flavors are great, such as Peaches or Pears, but I've noticed their liquids have a bite and they're not vapable all day. Their Clove flavor at a high nic level was the worst. It tore up my throat and mouth. But other flavors, such as Smooth Cowboy, I've been able to vape all day with no problems. All in all, Sin City has a special place in my heart as my first vape shop. The only thing I wish they did was carry other people's liquids. There's so many good e-liquids creators out there, it's hard to limit oneself to one.
4	I have never had a bad experience here. Staff is usually friendly and knowledgeable and never pressure you to buy. You can sample all their flavors, they are made in house and can be customized any way you like them. I only wish they had a few more variations on devices to buy.
1	Friendly service at this location but this is the second time the juice has been like water and that from two different location and it doesn't vap right at all its like they made it thinner so you go threw it faster or there using cheaper juice they have now lost my business for good
5	I have never been in the store, however I order the e-liquid online.  It's always shipped the same day, or the next day, depending on the hour which I order.  I have always had great liquids, and extremely fast shipping.  Regarding the comments on the liquid being watery, I do not agree with this.  I have ordered 3 times now, and my liquid has always been up to standard and not watery.  I order 3 flavors at a time, and have never been disappointed.  I will continue to order from them, as the liquids are awesome, and the prices are better than most places.  Thank you, Sin City Vapor!!!
5	This is my go to place! When I need anything vape related this is where I go. They have a very knowledgeable staff and a very wide selection of supplies. Everything from mechanical mods, rba's, rda's, electronic mods, tanks, kits, and lets not forget the fresh made to order e-juice. If you don't know what any of this is, but are interested in vaping this is the place to go to have ALL your questions answered.
5	So me and my boyfriend decide to stop by Sin City, it's super calm and they really talk to you and are lay back. Love this place
