5	If you're looking for a friendly and professional eye doctor, this is the place to go. He always greets you with a smile and explains everything thoroughly and in a way you can understand.Cheapest place in town to get an eye exam. (Excluding Costco and Sam's cause you need a membership card to get in.) Definitely recommend this place if you have no insurance! (And they take a lot of other insurances too!!)
5	I have to agree with the above reviewer. Dr. Thompson is great to work with - he is friendly, knowledgeable and caring. He does a wonderful job explaining your vision issues. highly recommend him for an optometrist.
5	What a great place and reasonably priced!  Dr. Thompson is a great Optometrist and incredibly knowledgeable and professional.  He answered every possible question that I could have before I even asked.  If you don't have vision insurance, this is an amazing place to go to get the eye care that you need with amazing customer service to boot...  I will definitely be coming back here on a regular basis for my contact lenses and eye glasses.
5	Not only is this doctor incredibly nice and helpful, he is fantastic. I can see the trees on the top of the mountains in Vegas after I get my new prescriptions. Excellent!
5	Just got done with the eye exam.  The service was fast, and convenient.   I walked right in & sat down.  Even though they're helping with a customer who was already there. They didn't ignore my presence.  They ask me if this was my first time there. I said, "yes."  And I sign some papers.   As soon as I got done with the papers.   The doctor called my name quick.  I went through the eye check up procedures and got done in less time.   The price is reasonable if you don't have insurance than any other eye exams.
5	I went in to see Dr. Thompson along with my four kids and surprisingly I had a very pleasant experience. Maria the lady at the front desk was very nice and Dr. Thompson was very quick and efficient and very nice in explaining what problems we have. This is my second visit and I will continue to come back. I definitely recommend him to a mom who needs to come in with her kids.
