4	Nothing super special about this place.  Good coffee and decent sandwiches (especially after a long night of drinking. It's gets 4 stars for two reasons:1. Free WiFI2. Open 24/7.
4	I came here several times while visiting Montreal because it was so close to where I was staying at the McGil residence halls. The abundant seating and free WiFi made it a great place to sit and journal or write emails. Great mochas and scrumptious pastries/baked goods!
4	I'm not a huge fan of second cup. But there's something about this building that I enjoy. My four-star rating is completely based on the feel of the room.
4	Right around the corner from my building, this is an ideal location for students in the "student ghetto" as it is affectionately called. It is open all day and all night and is a great place to study for that exam tomorrow morning or write a paper due in a few hours. You will always see students in there with coffee, a laptop and a book. The inner ambiance is comfortable, with ideal spaces for relaxing or working.
4	Plenty of room, very good WiFi coverage even outside, and friendly staff. Definitely a good place for a very late night coffee or your morning cup.
4	love second cup. always getting a cup when I am in Canada.The location is large and has a indoor and outdoor seating.Long opening hours. Lot of student customers since it is close to the University.
4	I discovered this place in 2007 when I was in my second year undergraduate at McGill. Specialty coffees are overpriced, no doubt, but you're paying for the atmosphere and the wi-fi and the nice smoking/terrasse area in the summertime. It was a good place to study for mid-terms and finals when the library got too boring. Staff is always friendly.
4	Opens 24 hoursFree Wifi with tons of outletPlenty of seatingEven a covered patio with outlet...Laptop heaven!I ended up having an afternoon nap here while my friend using Yelp App to find out where we would be having dinner!
3	One of the larger Second Cup around.  Always tons of fresh goods.Can get busy on Sundays where students come to study.
4	Even though it is a chain, i like it a lot especially for the below items: - White Moka- Big Terrasse- Free Wifi
4	Best place to chill out, to have an ice tea, listen to music and have a comfortable spot. There is always a bunch of people at this prime location. Everyone is friendly, English, French, every different nationality, such a mix of diversity. Love this place
4	You may think this is just another Second Cup. And it is. On the inside... But on the outside lies a sprawling, semi-shaded patio PERFECT for summer reading or meeting up with friends. Additionally, I'm impressed with the iced tea here which was a nice surprise.Free wi-fi. Clean washrooms. surrounded by other fun stuff. Full of the McGill crowd but not overwhelmingly so.I'm taking off a star because, let's face it, Second Cup coffee is nothing to write home about, but as far as chain coffee shop treats, I think they have the best cakes and cookies and whatnot.
4	Downtown location is marvelous. Sitting outside near the park area and enjoying a great cup of coffee is memorable. The Danish and crossaints weren't that fresh but the coffee was good and strong. Most importantly is the great location albeit very busy...it's an experience.
3	This was an interesting venue.  It had a fireplace and was cozy.  The outside needed some upkeeping.  It would be nice with some updates outside.  The inside was cozy.  It is a great place to meet someone for the first time.  It was quite a romantic and intimate setting with the fireplace and the warm hot beverages.  As Montreal speaks predominately French, the best way I can describe this place is, "Que ferais-je sans toi?"
