5	J and I stopped at Az Mills on Black Friday to do some shopping.  Me being prego and having my baby bump already showing, my jeans were starting to be on the verge of uncomfortable.  I joked with J that if I didn't do something soon, our baby would come out with an indentation in its little forehead!  I see Motherhood Maternity has a sale going on, so we head on in.  A few minutes after entering the store, the urge to pee hits me.  I am about ready to drop everything and run to the nearest bathroom.  So I ask the two ladies working there were the closest one is.  The proceed to tell me the location, but then say that I am free to use their bathroom.  Thank goodness!  After the RR break, I head back to the racks.  Now me being a plus size gal, I had a feeling plus size maternity clothes would be hard to find.  Not here!  Found a great pair of 1x jeans!  Got another pair 50% off!  The jeans were so comfortable I decided to wear them out of the store!  Oh sweet relief!Clothes Selection = 5 starsSales Staff = 5 starsWill I be back to Motherhood Maternity?  I think so!!
4	Great selection of nursing bras. Wireless, wire-full, sport, and in all different colors. Wonderful service- I was given a fitting room right away and one of the associates spent time helping me find sizes I needed.  Check out was quick and easy, even with signing up for their frequent buyers program. Motherhood also has a great deal with Parents magazine- 2.99 for a year subscription. I'm a sucker for magazines what can I say. Their clothes looked cute but I was with my 10 month old and in a rush (and also I'm not pregnant lol).  I wish I'd had more time to browse and that I'd discovered this store BEFORE having my bb.
5	I wish I got the woman's name who helped me yesterday! She was so super kind and helpful. I was able to find some super comfy maternity jeans that will hopefully last the rest of my pregnancy (20 more weeks) and lots of great bras! The woman also hooked me up with a free baby package with some coupons and samples. It was such a nice experience and she really made it great. The clothes are really nice quality and totally worth the extra bucks!
