5	These guys are wonderful.  Seriously.  It's a Mom and Pop kind of place.  Since I was in teens these guys have been giving me advice on guitars and amps.  They're friendly extremely knowledgeable and patient.  Great Selection of Vintage and New guitars, bass guitars, and amps.  plus the tech their works wonders.  He's patient and friendly.  they're helped me with a lot of technical problems through the years.Thanks!!
5	Really great little shop. Good selection of used guitars and enough new so you can get a feel for what you want. What is obvious is these guys love music, love guitars and want to share that passion. There is no "guitar shop snobbery" here. If you want a $250 guitar, they are just as likely to put a $175 instrument in your hand as a $300; they honestly try & help you find the guitar for you.
5	Bottom line: these guys are nice, friendly, and know their stuff.I have been playing guitar for quite a few years, and have a few (Martin, a couple Fenders, etc.) and have gotten to the point where I now have kids who are interested in playing. My daughter (11) had saved up around $100 from a combination of birthdays, Christmas and busking (fiddle), and wanted to buy a mandolin. We made several browsing trips to Pittsburgh Guitars before stopping by one day when there were two mandolins that she really liked. (though there were a few more that were out of the price range!) Besides our other trips from before, on that trip, the two guys working spent about an hour and a half with us, showing her how to tune, playing it for her so she could hear it, answering all her questions, and just being generally nice and conversational.  Even though we weren't spending that much, they took a lot of time to help us out and were super considerate and friendly. All their instruments, even the more "budget" ones, were set up by an instrument tech, and had new strings on them. They were so excited about her interest in music and very complimentary about a kid wanting to play mandolin in general, it just made the whole event really special for her.
