4	The food is good, and an improvement over the usual "fast Mexican" restaurants we have in Charlotte, though not quite up to Baja Fresh standards. Clean restaurant, friendly staff.
5	I am a fan! So I stopped by Mexquite the other day to try something new and what a treat! Me and my wife ordered the torta, a burrito, and a quesadilla (I know its alot) and they were all AMAZING.. The best part is we were able to crush a few beers with the meal and all of it was so cheap! Charlotte needs more places like this!! What a find!
5	I ordered a Milanesa Torta and loved the full flavors Mexquite had to offer. I took it to go and ate it hours later and it was still warm and delicious! I definitely recommend everyone to try Mexquite Mexican Eatery at least once if you want to have an amazing authentic Mexican meal. :O)
3	This is our standby Mexican place - partially because it is close by but also because their salads and burrito's are top notch. Atmosphere is very bright here - it's the typical fast casual set up, but there is seating outside and both booths and tables. Service is very quick, assembly line style that quickly puts together your order.While their "specialty" is torta's, Mexican-style sandwiches, we usually get their salads or burrito's. Why?1. Excellent quality fillings - from the steak to the grilled veggies, everything here is cooked well and tastes great. Toppings are fresh and a cut above what you find at Salsarita's or Baja Fresh.2. Whole wheat option - the tortlla's and salad bowls are available in whole wheat.3. Affordable - they have both a frequent buyer card AND constant coupons in all the local papers.4. Kid friendly - kids eat free nights, giant quesadilla's and free refills for the kids. Need I say more?5. Locally owned - this is not a chain, so every dollar you spend stays in our community. Worth going just for this alone!Overall we are fans!
4	I cheated on my Moe's addiction and checked this place out today - YUM! I tried the veggie burrito and was impressed with the myriad of choices I had: cilantro or tomato rice? Tomato, please! Wheat or flour tortilla? Wheat, please! What kind of salsa? The spiciest! The veggies were delicioso! Grilled squash, zucchini, eggplant, onions and peppers, they kicked every other burrito place's veggies to shame! The tomato rice was a fun, flavorful change from the norm and the staff was really friendly though a bit tough to understand (just go with the old point and nod, you'll be fine when ordering!).Pricing was very good ($5.69 for my burrito w/ chips and salsa!) and the eatery was clean and well stocked. Definitely will try again - those tortas intrigue me! :D
5	They get 5 stars as since we discovered Mexquite we have been at least 6 times. Great service and the food is tops in the fast casual category. Kids love the quesadillas with chips on the side. The best thing is the choice of meats, if you can imagine it they probably have it.  Queso is a nice touch and guacamole is done right. Service is great and they go out of their way to make things as you like.
4	This place blows Moe's and Salsaritas away.  Much better selection on meats, they use good cheese that actually melts inside your burrito (unlike the fake gubment cheez you get at the OTHER burrito places) and great fillers for your burritos.  They make everything from scratch and you can tell with the quality of their salsa.  Price is comparable to Moe's and Salsaritas as well.  I recommend the shredded pork for your burrito.  My wife got a chorizo quesedilla and really liked it!  Best part, it's locally owned and not a national chain.
5	Excellent food
3	This little eatery near the intersection of 521 & Ardrey Kell is a good place for a "fast casual" Mexican food fix.   I normally get a burrito when I go to places like this, but on this visit I decided to try a salad instead.  You have a choice of regular flour or whole wheat shell, then of course, your choice of meat, beans, and other toppings.  They also serve chips and salsa with each order. I tried the hot salsa and found that it had a nice bite.  I like the fact that this is a local family-owned place rather than a chain.
5	Excellent authentic Mexican food. Not Tex Mex! Superbly flavored meats, veggies, and salsas! Great Mexican sandwiches (Tortas). The chicken tortilla soup is fabulous! This place is way better than Moe's or Salsaritas!!! Locally owned and operated. They also have a kids eat free night!
5	This is the place to go for fresh mexican fast food. Beats all the chains.
3	I had heard many good things about the quality and overall experience @mexquite Being a native Californian I can be a bit particular regarding Mexican/American Taco Burrito Joints. I come from a Mexican American family I married a Mexican American woman and we have Mexican American Children. We know our Burritos, Tacos , Rellanos, Enchiladas etc.... We are resided to the fact that if we want authentic Mexican food We must travel home to Southern California and Baja  California. This being said we find Mexquite to be superior to Quedoba , Chipotle and any other QSR Burrito, Taco joint we have experienced in South Charlotte. I give it three stars for it's salsa hot sauce selection. The hot was good but could probably stand to go hotter. Our experience was nice carnitas were tasty the quesadillas were average what I call "white guy Mexican" (b4) you call me racist!). I am a White Mexican!! The Nachos!! ( which no body should order anywhere) my son ordered and you guessed it :-P Probably will not go back often but nice to know it's there.
5	For Mexican fast food it doesn't get better than this. Tasty, fresh, made in front of you food. Friendly staff  Well priced too.
4	I have been there several times and the food has always been great. I love their queso!
4	Love the chorizo quesadillas! Fresh, quick, reasonably-priced, close-by. Love that it's a local business and family-owned. Staff/owners are really nice. Kid-friendly to boot!
4	awesome food, great price. Fresh, made to order right in front of you with several choices.  Had the Taco Salad - asked for it to be made without the shell - added fresh avocado instead of the guac. - love it!    Glad its also close to waxhaw - need more things down that way.
1	I've been here twice (because after my first time I didn't want to go back but decided to give it another try). Both times they were slow behind the counter (trying to be like a Chipotle) and the food was just not enjoyable at all. Would rather go to Chipotle or Qdoba.
5	8/16: MEXQUITE HAS CLOSED. Submitted request for Yelp to update the restaurant. Went there for lunch today, and they've moved out. Sign and website are still up, but a paper sign in the window states an Italian restaurant is opening there soon. :-(---I've been eating here for a good long while now, so figured it was time to update my review.The most important thing you need to know about Mexquite? Two words: CHIPOTLE SALSA! It's the tastiest salsa I've found so far in Charlotte. When I go in, I not only get a side of it, sometimes I'll ask for a large takeout container of it to enjoy at home with our regular tortilla chips. Their chipotle salsa is the best.My favorite menu item these days is the burrito in a bowl. It's perfectly executed with rice, beans, plenty of lettuce and your choice of meat. It far surpasses the burrito bowl choices at other Mexican restaurants in the area.Pleased to see Mexquite doing well. If you haven't tried it yet and you're in the area, you should!
4	Mexquite is my local go-to spot for a healthy dinner on the go. Whether you are taking your dinner on the run or sliding into their comfy booths and tables, you are taken through the assembly line promptly and served well. The staff is always friendly and and welcoming, too and I have noticed many of the employees have been them for quite some time.Eating there, I've never left feeling heavy from being full. The options for your entrees are always fresh and spiced perfectly.  My favorite entree to nosh on is the chicken burrito with a whole wheat wrap and I really have not wavered much from there. Every entree includes chips and salsa and while I have had better salsa at other places, I suggest the medium because it has the perfect balance for those that don't like super spicy salsa and it's fresh! The one thing I have noticed since I began frequently Mexquite is that their sustainable products have given way to Styrofoam. I'm sure it is a causality of the economy and the cost of doing business but I loved know that my to-go orders were bio-degradable.
4	This locally owned fast casual Mexican joint features quality food and reasonable prices. My personal favorite is the chorizo and eggs torta, but you really can't go wrong with any of the Mexican sandwiches.
