1	I Asked for a Mount and Balance from them and had a good laugh.  I buy my tires from the Tire Rack(online) and Goodyear quoted me $154 dollars just to put the tires on!I'd Highly recommend Kirby & Kale in the Elizabeth Area. They did the same service for $40.
3	I'm certainly no expert on tire prices, but I've had positive experiences with this Goodyear. I've bought new tires from them and have an oil change done there routinely. I usually only pay $15 for the oil change because they send me coupons for $10 off, etc.The Uptown location is good for commuters because you can drop your car off at 9 and pick it up at 5. The staff is friendly and helpful.
1	Not againA few simple items turned into a large bill. I thought the charges were excessive and questionable services  that they stated I needed. I unfortunatey did not have time for my routine mechanic, thought this would be convienent with work location. shopper bewareNot again for me.
3	I am surprised that this location has a 1 star rating. The few reviews it has seem to be outdated by a few years, so they must have improved since 2007 because I've never had a problem. I have taken my car here several times, mostly because it's convenient to both home and work. Walking distance is important if you car doesn't work. I have always been charged the price I was quoted, given the service I expected with no extras thrown in unexpectedly, and I don't think I've ever waited more than 2 hours for my car, even when their parking lot is full. I'm no car expert but I generally get my dad's advice on any repairs I get, and he agrees with me on both service and cost. This is the place he keeps telling me to come back to, anyway.Are they the best auto shop I've ever been to? No. But I'd say fair, average service isn't half bad, especially with it's convenient location. It certainly deserves more than 1 star.
1	We took our car in for its yearly inspection. To our surprise, the car 'failed'. They quoted us $200 in repair work for a light - which seemed to be working just fine. We took the car down the street for a second opinion where the car passed with no issues.  There's something suspicious about this place. I'm just sayin'...
3	I've used this Goodyear several times over the years because the location is very convenient if you work uptown, just park and walk.  I've only used them for oil changes, tire rotations and inspections, nothing major and for those services I have no complaints.  They always do a good job and give me the service that I request by the time I request it.....can't ask for much more than that.
1	DO NOT take your car here unless you want something messed up!!! Took my car in for an oil change and was told my brake fluids would need changing for an extra 75 bucks.  Saw the oil light on my car go off in a few weeks but took off getting it looked at for another few weeks.  Found a nice surpise later that the cap wasnt screwed on right from the last oil change and car had engine damage.  These guys are the WORST shop in Charlotte.
1	They scratched my car. A big one and my bad that I didn't notice it while picking up the car. What more I have to say?
1	Took my car in to get a quote on the brakes, my car is a 2011 with only 41,300 miles on it.  They wanted to replace all the pads and all the rotors, saying that the rotors were rusted and quoted me $660 for all four.  Took the car to the dealership who said only the rear brake pads needed to be replaced, I have at least a year left on the front pads.  They also said they could easily machine the rotors to remove the rust.Typical auto repair shop trying to steal money especially from young women.  DO NOT go to this shop.
