3	When in Phoenix on business I stay at this location, it's near many businesses (I guess downtown). Also I get a great rate from this particular location. The light rail is close by so if you need to travel long the rail route it's convenient. The staff is friendly and the place is clean but just like any other Fairfield Inn so nothing special. The fitness room is light but open 24hrs. They serve a continental breakfast with Jimmy Dean breakfast sandwiches, not the healthiest. My rooms have been clean and comfortable. They do have the air running on arrival so the room is cool. They do have to do something about the bums nearby; I guess as long as they don't walk onto the property there might not be anything they can do.
3	Good facilities and right next to the light rail for any trips to Downtown.  The staff were very helpful and always available for any needs.  The breakfast is so-so, please do the world a favor and toss the brown bananas out.  POG would be a nice addition to the drink machine.Room was always clean and I didn't worry about mystery's on the linens or carpet.
2	Middle of the road. Large rooms. Good location for museums. So so breakfast. Uncomfortable tub. Liles the cotton sheets. So so pillows. Nice but inexperienced front desk. Problems with Mac laptop connecting in room this year and last year.
4	I was in town to celebrate my birthday and found this place via Kayak/Travelocity. Less than $100/night and the room had a king bed and was huge enough to dance in. Not that I did but it was certainly larger than most hotel rooms I've been in.The staff were all INCREDIBLE. They were all knowledgeable, helpful, efficient, and friendly.The complimentary breakfast spread was unlike any I've seen elsewhere: oatmeal, cold cereal, premade breakfast sandwiches, yogurt, a waffle maker, assorted breads, hard boiled eggs, juice, coffee...outstanding.Next time I decide to hop over to Phoenix this is where I'm going to stay.
4	Friendly front desk staff! Large clean and comfortable rooms! Less then $100 for a family of four. Many outlets for electronics which is great when you have two teenagers. Would stay again!
3	Honestly, the room I stayed in for one night while in town for business was great!  The staff was friendly the room was bright and clean (aside from the tub which looked like it was peeling and in need of repair), plus they have a nice breakfast spread. :). Originally I was going to give this place four stars (would have been five except I don't know how much their rates are as I was not in charge of booking).  However, based on being an out of town guest reliant on the shuttle, they only get three stars.  The first shuttle was from the airport to the hotel and the driver (a young lady) was great.  Very friendly, on time, very nice.  The second was the same and she had mapped the different route for everyone to save time, very efficient.  The third was very bad.  The driver passed me twice (after the first pass by, my phone died so I waited, the second happened and I gave up, having to go to a nearby restaurant to call someone for a ride.  A huge hassle.  They apologized, but hey, accidents happen.  At this point I was still going to give them that extra 4th star, however, this mornings shuttle was even worse.  I went downstairs and scheduled a 12 noon shuttle at the front desk, gave them the address and required information.  Showed up downstairs at 1158 and saw the driver loading up one person and looking like he was getting ready to leave.  I had to rush through checkout and run to catchup to the shuttle.  He acted mad that I was on it and like he had no knowledge of me.  Then he received notice that he had actually left another guest behind and was going to turn around, I was on a deadline and needed to be at 11 w address.  He passed the turn and when I brought it to his attention he told me he hadn't even passed 8th street and sounded very irritated.  I was adamant that it was in the opposite direction, not being a shuttle driver yet still knowing that 8th street =the 800 block, yet he still took me to the 1100 block area in his turn around phase.  Overall I was only a little late, but I am severely disappointed in the shuttles shaky reliance, especially since the hotel seems to be geared towards out of town business personnel who would be highly reliant on a shuttle service.Rooms were great, breakfast was nice, hotel staff friendly and accommodating.Shuttle service was a huge hassle and disappointment.
4	Great customer service, free hot breakfast, and clean and big rooms!Free shuttle within 3 miles and $10 pickup from airport.I am very pleased with this stay!
2	I can't rate the rooms or the complimentary breakfast or anything, because I didn't actually stay there.  I am only rating the service and competence of their reservations system, because I dealt with them when trying to make a reservation for one of our clients.My company typically likes to use this hotel for reservations bc it is close to us and convenient for our clients to stay at.  However, this past time, the reservations were a mess.  First, they told us at check in that we had never put down a form of payment and filled out a permission form to use our company credit card -- we HAD and our assistant had specifically spoken with someone about this. But anyway, I decided to just put down my credit card and have my company reimburse me.  So I gave them my info, but for some reason later they asked our client for HIS credit card info and ended up charging his card instead of mine! wth?!  Makes NO SENSE.So the next week our assistant had to call them and sort the whole mess out and get the credit put back on our client's card.  Just a totally needless hassle and so unprofessional to mess it up not once but twice.
5	I came into town to attend a convention where many of the attendees were staying at the Sheraton, Hyatt, Renaissance etc. I hesitated to stay here because of a poor experience I had at a Fairfield Inn in SoCal. i have to say that I am enjoying my stay here! clean and comfortable rooms, good complimentary breakfast and complimentary shuttle around downtown. But what makes this place is the excellent service from ALL of the staff!!  I will definitely be staying here anytime I come to Phoenix!
5	I came to Phoenix for training for work. Of most all of the hotels I have stayed in in this area, this hotel exceeded my expectations.It is one of the few with free parking, free breakfast, AND a pool and hot tub,  both of which were clean and nice. The rooms were very clean, beds were comfortable, and it is so close to many attractions. Staff is very friendly and accommodating- they keep a basket of menus for ordering delivery food at the front desk! I will be staying here again!
5	Staff was very nice and called our room within ten minutes of checking into the room to ask if everything was okay or if we needed anything. Our room was on the first floor with vaulted ceilings, very nice.
