4	Bar Smith, a sleek and urban find in downtown Phoenix is fabulana. Reminds me of many a haunts you'd find me (drooling and slouched over the bar) in Manhattan. First time there we sat at the bar with a friendly, yet overly informational, bartender. He basically revealed who on the staff had been fired and why (oh my, drug use you say...unheard of in the restaurant business!), how the owners don't pay well...blah blah blah. He was however helpful and knowledgeable with the menu. John had a burger that was meaty and juicy (like his first girlfriend in middle school back in Jersey he says), Monika had a chicken sandwich while I was daring and had a fish (I believe cat) sandwich. Mine was great, I would skip the cheese next time as it takes over the mildness of said fish. We enjoyed an app of sausage fondue....scarey good. So good you don't care if your friend says there's a string of cheese dangling from your lip to nipple, you just want to keep on eating. Second time we all went, I ordered a pulled pork sandwich and that was very flavorful and tender. A/C wasn't always up to speed and I found myself dabbling my brow quite a bit. How positively unseemly!! But seriously, a great, great place...ya'll should head down there tonight!
4	Bar Smith is what you'd get if you crossed the Merc Bar with a house party. The downstairs portion of the bar is swanky and low-lit, with a DJ tucked away in the corner. The crowd is young and has been infiltrated by the college types, streaming in from the new ASU dormitories about a mile away. It is a place where you'd feel encouraged to wear a collared shirt and your expensive jeans, but it is still Phoenix, so no pressure. The upstairs portion of it is really wonderful... it's open air, so in the cooler months, I imagine it will be wildly popular. Many couches and ottomans are strewn about, perfect for gathering. I'm pretty sure you're going to hate me for even mentioning this part during the most disgusting months of the year, but there's a fireplace up there, too (some time this year, your ire for this fireplace will morph into an uncontrollable urge for "cozy"... just wait). I really like Bar Smith, and I think it's a great addition to the downtown scene; just watch your drinks.
5	Saturday NightsLong time Phoenix house music scene innovators Pete 'Supermix' Salaz and Sean 'Senbad' Badger do a bad-ass Saturday night house music event called Solstice, upstairs on the roof area. It doesn't really get kicking until 10:30. If any of you have been around, you'll have heard of the infamous, long running Red Monkey and Chupa parties. These are the guys who made this stuff happen back in the day. I've never been there any other time. What I'm saying is that if you are into house music, don't even bother going to Scottsdale. Now, Scottsdale is many things, and I like Scottsdale, but let's face it. House Music has soul. Downtown Phoenix has soul. Scottsdale? Not the most soulful place I can think of. If you're looking for the house music underground in AZ, you just found it. The crowd is pretty diverse for a club type event -  a mix of straight, gay, white, black, latino 20's and 30's, all smiling dancing together under the open sky on the roof. That may sound corny to the uninitiated, but if you're into house music... you know that's the real vibe. I can say though that the food served downstairs is great, think upscale type bar food.Logistics:Parking  is problematic, because there's some douchebag club next door. It's downtown Phoenix and there are homeless people etc around. There's also a lot of foot traffic, so it's pretty safe. Still, if you don't want to drive around looking for somewhere to park, then don't - park across the street for $10. Your best way to get there is from Washington and 7th St since Washington is 1 way. Bar Smith will be on the right, parking on the Left. Don't forget your dancing shoes! You could be a wallflower, but why?
5	Every third Thursday of the month (or so), this fabulous group meets and drinks and vents about their work load and the many ignoramuses (or is it ignoramii) they work with, while handing you their business card with a "call me." No it's not a dating service, it's Az Media Buzz, spearheaded by none other than network spearheading extraordinaire, Joel.Anyway, the last time Az Media Buzz had a get-together, it was held at Bar Smith, tucked away in the middle of downtown, somewhere on Washington. The management extended their happy hour prices to the Az Media Buzz folks up to 8 p.m. (instead of the usual 7 p.m.) AND (the important part), they provided free appetizers, three chafing dishes full...and the group didn;t even ask for it! Now that was extra-special.I personally didn't order any food because...well, I wasn't hungry. I was more "thirsty" if you get my drift. So for me to review them for their food would not be appropriate.Instead, please allow me to review their service. I was lucky enough to meet the manager, this cute and compact Latino man wearing what looked to be a fauxhawk. I approached him,held out my hand, and gave him my sincerest thanks for hosting the group and providing free appetizers (what media person doesn't appreciate that?) to the group. His response to me was: "O my goodness, I've been meaning to go over to your table and say HI but you were kinda intimidating."Bwahahaha! To that I say: "Honey, I ain't intimidating...I'm only 5 feet tall! I don't bite. I may be loud as heck, but I am as friendly as any politician running for president right now!"How sweet of him to even confess that? He gave me his card and gave me a quick tour of the place, and explained where the artwork on the walls are from. He informed me that they serve lunch and that I should give it a try, and for his friendliness, I will! Kudos to that lovely manager for his one-on-one with customers.Now, about my waiter/bartender--DALE. Red-head, already a plus in my book. The guy conversed with me a little bit (in-between serving the Buzz people) about Sol y Sombra chef's new restaurant OverEasy (which apparently was visited by some Yelpers and I wasn't invited...whatever!!!). He was definitely a friendly guy who mixed up some refreshing vodka collins for little ol' me the right way. He encouraged me to visit the rooftop bar, and I did. (That spot is perfect for a small to medium sized party on a balmy spring evening, I must say.) Dale was an absolute doll!I see a lot of potential for this place...the employees are good people it seems. I have to stop by for lunch, though, so I can review them for their food. Bur for now, I am reviewing their service and the people and for that I give them 5 stars!And I feel awful for Abbey having a bad experience, but I think that they just switched management, and things seem to be for the better. Ask for Mr. Madrigal next time...he's super-duper nice.
2	I kind of feel like a dick giving this place such an "low" rating because out of the two times i've been here, one of them was an absolute blast and the other time i wish i was dead.  So, a fair rating would be more like a 2.5The Good:  They have the coolest spot on the Washington drag, complete with rooftop patio that is completely urban and when CityScape comes to fruition will be the ultimate place to view it.  The Bad:  However, the owners have completely missed what their target rooftop market should be, and "dumbed" this place down with awful DJs and a projection screen ... not to mention an completely forced "VIP room", which seems more like a holding cell than somewhere to put the local celeb dorks that frequent this place.  The Good:  The decor and design.  The interior is very classyThe Bad:  Their current clientle has completely missed the point.  Tuck in your fucking shirt, or don't, but do it with some fucking style.  You look like shit and you're making this fine bar with some massive potential look like a dive.  The Good:  They have a DJThe Bad:  He plays bad Hip Hop/Rap.  I don't mean that i hate Hip Hop.  The exact opposite, actually.  He just plays all the horrible shit.  Would it kill you to update your selection from "irrelevant" to "marginal"?  How about going beyond that to some indie hip hop like Spank Rock, Handsome Boy Modeling School, M.I.A., or Ohmega Watts?  How about something everyone knows dispersed in there, like Common, Jurassic 5, Lupe, Nas, or OutKast?  The music upstairs is straight up boring.  The Good:  You can have a fantastic time here with all of your friendsThe Bad:  You need ALL OF THEM there to make this possible
5	I went to Bar Smith in February with a cousin and a few friends while I visited AZ.  I'm From Los Angeles and was very impressed with the music at Bar Smith.First time I came here was on a Saturday night. The DJ's were spinning heat ALL night [3 were on deck taking turns], from old school/classic hip hop , from pharcyde to pete rock cuts and everything in between AND ASIDE!...even to that good ol jiggy but not too much, it was all good. I even had to take a moment to shake one of the dj's hand and give him praise for a fresh set he pulled off.  I don't think there was a time I stopped dancing other then when I went upstairs for a moment [nice up top on the deck and really crowded but I preferred the vibe/music downstairs] I didn't do any severe drinking but that was okay since I was so pumped to dance, which means it had to really be cracking. We all had an amazing time. Next time I go out to AZ I'll definitely be hitting Bar Smith again and who knows, maybe I'll see that grade A breed I saw the first time but without a girlfriend  ;)
5	5 stars for the rooftop patio, 4 stars for downstairs.For one night I was given an honorary hipster status at Bar Smith.   We met a local DJ Joe Dipavora and his lady friend and chatted with them for a while,  Joe was treated like royalty and everyone kept coming over and talking to him.  So I think I met like 20 other DJ's from here in the phoenix area.The roof top at about 40' x 60' is small, so you're gonna be standing shoulder to shoulder all night.  But that is a good thing because you'll be with tons of other hipsters all feeling the groovy house music.The two bartenders on the rooftop deck were able to take care of everyone so no service problems.Downstairs the music was more danceable and hip-hoppy, and you could even join in one of the break-dance circles and show off your moves.See I have no moves so I just bounced around to the cool music upstairs all night.This place is awesome, such a cool vibe, cool music, and cool rooftop location.
4	Bar Smith has become quite a happening hot-spot in Downtown Phoenix. Several months ago, it was typically vacant and yet it oozed potential. Upstairs is where you want to be, but even then - it wasn't drawing much of a crowd. Now, it seems to be living up to its potential. I went here again tonight for Solstice (hosted by Tondra D.) which is held every Saturday and involves DJs, dancing, artists, and alcohol. Downstairs is a 3 star affair and upstairs is a 5. Solstice really sells the place though... perhaps too well as it's very crowded by the time midnight rolls around. It's a bit of an eclectic scene, so I'm not sure what they're going for. I think it's because downstairs draws a different crowd and they feel compelled to wander upstairs to check it out. Drink prices are a little high if you ask me, and the bathrooms aren't nice enough (or large enough) to warrant an attendant, yet there he is - handing me a towel and offering me gum and cologne and expecting a tip. Dude - you got to watch me piss... there you go... you're welcome.My least favorite part about this bar though is trying to park downtown. I do think it's a cool place. I definitely like it better when it's not as busy, but Solstice on Saturdays is a great event if you like dancing elbow to elbow to great music on the rooftop patio under the stars.
1	Bar Smith has great sandwiches for lunch, and a nice rooftop bar open most evenings. Be warned, the place smells like a raw sewer burst open. Hang out for about 15 minutes, and your nose will get used to it and stop noticing. There really isn't anything special about the place, but everything is good. I always have had my eyes on the enormous bottles of grey goose above the bar.UPDATE - 6-20-08:Went in last friday to meet up with a friend. He had been there since 4:30 in the afternoon, and now it was 10pm so as you can imagine he was too drunk to really know his surroundings. I walked up and they were frisking everyone who went through the door, and took one look at me and said go ahead... lol. The girl tried to charge me a cover, which I denied and went ahead and went in anyway, as I was not planning on staying longer than what it took to get my buddy out of there. I went in and it was a friggin thug fest. Every Cholo, Ese, and Heina in Phoenix was there. I was the only white guy in the place. It felt very unsafe, even for a guy who grew up in the hood. I will never go back there as long as they are advertising to and accepting this type of clientele. It's unsafe, unsophisticated, and downright embarrasing. ONE STAR!
4	I've never been there at night, just for lunch and happy hour. I've never seen the place busy so on service I am going to give it two thumbs up. The servers are helpful and kind. The bartenders will chat with you and comment on the game with you. The happy hour drinks are a good price, 3 dollars for wells and 2.50 for beer. And the wells are strong, I've had to ask for more tonic because the bartender was a little too giving, which really isn't a bad thing. They have specials on drinks almost every night of the week, shots, mixed drinks whatever, which is awesome. The food, haven't been disappointed yet. I've had the smoke turkey sandwich, the bread was a little tough, but it had fresh herb lettuce and brie cheese which was wonderful. Also the jerk chicken on flat bread is to die for, especially, if you are looking for something light. The salads are amazing and come with either steak or tuna, both are tasty. For entertainment they have a couple of flat TVs at the bar area. On various afternoons they have live music, usually a fusion of hip-hop/R&B. They also have fantastic Djs that mix just about everything. Overall its a great relaxed place, for nightlife I heard its one of the best, so maybe one of these nights I'll stop being old and go out :)
2	Bar Smith, you mediocre bar my friend. There's 3 good things I liked about you on a Saturday night. 1. 4 of us got in for the price of 1 because cover charging makes no sense ($7), 2. You played Wu-Tang, son and 3. Rooftop bar. The 3 things I didnt like, 1. You're extremely way too dark when there's an abundance of latina juiciness all throughout the main (hip hop) floor. 2. Bathroom attendant, why? 3. Put my drink in a rocks glass, not a plastic SOLO cup. Head to the roof and you're a cool, compact club scene. Almost too compact, especially when you have breakdancers taking up the joint. Check it out if you're scratching that uncontrollable itch called herpes.... I mean Old Town Scottsdale.
3	We went on a Friday night a few weeks ago to celebrate my birthday after a rough week of work. There was a $10 cover charge for everyone...WHAT?? The downstairs decor was sleek and sophisticated...I thought, this place has promise and it almost made me forget about the cover charge. We got drinks and shots at the bar (friends paid so not sure what the drink prices were like) and then decided to check out the upstairs. On a busy night, you can't just go upstairs. You have to wait in line and then when people come down, they will let people in line up. Luckily the wait wasn't that long.Once we got upstairs, it was completely packed with people. We fought our way through the crowd and snagged some spots along the railing so we could people watch the line at PHX next door. The music that was played that night was good (lots of rap and hip hop). The oddest thing about the roof was that they were projecting crappy MTV shows (i.e. "The X Effect") onto the brick wall. I thought it was weird personally.I think I need to go check out Bar Smith on a weeknight and when I do, I will make sure to update my review.  For now, 3 stars for a chick fight as we were leaving and guys checking me out and asking me to stay as I made my way toward the door with my husband in tow.
5	I've been here twice, both on Saturday nights. One time to see friends from L.A. spin extremely sick old school hip hop downstairs. The second to hear house music upstairs. The layout of the place is cool. There's a lot of seating and room to dance downstairs. The upstairs has a nice sitting area with a couple of couches and two bars. What I really like about the place is it has a nice eclectic mix of people. That's very refreshing for Phoenix, seriously. It's also nice to have found good electronic music with a good crowd, that's there for the music and to dance.The upstairs does get packed but there was a pretty big circle of dancers going all night, which made the cramped quarters not seem so bad, getting to watch them all get down. That's something I haven't seen since I left L.A. and it made my night. The sound system upstairs is music to the ears and the bartenders also were amazingly fast considering they were packed. I really like this place. It makes me happy. I'll go back
5	Wow.  Refreshing!  Great house music, packed, great upstairs outdoor deck.  I haven't experienced something like this in Phoenix in... well.. ever!  Classy without pretension and the people come to get down!  I'll definitely be back!
5	On Thursdays, it's also a happening spot. DJ's Mara and Brazilia take the decks upstairs and spin a mix of electro, funk, old school rap, and whatever. Mara is a short, cute, hispanic lesbian who has been rocking the decks in Phoenix since her days as a rave DJ in the early 90's. Brazilia is a tall, gorgeous Brazilian woman who knows how to rock a party and play to the crowd like few DJ's I've ever seen. Local electronic musicians often show up with their laptops and MIDI gear to perform mind-blowing, live, improvisational performances. It's much less crowded than Saturdays, but it brings an interesting crowd. You can actually have a conversation, unlike on Saturdays which is mostly wall to wall dancing people. Not that that's a bad thing. Downstairs is hip-hop, which attracts a hypersexual, young ASU crowd. It's usually super crowded, and they're all grinding on each other with abandon before heading back to the dorms and contracting genital warts or who knows what.
3	Seeking out local evening entertainment last spring (cab fares to Tempe can really break the bank), I frequented Bar Smith on a number of occasions with my friends. Each visit, I had a pleasant time--savoring the bar's laid back atmsophere on its roof deck and (relatively) cheap drinks served by friendly bartenders.  Bud Lights are $3/bottle.I expect it will become even more of a happening place when the light rail starts running in December and patrons can enjoy the view of trains arriving and departing from the rooftop.Two things kept me from giving Bar Smith four stars: 1.) the expensive cover charge ranging from $7-$10/person and 2.) the bathroom attendant in a room the size of a porta-potty. Can you say unnecessary?
4	I can't comment on the evening or weekend activity, but as a lunch spot in the downtown Phoenix area, I thought Bar Smith was damn good. Went here recently for a business lunch and found the food to be really good for a lounge/bar. I ordered the steak salad, which was really tasty. Other than the food, the vibe seemed cool. I'm sure I'd check it out for happy hour if I ever find myself in Phoenix again.
4	Every time I go to Bar Smith it is dead, & I think this is very sad and disappointing! I've been there on Thursdays, Fridays, and Saturdays. The staff, especially the bartenders are really fun and affable & the house music & djs are generally pretty darn good (depending on the night though...last Thursday I heard Jesse McCartney downstairs, I felt like I was back home in Idaho.) I love the rooftop bar and dance area (everyone go. now. the weather is perfect!) The drinks are relatively cheap, which surprised me. The lack of lighting doesn't bother me a bit, it adds to the swanky, slightly mysterious ambiance of the area, and I think (I hope!) pretty soon Bar Smith is going to start having a stronger & more consistent following and will be a snazzy place to see and be seen in downtown.
3	Bar Smith, I do not love or hate you. But you are okay.I have been here three times now. Twice for the standard Saturday Solstice (house music) and for last New Years Eve. Both times were pleasant. A good mix of people. It is a cool spot in general, being that it has a rooftop bar.The one annoyance.. well, actually, there are two. People still smoke up there on that rooftop bar, which makes me gag. And two, you are accosted by at least two bums every time you try to get to the place.
3	Though I've known about the existence of this place for quite some time, I have always been hesitant to visit Bar Smith, not out of an aversion to drinking and dancing, but because I know some of the guys who work/frequent this place, and some of them haven't really been briefed on the whole "Jetta" thing. Oh hi, um, I hope this doesn't weird you out, but I already know you. We used to take a class together. You might not remember me...I was a boy then. So, uh, what's new with you?When Dottsy Z announced that, as a conclusion to her birthday pub crawl, she wanted to go dancing at Bar Smith, I was at first a little wary. But everyone seemed so excited at the idea, and as the pictures of the pub crawl will show you, I was looking fucking hawt last night. So I figured to hell with parliamentary procedure, we had some dancing to do.After navigating the diabolical labyrinth that are the one way streets that surrounded the place, Nathan and I showed up about twenty minutes after everyone else. Since it was after 130 in the AM, they didn't charge us cover, and after I gave the security the old "please, I'm working on the driver's license thing, don't make a big deal about it" eye fluttering, we were let in without any hassle. Within thirty seconds of stepping inside we spotted a man dressed in a cardboard and tinfoil robot costume, doing the robot. Then and there that I decided this place was at least getting three stars. The scene on the rooftop bar was like every Halloween party in Hell (or Heaven, for you overachievers). Way-buffer-than-humanly-reasonable hipsters shook their bon bons with Joker nurses and s&m fairies as bass-driven boogies pounded our ears to near deafness. One could even spot Adam M over in the corner by the DJ dancing with himself (either that or his partner had wisely moved out of the way of his cyclone of dancing fury)I like to imagine that no matter where I am in the universe, Adam M at any time can be found dancing in the corner.Seriously. Only Phoenix would have rooftop dancing in November. That's why I love this city.At first I felt a little awkward about dancing, but when I realized that Dottsy and Kevin H were taking pictures, I knew that there was no going back, and even I starting shaking my groove thing, despite being about three or four inches taller than every one else in the club. I tried so very hard to minimize the damage done to the other patrons, but I just know someone will read this review and say to your friend! "Hey, remember that behemoth chick who gave you that black eye! She wrote about it on yelp!"Though I've been to many a club, last night marked the first time a total stranger walked up to me and asked to take a picture of me. Every day I'm going to google "tranny dancing bar smith rose in mouth" until I find that picture. My pose was simply too good to be kept in someone's memory card.The whole night we were there (in this case, "night" means about 45 minutes) we kept dusting off chalk off of each other. The walls were literally coated in it. Surprisingly, I wasn't as annoyed with this as I was disappointed. I was hoping that perhaps some sort of hipster robin hood was literally just throwing drugs at passersby, but it turns out we were just dancing too close to the walls. Oh well.I admit, I feel a small tug at my conscience, giving this place a three-star review based on 45 minutes spent on the rooftop dancing and brushing "mystery powder" off my tits. But, alas, it was enough to win me over, and I will definitely agree to a second date (perhaps even a third if I can actually get into the ladies room), where I'll order some food and drinks and write yet another one of those "useful and factual" reviews I'm so well known for.
4	I stopped in at Bar Smith again last night, and the entire block (Silver, Sky Lounge, etc.) was PACKED. Lots of dancing downtstairs, the house music on the roof was fun & funky and everyone seemed to be having a good ol' silly time. It was really exciting to see so many people at the downtown clubs! I think they are being to become more strict about covers and dress code but for now it is still pretty relaxed. I hope once the lightrail opens, everyone finds somwhere other than the tracks to hang outside, though-it makes me nervous!
4	Great little place for dancing the night away to really sweet house music on the rooftop Saturday nights.  Not a fan of the hip-hop downstairs, but if that's your thing, you may want to check it out too.
4	After our microscopic martini's @ Hanny's, my bf tiff and I decided to walk over to Bar Smith and check it out.  It was a perfect day and we sat out on the front patio.  The bartender came out with a beaming smile to take our order.  We asked what her specialty was and she said Citrus Martini's soooo.... Citrus Martini's it was.  They came out promptly and were DELICIOUS!  (see pics)We were also in the mood for something sweet so she also suggested the chocolate torte and we are so glad she did.  It was decadent and purrrrrfect. The music was nice, the weather was as good as it gets in AZ, the service was great and the martini's were yummy. What more could you ask for??We will be back!
4	First timer, on a Saturday night. We got in around 1 am; we were listed so no idea what the cover was. Bathroom was tiny but at least it wasn't disgusting. Skipped downstairs (not my thing), went to the rooftop. Yeah, why haven't I been here before?? Loved it. Packed like sardines, effen awesome tunes spun, all kinds of friendly peeps in the crowd, good drinks served by smokin hotties, just a freakinfunfest. I'll be back.
2	I've been back a few times since the last review but the most notable was to see DJ Z-Trip. He was awesome, no complaints there.Bar Smith though? They failed on so many levels. I got there sometime between 10:30 and 11:00 and there was about a 20 minute wait out front. Not the end of the world or anything but after finally getting in, there was a sea of bodies and another very long wait. About 50 people were lined up by the stair case waiting to get upstairs. There was a bouncer not allowing anyone up there until people would slowly trickle out. Why they put Z-Trip on the patio, I don't know. It's the size of a shoe box and was clearly to capacity before 11 PM. FAIL FAIL FAIL FAIL FAIL!! I was in various lines roughly 50 minutes and still hadn't made it upstairs. Forget about stepping out of line to get a drink because you'd lose your place. The short of it is I paid for pre sale tickets, managed to get there at a decent time, and still had to wait close to an hour just to get in the same room as the guy. It was a total let down. At that point I was so ready to just walk out and ask for my money back. They clearly oversold the event and didn't give much thought about their patrons who paid money to see this DJ. They were going to fit every last body into that place if it killed them...and everyone else in there. After finally getting upstairs there were so many bodies, no one could move at all. It was a total clusterfuck. I finally made it to the back bar and stood in line for 10 minutes just to find out their card reader broke earlier in the night. Fantastic. No signs saying it was a cash bar, that would have been a nice gesture. Also, the bathrooms were downstairs, so forget about having to pee AT ALL during the 2+ hours you're there. If you had to go, you better hold it, otherwise you'd be waiting in line for another 30 minutes just to get back up. By the time Z-Trip came on, the sound was bass heavy and mildly distorted. I inched my way to various parts of the patio but the sound didn't get any better, so my partner and I said fuck it and went downstairs for the rest of the night. Thankfully they were playing his set downstairs and upstairs. At least people could move more easily downstairs. Plus the sound was better. And the bathrooms were actually accessible. Even at the end of the night, there were people standing in line waiting to get upstairs. Bar Smith gets a huge "F" as far as I'm concerned. I won't be back to this place for any headlining DJ. They obviously don't know how to run an event.
4	After having dinner at Hanny's my girl and I decided to check out one more place before we had to head back to the lightrail...  Bar Smith it was!!  Not packed at all, just a few bodies here and there, we choose to go upstairs. Being a big guy, I felt kinda like I was in a shoebox, but a nice shoebox?!? Another great place dropping that old school hippity hop (great night!!)  and HUGE kudos for having a bball game on the side wall and having a full bar upstairs to help  Az weather was great and made the experience more enjoyable!
3	If it weren't for the top floor here, this place would be pretty lame. A definitie two stars. After thinking about it, I'm really all over about this place. The cons? The crowd, ridiculous cover, and overall space. The pros: decent music (on Saturdays), well-priced drinks, and a great view from the upper level. I feel like this has a really westside meets Scottsdale feel minus the douchebaggery. The strip where Bar Smith is located at is kinda "Scottsdale light" in a good way. It's like those 3 to 4 bars are the Kardashian sisters and Hanny's is the quiet, better-looking bastard child around the corner that wants nothing to do with them.I'm really not knocking this place though. The view that you get from up top is worth it if you're with friends and can have a conversation. The music and dance floor are pretty decent too. There are also plenty of attractive women that aren't skanks that you can talk to if you have enough liquid courage in your system.Overall, it's a nice spot to stop by at for bar hopping, but don't make this the reason you're going out for.
4	AAAHH !!  What a breath of Fresh Air !!!   - If you ever get sick of the "Snobbs-dale,"  scene  and get the balls to venture into Phoenix; Then this is a Must SEE !!  This rooftop bar   has a great view of the city !! Featuring House music on the roof  and hip-hop downstairs !!  DJ's do a great job so , wear your dancing shoes !!  Reasonable drink prices and some nice jams will keep you there all night.  - Truly  DOPE SPOT - Kudos !!
4	Two floors and two very different crowds. Both floors were very entertaining, as in great people watching! We chilled on the upper floor for a while- enjoyed the techno music (complete with a girl dancing next to the speaker who was on some substance other than alcohol). There are partial views from the rooftop bar and energetic DJ's.  Downstairs was dimly lit with great hip-hop music.  We danced for over an hour and stayed until closing.  We don't go downtown much, but may go more often now.
4	Pretty cool place that appeals to 2 very different crowds. My friends and I stayed downstairs for the majority of the night. The hip hop music was pretty good and the DJ had a excellent music selection. The bartenders were very friendly, except for one of the blonde girls. When I put my empty beer bottle on the bar, she took it and I raised my hand to say "thank you" for taking it. Then she came back with another beer that I didn't order, and I think she got a little pissed because she misunderstood me. At the end of the night, I asked for some water and she only gave me a bottle instead of just a cup of tap water and charged me $2. Don't be a hater lady!!GET A SHOT OF CAFE PATRON!!! If you like coffee and patron, it's literally the best of both worlds. And, to top it all off, they are only $3 A SHOT!! Very reasonably priced. I had 3 within a span of an hour (I'm a heavyweight so I wouldn't recommend that for everyone!)Upstairs, they have techno/house music and it's packed like no other. The people are really cool though. They have friendly battles and it's pretty cool to just watch them for about 10 minutes. Depending on your scene, you can pick either floor.
4	I might be a little over eager here, but I am so excited about Bar Smith!Angelina C., Khamis H., and I went this Friday for the time. Paid the $5 cover with minimal bitching. Went upstairs and immediately began dancing our feet off. The music was wonderful. Electro-y and cleverly mixed. The crowd was  deliciously diverse and dancey. My favorites were a black couple that danced on each other, eyes closed, nonstop for the entire night, the enormous and muscly European guy who put my dance moves to shame, and the bouncy, pretty girl who I fell in love with. I fell in love with at least three girls on the dance floor. A good night, I'd say.I don't know about the drinks (I had been pre drinking before I got there, obviously) or the scene downstairs. I will be back to check them out. I am so glad to have an alternative to Homme or Amsterdam for the nights I want to dance!
4	This is a great find if you are in the area.If you enjoy the sounds of "A Tribe Called Quest, Lupe Fiasco, Kanye West, etc" (that type of hip hop), then this is the place to be. Apparently, this is where all the REAL STREET DANCERS hang out. I loved watching their friendly battles, because they definitely know what they are doing. This is one of those rare places where you still see dancers battle on the floor. It's an interesting atmosphere. Downstairs is where they play hip hop- and then on the upstairs deck they play house. I enjoyed both scenes. Drinks are priced reasonably- my friends were definitely pleased with the $3 shots. Also, the male bartenders were very awesome and attentive with our group.Best of ALL: you don't have to get ALL DOLLED up. If i'm in town the next time, I'm wearing kicks and a hoodie.
3	I want to like Bar Smith, and I actually very much do. But...the 3 stars were inevitable after my lunch here a few weeks ago.First off, let me say that I really do like everything about this place - the ambiance, the vibe, the menu, the service, the prices...it's all great. Seriously. But I just can't justify giving a fourth star because my food was not very well-prepared. I ordered the Blackened Mahi Mahi, which came with a Pineapple Relish, Mixed Greens and a Cajun Remoulade Dressing -- very excellent concept for a dish, and the flavors were really lovely together...this dish made me believe that a pineapple relish may be the only way to eat mahi mahi. However, as I'm sitting there enjoyed the dish, I start getting closer to middle of the mahi filet, and I realize that it's not cooked...Not even remotely. Yeah, the edges were cooked, but most of it was cold and raw. NOT how I like my mahi mahi. I very kindly asked the waitress if they could cook it more, and she very kindly had the kitchen do so. They got it right the second time around (although it wasn't quite the same...), but it makes me wonder if whoever's back in the kitchen knows what they're doing...I want to go back. I want to try it again, because I have the feeling it was a fluke. I HOPE it was a fluke. But as for now, I have no other choice but to give them 3 stars...despite how much I really do like this place.
1	To be fair, this is not my typical scene. But even if it's not, a good place should draw my interest, no matter its target clientele. Instead, the people working there are a mix of aggressive bouncers and airheaded bartenders. I was disappointed. Not only are their well drinks pretty pricey, but the music just plain uninspires. I spent a while on the rooftop bar and wondered why everyone was enjoying themselves. The DJ played the same boring, unoriginal beat 1,000 times over and over, yet people were eating it up. I think I'm not cool enough to understand. I heard they're under a new general manager, so maybe this place will get better. The space is great, but the atmosphere is such a bummer here that I can't be any kinder.
1	Yikes. I have been waiting on submitting this review since I just could not find the right words for this place. Like Si said earlier, this is not my typical scene. I am uncomfortable in bars. Generally, I am crying into my heinously over-priced, poorly mixed drink in the corner. But that is not relevant to this review at all. Pfff.I am not cool enough to understand why people like this place or why it is cool. This has to be one of the smallest dance clubs ever constructed. Are these cramped quarters good,  so that someone is guaranteed to unknowingly grab your ass at some point in the evening? Also, the layout for the place, with two different mixes of house music permeating both floors, is obnoxious. It truly feels like the cool peeps are dry humping each other upstairs, and the not-so-great peeps are downstairs wishing they were upstairs. The cover was $7. WTF? I can think of millions of different things I could spend my cash on. But don't relax just yet, we haven't even explored the deplorable cost of drinks. This must be the place that Paul Rudd was referring to in 40 Year Old Virgin, when he states "Yeah, it is $9 beer night." $7 for a gin and tonic, that freaking Cocktail served us. I loved the fact that because I wasn't dancing vigorously or did not have huge, fake breasts, that it took him like 12 minutes to figure out we were there. This place is horrible. The icing is the fact that these huge bouncers plop themselves triumphantly in every corner, just waiting for the chance to push scrawny punks out of the way. All I can say is this is not my kind of place and I am totally ok with that.
2	Bar Smith = WORST BAR EVER I wrote that on my cocktail napkin after being in this place for only 10 minutes. Let's just say it wasn't worth battling all the one-way streets and construction paying the $5 cover (I see many people complaining about $7-$10, but I can see why.) The music was blaring and not in a good way. My first stop was the bathroom. There was no attendant in in there (THANK GOD!) But when I opened the door I hit the girl standing at the sink and couldn't walk in until people moved around like puzzle pieces. Second stop the bar. I got a beer and a water from the downstairs bar. Five dollars for a Newcastle? Jesus. Not happy. Take my beer upstairs and find a hideaway behind the rooftop dance floor to drink and smoke in peace. Yes, upstairs they are playing different music than the shit downstairs. Yes, it was cramped and sweaty. No, the misters didn't do a damn thing for me. The flair-tending that was performed at the upstairs bar was pretty cool! They actually lit bottles on fire. I have never seen that done at a bar in Phoenix and that is the only reason this place has 2 stars. I don't even think the view is that great. All you see is a mess of construction and cops waiting to nab all the drunks as soon as they get released from the bars. Uninspired, un-enthused and unlikely I will be returning.
3	In PHX for business and after having lunch here (good not great) I decided to come back to check out the nightlife with my girlfriends...The rooftop bar was nice and the bartenders were very nice.  Drinks were good and reasonable but I am from the bay so any  time a drink is less than $8 I am pretty happy. The crowd was ehhh - I think they were all friends of the DJ who was pretty much an ass - why? Because he was one of those DJs that scratches to show off and ends up ruining the music - lame.
4	My friends and I have started frequenting this place to get away from the Scottsdale d**** bags if ya know what I mean. We had a lot of fun! It gets a little packed on the roof, but it a great change of pace to be in the middle of down town and see the buildings and the electronic music and dancing is cool. The prices are very reasonable. I think I bought a round of shots (4) and two cocktails for about $30. Where as in Scottsdale you would be lucky to get out the door with 4 shots for under $30. The only issue is parking. But this is a problem for down town as a whole. We found a lot right across the street but they charged $10. It's a little steep, but sometimes you get luck and find a meter and don't have to pay at all. Good luck!
4	i really like the roof. like, a lot. i thought this place was really cool. we got fast service at the bar and the music definitely lead me to showing off my sweet dance moves. the crowd here was really cool and a big mix of really nice people. i love when you find people like that! the only thing i didnt like was the smell of barf on the roof. it really grossed me out.
2	I want so bad for BarSmith to be a hangout for my friends and I. It's right downtown, it's got two different dance floors, they play good music, it draws a [supposedly] hip crowd, and they have a rooftop bar.  Unfortunately, they fail on so many levels. First off, to get to BarSmith, you have to walk past a sketch as hell nightclub full of dudes mean muggin you and chicks with skin tight, unattractively short dresses hollerin for attention.  oh yeah, and all of the bums lined up begging for change that harass you until you get to the door. When I walked in the door last night, the foul odor of vomit, piss, sweat, and farts nearly blew me back out. It was almost unbearable.  And the cliche hip hop music, with the DJ's hype man yelling "All the single ladies let me hear you!!!" so all of the guys knew which chicks were horny and available for the picking. Thankfully they separate the two parts of the bar, and we took the stairs to the top to find it completely packed with more obnoxious drunk people.Electro music banging from the speakers and people were chatting it up. I made my way to the bar, only to discover ONE bartender, and NO MORE CHERRY VODKA. I was substituted SKYY vodka for the SAME PRICE as 3 Olives (?!@#@?#) and redbull brought two drinks to a total of 17 fucking dollars.  Who are you trying to be BarSmith? $8.50 for a redbull/skyy? And the bartender's pouring skills sucked because the drinks tasted awful and were way too weak, not even filled to the top.And to top it all off, there was some creepy as fuck, drunk as fuck, 40-something year old heterosexual white male getting all up on mine and my friends shit, being a drunk fool, and security was nowhere to be seen. I saw a group of guys acknowledging and encouraging his stupid ass drunk behavior as well.  I've been to BarSmith a couple times before, and experienced the douchebagery of a lot of the guys that go here, whether it's discrimination based on sexuality/gender, or just them being plain macho jacked up assholes. It's like the Scottsdale Ed Hardy douche vibe in downtown pseudo-hipster form.Really, really disappointing.
2	Really...people like this place?It's bad enough when the bartender can't make a drink correctly the first time.  (Vodka and Tonic mind you...and I think I only tasted tonic water)  When you go back (or in this case Robert M took it back for me since the bartender ignored me the first time I tried) the drink tastes 10x worse.Music was good though.
2	You know there's a problem when the guys are separated from the ladies for pat downs and purse inspections at the front door. Was I being arrested or is this common check in practice at this establishment? The door staff seemed to find pleasure in bossing patrons around and may be taking their hostess authority a little too far. There's nothing special beyond the threshold here either. The venue, cocktail quality and staff all tragically fail. The only glimmer of hope rests on the ghetto-tastic music that leads to contagious head boppin' & bootty shakin'.  The music was great and is the only reason why I give two stars but I don't plan on ever returning.
4	The first time I ever went to BarSmith was one of the most memorable night I've had. We walked in and instantly I was in hell. The first floor is the 'Hip Hop' room, which made me want to slice my eyeball with a rusty razorblade. After downing a shot of tequila followed by and whiskey n ice, I was told there was a 2nd floor. I was shocked and horrified at the same time. 2 floors of this garbage?! Shit :-( We ventured up and IF there was a god/heaven, I believe this is what it must be like. The 2nd floor is completely outside with a view of United Airlines Arena and the height of the skyscrapers. I was unaware of this but the 2nd floor is electronica/house music. I was extremely relieved and had a class 3 stiffy from this. My buddies and I conitnued to booze it up and hit on the hottness, that is the urban-style girl. My buddy Aaron is a drunk dancer and this place screams it, so he danced. He got himself involved in a dance-off and eventually got served by a little asian guy. He hung his head low as we left but I held it high cause I had a great time with the intent of returning. I have been back many times since and love it just as I did that first night.
3	heard about this place for quite some time. went a few weeks ago and had a blast.  although downstairs has been deemed a bit scary by some other reviews, we hung out downstairs about half the time we were there; listening to some old school dr dre and 90's hip hop.  upstairs was fun with modern dance music and an artsy vibe.  overall a fun place for the non traditional clubs in that immediate area.
5	I love love love the rooftop at Bar Smith! The electro music, lights, fresh air, the view, it's amazing! Definitely something to try if you live in Phoenix at least once! The crowd is pretty cool, everyone is so friendly. The attire is trendy/indie/electroish. Sometimes they have a cool photo booth. Bar Smith totally rocks (UPSTAIRS!). Downstairs it's a whole other world. It's more of the mainstream hip hop and more skanified lol.
4	I may have found the heartbeat of Phoenix. We wound up here after the Lady Gaga concert (which I reluctantly attended, but surprisingly enjoyed), after telling a guy I chatted up at Seamus that I like anything with a fiddle. And a fiddle they had. House music. With a fiddle. On a rooftop in Phoenix. Who knew?! Stiff drinks, fantastically talented dancers showcasing their skills, within stumbling distance of the lightrail. Even a bathroom attendant which...the verdict is still out on. I don't know that this role (in general) was really imagined for offering up lotion, hairspray and paper towels, or for the more practical role of regulating the bar-goers of the puke and rally persuasion. At any rate, an awesome evening for sure.P.S. If you can seek out the off-duty pedicab driver who is friendly with the bouncers, you may be able to roll in without a cover charge.
1	This place sucks.I'm a born and raised Phoenician who has been living in LA for the past 4 years and I have enjoyed seeing the developing downtown scene in Phoenix. Until Bar Smith.I brought a few friends with me to check out this place for our Labor Day vacation. Their AC was broken (with 110+ heat) and they still charged a $10 cover. I thought, "This is a joke and I'm getting punked." I really don't want to re-live the experience but after getting the run-around, and into a heated argument with the promoter we all managed to get 2 free drinks. This of course only AFTER our group of 7 paid the ridiculous cover and bought a round.Avoid this place at all costs, however I will say that I believe this place is better on a different night (we went on Saturday). It's a shame because the DJ is really good and it reminded me of the DJs out here in LA. This place also attracts a sleazy sausage crowd. Our group had 4 girls and I'm pretty sure all of them were thoroughly grossed-out. LOL!Go anywhere else. Please.
4	I went for UK Thursdays and had a blast.  If there hadn't been a shooting and stabbing at PHX (stay classy people) we could have partied here all night.
5	Never tried the restaurant. Went there for dancing only.Went there to get my dance fix last night. My second time there. I had a blast. The DJs did a fantastic job. They're the best in the Valley. I adored the crowds on both floors. I'm into dancing. I love love love dancing. It's refreshing to be in a place and around people that share similar interest as mine. Those people were there to dance! These people seemed to know each other. It made the atmosphere even better. Great time, great music, great people. If you like dancing, techo electronica music, go to Bar Smith.If you're tired of the oh-so-not-talented you-gotta-be-kidding-me how-could-he-be-a-DJ moment, go to Bar Smith.I never ordered a drink there so I can't review that aspect of Bar Smith.I'll definitely go there again. And will recommend those who are into techno electronica to experience Bar Smith.
3	I can see where they are going with this place, however it's neighbors will probably be their biggest deterrent.  One of three in a bar strip center of sorts in downtown Phoenix - this is somewhat of the "center" of the club nightlife in DT Phoenix.  All three clubs are 2 stories, which makes it difficult to drown out the goings-on of the two other places, although they did provide some excellent people watching.  Let's just say the crowd that is drawn into neighbor PHX is not the same that rolls into LAX in LA.Anyway, I see what they are trying to do but unfortunately I think this bar will get left behind with the riff-raff of it's neighbors in a downtown that struggles to draw an evening crowd when there are no games going on.
3	3.5 stars.I have gone to Bar Smith many times - both on Friday night (Fuse) as well as Saturday night (Solstice). Actually, I've been there a few times on Thursday when UK Thursdays was housed there for a night (Dubstep).So you want to go to a club for music but don't want the "club" atmosphere? Tired of Scottsdale elites? Tired of the horse cops on Mill Ave? Want somewhere that houses a couple different genres of music? Want something close to the light rail? Well, bar Smith might be your place.I had a friend who came out from Ohio where I grew up and he hates clubs. Clubs are simply not something he wants to go and do. He is much more comfortable pulling up a seat at a bar and sipping on a drink. Me, on the other hand, loves to dance and get jiggy. I figured Bar Smith was probably the best place because it is kind of a blend between a bar and a dance club. While it has no barstools or tables, it does have a few benches along the downstairs walls and a small one upstairs. Everyone that doesn't want to dance just stands around and chit chats. Oh and did I mention that the upstairs section is on the roof? Normally they play music rain or shine - overcast or on one of our 100+ summer nights.So what did my friend think about the place? He thought it was the coolest "club" he had ever been to - and all he did was stand against the wall and listen to music.So what can I say that is bad about the place? Well, for starters... this place can get packed. Sometimes when you leave the top floor you won't be able to get back for the rest of the night. Bummer, right? Yeah, that sucks because when a man's gotta piss... a man's gotta piss. Upstairs is open to the elements and due to being crowded... I swear there are nights that the dance floor is more of a swamp than anything. What does this mean? What does this mean to you? It means, don't wear your $150 jeans that you want to keep clean. In fact, the dress code here is generally... go home and change into something that you wouldn't mind fixing your car in. Dont even bother wearing white shoes unless you want them to be grey after the night - you will be stepped on and drinks will be sloshed onto your feet sometime during the night. With that said, the crowd is different than any other place. The people who come here are there FOR the music - not to be seen (good reason why they dress down). This is good for some peoplem and bad for others. If you want to "be seen" then head east for Scottsdale. If you want to dress down (i.e. girls wearing sneakers instead of heels) then this place is for you. What else is bad? I think the prices are pretty steep. I am a weirdo and I don't drink beer (I know, weird male trait) and stick to liquor. I think I have paid more at Bar Smith than I have in Scottsdale for some liquor drinks. So if you only drink liquor like me and want to get trashed, I suggest you pregame in your car (lol). However, if you like beer then they normally have sort of dirt cheap beer special. I'd say that 70% of the people there drink whatever the special is and thusly I am squarely an outcast. This is not really a negative but I will say it anyways incase anyone is concerned - this is an alternative club. A lot of gays and bisexuals party here alongside the straight folks. I know because I don't know how many times I've been turned down by a girl by having her turn around to some other chick and start making out (a nice little hint that she isn't a fan of sausage). So if you are homophobic or closed minded - the crowd is going to freak you out.So what is good? Dancing is awesome. If you like to dance but are afraid of "looking stupid" then this is your place. You are *encouraged* to dance if the feeling strikes you. In fact, some of the better dancers there will cheer you on - and not in that weird high school way where they are really making fun of you. One of the better dancers told me, "it doesn't matter how you move, so long as you move because you want to move. It isn't about showing off, it is about enjoying life and enjoying letting the music move you." If I ever hear someone say that in Scottsdale, I'll shit my pants. With that said, somewhere around 1am there is normally a dance circle where the best dancers come out and battle. Maybe not battle, but show their latest moves. It is actually pretty cool and this may be the only place you can see a breakdancer (Bboy) bust out a windmill, headspin, and into a boomerang. Then the next guy jumps out and shows off his Tektonic moves... then that is followed by something I will call a contemporary electric salsa. Who knows what dancing you are going to see here! I also like dancing outside sometimes - even when it is hot. Even though the bar is expensive they sometimes do cool crap like flaming drinks, juggling, and fire breathing.So what is the verdict here? If you want a place where you can cut loose and party and have nobody judge you... then this is the place to be.
1	One visit is all it takes to know I will never set foot in here again.  And neither should you.In no particular order:$9 for an 8-ounce (maybe 10) pour of Red Bull and vodka.  That's price gouging plain and simple.  Way too small.  As I was walking around I kept asking, "Is this all of it?" Which made me wonder why they were admitting more people.  Where were they planning on putting them? Turns out they hadn't thought that out at all because the place was way overcrowded.  I was baffled when I realized they were still letting more and more people in the door.  After only an hour everyone was literally packed in so tight you had to push several people out the way just to move a few feet.This made going to the bathroom a near impossible journey, one that wasn't worth the trip. The bathroom attendant is totally unnecessary and out of place.  This place isn't upscale enough to warrant an attendant.  And if you're going to pack so many people into this place, you need more toilets.  It's simple math.  No one likes to spend their evening waiting in line to piss.  Because it was so packed, if you left the upstairs to take a piss, security wouldn't let you back upstairs to be with the people you came with. Which brings me to the staff. The bar staff were alright.  Attentive and polite. (Just way too expensive.)  The security on the other hand were rude and aggressive.  But I can't say it's entirely their fault.  Because whoever is managing this place is clueless and clearly only interested in the bottom line.  This has an obvious effect that ripples out to the staff and patrons.   I related this story to a friend the next day and she said she wasn't surprised.  She had stopped going there as well after her roommate got into a fight with the security.  We can do better than this, Phoenix.
4	Located downtown Phoenix sandwiched between what i thought was a strip club on the left & a reggaeton club on the right, Bar Smith seemed highly unlikely! I appreciated upon entering Raekwon's ice cream was CANCELING out Daddy Yankee from the right (HA!) Hip hop/old school mash ups on the lower level combined with a different scene of music on the upper level.  With videos playing against the wall with a full bar & DJ, the rooftop scene is what gives the place an edge as compared to other places I've been to out here. I'm hoping they alternate the genres between the upper & lower levels cause it just wouldn't be fair if they only played the corny music on the rooftop! i could definitely see renting out the space for future parties here. Great ambiance.This place has $5 drinks with fast 'bartender recognition.' The crowd told me that this place is where young professionals come to party with their older coworkers & alot of Phx. locals meet on a saturday night. Also complete with an 'under the stair' dancer (literally), a bathroom attendant that made me feel a strange pang of guilt because it seemed to be a requirement to put soap in peoples hands & a hot dog stand (though not the bacon wrapped ones i love) outside.As me & my fam. danced the night away with the rest of the Phoenicians i knew that my cousin & best friend would be going back home to California where places like Bar Smith is plentiful...sans the rooftops in the city. But, even though this place would be a typical great frequent in California, Bar Smith holds its own out here in the desert.
4	My home away from home! Bar Smith's number one best feature is its DJs. The music is ALWAYS on point. Whether it's the hip hop downstairs or the House upstairs. I always go here when I need to really get my dance on. The club is well known for it's resident DJs - Senbad and Pete Salaz. These guys are true Disc Jockeys. For real.This spot is awesome if you're looking to spot some legit bboys and bgirls as well as a myriad of other awesome dancers. The drink prices are among average, similar to any other Phoenix bar I'd say. It's just always a good time, even when it's not that packed.Forget Axis Radius or whatever, this is where the real music is.
3	I had a pretty good time at Bar Smith. I only drank beer so I can not comment on the well drinks. I spent 90% of my time up stairs on the roof where they were playing house music. I really enjoyed the videos playing on the wall over the bar. I found myself getting lost in them a bit, likely due to the beer consumption:) I only have two issues with the place: #1 the bathrooms were GROSS! There were only 2 stalls in the women's bathroom for the entire club! (There is an upstairs and a downstairs.) One stall was being used by a puking female and the other wouldn't flush. I get CHILLS thinking about it again. #2 One of the many bouncers, in an attempt to get somewhere quickly literally knocked me off my feet to get past me. While I understood his haste, I am a relatively small person and he was huge! The staff needs to be a little more considerate when plowing people over.
3	How have I never been to this place before?!The bar itself was fantastic.  The light show behind the DJ who was actually really good, and the rooftop bar that was projecting a movie on a wall was a nice change of pace from most of the bars that I've been to in the valley.  Overall the atmosphere was great, and even the attendant in the woman's bathroom was nice.  Some of the downfalls though... the location next to some other iffy looking bars, and the $10 cover.
4	I enjoy Bar Smith the music, the balcony and it always ends in a fun night. Beware the cover sucks and drinks are pricey.
3	I love the rooftop at Bar Smith especially as the weather gets nicer.  I went for a party last night and it was great.  Two different types of music one downstairs and one on the rooftop.  The drinks are not overpriced and usually there is a good crowd there.  The bar staff is great and always helpful unlike many Scottsdale clubs.
4	If you love house music then you need to check out Solstice on the rooftop portion (2nd level) on Saturday nights. There is also various DJ's that spin different genres on the main floor. The thing I love the most about Bar Smith is that there is no specific type of scene going on here. You got hipsters, b-boys, gay, straight, and just generally people that love to get their groove on to some of the best music you can hear in the valley of the sun. I have yet to go here and not have a blast. There is a cover after 10:30, but never too pricey and well worth it considering the drinks are good and a good price. Parking can be a pain but it's downtown Phoenix. Take light rail if you can, much easier and stops right by Bar Smith.
4	Went to Scenario last night at Bar Smith. The venue while a bit small was tight. Especially the rooftop lounge! The music was bomb!  Too bad it was a Wednesday night...no matter I'll be back and I definitely recommend checking it out!
5	I love this place I am here every weekend and every weekend is a good time!  Great drinks and music what more could you ask for?
3	Hmmmm..... I have been there a few times and each time I want to give a completely different rating so I settled for a mid-range 3 stars.  Totally depends on the night and more specifically, the DJ.  This is unfortunate because you have to pay a hefty cover either way.  *Unless you get there before 10 30pm and then you're good*First time I went... Really awesome and almost beat out Char's Has the Blues (which is my ultimate favorite) so that says a lot.  The DJ was great and there were lots of people dancing. Love the rooftop bar and dance floor, giant chalkboard wall and people there in general.  Second time.... A letdown.  Not so great DJ so a lot less people, expensive and ridiculously weak drinks, still same $10 cover.  I would suggest to research the DJ and get there before 10:30pm on the weekend.
4	Wow such a simple concept Really goes a Long way here !!!Some friends and I checked this place out on a Saturday night :Downstairs : The Chubby DJ - is NICE !!!  this kid keeps the dance floor jumping with hip-hip. It gets crowded but the music will keep you right there in the mixUpstairs :  ON the rooftop is  chill as well. With house music spinning - its got a nice vibe with a well rounded crowd. - Reasonable drinksOverall - A  Great spot
3	Bust out those vintage Nike sneakers that you haven't worn since high school and impress your fellow urban dancers with your Dougie, the Robot, the Carlton, or better yet, the WORM. At any rate, Bar Smith is your destination for your Hip-Hop dancing needs!  There is absolutely nothing fancy or pretentious about this venue.  It is clear as mud once you enter this urban night spot.  People come here to dance, groove, bounce to whatever lyrical rhyme that spits out of those loud, rumbling speakers!If you are looking to battle, there is no shame in doing so! The vibe here is incredibly welcoming to all levels of dancing! If you see somebody pointing and laughing, it's probably because of your poor fashion sense.  Not hip-hop enough or something.  Or those green skinny jeans clashed with your blue socks.If hip-hop isn't your thang, head up the stairs to the top roof where you can hear the electronic beats of house and trance music.  Don't be surprised if there's a giant circle formed to see who has the most creative techno moves.For once, a place where you don't have to dress or have the best moves to impress.  Quick Facts: x $5 cover.x Downtown.x Free Parking at the CityScape Garage or Metered Parking.x Light Rail nearby.x Sandwiched between 2 other dancing venues.
4	I have been here 3-4 times. Each time on Friday or Saturday post 11pm, generally Friday. The aspects of Bar Smith I like best is the music, the cleanliness, and relaxed atmosphere. The music is my favorite part, not sure if it is just the days I happened to go but it was nice being able to dance to David Bowie, The Doors, The Postal Service and many many more exceptionally mixed songs. I also love that the bathrooms are always clean, with a very friendly bathroom attendant. The dance floors are also clean, and I rarely saw abandoned cups. It is also great that everyone is friendly, it is easy to get a drink, and they aren't very expensive (under 5 for well liquor, maybe $4?).   I dislike that it can get really really hot both inside and outside. There are fans downstairs but it doesn't feel air conditioned. The last time I went most of the fans were off (or broken?) and it was unbearable, we ended up leaving feeling sick from the mix of alcohol and heat, which was a shame because it is really fun dancing there. It also bothers me how small it is, it sucks that there are only two stalls in the girls room, and that there isn't more room where you can gather with a group away from the speakers.
3	Drinks were pricey, cover was pricey, bathroom attendant was completely unnecessary and made the tiny bathroom feel EVEN MORE tiny. She was also kind of creepy and obnoxious, chatted at people the whole time they were in the bathroom. I see how this place could be awesome for people who love music and love to dance, but it was NOT my scene.
5	I went to Bar Smith for the first time this past Friday night. Friday nights = Sticky Fingers. We went there after 11pm, and it was pretty packed. The DJ played a good variety of music, and I especially liked that it wasn't all the hip-hop top 40 at most other clubs. Good mix of the Yeah Yeah Yeahs, AC/DC, Nine Inch Nails, Lady Gaga, etc. Then upstairs on the loft was another DJ. Pretty fun considering it gets a little warm downstairs, and upstairs on the open loft it was in the 50's at 1am. Great place to dance to good music and have a good time!
5	Great hipster bar/club. Awesome vibes and music, especially friday nights.
3	Was cool, then last summer the music got shitty.
1	Ghetto much?  If you like to wear a ton of hair gel and buy your dresses 5 sizes too small at Charlotte Russe then SWEEEEEEET this place is perfect for you.  The ONLY good thing is the music...the crowd just ruins it though.
4	Hip Hop/Pop downstairs. House/Electronica on the roof. What a fun place. It is such a mixed bag of folks. The place is clean, hip, and they have some great artists regularly working on pieces on the roof. How cool is that?
4	Once you work your way through the "ghetto" downstairs, you'll be met with fresh air, cool music, and a nice view overlooking Cityscape and the US Airways Arena on the roof of Barsmith! An intimate (small) setting, Barsmith plays host to many of Phoenix's best local dj's. Wednesday nights offer "hump day" partygoers the Scenario, a hip dance party jamming to the beat of drum and base, moombahton (spelling?), reggae, etc.... If you're looking for a wilder night to bust out your dancing shoes, check out Sticky Fingers every Friday from 10- LATE!There's always great drink specials here if you arrive before 11pm, however the prices aren't too bad after the specials end. The rooftop vibe alone is worth giving this place a try!
4	By far my favorite place to go listen to some house music. Rooftop bar is where it's at.  It has always always reminded me of a small club in NY because it's not 200 of the exact same person like places in Scottsdale. Its good to see a diverse and cool crowd. Not pretentious at all, although the regulars can be a bit clicky . Either way I'm a big fan and try to go get my dance on there whenever I can :)
3	Dub-step hipster bar - maybe I am getting too old for this stuff, but after a few drinks and some fun girl date company it wasn't so bad, especially since this is not my scene. The roof dance floor with projector screens of trippy colors made the whole thing as well as the hipster sightings.
3	I'm not much of a club person so I don't know how useful my assessment will be. I'm usually much more content to have a drink at Hanny's or get tanked on Sake bombers at Moira. Both times I've been here it's not been very crowded which is just fine with me. The downstairs is cool and they have a nice upstairs outdoor bar as well. Drinks aren't cheap but not too pricey either. The crowd is usually OK too, not too Scottsdale for me.While Bar Smith would not be my first choice of places to go to I certainly would never veto the idea either,
5	I love going to this place in Downtown Phoenix! It's been getting packed during the weekends, but its always a fun place to go. My friends and I enjoy dancing and they have 2 different scenes here. The downstairs is more HipHop and the upstairs is more Electro/Dance. We enjoy coming here on Fridays when Sticky Fingers plays! If you go before 10PM its free other than that its 10$ to get in. Good times!
4	Bangin' Like A Black SmithBy The RueFriday night hanging at Bar Smith,This place is off Washington,Its a few blocks west of Fifth,The rooftop dancefloor gets packed,This story is not a myth,Go with your friends or by yourself,It doesn't matter who you're with. We stopped by here on our way home,From watching the Cards win, They don't play in a dome,They beat the Raider's,Their face they shouldn't have shown,Danced the night away at Bar Smith,No they do not spray foam. My first time here and it was a blast,They DJ on the rooftop was good,I was cutting some rug at last,Downstairs was live hip hop,Compete in the rap contest I was asked,Unfortunately I had to decline,My rhymes are way too fast. For all you  partying downtown,Stop by here,Don't waste time looking around, A lot of cute girls,And dudes who are clowns,Just don't show up when I'm there,And try to take my dancing crown!!JAZZERCISE!!!
1	I will begin this review by saying that I am an open minded person, and I usually find at least one thing to like about a bar or club. I am also aware of the variety of subcultures that are popular now. With that being said, avoid this toilet at all costs! We paid a $10 cover on a Saturday night to be jam packed into a hot, sweaty hipster hellhole. Drinks we're expensive and came in the crappiest plastic cups ever. If the bottom floor of pseudo artists, dancers, models and intellectuals bores you, go upstairs and indulge in a second floor of the worst people that society has to offer. Also, if you're a guy, avoid the bathroom at all costs. Find a pseudo artist or model and give them your bowels as sustenance or as art; the bathroom only boasts one stall with no door, and the stall walls are waist high. Forget about dropping a deuce here, just do it on the floor, the art crowd will appreciate you! Also, avoid making eye contact with the bathroom attendant from Mogadishu; he will insist on a tip for creepily watching you do your business. Why the fuck does a shitty little club need a bathroom attendant anyways? Music was ok but its too hard to be able to get into it when the club is dangerously overcrowded. All in all, if you fancy yourself some kind of scholar of the arts, or if you think you're a model, go here. If you went to college for a journalism degree, or a fine arts degree, come here. If you think the Cornish Pasty in Tempe is the greatest thing ever, come here. If you wear v neck t shirts out in public while sporting an amish hat, come here. If you just started riding motorcycles and consider yourself a 1% outlaw, come here cause you'll think you're the toughest biker in the world. For the rest of you, skip this shithole and go to Sanctum instead.
5	Dopest Saturday nights in the valley with Solstice Saturdays spinning dope hip hop and R&B downstairs with the House bumpin upstairs. No need to look anywhere else for your diverse crowd and fun night.
1	the bar tenders are thief's (the girls )  on the roof top patio they auto tip them self's stealing your money ,and change the price of the drink at any time , like those PBR $5 bucks at any giving time  or the mix drinks specials. they are not honest and don't give a fuck about you just the money.  best way to do it is buy 3 drinks at same time and tip them a dollar once, they need to learn this cheap bitches.
4	Expensive, hipster, but I'll totally be there again. Anything to get out of Old Town & Mill once in awhile...
2	We came here after hitting the Monarch Theater right next door. It was 10 bucks per person to get in. For a bar that has a club type of vibe, they actually had a good beer to drink. Odell IPA. I mean, every other dance club type of establishment the have only the normal Bud/Miller/Coors. I give this place 3 stars because downstairs sucks. The DJ down there sucked really bad, and the smoke machine smelled like crap. Downstairs is a hip hop type of vibe, and upstairs had EDM house music being mixed. As a big time EDM fan, I heard some Wolfgang Gartner, Feed Me, and Porter Robinson. Good stuff. Great music going on upstairs. Upstairs was awesome, but just way too cramped. Another thing that sucked was that there was a crap ton of dudes dancing up there. They should have taken a queue from the Monarch next door and let ladies in for free.  They ought to have the EDM DJ downstairs, and put the hip hop DJ out of a job, because no one was dancing to his mix. I mean, I tried to give him a chance, but he was playing THE WORST hip hop.Stuff you have never heard that is not dance worthy. I am not expecting the Scottsdale hip hop mash up, but it would hurt to play something someone has actually heard. Prices were average. 5 bucks for an Odells and 7 bucks for a liquor mixer. I would come back here if they did something better with the downstairs. The bar counters downstairs were really sticky, and there was barely anyone down there. Would it hurt to wipe down your counters more frequently? I down rated it to 2 stars because of the split atmosphere, and the overwhelming amount of dudes. Otherwise, if it wasn't a sausage fest, I would have given it 3, and if the downstairs wasn't lame, it would get a 4.
2	I would give this place 5 stars if they ventilated the downstairs, expanded the rooftop and not charge $10 cover. A warning to the ladies, you will get your hands/waist/ass grabbed throughout the night. They should probably enforce the 1:1 guy/girl ratio here since it was a total sausage fest...I felt like I was a lamb shank at the meat market
4	It wasn't a bad place at all.. but just not my venue. The patrons are super eclectic from very hot girls that look lost, to some coked up military kid that think he is stomping the yard, to some older fellow with his hat backwards slowly trying to advance his efforts into the bachelorette party. Don't get me wrong, as this provided me with lots of entertainment, and people to interact with everywhere is too loud for any kind of conversation. But, this being said the rooftop was still my favorite, as they had a bar manned with a cute Asian chick that got her duties down.. and a big mingle/dance party that I imagine can be found at a young republican rally. I sure had fun though, I mean it. But will I go back? Yeah, you know what.. I will come back here. Not sure why, but I will. And they have one thing that I usually cant stand but love to be bothered by.. they had a DJ that looked liked he wanted to audition for RUN DMC, but played the most edgeless, dull dance music. It was sad. But people didn't care.. especially not the coked up soldier. Good times, good times.
2	$10 cover = not worth it. Came here with 4 ladies and they were all ready to leave after 30 mins.. We thought we were going to a cool downtown bar to drink but this place is a club? Kinda? Anyway, none of us were feeling the music or the crowd.I'm giving this place a 2, since it wants to be a club I'll compare to the other local clubs (like revolver) which are average at best, bar smith comes in below these.
4	Bar smith is one of those places where you go to unleash your wild side. I love to come here to dance my as off for hours at a time. I am in love with the rooftop bar and dance floor. I always get my house fix when I come, as I am a die hard Electronic music junkie. Ditch the heels and be prepared to dance all night,  if you are into House music!
3	If you are looking for dancing, loud music, and drunk people everywhere, Bar Smith is your answer. $10 cover for everyone (ladies and military, we are sadly not excluded from this) and you enter wonderland. I love the upstairs bar, especially this time of year. It's a nice break from being hot and sweaty downstairs. It's usually EDM/house DJ's outside. Not as much dancing as downstairs, but you'll see the occasional raver going all out. Last time I was there, someone showed up in a bear costume! Downstairs is more hip music. It doesn't start to pick up until after midnight, aka after enough libations make the crowds go crazy. It's fun to go between upstairs and downstairs. Carolina is a kickass bartender, she makes a mean whiskey ginger and has awesome green lipstick! Drinks weren't crazy outrageous expensive either. Bathroom line never seemed to last forever, although I don't think it's a classy enough joint to warrant an attendant. She was sweet though and gave me an extra piece of gum when I smartly opted out of a cigarette (yes, they have cigs for tips in the bathroom). Overall, Bar Smith can be a fun time. Go into it expecting nothing, walk out drunk and sweaty.
5	This is my favorite club on the West Coast (I've been around), especially to dance under the stars to House music of any sub-genre on the upstairs open air patio. No joke, it has the best music, awesome friendly & cool people who are there to dance and have fun (douchebag free establishment), beautiful, stylish and friendly bartenders, courteous security (almost never heard of anywhere else). Dj's are some of the best in the country or even world class when they are flown in, whether for house, electronic, or Hip Hop. The sound system is excellent, full, well balanced with deep bass and no distortion. They even have beautiful hostesses to welcome new patrons. Downstairs has excellent music as well, which is usually booty shaking groovy Hip Hop. You don't have to take my word for it. Just go check it out for yourself; but be ready to make new friends.
3	This is a very fun club for you party animals. The bar doesn't have a cover until 10, so a bunch of ladies and I arrived closer to 9:30. The place was fairly dead for a couple hours, then it picked up. Vodka was on special, with mixed drinks for 4$... so needless to say, we all had vodka based drinks. There was nothing special about these drinks and they were on the small side (served in a plastic cup, you know, to be classy), but for 4$, what can you ask for? They had one DJ on the roof (who happened to be my wedding DJ, so I obviously liked him) and another downstairs. Overall it was a typical loud crowded club scene, but I would come back if I were in the mood for that kind of thing.
4	Off for a night of dancing the girls had selected Bar Smith in downtown Phoenix. My immediate concern was "What do I wear?"Again, "WHAT DO I WEAR?"I wanted something comfortable shoe wise but didn't want to get turned away at the door. (I'm from New York. You have no idea what pain and suffering we can go to. After a while you can forget your feet are numb from tortuous heels.) Turns out Bar Smith is very relaxed in the dress code area. Provided you're 1) of age and 2) wearing clothing YOU'RE IN! Given that I'm on the slippery hill to old age/death I painted on the face carefully. (Smooches to the bouncer who smiled when I passed my ID over.) Sneakers are ok. (Before you judge: I wasn't wearing white track shoes! Cute slip ons paired with an over the top cocktail dress.)MoolahThe bar doesn't charge cover before 10pm. Mixed well drinks are $4. Nothing spectacular here as they are served in thin plastic. (Yes they will serve you a double for $8.)Open TabsYou can move between the downstairs and upstairs bars. Like a goof I didn't realize that initially and was returning downstairs to place my order. Just don't forget to pick up your card on the way out!The DJ's are a fun group on a Saturday. Plenty of people were doing the silly dance (come on, we're not on Dancing With The Stars) showered in darkness upstairs and downstairs. Actually the lighting was crazy. (See my photos!)The crowd picked up noticeably after 10pm. All things considered tho, the bartenders were awesome in keeping up. Fun, fun, FUN!
2	And someone is full of themselves... $10 per person for a cover charge? Just so I can blow an equal amount on subpar booze and music? No thank you.I used to be a huge Bar Smith fan, but lately... some one gone done lost their mind!We arrived a party of 5, assuming the line to the west end of Washington Street was for Bar Smith, only to be surprised that it was for an event at the Monarch Gallery. After hastily providing our ID'S to the doorman a girl tells us it will be $10 a person, while looking in, it is clearly empty. As I am more than well aware of the tight quarters in the bar from past experience and price gauging for beer, we decide to leave without paying.
4	Saturday great house music under the stars. It gets hot on the roof. Downstairs is hip hop and rooftop house music. The overall feel of the club is very chill a nice night and alternative to the typical club setting.   People dancing and seeing some great break dancing.
1	RE: 10/05/141:07aTable 210Receipt #*****Employee: Ms. BrittI was at patron in your facility at the above mentioned time. I was ready to leave the bar & Ms. Britt said she could not find my debit card. I gave her my telephone number & she called me @ 3:00a to say she found it. She took it home with her & called me today to say she would meet up with me & return it. Is this common practice with your facility? This is shady business at best.
4	My favorite place to go dancing. Hip hop downstairs, electro on the roof.Major CON: they always have a cover. I have come by here multiple times with large groups and we decide not to come in because of the cover. It doesn't make much sense that they would forgo letting a large group of attractive women in seeing as the bar is usually filled with an eclectic group of individuals. I would definitely come here more often if they didn't charge to get in.
5	I love this place. I have been coming here for many years, mainly for the Saturday night Solstice party, but sometimes also for the other nights as the offerings have expanded. I really love the upstairs balcony dancefloor because you can dance under the stars and sometimes even the full moon. The crowd (in general) is very welcoming and unpretentious. Most people come to dance and enjoy the music. You can dress up if you want to or you can just kick it. This is one of the few places that I am comfortable, as a woman, going to by myself. I don't have to worry about being groped or harassed. It might happen, but the security crew in here is on point and very protective of their (well-behaved) patrons. The drinks are well-poured and well-priced. I love the heavy-handed bartenders!The owners of this bar expanded and own some of the surrounding properties, so they now offer even more musical choices, though BarSmith is still the epicenter. There's salsa, banda, house, techno, tech-house, hip-hop, grime, dub-step, progressive, minimal, ...even jungle and DnB at one point... I mean I can't even list them all. Plus things change, different people will run different weeklies at different times. This bar is an institution for downtown Phoenix. I remember when it was literally the only place to go. Even with new spots opening up this is still a stong hold for good music.The parties and the type of music played here can be kind of seasonal, with the exception of Saturday nights, which is the night that started it all, and kind of the foundation that the bar rests on. Saturday night upstairs is based in deep house but genres are so fluid, so upstairs has a healthy mix of deep-house-related music. On Saturdays the downstairs is a really solid hip-hop night too. It's nice to go between the two floors, they complement each other, like wasabi for your sushi. I could go on forever about this place!
3	I have mixed feelings about this place. Visiting from Milwaukee, I thought with all the warm Phoenix nights the club scene would be hot. Apparently, nobody likes to have fun on weeknights in these parts. Anyway, was really looking forward to getting my dance on here, especially with on the rooftop with my best girlfriends and a cute guy. I had no such luck this night. Rooftop part of the bar was super cool, but music up there and downstairs was pretty lousy. We got in without having to pay a cover charge which was good. One of my friends had a fruit fly in her drink which was gross, and the bartender didn't seem to care. Hung around here for awhile hoping for some better music and people to show up, and didn't happen. If I were in town on the weekend, I'm sure it'd be better, but didn't have that opportunity. Nice place but just not that great at the time of my visit.
4	I've recently become a regular patron of this place thanks to their new Wednesday night rooftop electronica dance extravaganza.  If your looking for a place to get out on the dance floor and shake your groove then this is a fun spot in downtown Phoenix.
5	Best place to go dance on Saturday nights. Dopest hip hop on the bottom floor, open roof top playing house music all night until 3 am. Yes there's a cover, but if you come with a large party, talk to the door guy, he'll take care of you. Cheap drinks, cute bartenders, loud music, good times!
