5	OK, I don't know why, but htis place has several names depending on which website you visit. Currently it is called Karen's Unicorn, and the food and service are impeccable. We ended up here as all of the rest of the Stephan St. establishments were closed after 10:00 PM. Truly a Stockbridge gem if there is one. Outstanding Chinese food with perfect service. Oh Right, the prices are extremely reasonable for qulity of food and level of service.
5	OK, I don't know why, but this place has several names depending on which website you visit. Currently it is called Karen's Unicorn, and the food and service are impeccable. We ended up here as all of the rest of the Stephan St. establishments were closed after 10:00 PM. Truly a Stockbridge gem if there is one. Outstanding Chinese food with perfect service. Oh Right, the prices are extremely reasonable for quality of food and level of service.
5	OK, I don't know why, but this place has several names depending on which website you visit.  Currently it is called Karen's Unicorn, and the food and service are impeccable. We ended up here as all of the rest of the Stephan St. establishments were closed after 10:00 PM.  Truly a Stockbridge gem if there is one. Outstanding Chinese food with perfect service.  Oh Right, the prices are extremely reasonable for quality of food and level of service.
5	After a few years we eventually went, and the food is by far and way the best Chinese food we have eaten in Edinburgh. The service was great, but it comes back to the food.The crispy ribs with a Peking sauce were the standout dish, but everything was superb.
5	A gem of a restaurant with great service and delicious food well presented. Very reasonable prices too. Definitely one to go back to, especially with the great St Vincent pub round the corner too!
5	One thing you need to know about Karen's Unicorn: half a Peking Duck roasted to perfection, delivered to your door in an hour, for a pretty reasonable price.Add into the scenario that it's Sunday evening, you're starving and lazing and want to feast without having to get our of your relaxipants. Then have Karen's Unicorn deliver you a Chinese feast and you're a happy camper.I've never dined in Karen's Unicorn but had takeaway from here 3 times. The most recent was, as you may have guessed, the half Peking Duck that's served with pancakes, plum sauce, spring onions and cucumber. The duck was beautifully roasted, pulled off the bone perfectly and the skin was so crisp.The salty and spicy squid was indeed that, very spicy but also delicious. My other favourite is the, rather simple, Sinagpore Noodles. It's a big portion and one I didn't think I could finish. But the food is actually quite light (Chinese food is normally so oily and heavy) that I managed it all. Nom.I also, believe, that they don't use MSG. A huge winner for me, as MSG does make me feel mighty funny.It's my number 1 for Chinese take-out in Edinburgh. More please!
4	Five stars for Karen's unicorn , take away!Like Jenny I've only used Karen for take away, and it's possibly the best one in the city! Certainly of all the ones I've tried!6 meals delivered in under 40 minutes, and at a really reasonable price. I can really say, it's the lightest crispy beef and fried rice I've ever had. No heavy oily bloated feeling after this meal, just satisfied bliss. The other top choice was curry chicken, yes I know all very plain choices but it's a good place to start a benchmark! I mean, if you can't get the basics right how will you do with the more authentic stuff, right?The best part? They deliver almost all over Edinburgh so you have no excuse not to try them!
5	They moved to Abercrombie place. My full review for this is on that Page but my check in got diverted to this. This is an excellent restaurant. Well worth the price and great quality food. Service at Karen's Unicorn is second to none.
5	This location is now closed. Abercromby Place is still operating. Such a shame as a good local spot for Stockbridge.
