4	I had the pleasure of going to the opening of this new location. I had no previous experience with SmashBurger, but I'm always looking for something new. My initial thought was how cute the restaurant is. It's kind of in its own little nook in the far corner of Cotswold shopping center. The staff were all very friendly and though they were crowded, the food was served quickly. I ordered a classic SmashBurger with sweet potato fries. The burger itself was a good size, flavorful, and quite juicy. The egg bun was a nice touch. I will probably customize my burger a little more next time, but wanted to see how the classic would stand on its own. I was not disappointed. The sweet potato fries were fresh, not soggy and had the lightest dusting of sea salt. I'd give the fries a 3 out of 5. All in all, this was a good first experience and I'm looking forward to returning.
4	Only a few days in business and the food is good!  Burgers and toppings are well done... The Smash Fries are flavorful without being 'too much.'  A little expensive for the portions, but not excessive. We'll be back.
5	Great new spot with great prices. Can't go wrong with chicken or a burger. I recommend to everyone.
3	First time trying this location. I usually go to the one in Stonecrest but received a coupon to try the new location. The registers for ordering are right next to the door, creating a very tight environment, won't be fun come winter time. Booth seats seem abnormally low. My husband got his usual BBQ, bacon cheddar and seemed pretty satisfied with it. I tried something new (the burger with mushroom and Swiss) I should have stuck with my usual of the baja burger, this new one lacked the flavor I'm used too. The smash fries were really good as always. Service was also great, everyone was so curious and constantly checked on us. I am glad there is now a location closer to center city.
1	Don't waste your time & money on the shakes. It took forever, small for $4.38, and they "hand spun" the thickness out of it. It was grainy chocolate milk. I am beginning to think that we ate at a completely different place than other reviewers. We actually threw  a lot of the food out. Burger was awful. Rubbery chicken sandwich had been cooked on same griddle w/ burgers. Even had burger scrapings on it and the bottom bun was so soggy I couldn't eat it. Beyond disappointing. I usually give places a 2nd chance, but not this time. Sorry.
4	Loved Smashburger in Illinois, so glad we have one here now. It will be on the regular rotation, but competition is getting stiff for burger joints...awesome for us !  I'm sure they are working out some kinks since they just opened, but so far, pretty good. Food is good & service is quick.
3	Pretty good. Not impressed with the fancy fries, and it's fairly expensive for what you get. B&G just down the street has in-house ground fresh wonderfulness burgers and it's the same price! And they're a high-end restaurant!
2	I will start with the good. Good location, good staff,and good facility. I ordered the small smashburger and regular fries ( not smashburger fries).  I just didn't care for the flavor of the burger. It reminded me of commercial meatloaf with a lot of salt and pepper.  In addition, it was extremely greasy. The fries were the small shoestring cut and were very good and not greasy (?). The smashburger fries are tossed in a combination of ingredients....so beware if you are a french fries purist and order the regular fries.Not dinging this place at all. The burger is just not for me. I will return again and try the salads or a shake. They looked great.
5	The husband and I ate there the other week, Ford waited on us and was quite attentive. I had a regular burger with Swiss and side of fries, the hubs got the works. Everything was very clean and delicious and I have to give them that, considering they were very, very busy. We had been anticipating the opening of this smashburger for awhile, I bet they will do well.
4	Don't tell anyone, but I popped my Smashburger cherry at the new Cotswold location.This is Charlotte's second Smashburger. The first is out in the Stonecrest Shopping Center in Ballantyne. So excited to have one near me. My current favorite burger is the truffle mushroom swiss. The barbecue, bacon and cheddar bacon a close second. There is even a regional burger: the Carolina chili. Warning: get extra napkins. You can also create your own burger and have the option to pick whichever bun style you want on existing menu items.Don't do burgers? Get a chicken sandwich. They smash those, too!! The spinach, cucumber, goat cheese and the avocado club are both delicious. Refuse to eat something that use to have a face? Go with the avocado ranch black bean burger. Interesting texture and flavor. The salads are HUGE. I recommend going here with a friend(s) so you can share sides. The smashfries are tossed in olive oil, rosemary and garlic. You can't go wrong with that. Haystick onions are delicious. SECRET MENU SIDE ITEM ALERT: fried pickles. This place is slammed at lunch. The parking lot is kind of small and awkward to get in and out of when it's busy. Note: there's only one way in and our of the lot. I learned that the hard way... twice. Both times while driving with one arm. #slinglife. The workers are all really helpful and come to check on the tables often. Your first visit you may sit there and try to remember what use to be here. Spoiler alert: it was a bank.Great addition to this neighborhood. I think this location will do well here.
3	Getting in is easy but getting out is a major cluster.  If you are dining in it's easier to park closer to Harris Teeter and walk across the lot than use Smash's little lot and fight for the light when you leave.Burgers are good and come in regular or "big" sizes.  The classic smash is tasty.  Fries come in plain or "smash" seasoned.  The veggie fries are not my thing, just taste like half-cooked greasy carrots and string beans.The organization inside is bewildering.  You're forced to enter one way and exit another which really doesn't help anything.  If there isn't an expediter at the pickup window, which is apparently often, it's like fighting through a pool of piranhas to get your food when it's called.  The kitchen is not great at special requests like "hold the onions" and "no cheese" so it's better to order something simpler and add on special items you want.But all in all not bad food and I would brave it again to give them another chance.
2	Burger ok but not a 7 dollar burger.  Truffle mayo didn't work and I tasted it all night.  Burger was dry and over cooked.  Getting out of the parking lot is a challenge.  Sam P.
3	I waited for this Cotswold Smashburger a long time. It's nice knowing I can stop in, so close to home, and get a fresh-cooked burger made like I choose. It's especially needed here in the Cotswold n'hood. The burgers are nothing all that 'WOW' and I think they're quite high dollar ($7) for a burger. Fries of any kind are extra $ and the very skinny fries. I DO like their Smashfries that are tossed in rosemary/garlic/oliveoil. They have lots of other foods and ice cream shakes, too! I'm sorta limited to what I can eat, as I'm a gastric bypass survivor. They DO allow me to eat off the KidsMenu, as do so many other great CLT restaurants, which I am thankful for. Even a kids meal burger is 2 meal for me. I'm going to adventure the menu more soon! Of note is they have one of those 100+ kinds soda machines and while I am not a soda drinker, the machine also has flavored waters and a Segrams Lemon-Lime in it!The Smashie workers are all polite & mostly college-aged...and appear happy at work. The Take-out Bar/waiting section could/should be redone...as it's in a strange place and when the place is busy you are always in someones way. Parking is there behind the place, BUT if you visit know the in/out are ONE...and difficult to get out of behind th HTeeter. Park on the Randloph Rd side of HT for better escape once done with your Smashburger!
4	We hit the new Smashburger off Randolph (behind Harris Teeter) on an "off night" once the grand opening crowds died down a little.  It's a nice spacious restaurant with ample parking behind it (who knew?).  It just sits at a very crowded traffic signal, and many times I've seen lines out the door.  Literally.  Out the door.  Since there was no line, we were able to order pretty quickly at the counter and grab a booth to wait for our food to be delivered to us.  Smashburger is a chain restaurant, yet its burgers (thankfully!) taste nothing like your typical fast food burger joints.  Yes, I'm calling you out McDonald's, Burger King, etc. with your pseudo-burgers.  The burgers are big, flavorful, and, yes, real.  I also like that they offer "gourmet" burger toppings, as I like some variety.  I opted for the Spicy Jalapeno Baja burger.  It wasn't super spicy (at least not for me), but it did have a kick, was juicy, and had lots and lots of flavor, both the toppings and the smashed burger itself.  The skinny fries have some great spices and herbs on them, too.  The prices are a bit high for fast food, but I guess compared to the "competitors," you get what you pay for, so it's worth it.   I've always thought Five Guys was pricey, too, but I think Smashburger has them beat in both taste and atmosphere (although no free peanuts!).  Would we return?  Definitely.  As long as there's no line out the door.
3	The only reason I'm giving this place 3 and not 4 stars is because the black bean burger wasn't that good. I've had plenty of black bean burgers in my life, but the patty was a bit mushy--the consistency was just off for some reason. I can't explain it. The fries were the only saving grace.  Man those things are good. Thin and crispy the way they should be.  The BB burger is really my only option since I don't eat meat. Maybe I will go back for the fries.
2	Went back to give them a 2nd chance. Ordered a chicken sandwich this time. Got a piece of leather covered in some sauce. Couldn't eat it. Actually inedible. Took my family of four. Spent almost $60. On "fast food." At a burger place. And we're not piggies. Got regular meals. I think one of us got a shake. It's just so expensive. Esp for food you don't want to eat. And it's SUCH a disappointment. Waited soooo long for this place to open. And...um...no. Customer service is spot on. But for $10-$12 burgers/sandwiches you can't eat?? Boo. No thank you.
5	It was our first time here and everything was fabulous.  The black bean burger and smash fries were delicious.  The staff was very friendly and quick.  We will be back!
4	My first thought of this place was... another fast food joint. And that is what it is, fast food joint; but its very different and they actually have great burger combinations (both chicken or beef) and their fries and amazing!, specially because they have sweet potato fries!. Their shake are pretty sweet!, but at least for me still dairy queen has the best shakes. As for the service I like that they are very quick at it, even on crowded days.
3	So the fries are bomb! Reminds me of a burger joint I ventured to often living overseas. I wanna say Beastie Burgers in South Bank in Australia. They put rosemary on their fries. They were thick cut though. I like thick cut fries better... if you like the skinny fries then you'll like this joint. I had the Carolina Classic... which was decent. Dude at the restaurant told me that he put a fork in my bag because the burger can be pretty messy with the chili. Welp! Guess someone forgot to make it extra messy that night because the chili was perfectly contained... and he forgot the fork. My dude had some chicken burger. It wasn't memorable. I also had a chocolate cookies and cream shake. It was aight. Still can't touch Bad Daddy's... I go hard for a bean burger. That's saying something if I prefer their bean burger over this place beef burgers. Perhaps it was the prices too. Eh... at least I can say I tried it.
5	Love.  Love.  Love!
5	Best burger ever! must try
5	Repeat after me.... truffle mushroom swiss burger.  Say that 5 times and you will then find yourself magically in your car headed for Smashburger.  This is one of the best burgers you can get anywhere!  The sweet potato fries are awesome as well.Gotta go.  ;-)
4	The first time I tried Smashburger, I wasn't expecting a "chain burger" to be so good. In fact, I went back a few more times to make sure it wasn't a tasty fluke. My burgers took about 5 minutes each to arrive, but were worth the wait and tasted much, much better than any fast food burgers you can get in 2 minutes. I left the last visit thinking out loud that Smashburger is the "Starbucks of fast burgers" because their customization, options, and consistent execution are where they really shine. The burger patties themselves are good - not the best I've ever had, but a tasty, solid option. Their avocado club burger had fresh cooked bacon and what looked like a half an avocado on it. The  bbq, bacon, and cheddar burger was sweet, smoky, and salty all at the same time. The truffle mushroom swiss burger is on par with what I'd expect to eat at a much fancier farm to table place. Their (very skinny) fries are tossed in olive oil, rosemary, and garlic and come in multiple variations.If you don't see something you like on the menu, customization is the name of the game. You can order custom toppings, sauces, breads, or even sub out the burger for chicken or a black bean burger. This is the first fast burger place I've felt like I can order my food in any combination available and be fully satisfied with the results.
3	It's a sort of fast food but sort of not fast food kinda place. A little hard to really nail it down but it's for sure not Wendy's or mcdonalds. Think of it as a cleaner steak-n-shake with better food. The burgers really are pretty darn good. Not the best I've had but better than say 5 Guys. I like their fries as they are really thin a crispy. Their shakes are very good as well. The only catch is the price. It's around $10-11 for a burger a fries. That is a problem as I can go to say a place like Kickstand and get a better burger for about the same money. Also at this location the parking is not ideal so be prepared for that. A bit of a pain to get in and out. So yeah 3 stars. Maybe 3.5 but that's it. I wouldn't drive out if of my way but if you're in the area worth a try.
4	To all my CHAIN HATERS out there....DON'T READ MY REVIEW! OK....I'm one of those "Chain" haters so sue me. BUT! I've got to tell you that THIS chain is A-OK! Why? Because their burgers are DARN TOOTIN GREAT....that's why!You know, upon thinking about it, you've got to believe that the reason a brand becomes a "chain" is because they have a pretty good product to being with, right? Think of The Cheesecake Factory. Yes, I'm a BIG FAN! Like I am with P.F. Changs, Five Guys Burgers. GREAT food and service (usually). So why not Smashburger? OK Smashburger, you WIN!Had their "Big" Mushroom Truffle Burger on an Egg Bun. Added bacon and grilled onions. MAN was this ever a SLOPPY burger....just the way I like them! Very juicy and very "BEEFY" meaning, plenty of FAT and not lean. Hey if I wanted lean I'd eat Chicken Breast, right? No Sirloin Burgers here....must be Chuck or something like that. Nevertheless, it really was great!Oh, their fries are parmesean herb shoestrings which were REALLY good! I love shoestrings because they remain crispy, and the flavor that Smashburger imparts on them are really great!Overall a 4.37 STAR experience! I just wish that they'd offer a Double Burger for us true Meat-a-tarians!
5	The first time my wife and I "experimented" with Smashburgers, we were smitten. Now we eat there at least once/week and sometimes more often. They work hard at pleasing the customer and don't hesitate to change a badly made order (by the customer). But better yet, we love the food - the salads, the chicken sandwich, the Brunswick stew, the veggies sides, the sweet potato fries and the drink machine. We love it! I hope you will too!
