1	This place is a freaking joke. Expect an overcrowded waiting room and at minimum an hour wait. They see children but there is nothing in the waiting room to entertain them so they are all screaming and crying. There's not even room for a stroller. Horrible, horrible experience!
4	Dr Taffet did an outstanding job with my nasel surgery, His staff was as nice as can be and extremly helpful. I will never see anyone else.
1	Terrible service!  These people not only lost my grandmother's medical record but also treated us so disrespectfully.  They were trying to perform the same test on her twice in one week because they did not know where they had left the records for the first test.  When we asked them to check their records they treated us like we did not know what we were talking about, very dismissive.  Would not schedule here again...
1	They run this practice like thieves.  Go elsewhere for an ENT.  Find an ENT office that will explain what "procedure" you are going through before they do it to you.   Office staff is rude. The wait in the office was long and the phone call hold time is usually more than 16 minutes (average of my 4 cell phone calls). I was referred to an ENT for possible sinus thickening that was found as a result of an MRI for migraines.  I randomly chose Dr. Taffet due to his proximity to my office and his practice being in my insurance's preferred network.  After waiting 45 minutes past my appointment time, I was ushered into a room and the Medical Assistant sprayed each nostril with a spray, seemingly no different than I had used for sinus problems in the past.  She informed me the spray would numb my sinuses, so that the doctor would look in my nose. Shortly thereafter the doctor came in and listened to my five-minute verbal history of my sinus and headache issues and to find out why I was referred to an ENT.   He then took a long scope and looked into each nostril for literally one to two seconds per nostril. This procedure seemed no different than going to every other doctor's appointment where they use a light to evaluate eyes, ears, and nose, but this was with a longer "scope" for the nose than I was familiar with.  After this quick "scope" Dr. Taffet and asked me to have a CT since he could not fully assess my sinus issues without a CT.  When I asked why the MRI I had already received was not adequate, the Doctor said not good enough because it did not show the tissue he needed to assess.I went for a CT for my sinuses and willingly paid the $75 co-pay.   I picked up my scans a few days later to return for my appointment where the doctor could tell me what was needed because I essentially learned nothing from my initial visit.    This appointment was later cancelled for the following reason:Before my next appointment with Dr. Taffet, I was billed for a "surgery" at his office.  I thought there was a billing mistake, so I called the office to find out what occurred.  The medical billing office informed me that the "nasal endoscope" during my initial office consultation was a SURGICAL DEVICE, and therefore I was billed for a surgical procedure.  I informed her that I was not informed of a surgical procedure upon my initial consultation.  She told me that 9 out of 10 people that walk in the door are scoped.  I asked her if they were ever informed this would happen on their first visit.  She said, "No, but they are all billed as surgery."  I was stunned that other people were not shocked with this change and calling to question the billing office.  She tried to explain, "Surgery can be charged when any device enters your body cavity, such as your nose."  As a non-medical-biller myself, the logic seems flawed because my doctors have never charged me for surgery to look in my ears, nose, or throat.   Nor has any gynecologist charged me a surgical co-pay for a PAP smear, which is far more invasive.   Based on this logic, most doctor visits would be able to charge you for surgery.  My surgery co-pay is $150.  I was with the doctor for approximately six minutes and was NEVER TOLD I was to undergo a surgical procedure.  Having been properly informed, I would have declined this "surgery," ESPECIALLY before having had my CTs evaluated.   Since the billing was not erroneous, I filed a complaint with my insurance.  They investigated it through their management and I can do nothing else through them.  After speaking to Dr. Taffet's office manager, Judy, she was unwavering and has been unwilling to change their policy (or my billing) of informing vast majority that their first visit will be a surgical co-pay ($150) instead of a specialist ($35) co-pay.  I have Blue Cross Blue Shield, am a knowledgeable person, and am very aware of my co-payment plan.
1	This office is only to see the max number of patients not to improve people's quality of health. I went to the office and was told my appointment was actually at the Glendale office (I had been seen before in the Phoenix office..dont know why I would then select Glendale?). I was told that the two doctors who work out of the phoenix office do not share patients. I would need to come back in 2 week. Dr. Charous is in and out of the room faster than i could blink. Go some where else!
2	I have to agree with L.K. (review below this). Dr. Taffet was a nice guy, but I'm sorry when I get a bill for $450.00 in the mail for a getting my sinus' scoped (literally the scope took 5-10 seconds) I was in tears on the phone confused and frustrated!!! BEWARE if you go to this office - If they scope you, you're paying $$$
5	Dr Taffet is awesome., great surgeon.  The exam office is lacking but sufficient and saves money.  I don't know About prices because of Insurance and I don't care.  Who cares about the rest as long as the doctor is competent!
5	I have always had a stellar experience with Biltmore. Dr. Taffett is an exceptional doctor, and I credit him for vastly improving my health by removing my tonsils. It was a great experience for surgery, and I am finally not sick all the time. He also treats my son for ear infections and did an exceptional job with his tube surgery. We will continue to rely on him for his high standard of care. As for wait times, they have been typical for any doctors office. A++ do recommend!
4	Dr.  Charous is worth the wait to see him.  I have serious and bad sinus issues for years.  I have already had 3 surgeries with a previous Dr., so I came here for a 2nd option.  I didn't want another surgery!  It sucks!!!  So Dr. Charous was 30 mins for our appt, but he did take his time to review my records and listen to me.  We were both on the same page of putting surgery as a last resort.  So we tried pills, breathing treatments, test, etc. for 4 months.  He was out of options, so #4 surgery was on the table again.  Did the surgery!  Recovered and moving forward with treatments to prevent my allergies from flaring up to cause my sinuses to go crazies!  So I am on drops for about a year now, and I am feel super!  I was only down with a cold since August 2012 to today 8/10/13 (Normal my colds or flu turned into walking pneumonia or bronchitis - yeah that was my 2011 & 2012) .  I have had a year of feeling like a human, no more lugging around tissue boxes.  I still have several more drop treatments, but if year #1 is so good then bring it!  I can enjoy life and be more active again.Yes, the con is the doctors are always running later on appt time.
5	The waits are always long. My appointment usually ends up being an hour after it was scheduled, but it is worth it for Dr. Taffett. That man is thorough and good at his job. He was voted one of Phoenix's best doctors! He's performed two surgeries on me and did a great job. I trust this guy for when I go under the knife (I still won't let you have my tonsils, Dr. Taffett!). He's to the point when he talks, so don't expect no bedside manner. Good doctor.
1	Dr taffet is a good dr!! But!!! his staff are idiots,, especialy Brenda she is the fat bitch that has a power trip and the dr says he cares but lets the practice go down and it it sucking cause of brenda. Judy is the main manager but Brenda says she got her in her pocket. she is disrespectful , fat, dumb, she is the only reason this practice is going down! everyone else is great, she is anchorage and this company will continue to fall until they fire that wacko surgery scheduler
