5	Very good dental office.  Longtime staff.  A good sign.  Front desk friendly.Most services available.Dr Crowley personable and sensitive to patient.  No pain.  Anxiety management very good.Excellent hygienists.I personally have been a patient five years.
5	Excellent dentist.  Dr. Crowley did my veneers.  I had consultations with a dozen dentists before I saw a portfolio that exemplified the detail and perfection I was looking for and Dr. Crowley was that one.  Not only is his office staff absolutely wonderful, but Dr. Crowley is nothing less that genuine and caring and I trust him 100 percent.  My teeth turned out perfect- just like I wanted them to- and nobody can ever tell I even have veneers.  They always just think I'm super lucky to have such beautiful teeth!  I've seen other people with veeneers and you can immediately how obvious they are- but not with Dr. Crowley's work. I am as picky as it gets with dentists and I would recommend him in a heartbeat.
1	This Dentist uses a terrible lab that uses substandard products.  The lab tech is blind and cannot see the difference between white and yellow.  I had caps on all my front teeth that looked beautiful for 20 years.  Dr. Crowley replaced all and said they would be beautiful.  They were YELLOW, too small and crooked on the bottom.  So bad they needed to be taken out and redone.  This time they were whiter but smaller again.After 1 year a front cap broke and had to be replaced by another dentist, two years later another left front cap broke off the entire tooth and I had to get a post and have had constant problems with that tooth.   Five years later a front right tooth chipped, and six years later the other front cap broke off the entire tooth!!   Never have I experienced such dreadful dental work and poor quality caps.  Don't have any cosmetic work done here!  I went to them with the first problem asking for another lab to do the work - but they declined and wanted me to pay to repair.  Their Lab should be shut down for substandard products and lab techs.  Very poor - ruined my teeth and smile.
5	Just for the record, I had my veneers done in 2008 and have never had any problems with them.  I thought their lab did a great job- in fact, when I needed a flipper for some other unrelated dental issues they even sent me to the lab a couple of times to work directly with the technicians and make it perfect for me. The lab guy was able to match the color of the flipper to the veneers just right and he really paid attention to detail as far as matching the exact shape to my other veneers.  I was really happy with their work and thought they were really caring and accommodating.
5	Dr. Crowley and his staff are amazing! Everyone there has been with the practice for years which says a lot! Dr. Crowley was very patient, nice and informative when meeting with me. Joan was the nicest hygienist I've ever had! She took time explaining what she was doing and looking for and instead of lecturing me to floss more, she explained the whys behind flossing and showed me how to properly floss. It's hard to find a dentistry practice you can trust in Vegas but I've finally found them! And I have lots of friends and coworkers that see Dr. Crowley too!
5	I have been going to Dr. Crowley for years and he is just superb. I have gone to many other dentists and he is by far the best. Once I became his patient, I looked no further. He is thorough, yet gentle. He tells you honestly whether you need a service or not - there is never any sales push and I appreciate that. His hygienist, Bridget, is awesome too :)
