5	What a great place. As first-time tourists, my wife and I wanted to explore the city. We saw this strip of road (called "The Strip", coincidentally) and decided we'd stop and see what's cooking inside this indoor "Pittsburgh Public market". Walking in, it looks like your typical small public market but as you walk to each and every stand, you can't help but be impressed by the variety and quality of the local stuff sold here. Teas, ciders, fudge, cheesecake (pumpkin pie cheesecake is quite tasty), quality meats and charcuterie, and even a brewery in the corner. But our favorite had to be the flavored marshmallow stand! How original and why hasn't anyone thought of it before!We heard this had just opened a few months back and I'd have to say: Good job Pittsburgh, it's a great place. Keep the spirit like it is, with such friendly and motivated local vendors. They truly deserve your business.
5	The Public Market is still better in concept than in practice, but they have a pretty solid footing now, less than 6 months after opening their doors.What you have here is an indoor, year-round place for some thirty-odd vendors -- mostly local artisans, farmers, and other small entrepreneurs -- to hawk their wares. Some of these little businesses will fail, and others might grow enough to leave the Public Market, but what's really important is that these booths are compelling enough to offer and keep a steady stream of traffic to these local businesses.Much of this stuff can be bought elsewhere, and a lot of it can be bought at other places in the Strip (teas, cider, meats, fudge, bread). But a lot of these places are unique too. I'm really impressed by what Crested Duck Charcuterie offers. And putting an East End Brewery booth in here has to help everyone, since it's the only place in the area to get a growler fill. That's worth the price of admission alone.My only other thought is that as long as all the booths aren't yet being used, they should put some tables and chairs in here to encourage people to come on an empty stomach. No stomach would leave empty, that's for sure.
3	I was really excited for the opening but was slightly disappointed. I hope it expands and becomes more of a marketplace. I'm still hopeful.
5	Pittsburgh Public Market is quickly becoming Pittsburgh's source for all that is local. Even in the winter the place is bustling on the weekends, selling all kinds of locally made wares.My favorite booth, and the one you see first when entering, is Crested Duck Charcuterie. They sell all kinds of handmade cured meats, cheeses and sausages. I picked up a pound of their REAL (that means no dyes or artificialness) hickory smoked bacon. I told the man behind the counter to slice it as thick as is appropriate for bacon and what I got was so far beyond anything you could buy in a grocery store. It was delicious.Grass fed beef, eggs from free range hens--it's all here. In fact, there's a lot here that you aren't looking for, and just kind of stumble into such as Kombucha. It caught my eye and when the woman behind the counter explained what it was, I had to have it. Essentially, it's a fermented tea drink that's someone between tea, wine and beer.Homemade pierogies are sold at the far wall and the lady will practically toss a sample into your hands. They're crispy and delicate, a far cry from the frozen variety you buy from Giant Eagle.If you have a sweet tooth, you'll have a hard time deciding where to sooth it. There are at least three booths selling some incredibly tasty looking baked goods.As I said earlier, I can't wait to see this place in the summer when it's harvesting time and I can't wait to go back for some eggs and meat from a town I can actually drive to!
4	I was surprised that the Public Market wasn't that busy on a Sunday morning. It's a shame that it can be overlooked by people visiting the Strip, though I do like that it's much calmer than the zoo that is Penn Ave on the Strip on the weekends. Some of the vendors are establishments familiar to Pittsburghers, like East End Brewing (awesome!), Fudgie Wudgie, and La Prima Espresso. Other stands are less familiar or are relatively new businesses, but their wares are still worth a look. I especially enjoyed the Pittsburgh Marshmallow Factory's stand (see my separate review). You can also get plants, wine, pierogies, specialty dog treats, baklava, Cornish pasties, olive oil, pasta, and much more.The place still feels new and there are gaps where there feels like there should be more vendors, but this place is really promising. There's also a little area where you can sit down and eat if you can't wait to dig into some of your yummy purchases.
4	I've been hearing for a while what an amazing thing this is for the city, but I didn't fully realize WHY until I stepped into the market.  It may be small at this point, but it's packed with incredible vendors already!I NEEDED to head straight to the Pittsburgh Marshmallow Factory booth because I heard so many good things already.  I was practically running there....thank god no one was hurt!  I had to scoop up the S'Mores marshmallow and purchased a couple more different flavors to try.  I tried the S'Mores and it was fantastic, the marshmallow was nice and fluffy with chocolate and a cookie underneath.  I have no worries the rest will be just as delish!I also knew I had to stop at the Tupelo Honey Teas.  I'm obsessed with tea's, especially Chai teas.  I bought the Coconut Chai, the perfect combination since I've also been obsessed with coconut recently.  There's a lot of other teas I spied that I'd like to come back and buy!  Another time...for sure!I saw a ton of stands I'd like to check out like the East End Brewing Company, Baklava Company, Mushroom for Life and Kahila's Island Taste.  Honestly, if I hadn't stuffed myself with Pamela's Tex Mex omelet beforehand, I could have eaten my way through this place.  I love eating my way through places, so this will most definitely happen soon!For a small market, there's a lot of businesses packed in.  I was a little rushed, so I need to have a little more time to devote to looking around, but I will MOST DEFINITELY be back.  I know they're working on growing things there so right now it has to be small.  But they have a lot of room to expand.  I also know they're only open 3 days on the weekend right now, but I'm sure that will change with growth and business.  Keep it going strong by visiting, you won't be disappointed!Hours:Friday 10am-6pmSaturday 9am-5pmSunday 10am-4pm
5	The city so needed the Public Market - there are lots of great vendors and now that the local farmers are back for the summer it's even better. Plus you've got to love the idea of a small retail business incubator that can help bring more new and exciting businesses to life in Pittsburgh.
3	Trying to find the entrance to this place somewhere along an endless loading dock, we asked a local.  "Are you from out of town?" he asked.  Yup.  He said, "Keep moving.  If you've been to any other public market in any other town, this one's a bust."  Harsh.  And not entirely true.  I both really liked and was slightly disappointed by the Pittsburgh Public Market.  I liked that the vendors who are here, for the most part, are excellent.  Pittsburgh Marshmallow Factory, Cosimano e Ferrari infused olive oils and specialty balsamics, The Berry Patch jams and jellies, Crested Duck Charcuterie...and, best of all, East End Brewing Company.  Husband and I paid a *buck* each for 4 oz samples all four beers currently on tap: Monkey Boy Hefeweisen, Big Hop IPA, Black Strap stout, and Pedal Pale Ale.  But when I think "market," I always envision fresh produce, and lots of it.  There was a serious dearth of vendors selling fruits and veggies, which is really where most of my disappointment came from.  Otherwise tho, this little market is a great way to pass a bit of time and to get familiar with some local Pittsburgh businesses.
2	There are little to no vendors here! Based on the reviews, I came with high expectations and was quite disappointed with the outcome. I don't want to be critical but honestly there were only 5 vendors that were selling anything of interest and rest was pretty much junk. If you compare it to public markets in other cities, you would think this is pretty crappy as well. The only meat vendor was charging a arm and a leg for something I can get down the street (Parma) for half the price and a fresher looking product.
5	It's hard to rate a place like the ppm, it's seriously a lot of different vendors all in one place. It's bound to have flaws that have nothing to do with the idea as a whole and more to do with the individual stands. So, here are two reviews: Firstly, as a public market. It's clean, well lit, open on nice days, temperature controlled on days that are not so nice, free parking on the weekends, most the stands are full all the time, and it's always getting better.Secondly, as a narrative - of sorts. Every time I go into the ppm, I take a quick look at Sustenance bakery, they're an awesome little operation I first found in little single serve pouches available at 21st coffee and Voluto coffee, but with ppm they have their own little shop front, with more options and less coffee (unless you count, La Prima, which I don't). I don't pick anything up from Sustenance until I'm on my way out, but it's good to get a glimpse. I've only been a few times since they opened the library outpost and I haven't done anything expect see what's on the shelves, but it looks appealing and as a mechanism for moving the library model into the 21st century it seems like a great idea.The first aisle is worth walking down just for the marshmallow folks, because who doesn't appreciate a good marshmallow? In the same aisle is a meat stand, Crested Duck, they have a lot of expensive stuffs that are totally worth the price, so if you can find it in your budget, try something.Following that is the guy trying to make me eat british food, I'm not sure how this stand exists, but to each his own I suppose. The quiet storm used to have a little booth at the end, but that disappeared, which makes sense as I never thought anything looked worth purchasing. On the weekends there are some great little produce booths at the other end from the front doors.The second aisle is pretty lame, I just walk past the beads, indian grocer, and olive oils, down to Clarion River Organics. If you've lived in Pittsburgh for more than a month, then you know they're a coop of organic producers putting out high quality stuff on a regional scale. It's nice to find them here, but you can also get their produce at other markets in the city. Then past La Prima, because the coffee is sad and you're likely to be bothered to try a sample of fudge from the man behind you, if you stand there too long. At the end of the third aisle there's a booth with fresh mushrooms and ramps, can't beat the prices and quality. The final aisle has an East End Brewery Growler filling station and the booth selling frozen pierogi, both of which are okay for getting something for dinner. The booth in the back selling baklava used to be amazing the first couple of weeks, but then everything started going downhill, I don't even stop there anymore. Then back to Sustenance before leaving. There are more stands than those I mentioned, I just didn't think they were worth mentioning. It all boils down to this: it's worth your time to do some shopping here, but it's not 100% awesome.
4	Like others who have submitted their feedback for the Pittsburgh Public Market, I had been hearing good things for awhile for this relatively new endeavour that went up in the Strip District. I started to feel like a horrible resident of the city for not checking it out myself, so I made plans for the classic, Pittsburgh Saturday morning--a stroll in the Strip District--to get a chance to see for myself. I took along my husband, some friends, and my parents for the trial run and all agreed that it was a great experience.I was completely delighted with the public market from start to finish. There are a lot of great quality shops packed into this medium-sized market. The space is indoors, airy, and sunny (surprisingly so, since it is in one of the produce terminal stalls). I believe I stopped at almost every vendor there and the sellers were all so nice. Even though there were a lot of customers there, people were polite and the atmosphere was relaxed. It was a good way to wile the morning away, perusing the organic produce, homemade breads, specialty olive oils, hand crafted bath products, and beautiful baked tarts, amongst many other things. There are also great food vendors here, so you can get some lunch too. You can grab a coffee from the LaPrima stand and walk around or go to Soup Nancy's for grilled cheese and a handful of soup options, get fresh pierogies from Gosia's, order a Mediterranean salad (they also had wraps, but that salad looked divine), or even eat some Caribbean fare at Kahila's. Check their website for the most up-to-date merchant list to see what they have to offer. If you have guests in town and want to show them some of the cool, local things to do, this would be a perfect option for a way to spend a weekend morning.
3	Jist - Go if you are hungry and want a snack/meal; or specialty items that you are willing to pay more $$ forPeronsally - I dunno...from the outside I thought it would be really big..but it was kind of a let down. I mean definitely specialty foods kind of place so if that is what you are going there for then yeah you prob. be stoked. If you are thinking farmers market (cheap produce - then don't bother)I would prob. go back but on empty stomach to try more of the prepared foods. For me that means trying:*  greek food *  carribean/jamacian joint - they had ox tail & jerk chicken!* marshmallows* maybe swig of their specialty beerOnly thing we ended up buying were the homemade peroigies as we already had brunch so weren't hungry. And we really loved the peroigies.
4	I always like to come here on the weekends and browse.  I have to say that for the most part everything we have bought here has been put to good use. The goats milk feta is divine and pairs wonderfully with watermelon (this is an Israeli thing that is starting to happen more in the US), and the pierogies are both good there or made at home!The one product we were truly disappointed with was the pasta.  We cooked it to the exact specifications on the packaging and it still broke apart into a bunch of shards that were gummy.  We would not buy it again. This definitely isn't the largest market ever, but they have a good selection of a few different and specialty items that definitely make it worth the trip!
4	I think I have been to Pittsburgh at least 10 times and every time I come to town we make the trek down to the strip district on Sunday to browse all the shops. There are plenty of stores and stands and foods to choose from. I was surprised to see the amount of Pirate gear being hawked on the sidewalks usually no matter what time of the year it is it's all Steeler gear. I actually picked myself up a Roberto Clemente shirt to bring back to Chicago.I highly recommend the spice store, the coffee shop, and the doughnut shop as stops that need to be made. Also if you need anything Steeler this is the place to go.
4	This place put a huge smile on my face.  Nestled in an industrial area, within some rough looking loading docks are treasures that shouldn't be overlooked.  I'm not a local so I have no idea of it's beginnings or the direction it is heading, but I like what it was and see so much potential.  Quality artisinal meat products, gourmet marshmallows (ghost pepper marshmallow!), local brew, homemade cheesecakes from former NFL players (sweet potato cheesecake!), and they have a walk up pizza window outside.  Pittsburgh, really?  You guys are lucky.#fattyweekend
4	I can't believe it took me this long to visit the PPM. I've always been a fan of the Strip district and the PPM adds another must-hit destination for a Saturday in the strip.It is a collection of vendors - most are the small/med sized Pittsburgh businesses that don't have a full shop, but can run a solid operation out of a weekend stall.We visited for the first time when we were on an adventure to find the Pittsburgh Marshmellow company (awesome/amazing!). But while there we sampled tons of baked goods.  I wanted to buy pierogies and pick up a growler from East End - but I was running out of hands and time.And they have bathrooms!I will definitely make this a regular destination on the weekends!
3	We were in the Pittsburgh's Strip District and came across the Pittsburgh Public Market.  Little did we know, they were open on Fridays, Saturdays and Sundays.  We decided to check it out as admission was free.  It is located at the corner of 17th and Smallman, you will see a sign that says "Open - Pittsburgh Public Market".The market is a mixed of art & crafts, food and produce vendors.  More stuff to buy than eat unfortunately.  We got there it was the end of the day, there was not much activity or variety left.I recommend getting there early to more variety.  It is worth stopping by if you are in the Strip district on the days the market is open.
4	I really love the Public Market. Although there are many things they could improve upon. They have some excellent vendors...East End Brewing, gourmet marshmallows, baklava, pierogies...what more can you ask for? Plus great local crafts and handmade gifts. The vendors are a hoot too...super friendly and fun to talk with.Needs improvement: signage. You should be able to see this place from a mile away. Their signs are a bit too subtle, which is why so many people still don't know about this place or simply can't find it. Pump up the volume! Also, attendance. We went on a day there was a Steelers game at 1, so the Strip was relatively slow in general. We were disappointed to find that probably 1/3 to 1/2 the vendors weren't even there! I think the vendors who contract space here really should be required to be on site whenever the market is open barring an emergency.
4	I am quite a fan of the Public Market.  It's filled with booths from a variety of small local businesses.  It doesn't replace what's in the Strip, it just adds to what you can find.  Sometimes I forget that the apple guy is only there on Saturdays.  While that's disappointing, I completely understand.  He's a full time farmer.  It's one of my favorite things to buy, I think he has the best apples in Pittsburgh.
2	I've been wanting to check out the Public Market.  Having moved here recently, wanted to see a successful indoor farmer's market so I could pass on the news to my former hometown of Nashua, NH which is wanting an indoors market year round.Only, it wasn't what I expected.  I was dissapointed by the long warehouse on the outside.  Somehow, I thought it would be put to good use for the farmer's market on the inside.  Did I miss something?  Did I not see it all?  Cuz it seemed pithy and I felt gypped.  As in several examples of Farmer's Markets across the U,S, the term "Farmer's Market" conjures up fresh veggies and fruit at the very least.  But, what is usually the case, and true of this particular market is that there is little evidence of fresh produce and what was there didn't meet my criteria (i.e., a ripe tomato should be a ripe tomato, not just turning red for God's sake).  It is July.  Shouldn't I expect to see fruit and veggies?Yes, I did enjoy the baklava I ate and yes, I did purchase some tabooli (spelled varous ways) for later consumption.  But all in all?  I'd skip the market next trip to the Strip and check out other Farmer's Markets.P.S.  Someone messaged me to let me know the intent of the Public Market is not necessarily to be a Farmer's Market.  Fair enough but I have to say the connotation is there of a public market being a farmer's market, considering it's in a district that does have discount grocers and fruit and vegetables on display on the sidewalks.
5	If you haven't been here yet, you need to come down and see what's going on. If you haven't been here in a while, the same goes for you. Many new vendors, and all sorts of fun and interesting things to do at the Pittsburgh Public Market, and where else can you get a free healthy lunch ( you must register for this, happens on Fridays!)
3	I enjoyed the Pittsburgh Public Market, but I was expecting more.  There was a great variety of vendors - food, accessories, alcohol, flowers - I just expected that the area of the market would be larger seeing the long warehouse it was a part of.  I hope there are plans to expand in the future.They have live music on the weekends.  This can be a good or bad thing.  The time that I was there a community ensemble was performing.  I am a bit of a music snob being a performer myself, and I give people credit for trying, but listening to this group was somewhat painful.  I was talking to one of the vendors who said I should have been there the day before when they had an amazing jazz ensemble.  Oh well.  It is a nice touch to add to the local flair of the market.I went in looking for something to bring to a house party I was attending later that day and left with several bottles of wine, a growler of beer, a package of pierogis and flavored goat cheese.  For the party, I bought fresh made chips and salsa.    Highlights were me were East End Brewing Company, Glades Pike Winery and Mrs. Jones Sauce.Even though it is small, there are a lot of great vendors for the space.  I hope that it takes off and more vendors are added.
4	I really just go here for some east end brewery beer; however, there is a pretty good sauce guy just across from the tap and some pretty good food down that lane.  I also have tried some cheeses here.  Pretty good coffee.  Unfortunately, i am priced out for any of the trendy, organic vegetables.  The bathroom is ok.  Good to know there is another place to pee rather than McDonald's while in the Strip.
5	What a great idea.  I go here a lot of gifts for my wife as local artisans are here in abundance.  Also there is an apple guy who comes at certain times of year and they are great.  The farms that come often have some of the best meat I have ever tasted.Also, the bakery lady is phenominal.  The one right by the door.  Delicious.
4	After all my visits to The Strip I can't believe I hadn't known about this place! My friend took me here and I have to repay my thanks! This place is a mini market place filled with local produce, food, and products. The stands are filled with little goodies but be prepared to shell out a little more than you're used to.  Of course you're paying for the quality and supporting our local businesses so it's to a good cause! The area is pretty open, I just wish they had more vendors! I would love to see more of pittsburgh's local talent and businesses displayed here.
5	Great new location.  My favorite vendors include East End Brewing Company, The Soup Nancys, La Palapa Mexican food and Clarion River Organics.  These vendors match their amazing products with great personalities.
1	Let's be clear right up front; this grade is for the Market as a whole, not the individual vendors. East End Brewing, Caffe D'Amore, Crested Duck, these are all great, vital businesses.But the rest of the market is just a jumble of half-baked ideas. The old space was pretty but felt unfinished, so I was hopeful when they moved to a new space...sadly, it's even worse. The space has all the charm of a garage, and little is done to give it a market feeling. Also, the selection of vendors leans too heavily on pre-prepared foods and home goods. Why isn't the farmer's market at the firehouse part of this? Where are the local farmers with fresh produce? Other than picking up a growler from East End and a latte from Caffe D'Amore, why am I here?People give Cleveland a bad rap, but their West Side Market devastates this showing (Hell, it gives the whole Strip District a run for its money). With all of the abundant produce and farms in this, one of the most fertile regions in the county, it's sad that our public market is so disappointing.
4	It's a similar concept the the Chelsea Market in NYC. I liked the various artisan and food venders. PPM had a wood shop, florist, cured meats, exotic olive oils and vinegars, Lebanese food, beer from East End, clothing, baked goods, ceramics, novelty candles as well as a few other vendors. Overall, the goods were relatively expensive, but you are paying to support a local artisan.It looks the building is still being renovated. so I wouldn't be surprised to see more vendors. I like where PPM is headed.
5	I love the Pittsburgh Public Market!  Its a nice building they have many different vendors in there. Some that I like is the Olive Tap room, love all the different flavor olive oils and you can taste anything first to see if you like it.  I love Cafe D'More they make the best cafe mochas! We met some local farmers, like Freedom Farms in Butler I never heard of them before they have a market , bakery , sandwich shop. I'll have to go check there place out.  They have there own TV show called King Farms!
4	Absolutely love this place! Since the move parking has been hard to come by, but there are so many great vendors! Was here this past weekend and had a lot great stuff! As always the brewing company has some delicious beers! You know what goes really well with those beers? Pasta from the Ohio City Pasta station. We had spinach gnocchi with herb butter, leeks, bacon, and goat cheese. 4 minutes to an amazing pasta dish? I'll take it and now I can't wait to go back and buy more gnocchi. I can't wait to spend even more time here!
4	Just stopped in. Great place. But hidden away is a small  lebanese food stand. It's amazing! Nice older couple with just amazing food. Try it out!
3	My first visit to this new location was at the Burgh Bash, which by the way was amazing. With that experience in mind - we decided to stop by the following weekend. Half of the vendors were same as the Burgh Bash event but the other half was non-existent. No complains against the individual vendors but this place as a whole definitely needs to do something about the rest of the vacant space. It's highly under utilized especially for a strip district where retail space is hard to come by. This new location is definitely an upgrade from the old one but it still needs a lot of improvement when it comes to marketing and making this place more visible and perhaps a bit "lively". If it wasn't for the Burgh Bash event - I would probably never have stopped by again.
5	HOW HAVE I NEVER BEEN HERE BEFORE? Of all the times that I've gone shopping in the strip district, how have I never ventured down this far?Well, my eyes have now been opened. I will be coming here many more times in the future. I absolutely love some of these vendors, particularly Wheel & Wedge. I love my cheese. Oh and the Soup Nancys! And the awesome Lebanese place...So far, I've only been here during the Farm to Table Harvest tasting, so I probably should've waited to write this review until I go during regular business hours. But I just couldn't wait, I was too excited and I just know that I'm going to love it every bit as much even when there isn't an event. It was easy to tell which vendors are permanent and which were just there for the event, and the permanent establishments were by far my favorite. I absolutely love buying food. Grocery shopping day is seriously my favorite day of the week. I would rather shop for food than anything else. So going to the Pittsburgh Public market for me, is about as fun as shopping for a new tv or a wedding dress or something. Everywhere you look there's something different and exciting. The vendors are so friendly and so enthisiastic about their products that it kind of rubs off on you. And everything you sample tastes fantastic. It's like a dream!I have a strong feeling that this is going to be my new favorite place. :)
4	If you love diverse fresh local food then this is the place for you. I have been here twice now and each time I have been blown away by how amazing the offerings are. I really like Eliza's Oven. I mean come on desserts that have a verity of alcohol in them. You can't go wrong. Combine that with East End Brewing, Soup Nancy's, and La Palapa you have all the makings of one very delicious shopping trip. You can honestly feel thepassion from all the vendors. I love that they know what they're serving. They know the ingredients and speak to every aspect of the business. If you are like me and love shopping local then I recommend getting here now.
5	Pittsburgh has changed alot in the zillion years i've been living far away from home. I first hears of this place when this years yelp event was located here. My sister and I immediately fell in love. The following weekend, we came back to the strip for a visit. I like the community feel of the stalls. Fits in the strip district feel.You can even get bruton's milk here! I'm not a milk fan, but if you can score Bruton's chocolate milk... you MUST try! The dairy farm is about 10 minutes from my mom's house... and their chocolate milk is killer! When you enter the market, to the left is a wooden store (for lack of better words). Basically every product is made out of work. Everything inside is so beautiful and interesting. It's a great place to walk around and spend an hour or two!
