4	Hide your salt shakers... Its 5' 'oclock somewhere! Jimmy Buffet adds to the Parrot Head madness with addition of a casino at the Flamingo Hotel on the Las Vegas Strip. Right on the edge of the Margaritaville Cafe, you can now get your margarita with a side of roulette, blackjack or poker.  The casino is full of 'island girls' in bikinis serving cocktails, bartenders pouring shots and Jimmy Buffet blasting over the speakers. You will hear the local "Parrot Heads" singing along to the music whilst gambling in "One Particular Harbor". There's "No Passport Required" so give it a try and have a drink at the "5'0clock Somewhere Bar. Its a refreshing and fun addition to the Las Vegas Strip and to the Flamingo Hotel. Stop in and have a drink and play a hand.. If  you don't.. "it's your own damn fault"...
4	Definitely amazing food and drinks but good lord, I'm sure I'm not the only one upset about a 35.00 drink when the "blender" it came in was plastic and cost probably 5 cents to make.
5	This place is amazing! This casino is more than just gambling and drinking. The bartenders do tricks and entertain with every drink they make and the cocktail waitresses are in bikinis! The service is great and it  doesn't get any better than that! You're missing out if you dont check it out!
5	Very entertaining! Visited during the opening weekend so one side street was cordoned off for the grand opening. Dancing, music and the world's largest margarita was created at this event. Lots of energy in the crowd and I think it truly helped that the Jimmy Buffett concert was preceding this event.Inside the casino the gaming tables had Margaritaville motif and the dealers were really spirited and friendly. Everything seemed so colorful and festive and the Cocktail waitresses were dressed in bikinis..only in the Margaritaville casino.The fully stocked bars were large tiki bars and I enjoyed drinking landshark lagers at them. I couldn't believe some of the shots people were drinking...some beer bong style.Fins up I'm coming back....
4	So, the BFF and I came to Vegas in October for the Jimmy Buffet concert and were pleasantly surprised with not only the Margaritaville Casino but also a HUGE block party celebrating the grand opening! Score! It was packed with Parrot Heads and just a ton of fun! Coming back a few months later, it was still a blast. We grabbed a seat at the bar and had a killer time chatting up with the bartender and watching him do tricks while making our drinks. Tons of drinks to choose from, laid back island vibe which is a plus in Vegas! It took us back to our vacation in the Caribbean! We'll definitely be back.
5	The "whos to blame" is yummy and strong! the pink cadillac margarita is also good, not as strong but has more of a sweet taste to it
5	I DON'T GAMBLE! Well, only when I'm at Margaritaville casino. Smoke was very low and if you go before 5 or 6 pm there's not a lot of people and since it's a small place you don't hear those bells bouncing off the walls.
4	Not sure how long this place has been around but just noticed it my last visit to Vegas. The dealers are great, some are boring but in general they like to have fun. The drink service is great here too, good luck keeping up with them. I just wish they made better drinks. Good place to go and spend some time gambling and having a few drinks.
4	Played Pai Gow poker for about 4 hours here. I enjoyed the music and the cute cocktail waitresses were very prompt with our drinks. This is a nice little annex of the Flamingo. This only bummer was the LONG walk to a bathrooms in the Margaritaville restaurant or in the Flamingo.
4	Great atmosphere! Extremely entertaining casino! The bartenders and the dealers had great attitudes and were there to make sure you had a good time as well. Definitely recommend one of those margarita blenders. :) If you're a parrot head then definitely make a stop at the Margaritaville casino!!
5	The wizard lured me in. The wonderful wizard Oz, that is!Margaritaville is a good addition to the Strip. I like going to the Flamingo and this is definitely a nice extension. I love how smoke-free this place is and there's not a lot of people. I hope I didn't just jinxed it by mentioning that. I like going early, as in, before breakfast early so your experience may vary.Everything is so bright and cheery and just makes me wanna keep drinking margaritas. After all, it's five o' clock somewhere!
5	I am so in love with this casino!  It was by far my favorite one. As soon as you walk in the music, lighting, and atmosphere just swallow you up and you feel so relaxed! It's not just a themed casino it goes beyond that and it actually changes your mood to walk in here. The daiquiris & margaritas were delicious (I liked the mango one!) and the dealers were the coolest that I encountered my whole trip! They taught me how to play a few table games and were more than willing to help me if I had any questions with it. They were actually the ones offering to teach me (and I know what you're thinking, but I actually ended up winning from it!).  I'm glad that I stopped in here and it is definitely my favorite place!
5	Ok. I'm tempted to tell y'all this place sucks and stay away at all costs. Then, it will continue as an undiscovered oasis of friendly staff, rapid free drink service, good times, and low table limits. Really. Don't come here. Please. All right, I can't do it. The first time we popped in here, we were stunned by a pit boss who joked around with our table, made a bet for us when we stepped away, and just was so positively and enthusiastically in to making the experience fun. The dealers were the same in terms of dancing while they dealt, joking around, rooting for the players, and just having fun!  We didn't leave until the sun came up but, hey, it's Vegas. They don't have clocks and I don't wear a watch...
4	I really enjoy the atmosphere here at Margaritaville... It has the feel of a laid back, tropical, relaxing place... much like back home, except you can gamble! It's nice to walk into this casino, right from the strip and it's searing heat, have a cold beer and hit the crap tables! Then, if you aren't having any luck on the tables, you can always sit at the bar, strike up a conversation with the friendly bartenders and play your favorite video poker games! Friendly staff and you feel comfortable here, not like you're not wanted if you don't gamble. I'm coming back next trip!!
5	It's offiical, I have a new favorite destination in Las Vagas!The atmosphere at Margatiaville was different than the other casinos on the strip.  Most casinos are dimly lit with dull colors.  Margaritaville was appointed with bright colors, island style, and there is plenty of natural light coming through the doors.  Natuarlly there was lots of Jimmy Buffett music played, but there was also a nice selction of feel good music.  The dealers I encountered (I only play craps) were the friendliest I had ever met and I have been to more than a few tables in my life.My only complaint is that it is too small.  If you are a slot player, I doesn't really matter since there is a decent selection of the newest, most popular machines on the strip.  But, if you like table games, you may be disappointed that they have but one craps and one roulette table.  There were, however, several blackjack tables, if that is your cup of tea.I was in Las Vegas for four days, once I dsicovered the Margaritiaville Casino, I didn't play anywhere else.
4	This review is really for the Tiki Hut which is located in the Northwest corner of the Margaritaville Casino.  Great service, friendly servers and overpriced drinks.  The last part goes without saying in Vegas so you just have to expect that.  With that being said, drinks had a good pour and more alcohol than mix.Found this little gem while walking by and surprisingly the door we went in, it wasn't too busy.  We got our drinks quickly and off we went!  Now please don't get me wrong because I actually am a Jimmy Buffett fan.  Is it my imagination or do they only blare Margaritaville over the speakers.  Each time we walked I swear that song was playing.  With that said, I have to knock it down a star because I am still humming that song.Would someone help him find his lost shaker of salt??
4	This place is fun!I love how they have converted and renovated this place to be a nice new casino. It's attached right next to the Flamingo and in a great spot on the strip. When I was staying at the Flamingo for a convention recently I was able to drop in a few times to check it out and play some blackjack. Ended up having a great time! Friendly dealers and bartenders. $5 and $10 blackjack tables! Low table limits! The whole place feels upbeat and had terrific rock music playing along with the prerequisite Jimmy Buffet tunes. When I was walking through it seemed so laid back, with a tropical decor, bright colors, cheery, chill and relaxing. Seemed everyone who worked there said hello and had a smile on their face. Had no problem getting drinks as cocktail waitresses were always coming by and they are served up by cuties in bikinis! Even the crowd gambling here seemed more happy than at other casinos.One thing I did notice is that this casino is on the smaller side, with a nice selection of the newest slot machines to go along with the standard table games, but not that many of them. It's a great spot to drop in to have a few drinks, gamble a bit, and begin your night of carousing. They even still have the outside balcony area overlooking the strip that you can drink on and people watch and make catcalls to the sexy ladies and gents passing by. Even if you are a parrot head or not then definitely check this place out if in Vegas.  The Margaritaville Casino is a fun time!
5	Laid back, right off the strip, and the machines and drinks were winners. Staff was friendly and attentive and the music was happy and mellow.dp
4	Located right next to Flamingo is this itty bitty casino. Its still a part of Flamingo, as they take Total Rewards Card and you can cash your chips and tickets at Flamingo.  You do get a special TR card from Margaritaville.
4	Had a great time at the Margaritaville Casino inside the Flamingo, mostly due to our cocktail waitress, Melissa!  This was the most attentive and friendly cocktail service we had on the casino floor anywhere in Vegas!  Thanks much, Melissa, I hope they keep you happy there so we'll see you again next time!
5	Had great service at both the restaurant and store at Margaritaville last week. Glenn was great, provided such a personal level of service.  We are visiting Las Vegas in a near future and our first stop most definitely be at your store.Your professionalism was very well appreciated.Sincerely, Oscar Dawson and family.
4	margaritas were awesome! Danielle hooked it up!
4	Love this place! We went on out last trip to Vegas in May 2012. Nice open atmosphere near the table games (they leave the doors open, so you get nice fresh air.) The dealers were great, very friendly and helpful. I was still pretty new to the game of craps when we went but they had no problem showing me the game, helping me out, and joking around. Really quick drink service too. The 5 o'clock somewhere bar was great. They have a "reverse happy hour" which was really cool. We had trouble adjusting to the time zone change (we're from the east coast) so we'd wake up every morning at 4 or 5am! We'd just head down to the bar, get some $5 margaritas during happy hour, and play some craps before the table got too busy. It was great! The only reason I didn't give it 5 stars was because of the lack of the type of table games I like. It looked like they had plenty of blackjack tables, but only 1 roulette table and 1 craps table. There were a few times when I wanted to play but couldn't because the ONE table was full. Still, it was a great time. We'll be back to Vegas in May 2013 for our honeymoon and plan to stay at the Flamingo so we can spend more time at the Margaritaville casino and 5 o'clock somewhere bar!  :)
5	What a sweet bartender, so funny. I love it. The margaritas were delicious. Pretty pricy but so is everything else. It's still alright.
5	This place is awesome! It's small but cozy and they have all the newer slot machines and some old favorites. The cocktail servers are prompt and friendly. The machines seemed to be a bit looser here. Almost every game I played, I won something! I had so much fun here during the Labor day weekend. I even participated in the trivia game and won a Jimmy Buffett live concert Blu-Ray! So much fun, love the atmosphere. They play great tunes. This will definitely be my new go-to casino!
5	If you know me, you know I was in heaven!  I am a parrothead and a Jimmy Buffett fanatic.The Margaritaville Casino delivers on all the things any landshark or parrot head is looking for. Island theme, hard boat drinks and for the adventurous pirate... High stakes black jack!!!Ok truth be told the bar is a little pricey for the bevvies but the place delivers on the lifestyle and experience that Jimmy Buffett is selling.  I recommend if you are looking for some lower limits go early in the day.  They often have lower limit tables earlier in the day.  On more than one occasion I have been playing a $5 black jack table around the time they are raising the limit.  They are very nice and let everyone at the table know they can keep playing at the lower limit for a certain amount of time.  I've always had a great time here and strongly recommend hitting it up.  At the bar try the Bama Breeze.  It's not on all the bar menus, but they know how to make it because the restaurant next door serves them and they are soooo delicious!
4	The middle of the strip...do I need to say more? Well I can't say I won much money here as I normally do much better across the street. But there is tons of great eats, people to watch, and things to do.
5	Great food, great atmosphere! It's a party on the beach all day, everyday! :)
4	Unfortunately, I didn't spend a lot of time here.  It was the best part of my stay at the Flamingo. Nice staff, Fun machines Good Drinks! What more could you want from a Casino? I can think of one thing. Next visit maybe I'll win some money!
5	Finally went in at night and guess what? Got carded! LOL security told my friend and I that we look under 18. Say what? Anyways, total night and day difference. It's more happening at night of course. And cocktail service was on point. Definitely like the vibe here. Looking forward to coming back again :D
3	The wife and I accidently walked into this casino from the Flamingo and it isn't very big but the one thing that I did notice was the cocktail service was very efficient.  Though the drinks themselves were extremely weak.  And for That Margaritaville I give you three stars!
2	Meh....used to be great but this time the bartenders were so focused on being showoff cheeseballs they took forever to make drinks. The bar stunk like stale beer so we sat outside, the music was great as was the people watching from the patio...but the pina oladas were just thick sweet syrup, no frozen? The margs were super sour an had little tequila....it was fun but when I look back, not really that great.
4	It was a fun place to play blackjack. I would go back again.
5	Die besten Margheritas in Las Vegas. Man sollte die Perfect Margherita probieren. Einfach genial. Alle Speisen sind sehr schmackhaft und nicht teuer. Sehr nettes Personal. Abends geht die Post ab
5	get some!!
4	I know it sounds crazy to go to Vegas when you are a one trick pony gambler and not a very fancy one at that... Keno is our game. It is low risk if you know how to play and I not too many casinos have it anymore. We were so happy to find the Flamingo had great big leather seats with high backs to kick back and play. They do close at 10pm though, which forced us over to Bally's to finish playing, but that was okay, we enjoyed what we could while there.
3	Cool little casino, part of the Flamingo, even tho I lost on craps.
5	Being a die hard Parrothead and coming to Vegas for the sole reason of staying and drinking/gambling at the Flamingo and Margaritaville, it was awesome to see the new Margaritaville Casino addition past the restaurant.  Of course, for suckers like me who's blood flows like hot Volcano Nacho lava, I was assured I was going to win at the Margaritaville Casino because of all the Margaritaville/Buffett references and memorabilia.  So, I threw down $20 on the roulette table and won about $130 and I was convinced that Jimmy Buffett is indeed a holy man.  You'd have to be a parrothead to believe that so don't ask.  But anyways, I lost it all right away again and decided to sit at the outside bar attached to the casino and drink the "Who's To Blame" margaritas and just watch other people gamble and walk down the strip.  Anyways, awesome little addition to Margaritaville Las Vegas.
4	Yup, this place is good.  Great wait staff and great food.  Just go and enjoy!
5	Food was good.  The waitress was awesome!  And live music.  What more can you ask for.
4	Margarita ville casino is a fun little area between Margarita ville restaurant and the Flamingo casino. It's color, decor, and music all staying within the theme. At night they a go-go dancer in the middle of the table games. Nnice little touch, but the dancers can't dance. The dealers I found to be good to talk to; most of them are good. You'll enjoy the carribean flavor.
3	The margaritas sure do pack a punch! That's what you want - right? It sure is nice to have a frozen drink in the Vegas heat at Margaritaville. The outdoor patio with water misters and umbrellas is a nice place to hang out and watch the craziness of The Strip pass you by.Also enjoyable is the inside Tiki bar with lots of sitting room and plenty of games close at hand. The theme of this joint is perfect for Vegas. May as well stop in and have a marg just to say you did.I was a bit put off by the fact that I had to wander through the Flamingo to find the rest rooms but it was a good walk which burned off some of the booze. It's not inexpensive for a marg but it's well worth the money.The gambling seemed decent but I was more in the mood to hang out here on my last visit. It's a great place to kill time with some strong drinks. Not once did I hear Jimmy Buffet which was a gift and a disappointment. Next time...maybe.
4	Sat at the bar and watched Danilo Oribe give a nice bottle juggle show! I don't know what the art of his act is called but it was super cool! He was twirling bottles, tossing and catching them, and not spilling anythingHe was also a really nice guy
4	DRINKS ARE SO STRONG and worth it! Service was fast and our server was very helpful! Great spot to stop while walking the strip and need a refill!
5	Breakfast here was very good. Our waitress was great. We saw people having a couple of drink at 9am but I just needed coffee but overall great place. Drinks are kinda pricey but where can you find a cheap drink on the strip.....
5	Awesome, smells like sun tan lotion. Mad fun. Dealers are great. Bar tenders are slow but nice and got great tricks.
4	We have been here a few times, mainly to sit upstairs over looking the strip. That wasn't an option this time as it was closed the couple times we tried to go. We sat down stairs instead and the food was good, drinks were good and waitress was very good. The only thing I don't like is they don't play enough Buffet. They do play country and some Buffet (sounds like the Buffet Pandora station) but its maybe 5-10% Buffet at most.
3	During our casino hoping we found ourselves inside of the hellish world of a Jimmy Buffet themed part of the Flamingo Hotel and Casino. The interior and theme is embracing the beach lifestyle but seems too basic and boring in a city such as Las Vegas to be worthy of making this a destination spot. There are a handful of tables and machines in this section including a margarita bar good for catching a drink during the game. Waitress service was decent and took care of us throughout the time we were there. 3 stars - there are better experiences to see during your stay.
3	Please don't be an idiot. Of course Margaritaville is hella casual- don't compare it to the higher end casinos because that's obviously not what they are going for as a concept! Craps is a good time at Margaritaville- $5 minimum during the day and the dealers are all chill.
5	Why 5 stars?Because I stayed at the Flamingo during the week, I love table games, and Margaritaville was a middle-class paradise.There are a lot "neater" casinos on the strip but I would come back to stay at this place in a heartbeat. There is the regular casino part of the Flamingo and then there is a small area tucked in the back known as Margaritaville. There's one craps table and 5-6 blackjack tables with a $5 min at certain times. Because its a smaller separate part of the flamingo its less busy during the week, the dealers are super friendly and the waitresses are on top of it. I came to Vegas with the idea I wanted to explore as much as possible but I found myself constantly coming back to Margaritaville for the laid back friendly atmosphere.
4	Get the perfect margarita. Strongest margarita and most tasty that you will have. When ordering the nachos: Get extra cheese! Gotta get the nachos.
4	Great music! Good cover bands! I have too many good memories here! Haha but it would have been 5stars if the lady bartender wouldn't act like mother.. She thinks you're a lot more drunk then it seems! I mean after 2 beers she is going to ask me "are you sure?" chill out next time... But overall great place! Haha
4	I have actually been here on both of my trips to Vegas as well as the Panama City location and it's just a fun place to eat and drink when starting the night off. It's very lively and there's usually various forms of entertainment of some sort (people on stilts making balloon animals/headgear etc. and a mermaid that slides down into a huge pitcher and does her own many cirque performance). The menu is pretty massive and the food is good - I wouldn't say mind blowing but I find any place that has a menu this large, you are just going to get good/okay food but I've never been unsatisifed. The best part is really the drinks! Soooo many to choose from! I usually get the margarita, well, since this is Margartiaville, and they have yet to disappoint! This is just a fun place to hang out and have some drinks. I definitely would go again here or at any of their other locations.
5	This place is everything that you need in Vegas. Just stop by and get a massive drink to share with your friends and keep going!
5	Every time we go to Vegas we stop at the Flamingo and go to Margaritaville for great service and especially the gaming!  love the beachy feel and the table hosts were fabulous!  was there last year for my 50th and now going end of May with my sister and all her friends for her 50th.  hoping we can stay at the Flamingo again ..... That way we don't have to go anywhere else :).   Wasting away again in Margaritaville. .....
5	We stopped in on Monday afternoon 6/16 during the USA soccer game. At the bar in the casino just off the gift shop, not the main restaurant bar.  It was a lot of fun.  Our bar tenders were Billy, Kevin and I believe after Kevin left it was Josh.  Most of our interactions were with Billy.  He was originally from a town that is fairly close to where we live.  Which are both suburbs of Chicago.   It gave us a nice place to start our conversation about favorite foods and things to do.   From there it just went on.  They were a lot of fun.  Had some great bar Flare.  Billy was balancing bottles on the bridge of his nose and serving them, along with bottle flare, noise makers and loud appreciation of nice tips.  We enjoyed ourselves, had too many drinks and watched Team USA win the soccer game.  Great time.
1	Bad place to watch any game. They play load music while people were trying to watch the World Cup game on TVs that don't have speakers. We din't order anything and Ended up going down to Chayo Kitchen & Tequila Bar. There we watched both soccer games with a couple of buckets of Corona light (have to watch the calories so we can eat and drink more).
4	I have been to couple of locations of Margaritaville. This location in Las Vegas was trendy. The staff was friendly. I got this  blackened shrimp wedge salad, the waiter informed me that they were out of wedge lettuce. I thought that was kind of odd considering its a head of lettuce sliced into wedges. So he ask me if I would take chopped up lettuce instead. The salad turned out to be EXCELLENT. The paradise island salad dressing is to die for. My partner meal was good too. We definitely recommend this place to eat. Just a tip for y'all, make the time to cut up a head of lettuce. I mean, chopped lettuce was good and all but really, the wedge salad is on your menu.. This tells me that the Chef or the staff was too lazy to sliced up a head of lettuce. Really, don't mislead people.
2	Jimmy Buffet on constant rotation? No thank you. There really isn't anything unique about this casino. There aren't a lot of tables and there are rarely open seats available because it's right on the strip. The dealers are also not that friendly. It's a good place to get a margarita for obvious reasons, but I only pretty much just walk through it to get to Flamingo or Harrahs.
1	If you don't like Jimmy Buffet or anything Caribbean, stay far away from this tumor on the Flamingo. There's nothing special about the tables and there's no welcoming presence beckoning you to gamble.
4	Nice small casino connected to the Flamingo with a great tropical atmosphere. They have quite a few slots and a few rows of table games. Drink service is usually better here than in the Flamingo, most likely due to it's smaller size. Dealers and cocktail waitresses have always been nice and very friendly. While you're there stop by the total rewards desk and get yourself a Margaritaville card, your home casino will be jealous of how cool it is! Oh and don't forget that on Saturday and Sunday they have a slot tournament that you can enter after earning 10 tier points. Photo op in front of the sign located in the casino.
5	Excellent margaritas in every flavor combination you can imagine. Very efficient even when busy. Not cheap but hey, it's in Vegas!
4	The service was great, hamburgers good, nachos........ Jimmy buffet should be ashamed.  tasted like they were an hour old. Over all not too bad just avoid the nachos
4	Seems to me the older the casinos the more they reek of nasty cigarette odor.  I am also finding that I am now less tolerant of the repugnant odor.  Why is that?  I was thinking about this while walking through the Flamingo Casino.  Margaritaville was in the right place at the right time because I needed a drink & much needed outside air.  I Took my overpriced Margarita to the patio, which afforded nice views up and down the strip, & soaked in a bit of the dying sun.  Then a devilish thought struck me that for a week I don't give a damn if the office burned down....
4	There's good live entertainment and a dance floor and friendly wait staff, which is why the four stars.The food was disappointing. My jambalaya looked festive but was supremely flavorless. Supremely. My bf's burger was good... Nothing too special.
4	I'm not quite sure how I ended up in the Margaritaville Casino... well, that's not true.  I was meeting a friend who likes drinking at the bar, and I was with my aunt and uncle who decided to gamble.  We ended up at a three card poker table, and had probably the best table games dealer I've seen in awhile.  He was pleasant, helpful, and funny -- everything a dealer in Vegas should be.  Usually they're just miserable at their job and are just going through the motions.  Wish I could remember his name, but it was his birthday and he didn't seem to mind working at all.  I'll have to go back and gamble here next time I'm in town.  Really a good experience.
4	Split a over priced pitcher of margirita and now I have to crawl back to my hotel. THANKYOU MARGIRITAVILLE.
