5	I always have a good time here.Karaoke Steve is the nicest and the bartenders are great.Stay away. Its too drunk collar for most of you and you'll be taking up table space..
3	Don't judge a book by it's cover... I have lived in the Chandler/Gilbert area for many years and I would have never thought to go in this place. It is in a rougher part of Chandler and seems a little sketchy from the front. We ere feeling adventurous and decided to give it a try. Once inside it was very pleasantly surprised. It was so clean! Don't get me wrong it is defiantly a dive bar, but a very well kept one. It didn't even smell like a bar. They have pool tables and lots of seating. The bartenders were very friendly. This is a great place to go if you are looking to hide out and have some drinks and shoot some pool. They have karoke on Friday and Saturday nights. They serve standard fried bar  food, but they allow you to bring in food from Chilly Billy's next door. Give it a try. No need for dressing up...
5	Thanks Yelper's for your comments because I had to check this place out.  I'm so glad we did.  We went this evening for Karaoke with some friends and we all had a great time.  First time in a long time that I've stayed until almost closing.  The bartenders were great, drink prices were average but the customers are what made the bar rock the most.  By the end of the night we knew some of the patrons names.  Found out we had missed their BBQ they had earlier in the evening.  Neighborhood bars rock!  They made some awesome margaritas and had the cleanest bathrooms I've ever seen.
1	Had a couple beers at this out of the way dive bar.  Rough crowd.
4	When I left this place the bartender threw her fist up in the air and told me to go take on the world. How cool is that?I was impressed by how clean it was inside.  Plus they have craft beer on tap for $3.  Need I say more?
4	One word: Autofry, another word: karaoke, two more words: wood paneling. 480 is an awesome dive bar with great characters, cheap drinks and friendly staff. Perfect when you want to slap on some jeans and a tshirt and not worry if you look good, just drink and have a great time.
4	Great little place for cold beer after work! Go visit Sherry the bartender Wednesday thru Friday 11:00 - 6:00pm (and every other weekend days)! Not only is she hot but she's quick with your drinks and always friendly.Bar food is a bit limited and is going to be deep fried, but they do good lunch specials everyday.
5	First time in there. It's a neighborhood bar where everyone was very friendly. We had a great time!  Several Pool tables, tv's and some great classic rock on the jukebox.  Light bar food on the menu, and drinks were more then reasonably priced.
