5	2013 was my first year attending this event.  I have three dogs of my own and I like to foster when I can.  I recently signed up to foster with Las Vegas Labrador Rescue and went to bring my foster.  This event is a pet lover's dream, definitely geared more toward dogs then anything else but great information at different booths throughout.  I came with cash as their website said their would be vendors.  I did buy some products that I normally buy on Amazon or in stores for deeply discounted prices.  On top of that I scored some vouchers for vet visits, boarding, and grooming.  The only negative was the $4 parking which I didn't mind the cost but no where on the website did it mention that.
5	Very good.. you can find all my photos here :http://mydogsstudio.smugmug.com/Pets/Vegas-Pet-Expothat was really a great day, good people, good dogs, perfect... ;)
3	Thankfully it was free so I didn't feel so bad paying for parking. Not the best pet event I've ever been to.I feel like it was crowded and there weren't a lot of booths, even though Cashman is so big. We got some tasty treats for Chaos and he got to socialize with some friendly dogs, that was all that mattered to me, is that he had a good time. The agility course they had set up was cool but I didn't feel like standing in line...Chaos obviously didn't have the patience to just stand around either. I liked they offered low price vaccinations and check each expo pet for shots before allowing entrance. It could've been organized better but it was free and something to check out with the pooch!
5	I'm so glad that I went today!I took my dog with me to the event to get some socialization and desensitization to distractions. I'm so glad that I went! There was no admission fee and the vendors were plentiful with the raffles, prizes, and free items. There were many rescue groups with adoptable dogs! It was hard for me or my dog to focus on any one thing at a time because so much was going on. I think I could've spent the whole day there. Some tips:-cost of parking is $4-bring your dog's vaccine records or sign their waiver form-arrive at least 15 minutes before opening time so you can beat most of the crowd. It begins to get crowded at 11am. -if you have a small dog, plan on carrying it when it gets crowded. People are too distracted to watch where they are going-lots of free treats/food but only give one or two to your dog or else it could upset it's stomach-bring a water bowl and a bottle of water-poop and pee area is outside, NOT on the doxie race track!-see the flyball and agility course demos! Those are fun. I wish this event happened each week. I had such a great time talking to vendors and watching the demos. Plus, it just makes me happy to be around so many animals. I look forward to the next event!
