4	The story is always the same: "Good food, crazy price" for Chinese food in the KW region.  Dim sum is always expensive -- however, I didn't get a chance to try it out.I went today with my cousin to Cameron after 5 years.  The place looks like a run-down little shack from the outside, however, it has a great ambiance on the inside.  All the waiters and waitresses all had ties and vests.  The service was okay - they were timely with serving the food, and grabbing us more tea when we needed it.  However, not very talkative or friendly.We ordered the seafood wrapped in lettuce leaves, and seafoo.d with hot peppercorn sauce.  I was actually surprised by how good it was considering it's a Chinese restaurant in KW.  There was a lot of seafood, and it was quite delicious.  Price-wise, it was okay.  I mean, comparatively to the other restaurants at the UW Plaza, it's much more expensive.  However, for the nice ambiance, it's worth it.
3	A decent restaurant though a bit on the expensive side.  Pretty much like the last reviewer, despite growing up in the area, I hadn't been to the place in over 8 years.  It's been a bit of a local Chinese establishment and the quality has varied over the years.  It's changed dramatically since I was last there.  The place actually looks nice now - tastefully done (which frankly is rare for Chinese restaurants in the area where decor generally feels like an afterthought).  It can get a bit loud because it's a stone type tile floor.  The service is competent but as another reviewer noted, probably not that friendly (and oddly they don't seem to speak Chinese).  We had dimsum this afternoon with 7 adults - 4 male, 3 female, and the bill came to $115 including tip which is a bit expensive for the area.  I can't say that the food was amazing.  It was competent (though if you don't eat dimsum much, you probably won't care).  The fried foods seemed a bit oilier than they needed to be but our favorite dish seemed to be the steamed rice noodle roll with mushrooms and chicken which is somewhat unusual but was a specialty on their list.  If it weren't for the lack of relative value in the area, I would have given them 4 stars.  This isn't a big place so reservations are recommended.
5	OMG I love this place!I go on Sundays around 11:30am for Dim Sum. If you arrive after 12:00 good luck, the place gets packed and you'll get stuck waiting in the lobby for a table. This place is not expensive. I don't know why people say this place is pricey. If it was any cheaper I'd think the food was recycled.Servers are friendly, English is limited. Order the pan fried pork dumplings, pepper ribs, steamed pork buns, and sticky rice with meat wrapped in lotus leaf. I'm drooling just writing this. I'm sure the food is unhealthy, but the dim sum here is like crack, and you'll wanna come back.Parking is limited. Looks like a bungalow house on the exterior, remodelled on the interior to resemble more upscale dining.
3	Good meal, this place came recommended. Parking out back, and lots of customers inside.
4	Probably one of the better options for Asian food in KW. The restaurant looks awesome, food is good, prices are decent, the help is really helpful. :)One bad thing, actually the only one, is that if the restaurant is busy, the noise level is unbelievably high. Think Rude Native lounge with the live band. :)
5	I love dim sum, and this place just took dim sum to a whole other level for me. While I have always been nervous to go to dim sum restaurants that require you to order your food from a list, rather than a cart, I went here with my family and we managed to navigate our way through the menu and what a delicious meal we had!The portion sizes here are huge, so while the prices may appear to be higher than other dim sum places you might be used to, keep in mind that you are getting more food for the price you are paying! Because we did not realize this at the time, we ended up ordering more food than we could finish, so we ended up taking home some leftovers!Like many dim sum places around town, this place gets very busy, very quickly. If you want to be sure to get a table, make sure you get there by 11:30. During this meal, the big hits were:1. Crispy fried squid2. Rice noodle rolls with shrimp and sweet soy sauce3. Baked eggplant 4. Shrimp shumai5. Shrimp rolls6. Lotus leaf sticky rice (lo mai gai). 7. Sesame ballsService at this place is very quick and the food comes out tasting VERY fresh. I definitely suggest checking this place out.
5	best dim sum you get in KW, a bit on the pricier side, but portions are huge. Fried squid is really plain, other stuff is pretty good.
4	Probably the best dim sum spot in K/W area. I once came here and saw some Chinese grandmothers. That's when you know a place is legit. Enough said.
5	Best chinese food in KW!This place is a bit out of the way for most students like myself, but it is worth the distance for the food here.  I've come here for dinner several times, and have not been disappointed with any dish.  I especially really enjoyed the soup (seafood? I forget the name), and the eggplant and meat dish. I came once for peking duck ( I had to order a day in advance).  I ordered 2 ducks for 10 people and it was a good amount, though we ordered other dishes as well.  For $35/duck, I thought it was a great value for 2 courses.  The first course is the duck/duck skin with pancakes.  The second was stir fried with vegetables and they gave us lettuce to wrap it in.   I also came once for dim sum, and thought it was spectacular.  The only dish that wasn't good was the steamed pork bun.  It was surprisingly a good price, too. we were all very full at the end and we each paid $15 including tax+tip.
2	When you enter, you'll find that they're pretty proud for winning awards for being the best Chinese restaurant in Waterloo. Therefore, I had pretty high expectations going into the restaurant. I was hoping that it would be authentic stuff. We waited for 20-30 minutes for a table.I'll tell you that it's not authentic Cantonese dim sum. It is most definitely the most authentic "Canadian Chinese" food ever. Everything I ate was sweet, even the things that aren't supposed to be. One of my favourite dim sum foods--the rice wrapped in lotus leaf (jun jue gai) is always made savory, but their's tasted like it was dipped in syrup. They also used bbq pork in the jun jue gai instead of conpoy, mushroom, or even chicken (the GAI in the name means chicken). They used pork instead of chicken.I ordered a lot of things that day and none of them tasted as they should because everything had some superficial sweetness to it. Cantonese cuisine should not taste so... gaudy. Also, the dim sum variety is quite limited.As for the waiters/waitresses, there was only one person that spoke Cantonese there (a guy). I think the others were Mandarin and Filipino. Not really a problem, it was just confusing because there was a waitress that kept speaking Mandarin to me. I kept trying to speak Cantonese, but always had to fall back to English.Considering all of the high reviews on Yelp for this restaurant, I was very confused when I left. I came on a weekend for dim sum with two others, and we ordered a lot so we could try everything (bill came down to $20 each, which is absurd for dim sum). Sure, we're not in Toronto so I shouldn't compare with delicious dim sum that usually costs like $5 per person at most. Still, I still think it was unjustifiably expensive.
1	Compared to Toronto. This is really really bad. Expensive, and overall unimpressed.
4	Went there for the first time recently and I have to say that I was quite impressed. The restaurant's exterior wasn't that pretty but the interior was much nicer. It was also quite busy so I'd recommend you make. Reservation first.I had the Imperial Pork Chops, Chop Suey, Cantonese Chow Mien and the hotspot Sea Bass. Food quality was pretty good and overall it was fresh. It had generally favorable presentation as well. Serving sizes were large for what you pay. My only reservation was that the food was a little oily for my tastes.For some authentic Cantonese food, I'd recommend this place without hesitation.
3	Pretty decent place for dim sum in the KW area. I would probably consider this to be the best place for dim sum actually, but definitely can't compare to Toronto. They start to stop dim sum food preparation past 2 PM - we ordered rice rolls and our waitress came back afterwards to tell us that the chef wasn't making any more. Other than that, dim sum was pretty standard, nothing really stood out to me as being especially good, but it wasn't bad either.
