4	Great to see a campus so close to uptown!  Made it convenient for me to enroll in some continuing education classes and work at the same time.  I can see where parking instantly becomes an issue, but we were given clear directions on where to park in designated areas.  Class will begin tonight! But I intend to update my review once I get to experience the inside of the building.
4	Nice building in a great location.  Parking is a nightmare... but isn't all of uptown a nightmare?!
5	Im graduating in 47 days so I suppose I can give away a few of my secrets.  Check out the rooftop terrace for sure.  Its closed to students but they really don't care. There are private study rooms on the 5th floor big enough for a small group.   There is a secret private room at the end of the hall on the left on 7 if i remember correctly. If there is a catering event, talk to the catering staff and be there when its over.  They throw all the food away, so grab a plate and get some late night dinner. There is s decent lounge on the 2nd floor with nice chairs to really lounge in. All the TVs in each lounge have basic cable. The third floor has a few chairs that when pulled together make for a pretty good napping spot. You can use your uncc login to turn on the auditorium computers to watch dvds in style.   *the one on the right is best bc it has no windows but don't watch a three hour movie, the chairs are not butt friendly in either one. The scanner in the library can be used by anyone even though it says otherwise. There are locker rooms with showers in the basement. There is free parking on the street a block away, just make sure there isn't anything going on that night at the arena. 7th street station has the best lunch. Jimmie Johns is wicked fast!  There is a microwave in the lounge on 6 I think. If not there, its in one of the lounges.  Theres a fridge and 2 microwaves in the staff lounge and the door is unlocked all day until six or so. Then it locks.  Its up to you if you have the brass to go in there.  I never cared. Thats about it.  Im sure theres more, but for now thats all I can think of.
5	Excellent classroom facilities and computer labs. A real asset to uptown Charlotte's academic community.
