3	Now the first thing you may want to ask is "Greg what the fuck were you doing 99th Ave and Greenway?" or "99th Ave?  Why the fuck didn't you just drive the extra three miles and go to LA?"  You would be right in asking me those perfectly reasonable questions.  The answer is that for some reason which I still have not been able to figure out yet is that my girlfriend's parents live out there.  So this Friday it was her step mother's birthday and she wanted to celebrate at this little place in a strip mall in Sun City.  All I could say up to that point is "Hey, at least it's not a fucking Luby's."  So we walk up to this little restaurant and there is patio seating out front and a quaint little dining room inside.  We were early so we decided to belly up to the bar and have a glass of wine. The bar tender carded me which was understandable given that compared to the average patron at this establishment I must have looked like a god damn fetus.  I order a Chardonnay and my girlfriend orders a Sauvignon Blanc.  Mine was passable hers was too sweet.  We had a couple other glasses and when the bill came for 4 glasses of mediocre wine I was more that a little shocked that they cost $26.  Oh well easy come easy go right?  The reservations we had were for a huge table outside as we had about 20 people in our party.  There was live entertainment in the form of this blonde lady about 50 years old not bad looking who has a kind of karaoke set up that she just uses to sing.  I tipped her a few times so she could play some Nancy Sinatra, Stan Getz, etc. and she did a pretty decent job.  The menu was pretty standard Italian fare.  Various pastas and pizzas, etc.  I took a chance and order the Fettucine a la Carbonara.  The reason I say I took a chance is because I have ordered this dish the world over and I have only had about one or two places make it properly.  This was not one of them.  They basically just put bacon over Fettucine Alfredo and called it a night.  Disappointing but at least the clam chowder and pizza was pretty good.  I would have to say the most remarkable thing about this place was these weird really long tubes that they fill up and bring to your table.  The tube has a tap at the bottom that you use to pour the beer.  Very bizarre.  The entertainment got progressively more fun as we drank and drank.  At one point there was this old dude dancing his ass off right there on the patio like he didn't have a care in the world.  I hope I have as much energy when I am his age.  We eventually did the same and danced the twist right there on the patio.  What started out as a pretty mediocre place turned out to be a pretty fun time.  I don't know why the hell anyone reading this would ever find themselves at 99th Ave and Greenway but if you do you should swing by and check it out.
3	Disclaimer: This restaurant is located in Sun City. It is unlikely any of you will find yourself here in the near future and hopefully not even in the far future, as this is where vitality goes to die. But if you find yourself with a flat tire out in the middle of BFE or need to take Grandma out for a night on the town (bedtime by 8pm at the latest, sonny!), this is a pretty respectable choice. And in full confidentiality, it managed to surprise me.-----------------------------------------------------------I can't fathom why, but my family resides in the suburban sprawl of Peoria, which happens to border Sun City. I haven't been out to this haven for golf carts and cataracts since I used to live way out in northwest Glendale, but for my stepmother's birthday she wanted to eat at Little Bite of Italy. So we pile in to the car for the mini road trip out there from Tempe.Having arrived early, Mr. Man and I saunter up to the bar and (gasp!) get carded. Seeing how we were mere babes in the womb compared to some of the patrons there, this was no big surprise. What was surprising was the house sauvignon blanc I ordered that tasted like sweet tarts. And cost a whopping $6.50 for a bitsy little glass. Whatevs. Old people's livers don't work as well as mine, so I can see how they can get away with upping the price.I was also surprised at this freaky gigantic beer tap that was ordered for the table. It seemed like a little bit of frat boy flava delivered to a demographic that could be their parents or grandparents. It was a wicked cool cylindrical device that held three pitchers and had a chilled center at the base. A gigantic bong of of booze if you will.Since I'm indecisive I went with the sampler: meat lasagna, chicken parmesan and fettuccine alfredo. Aside from the fact that it needed salt (again, my blood pressure probably isn't as high as the older folks), the meal was pretty tasty. The alfredo was lackluster, but I've rarely had good alfredo from a restaurant so it was no surprise. I also grazed on a piece of The Works pizza with sausage, pepperoni, onions, mushroom, red and green peppers. That was far superior and the left over pizza reheated to a lovely crisp in the oven the next day.The entertainment was probably the highlight of the evening. There was a 50+ (don't want to offend by guessing wrong), petite female performer in what could have doubled as a figure skating outfit singing her little heart out on stage. She had a great voice, oozed mature sex appeal all over the male customers (no need for viagra that night) and took requests like the pro she was. All ages were shakin' what their momma gave them up in front of the stage, me included, and it was a surprising amount of fun.I never knew Sun City could be so spry! Respect.
4	First, what's with the other reviewers whining about the location?  The metropolitan area does go beyond their cozy little caves in the east valley!Moving on...hey look it's a non-chain place to eat in the Phoenix area -- AMAZING!  The food was excellent, the service was great, it wasn't overly crowded (i.e. no long wait), and it wasn't one of those pretentious "we're a cool Italian over priced fancy place."  It was the perfect place to get good food, relax and have a great time.  Something the west valley definitely has going over the east!
2	We decided to deviate from the norm last night and decided to check out little bite of italy.  It's tucked away in the back of a strip mall lacks curb appeal.  The interior was more reminiscient of a bowling alley with ugly carpeting and uncomfortable orange and yellow chairs.  Above the bar hangs an Air Cav unit emblem indicating the proprietor spent some time in Nam and it in no way embodies an italian restaurant hopefully the food is good.We started with an order of toasted ravioli which was actually quite good, My meal included a salad and breadstick (singular).  The salad consisted of tomatoes, lettuce and onions.  Not being a fan of Tomatoes or Onions I reached for the parmesan and made the best of things.  (NOTE: There are these things call croutons, they're crunchy and they're awesome!!!)I was also served a single lonely breadstick in a basket, feeling guilty I shared the breadstick with my wife.  For dinner I had ordered the linguine with clam sauce.  I ordered a half order but the portion size was still very big.  there was a lot of clam on the pasta, unfortunately the sauce was a bit of a let down and something was off about the taste.  My wife had ordered a stromboli but we couldn't help but think she was eating an oversized hot pocket.The service was ok, our waiter was young and seemed absent minded and a couple of times we joked about dine and dashing because we were going to catch a movie after.To be fair it was mothers day and the wait staff may have been off their game.  and the pizza looked good so at some point I'd like to come back and try the pizza.  the pizza will determine whether they gain or lose a star.If you're in the neighborhood might be worth checking out, but not worth the drive if you're not.
1	Most of the meal was ok, however the main entree was very disappointing, I only took two bites.  Told the server who took my food and didn't ask if I would like anything else.  When the bill came, the food was still on there so I asked to speak to the manager.  The manager came out eating my order telling me how wonderful it was and that I would have to pay for it.I said "fine", and he screamed that he was going to call the police if I didn't pay.  I paid the bill, and as we were leaving he stopped us & asked me what was wrong with the food.  I barely began explaining when he cut me off insinuating I didn't know good cuisine.  My girlfriend started to speak about my former experience working in fine dining and he tore into her, and seemed like he was about to get violent and said he was going to report us for trespassing.    I have never been treated this poorly at any establishment and we were very traumatized and confused about the whole situation.
4	Love this place. Its like a neighborhood bar, but all grown up. You can enjoy a nice delicious meal. The entertainment is always great. Make reservations, gets crowded during the summer months. Service is outstanding.
1	We went there last night because my mother lives by there and wanted to try it.  Cute when we first walked in and sat down.   Pretty crowded..... bar was packed.  Our food was VERY sub- par and i had the WORST  spagetti  with meat sauce ive ever had!   Everyone at my table thought it was disgusting so it wasnt just methe drinks are not cheap at all for being in a strip mall next to the Dollar Store... Seems like  they are ripping Sun City people off.  My friend had sausage and peppers in a very small bowl for $13 and he said it wasnt very good eitherSalad looks like  it came of of one of those salad bags at a grocery store The only reason I gave it one star is because the bar area looked fun.......Everyone in my group said to give them zero Stars!!!!!!!
2	Although the staff here is very very nice, the food at best is just meh....I visited recently with a friend and found the menu and food to be uninspired. I ordered the soup, salad and breadsticks. First of all, it bagged salad and about a cup of it at that. It's not a bread stick, it's a slice of garlic toast. And the soup, the soup was pretty good. It was semi-homemade chicken noodle soup. It's not unlimited but it is only $5. You do get what you pay for in that respect.  My friend ordered the mostaccoli with meatsauce and salad. The pasta was overdone and the meatsauce was pretty salty. I suppose for the older crowd that this place attracts in Sun City, this food is great, but honestly, it was nothing special. It wasn't bad...it just wasn't good either.
5	Been there twice now.  Will definately go back.  I really don't understand some of the other reviews.  I think way better than Olive Garden and don't have to wait in line forever.  No effing kids either!  Had pizza first time.  Did not need Alka-Seltzer later.  Had veal parmisian tonight.  Great, great, great!  All you can eat fish on Friday nights for $12.  Give it a try.  Not all of us in Sun City are dead yet!
4	Wow! People from surrounding areas seem kind of mad at this place. It is not a dance club. It is Sun City folks, not Scottsdale. This place is about fun and people watching. The pizza is great! We have had the white pizza several times and love the thin crust and toppings. First time we went, we were looking for something to do, So I called and asked if they had music. The woman replied, that they had 'R&B' that night. We went expecting a band. Instead, we got Ronnie and Bobbie  (?) who sing to songs AND wear costumes to fit the mood! It is very quirky, but fun. Tons of regulars hang out to dance and visit. we felt kind of out of place, since we were 10 - 20 years younger than the crowd, but they said hi as they walked by and made us feel included. The singers handed out small flags to wave during their rendition of 'Boogie- Woogie Bugle Boy' So, I got up and waved mine, mortifying my GF. Good fun!
3	From what I gather, this is THE place to go on a Saturday night in Sun City. Be prepared for outdoor seating, a sound system, and some geriatric boogie-ing.The food was alright. We called ahead for takeout, and because of the crowd we had to wait 25 minutes for a pizza and salad. They have a bar with open seats, so OK. Bar was pleasant enough.Cheese pizza, meh, nothing special. Chicken Caesar was also middle-of-the-road. I get it though, you're catering to an older crowd, and there's probably not much incentive to go nuts with flavors of any sort. Keep it bland, keep 'em coming in.
4	Excellent value for lunch!  We had a Cobb salad and a soup/ salad combo. Good breadsticks. Nice patio. Friendly service. Would return.
1	I wanted to take my grandma out for some dinner and since this place is a block or so from her house, we decided to give it a try. Upon arriving we could tell that it was busy, but there were still empty tables. We waited for 5 to 10 minutes to be seated and then another few for our waitress to take our drink orders (water, nothing from the bar). At this point I should have taken better notice of the patrons around us. Nobody had food in front of them and several tables looked anxious as if they had been waiting for some time. Our waitress returned to take our orders and then we started what would be the longest wait in restaurant history...We literally waited for 35 minutes from the time we placed our order to the time we received our dinner salads. 'Oh good sign' I thought as we received our salads, thinking dinner couldn't be too far behind... well I was wrong. We sat and sat and sat for another 25 minutes. Eventually I told my hard of hearing grandma that I was going to settle up on our waters and side salads and we would go grab some Arby's. She agreed and I hunted down our waitress. When I told her I wanted to tab out, she looked at me with disbelief and stated she would have to get the manager. Then she proceeded to clean a table. I was disgusted and ready to go. And I would have too, if my sweet little grandma wasn't sitting there. Our waitress returned and asked if we could wait 2 more minutes. I looked around and mentioned there were at least 2 other tables ahead of us. She stated that they ordered pizza and it takes longer than our orders. A few more minutes passed and our plates came out. The food was nothing fancy, but did taste alright. I had stuffed shells and grandma had manicotti. Next time I take grandma to dinner we will make the drive to another place and avoid the excessive waits.
1	My mom ordered the lemon veal, and it was nasty, voted so by her friend that tasted it as well!!  The server would have nothing to do with replacing the meal, or compensating in any way whatsoever, the manager had the same attitude. Ultimately my mom left, on her birthday, hungry!  They claimed if they replaced food for everyone, they wouldn't have a business. Well, they won't have our business moving forward!
1	I do not recommend this place for authentic Italian food. All of the food was very disappointing, where we sent back a dish and ate only a few bites of the others. The pasta Mediterranean did not come with the vegetables it stated and had no seasoning or flavor. The lasagna was frozen and premade as the meat was the consistency of spam. The calzone was airy and filled with too much cheese that was not fully cooked. The service was unpleasant and not helpful. They were not friendly. The server could not speak English or pronounce our dishes. Oreganos is a 10 compared to this restaurant!
1	Well... I stopped in on a Thursday night. I was visiting a family member who was briefly in town and she was staying near this restaurant. The reviews seemed good so I figured it was worth a try.It's located deep in a strip mall. The restaurant is a bit dated and stuffy. Everyone dining was seated on the patio, so we sat there, too. There was a gentlemen playing music on a stereo or DJ equipment (not sure - sorry!) and he was singing with the music, which made for cute ambiance. Unfortunately, this is where the pleasantries seemed to end.After being seated for 15 minutes, I went inside to find a waitress to take our order. It irritated me that a large party was seated next to us after we were seated and their order was taken before ours. After waiting 50 minutes for food, the waitress said their computer system had died and the order didn't send to the kitchen, so it would be a few more minutes before we got our food. It was after 9:30 PM at this point, and I was starving.The food: food was extremely average. Baked ziti was very simple. Fettuccine alfredo needed some salt but was OK. After finishing our food, I took the liberty of going inside, finding our waitress, and asking for the check because it was almost 10 PM and I had a good drive ahead of me to get back home.Prices were relatively reasonable, but service was abysmal. Not going back.
3	It was ok. I went with a large group and I think the waitress was cranky because of it. She was slow getting beverages but the kitchen was relatively quick getting us our food, especially considering the size of the group. It was most definitely overpriced but I liked being able to sit outside. There was love entertainment when I went which was really cool. Food and service were ok, atmosphere was great, overall an average restaurant experience.
