5	Ever since I became a vegetarian the thing I've missed the most was sweet and sour chicken balls. When I discovered that this restaurant had a sweet and sour battered tofu I was eager to give it a try. The General Tao tofu, and the a l'orange version, are absolutely fantastic; they satisfy the craving completely and are incredibly morish.Back down to Earth for a moment, I've been there five times now and the service and food constancy are extremely INconsistent. The sides seem to change depending on who cooks the food, which feels lazy rather than necessary. Wait times at this location are much slower than the Atwater location, but the food tends to be just a touch better. Given the choice I'd usually choose the Atwater location; the slow, slow service at this one is just brutal, and the wait staff is remarkably inattentive. I've waited over an hour before, with no apology, explanation, reassurance, or attention (with a fairly empty house.)Overall I still go back once a week, but there is definitely room for improvement.
4	Made a stop after some sweet jazz in the Heineken tent during the Montreal jazz fest. Our experience was pleasant and efficient. Just a quick stop so only tried the thai basil and the red curry chicken. Both dishes were excellent lunch plates. Tasty, hot and fresh accompanied with a cold sleemans and a pleasant server and my week at the jazz fest continues to impress!
3	I went to Sesame just last week when I was in Montreal working. It is on a popular section of St Catherine with lots of pedestrian traffic and as it looked pretty busy, I thought it was a safe bet. It was on a Wednesday evening when we stopped in and although it was busy we had no trouble getting a table outside for 3. Service was fast and efficient right from the get go and we ordered a pitcher of sangria to start. The drink was ok but nothing extraordinary.  One of my dinner companions ordered the pad thai and her teenage daughter had just the shrimp tempura. I went with the shrimp rolls and a red curry shrimp dish. The shrimp tempura arrived first along with the fresh shrimp rolls. The tempura looked pretty small but maybe that's not a bad thing as the large tempura you get in some places just means more unhealthy batter anyway. The person who ordered it said it was good. The fresh rolls were a bit disappointing. They tasted nice and fresh with a wonderful peanut dipping sauce but there was barely one shrimp in the whole roll, just one or two shrimp bits. I would just get the vegetable ones next time.  My dining companion didn't say anything about her pad thai so I can only assume it was ok and like her I ate my red curry dish without making much of a fuss one way or another. It was overall good but not a great dining experience. I would give it 3.5 stars if that was an option. I do think it's better than 3 but not quite in the 4 category when I compare it to other Asian restaurants where these same dishes are often superb and cheaper. Many people will probably enjoy the good location though as it is a good spot to people watch.
