2	Maybe some of my surprise came from not having been to any new Burger Kings of late, but I was really surprised when my husband and I went in to this location yesterday morning (we had a craving for fast food breakfast) and saw that it was all decked out in a Hollywood theme. It had sleek colored booths, framed pictures of movie stars, and get this - pendant lighting! Granted, pendant lighting has become as ubiquitous in restaurants as jukeboxes used to be, but it's still strange that fast food franchises have even jumped on the decor bandwagon. Anyway, the people working at this location are super-friendly, although the staff does tend to be more motivated when a location is relatively new (this one is about a year old), and the food we got was to be expected. I do love BK's French Toast Sticks for a nutrition-less but delicious Saturday morning breakfast, and my husband's sausage muffin was good (although he ordered it with egg and cheese and didn't get them). To sum it up, this is a good location as far as Burger Kings go, but in the end, it's just Burger King, which is never really all that great.
4	Out today with a handful of coupons for free snacks here & there, I stopped in to this BK for the first time.  It's nice inside, with comfortable booths, as well as just right lighting, temp, & service.  My order was just for Chicken Tenders & Ranch Dressing dip.  It was the first time I had tried this item at any BK, & I they were delicious...  better than the same thing at McDonalds, in my opinion....  Really liked this Burger King & will return for sure!     :-))
2	Burger King is Burger King...this place is always clean, which is a good thing. I just wish they had their coke and tea available to customers. It's a pain to try to get them to assist you for refills, guess they are all about cost savings rather than taking care of customers as other Burger Kings do.
5	I will say that I overall DETEST burger kings as I feel their burgers are filth and the rest of their food is too.  Then came the deep fried cheese ball.  I saw an image for Cheesy Tots and though that sounded amazing after a day of near starvation. I pull up, and a LOVELY guy named Jim came to the window.  We schmoozed and he told me about the Cheesy Tots and that they're made to order and never frozen (nice) and because they were made to order, "IF I WANT TO EAT THEM IN THE CAR, I SHOULD WAIT A BIT FOR THEM TO COOL SO I DON'T BURN MYSELF".... THANK YOU!!!!! I was so prepared to drive off and pop one in my mouth only to feel the volcano of heat within my mouth which could have caused me to do something REALLY stupid on the road.  Because he truly wanted to make sure that I did not hurt myself, or others, he took two seconds to tell me that and I greatly appreciate it.  If he's a window guy, he should be a manager... If he's already a manager, he should be a regional manager... and so on.  Jim, singlehandedly took someone who hadn't eaten Burger King in 10+ years to someone who is willing to try it out more so now.  Thanks a ton Jim! You earned it.
1	Horrible horrible place I ordered a medium hash brown the lady sounded like I was bothering her when I went through the drive thru second they gave me a small hashbrown third I asked for ketchup they gave me one and my hashbrown had dog/ cat hair on it wtf I'm livid with the poor customer service
3	Armed with a $1.99 coupon, I stopped in here a couple of days ago to try the "Big King" burger.  What a disappointment!  It had 2 little meat patties about the size of silver dollars.  Yes the taste was ok, but if I'd paid the regular price of $3.79 (!!) for it, this would be a 1-Star Review!As for the restaurant itself, everything was fine.  It has a comfortable dining room and the service was good.  Corporate just needs to double the size of each meat pattie (without raising the price) if they're going to call this burger "Big King"!     :-O
