3	I've gone to Ken Nails several times as a walk in for a Pedi and always had good luck.  They do a very good job with the pedi and now have leg massage add ons that you can pay $5 for an extra ten minutes.  Come on, we all know the leg massage is the best part of the pedi!  The staff is also very nice and talkative.  They always ask your name and introduce themselves.  They also have around 200+ different nail polish choices from muted French to Hot pink and green and seem to be rotated well so they don't get goopy.I am still on a hunt for a great buff place.  I ran in for a quick mani and buff before leaving on vacation and was disappointed.  They used buffing paste and a buffing bit but I wasn't impressed with the shine.  The lady who did my mani was very nice, had a nice conversation with her but by the time I got home, 3 hang nails had surfaced that she missed and I still had some calluses around the corner of my nails.  I paid $15 for the services and was out of there in 15 minutes.  A bit steep for a mediocre job but I will give them one more try next time I get a mani, maybe they will do a better job then.
4	Went back for a pedi last night and it was great!  Got the sea salt and an added 15 minute leg massage for $35.  It was definitely worth the extra $$$.
5	Inexpensive and the acrylics are TOUGH. I like the expression "hard as nails..." corny, but they lasted a long time. Service was fast and they gave me the paint job I wanted which seems simple enough but is not an easy conversation to have at most nail places (a variation of a french manicure). I only get my nails done about once every two years but I'll keep this shop in my mental rolodex.
4	Been in Phoenix over a year and just went for my first pedi/mani at Ken's . On my mostly daily drive down Indian School, Kens sign for mani/pedi and eyebrow wax for $33 keep catching my eye. So finally I took the bait.  I walked in and every pedi-chair was filled - thought maybe it was a party but nope most of them were individuals in for some pampering. The people were nice and they got me seated in a massaging pedi-chair right away. So off for about an hour of pampering and relaxation for only $33 - how can you beat that and I still have eyebrows!!
5	I've had mani/pedis from 2 different nail techs and both were wonderful. Their attention to detail and freindliness can't be beat. The place is clean and bright. And, the prices can't be beat. Best value in town!
4	I've been a loyal customer of Ken and his wife, Amy, since they opened back in September 2009. I am always impressed by ther profesionalism and attention to detail. 90% of the techs understand English so it's easy to talk to them and let them know what you want. They also have a child's chair which my daughter absolutely loves. I'd highly recommend them.
3	well everyone there is pretty nice i got gel tips from them and i do beat them up pretty bad at work and they are holding up as they should. they were reasonably priced. There is one Asian lady i like a lot i forgot her name though my fault. I also got a pedicure from them as well they did good.PROS:* inexpensive * good color selection* nice people*television availableCONS:*Some of my tips are longer than others*When i got a pedicure the water was so hot it burned me feet and they came out of the water looking like cherry tomatoes*whenever i seem to give them the tip off my visa they seem almost disappointed since its not cash (i dont carry cash and im not starting anytime soon)*the language barrier but its no one's fault*the massaging pedi chairs are made for people taller than me *sigh*Since the cons outweigh the pros it gets 3 stars but you are still getting really good service considering how much you pay for it and i will continue to give them my business because the lady who gave me the pedicure was really nice and she did a really good job getting rid of my callouses and didnt torture me too bad (im extremely ticklish).
1	Maybe we just went on a bad day, but I'm not sure how these reviews are so positive.  My friend and I went to Ken's after seeing the good reviews on Yelp.  The place is dark and not very sanitary.  The women working on our feet were CONSTANTLY preoccupied with personal calls and texts, and not very friendly.By far the worst part was the waxing.  No joke - they used MASKING TAPE.  Not only was it a weird practice, but I had skin problems from the tape for a few weeks after.  The whole experience was very unsatisfying and a little unsettling.
3	You can depend on the same people working and they do your nails ok but the cleanliness is iffy. You gotta watch them. I know they didn't scrub the foot baths with bleach after use before and they re use all of their foot scrubbers and such. Kinda gross. If you speak up that may help but it kind of turns my stomach!
