4	This is really a 3.5 but I'm going to bring it up to a 4 because it was quick and really inexpensive.I don't really think I'm a Mexican food connoisseur by any means but I do know good food in general and I have to say I wasn't really impressed.  I mean I was expecting to be blown away, which I guess is my own fault.  My enchilada was no better than any other enchilada I've ever had.  The salsa was good but the chips were not...they almost tasted stale.  I did enjoy the patio area, it provided a good background for lunch with a group.
4	Mmm...La Canasta.  This is probably between a 3.5 and a 4.  What La Canasta really is is a great lunch/after work place where you can get a reasonably priced, full plate of food.  I always get the cheese enchiladas, and they are very yummy.  They also have a great chips and salsa bar, which comes with any meal.
2	The good: 1) A great all you can eat chip bar with some pretty decent hot sauce. 2) A big patio to take a relaxed lunch at. 3) These crazy good green corn tamales with a strange cheese filling that is more like Kanufa then anything I've had at a Mexican restaurant.The bad: pretty much everything else. The food is around (but below) drive through Filberto's quality at near restaurant prices. They even have the gaul to charge 2.25 for their crappy iced tea you serve yourself.The worst part of this place is the meat they serve in their dishes which is absolutely horrid except for their machaca. I stick to bean burritos, cheese enchiladas, and the aforementioned green corn tamales if I go.All of their tortillas and such taste store bought even though I think they make them themselves. And the horchata needs to be avoided at all costs as well.For counter service Mexican, you gotta go with  La Tolteca if you are downtown. Or Caramba if you are on the west or north side.
4	I am giving La Canasta 4 stars mainly because of location and their chips.  I work in the Executive Tower at the Capitol and if you have been in that area, then you know that there are like no options for lunch other than the cafeteria at the DES building or the cafeteria in the basement of the Executive Tower. Frankly, there are some days where we want to escape the building but don't want to risk going downtown, which makes La Canasta a great option for those days.  Also, if you want political gossip, La Canasta is a great place because you can see the whos-who in politics at lunch and possibly overhear some good tidbits. Or you'll just hear staffers like myself and co-workers complaining about our jobs!As I mentioned previously, the chips and salsa are delicious at La Canasta, but the rest of the food is just OK. It's nothing spectacular that warrants a special trip.  Soda and iced tea are $2.25 (unlimited refills) which is a tad high in my book.  The patio is nice to sit on especially when your office has no windows.  However, today upon leaving, we saw three birds on a table eating off some plates that were sitting on an empty table. I could have done without seeing that.
5	The red and green chile here are some of the most comforting and tasty Ive had. The red chile for me is the wholly grail of red chile's which all are compared.. now take the red chile and put a couple of over easy eggs on top with a side of beans and hash browns and you get a Nana's Breakfast! Served all day Sunday coupled with their awesome chip bar, fantastic!!When it comes to red and green chile, it doesn't get any better then this!
4	Working in the Capitol area for 15 years, La Canasta Capitolio is a must. There are very few places to eat near the Capitol, but La Canasta not only provides a place for a bite to eat, but some good food as well. I don't like veggies, so I generally stick to the red chili beef burrito, which is very good.  Prices are reasonable, too. I think their main business comes from the government workers in the area, and lot's of police and fifi's (firefighters).  If the PD and fifi's eat there, it must be good.  Free chips and salsa (very GOOD salsa) is a definite plus! Also, I've heard their breakfast burrito's are excellent.
2	I really was not very impressed with the quality of the food. The meat was very dry and the sauce they used to disguise it in was bland and greasy. Yea, yea I know it's mexican food so I should expect some grease, but a puddle of yellow oil surrounding the plate? Yuck. The only redeeming quality was the chips and salsa bar. The tomatillo and adobo salsas were excellent. Not good enough for me to return, but made the wait bearable.
2	It was my first time ever eating at this restaurant and I will never go back again. I had the Nana's Breakfast and there was something very strange about the over easy eggs. The yolks were very pungent and were way to thick for my liking, almost gummy. I could only eat half of one and moved the rest onto a small side plate. I am not a finicky eater at all but I just could not finish it. Then I moved on to the red chili. I could not eat this stuff. I was soo spicy hot, It was inedible. I did however eat the hash browns which was difficult because the egg was starting make a reappearance via a burpy aftertaste. So now I will forever respectfully refer to this place as La Ca-Nasty!
5	Took 5 friends here for Sunday brunch, awesome as usual! The red chile is the best in town! They all agreed that it's old school Mexican worth driving from Scottsdale for.
3	Good Mexican food, salsa bar, big selection of food and drinks.Carne Asada burrito is good
2	I'm in Phoenix for a training course for work and I'm at the State Health Lab.  We were told that this place was very close.  It is very close.  Just turn the corner, and there we are.A few of us went here for lunch on our first day in the course. Everyone seemed to be in love with the place, but I thought it was ok.  I had the beef enchiladas.  Maybe I've been spoiled by some of the California "hole-in-the-wall" Mexican places.. but I was really expecting shredded beef.  It was ground beef.  I don't remember there being much cheese in it.. and the sauce it was smothered in was way too salty for my taste.It came with rice and beans and some salsa and salad.. I got the lunch special so it came in small portions.  It was a good thing because with the saltyness of the food, I don't think I could have handled anymore.They have a chips bar where it's self-serve chips and salsa, but some of the chips looked a little too over-fried.. and then the ones that weren't were on the stale side.Some other people had the chilli and it looked really good that I may get that tomorrow since that's the plan for tomorrow's lunch.  The "local expert"  told us to kinda be careful when eating here, especially if you were trying to lose weight because they do cook with lard.. yikes!And if you look on one of the walls.. they show some products they sell per pound and lard is one of them..So.. eat.. at your own risk..
3	I had the chili on Wednesday.. the green one.It was as yummy as it looked!I had to give it one more star!
3	La Canasta is close to work and has an excellent chips and salsa bar.  The breakfast burros are fabulous too.  But the lunch part, not so good.  I need to remember to just go for the breakfast burro (they have a drive through!) and be done with it.  I ate on the patio once for lunch with a group and we were attacked by pigeons, some found it funny, I was not humored by it but in fact scared, I hate pigeons!
3	Great, greasy Mexican food. I always enjoy their two taco lunch meal with rice & beans. The ground beef is very flavorful (although a bit greasy at times), and I enjoy their salsa -- it isn't chunky but it has a kick to it.  And, perhaps, what may make El Capitolio most intriguing is its close proximity to the Capitol and state offices. If you are a bit of a politico like me, it is a great place to politician-watch.  You may be just minding your own business, enjoying a taco, when low and behold several politicians, big named lobbyists or state agency heads pull into a booth behind you.  Tuneup your ears and you may just get some good gossip. So, with a yummy taco in hand, and your eyes & ears open, you may just find yourself having a great meal and a possible "You won't believe what I hear" moment all in matter of a one-hour lunch.
4	I visit La Canasa several times a week, a week mainly due to their proximity to my office. Luckily their food is pretty decent as are their prices.If you are going here for lunch you may want to avoid arriving right at 12pm as the line out the door can be quite long. For lunch you order at the counter, and take a number to your seat, and they bring you your food. Tipping seems to be optional in format of dining. Another unique aspect is their Chips and Salsa bar. It contains the usual corn tortilla chips and the delectable flour tortilla chips. If you have never had flour tortilla chips you are in for a surprise.The menu consists of the usual Mexican fast foods, burritos of all types, tacos, enchiladas and plates. There are also soups and some authentic items for the brave. For lunch you may want to look at the a la carte menu and save a few dollars unless you are huge fan of rice and beans. Another money saving tip is to forgo the drink as their soft drinks cost upwards of $2I often order the chillie relleno burrito. It is a item I try everywhere as it has many different recipes. Here the burrito has the obligatory chillie filled with cheese covered in a very eggy egg batter and a hot red salsa mix heavy on the peppers. If you like your food "enchilada style" you can order it this way for an extra charge or simple walk over to the salsa bar and smother your burrito with salsa.
4	They finally went back to the slightly larger water cups, so only 5 refills are needed with a meal for me. I am still fighting the 2.25 drink. Also on the flour tortilla chips they are not ut into smaller more manageable pieces.I got here at 11:15am and just beat the massive lunch rush.
4	The Pico de gallo is gone, the water cups are big again and they have new green number tents.Not much else has changed sinch my last review update. The flour tortilla chips are still the gem here. The red picante sauce is smooth and good enough to drink.Al la carte is still where the deals are at.The Patio is the place to be in this weather.Chillie rellleno burrito is still eggy and unique.
1	= = = = =  WEEKEND BRUNCH BUFFET  :-O  = = = = =They have Brunch Buffet here on Saturdays & Sundays, so I stopped in this morning to give it a try.  The first anomalies were that this is a regular restaurant, yet they had me pay first, & then handed me a plastic picnic plate, tiny plastic knife & fork, & a tiny throw-away plastic water cup.I placed the brand new magazine I had brought to read on my table, but when I went to get some chips & salsa under the "Limit ONE BOWL of chips!" sign, the unfriendly server threw my magazine away & then tossed a bunch of greasy garbage on top of it.Meanwhile, back over at the table, my ONE BOWL of chips & salsa, from an unmarked selection of salsas, sat while I went for food with my picnic plate from the 14 trays of hot food, minus one that had run out & was not refilled until near the end of my visit.  The two pairs of tongs to get bacon &/or sausage were both too hot to touch.  I would have just used the tongs from the pancakes, but there weren't any.  Everyone had to just use their hands to take a lukewarm pancake.In the other trays were some salty refried beans, greasy corn tortillas, greasy hashbrowns, & a few other not-very-good things.  I DID go wait in line at the register again, though, to beg for another plastic picnic plate to get a little more, because I was still hungry.  Meanwhile, the unfriendly server cleared my table AGAIN, & I had to beg her for some more tiny plastic picnic utensils to eat with.On top of all this, it cost a high $9.75 plus tax, without a drink!  We have much better choices.
3	I've eaten here many, many times because it is close to my work and there are very few options within walking distance. Usually I get breakfast on days when I need to get breakfast, because at lunch I have time to drive someplace else. The food is usually pretty good and the service OK, too. But I've gotten sick to my stomach on a few occasions as well. If I didn't work close to here, I probably wouldn't return, but as I said options are limited.
2	Barely mediocre food and wildly unfriendly service earn this place two stars.  They have a captive audience in state government workers given the lack of restaurant choices in the Capitol area and perhaps that explains it.  The food is generally fresh but offers little in the way of taste.  The red sauce they use has a distinctly "off" flavor.  Everything is very greasy even by the standards of Mexican food.  This place is a cut below the Isbertos, Rolibertos etc. that are everywhere in the Valley.  The staff  seem to resent your presence.  To call them unfriendly wouldn't do it justice.  I've waited forever for the food to come and then had the barely warm food almost thrown at me.  Give this place a miss.
1	So here's the thing, I've been coming here for years.  Food was generally good, relatively quick and the chips/salsa bar has always been dependable (although I was bummed when they got rid of the pico de gallo a few years back).  Fast forward though, and lately it just hasn't been the same.  Food quality has been slipping, chip bar isn't as stocked, service is slower, etc.  Today was the last straw.  First, they now charge a $2 surcharge for chips/salsa if you don't spend more than $5.  I get it, the economy is tight, but when you already charge $2.25 for a soda?   I was willing to forgive though, but when I got to the chip bar, they didn't have any of the flour chips out-or even a space for them.  So you pay for the chips, but the best ones aren't there anymore.  Then when I was eating my bean tostada, I bit down on something sharp --I spit it out and realized that a 1/2 inch sliver of a broken plate was in my food.  It broke when I bit down on it, so part of it disintigrated and I couldn't get it all out of my mouth.  While the manager did apologize and promptly brought me a new tostada, I definitely would have prefered a refund at that point since I could still feel broken glass in my mouth (not very appetizing). He brought me a refill of guac and that was it.   Being a long-time customer I expected better than that, esp. after such a dangerous, and frankly disgusting, mistake on their part.  That was it, I won't be back again.
4	Following the La Canasta tradition, this location hits it out of the ballpark. The food is great, the prices are extremely similar to the other La Canasta locations and they have a chip/salsa bar!!! The flour chips are delicious; not greasy and very easy to consume too many if you aren't careful. My boyfriend and I thoroughly enjoyed our meal.
4	I consider myself an expert in green chili chimis and La Canasta has a pretty good one. One the down side- they don't know how to give back correct change.
3	I go very often... Serivce is ok sometimes its GReat! I guess you have to cath them on a good day. Foos is pretty good if you dont want to ook it yourself. One of their salsa is amazing flour tortilla chips r AMAZING! NANAS Chile bowl is YUMMY!
5	Diane and her staff did an AMAZING job catering our son's wedding rehearsal dinner at Encanto Park Clubhouse !  Our guest loved La Canasta's Fiesta Buffet from the catering menu, it had a little bit of everything. The evening would not have been a success without them.  Thank you thank you thank you La Canasta Capitolio !
3	This is a little hole in the wall place that has great lunch specials. It's not particularly clean or delicious, but its fast Mexican food at decent prices. The lunch combo 5 is awesome. Bottom line: it's a fast & filling lunch place, but I'll never come here expecting a special or gourmet meal.
1	HORRIBLE CUSTOMER SERVICE!My first visit to this place was today. I decided to go with a friend and grab some tacos in the drive-thru. I ordered 2 chicken tacos and asked for a little sour cream and guacamole on each one. With a soda my total came to $10.49!!! I asked why it was so expensive. They told me they had to charge me for the sour cream and guacamole. I told them I wouldn't mind paying a little extra, but I didn't need an entire side order of each. I just wanted a little on each taco. I was okay with them charging my a little extra for this, but not THAT much extra! The lady at the drive thru asked us to pull forward to try and resolve my request. As we pulled to the pick-up window, the manager poked his head out. I told him what I ordered and asked him why it was so expensive. I told him I'd be willing to pay a dollar or so extra for the guac and sour cream, but I thought it was outlandish to pay that much extra for two tacos. His argument was that I would get more for my money. I told him I wouldn't eat all that extra sour cream and guacamole and that it would be a waste. I told him that I felt like I was wasting my time and that it seemed ridiculous to pay that much for two tacos with a little guac and sour cream. His response? "Yes, I agree with you that this seems like a waste of time!" REALLY? I couldn't believe I was getting such bad customer service and such an attitude from a manager. My friend and I were so put off that we drove away with no food and paying nothing. The owner of this place should be ashamed that they hired such a terrible manager.My first impression of this place was horrible. NICKELING AND DIMING your customers is NOT the way to keep a customer base and a consistent clientele. I will NEVER go back! They just lost a customer and because I'm well-connected in the valley, they've probably lost all my friends as customers as well.Not a good way stay in business in this economy, I'm afraid.
4	I am a huge fan of the breakfast burritos here. I usually get the egg, bacon, and cheese. I am very picky about my bacon but La Canasta makes it super crispy, which is exactly the way I like it. The best part about this location is that they have a drive-thru. It's an easy way to get some breakfast on the way to work in a hurry.
1	The food here is pretty good but horrible service. We went for lunch on Monday and stopped in about 11:15. After ordering one person waited 50 minutes for their lunch. The table next to us waited just as long. We asked where our food was each time the waitress came by and they said there was a problem. After asking the 4th time and asking to speak to a manager, they said the manager was busy. If you don't mind waiting 50 plus minutes for lunch this is the place for you.
2	There's a reason everyone calls this place La Canasty. Only saving grace is I can get a breakfast burrito at 6 am before I get to work.  Other than that the meat is grade D, like boiled meat, and the tortillas are really thick and never toasted on grill. Place is dirty as hell and prices are too high.
4	Best breakfast burritos downtown. Wait can be a little long at the drive thru so don't come here if you're in a rush.
5	I have eaten here for years and have never had a bad meal.  In my opinion, they have the best red and green sauce around.  I usually stick with the tacos, nana's favorite, the chili, and the beef and cheese burrito.  yes, it is basic sonoran fare but it is better than most mexican joints i have been to in the valley.
4	Venue is clean, and has good amount of both indoor and outdoor seating.  There is a drive through.  Service is friendly.  Food is good - pretty much on par with other similarly priced Mexican restaurants.
1	So I have been here before and thought all was well so I'd try it again. Big Mistake. BIG. The boiled meat was way to chewy and guacamole was almost sour. It was particularly the fly infestation that grossed us out. Flies everywhere and this was inside not the patio! Beyond gross and the tables were disgusting. Won't be back again. Ever. Ever.
2	Good food (best cheese enchiladas), but please do something with all the flies I won't be back until then , customer for years but find it hard to come back as the flies attack me and my food .
4	I really enjoyed this place. The guy taking orders was awesome and the red Chile is great. Its very hard to find good red Chile and they have it.
4	I really love this place. I use to live really close by. The enchiladas the tacos the quesadillas and the nanas bowl are all really delicious. The service is also really great. The chips and salsa bar are great. The two different chips are the best. The only thing i think that they can change and why i knocked off 1 star is because half of the dining area is always closed off. Some time i am forced to eat next to dirty dishes or a dirty table that they haven't had a chance to clean. Giving us that extra space and using it for what it is intended for would be nice.
4	They have consistently good food and delicious fresh made chips with salsa. Great prices for what you get.
4	They have good food. Helpful staff & Menudo on Sat.
