4	The sushi is good here but the people watching is the real reason to make a stop here.  It is a mandatory stop for me and my friends every year when we are in town to see the Giants in spring training.  It's right in the middle of Old Town Scottsdale and walking distance to surrounding bars and clubs.
3	Average sushi.  Young crowd.  Good happy hour.  Much better sushi can be had elsewhere, but it can be quite the swinging scene if you are into that sort of thing.  I used to come here when I was in college if that tells you anything...
4	Viva Las Vegas Roll!!!
4	Cold sushi!  Hot waitresses!  I have never seen so many hot waitresses in one place.  I found the sushi to be above average.
4	Great atmosphere, good sushi and a perfect way to kick off an evening on the town.  Ra is fun with groups, big or small.  Also, a good date spot if you don't mind how loud it is, even with the attractive waitstaff.  Worth a short wait, just grab a drink and check out all of the new colagen and botox.  It can be quite entertaining.
4	Fun bar. Gets PACKED during happy hour, and on weekends after 9pm. Sometimes the music is a little too loud to hold a dinner conversation. But hey maybe I'm just getting old.The sushi is CONSISTENTLY good, above average good. Yes, as other reviewers noted, you can find better. But no other sushi place I've been to in Arizona can consistently serve up good fish every time I come in.
5	This scene is the hippest restaurant in Scottsdale. Young attractive, friendly wait staff, loud music, very loud music, not a place to talk business but after business talk. Ok, no business talk when you are scoping the scenes. Place to meet people is the bar. I usually avoid club like scenes because many years of loud music has damaged some hearing drums. And I'm usually just shaking my head when someone is talking to me. But, my friend wants to check it out.It is a Friday night and only one restaurant has a crowd out side the door. We go up to the three hostess and try our luck at getting a seat. My friend wants sushi and I really need to just chill and forget the days work so I cross my fingers in both hands and tell myself that all the good karmas I've collected throughout the years, I should be able to cash in some for this.Easy...get a table for two without a wait. Now thats collecting on good karma. Walking to our table I check out the plates on other peoples table and already know what to order as appertizers. Presentation of their food gets an A+.Our lovely waitress is hip in her old converse, knows her japanese food and traditional pour of sake. As my friend is having fun, I too am happy that we were able to get in, because I was getting sick of eating in ritzy, expensive places with suits around me. Sometimes it's the mood that makes a restaurant, not just the food. Though, the food is above average if not great.Our meals included two beers, two cold sake, four appetizers, four main course came to be under 90 bucks without tip.Would I go back? Heck yes, in fact my goal is try to find another hip sushi place in San Francisco or San Jose. Who would have known this kind of place exist in Scottsdale? It is smack in the middle of tourist area where they have shops with indian motives, blown glass, so many beautiful paintings. You get to walk the strip and meet some natives, no not indians, Arizonians and other out of towners and party while shopping for very expensive items. Case in point, I saw this Dancer In Red painting but it was 12 grand. Too rich for my blood but I can always do my own and will. Arizona is the new Florida for the rich or retired. I would move here if it wasn't for the pollen count is so high. But, many people fly in for the weekend to Scottsdale for a very different scene. I can't wait to go back.
2	Yes it's hip and cool. Go there to be seen not eat. The texture of tuna sashimi was soft and limp. It seems like it was thawed out and definitely not fresh.  The seared tuna was disappointing also. The combined flavors didn't taste right. The cucumber salad was acidic.  At least the sushi rolls were somewhat decent.
4	I am an out-of-towner (from San Francisco), but have been going to RA on Scottsdale Rd since before they expanded their dining room and continue to be impressed with their service, quality of food, and their atmosphere. My first time in AZ, I was skeptical about sushi in the desert. Those reservations have long since been quelled. Their food has consistently been fresh, creatively prepared and delicious. My favorite: their Lobster-Shrimp roll on a pesto sauce. And they NEVER have run out of TORO when I wanted it-- I would add a 1/2 star for that, if I could. The service has always been efficient and professional with groups ranging from 2 to 10. The atmosphere is consistently upbeat, fun, playing the latest in pop/top 40 music, but never so loud you can't have a conversation. A great spot to start the night before heading out in Old Town.
4	"Like oh my god, I will totally get that roll over to you."  "like oh my god, I'm so sorry I forget your drinks."I felt like I was in the valley, not sure which valley, but definately a valley.  I thought our semihot waitresses head was going to explode!  4 stars though for cheap Sake Bombs!  Sake Bombs!  Man my favorite.I think this is the same place as the one in Vegas and my review would pretty much be the same.  As a San Franciscan who has about 10 million sushi options, this one out here in Vegas wasn't too bad for an out of towner.
1	Dear Ra:Get over yourself. Just sayin'.- Alicia
4	great happy hour (especially on sundays 8-11)some of the hottest waitresses you'll ever seemusic is a bit loudsushi is good not great but when you are paying 3$ per roll, you can't really complain.  good specialty rolls.
1	RA is awful. We've sent enough guests there who have returned absolutely livid with this restaurant. No serious complaints about the food, but the service is just atrocious. I admit I'm mildly addicted to the ginger dressing they use on their side salads, but the methadone for that addiction is my abhorrence for the service. I will never go back here, but I may just convince my significant other to pick me up a side salad.
2	Having worked in Phoenix/Scottsdale area for 7 months, I started noticing a trend:  things often look much better than they really are.  While the interior decorator and designer did a great job with Ra's look and layout, the chef must've been playing hooky during Japanese cuisine sessions in culinary school.  The rolls leave much to be desired, the rice dishes have that familiar Americanized, supermarket taste, and the noodle dish that I ordered was at first MIA for 35 mins then DOA on taste and creativity.The decor vs. cuisine imbalance is further slanted by the impressively dressed, ultra-primped, valley-type clientele who are served by the impressively dressed, ultra-primped, valley-type wait-staff.    They might not get your order right the first or 2nd time but dang't if they don't look good doing it.
4	Ra is very easy sushi for the uninitiated. It's fairly reliable and tasty. It's not the best sushi in the world, but c'mon - this is Arizona. Sushi snobs/connoisseurs won't think much of this place. The place is nice inside and the waitstaff is comprised of young and beautiful girls. The bar is a bit of a hot spot and the restaurant in general manages to stay busy most of the time. It seems to have a lot of 20-30somethings at the bar and high school girls in the main room. The older guys in the bar area look like they just got off work with the top buttons of their collared shirts undone, but their tans and physique suggest they put that look together. The high school girls look like they took fashion and makeup tips from Paris Hilton and then doubled it... overdone and looking like they belong on some Mtv reality show. Think: modernized 80s Madonna. I imagine them going back to school the next day and bragging to their classmates how they went and had sushi at Ra thinking they are so adult. I wanted to choke those bitches out when I was in High School - nice to see nothing ever changes.It's a good place to take someone who hasn't ever really tried sushi before or people who are scared of sushi. I like to eat here because it's close and simple. I haven't really had a bad experience yet. Sushi lovers/experts might want to steer clear.
4	RA is a sushi place for rookies.  Not that thats a bad thing, my first sushi experience, like so many other midwest transplants, was here, with the oh-so-daring California roll.  Now, I'd like to think of myself as a much more knowledgeable sushi fan, graduated long ago from the ranks of RA.Thats not to say that I dont still like to pop in for happy hour from time to time (although their happy hour menu isnt too impressive...the only rolls being spicy tuna and the cali roll) or better yet, reverse happy hour on Sunday nights.  The greater Old Town population has been to RHH at RA at least a handful of times and will continue to go back regardless of how skinny the rolls are.Why?  Because everyones doing it.  And because of the cheap saki bombs.  And because of the hot wait staff.  Hey, I call a spade a spade.  Ge there early to avoid a hellacious wait or to grab a seat at the bar and watch the rookies roll in.  No pun intended.
1	If I could give 0 stars I would, If I had the energy I would rate every Ra in the country this "0". Thank you to the Muslims for inventing the 0 as a concept. This place is completely cliched, lame, and annoying, oh did I mention the sushi is sub par, the service usually sucks, since they must only require an IQ of 28 to work here. "Yes, Billy  the fork is the thing with the four prongs on it...."*new waiter proceeds to bring said fork to table* You can go to so many better places for sushi in Phoenix, going here is only cool if you want to leave partly deaf. Even their happy hour is weak.ABRA = Anthing but Ra.
2	I didn't know Ra was a chain.The only reason why we stopped in here was because I heard the happy hour specials were awesome.Well, price-wise I was impressed.  Taste-wise, I can't complain given that it's a chain restaurant.  I will add that we were the only Asians in the restaurant so no Japanese employees.The fact that they serve the "beer and sake" special with the ochoko inside the beer mug is a strong indication of the clientle at this establishment.
2	The food is definitely NOT impressive!!  The funny thing is when I first went here 13 years ago, I was very impressed with this place, (of course I was new to sushi and going out so my best friend and I loved this place).  I am now living near San Francisco and have now gone to quite a few sushi places and thus I can tell this place sucks!  I just visited my best friend this weekend in AZ again and we decided to go back here.  First of all we sat at the sushi bar, thinking we'd get faster service.  Instead, we were disguisted by the dirty display glass, showcasing some old, brown and dirty looking sushi pieces.  We ordered the edamame which you can't really go wrong.  The potsticker soup was very tasteless, bland, and a waste of money.  You'd seriously do better boiling your own frozen potstickers with a few veggies.  The Salmon skin hand roll wasn't bad.  I liked the crunch of the salmon skin, the flavor was not bad.  I also ordered the soft shell crab sushi roll.  It was acceptable, but I've had much better. Ambiance is not bad.  Service was really slow.  Overall, I would not go back.  I wasn't satisfied and yet the bill for lunch was $54!
2	I did not think Ra was that great the past few times I've been.  It has that "trendy" vibe to it, which I think is way overrated.Being a food whore, I care more about my food than my ambiance.  Ra appears to cater to people who are looking for Americanized Japanese food.  The food is not great, but neither is it truly terrible.  The atmosphere is cutesy, but I like more chill and unpretentious restaurants.I'm pretty sure that Scottsdale has to have better sushi than what can be found at Ra.
2	I second the comments about a strong trendy vibe, with a letdown on quality. I expected more from desert sushi.
1	If you're looking for a trendy place with loud music and good people watching, this is a great place to go. The sushi bar is enormous, the decor is cool, the music is rockin'.  But if you're looking for great sushi, go elsewhere.
5	I was in the Phoenix area for a few days, and wanted to find something that wasn't just one variation or another on Southwest/TexMex/NewMex/MexiMex cuisine. Although initially pointed towards a nearby steakhouse, the spring training-inflated clientele proved daunting, and as my two colleagues and I all had a need to feed, the shorter wait time at Ra proved compelling. It was a happenstance not to be regretted. I was particularly pleased with a kiwi/scallop dish that had that perfect blend of piquance and meaty scallop flavor, while another at our table polished off the salmon skin with obvious relish. I'm blanking on the roll I had, but it promised spicy and delivered on it. The mixed drink selections were inventive and tasty, and the waiter we had proved quite cooperative in helping make sure I wasn't served any gluten stealthily (as it might be with the soy sauce or on unagi, for example). The only downside to the experience was the overly load speaker planted over our table outside, which along with the competing noise from the street traffic made conversation difficult. Still, this seems very much a see-and-be-seen place, and perhaps conversation is overrated for most of Ra's patrons. Regardless, they'll be eating well, and I know where to go for sushi the next time March rolls around and I find myself in town to catch some spring training baseball.
4	Nice hip atmosphere...who know Arizona could be trendy?  Interesting fusion sushi rolls: Crazy Monkey Roll - smoked salmon,mango,and cream cheese topped with avocado, red tempura bits, cashew nuts and drizzeld with mango sauce; Mexican inspired roll that had jalapeno, pico de gallo and fish.  This place got me interested in seeing if I can find restaurants back in Cali with fusion sushi rolls.
4	Good basic sushi.  This location is less dark/hip/annoyingly loud than the one on Mill in Tempe.  I like it and I'd go back.
5	Just went last night...Great! We sat at the sushi bar where you can watch the guys slicin' n' dicin'. I ordered the Udon noodles and chicken. SO good. Just the right amount of spice, but not too hot that it takes away from the flavor. Everyone was very nice and helpful... we got the lady up front to help us get a cab.
4	I like the Ra.  Trendy.  Good modern music.  Cool big red ball lights.  It feels good in there.  Huge sushi bar with good dude sushi chefs.I sat down at the sushi bar and, as per my standard, told the sushi chef to make me what he likes.  It's best this way.  You don't know if the Ahi is fresh, hopefully he does.  And wow, I was a little surprised.  Usually "cool" sushi places don't have the greatest fish.  Sure, good looking rolls, but avoid the pieces.  Ra didn't just not disappoint, it impressed.  Great food.I think the best the chef came up with was a yellow tail sashimi.  Second was a roll that got dipped in a "pesto-ish" sauce.Good times all around.
2	I would like to have eaten here but they didn't seem to want to serve us.  It was a Monday evening and the restaurant was only 1/3 full.  We were seated for 15+ minutes without anyone acknowledging us.  We even tried to flag down the hostess to find out where our waiter was and she kept walking by. The music was a little too loud  and the interior was predictable.I am giving 2 stars b/c I have been to another Ra location and liked their sushi.
3	I've been to Ra numerous times, and I think it's pretty consistent.  If you're not into loud music or a Scottsdale 'scene,' stay away.  However, if you want decent sushi in a trendy atmosphere, Ra will deliver.Sunday night is 'industry night' and after 8:30 there are lots of specials to choose from.  I went with a group tonight and we shared edamame and a variety of rolls, including california, yellowtail, spicy tuna, tootsy maki, salmon nigiri, and more.  I also enjoy the seaweed salad and miso soup at Ra... there is something for everyone from sushi connoisseurs to those that won't touch anything raw.This location will allow you to bring your dog as long as it's outside of the fence.  Great patio overlooking the Kierland parking lot ;) In summary, I think it's above average sushi for a chain restaurant - don't go in with the highest expectations and you'll be satisfied!Thanks to our server, Sara, for putting up with our group - we had a few obnoxious guys with us tonight :)
3	Ra Sushi offers average sushi grade.  This chain of restaurants offers a hip atmosphere with loud music and a great place to take down some drinks while eating.  As an Asian I'm a little more passionate about the rating topic for Ra.  If you don't have much  to say about a restaurant please think about rating it four stars.
3	I can't really comment on the food here because I didn't eat here, but the drinks weren't the greatest. I have to say, our bartender was nice enough but the place was so sadly empty for a thursday nite.I actually enjoyed the music there (both variety and volume.)
2	I love the concept of Ra. The crowd and scene work nicely. However, the sushi is consistently warm. YUK! I have tried to go back several times and to different locations to determine if it was just a bad night, but no such luck. Plus, I have heard this from several other people who won't go back. My hope in writing this is that someone from Ra reads it and amps up their sushi attention.
2	Trendy, over priced, typical snotty scottsdale attitudes. The only thing they have that I adore is their iced green tea. It is super yummy, but not worth enduring the price and attitude for.
1	Many of times I've overheard someone in passing talk about how "RA has the best sushi, ever!"I've only eaten here once. It was one of the first places I ate after moving here from L.A. and man was I dissapointed. The first bite I took into the my tuna sashimi, I was greeted with a nice frozen center. Nothing like fresh...uhhhh....frozen sushi. I sent that back. It's horribly overpriced too, not to mention douche/boob job central. I'd never pay that much for shitty sushi again.
2	We got an assortment of sushi, rolls, sashimi, etc.  The fish was fresh but the rolls weren't very impressive.  They were almost over the top and trying to hard.  The atmosphere is more of club than a suhsi bar.  The prices are also relatively high.  But if you want to be seen somewhere, how can you put a price on that.
1	Ew.Thats a compliment, too.I don't want syrup in my martini and I've had better sushi from the grocery store.  I'd rather stay home.
3	Not the best sushi...but good.  I do enjoy going there for drinks and the crowd.  Great looking peeps, good music, good drinks, friendly service, good location, good sushi..Im a happy girl;)
2	RA to me is what Dorsia is to Patrick Bateman. The sushi is "meh." and people go because it's trendy as fleck. I spent most of my experience at the bar, so It's halfway decent as in "Another Sapporo? Duh." (hence the 2 stars). That classic line "it is what it is" reeks.. To shed some light, it's a good spot to meet friends before you head to venue #2. I think the only authentic Japanese item in this place was my watch. Just sayin'.
4	I give RA 4 stars mainly because I had a great time there.  I was with a fairly big group, most of whom hadn't seen each other in a few.  You could tell that most of the girls in the place were only there because they think eating sushi is "trendy".  You're stupid.  Anyway, the sushi was better than that of the RA in Chicago, so I was pleased.  My martini would have probably been a little too strong for most, but those that know me know that "too strong" is not in my vocabulary when it comes to alcohol, so I didn't mind.Overall, it was a pleasant experience and if I lived in the area, I would go back again, however, on my next trip out there, I would like to try another sushi establishment.
1	RA is to sushi what date rape is to romance.
1	This is the all time worst place to eat sushi.  No matter where I go to consume some sushi, the most common thing we sushi loves complain about is RA.  The waitstaff is rude there, the music is "THUMPING", the clientelle is stuck up and irritating.  The food is not good either.  They commonly even mess up the Sake.  I always like my food spicy.  The last time I was there, I advised them to make my tuna roll spicy and instructed them on how to do it.  The guy just looked at me and laughed and walked away to talk to some girls who were hostesses or something.  The food finally arrived and it was gross.  I had to kill the taste with a beer and the server took forever to notice me.  I can't even finish this review I am getting so irritated!!
1	In 18 years of sushi eating Ra is 1 of 2 places I have ever sent something back.  Review complete.
3	I went to RA  for happy hour last Thursday night and had a great time. They have pretty good happy hour specials. RA isn't my favorite sushi place because it's pretty standard, but it's consistent. The pineapple chicken appetizer is a must have. Good people watching, good service.
4	I want to hate Ra because, well, it's Ra. But the truth is, every time I come here I leave happy and satisfied. Being a Veggie, sushi is really hit-or-miss but I always seem to get pretty lucky here. Tonight was no exception. Everything was really full of flavor and really fresh. You are probably thinking that it is hard to mess up veggies, but I have had some bad sushi before (Stingray!!!!!!) I was stoked when I asked the waitress to recommend a Chard (they had four) and she actually made a suggestion. I was really happy with it and was even more delighted that she pointed out something on the happy hour menu. I really like the atmosphere. I have a thing for balls. I mean red orbs. Only complaint is that the music is normally wayyyyy too loud. The service is always really good, so they balance one another out.Oh...we also tried the Cinnamon tempura ice cream with raspberry drizzle. OH MY FREAKING GOD. It was... absolutely orgasmic! YUM!Now if they could only fix the parking issue...
4	we are huge fans of their reverse happy hour on sundays. we get great service and are out of there before the uppity crowd arrives for some fool-snobbery. ra is a great sushi staple in the valley.
1	OMG. People need to wake up. Ra was good once. When it FIRST opened. Now that it is corporate and owned by Benihana it has turned into the Applebees of the sushi world. One thing I dont want a sushi restaurant to skimp on is the quality of fish. It has gone downhill. The Old Town location is the worst. How they get away with it with so much competition is nuts. Thank GOD the new Pure Sushi location just opened. It is in the Scottsdale Civic Center next to the Mondrian and AZ88. Beautiful, stylish place.  Google map that shit! The only sushi restaurant that should be more ashamed of themselves is Sushi Roku. But at least they are new and still workin out kinks. Anyway.. Happy New Year all!
2	I really hate to give bad reviews on ANYTHING...but, Ra deserves it. I mean, I went there once. It was dim, too loud, and waaaay too crowded for my tastes. They had some interesting sushi items up at the bar (the sushi bar was pretty decent), but the chef delightfully FORGETS to tell you what a sushi is if you ask (I ended up ordering a salmon roe roll...I almost threw up). Plus, the waiters and waitresses could be better and a little more attentive.All in all, if you want some all right food in a pinch, then Ra is okay. Otherwise...I wouldn't dare venture in there again to order food.
2	I am SO glad i didn't listen to my friends and booked a dinner at Rushi Roku as well while I was in town.  My friends are Phoenix/Scottsadle locals and told me that Ra is the place to be, but after we had a girls lunch here, I am so glad I didn't have dinner here as well.The decor is standard but the food is pretty average.  However, the prices are very reasonable for lunch.  They have this huge fruity alcoholic that's fun to share.  The food was pretty average - I had some unagi sushi, shared the skewer appetizers, and had a sushi/sashimi box for lunch.I was disappointed since our friends were raving about this place, but then again, they're not really sushi eaters (more of the California roll types).  For people who like sushi/sashimi, I would go elsewhere if you're looking for more unique fishes like yellowtail, etc... - you will get better quality elsewhere.
1	One star because I can't give zero.  Or maybe a star for the server - after her initial bitchiness i got the feeling that she felt sorry for my hungry ass.  Why?  Because it took about an hour for me to get my food - and when it came it wasn't worth the wait.  Here's the deal - I walked in alone and asked to be seated outside. The restaurant was crowded and the music really loud.   When I sat down a seemingly nice server came over took my drink order (hot green tea) and brought it over pretty quickly.  I had already decided what to have - I'm a creature of habit when it comes to sushi, so I placed the order, sat back and relaxed to enjoy reading my book.  About 15 minutes later, the server comes over to say that the sushi bar is slammed and that it will take 30 more minutes for my food to prepared.  When I communicated to her that I wasn't really happy about this, she told me that she'd understand if I left.  But where am I going?  By the time I get up and walk over to another restaurant, wait for a table and be served, it would take longer so I decide to stay.   What a mistake.  After half an hour comes and goes, I turn around to look inside and THERES NOBODY SITTING AT THE SUSHI BAR!!!  I was pissed!  Why am I waiting???  Apparently there were two large tables that ordered a lot of food, but WTF???  I'm one person who only ordered a few pieces of sushi for gods sake.  I finally say to the girl  - hey - can they at least send me a portion of my order???  So she comes back with half the order and about 10 minutes later the rest.   I take a bite and am gobsmacked to find the rice practically crunchy.  It was actually hard.   So I picked away most of the rice, ate the fish and asked for the check.  A manager came over and offered me a drink coupon for my next visit.  Did she not notice that I was drinking tea?   I told her that I don't live in the area and asked that she take something off the bill - which she did.  But nothing would inspire me to go to this restaurant again.  I mean, really - it's a large place that seats tons of people.  You'd think that they'd be prepared to feed the amount of people who occupy the place in a somewhat timely manner.  While it was crowded, it wasn't like there was a wait out the door and every seat filled.  Talk about poor management.  Find your sushi elsewhere in Scottsdale!
4	True, this place is often crowded, a bit loud, and getting your sushi takes a little while.  Anyway, the sushi is very good and the price is reasonable.  This is the place to go for a few rolls and bombers.  Their happy hour is also very good.
3	I always have a good time when I go to Ra. It's not my first choice for sushi, but I like it's fun environment and spacious dining room. Go for happy hour to save some coin and eat some good food if you're in Old Town.
3	This place is okay. I really liked the Crunchy Spicy Tuna. It's fried rice cakes with spicy tuna on top. The seared ahi tuna  dinner was not good at all. I barely had a couple bites. It was very tough and overcooked. Definitely more than seared. It might have been better if it was thinly sliced for me. Our server was very nice and came back often to refill our water glasses.50% off some appetizers and sushi (including the Crunch Spicy Tuna) makes this place worthwhile during happy hour which lasts until 7pm.Don't come here if you don't like loud music! Seems like they're trying to be a club as well as restaurant.
3	I would say the reviews are pretty acurate for this place.  If you want a quiet meal this is definitely not your place.  The music was quite loud and it was packed (30 minute wait for a table for 2) so we ate at the sushi bar.  Seaweed salad = good, tasted just like one from our local sushi restaurant in Modesto.  Happy hour drinks = sapporo for $3.  some of the rolls and appetizers are also 1/2 off but did not show up on our bill.  we didn't feel like arguing because the price wasn't extreme and we had already had misscommunications with the waitress when she brought seasoned squid instead of seaweed salad.  Catepillar roll, yellowtail nigiri, and gojira roll were good but nothing spectacular. We ordered the Viva Las Vegas roll because it was 1/2 on happy hour menu.  the pieces were so big I had to cut them in half with my chopstick to fit it in my mouth!  the toasted chip like thing on top of the pieces of roll tasted like a spicy Dorito chip.  Fun place to experience but I don't feel a strong desire to go back if I"m ever in Scottsdale again.
4	Met up here with a big group of friends who had reserved a table the day before. I think there was 12 of us. They sat us in the back corner of restaurant (which was fine by me) because we had space to move around and didn't feel cramped. I like the sushi here... The rolls we got were just fine in my book so no complaints there. I think we got the Vegas, spicy tuna and the Shrimp tempura rolls. The Server... Ok the server was awesome! She was able to split the bill per couple, bring the food and drinks in a (can't say timely because it's too close to spendy or pricey) So, She was on it is all I have to say! Good job on that night. They were busy and things went really well. Exceeded my expectations. Good place to start the night if you are going to hang out in old town.
3	Sushi is so so, but their Vegas roll is AWESOME. Service can be ridiculously slow on the weekend and the loud music can be a bit of a buzzkill, but the mixed drinks are unique and don't skimp on the booze, so that makes up for a lot. Going in a group can really drag out how long you're there, so I usually just go with one or two other people.
1	The sushi is alright. Service was terrible and annoying and the music is to loud. I was trying to count the number of douche bags and annoying chicks but I legitimately can not count that high. You will wait forever to be seated and ignored if you do not buy alcohol. There are 10 other places I will go to before i go to any Ra resturant.
1	I think I'm a pretty easy guy to please, at least after reading a lot of reviews on Yelp.  I have had such few poor experiences at pretty much any business that I would have to rack my brain to think of one.This is one of them.Note: I went here two years ago.I was new to Arizona, and wanted to try out the sushi locales.  I walk into this business to see the ditzy blonde hostess standing there, looking bored.Me: "I'd like a seat, please."DBH rolls her eyes.  "Just you?"Me: "...  Yes."I am then seated in the corner by the restrooms, with the rest of the restaurant being empty.I wait 20 minutes for my food, which tastes fine to me.  All the while, I am ignored by the wait staff.  This continues as I run out of water, and as I finish my food and wait awhile for my check.  I leave a tip of 10 cents and walk out, stunned by the experience.I had taken it personally until I read the reviews of all the other people on here.  I guess I should feel better that it wasn't just me that Ra Sushi seemed to dislike so intently.
1	I give this location no love.  We went to this one rather than the one uptown on a Saturday night with a voucher from another location from a bad sushi upchuck experience.  Going late at night with a mostly empty restaurant, we still ended up waiting 10 minutes to be sat, then SHOVED and I mean shoved in next to the only other table in the place - the hostess snickered at me when I kindly asked to move a single table down (really sick of bitchy hostesses in Scottsdale by the way - your job is not that hard so shut up and color for christs sake)  Our waitress took another 10 minutes just to greet us, sushi took forever, and if you can believe it the fun hadnt even begun yet.  When paying the bill, we present the voucher to the waitress, who says she cant take it.  The manager came over with a bitchy look, basically trying to call it bull shyt and continued to give us the 5th degree about it for the next few minutes - certainly NOT appreciated.  She takes it to the point where she calls the other location where we got it (taking ANOTHER 10 minutes) and finally gives us our bill back - only taking off our 2 rolls and 2 nigiri.  This created one pissed off yelper instantaneously.Don't bother with this location - you could find bomb shrapnel in your soup and they still wouldnt give a damn.  And for the sake of all that is holy - STOP WITH THE CRAZY I'M-TOO-SEXY-FOR-MYSELF SCENE!  YOU'RE NOT THAT COOL!
4	Awesome place to chill out. Lots of eye candy!  Highly recommend you sit outside and dine with the locals. You can also smoke outside. Good sushi (not great). Great ambiance thought. This North Scottsdale location is much better than the downtown location.
2	Having lived in Japan for a year, it still amazes me what actually passes for 'sushi' in this town.  A couple of rice paper lanterns, and some raw fish tossed on a plate, is definitely not the standard I am used to.  Call me a purist, but I prefer my sushi chef to be Japanese...Not a white or hispanic high school drop-out.  Seriously, in Japan, the sushi apprentices are not allow to actually touch fish for at least two years....They are sharpening knives, making deliveries, etc. -- They learn to respect the career.  At RA, the food is marginal at best, and the decor is worse.  Plus, the rock 'n roll blaring during happy hour was the final straw for me.  Definitely skip this chain, and go to any other sushi place....You can't do any worse.
2	Good: the eye candy is delicious, and the udon is decent.Neutral/Bad: pretty much everything else. I couldn't hear but maybe 20% of what my dinner companions were saying over the blaring music, even when they were sitting right next to me. Overabundance of loud, obnoxious Guidos and douchebags with the obligatory popped collars and fauxhawks. I'm a sushi n00b, but even I could tell the bland, limp things my companions ordered were not right - if it's supposed to be tuna, shouldn't it be at least marginally tuna-flavored? The green tea tastes like coarsely-ground tree bark and looks like antifreeze. Finally, being in Old Town, parking is non-existent unless you're willing to walk from one of the public lots.I'm not going back, not even on a bet. There's plenty of better sushi places in the Valley.
4	I'm definitely stretching to give this place the 4 star entirely on the crazy red globes hanging from the ceiling and the slamming soundtrack that is pumped in there. I wouldn't do that if I thought the food was crap (because it wasn't), however: I completely don't get why you'd want to eat sushi in what is essentially a dance club environment. Or why you'd want to eat anything when the urge to groove is much higher than the urge to consume sushified things. As you can see from the other reviews, the panning of the clientele and possibly the food (although I thought it was pretty good) might make you not want to search for this place, particularly since it's sushi. However, since it's summer in Scottsdale now, there's a lot of the regular crowd gone, and the place was pretty empty when we were in there.So ask yourself: do you want to jump around in your seat while you slam sake and fish? If the answer is "nein", then perhaps go elsewhere. (btw, that tv over the bar showing sports stuff is so out of place in this environment I don't see how it hasn't slunk off on its own).
4	first happy hour since we arrived back to scottsdale and this place still has one of the best. the sushi and sake are well priced, but still....what's up with the freaking music!!! it's like a club in there, so loud. and when did the waitresses start dressing like skanky school girls? they're nice to look at, but it gives the place a kind of, i don't know, colleg-ish bar feel?
2	Meh.... we stopped here after arriving here at 11pm and just stopped here because it was the first place we saw that was open.  This place is definitely trying too hard for the cool and hip clubbing sushi place and it definitely had the loudest music of any place I've been to in that genre.  But anyways, the food was decent, and it satisfied the Lady's uni craving.  Geez I need to find a source for those uni blocks....
4	We decided to sit outside because the night was so nice. The "patio" was along side the road and speakers filled the night with really, really loud music. It was so loud it was kind of funny. We couldn't hear the waitress or each other sometimes. A nice touch but a little over done. We had the crispy soft shell crab as a starter. I took one bite and the wife took about six. The rest stayed on the plate. Don't order this. The Ultimate Shrimp Tempura arrived next. It was pretty good, something I would order again. It would have been better with a little tobiko but I suppose I am not really a sushi chef... We had the Tunacado as well. The only thing wrong with this was that it wasn't double the size. The Tuna was fresh and so was the avocado. The sauce in the middle was really good. The next thing to try was the Tuna Tataki. Being that the Tunacado was so good. For some reason it wasn't quite as good as the Tunacado. Must have been the sauce or something. It was still nice but the Tunacado is better. We also ordered the Zonie roll. Spicy Salmon (which we substituted Ahi for), cucumber, cilantro, jalapeno and topped with avocado and sriracha. After I ordered it I decided to Google sriracha. Turns out its Thai hot sauce. The Thai know how to do hot. I enjoyed it but it only came with a dab on each piece of the roll and any more would have been overpowering. I really liked the fact that we could substitute the salmon out and the Ahi was great. Maybe I am a sushi chef after all...
4	I don't understand how this place only has 3 stars.  I went for the first time last night and it was delicious.  Plus the atmosphere is very cool and trendy.  The specialty rolls are really unique and tasty.  The only thing I could complain about is that some rolls only have 4 pieces.  I'll definitely go back here again.  Get the Viva Las Vegas Roll.  It's amazing!
3	Good Happy Hour specials on drinks, sushi and select apps until 7pm.  Service was okay... My fiance who is living out in Scottsdale for two months loves this place, but he likes every sushi place.  We ordered way too much food and it was all just okay.  Liked the shrimp tempura and the spicy tuna rolls but hated the crispy soft shell crab.
4	I like Ra for their Happy Hour. It has a fun atmosphere and is a good place to go with a group. Almost all sushi, appetizers  and drinks are 50% off so you can eat a and drink for a reasonable price. I loved their Blushing Geisha cocktail! It's tart and sweet and goes down oh so easy. We started out with the tootsy maki , shrimp tempura, and Las Vegas roll. The shrimp tempura and tootsy maki were very yummy. Everyone at my table raved about the Las Vegas roll, which was okay, but I preferred the tootsy maki. We also ordered the lobster spring rolls which I didn't care for. They were pretty bland and I wouldn't have guessed it was lobster if lobster wasn't in the name. Overall, I would recommend Ra to people looking for a fun Happy Hour at a great price.
4	Some people hate chain restaurants, but so far I haven`t had any issues with this Ra or the one at Kierlands. Sushi was fresh, flavorful and just right. Take advantage of their happy hour , good specials!I`m a sashimi fan so had the salmon and halibut. Very good.  And so was the ultimate shrimp tempura roll. Lively atmosphere and another people watch place!
3	I like coming here after work because they have a good happy hour menu. I like the edamame, philadelphia roll, shrimp tempura roll, and viva las vegas roll. I've tried most of the other rolls and thought they were kind of blah. The martinis aren't that strong. I agree with the other reviewers that it's very loud inside. The Kierland location is much quieter and has more tables outside. They won't seat you until your whole party gets there (even if there is no where to sit at the bar), but that seems to be standard at a lot of restaurants nowadays.
4	After passing this up for other sushi places in the area a few friends and I stopped in one night, we drank and ate surprisingly the food was fantastic and well priced, the music was good and the gals were hot.. The atmosphere was fun and the staff treats you well.  Being from California I have ate at many sushi bars but I must say I was pleasantly surprised and will defiantly be eating there more often.
2	Mleh.This is the douchebag, trendy, techno, college, bimbo place to be.  The sushi itself is nothing special.  If you're looking for good sushi, there are many better places to go.  If you're looking for everything most people hate about Scottsdale, you've found it at RA.
1	10:30pm on a Saturday night. My friend and I try our second attempt at sushi for the night (see my review of Pearl for the first). Place is hopping. We take a seat at the sushi bar.The Waitress:  "Are you girls going to be ordering sushi?"Me: I have a sushi menu in my hand, "yes."Waitress:  "Would you mind putting it in soon because they want to go home too."Me: What the fuck, bitch. "Uh, ok"Dear Ra Waitress,I'm sorry if I kept you or any other employees, especially since I finished eating my roll before your kitchen even closed. It was completely ok to rush me, even though I had no intention of staying all fucking night and even though plenty of new sushi orders came after mine. I was hardly the last customer in there. There were people all around me ordering sushi, so I'm still unclear as to why you needed to rush me. If you were in such a hurry- why did it take you longer to bring and process my bill than it did for me to eat your food? Maybe it was because you don't know how to count, since you gave the wrong amount of change and I ended up having to tell you the correct amount since you couldn't count it on the spot. I like Ra for the atmosphere, something you completely ruined. Thanks for that.   Sincerely,Morgan
2	I have been going to Ra for years and lately I have not been a fan....I'm not sure if the restaurant is getting worse or that my taste in sushi has improved since my college days....but either way it is not good. It is always too loud in there to where you can barely have a conversation at your table...and their food is sub-par.If you want great sushi...I suggest going else-where....Not to mention....I got food poisoning there in June of 09 that required a trip to the ER.  When I later called the manager to notify them of the situation....he seemed pretty unconcerned.  He didn't offer me anything...not even to pay for my dinner that later landed me a $200 ER bill!!!
3	Not sure why Ra get's such a bad rap.  The sushi is pretty good -- not outstanding, but middle of the road.  There are many other places to go for better sushi, but this place is still solid.  Plus there are many non-sushi appetizers that are quite good.  The "scene" may be a little too distracting for some.  So if you want to enjoy your food in some peace and hear the conversation of your companions, this bar is not the place to do it.
3	We couldn't get into Ocean Club, so we ended up at RA Sushi.  A very cool & chic ambiance.  Menu was good and looks like it's a fun place.However, I was very annoyed at the level of service.  We ordered 3 things...  and she forgot one of them.  I mean really?  I didn't make a big deal of it as we weren't in a hurry.  Would we go back?  Only if we couldn't get a table at the Ocean Club.
2	I'm probably banned from life here after trying the sake bombers... enter AngrySakeBarbie. Scottsdale Ra doesn't really impress me. With so many other sushi choices, it's not a destination of choice. Sushi is bland and not anything to write home about. Service here is average if you can get it.  Happy hour prices are pretty decent if you can get a table and keep the servers from ditching you.We had a group of six and waited 45 minutes for sushi orders. Empty glasses and no follow up on WTF happened to our order. The sake bombers only made my last season Prada-stomping feet go into overdrive. Enter at your own Happy Hour risk.
3	This place is a lot of fun.  I know a lot of people complain about how the music is so loud and stuff but i think that's what makes it feel like a night out/dinner.  I love going here with my girlfriends before we go out or eve on a Monday night when we just need to grab a bite and a beer.  As far as consistency goes it gets and A+...even for take out.  I've called and made numerous takeout orders and i'm never disappointed (i'm not gonna say it's as good as eating there-cuz i don't think you can say that about anywhere, but for sushi-it's as good as it gets).Overall this place is great for meeting up with friends, ordering some unique sushi creations and having a drink.
4	When we went to RA it was a Sunday night and this place was hoppin at 9:30.  We couldn't believe it.  The drink and food specials were amazing.  We ordered Saketinis, a spiked lemonade and a Tsunami Punch.  We ended up ordering a crispy spicy tuna roll, one like no other, and sitting back to watch the people.  RA was amazing.  The drinks were good and sushi as good if not better.  Anytime we return to Scottsdale, RA is going to be a must stop!
3	Was in town for spring training and stopped by for an early dinner.  I was not impressed with the cut roll choices; seriously, do ALL rolls have to have cream cheese in them???  Seemed like 8 out of 10 did.  We opted instead for some pot stickers, which I admit were very good, the crab cakes, which were solid but nothing to get in a tizzy about, a roll which I can't remember now because it was that forgettable, and some yellowtail sashimi that was decent.  Overall as a dining experience I guess it was OK, I was just looking for more of a sushi experience.  Agree with others that have said it's ridiculously loud in there, turn the friggin music down!  This a night club or a restaurant?  Eh.  I'll try someplace else next time I'm in Scottsdale.
3	I would call this a trendy, but low-end quality Japanese place.  Everything on the menu is just plain average, that's all.  Happy Hour is just okay.All the location's decor is nice and modern with trendy crowds.
2	It's a lively place for happy hour and it's loud by 7pm on a Friday and crowded. The food is okay. I tried 4 different items but was most impressed with the tempura shrimp. I don't frequent sushi bars but I love Japanese food otherwise. I tried their sushi a crab roll it was no biggie, Neither was the short ribs or the spicy sesame wings. The plate presentation for the dishes were nice, I'll give them that.
3	One day in the not-so-distant past, I had a craving for sushi for lunch. (Which, granted, is not unlike most days.) No one at work wanted to join, so I hit RA solo, no problem. I'd been there before a dozen times, and the food was always good, if not a little expensive. And I had hoped the service wouldn't be as slow as it had been in the past for me, but I was oh so wrong.Case in point:On this particular visit, I ended up waiting *forever* for my food. I did ask, once, and someone told me it would be "right out." Finally, a server came by, noticed me twiddling my thumbs ...Server: "Oh my gosh, you look like such a lonely girl, with no food and just waiting to eat all by yourself! I'll go check on your food!"Anyway, I paraphrased, but that was the gist. Who says that?! Now, I've never been a server before, but aren't you NOT supposed to call attention to the fact that some patrons may be dining alone? She did apologize later, but between that and the wait, it kind of ruined the whole experience for me. I'll try RA again, I might just wait a while.
2	It's okay. Between Olive Garden, Denny's, Friendly's and this place I'd rather eat here but the sushi is strictly eh. The atmosphere is hip enough but the music is anti-sushi techno rap. We sat at the bar and split three different kinds of rolls, all house specials. The gorilla makis aren't bad. At least they are helped by the zip of the saracha sauce. Something I HATE to see at sushi bars is the advance making of gobs of tuna rolls for quick slicing and service later. Strictly amateur and while it might be good for cranking volume it slaps the freshness imperative right in the face. Worse, in the hour that we sat there the 30 plus pre-made rolls sat on a cafeteria tray on the TOP of the sushi bar. I doubt the health department would be too thrilled about this, to say nothing of the unwitting customers who ate them later.
3	I wouldn't pick it but I like it. They have these wasabi mashed potatoes that are awesome. and these sesame ginger hot wings that are awesome. Their tempura veggies are pretty great. I am so that girl who picks all of the random happy hour menu items and eats it as a meal. I don't really like seafood so I struggle with sushi. I like it when it's covered in wasabi and drenched in soy sauce- to the point where you can't taste it. in fact, i once said 'I am a pussy eater' while dining at RA. In my mind that translated to 'i can only handle wimpy sushi like california rolls so please stop asking me to try your octopus salad' but that is NOT what it translated to everyone else, and i am sure i will never hear the end of it. I only go during happy hour because it's freakin expensive! and i don't even like it enough to eat an entire roll so i'm usually starving within a few hours.
4	There are other places in town that are less expensive with better sushi choices, and not as loud, but I had an experience today that inspired me to write here this evening. I go to Ra (Scottsdale Rd) somewhat frequently for their lunch special which is a good deal: miso soup, yummy salad with addictive ginger dressing, a california roll and four pieces of nigiri. Good stuff. I usually upgrade to a rainbow roll and just pay the difference. A few months ago I went to a different sushi place in Tempe. I paid with cash and when my change was returned, the server had "rounded up" and treated himself to a presumptuous tip (he didn't return my coins). I called the manager over, went home and wrote a bad review on Yelp, tell people not to go to that restaurant and won't return to eat there again.This afternoon I sat at the sushi bar, had excellent service, good happy hour eats, and good discussion with the young sushi chef. I paid with cash and my Ra server gave me back my change ... minus coins. I immediately got tense and thought "great, here we go again." I called her over to explain. She said that she had rounded-up - in my favor. I counted my bills and saw that she had indeed given me back my change plus a little extra. She said that she didn't have coins, so she just gave me the difference. I thought that was very cool. I thanked her, and left a big tip.Now I'm writing about my good experience at Ra Sushi on Scottsdale Road and will definitely keep going there. It's amazing how one little gesture will have such ripples.
4	This place has great service most of the time. Every now and again you get the one server who is just terrible. Last time I went Alice Cooper was sitting in the table next to me. That was cool. "We are not worthy, we are not worthy...."Happy Hour is the ONLY time to go. Things are moderately priced then. Including the $500 Coronas. Its hit and miss whether or not the server will let you continue to get happy hour prices after happy hour. Usually, it is a  miss.
3	Definitely not my favorite Sushi in the valley but the Happy Hour is way way worth it if you need a Sushi fix and your pockets are dead.The Gyoza is delish.  The Rolls and Nigiri on the Happy Hour menu suffice and do the trick.  Sake/Beer specials put the cap on.  Even though it was packed there is plenty of seating available.People watching rivals the zoo.  My favorite spot is at the bar in the cocktail area.  Best and quickest service assured.  Then again, I sit at the bar everywhere.  Happy Hour, yes.  Un-Happy Hour, no.
3	Solid 3 all around. The ambiance was fantastic, the service was impeccable, but I wasn't impressed with my food at all. I had the terriyaki rice bowl and it was good, but not great. It looked really pretty, but like a lot of things in Scottsdale, there wasn't much substance beyond the pretty exterior to speak of. I'm going to give RA another chance for lunch sometime since everyone I was with raved about their food. I'll order off the Sushi menu though...
3	Woo RA!  I'm starting to get a good feel for sushi lately.  I like this RA; always busy and makes me feel like I'm somebody important when I get a seat.  This was actually the first RA Sushi I attended when I first appeared into the scene.  I appreciate their consistancy here - it is what it is....Service - they seem to always be on top of it.  Granted maybe it's the alcohol talking - everythings moving a little quicker than me :)  The appearance hasn't changed much, but I can't complain; red balls hanging from the ceiling makes me want more sushi ... right? Or should I try to kick it?  Drink specials are a must here so attend happy hour when possible and enjoy my friends!
4	First time in AZ  + First time melting in 117 degree heat+First time trying sushi =  L O V E    Ok i'm def. no sushi expert but ever since trying it here at RA, im hooked!!  the rolls in my opinion are creative and fun, and the appetizers (especially the lobster spring rolls) are DELISH!!  Its got a trendy vibe kind of on the darker side which i loved and the servers were helpful and knowledgable with all our questions.  So that was a year and  a half ago and RA is still a must for us :)   Go for happy hour and you will def leave happy :)
4	Had dinner last night at Ra in Scottsdale and was very pleased. Good service, decent drink specials during happy hour, and great sushi!
3	I went again today, and got the Avocado rolls. Nothing special... The green tea smelled like feet and was cold. I'm sorry RA, I know you hang out the cool kids, but if I want sushi I'm going to find someplace a little less mediocre.
3	Yeah, you're trendy, but I like ya.  Yeah, you're a chain, but I still like ya.Yeah, you're named after the bad guy in Stargate, I still like ya.  Although, this place can be hit or miss.  Pretty decent rolls and good lunch specials.  Sometimes service is good sometimes not so much.  I like their more creative rolls, like the Viva Las Vegas roll and the Tootsie Maki Roll. Pretty good overall; there are better and there are worse.  That's all I got to say about that.
4	I normally go for reverse happy hour on Sundays! I have only had good experiences at RA! I dont really do sushi but I do drinks specials, My friedns normally get the sushi and they love it, the prices are really cheap during happy hour time! I normally eat the spicy seaseme chicken wings, shrimp tempura, pork gyoza, and I have tried the california roll and vegas rolls. Great place to hang out on Sunday night, it can be your pre party or  a chill spot!
3	Happy Hour prices were amazing here - I enjoyed a solitary evening during a business trip - food and drinks all within the "per diem" budget.Service is questionable while the crowd - oh well, it's Arizona - what do you expect?
3	I can't remember the exact name of the plates we ordered at RA Sushi, but there was definitely tuna, salmon, and hamachi sashimi.  I skipped tuna, but the latter two were very fresh.  I think this places is popular because of its look and feel.  It's very vibrant with colors, decor, music, and even the presentation of the food.  If you're looking for a lively, fun, and trendy spot then this is the place for you!
4	The happy hour here is pretty sweet. Sake and Kirin is $6 during happy hour as well as a plethora of sushi and appetizers for half off. I got gyoza, shrimp tempura roll, california roll, and their wings and didn't spend more than $15. Everything tasted good and the service was pretty good. We were lucky to find parking right out front but it looked like it could be an issue on a busy night. Sit outside. You can people watch and enjoy the beauty of Old Town Scottsdale.
3	I came here on business trip with a co-worker.  Good vibe, good waitresses, beautiful women, okay food.  Based on strictly food, this place was just okay.  Being from the bay area and trying sushi in Hawaii, the sushi here is just alright.  The sushi wasn't very fresh at all.  I checked in to Foursquare and got a FREE miso soup.  I was really excited for this miso soup, and right when I tasted it, I was not impressed at all.  It was just super watered down.As far as service, it was great.  The hostess was absolutely beautiful, but what sucked is after my coworker and I tried talking to her, she told us she was only 17...so be aware.  The waitresses were also just gorgeous, this place much hire only good looking people.  Back to service...the service was great.  They brought out the food in a timely manner, but she was not very knowledgeable about he food so she couldn't provide any good recommendations.  Price - 2 rolls, large sake - $34 bucks (including tip).  About normal for any sushi place.  This was not during happy hour times either.Would I go here again?  Possibly. It wasn't bad and I've heard its the best sushi place in town.  It was alright food and sake makes almost everything taste better.  If I'm craving sushi, then yeah, I'll come back, but I may want to explore other foods the next time I visit the area.
2	Came to Ra last week with my sister, and I've been to Ra several times. Over the past few months I have noticed it is definitely not as full as it used to be. The music was up awkwardly loud for a tuesday night, especially given that there wasn't very many people in the place. Anyhow my sister and I sat down and ordered a yellowtail appetizer and a few drinks, and then she ordered a few rolls while I stuck with the sashimi plate that I usually get. The appetizer was really good, yellowtail in a garlic/soy sauce of sorts with some green onions shaved on top. When my sashimi arrived, I could tell from the smell of the platter that the sashimi was borderline fresh, and after taking a bite of the salmon I informed the waitress that it wasn't really up to par. After conferring with the chefs, the waitress came back to inform me that the fish was fresh and cut this morning, but that she's happy to take it off of the bill since anything else I order will be taken off the same fish. So instead of offering another option, she walks away and leaves me with a bowl of rice. Needless to say I wound up walking down the street to another restaurant after my sister finished her roll to eat something.
4	Went in on a Thursday night. I ordered come rolls and they were very good, fresh, but on the tiny side for the price. I sat at the sushi bar and the chef was super nice and very attentive. The waitress I had was nice, but brutally slow. Maybe it was because she had too many tables, I didn't notice. I don't have a whole lot of patience when I am sitting alone. The music was fun. When you hear Ice Cube's Today Was A Good Day, it's pretty awesome. The volume wasn't too loud either.Would I go back? Yes, but only if someone else is paying.I wish they carried Hana flavored sake. Fuji Apple...omg yum
3	This was actually my first Ra that I've been too, and it sure didn't disappoint. We hit the 5pm happy hour after work, and though the place was packed, there was still room and no waiting. But to start, let's talk about the parking; it's Old Town Scottsdale, so you have to expect parking to be crazy, especially on a Friday evening. Fortunately, Ra is located at the end of a street with a massive parking garage. So a short walk and you're there!The service was great, and even during the busy rush of happy hour, the waitress was prompt when we asked for something. The coolest part of the whole night was actually when we checked in on FourSquare. After checking in, we got a special promo of free edamame and miso soup, all we had to do is show our phones to the waitress. Awesome!When we ordered, most of us got the Vegas Roll, and what a beautiful dish! The size was smaller than other places (like Koi & Sushi Brokers, they have much bigger portions), but it tasted delicious. At half off because of happy hour, we couldn't argue with a $7 bill for each of us. Outside of happy hour, I wouldn't go, but only because of the size of the rolls. As tasty as they were, it's not worth $14. Sushi Brokers totally has larger servings, and at the same (or less) price.
2	I like their food & drinks and they have some good deals. I've never had good luck with the service at this location though. I had a big birthday dinner here a couple years ago and they insisted that doing call-ahead seating would ensure that our party of 15 wouldn't have to wait. This sounded too good to be true for call ahead seating so I called back and talked to someone else who also insisted that doing call-ahead seating would ensure that our party of 15 wouldn't have to wait. We did call-ahead seating, we got there, we waited for an hour, and we finally split up and sat at opposite corners of the restaurant for dinner. If they hadn't been so insistent that everything would work out great and that we could sit together and wouldn't have to wait, we definitely would have gone someplace that takes reservations! RA in Scottsdale is only good for groups if you & your friends are up for doing sake bombs in the bar for 2 hours while you wait for your table. ;)
4	We went there New Years Day and you know how food can taste after NYE.  Well the food was great and the price of it was even better. Will definitely be hitting this spot again.
3	Reverse sushi happy hour was pretty delicious. Best sushi in town? No. But for the happy hour prices the food and service were most agreeable. There was also pretty good people watching and a DJ, who was a tad bit intrusive with his volume. Overall a good place to go on a Sunday night to help you forget that it's a school night.
1	Never again... if they had a 0 star I would give it. I am from California and I love sushi. This place didn't even have the happy greeting you get when you enter a REAL sushi bar.Over priced sushi, small  rolls, slow service and we went on a Sunday  in the late afternoon  and it was pretty dead. Good for: Nothing
3	Let me start by saying I do not eat sushi. So this review has nothing to do with fish... can't comment on that. Anyway, I went here last night for my new sister in law's bachelorette party. When we called earlier, the hostess said they do not take reservations, even for a party of 9 people. That was weird considering it sure seemed like some parties had reservations. So we got there and were told a half hour wait which we spent in the bar. Now, we didn't get seated for an hour... that's just not cool. Their drinks were alright, but overpriced. When we finally got seated things got better. I ordered the uchi no salad and some gyoza. The salad was really good, I just love that ginger dressing. The gyoza were fine, nothing crazy special, but not bad by any means. Everyone seemed alright with their food, so that wasn't the problem. The real problem was the service, the hostess, and the music (we couldn't hear each other at all... and I know it's in old town and everyone wants to party, but I would like to hear conversation).
3	This place hasn't changed in the years since I went to ASU, but why change a good thing? It's still packed to the gills and doing the same things it's always done. Pretty good service and food, and an incredible viewing area for hip, good-looking or wannabe hot people. It's fun if the only person you care to communicate with is your date, otherwise it's cruddy. The music is ok though! Just don't plan any romantic dinners here, at least not on the weekend! Go to see and be seen, and have a roll or two- they aren't bad at all.
4	I've been to RA about a dozen times and I can't believe I have never written a review!  The best thing about RA (and only reason to go in my opinion) is their Happy hour.  From 3-7, just about all their appetizers and a good portion of their sushi is  1/2 price.  Now being a vegetarian, it's hard to get excited about a veggie roll, but they also have some great appetizers:  pineapple cream cheese wontons, veggie tempura, and my favorite which is their Dengaku Tofu.  It's a huge tray of tofu which is prepared  a little crispy and is drizzled with a sweet and tangy sauce that I just love.   Their drink specials are also a steal... I tend to go with either $2 hot sake, a $5 cosmo, or some combination of the two when I'm feeling frisky!
5	Came here with the Bachelorette party for some appetizers to tide us over since dinner was not till 7:30. Managed to come right as happy hour was beginning (3pm to 7pm). Had a couple of drinks (mango margarita was amazing), calamari, Vegas roll, and rainbow roll which we split. Everything was terrific. The calamari was sooo tender and I loved the batter on it. SInce we came for happy hour, everything was cheap and it was a great start to our night out.
3	All in all, it was an ok dinner. I liked the atmosphere, even though it was a bit loud. We started with edamame, which was fresh and hot. A good start. The sushi roll menu had too many items with crab mix... I think it's their attempt to keep prices down and profits up. There wasn't anything very inventive on the menu, but we found a couple of rolls and some tuna and salmon nigiri to order. The nigiri was ultra fresh and tasty, just not very big. The shrimp tempura roll was ok, and of course came with crab mix. Odd. The beef tenderloin roll sounded better than it was. It lacked flavor and pow. But, the drinks were good and reasonable. Three stars for the drinks and nigiri.
4	Oh yum! I wasn't fortunate enough to make any of the happy hours but the Viva Las Vegas roll did not disappoint. We also had a roll that I think was called Crunch Roll.My friends and I also really enjoyed the music selections. Perhaps the most entertaining part of our dinner though, was just sitting outside. It was such a nice thing to be away from the cold of San Francisco and sitting outside at night wearing a tank top.It's true the place was a little pricey but not anymore than any good sushi place I have known. And every now and then you just have to splurge. I didn't think it was that bad if you're splitting it with friends as I was. We each paid around $40 each for several rolls, saki, and drinks.
3	I went to this RA location a few weeks ago for my sisters birthday. I had wanted to go for awhile, even though they got a large amount of negative reviews, but they were mostly about the restaurant and the fish quality, which I don't eat anyway so I figured it would be fun to try the vegetarian rolls. So we went in on a Sunday about 6pm, and there weren't very many people in here, which surprised me. We wanted to sit on the patio but it was full and we didn't feel like waiting the 20 minutes before a spot would open up. So we got a table next to the sushi bar near the back. There was one table full of drunk people behind us that was kind of obnoxious for 6pm, but they left shortly after we arrived so I can't complain too much about the atmosphere. It wasn't crowded, wasn't loud like most people complain about (I don't know if that has anything to do with the day we chose to come in), so far so good.My sister and I ordered alcoholic beverages, mine was good, but I wish it had more alcohol, and the glass seemed really small. My husband and mom got the green iced tea. My mom liked it, my husband thought it was had a strange powdery flavor. We go over the menu and decide what we want. My sister, mom and husband chose a selection of fish type rolls, while I decided on the avocado roll, cucumber rolls, and vegetarian rolls. We also got three appetizers. Edamame, which was ok. A little salty for my taste. Pineapple wontons, which everyone said were good. And then we got the tofu appetizer. It was ok. I expected it to be crispier. The appetizers came out in a strange order. Not one of them came together. They all came separately, about 5-7 minutes apart. Which is weird, but wasn't too bad because there was enough food to keep everyone occupied. So after we finished our appetizers, the rolls came out and started filling up the table. I think we ended up with 8 kinds of rolls. I enjoyed my vegetarian rolls. They may have been simple, but they tasted good. I especially liked the avocado rolls. I love avocado. Everyone else said their fish rolls tasted really good. My husband especially liked the crispy calamari rolls. His eyes like rolled into the back of his head. Lol. But he is easily amused when it comes to food. We then decided on two of the deserts, desert sushi and banana rolls. They were both pretty good. I have had better deserts, but they weren't horrible. I think all in all we were there something over an hour and a half and spent about $120. It seems a little steep for what it was. But I would definitely come back for some take out veggie rolls. This place deserves a solid 3 stars based on my experience. I would rate it a 3.5 if I could. The food was good, the service was not too bad. There were some points in the meal where we wondered where our waitress went off too but she never disappeared for too long. All in all it was a yummy experience.
3	RA's the place you visit if you're going out in Old Town and want to have dinner and drinks at a sceney place before you do. RA's the place you visit if you want a good deal on happy hour. RA is pretty consistent in everything they produce. Nothing is spectacular, but everything is decent. Whenever I visit RA, it's crowded with people and the scene is lively. Between the sushi and the other food, everything is pretty run of the mill good here. I've had the chicken teriyaki which has a nice zing to it and is a nice meal option if I don't feel like sushi. The sushi here is pretty spot-on as well. They make the sushi fresh at the sushi counter and I've never had a bad roll here. They have everything from Caterpillar and Las Vegas rolls, to California and shrimp tempura rolls. RAs happy hour is great. The drinks and food are very reasonably priced and their Sunday happy hour is awesome too. The location is nice since it's right in the heart of Old Town and like I said, it's a great spot to get some food in the system before the night gets started.
4	Good sushi and hot appetizers. Excellent happy hour!Pretty good service.Atmosphere is loud!
4	I have liked this place since my boyfriend and our friends would go here on Sunday nights in college!  We would go after 8 pm because they have great sushi, appetizer and drink specials.  Our favorite are the qyoza, chicken wings, tootsie rolls, and the Viva Las Vegas rolls!  It was always so much fun and the staff was always so friendly.  The atmosphere is cool and swanky lol...my boyfriend loved to do the saki bombs and i would love to get their martinis...they play good music and it gets pretty crowded...make sure you have a table otherwise you will not be able to sit down!  Fun place!
4	Great food and the hottest hostesses in all of Scottsdale.
1	I was very disappointed with our service at RA. We went in for happy hour on a weekday. There were very few people in the restaurant. We got a round of drinks and said we needed a minute to decide what we wanted. After waiting for a half hour for her to come back we finally flagged down another waitress and asked for the check. It then took almost 20 minutes to get the check! We were very upset and very hungry. It's the closest sushi place to my house, so I may try going again. I just hope they don't make a habit of completely ignoring their customers.
4	We were there for a week and went twice!This is not the best sushi restaurant in the world, although it's good.  It IS a great place to go for creative Japanese-style appetizers at an incredible happy hour price (everything half price if I'm remembering properly).  I can still remember the enticing umami flavors in the gyoza, mmmm... sorry, I spaced out for a moment there!  Eating inside is incredibly loud, but the service is great and it's completely worth it.  We were fortunate enough to go on a night that was not too hot and sat outside under the spritzers, which was perfect.
4	I always get the shaft at sushi joints as I don't eat fish. Not at RA! My most recent discovery is the vegetable tempura roll. It is the best sushi roll I have ever had in my entire existence. With lots of vegetables tempura fried to perfection accompanied by a light sauce and doused in wasabi by yours truly. Delicious and still relatively light for fried vegetables. The other rolls look creative and are always satisfactory to my fellow diners. The happy hour is a must. Specially priced apps ranging from $2-$6 with a variety of options. Sake AND a large beer for $5. Even at regular price of $7 the sake and 22 oz Japanese brew is a good value. They also have martinis and mixed drinks on special. I recently went for lunch and invested $7 for a Bento box of main dish (selection variety), salad, soup and a potsticker. No substitutions so I donated the meat potsticker to my lunch date. Fast, cheap lunch without losing quality. Service is always friendly. The place is constantly busy so make reservations or be prepared to wait. It can be loud but great for large groups or a spot for two at the bar.  Lunch, happy hour or dinner. RA is great!
3	My wife and I have been dining at this (the very first) Ra ever since it opened over 10 years ago.  Their Happy Hour is great and very reasonable.
3	Rolls are little small for the price but RA never lets me down on taste, plus they have rainbow rolls on happy hour and I've never been to a sushi place in town with that option!Their giant fish bowl drink is pretty tasty too and fun to share with a friend... or not, if you're looking to get trashed.
3	This place puts out some good eats! I was a little skeptical having sushi in Arizona, but apparently fresh fish makes the plane daily. The Line Up: -Lobster Spring Rolls: AMAZING appetizer! If I had any room left, I would have ordered these for dessert too! I liked the sauce it came with. -Rainbow Roll with all Salmon: Yum! Surprisingly fresh. -Tropical Roll: This is what summer tastes like! Very fresh, sweet and delicious. -Viva Las Vegas Roll (x2): Winner, Winner!! We ordered one and had to immediately order another. This rolls stole the show. We have a RA Sushi in San Diego and I plan on dining there specifically for this roll!! And the Lobster Spring Roll. I was pleasantly surprised with Zonie Sushi. Coming from the coast, I tent to be a snob when it comes to freshness, but this place delivers. My only gripe was the value. The bill was high for what we got. The rolls were small, I was expecting the check to match. The sushi was fresh and tasty though... and service was on point!
2	The food is ok, I went with my significant other before we caught a show the other night. We got there in time to catch the happy hour menu, even those prices we're more than i would pay for the food. The food was pretty standard sushi the only thing that stands out about it was the mediocre presentation, the forever wait, and the ridiculous prices for what you got.... IT WAS JUST SUSHI!  However she got a saki sangria and she loved it.
3	Sub par sushi. Ra was the first place I had ever tried sushi and I really enjoyed it. However, after broadening my horizons and dining at other sushi establishments (Hiro, etc.), I discovered that there are much better options all over the valley. If you go, I would recommend the Las Vegas roll (not sure what's in it) and calamari roll (fried calamari, cream cheese, white rice, and topped with eel sauce and tempura flakes). Both are decent and are much better tasting than their other rolls.They have good happy hour deals. Rolls are definitely much smaller here than anywhere else I've been.
4	I'm not the biggest sushi fan, but I have to say that RA in old town is probably my favorite sushi place in the area.  The happy hour is great.  So many food items on it and you can't beat the sake bombs.  Ra'cklin shrimp is my fav appetizer.  I'm not too adventerous with my sushi but their shrimp tempura roll is my favorite out of all the sushi places I've been to.  Like it Like it Like it.
3	Take advantage of happy hour to get a good, reasonably priced sample of the rolls and other appetizers that RA offers.  They have good drink specials too.I dropped in for a late dinner last night.  My only complaint was that the music was loud for my tastes,  I didn't know they had a dj spin on Sunday nights.  If you're into that, by all means, it's worth the trip.
3	happy hour food and drink specials are worth visiting this place.it gets pretty packed and claustrophobic inside so i usually choose to sit outside.try different rolls everytime you come here. two people can eat and drink well for $50-60 including tip during happy hour here!
3	Had lunch yesterday here and experienced a bit of a hiccup but wanted to review to compliment the management. I ordered the shrimp tempura bento box, which comes with miso soup, rice, spring roll, a pork wonton, and a salad. I was kinda picking at the salad, and ended up finding a feather in it. Lord knows how it got there, but hey, random stuff happens. The waitress was visibly very grossed out, as she wouldn't even touch said feather with her hands. The manager came over, profusely apologized, and let me know that they had taken care of the meal. I hadn't expected that, just asked for a different salad from a new batch. I felt he dealt with the issue very professionally without making me feel like I had created a huge deal. We were too early for HH specials, but I have enjoyed them before. While this isn't my favorite sushi joint, I would go back for HH again despite my experience. I was overall impressed with how the manager dealt with what was obviously just an unfortunate mishap.
4	Wish I had one of these where I live.  Stopped in for some sushi and was happy to see they had a happy hour menu.  Katie was our server (awesome, by the way) and she suggested some items on the menu.  We wound up having the potstickers, seaweed salad, tootsy maki rool, rainbow roll and the viva las vegas roll.  All of them were amazing.  Plus, the beers were on the cheap, too.  Great environment, quality sushi and super service.  I'd definitely go back!  It was too hot to sit outside, but it looked like it would be fun in the cooler months.  Parking was decent on a Saturday night at 5 pm.Pros=great quality, fun atmosphere, everyone's prettyCons=none really... just that there's no Ra's in Arkansas
4	Good sushi
3	My friend and I went on Friday night for a girls night out so we decided to start our night here. The place was on a short wait and it was packed! Almost to a point where it was not enjoyable, so keep that in mind if you want a place for conversation. We had sake bombers, which were great as always and a, what we thought was complimentary (four square check in) edamame appetizer and then ordered the calamari. The calamari was amazing! Then we had sushi with these fried shrimps on top and they were amazing! There was some confusion on our other sushi order and it came out wrong. When we asked the snobby server to fix it, we got the "eye roll" but she took it back to fix it. The check came and it was about $85 for both of us, the server still charged us for the edamame and the service pretty much stunk as we saw her about 3 times. I hate tipping less than 20% so I didn't, but the server didn't deserve the $18 tip I felt compelled to leave. I would come back, but maybe at a different time because it was so loud and crowded. I personally enjoy more of a quiet dining experience.
1	Good SushiWay too noise!!!!!
4	RA is a mini-chain sushi restaurant with a few different locations around Phoenix. It has a unique blend of sushi-fusion dishes and everything I've tried tastes great.For an appetizer, I recommend the Shishito peppers. They are fresh and grilled whole. On the side, is a very spicy red sauce and in the center of the bowl is a savory sauce with chopped garlic. The peppers can be quite spicy themselves, but this is my favorite dish at RA.The sashimi is very fresh and has the melt-in-your-mouth texture that sound sushi should. The Tunacado (ahi Tuna appetizer), miso soup, and Sencha tea are all good sides.The service is acceptable, but not exceptional. The food prices are a little high, but the food quality and portion sizes are also very good.RA is one of the best sushi restaurants that I have found in the Phoenix area and it worth visiting for anyone who likes sushi.
1	Over one year later, this review is behind, but wanted to get it out there... as I can still remember how terrible this place treated us. Hopefully, they've fired the manager and upped their customer service...We have been coming here for a couple years until last Spring training 2010. We had a party of 10 people. We loved going here because of the vibrant atmosphere and the sushi. So what transpired was this. We had a reservation, obviously it was busy, so even with a reservation we were seated an hour and half over our reservation time. It was fine, as we ordered drinks by the bar and waited. We then got our table, it took another half an hour  to order and another 45 minutes to get our food - so time frame was now almost 3 hours since we got to this restaurant. Half the people got their food and took another 15-20 minutes later for the rest of us to get our food. It was a lot of waiting...We ordered more sushi and it took another half an hour. Really - rolling sushi would take that long?! So we wanted to talk to the manager. They sent someone over and told him what happened. This is what he said " If you didn't like the service, go ahead leave, we have a ton of business and we'd rather turn the table for other patrons!" So I said, really,this is how you address the situation, without appologizing even and telling us to leave. We asked again to talk to the manager...he said I am the manager. What?! Everyone was so upset by this point and threw their money for their food on the table and left. This was the worst service I've ever gotten anywhere - ever! So to Ra Sushi - you've lost 10 customers for life...
4	I think this still has my favorite sushi in the Valley.  Hoping to find one that trumps it but haven't yet.  Great atmosphere and crowd.
3	Sushi rolls and sashimi were good.  Service was good.  Warning: Hot miso soup is freakin hot; temp and spicy.
4	Went there tonight for my friend Renee's birthday.  Got there around 5:45pm and it was already packed.  Left my name with the Host up front and took a number, waited for over 30 minutes for a table, but it was totally worth it.Our server (Robyn) was great, she was very knowledgeable about all the items on the menu.  The prices were okay, since I went during Happy Hour time, it was cheaper.Make sure you plan your trip early if you decide to go there next time.  The best time to go if during lunch-time (12pm - 3pm) if you don't care about the costs.
1	This place sucks. The service is horrible. The hostess this evening (Feb 11) was horrible: rude and detached. The Manager was worse. Do not patronize this restaurant unless you have money to burn and time to kill.
4	Always have a great time here. Service is always on point and gorgeous. The atmosphere is always hi energy and musics great. This is a great place to pre-game at before a night on Old Town. My Must Try's: -Pineapple Cheese Wontons-Sake Bomb's of course-Spicy Chicken Teriyaki Udon-Apple Teriyaki Salmon-Tootsy Maki Roll-Green Tea Ice CreamHAPPY HOUR!  MONDAY-SATURDAY, 3-7PM  $2-$7 SELECT SUSHI, APPETIZERS  AND TAPAS
4	Great atmosphere, great food... a little pricey if you don't go during happy hour though.
2	The atmosphere was great, with beautiful bar tenders and servers however the management has a lot to be desired.   We had four and one of us order beef teriyaki and the rest of us rolls and sushi.   The beef teriyaki came out 10 minutes before the rolls and the rolls came out 10 minutes before the sushi.  It was very uncomfortable when the only non sushi eater finished his meal before the rest of us started.   I spoke to the server who brought the manager.   The manager explained that they had been in business 14 years and their customers had learned to live with it.   Plus if they tried to coordinate the sushi bar and kitchen it would slow the sushi down 45 minutes, which made no sense to me.Anyway I wouldn't recommend going there if you have a non-sushi eater at your table.
4	My husband and I are from Memphis, TN. We are here on business and absolutely love sushi. We were told this is the best place here so we tried it out. We loved it! We had a few "specialty" drinks and just sushi. We tried the hot mess, rackin shrimp and Philadelphia roll. The Philly we could of passed in(much better at home) but the others were absolutely delicious. Would definitely come back but I think they are very much overpriced.
1	what a waste of time... service was the worse I have had in ages.. food was so so.. there are so many better places to go that care about the costumer.. will not go back...
2	We were headed out of town and looking to get a great dinner before hitting the road. Grimaldi's and Bandera both had an hour wait so we decided to stop into RA. They had no wait (now I know why). Their sushi was mediocre.. at best, and quite pricey. It didn't taste as fresh as I would have liked, and the flavors didn't seem to stand out as much as they should have. The miso soup was my favorite part of the meal. I will not be back to this location. I like the one in Vegas for happy hour, but I'll pass on the food.
4	Daughter and I went here one night last week while in town for spring break/spring training, for a "girls' night".  Friends of ours staying at the same hotel had told us about Ra's happy hour, with fabulous prices on food and drinks from 3-7pm weekdays. We got there at about 6:15, and it was packed with a wait, but we were seated within 5 minutes or so. Not bad at all!The food was delicious! Loved the Las Vegas roll and the Rainbow roll the best of what we tried. Didn't like the spicy salmon roll so much - would have preferred the spicy tuna roll but it wasn't on happy hour special... should have just gotten it anyway- great prices!  Also loud, fun, hip atmosphere.  We will go back on our next trip for sure!!
5	Great drinks. I love sitting at sushi bar here. Party crowd. I recommend spicy miso soup, sooooo yummy!!
4	Great Maki sushi, the rolls are very tasty and the portions are generous.  Some place you have to get 3 rolls to fill up, here I would say just 2.  Miso is decent, and the atmosphere is energetic.  I am not a huge fan of Sashimi so I am not sure of their selection in that area.  Happy Hour is a good deal here.
3	If you want a great happy hour and great ambiance, come here. If you are in the mood for real sushi, not the cream cheese version served at ra, go to geisha in old town. Geisha has a better happy hour, $1 Sake, and authentic sushi.
3	My boyfriend asked if I wanted to get lunch while I was at work, and so we decided to get sushi. I arrived before him, so I just had a seat at our table. I was a little disappointed no one offered me a drink while I waited, but whatever. He arrived not long after me, and we took a look at the menu. I decided to get the bento box with chicken teriyaki and he got a couple of rolls. The food didn't take long to come out, and I was surprised at how much food came with the bento box, definitely a filling meal. Our server was nice and attentive once we got the ball rolling with our orders, and we were in and out in under an hour. It was also nice that it wasn't packed during lunch time, which may or may not be a good thing. I'll probably be back, but not in any sort of rush.
4	Sushi here was good and they have a large selection of roll types. The lobster spring rolls are delicious!! I always like shrimp tempura rolls and theirs didn't disappoint. The tropical roll was delicious and didn't have a strong shrimp taste, but let the fruit shine. The ra-lollipop roll has a delicious, soft, and gooey texture to the fish which nicely counter acts the crunchy shell.Overall, this is a good stop while walking about downtown Scottsdale.
5	I LOVE Ra Sushi. This location and VIBE is amazing. I love the waitresses and its always a great time going there. In the evenings and on weekends sometimes they have these amazing DJs making your happy hour even happier! I think their vegetable roll is really great since I don't eat fish. It has a great mix of Veg. Overall the food is WAY better than Jimmy Woo's just north on Scottsdale Rd. The atmosphere is awesome, and there is just some great ENERGY that you feel. I go ALL the time but I did have a bad experience once on Good Friday when all the cute waitresses were taking the day off, they were short handed and a gentlemen took care of us and was not attentive enough. But that is out of 15 times, and I understand there are off-nights. That still is not enought to keep me away, I will be going to RA for as long as they are open. PS. They have bento boxes at lunch that are a great deal & super fun. Their house Pinot Gris is BOMB, hits ya' strong.
2	I like Ra only during happy hour because its more affordable then.  I love me some sashimi and Viva Las Vegas rolls, I have yet to try more of the other RA creations but the prices for them are a little ridiculous to me to be completely honest.  I have gone to this location more than twice but not more than a handful of times. I think this past Saturday was another reminder of why I hate going to RA. Regardless of how busy it may be. I would have given the girl a break but it wasn't THAT busy!!  The things I normally ask for with my sushi I did not bother asking because our waitress was too busy gossiping with the hostess' and flirting with the guys sitting a table over.  I haven't had this bad of service in a long time, It makes you really appreciate those that are good at what they do. I cannot expect too much its the Scottsdale location i kind of saw it coming but at the same time the fact that I didn't really want to ask the waitress for the essential things I usually ask for that isn't hard to handle at all is pretty bad. Because I knew in the back of my head that the broad would take a million years to come back because she had to tell her life story to every one on the way.  I am not one to bash a restaurant or business on the regular but it just seems like every where besides ATL wings in chandler I have been not only been getting the worst service ever out with friends but not so great of food either. After this visit I highly doubt I will ever return to any ra location out of my own pure choice, and would most likely frown upon someone having the idea to go unless its for happy hour on sake. That's the only way I would go back and if someone pulled my leg to go.
2	I'm not a fan of huge chain restaurants. I will readily admit that.  In fact, I think this may be the first one I've reviewed. I've been to Olive Garden, Chili's, etc., but I've never given enough of a crap about my experiences there--good OR bad--to write about it. I'm only reviewing this one because it popped up on my list of places I'd been when I checked in on Yelp today, and I did have a pretty irritating experience there last month. So here we are.We came to the Scottsdale Ra a couple of years ago when I was in town for my cousin's wedding. The experience wasn't bad, as I recall, but it also wasn't great. Overall, pretty forgettable. My sister and her husband seemed to really like it, though, so when we found out we'd be back in the area this spring, they wanted to be sure we ate here for lunch one day.The vegetarian selections here are slim. And that's me being nice. There's edamame and a tofu appetizer, but those aren't really substantial enough to be considered a meal. The one "vegetarian" roll I saw came covered in eel sauce. I mentioned to the server that I was a veg and asked if the eel sauce actually contained real eel. His response?"Yeah, but it's only like 4% eel. The rest is water and sugar. It's really good."Well, thank goodness I'm only a 96% vegetarian, right? After explaining that ANY fish would be a nonstarter for me, I asked if the eel sauce could be left off."Do you just want it, like, on the side?"No, person who clearly doesn't understand the concept of vegetarianism. I don't want any. At all. Ever. We finally got things figured out and he marked me down for a veggie tempura roll, minus the offending liquid fishparts.So when the food came out covered in brown sauce, I was kinda surprised. I thought we'd covered that. The food runner, of course, had no idea, but as soon as the server saw it he realized the mistake and took it back. Which is to his credit, because at least he noticed. However, I did have to wait an extra fifteen minutes for my roll to come out while my travel companions started in on theirs.When it did finally arrive--without sauce this time--my server also brought me a coupon for a free appetizer at any Ra location. There's one in our area here in Kansas, so I was at least vaguely interested in using it. However, upon closer inspection, I realized it was expired by about a month. Points for trying, I suppose.I think next time I'll definitely suggest finding a local place to try, since having the resources of a large chain obviously doesn't mean the experience or the food will be anything to write home about.
2	I don't know - it just seems like looking at Ra these days is like looking at an aging rock star trying to hang on to better days.There was a time when I would have given this place 3 or 4 stars but the last few visits have been less than impressive.  Uninspired rolls, at times with stale fish, mediocre service, tired decor.  Maybe it's because there used to be fewer alternatives in the Valley.  Maybe it's because I've been to more really good sushi places since then but something just isn't working for me.If you're new to sushi or like the more basic rolls (California, anything with 'krab'); if your first consideration is the quality of the happy hour prices; or if you feel it's just not 'in' without heavy house music in the background, by all means give it a shot.
2	The sushi is not good, the only thing good is the happy hour prices.  Service is OK, not stellar.  You have to hope that your waiter/waitress doesn't have friends at the bar or is friends with the hostess or you'll never see him/her.
4	The food is pricey yet delicious. I recently went there for my birthday and though I accidentally made a reservation at the wrong location they still go the and my 11 friends seated in a  reasonable amount of time.My only complaint: Its a busy place so you feel a little rushed to finish your food and get out of there.
1	The girls that work here have horrible attitudes, the sushi presentation is awesome but the flavor and freshness is seriously lacking. The bathrooms were filthy, one of the urinals was broken and covered with a black trash bag and there was piss all over the floor. I came here with a group from training and it was so loud we couldn't hear each other unless we yelled. We all agreed this is one of the worst sushi places we have been to.-Over the two weeks I was in Scottsdale I ended up going to STINGRAY SUSHI about 5 times because the service is better, and the sushi options and freshness is way better. The girls are prettier too.
1	I have previously had some mediocre experiences here before, but my wife likes this place, so I decided to give it another try--again to my disappointment.  Upon sitting down at the sushi bar, we placed our drink and appetizer orders right away with our server.  After about ten minutes, I made eye contact with our server chatting away at the greeter stand.  When she came over, I reminded her that I still had not received my Asahi and Sake and with wide eyes she told me it was 'coming right out' as if she had not forgotten, but that apparently opening a bottle of beer takes ten minutes.After I finally got my drinks, we placed our sushi order with the sushi chef.  After another fifteen minutes passed, we received our sushi--an order of two rolls and two orders of nigiri.  The timing of the sushi order was fine, but the chef explained that they had run out of octopus, so he would not be able to make one of my nigiri orders.  We still had not received our appetizers--an order of edamame and an order of pot-stickers.  I again made eye contact with our server (again chatting at the greet stand).  When she came over, I asked about our appetizers--she told us that hot food usually takes longer than the sushi to make.  First of all, we're talking edamame and pot-stickers!  Those should take 5 minutes max.  Secondly, we ordered them as 'appetizers'--you know, those things that come 'before' the meal?  Thirdly, we had now waited 25 minutes for them.  I am a restaurant manager and have 20 years of service industry experience.  I cannot handle when servers begin making excuses for the fact that they forgot our order. Mistakes sometimes happen, excuses should not.In addition, my beer and sake glasses were both dirty, my sushi was poorly executed, the nigiri not fresh, and our green tea ice cream was freezerburnt.  If you have not dined here, please spare yourself the experience I payed for today.  Go to Stingray, Pearl, or Blue Wasabi.  Do not waste your money here.  I certainly never will again.
3	I gave Ra a 3-star rating because of the food but the atmosphere is very entertaining.  The sushi is not great unless your really hungry and have been drinking a bit. A lot of people who go to Ra anyway are usually hipsters and sushi newbe's who only try the California roll, Vegas roll or anything that is aesthetically appealing. Don't get me wrong, I enjoy hanging out with friends, drinking and having a good time at Ra but I solely do not go there for the sushi.For an entertaining time and drinks: go to RA. For good sushi: look elsewhere
3	Good place with a decent Happy hour.  Loud
4	We went on a very early afternoon lunch and the food was fabulous. It was fresh and inside was quiet, of course we were the only ones there, but the staff were obnoxious and rude. We got snuffed at when we walked in, the waitress wouldn't look at us, and was slow to bring us drinks. The only reason it got 4 stars was because of the sushi was so good and different from what I'm used to.
3	We ate there a few times when I was in Scottsdale for work for a year. The sushi is pretty good, nothing exceptional or to write home about. The place is always busy, and it's pretty confined. To be really, brutally honest, it just wasn't that great, especially for the price.
5	I've been going to RA in Las Vegas and in Scottsdale for several years and it gets better all the time.  They offer one of the best Happy Hours around.  From 3-7pm and 10 pm-Midnight you get excellent drink and food specials.  Try the cold Kirin (22 oz) and hot sake (6 oz) for $7.  Then move on to many many food choices between $3-7.  Their Calamari Tempura (planks - not rings and tentacles) are the best I've had anywhere.  I also recommend the Crispy Spicy Tuna and Seared Tuna.
2	The food is decent, (but far from the best around) the service is good, but I should not need to shout to a person 18" from my face at a sit down dinner. There is absolutely no reason for a place that is not a dance club to have music so intolerably loud. It made the whole experience a great deal worse.
2	RA in Scottsdale has gone down hill slowly ever since the owners sold out.  We used to love going to the Scottsdale location and always thought Ra Scottsdale sushi was the bomb however not so much anymore. Granted if you are in to watching the "$45K-millionaires" and "recently divorced but look at my new breasts"...then RA Scottsdale is the place to go. Avoid the Sushi as you will be disappointed and stay in their bar as they can pour a good drink.
1	RA is a chain restaurant and being such I was surprised that they do not offer better choices for gluten free options. One cannot even eat their sushi. They use white flour in the rice to keep in from sticking. I have gone to many different sushi places and no one else has ever done this. I won't be returning to RA for this reason. On top of this they are pricey.The service was so so and could be better.
1	I have gone to this location a few times before, but will not be returning after my last experience. My group was sat outside near a TV as requested so we could watch the football game, and were eventually attended to by Paige, our waitress. She was rude, distracted, and gave the impression she could not care less about what she was doing. She rarely came to our table and when she did, she was gruff and short with us, and hardly gave us time to say two words. The food was decent, as it always is, but the service ruined the experience. Sushi and drinks for 4 people is not cheap, and I expect good service and a friendly waitress for what we paid. As a fellow server myself, I understand not every day is a good one, but treating your customers poorly is unacceptable and reflects badly on the business. I will not be returning to this location again
5	Some of the best sushi Arizona has to offer! Coming from the coast of California I know my good sushi from my bad! Quite delicious!
4	I like the atmosphere here...  its a little loud at times but that's a sign if a good time!The food wasn't bad but it wasn't great either.  But I may stop in for a drink next time I'm in town.
5	I almost didn't try this place because of the mediocre reviews...however, I'm very glad we decided to have dinner here recently. The atmosphere is fun and lively without being too loud to have a conversation, and we really enjoyed sitting at the sushi bar and watching the chefs make sushi. Service was quick, the drinks were good, and the food was delicious. We enjoyed the spicy salmon roll and the viva las vegas roll. Their menu offers many enticing and creative special rolls, which is what I enjoy most. The crispy whitefish asian tacos were unique and amazing.The happy hour and reverse happy hour deals are amazing...best value I've found in Scottsdale for such an enjoyable sushi dinner & drinks.
5	Amazing! Sushi Chef Alex is wonderful! Recommend to sit at sushi bar and watch his skill!!
3	This place is nothing special.  Just like every other RA, the food is okay and the atmosphere is asian inspired.  There are better places to eat around the Old Town Scottsdale area.  I say skip this and try something else like the Orange Table.
4	Stopped in one evening while staying in Scottsdale for business with a few colleagues and left with a smile. Being from somewhere where we take great pride in fresh seafood, I was a little leery about ordering fresh seafood in Arizona. I was quite surprised and my opinion drastically changed.  We all were seated promptly and had amazing service from our server. Drinks came quick and orders taken just as quick. I ended up getting, if i remember right, the Gojira Roll which was fantastic. After finishing my roll and a bottle of sake, which was recommended by our server, I was extremely pleased with my experience. Next time I'm in the area and I have a hankering for some sushi I will most likely stop in again!
4	Why do we keep going back? The sushi is always great, the patio divine!
5	Stopped in whie in town for spring training this weekend. Atmosphere is cool, sushi was great, and had a great server. Anthony helped us out and since we had never been we asked his opinion on what to order. He offered great suggestions on rolls and sake. Went on a Saturday night and only had to wait 10 minutes for a seat. Overall, very satisfied with RA.
2	Okay so I know that I probably won't find extremely fresh sushi in Arizona so maybe I shouldn't set my standards too high when I come to places like this. RA has its ups and downs. Everytime I order from here, the food is either really good or sucks really bad. The past two times I've been here, the food has been really bad. Idk how you can possibly mess up a California roll but mines had cream cheese in it. Imagine how pissed I was. The shrimp tempura appetizer and Calamari are decent...just don't send it out to a table when it's soggy. Eeek! The spicy tuna roll was unbelievable...and not in a good way. Idk if anybody else had Spicy Tuna that was bright orange but I never have and I was quite frankly afraid to try it.  The shrimp tempura roll fell completely apart when I picked it up. Fail. But the edamame was cool...Two stars for good service! Anywho, I will probably lay off RA for a while..
3	Ra is a good standby, and they have good happy hour deals. Nothing mind blowing but not a bad place for some after-work drinks and sushi.
2	I use to love the place. However the past few times I've been the sushi just hasn't been normal quality or flavor. They do have a good happy hour. Cool place to stop and grab a drink with and enjoy the atmosphere. I hope they get better.
5	I came here twice back in March 2010 during my visit here for San Francisco Giants Spring Training. I'd like to think my decision to go for the first time that year brought them luck because we finally won our first World Series Championship in San Francisco that year. :)Anyway, I want to give this restaurant belated credit for their hot miso soup. It was wonderful. Living in San Francisco, we have a lot of Japanese restaurants here in the City and surrounding communities, and so far I have not encountered one that serves that or anything remotely similar. It was definitely a unique creation that I enjoyed and occasionally think about giving that my two visits there during my trip there were the only times I ever had it.If I travel there for Giants Spring Training or other reasons, hopefully this restaurant will still be here and have it on the menu.
5	Had an amazing sushi dinner tonight at RA in old town.  There was rowdy table sitting behind us, but Eric one of the managers totally took care of us.  He diffused the situation immediately and sent us on our merry way with appetizer coupons :) thanks RA you guys rock!
5	Wow! The Sushi here Kicks Ass!! Next time I'm in Old Town, I'm definitely coming back!! Spicy Lobster roll was Awesome. But even more amazing than that, order the Tempura Calamari...whoa, Get Back Loretta!! Service: our waitress was friendly, helpful and did great Job!!
4	They have Tuna Nachos... Yup - mind blown.  1/2 price sushi before 6 doesn't hurt either.
4	Based solely on the quality of the food and my desire to want to go back for a normal dinner night, I'd probably wind up at around three stars for RA. HOWEVER, I must then factor in their amazing happy hour (Mon-Sat 3-7pm, unheard of!), which includes a huge list of sushi dishes and appetizers for about $3-7, plus some amazing deals on sake and beer. Add to that the friendly patience of our servers while our enormous group kept ordering and drinking, then drinking and ordering some more, and the total shock at how low the check was at the end of a couple of hours of fun, and I can't help but upgrade to four stars. It's rare that you go out with a big group, drink and eat to your heart's content, and then are surprised at how little you end up paying. So for that, I salute you RA!
5	Las Vegas roll is yummy and great people watching
4	The sushi here is pretty good, especially for Arizona and I love their happy hour! I have been here several times and the service changes depending on the server, some servers are very outgoing and attentive, but a few seem a bit careless and it can definitely affect your eating experience. Overall, I would suggest going to dinner here, especially during the happy hour.
1	Where do I start... Instantly when I walked through the doors I noticed the floor was horribly dirty. When me and my wife sat down at the sushi bar I noticed a piece of sushi on the floor and it appeared to have been there a while. The table was extremely sticky. The air ducts were really dirty. The ac was not on or was broke I'm not to sure but it was 118 degrees outside and I can't imagine that it was good to have sushi out in this climate. Next our waitress was talking to friends while we were waiting for drinks. After we finally got our drinks the sushi came. The avocado was black, little highlights of green but for the most part black. All the sushi was hot no sign of it ever being cold. Worst sushi experience ever in my life..... Needless to say RA is dead to me I will never go to another RA ever again.....
3	This place was decent... not for the sushi because that was mediocre. But for the atmosphere and the drinks, great for a dinner date. I used to work in South Scottsdale not to far from here, so it was easy to meet up with my BF here and have a few drinks and some sushi... nice casual vibe...
2	If your going to RA, I would recommend choosing another location. I frequently visit the Awahtukee spot, which is really great, and this chain let me down. Not only did the restaurant seem pretty worn, the food was awful. The shrimp dynamite roll was a greasy, soggy mess of mostly heavy cream sauce with a few scallops over rice pieces - disgusting. When the waitress asked how the dish was and I expressed my disappointment, you would think you would get an offer to send it back or pick something else. Nope....just a blank look of confusion (but she was really nice). I had then ordered the Viva Las Vegas roll, which I have had many times at other locations, but something was not quite right at this place. The pieces were a lot smaller and not evenly tempura battered. I'm in no way a sushi snob, but I was pretty upset that I spent a good amount of dough for a crappy meal. On the plus side, the waitress treated my son with complimentary gelato. If I ever decide to visit RA again, it won't be here.
2	Only been here twice and on the first time it actually was really great, it wasn't a weekend night so i'm guessing that may have been why. My last time here was an absolute disaster. We were sat outside at first while waiting for an inside table to open up. the misters are blocked by the sunshades so that doesn't make any sense at all, and it was super hot. 25 minutes go by and still no one has come by with even glasses of water let alone to take an order. that entire 25 minutes there were waiters going to all of the other outdoor tables. We finally get a waitress to take our order and than we get moved to an inside table. So now we're inside, another 25 minutes or so goes by and we finally get most of our food except the shrimp tempura roll. The food was great, got the viva vegas roll, edamame, and a few other happy hour rolls. We finish all of the food and the shrimp tempura roll still is not out. Asked multiple times about it and kept getting the "right away" response. When it finally did arrive, I literally looked at the plate and said we waited all that time for this? It looked so scrawny. I think they used half a shrimp for all 5 little pieces and more rice than I've ever seen on a roll. Other than the timing issues and the lame-o shrimp tempura roll, the food is pretty good and I would give them another shot if we don't have anywhere else to go to of our Old Town restaurants.
3	I called to make a reservation to celebrate my bestie's birthday here for happy hour. They don't take reservations. I also learned that no one could sit down until 75% of our party was there. We were expecting 10-12 people so we were able to sit down after the first 7 people arrived (after 20 minutes). It was really crowded. The music was way too loud! We had to shout across the table to talk to each other. The service and food were both good. I'll be back, but in a much smaller group so we don't have to shout to each other.
1	Out of a lot of fish especially for a Sunday lunch .... The sushi after we received it, was subpar it kind of tasted old and had a sticky residue on it .... The onlyGood thing I had was the goji roll which was fried shrimp sirracha and other yummy things .... I eat sushi all the time and coming here made me feel like I knew more Han the Mexican making it...
4	Go for happy hour.
3	This place could be a lot better, being in the heart of Scottsdale. Every time I go there the service is not too good. The staff members seem to be a bit snooty, and not very knowledgeable or helpful. I have never been uncomfortable asking my server to refill my drink because they forgot or to simply grab their attention to ask a question. The sushi itself is tasty, although not super authentic. I guess that's what you get when you go to a chain. I do have to applaud them on their VIVA LAS VEGAS ROLLS, still by FAR the best vegas roll I've tried in all Scottsdale! Super delicious! Their happy hour (drink-wise) is also excellent, and the place inside is stunning. I love the dim, red lighting in the inside!Their customer service definitely needs a boost, and the servers are very good-looking but need not be so snooty and focus that energy on aiding guests with their questions on the menu.
4	RA has a great happy hour!  You can eat and drink for an unbeatable price.  There sushi is pretty good. The vibe and service is just okay.
3	I stopped by myself on a Sunday at about 4 in the afternoon and it was understandably deserted (although several other restaurants in the immediate area seemed to be booming). The sushi bar itself was HUGE; I can imagine that there is room for a dozen, or more, sushi chefs working at a time. There were 3 chefs on duty and neither was Asian, which always makes me wonder at a sushi place. I ordered a fusion sushi roll with mango salsa and found the portion and taste to be good. Although I had to ask for wasabi and ginger; a first at a sushi place for me.
5	I love it when my friends and I go there late at night for amazing sushi!
5	Had a great time. Waitress was pleasant and  helpful . Sashimi was outstanding. Fun atmosphere. All around good time
5	I am a big sushi fan but very picky.  I ordered take out sashimi & sushi.  The sushi bar was very clean.  The sashimi was so fresh it melted in my mouth.  The Rainbow roll was outstanding.  While waiting for my order I had a drink at the bar.  Bartender was very friendly.  Price was right for both food & drinks.  I wish I lived closer (I live in San Diego) because if I did, this would be a regular place for me.
1	I've never been to a RA, but my boss raved about how good it was, I figured I would come and try it for dinner. The good: the ambiance. Its very downtown chic/trendy, with the dark lighting and I love the outdoor patio area, especially when the weather is perfect outside. The bad: The food isn't impressive, especially for the cost. The rolls are small and have more rice than meat, the food doesn't taste.... the most fresh, but maybe I set myself up for failure being that I'm from San Diego and now.... in the desert. The crispy roll wasn't crispy, more... the opposite of crispy.The ugly: UGH, their service! I walked in to meet a party, and it took the gossiping hostesses at least 3 minutes to look up and ask if I needed something.... um, no, im standing here to listen about how you got so drunk you made out with the busser. Also, after being seated.......How many times do I have to order a beer? And our servers name was something like Paris? Britain? Some type of location. Our food was brought out staggered, so we couldn't all eat together (10-15 minutes apart). Our glasses were never filled in a proper amount of time and it was just .......terrible. If you MUST try this place, come to their happy hour, even though it isn't even THAT impressive. Actually, just keep walking.
5	Extremely impressed with the improvement of service and quality of food with this restaurant. I literally come here especially for the Zonie and Gojira roll. Oh my gosh it's a party in your mouth!! And the hostesses and waitresses are so friendly! Will be coming here regularly :)
3	Pro: some of the best sushi I've ever had!  Tempura is very lightly coated, everything very fresh delicious Cons: order everything the first time through and don't  expect to ever see your waitress again. Not very busy and when we ordered a second dish after the first order it took over 30 minutes to get it. Our green tea never did make it to the table.
3	RA is a good sushi place.  I didn't say great... but certainly not bad!Being a chain, you get what you get.  If I was looking for sushi to knock my socks off, I'd probably find a smaller, family-owned restaurant.  However, RA does boast some good happy hour deals (and a new, Sunday-Funday menu) that will fill you up without breaking the bank.  And a $20 coupon on your half-birthday!  The Viva Las Vegas roll is quite popular, tasty, and a good "beginner" sushi roll.  When I have friends who aren't totally on board with eating raw fish, this crab-based, tempura-battered roll is a nice segue.  The other rolls are right around average.  I have no complaints, but it's nothing to write home (or Yelp) about.  The garlic edamame is pretty fabulous, and I can't let a piece go uneaten.  Definitely get those.Service is good, and as quick as sushi can be.  If you go on a Friday or Saturday night, be prepared for more of a wait.  The atmosphere is a classy, Americanized Japanese decor.  It's a nice relaxed, slow meal.
5	I had a great time and enjoyed the food. My favorite was the  Shishito peppers!!! The vegetable roll was so-so I'd go with a avocado roll rather next time. Great Sunday deals 12-5! Service was great at the sushi bar. I saw they have a bit of out door seating too for summer!
2	i've really tried to like RA over the years because it is so conveniently located, but they never quite measure up.  If you are looking for traditional preparations, this is not the place to go.   A simple example - I was there the other day and ordered a spicy tuna roll, and a  spicy salmon roll.  The happy hour prices were great, but the rolls were VERY heavy on the rice (which wasn't quite done) and not spicy at all.  The spicy salmon had a bit of flavor but I don't really care for preparations such as RA's which use mayonnaise.  The spicy tuna was bland in the extreme, and was simply a chewing exercise.When I mentioned the blandness of the rolls to the sushi chef, he indicated that the management had recently changed the spicy tuna recipe from one that was spicier, but which had also contained cilantro - which I would not have cared for in my roll.   Reminds me why I stopped eating here before....
2	RA sushi is so-so for sushi. It's not spectacular, but usually not terrible either. A group of us (7) came on a Saturday night and while we expected a wait for food and such because it was a weekend night, the service was much too slow. We had to remind our server to refill our drinks when they stood empty for 10+ minutes because we didn't know where our server went. A few of us ordered the same alcoholic drinks, but they were prepared differently. I don't know what was going at the bar. The food must have taken 30-45 minutes to come out. Overall, a so-so experience.
3	Good sushi, had a number of different but the spicy tuna is always great. A bit pricy given a relatively simple interior and it "only" being sushi. Tastewise the food is good and a nice alternative to all the mexican and us food in the area
3	The menu is exactly the same as the one in Kierland but I like the other restaurant better. It's always fun to be in old town and RA sushi is probably the best sushi I know of in Phoenix area but this restaurant in much smaller and also far less crowded. I wouldn't say not to go here but a few miles up the road is a better RA.
3	Kiddo and I enjoy visiting this Ra.  Service is spotty but the Happy Hour specials decently prices (but smaller portioned) and give a good variety - good for a mama/daughter date.
2	Service was slow and in attentive. We ordered the Sashimi dinner along with an eel roll, the food was decent but the roll lacked flavor. There are better choices in the area if you're looking for A sushi joint.
4	GREAT sushi place! Have passed here multiple times but never tried until my most recent trip to Scottsdale due to a recommendation of a client.  The waitress was super helpful in helping me pick something a little of the box but still comfortable with. Ended up with a caterpillar roll which I highly recommend if you like avocado! Tried a few other rolls as well with my table and some specialty cocktails.  Sat on the patio, which was loud at times since it is on a busy road, but a great place to do happy hour, and a seek out next time I am in town!
2	The ambience and servers are awesome but other than the avocado roll I wouldn't recommend going for actual sushi. I love sushi and wasn't expecting an amazing sushi experience from a chain but it really disappointed us. The miso soup was very salty and fishy. The chile yellowtail dish was just -not okay-, tuna roll-okay, yellow tail nagiri-okay, and the vegetarian roll was really really  rough on the tongue from the green rice paper. We didn't order anything more. It also takes a really really long time to get any sushi rolls. The miso soup and edamame come out quickly but that's all.
2	We went to RA on Saturday for date night.  Wow, were we surprised at out visit.  We have eaten there before and were not disappointed, but this time was not a treat.  We arrived at 6:30 and they were about half full.  We thought they would be packed for a Saturday night.  The music that was playing was so loud that it made you flinch.  We sat at a 2 top and had to yell across the table the entire time.  Not fun.  When our server did finally arrive, she was pleasant.  However, she could not answers our questions and had to keep going to the kitchen for information.  I am not talking about crazy questions either, I just wanted to know if their green tea had caffeine or not.  We eat sushi often so we are always eager to try something new.  We ordered 4 items.  The first one we received was something we didn't order.  We didn't realize it until the correct one came next.  No worries, not a big deal.  Every plate was brought to us by a different person, which I appreciate the teamwork and making sure our food gets to us freshly made.  The sushi was warm, room temp at best.  The flavors were bland, even the on with jalapenos in it.  We couldn't even tell anyone that we were not please with our food because no on came back to check on us.  When our server finally did come back to drop the check, she asked us how everything was and we told her it was not delicious and we would have rather told her that 30 minutes earlier but she was MIA.  She looked embarrassed and offered us a dessert.  I told her that if we didn't like the dinner, why would we even want to try a dessert.  She spun around, flipped her long hair and walked off into the sunset.There are far too many great local restaurants to eat at and support to waste your time and money on mediocre.  So now we look for another great sushi restaurant that would like our business.
3	Far from the best sushi spot in the valley, but still consistent and decent.  RA is certainly still doing something right as it continues to grow into a major chain across the country, and continues to be an "it" place in old town when there has been a huge increase in competition over the years.RA is a fun spot to grab a drink and some food.  Prices may be a little high when you're not eating during happy hour, but the service is top notch.  RA is as good a place as any to start your night when in Scottsdale.
1	Do you know what is awesome? When you make a reservation, arrive on time an have to wait over 20 mins for your table. That is completely unacceptable and unprofessional. And if they tell me it will be just a few more minutes because "the table is being cleaned" I am going to call them out on their bullshit lie!!!
5	Went here on a recommendation from a good friend while on a business trip. I was having a hard time deciding what to get so I turned to the bartender(Johanna) for advice. After hearing what kind of food I was thinking about, she recommended getting the ceviche and she could get it put on a bed of lettuce so it made a big salad. It was AMAZING! So fresh and great flavor! Only needed the lime wedges that came with it as dressing(as Johanna recommended). Paired with a Kim Crawford Sauv Blanc, it was a great meal. Atmosphere in here was fun too. Great service, great food, great ambiance. I will definitely be coming back next time I'm in town!
5	This is the best sushi place in the West Coast , no doubt , we are from California and we are here for the SFGiants Spring Training , and after a long day at the game today , and we just have the taste for some sushi, so we asked around and heard that this is the closest sushi place to our hotel , so we decided to give it a try and we were amazed , they use real crabs,for their rolls and the fish was as fresh as just like off the boat ...what an amazing place and believe me we love sushi but this place is top them all
3	Great service and delicious food. Super noisy on Saturday night. Ask for a table outside if you want to have a conversation without having to yell. Hotel staff said it is a very different atmosphere during the week.
4	Solid chain sushi joint. Everything tasty but nothing out of this world. We came with a party of 6. Ordered tons of food. Tempura come out hot and crispy. Sushi came out quickly and efficiently. Everything tasted fresh and delicious. Service was friendly and and knowledgeable. But when asked for a second sake is took forever to get to our table. Over all. I'd go back.
2	I eat in Old Town often because my office is in the area. This is usually a fast place. The atmosphere isn't too stuffy and usually entertaining. Sushi is mediocre, I've been to other  Ra establishments in the valley and this location is probably the dirtiest. The bar staff keeps our glasses full and they are fun to talk to...I dont know a ton about the  sushi industry but I know that the restaurant needs to be clean for the food to even look good lol! Oh, and I thought fresh wasabi was available at all Ra locations? I was so disappointed to know it wasn't available at this one.
5	Went here for nye and finally writing a review the food is so delicious and I couldn't stop ordering the different sushi dishes. The bartender serving us was so nice and did a good job considering how busy it was. I love this place! Will definitely come again.
3	Ordered Vegas rolls, rainbow roll, and garlic citrus yellowtail. A mix of good and not so good. I've been to Ra sushi several times in the past but the Vegas rolls this time around wasn't a winner. The sliced lotus root chip at the top of the rolls were stale and unbreakable. If you like, you're more than welcome to break a tooth or two trying to bite into the chip. Try playing it at the casino! House wins on that. On the flip, rainbow roll is always good. And, even better, the garlic citrus yellowtail was a new one for me and made up for those stale chips! :)Service was decent because the waitress didn't fill one of our cup of waters when it was clearly empty. We live in AZ so I think a refill on water would be nice! Overall, some good and some bad. We will call it even!! ;)
1	100% dissatisfied. We made reservations at 7:30. Right off the bat we weren't being tended to and had to ask the waitress on many occasions to serve us. We ordered around 7:45. We had a party of six and ordered 8 different sushi rolls. The first plate came out around 8:30 (45 minute wait for ONE platter of 8 rolls). And instead of the rest coming out at one time, they brought them out one by one, 5-10 minutes spaced out from each other. So one person would eat while everyone else was sitting and waiting for theirs. We finally got our last plate at 9:00. One hour and fifteen minutes after we had ordered. The manager came out and gave a very insincere apology. It was EXTREMELY over priced and the sushi was nothing to get excited about. If you like waiting, wasting unnecessary money and eating average sushi then eat at RA, otherwise I would suggest to find a better place.
2	Service was HORRIBLE!  Over 2 hours to get food delivered to table. Their excuse?  They bring orders out "family style" as (and whenever) sushi dude gets things done.  So, person with specific food choices has to twiddle thumbs while "lucky" odd person gets their order delivered. And- adding insult to injury- food when delivered is only mediocre at bestStay away
5	I was surprised when I pulled RA up to review and saw it's overall poor rating. After reading through some of them, I think I understand.This is NOT a good family dining place. It is loud, and most of the patrons are animated and having a good time. Feels more like a bar, which I'd like to point out is in it's name.This IS a great place for a group of friends or a couple. My mother and I sat at the bar where we had great service. As we were ordering sushi to split, we were quite pleased that they brought our dishes out as they were ready - one was even made by the chef right in front of us (the other two were prepared in the kitchen.) If you're a large group and nobody plans on sharing sushi, I can see how this would be a problem. I grew up on the CA coast where fish is always expected to be fresh, and I was very impressed by the quality of their seafood. All the fish I watched being prepared looked amazing.Is it super traditional? No, of course not, it's not a little Japanese restaurant, it's a trendy spot in downtown Scottsdale. I'm a huge fan of Tex Wasabi, Guy Fieri's fusion sushi place in my hometown, and until RA, had not found another sushi place with a more modern take. Their "Hot Mess" is a must try. Can also vouch for "RA"kin' Roll and the "Tootsy Maki."
5	Best vegetarian sushi! The veggie tempura- to die for! The pineapple wontons with pineapple sauce - great!! If I could eat here every day... I'd would! Great service. Great food. Great drinks. Great seating! Luv it!
4	I've been to many RA locations and finally I found one that didn't make their drinks undrinkable strong.  I had something called a blushing geisha I believe and it was really good.  My friend Diana got the drink and I wanted to taste it too which I'm happy I tried it.The food was also a little bit better, still a little bland but there was something about it that had more flavor.  I don't know if it was more spices, sauce, or what compared to their other locations but I liked this one the most out of the 3 locations I've been to.
3	We were here for reverse happy hour and had a pretty good time.  We got a round of sake-bombers and a couple of rolls, the service was friendly and the bartender was beautiful.  I ended up having to apologize for my friend, a number of times, so we left before we wanted to for fear of getting kicked out.  I'd go back and try a real meal there at some point, but only during regular or reverse HH due to the drink prices.  It's tough for me, when it comes to sushi, as I'm a transplant here from Seattle - and it just doesn't get much fresher than that.  Three stars for adequate ambiance and tasty sake.
5	Love outdoor dinning. Fresh air. Making new friends. Staff very nice. Really feel welcomed here. Clean restrooms. Lots of space.lots of parking space.
4	My bff & I come here every time I visit her in AZ. We've had different things on the menu every time we go here the food never seems to go wrong, it's always excellent! I can't say the same about the service though. We stand in the front podium where we ALWAYS wait about 10 mins before being seated. The servers barely check on us every 15-20 mins while we sit there at our table. Their rolls are always good, you can never go wrong! The sashimi is pretty good to but i'd prefer the rolls or rice plates over it any day. Not as fresh as comparison to other places I've gone to before. But I'm sure we'll be stopping by again the next time i'm in town visiting her.
3	Was in town for work and decided to visit this location after work with some coworkers after a little apprehension...I mean c'mon...fresh seafood in Arizona where there isn't any real bodies of water around...  did someone say bubble guts?!? O.xThe food itself was only food only ...ok....in the sense that nothing special but not horribly done wrong.  We came during the happy hour which was a major +1 for the spot!The ceviche and short ribs were decent, ok portion and flavor, not overly fatty cuts of ribs.The rolls here are wack...but then again any avid sushiya patron doesn't order "rolls" to begin with. Kinda on the small side and lacked any special flavor and only reason they were order was because the happy hour deal and I needed something to soak up the draaaanks! Overall the saving grace was the happy hour + hot waitresses working (Thus 4 stars...if not so hot  waitresses feel free to subtract .5-1 stars)oh and for those who happen to give a fuark they honor 4square check ins free edamame or miso soup. another +1
4	I've been here twice! I absolutely love the Crispy Spicy Tuna - can't get enough of it! I would recommend sitting outside on a nice day. Definitely one of my local favorites.
4	Just recently got into sushi so still learning... Their Las Vegas roll was amazing! So good! I even got the chicken just in case... Didn't need it they did not disappoint!
4	I'm not usually a fan of RA and chain type places, but I find that their sashimi assortment (lunch menu) is delicious. The fish is very buttery and fresh. Lunch is served quickly and I visit it ~2 times a month during my lunch break.
4	I received an email from RA with a $20 coupon to use for my half birthday today, so we made our way to the old town location for happy hour this evening. If you haven't already, join their mailing list. They send amazing deals all year long and while the coupon can't be combined with the food on the happy hour menu, it can be combined with the drinks and our server was very willing and able to help us use the coupon to it's best benefit (which says a lot to me).I ordered a lemon drop and it was super good. My husband ordered an old fashioned and it was pretty good, not the best, but what can I expect from a sushi bar. Our service was wonderful at the sushi bar and we enjoyed talking with the guy behind the bar. We ordered the shrimp tempura roll, the yellow monkey roll, and the viva Las Vegas roll. Hands down, the Vegas roll stole the show - it had great sweet, spicy and salty elements to create a delectable bite. We'll certainly be back!
2	No, thank you, but no. Here's the short of it: the sushi took FOREVER and it came out mushy, falling apart and zero flavor. We sat at the bar hoping to just grab a couple of rolls and a drink before heading out for the night. It was definitely crowded so we were lucky to find two seats together. This is the hang out for the young Elite Scottsdale douche and his girl, so lots of 30,000 dollar millionaires. He ordered a safe Captain and Coke and I made the mistake of ordering a dirty Absolut martini. It was awful, it was weird tasting, I can't even accurately describe it. I drank it so it would go away. I obviously did not have another.So our food finally comes out. We ordered a shrimp tempura roll and a spicy tuna roll. They were HUGE. I hate that, how the hell am I supposed to eat this? The chop sticks could hardly even hold the weight and size of the thing. So I pick it up... it falls apart. So that answers the "how do I eat this thing" question. The answer is: AWKWARDLY. Blah blah, I could say more but in the end, it's just not worth it to come here. The food sucks, the drinks suck, the atmosphere sucks.
1	I was excited for a Wednesday date night with my boyfriend and couldn't wait to eat sushi. We chose to go to Ra and were greeted by a very kind hostess. After being seated, we waited for 20 minutes, without a server ever coming to our table. We got up and told the hostess, who said she would get the server right away. 5 more minutes went by and still no server...We left and got to eat pizza instead, since nothing was open.
4	I made a reservation through yelp both times I ate here(Friday and Saturday night). Seating was immediately available, the service was quick, the waitresses pleasant, the food came out quick and was delicious. The only thing that annoyed me was the music on Friday night was insanely loud. Great overall though.
5	This was our first dining experience at RA, we were greeted by a very friendly hostess and sat right away. The garlic edamame was to die for, perfectly seasoned and plenty to share. I had the holy shishito chicken, yum!! My husband ordered Tuna Rolls and was very happy. Atmosphere was pleasant, you can sit at the bar, out on the patio, at the sushi bar, or take the traditional table route. Music was good, just loud enough but still able to converse easily. Waitress, I think her name was Caitlin, was super! Very friendly and professional. The manager , Preston, was out on the floor helping and greeting all the patrons. In all a very satisfying experience. We will be returning very soon.
3	Went to RA for a birthday dinner, unfortunately they said they wouldn't do anything for it. It took about 5 minutes to get greeted then another 10 minutes just to get appetizers. Service was a little slow, however the food was good.
4	The chirashi bowl is good and at a very good price. I usually eat 5 or 6 rolls, but the chirashi bowl and one roll is usually enough to fill me up.Nice having tvs in the bar to watch football.
3	3.5 stars. I love RA and this is my first visit to this particular location. A friend and I met about 1:15 for lunch and the place was pretty empty. Service was slow and the waitress was very nice but it took a while for our food to come out. We started off with a garlic edamame appetizer, so delicious! The sauce was so good I saved it for the sushi. They had some new items on their menu and we ordered the chili shrimp roll and the shrimp calamari roll, both were great. Also got the ultimate shrimp tempura roll from their regular menu. I had room for dessert and my friend hadn't tried their banana split maki, so we got that and it was good but not as good as I remember. Great food overall but the service was a bit lacking as it took the waitress 10 minutes just to pick up our checks to process the payment.
5	Service was great - all the rolls we had were amazing and we kept some for leftover that stayed delicious even until the next day! Great location too.
3	Great location, good hours, and good sushi. Knocked off stars because last time I went, they sat me outside, and there were small black bugs crawling all over the black tabletop. I sat myself somewhere else but told the two receptionists. They said oh, and then went back to talking to each other. During my time eating at the restaurant, no one came to look at the bug situation or clean up the table. The bathroom was also not clean. Makes me wonder what the kitchen is like :/
3	I admit it. I used to tell everyone this is the worst restaurant in town. I went here a year ago and had OLD raw fish. I've been to the one in Tucson, which was always top-notch, and I was just really disappointed with this one.ALL THAT SAID, I went recently and they may have done a 180. I ordered the spicy chicken udon to be safe, which was delicious, but I noticed my friends' sushi rolls actually looked decent.So, I may give RA another chance.
2	You are most definitely allowed to have a dog in a restaurant if it's a service animal. By law, you are not allowed to ask me anything other than if she's a service animal. Doesn't have to wear a vest. Check the ADA laws before you offend someone. Probably should also make sure the hostess doesn't give people a look like we're crazy. It's offensive and there are plenty of other sushi options in Old Town that won't be so judgemental. I haven't eaten gotten my food and I'm turned off to this place right now.
2	Decided to head to RA instead of our normal sushi spot only because we didn't want to get another Uber to Old Town. While the food is ok, it just lacks what RA use to represent....It really feels like a chain sushi spot now as in the past it didn't. Seems like the past few years it has lost it's spark. While my sushi was good the portions have really shrunk in size. My boyfriend had the Crazy Monkey Roll and I had a Spicy Salmon Handroll and Sweet Shrimp w/heads. The handroll was two bites so I was very disappointed to say the least. Usually while this is a perfect amount for me I left still hungry. As you see I don't give a ton of 2 star reviews but I just couldn't give it 3 or higher as it's just lost the connection to people/guests and the food had slipped. Kinda sad as it use to be one of my favorite sushi spots to head to and I just don't see myself going there anytime in the near future.
5	The Maki Sushi rolls at RA were slap yo mama good! It tasted like avocado, rice, and crab had a party in my mouth. I have a pretty sophisticated pallet and was a bit skeptical that the quality of the California roll here could surpass that of my local H.E.B. Grocery store... But it did! And I loved it.
1	Horrible non-Japanese sushi, over-priced, with ear-splitting ghetto rap music. If you're 21 years old, and love crap food, this place is for you. Otherwise, head to Kyoto up the street...Japanese owned, and great prices.
4	Always fantastic sushi!Came here today during lunch...wasn't busy. We decided to sit out on the patio due to the beautiful weather. It took a long time waiting to order. But once our waitress- Chelsea- arrived she was friendly and accommodating!Ordered the spicy salmon bowl on my previous visit, and although last time it was a bit on the spicy side, I thought I would give it a try again. I requested light on the spicyiness. The bowl was light on the heat. Although I do recall a bit of seaweed on my last bowl, this one was delicious mingling with the cucumber and asparagus.Would I come here again for lunch? Absolutely!Thank you Ra!!
4	My Wife and I have been here several times.One time, the service was terrible.The rest of the times, though, have been great.If you sign up on their email list they'll send you lots and lots of deals.The sushi is tasty.  I'm a huge fan of their specialty rolls.They also have great happy hour specials:Mon-Fri, 3pm-7pmMon-Sat, 10pm-CloseSun, 8pm-CloseFinally, I really like how you can call ahead to put your name on the list, as it tends to get pretty busy.  Overall, if you're looking for some good sushi, I'd say give RA Sushi a try!Enjoy!
2	Sat on patio, tables and chairs way to close. Wait stuff was good but sushi was inconsistent, ie pieces not same size. Rice wasn't wrapped all the way around rolls. Salmon seemed old.
5	Fantastic place ok maybe because it was our first real date here ;) memories of love romance and bliss ! So the Sushi is great and the drinks ok but lovely and fantastic service . Ambiance and streetside dining a plus too for a nice day
3	Ra.......what happened?  You are well over do for a face lift. The restaurants are old and tired.  I think the bathroom at kierland is haunted. I have never been to bathroom so smelly dank dark and loud. Why is a major speaker, turned up way too loud,in this Nasty bathroom? On to the food,  I used to love happy hour.  Your prices have gone up and your customers have disappeared.  There are so many sushi bars you really cannot afford to let your guard down.  May I suggest a total redo of both restaurants? Get rid of horrid lava wall in Kierland and add really comfy out door seating. Have a true happy hour. Cheap drinks 5-7.  You have excellent locations. Time to remodel and re think you purpose of existing. Stagnation or growth.
2	Overpriced and not even very good. They were ok when I didn't know of better sushi options in Phoenix.
4	Much better RA. This was the way you used to be 10 years ago. I had stopped coming due to poor food quality ie bad flavors cold when should be hot and vice versa, bit this time really good warm crispy rice bed on crispy spicy tuna, great pot sticker sauce this time,  fried calamari cooked perfectly.  Even the Las Vegas roll was warm bottom and cold top with fresh taro chip. Keep it up an we will be back more regularly- you must have had some serious shake up in kitchen and management.
