5	Fast, fresh and low-key. Have a lot of veggie varieties as well as "The Dagwood" and make you own ingrediant subs. They bread is far superior to the bland sub rolls of other sub places-you know who they are.This is a chain with only a few locations in NC. I highly recommend the artichoke/mushroom sub. Served hot with lots of cheese and sauce!
5	By far, my favorite sub joint.  I've tried most, but keep going back to the Italian.  Awesome bread joined up with grilled meats run through the oven with cheese and finally dressed with all the goodies.  Getting hungry just thinking about it.  Awesome home cut fries, good home squeezed lemonade.
4	This place is quite good. Not much to add as the previous reviewers summarized things well. The fresh cut fries & lemonade are good. I like the Italian however the Philly seems to be the "signature". Prepare for very greasy - but tasty - food. Location is pretty convenient as was already mentioned. Don't waste your time at the hoity-toity place two doors down.
4	I've been to Penn Station many times.  I've been to the Rock Hill, Providence Road, and even the old closed location on Park Road Ext.  I mostly frequent the Providence Rd. location now.  I always get the cheesesteak sub so I can't comment on the other subs that they serve.  The steak comes standard with cheese, onions, mushrooms, banana peppers, and pizza sauce.  I get mine with just cheese, onions, mushrooms, mayo, and mustard.  What makes these subs so good are the fresh ingredients.  The steak is sliced fresh and the bread is baked there.  Also I'm pretty sure they butter the bread and toast it which adds that little bit of extra flavor and a few inches to the waiste line.  The fries are cut fresh and cooked up just right.The subs can get a little on the pricey side but I guess you get what you pay for.  I think the 10"-12" sub is in the $8.50 range which does not include fries/chips or a drink.  Tack those on and you are easily in the $13+ range.  If you are looking for a tasty cheesesteak give them a try, just head to the gym afterwards!
4	Sooooooooooooooooo good! Great sandwiches, awesome staff, great prices, and gotta love those fresh french fries and lemonade!Shoot... it was just what the doctor ordered after a day of fishing in the rain at the Westport Marina.
5	I Love Penn Station Subs.  They truly are the best in town.  Go see Tom off Providence rd and 485. They have great monthly combo specials and consistent taste.
4	Gotta love Penn Station East Coast Subs! My brother from Cincy (they're the official sandwich of the Cincinnati Reds) turned me on to this place. They have wonderful cheesesteak subs! I get my with everything but the pizza sauce. The spicy brown mustard & banana peppers give it a nice kick. The bread is so fresh. Such good flavors in that sub. Usually I get mine to go so I don't get the fries. I'll call it in as I'm driving there, run in & pick it up. I try to get by there at least once a week if I can. I highly recommend it.
2	Normally LOVE Penn Station, but today was. Greeted by a gnat infestation @ my Penn Station. Sooo troubled by that! Please get rid of the gnats. I will be back at least once, but if I have to fight the gnats for a lid & straw it will definitely be my last time. Totally willing to edit my review it fixed. I informed the guy behind the counter who was already aware and shared his knowledge of the gnat's resilience. I'm sure your not the first eatery to have to deal with this. Get a professional in there and save my favorite sandwich shop!
3	I love the subs at Penn Station. The cheesesteaks are really good if you dont get them with the pizza sauce, I have no idea who thought that was a good idea. I prefer the one in Rock Hill over the one on Providence only because I go there more often and the staff there know what I want . This is not to say that the one on Providence couldn't learn :).
4	Great subs and great service.  Picked up a tray of Italian subs for my son's party this weekend.  They give you all the extras such as lettuce, tomatoes, onions, etc. in separate containers so you can make the sub as you want. The kids loved them.  Can't go wrong with Penn Station.
5	Great food and nice workers...very friendly
3	This is the last sub place in the area that we've yet to try. We went to Penn Station for a quick Memorial Day lunch. As you walk in, you notice the easy to read menu, wooden benches, and the meats (or lack thereof) in the cooler. I got the Chicken Cordon Bleu, my dad got an Italian, and we split a medium french fry (we had a Citipass for a free sub w/ purchase of another sub, 2 drinks, and a medium fry). The fries and my dad's sandwich came out first. The fries were delicious, better than Five Guys, which are pretty good! My dad liked his sandwich as well. Mine finally came out, and the first thing I noticed was the sheer amount of cheese on the bread. Ugh. I had a bite, and it basically was cheese and ham. I quickly figured out I ordered the wrong thing, I did not like it one bit. I sort of swallowed half and was done with it. I would definitely come back and try something like the chicken parmesan next time.The service was very good. The gentleman who took our order was lively and respectful, and seemed like someone you could sit down and have a chat with. I would definitely come back to Penn Station and update my review after I try something more up my alley.
5	I absolutely love everything about this location!  The customer service is spot on, the bread is by far, the best sub bread I'ver ever had, the french fries are delicious & for dessert, you can't go wrong with their yummy chocolate chunk cookies.  My 8-year-old asks if he can eat there everyday.
5	I love this location! Wow, you cant go wrong with anything you order here. love it!
5	My favorite lunch spot.  I don't eat here every day because I don't want to weigh 300 pounds, but, I could.  Great people, best fries in town, and Cheese Steaks are as good as anything in Philadelphia - and I should know - i lived on the cheese steak diet for 5 years of college in Philadelphia.
4	It had been a horrible day.  Lean Cuisine was not going to cut it.  Let's go to Penn Station East Coast Subs!Located off of Providence Rd, just past 485, this is in the same shopping center as Hickory Tavern and Harris Teeter (and Carvel!).  At 7:45 pm on a Wednesday (school night), there were more people there than I expected.  Upon walking in, I gave my order to a friendly gentleman, then moved a few feet to pay.  Drinks are self serve and my meal was brought to my table a few minutes later.   There are a few tables outside (which people were smoking at - GROSS), and quite a few tables inside as well.The food:12" cheesesteak ($9) - I can eat a 12" Subway sub with no problem, but this bad boy, wow... towards the end, I didn't think I was going to be able to finish it.  But I tried hard and believed in myself and managed to eat everything but the crumbs.   Served smoking hot, the meat was plentiful and well seasoned on bread that was toasted enough to keep the ingredients together (for the most part), but still soft on the inside.  I didn't go with the fully loaded cheesesteak (I don't like mushrooms or mustard) and had cheese, onions and mayo.  Absolutely delicious, though a bit drippy.Small fries ($1.69) - meh, they were fries.  I am not a huge fry fan and just ate a few, but they were hot and made from potatoes.  Ketchup is self-serve from a pump next to the drink machine and they also have malt vinegar if that is your preference.It was just over $13 for a 12" sub, small fry and a drink - a little more that your average sub place, but quite good.  Good food, friendly employees, clean interior, fresh tasting ingredients, Penn Station is a winner and I shall return.
5	This is the best sub station around. I wont eat at subway, substation, firehouse subs, quiznos subs, etc when this place is close-by. The Subs are worlds above the rest and the fries are heavenly!!!!
5	Customer service was top notch! We wanted half of our sandwiches to go and they kept it in the oven so it would be warm while we ate the other half in the store. The chicken teriyaki sandwich tastes just like French onion soup. I've never had such a unique sub!
4	Chain restaurants aren't usually among my favorite places to find the best food in town, but in this case, Penn Street Station qualifies.  In the never ending search to find a good Philly outside of Philly, I found one at Penn Street.  The bread/meat ratio is good, the sandwich is moist but no too much so, and the cheese is stringy.  This sandwich is just satisfying. The restaurant is pretty basic, but it is clean and the customer service is good.  When you walk in the door the guys behind the counter usually greet you and after you order your sandwich they bring it out to you. Finally the French Fries are as good as you will find.  Add some catchup and malt vinegar to your fries and it rounds out your meal nicely.
5	Penn Staton is known fr great sammies, butthe fries are best part of the show. ImHO  the fries are pretty much showstoppers.  best fries in in Charlotte.Made with all the right stuff
5	This was my first time here. It was very clean , friendly, and had great food. I will be going back to that location very soon. thanks for the great sub!
4	Well I tried a new place last week ! Me and Austin just ran in and had lunch on the fly.... It was Awesome the Philly cheesesteak is super yummy you won't be disappointed at all i think.. The staff was super helpful and nice and the restaurant was vary clean, its definitely one to frequent and we will be back !!
5	This place is absolutely fantastic. Their subs are delicious and reliable. I always get the Italian and it never disappoints. On Tuesday or Wednesday they give away free cookies with meal. They are bite-sized but very good. Based on quality of food I would never guess it was a chain.
5	Well, I have to say, the remodel inside has cured the problem with the gnats around the soda counter. Food is always great! Service is unmatched. I'm a fan!
