4	Came here with some quick savvy Yelpers who tipped me off to this new BBQ joint on St Denis, so I'm grinning to be grabbing the first, MWHAHA. I owe you a shot of Jameson for crashing your dates, but I heart you all. Really cute little place just getting rolling, nice mix of rockabilly texmex vibe what with the wagon wheel and bullhorns and all. Small enough to know each item you're eating had someone pay attention to it, and I do love to eat food and crack "that's what she said" jokes in old church pews. My Jalapeno poppers were fiery and good but could have been a little more breaded, and maybe a cheese with more kick than cream? My charming friends seemed to enjoy their pulled pork, and man size beef rib, and fries with a little sweet potato throw right in. Highlight was the charming Bloodshot Bill playing up front, I'm guessing this was a special occasion but yay, as ever, for live music with good food and nice people. Bonus points to the owner sitting nearby working the heater/ac with a remote every time we even started to think about being too hot or cold. Friendly, attentive, Rolling Rock on tap - will be back with a bigger appetite soon.
5	A friend of mine reccommended we go here after a long day on the mountain.. everyone else was excited, myself not so much (I am a vegetarian). Once we got there, however, we were greated with such awesome service I was pretty pleased. Then I learned they had Rolling Rock on tap! Made it better. After checking the menu I saw they had Mac N Cheese.. It was amazing! (It comes with sausage on top so if youre a vegetarian that doesnt like meat touching your food, ask right away for there not to be any. I dont really care so I just plucked it off and gave it to my bf) The patatoe salad was incredible, THEY HAD CORNBREAD!!!!! Which I was pretty happy about, given I'm from the south. I was with a group of 10 people and every single person was so happy and content and stoked to go back there. I think they are going to do VERY well and will only get better. I am definitely reccommending this place to all my friends and will absolutely be back.
5	Can't recommend this place enough.  Been there 4 times now and have been blown away 4 times.  After eating here, I never want to eat Bofingers again.  The brisket isn't for the tame of pallet.  Pulled pork just dripping sweet and spicy.  Ribs seemingly straight off the brontosaurus.  Never had maquchoux before, but definitely a find.  Distillerie style drinks, with the same love of Sailor Jerry as I have!  Cheap pints of Rolling Rock to top it off.  I've been waiting for a place like this ever since my trip to Texas a few years back and it's finally delivered!
4	Service was wonderful and the place had great atmosphere. The price was very reasonable (12.95 for pulled pork at the time of my visit) and my taste buds were certainly not disappointed. We sat on their back terrace, which can accommodate larger groups, and chowed down. I enjoyed the pulled pork with slaw & sweet potato sides and I don't think I'll be changing my order for any of my return visits, I can't wait to bring some of my foodies out there to try it. Great price, service, food, atmosphere and the fact that they actually employ portion control says that they know what they're doing. I left stuffed and more than satisfied.
3	Visited here on a Friday night. The staff seemed to be completely overwhelmed. The seat on the terrasse bumped up and down each time someone walked by. The beef rib was a large single rib. The sauce on the sweet side had a tangy edge. The cole slaw was coarsely cut but flavourful. Getting water and napkins seem to be a big deal, of the three different tattooed waitresses that served us, only one seemed to be extremely competent, another blamed their being short staffed. Food was served quickly and hot. The jalapeno corn bread was tasty enough that I ate it, which is quite a compliment. I wish the service was as good as the food, though.
4	Went to Diablo's for the first time today thanks to an online voucher deal and I'm quite pleased.Location wise, this area is booming, lots of nice terraces, bars and restaurant. At first glance, I thought this place was bigger but it occupies the second floor of a building and has a really nice back terrace. There's also live music on Tuesdays and Saturdays.The whole vibe of the restaurant is fun, pretty pin up girls, Hello sailor, American nostalgia. The decor is rustic, simple. Maybe a little bit so, their outdoor tables are made of untreated wood and if you're not careful,  you could get splinters.There's a wooden tool box on every table that holds salt/pepper and condiments. Big rolls of paper towels signal something deliciously messy is on the way.We started with drinks - Saltwater Cowboy and Shark Attack, both served in mason jars with colorful straws and fruits. My "Cowboy" was really strong whereas the Shark tasted like a sweet lemonade, very easy to drink. By the way, the pictures of the drinks on the menu don't always correspond to what you'll get. For example, Shark Attack is a Barbie pink grenadine based drink, although it was pictured as yellow.Many unique cocktails to choose from, all so appealing,  I'll definitely be going back just to try them at the very least.Main courses: we tried ribs and mac and cheese. There were many side dishes to choose from, we chose garden salad, corn bread and a mix of sweet potato and regular fries.Pretty much everything was delicious, although the mac and cheese which is made of Parmesan and Emmental - I found that to be a bit too pungent for my taste buds. It's definitely not a mac and cheese kids will love although if you're looking for a kick, they also have it with blue cheese.Next time I'll also opt for strictly sweet potato fries as they seemed a lot more moist in the inside and crispy on the outside.We didn't order desserts as they only had a pecan pie and Sailor Jerry rum ice cream at the moment. Selection is lacking but they are working on it!Service was prompt and efficient. They seem to be training a lot of staff and there were no shortage of waitresses around to help you.There were so many other yummy menu items, I'll be going again as I'm looking forward to trying some fried chicken, tacos, Poboy sandwiches and pulled pork.Overall great smokehouse, southern style cuisine and fun environment. Just the name itself, Diablo's is a win for me.
2	Was hyped to try some spicy hot chili but unfortunately they were out of just about  everything... no chili, no wings, and no pulled pork. I fought my instinct to leave and gave the Diablo burger a try, it was underwhelming, undercooked, missing ingredients with 2 small unseeded jalapenos with no kick whatsoever. I'll probably give them another shot but this was not a good experience.
3	Went there with the family for a quick supper on a beautiful Summer Night in the MTLwanted to try this place to compare with the other BBQ-Texas style restos (Boucan and Icehouse)vibe/atmosphere very Rockabilly tkx to the great waitresses (super friendly)since it was nice we sat outside so did not get a good look at the resto, terrace is ok nothing special and smaller than expectedwe started off with disappointing drinks (true what one of the reviewer said, pictures do not reflect the drinks) served in Masson jar (so original, never seen it B4...) and they were at room temperature!!! i asked for a glass of ice to refresh them, but those summer drinks should be icecold and i would of put some special salt/spices on the rim of the jar to kick things up. the menu is very diversified, plenty to choose from and maybe too much? we tried :hush puppies were ok a bit flavory but nothing greathad a bite of my daughter's pulled pork taco and it was very tasty, specially with the nice coleslaw on topGF took the pulled pork sandwich and it was H-U-G-E lots and lots of tasty meat (miam)daughter took the shrimp popcorn; was ok but would not reorderi had the BEST meal!! the fried chicken and rib combochicken has a nice breading, huge portion, very moist (would of liked it a bit spicier). if u wanna compare it to Icehouse, this one has lots of breading ala Shake N Bake (wich is pretty good), Icehouse has more skin and more tangbut the STAR of the night were those great ribs... Viva Las Smoker!! man o man still drooling ala Homer over them; great smoky-charcoal taste, meat falls of the bone, no glazing just good ol char (it's served with a nice bbq sauce, but still ate them plain)u can choose from various sides, we had corn, jalapeno cornbread and fries (mix of regular and sweet potato) all 3 were very good specially the sweet potato friesall in all good night at Diablo (would've given 3 1/2 stars but can't)i should try it again with live music and no kid!!! and extra serving of RIBS
3	Went here on a Friday night with a friend for some beer and good Southern cooking. The beer was good but I was ultimately disappointed with the food. We shared a pulled pork sandwich, a plate of baby back ribs and fried chicken.The pulled pork sandwich was the only good thing we ate that night. The meat was tender and the bun to meat ratio was acceptable. Coleslaw as a side was traditional and served its purpose. The ribs were mediocre at best. It was a bit dry and the BBQ sauce had a bit too much molasses for my liking. The fried chicken was the worst I've had in awhile. One piece was so dry I couldn't eat it. I asked for yam fries and they gave me half regular fries and a small portion of yam fries. Sigh. The service was awesome but I don't think I'll be coming back here unless it's for the pulled pork. Let's hope they improve.
4	I been here a multitude of times .A very cheery , "Hey ! How ya doing ??" kind of place.A ton of friendly hot looking staff! Shadowed by aw-some rock and roll Punk!You get a good view of the drunken terrace below. Get a beer because , you will need time to decide what to eat Oh boy can you eat!! All the good stuff from Mac & Cheese, Fried Chicken , BB Ribs  and just basically pure food grade happiness.!Stop what you are doing , get off your butt and go there Right now !!!
3	Second visit. Service was much better this time as the waitress didn't seem quite as overwhelmed. Ordered the fried chicken this time... I was really looking forward to some fried chicken... until it arrived. They seem to be using some sort of corn flake or bread crumb coating on their fried chicken, which was crunchy, but didn't really seal the chicken and give it the juiciness that you would expect from a batter fried chicken. So fair warning... don't expect batter fried chicken, which is a shame, because I would have left smiling wickedly for days... I love fried chicken. They also don't seem to stock honey for the fried chicken. The ribs were a bit dry. The jalapeno poppers were spicy and hot. The fried pickles were good. The pecan pie was great, not overly spicy. Soft drinks (well at least my Coke Zero) was bottled, which makes for a bit of a skimpy pour, great way to sell more, but disappointing if you only want one. Still love that jalapeno corn bread!The restaurant is good and with a few tweaks could be great. I wouldn't order the fried chicken again, which is a shame considering how few places in Montreal actually serve fried chicken. It is definitely something that could set them apart from other restaurants. We'll be back, but not for the chicken.
2	I headed there for the BBQ, but when I saw fried chicken on the menu, I changed my mind.  The outdoor patio was pretty full but the owner/manager moved his laptop and accounts and everything off a table and gave it to me. - party of one. Nice. The waitress was friendly to an english only customer. The chicken however was a large disappointment. Not breaded but covered in crunchy corn flakes or something.  The menu said buttermilk but I tasted none. In fact the chicken was completely lacking in any taste at all. I might try it again and give the BBQ a chance this time. And watch the stairs entering and leaving the hand rail is not the steadiest.
5	It's the last day of burger week and we decided to squeeze in a visit to Diablo's to taste, what we felt, was the most interesting and creative of all the burgers being offered. Diablo's was offering a 15$ burger, THE SIXTH DEADLY SIN: an AAA beef patty topped with provolone cheese, smoked bacon, house-smoked tomato ketchup and then the ENTIRE burger is deep-fried.We walked up to the second floor entered a space that was a little bit country, a little bit Tiki, with a whole punch of character. The wooden tables, the armadillo, the fruit all over the bar; they had just made a series of drinks with them, so, no, they don't stay out there. I had wanted to sit outside and enjoy the last of summers reign, but alas, bees, hornets and other stinging critters sent me running inside.We sat at the bar (I really think that eating and drinking at the bar is THE BEST!) and ordered up our fare. The BF knew he was getting the burger, but I was leaning towards the ribs. Jason, the chef here, started up a conversation with us and soon after I KNEW I wanted the ribs.I'll tell you that the burger was a solid hit. They obviously put a lot of effort into developing the burger as simply dumping a burger into batter and frying it would not work very well. The outside of the bun was nice and crispy, while the inside of the bun stayed dry. Quite a feat.Though this is not a burger I would order on any other occasion, I think, it we were there with a table of people and this burger was on the menu, I would possibly insist we all share it... as kind of an appetizer. This all said. I ordered the beef rib. A dinosaur of a rib, with a nice thick and meaty slab of beef just barely hugging the bone. A little shake and the bone was freed. The ribs here are phenomenal.We look forward to coming back to enjoy a few cocktails, scoff on some ribs and take in the relaxed atmosphere and cool vibe.
2	The only good think about this meal were the ribs.  The ribs very very tender and flavourful.  Pulled pork was good although the portion size was extremely small.  The fried chicken was awful!  Dry, overly crunchy, and the only think you can taste is smoke.  The portions were very small for the price.  For a $65 meal I expected a lot better.
3	I absolutely love BBQ and was really excited to try Diablo's. I have been to Bofinger's and was not really impressed, I was hoping for better luck with this one.I was craving a pulled pork sandwich last week and decided to drop in to get one since it's not too far from home.It was a quiet afternoon, I was greeted my a friendly girl who handed me a menu. I was then told that they were out of pulled pork tacos and chili.It is a cute, quaint little restaurant, with a nice, homey feel,  goo goo dolls was playing and it has a relaxed feel to the place which was nice. They also have a terasse on the back which would be enjoyable as well.I orderd the pulled pork sandwich with extra BBQ sauce because I tend to like things saucy, it came with a side, I chose the potato salad.It was ready in about 10 minutes and the cook personally handed me my bag with a friendly  smile, wishing me  a good lunch and  a happy belly.It is nice to have friendly people cook and serve you your food, always appreciated:)I sat in my car and decided to have a highly anticipated bite and I sadly was disappointed. The meat was tender but on the mushy side and the bbq sauce was missing a smoky kick. It was good but by no means a heavenly sensory experience like a great bbq  usually is to me.The potato sald was creamy and refreshing and quite tasty.I really wanted to like this place, I really did but it was not to be. I may eventually go back to try the baby back ribs but, all in all, Diablo's did not measure up to my Southern BBQ tastes.
2	I'd first heard of Diablo's thanks to MTL Burger Week.  Though I didn't try their artery-clogging deep fried burger creation, it did spark my interest in trying out the place.  I was interested to see if their creativity carried over to their regular daily menu as well.Place:  Diablo's is a comfy, low lit spot with plenty of seating for couple and larger groups.  It also features a bar that seats around 8 people.  They also have an outdoor seating area that I didn't get to take a look at.  It's a good BBQ/bar atmosphere with groups of 20-30 somethings enjoying themselves.   Food:  Along with a large variety of BBQ options, Diablo's serves some of the largest mixed drinks I've ever seen outside of Vegas and New Orleans.  These $40 bad boys   will definitely put a hurting on you.  I stuck with one of their smaller libations and we each ordered the pulled pork sandwich.  I ordered a side of corn bread and my partner in crime went with the smashed potatoes.The pulled pork was solid, but not spectacular.  The corn bread was rather small, cold and neither butter nor honey was offered.  The smashed potatoes lacked flavor and we had to resort to dumping in some salt to liven things up.Service:  We popped in on a Friday night at 8pm without a reservation and no tables were available, so we sat at the bar.  The host who seated us did a great job of making us feel welcome and explaining to us the house speciality drinks and menu items.  Our bartender was prompt with our drinks and also kindly took our dinner orders. Price: ~$40 for two dinners and two mixed drinks.  Fair, but a bit expensive for the quality. Though I enjoyed the service and ambiance of the place, but if I come back it will be for the massive mixed drinks and not the food.
4	You know you're in trouble when your stomach is screaming NO MAS! and your mind is pleading 'I want more it tastes so good'. Having been for a Yelp event my SO and I went back for our anniversary. He's even pickier than I am and loved the fried chicken and the omg it's got to be illegal somewhere beef rib and collared greens. Sad to say fellow Yelpers I got the very last portion of pulled pork ravioli as they're taking it off the menu. The corn bread was perfect. The chopped salad not so much but it was a good palate cleanser so I could wolf down the delightful mac n cheese with chorizo sausage. The drinks are first rate and, as we went on a quiet Tuesday night, the service was truly amazing. Great to see Chef Jason again and chat. HELPFUL TIP: If you want food avoid going Friday or Saturday night.  The place gets really packed; mostly with a drinking crowd. They are primarily a bar especially on those nights and the food that does get served can disappear really fast. As we were sooooo stuffed dessert will have to wait for our next visit!
5	I was delightfully surprised by the southern comfort food and hospitality. I especially devoured the BBQ pork chop. The staff is friendly and foodie savvy. Get extra napkins... Or just lick your fingers. It's that delicious. Seriously addictive!
4	Great, great, great southern BBQ. Side dishes were a little small, but what they lacked in size they made up for in flavour. Well done!Update: the coleslaw was AWESOME.
4	Had lunch here on Saturday afternoon.  Was very quiet at about 2pm and got a table on the back terrace.  Ordered a couple appetizers first, the jalapeno poppers and the mac & cheese with sausage.  Both were very good and recommended.  I decided on the half rack of pork ribs and they are easily the best ribs I've had in Montreal and I've tried Bofingers, Le Fumoir and another place in the Burgundy area but can't remember the name.  Diablos ribs were far superior to those other establishments.  The two sides I ordered, one was a mixture of corn and red peppers I think and it began with an M, it was very good but can't remember what it was called and the website is down now.  I also ordered the potato salad which was not memorable at all.  If there was a low light to this experience it was definitely the bland potato salad.  My friend ordered the Shimp Po-Boy  and that too was delicious with colossal shrimp and a great sandwich.  Overall, a definite recommend from me.
5	There's no way around it... I love this place. I love the atmosphere, I love their style of ribs, I love the creativity, I love Jason (I'm kinda stalking him) and the place just makes me feel cooler than I actually am. I'm a better person for having been there! On our last visit to Diablos my Man and I were fairly hungry. We'd spent the earlier part of the evening with the gorgeous Risa and Marie-Pier for an Elite event, so we had coffee and a few treats, but no food, food.I ordered the Louis Cypher corndogs and a side of sweet potato fries. Loved! I'm going to use love a lot in this review. I also got the Bloody Caesar made with a jalapeno hot sauce that was just the right amount of heat!My man ordered the chicken fried steak with the cornbread and he thoroughly enjoyed it... brings him back to our travels through the Southern US! I have no negatives to say about this place, it rocks!
4	We had a great experience at Diablos.  Staff was more than accommodating; their claim to fame are their huge 25 oz cocktails.  They don't usually serve their mojito that way but were more than happy to make one for us.  It was delicious!  Full of fresh lime juice and mint, not too sweet.The food was great too.  I loved my sliders of corn bread and pulled pork.  The only thing that could have made it better would be if they served the jalapeno corn bread as the buns.  My boyfriend had their traditional pulled pork sandwich which he loved.  To top it off they have an awesome patio out back.  I would definitely go back next time I'm in Montreal.
3	A couple of Sundays ago and in the mood for a nice spot to enjoy the weather, I was tasked to pick a restaurant in the latin Quarter for me and some friends. Given that everyone likes BBQ, I decided that we'd try out Diablos BBQ, a new-ish place located on St-Denis between Ontario and De Maisonneuve. Now, this was the same weekend where I tried out Dinette Triple Crown, so Diablos had much to live up to.We arrived around 1:30 and were surprised to find that we were the only ones there! A little strange but the gay pride parade had just ended so maybe the lack of people was a function of that but either way, for the entire time we were there, no other patrons showed up. The restaurant is relatively small inside with the look and feel of a southern style BBQ place. However, they have an awesome terrasse outback which was one of the same reasons we went that day.To start, I had the pulled pork sliders because, as I mentioned previously, the quality of a BBQ place's pulled pork says a lot about the restaurant to me. The sliders were okay. The pulled pork was good texturally however it lacked sauce somewhat and was a little on the cold side temperature wise. The cornbread was well done but given its nature dry and dense nature, the lack of sauce with the pork was all the more glaring.As a main, I went with the abattoir burger which is an 1lb patty formed with equal portions of beef, veal and pork. The burger is served with the option of a number of sides. I chose to go with the coleslaw because I really didn't feel like eating fries at that moment which incidentally were quite good having picked a few from my friends. Anyway, the patty was perfectly cooked and quite good. Again, while the burger has some BBQ sauce in it as a condiment, I definitely think it needed more. The bun was quite good as well. The coleslaw was solid - nothing really standout but nothing bad either.Overall, Diablos BBQ was a solid meal but somewhat disappointing. I truly believe my experience at Dinette the day before really set me up for this kind of experience. The actual BBQ itself was well done. It was just the little extra touches that were missing for me on this day. If you are a fan of BBQ, I would still encourage you to check them out if you're in the area.Cheers!
4	A must do when in the Latin quarter! The owners are too cool and very hospitable! The ribs and sauce are on hit! Eat on the deck, people watch, drink out in the air and grub! I love the this place and now you know!
5	Best ribs I ever had!  A few friends and I went their on a Friday night for supper and didn't have reservations so there was only some room either at the bar or on the terrace. It was cold and rainy out so didn't really want to eat outside but the staff accommodated by finding us a table in that tiny place! I got the beef ribs (smoked 24 hours - I think) and a buddy got the pork ribs (smoked 48 hours). They actually smoke 'em all in-house and not that fake "smoke flavor". They use hickory wood to smoke them and did I say best ribs I ever had?! Served with a mix of sweet potato and regular fries! I don't even remember what the other side dish was that I got but I am sure it was awesome cuz I didn't have any complaints. The portions are massive! My buddy can really eat and he had some trouble finishing his ribs, I had nooooo problem helping him!The staff are really great! When our original waitress was busy, someone else jumped right in and helped us. Great team of folks over there!Their drink menu has like 80-90 different cocktails in it. Not really my style by my friend is and she loved the drinks. I'd go back in a heartbeat!
4	Me and my friends had gone there on a Friday and we didn't know we needed reservations but the staff was more than accommodating and found us a table inside. The atmosphere was sweet I loved it instantly.Our waitress was a doll and so were the other employees. Very kind and helpful in explaining there menu.I love anything veggie, I ordered there veggie sandwich with grilled vegetables and goat cheese and the mixed fries and it was amazing great flavors and so filling.The boys got ribs and more meat and they loved it! I will def need to try the ribs next time. Oh! and my cocktail was so tasty can't go wrong with Vodka and Slush! (lavender May) was the name of it. Overall great experience can't wait to go back!
4	I am a fan of good BBQ so when I heard about Diablo's I wanted to try it out.  Situated in the heart of the Latin Quarter it is quite small on the inside but has a nice terrasse.  The service here is quick and friendly.Foodwise I tried the deep-fried pickles which came with a dill-seasoned dipping sauce and I liked them quite a bit.  I followed it up with a Cajun shrimp Poboy with coleslaw.  The shrimp were nicely seasoned and had a good kick to them.  I also liked the coleslaw quite a bit.The cocktails are also worth trying.  They have some served in Mason jars and it's hard to chose which one you want.  I had the Saltwater Cowboy and the Hurricane which were watered down a bit but still pretty good.I was disappointed that they were out of quite a few options on the menu.  I had originally wanted corn bread as my side but was told they were out.  Had it been closer to closing time I would have understood however it was early enough in the night that they should have had them.The place is cash only so make sure you have enough when you go.  Also I'd recommend a reservation.  We didn't have one but since the terrasse was open we got a seat .   The dining room though is on the small side so when the terrasse is closed I can imagine getting a seat would be tough.
2	I feel it is my civic duty to warn you away from Diablo's barbecue house on St Denis. I've eaten there twice now, and both experiences can be described with the exact same phrase: a clusterfuck of sheer ineptitude.I really wanted to like this no-frills smokehouse, but it would seem that the majority of the aforementioned smoke is, unfortunately, coming out of the kitchen staff's ineptitude.The first time I went was at lunch on a Friday. The place was empty, but it still took us over an hour to get our food, which was mediocre at best.The second time was this evening... Diablo's is currently winning Montreal Burger week, so we thought we'd check it out. I have to say that, after tonight, I have no idea how this victory came about, because they managed to totally mess up our order... twice.Having queued for half an hour to get a table, we then waited for half an hour for a waitress to take our order, followed by another half hour wait for our drinks to arrive. Half an hour after that, we actually got our food. We had ordered their Burger Week special, The Cheesus, which was described to us as a deliciously seasoned beef burger, cooked, then battered and flash fried, served with smoked ketchup, chicken fried steak sauce, three slices of bacon and, instead of a bun, fried Haloumi cheese. Wow! That sounds pretty good, non? Except when our burgers arrived (after two hours of waiting) there was only one piece of Haloumi "bun" so we couldn't pick them up. We sent the order back, and we got brand new Cheesuses, quick smart. We started to tuck in and realized that there was neither any batter, nor bacon, and the burgers were dry and relied on an ocean of sauce to deliver any flavour. Seriously? This was supposed to be a prize-winning burger experience, not two hours of waiting followed by a double cock-up and bitter disappointment.Not to mention the fries were cold with order 1, and overcooked on order 2.The manager did comp our drinks,and did his best to apologize but the damage was done - after two and a half hours of waiting for what can only be described as a flavourless gimmick, and having to send it back, it was the least he can do. Avoid. And make the trek to Blackstrap BBQ, whose food and ambience are miles better than this.
3	Pretty good BBQ, the Collard greens were great, fried chicken good and beef rib tasty.  It's definitely a good option when in this area.  Staff was friendly and the decor was cool, this is a even better place to hang out at during the summer as they have a covered patio out back.
4	Their salads are amazing and fill you up! Also, chicken steak YUM YUM!
4	Update - Went back AGAIN. Had the Diablo's burger and those beautiful mixed fries. Perfect balance of regular and sweet potato fries with a great chipotle mayoFood:  9/10Service:  7/10 - missing utensils, slow service meant I missed happy hourPrice:  7/10Atmosphere: 8/10
2	service was great! but the pulled pork lacked flavour. coleslaw was disappointing. 3$ for a soda is insanity. pecan pie was much too sweet. a bit of restraint on the sugar in the pie & an availability of sauces on the table to counter the lack of sauce on the sandwich would have been great.
4	Secon time here! It's amazing. Had a coupon for 50% off for fried pickles! It was delicious! The pork sliders were amazing as well! Last time I had the brisket! It was delicious. If u want to impress you visiting  friends bring them here! They will love it.
2	Food was good, service was below average, empty booths and you make sit at a small table. Drinks need to come out faster. Average at best!
4	One of my favorite places for BBQ in Montreal! Everything I tried is succulent, and offers that southern twist. I would highly recommend the Shrimp Po'boy. The pricing here is also reasonable, and each plate offers you your choice of a southern style. Great terrace in the back and a fun selection of original drinks!
3	I've been to Diablo's twice now and I have to say I think it's really going downhill. The first time I was there (in the fall of 2013 I believe) we had an amazing jalapeno poppers appetizer and I had a delicious (albeit pretty greasy) sandwich. We also had some strong, good-tasting and relatively affordable drinks. There was a nice selection. The service was good.Second time around (last week) things got weird. For some reason the menu was printed on a regular weight 8x11 piece of paper without anything sturdy to hold it and was significantly reduced from last time, meaning that if you have any dietary preferences, your options are pretty narrow. The waitress announced right away that they didn't have any nachos or brisket that day (really? no brisket at a BBQ joint?) and it was only about 8pm by then. The women next to us were loudly complaining that they had been waiting for over an hour and went to see the kitchen staff, who were evidently not working and chatting around. We didn't have to wait as long (maybe 20-30min) and weren't in a rush so I won't complain about that.Finally, our food arrived and it looked really delicious. I got a side of coleslaw and cornbread. Both were AWFUL, and I am very far from a picky eater. I love coleslaw in all its forms, but I couldn't take more than a bite of this one, it was thickly cut, bitter, and drenched in some gross mayo sauce. The cornbread tasted like it was 2 weeks old, couldn't eat that either. My main was the mac&cheese and I cannot complain, it was dee-licious! I was really disappointed to have to pay 15$ for a dish I barely ate because it was so bad though. The waitress was aloof and not attentive but I wouldn't say the service was bad.Unfortunately, I doubt I'll come back again, although to be honest, considering it was 75% empty at 8pm on a Friday, I'm not sure how long it will be around.
4	The venue looks exceptionally well and inviting, I'm a big fan of the theme they have going on and might I add the best Mashed potatoes I ever had was from Diablos and the beef ribs were succulent and the slush cocktail I ordered( can't recall the name) was to die for. Staff was cool as well and unlike other similar restaurants they were not stingy in the portions, my only con was the french fries are pretty generic but everything else I ordered I highly enjoyed.I'll definitely be coming back
1	We went there last night and all three of us were very disappointed. It may be we just ordered the wrong items but not one was anything close to decent never mind anything to rave about.Admittedly I have been spoiled with bbq having lived in Texas and been to hundreds of BBQ joints all over the southern US as well as the not to be missed on any account - Dr Hoggly Woggly's (not sure the spelling) near Van Nuys airport in Los Angeles.However even ranked against Montreal BBQ this place left a lot to be desired.I had the 'signature' beef rib. It was a dried out lump of tasteless beef like substance which in parts was so hard as to be inedible. Soaking it in bbq sauce made it palatable. The fries were over-salted but ok; the coleslaw was actually pretty good.N had cajun shrimp. They were blackened for sure but basically tasted like lumps of salt. She ate half my fries to get some sort of sustenance.J had the smoked salmon. Again it was dried out and hard enough to pave your driveway. The smash potatoes he had were very good.Service was good. The waitress was attentive and pleasant.In short, don't bother with this place unless they sack the chef. Even St Hubert does better bbq. I am not kidding.
