5	We have been taking our dog Abby here for the past four years since they gave us a free wellness check after we got her from the rescue. Every time we go the staff are friendly, helpful and really seem to love animals. One of the techs Sarah always gets down on the floor and plays with our dog. Dr. Duplissis is really good and takes time to answer all of our questions. We have never been kept waiting, they seem to be on schedule most of the time. They are also accommodating, our groomers wouldn't use the shampoo we provided unless it was prescribed by the vet, so one phone call and one prescription later problem solved. The new facility they built a couple of years ago is really nice. I would recommend them to anyone.
1	This was my primary vet for years but I've since switched due to some unscrupulous practices. Firstly I had a ferret I was fairly sure had adrenal cancer due to having had other ferrets with the disease before. I know not all vets are equipped to deal with this so I specifically asked if she could be treated for the cancer at this facility and was told yes. Once I got there and paid the $50 exam fee I was told she probably had adrenal cancer and they couldn't treat her there. Lying to customers is never good. Then after my new puppy came down with a cold they tried to push Xrays on me even after they admitted their course of treatment would be no different should I get the xray or not. When I again refused the xray they made me sign a guilt laden form stating that I had repeatedly denied their medical advice and anything happening to my pet was my fault. Another time I waited over an hour past my appointment time for vaccinations. Other times the staff has been polite but I dont really like being lied to, guilt tripped, and treated like my time is unimportant.
5	I have been going to McClintock Animal Care Center for approximately 10 years. The staff is wonderful, all the veteranarians are fantastic. I currently have 5 pets and they have all been well taken care of here. I have had to have 2 pets put down over the past few years and I can't even begin to tell you how caring and loving everyone in the office was. Prices are comparable to any other vets in the valley, but the staff goes above and beyond.
5	After living in the valley for four years I finally found a vet I like! I had a wonderful vet for six years before moving to the valley and I couldn't seem to find anyone nearly as good, until now. The first thing I noticed about McClintock Animal Care Center is the separate entrance for dogs and cats. This definitely eliminates some stress of having to keep my dog on a short leash while waiting up front. The second thing I noticed was the friendly front desk staff. They greeted me and my dog as soon as we walked in and promptly came around the desk to pet my dog and offer her a treat. It was obvious everyone who worked there was an animal lover and enjoyed their job. The third thing I noticed was that the waiting room was very clean.A vet assistant took my information in the exam room, which was spacious and clean, and let me know the vet would be there in a few minutes. Both the vet and the vet assistant were very friendly and made sure to explain all the procedures and the cost of everything. They showed me the cost of all the procedures I requested before they started anything. Since this was our first time in, the vet took a few minutes to get to know my dog and gave her a couple treats before her shots. Then she gave her a treat after everything was done (this is something my old vet always used to do and I didn't see that at other vets here in the valley). I would say the cost of everything was very comparable to other vets I have been to, and they gave me the 25% discount on the exam fee for mentioning Yelp. If you have just moved to the valley, or are looking to switch vets, I highly recommend McClintock Animal Care Center!
5	I have taken my animals to this practice for over 11 years and would NEVER trusyt another practice with my dogs...I LOVE LOVE LOVE the Docs here.  I have moved over 45 miles away and tried numerous other practices and I will gladly make the drive...so worth it!
5	All pets in our family are patients at McClintock Animal Care Center. The staff is kind, caring and so helpful. The doctors are amazing and really take their time with your pet. Our dog has had constant health issues over the last 4 years --Dr. D and Dr. W have gone above and beyond to treat her. We LOVE this vet's office and trust no one else with our feline and canine family members :)
5	When my doofus, bullhead of a dog decided to jump through the closed window to chase after a poodle, this was a great place for her follow up care.  The staff is always friendly.  Molly loved everyone here.  Have you ever seen a dog actually excited to go to the vet?  That's how Molly was every time she had to come back here.  She got a lot of pets and loves. It was like she was a star. She loved every little moment. The staff here is very professional and they love all animals.  They are great on follow up care. Any time someone asks me about a vet, I refer them to McClintock.
5	We have had pets for almost fifty years.  We have never had  better experiences with any service provider than we have with McClintock Animal  Care. Every Veterinarian, tech and even receptionist have gone out of their way to care for our animals.  This is an unbelievable organization.  Yes,  this is as good as it gets. Five stars may not be enough.
5	I have been a client of McClintock Anima Care -- and Dr. Duplissis and Dr. Claus -- since I brought my puppy in at 4 months old back in 2009. How I have not yet written a review of this amazing practice escapes me...This is a truly wonderful veterinary practice. The building is beautiful and extremely clean. It is a warm and inviting place -- an atmosphere that is very difficult to attain in a medical and especially a veterinarian practice. ALL of the staff not only love animals but they love their owners too (at least to their faces). I have never received anything less than absolute perfect customer service in the 3+ years that I've been a client. One of the things I love most is that I can call if I have a question or a concern and I get an answer with honest feedback right away. Sometimes they suggest I bring my dog in, something they give me an at-home treatment plan. I never feel like McClintock Animal Care pushes me to get me in the door to spend money. They really just give their professional opinion. I have never felt like I was being "sold" on a procedure or process. They also always call and check-up on my dog after a visit. Amazing. I really feel like they care about your animals total well-being and are dedicated to providing the best service. I moved 35 minutes north of McClintock Animal Care back in 2010 and I still make the drive to bring my dog here. It's like a family that knows him. There are other vets that may be slightly cheaper but you'll definitely notice it in terms of customer service and the aesthetics of the practice. And McClintock Animal Care isn't pricey, it's still very competitive. Maybe you'll save $10-$20 going elsewhere but keep in mind the vet is often stressful and McClintock Animal Care  goes out of their way to make sure you-- and most importantly your pet -- are well-taken care of. I wish my doctor's office was this nice. One thing that is a bit of a drawback is their limited hours. A few times I have gone to a nearby practice when I could not get off work before 6:00PM. However, McClintock does do their best to accommodate you if you are in a pinch with a inflexible schedule. There have been plenty of times when they have fit me in last minute. Thank you so much McClintock Animal Care for taking care of my beloved only child -- my maltese Toby.
5	We have had pets for almost fifty years.  We have found the profession to be honorable and professional. However, we have never had better care or compassion from any Veterinarian (or "people" doctor) than we have from the entire staff at McClintock Animal Care.  We love Dr. Duplissis.  However, we don't hesitate to visit any of the Veterinarians.  Their competence is unnmatched.  We have always loved our animals as they are family to us.  This isn't just about confidence.It is about caring and love for what these ladies do.
5	I have been going to McClintock Animal Care Center for almost ten years and could not imagine going any where else.  The staff is always so friendly and their love of all animals shows through their words and actions.  My dogs don't mind their visits and that is very important to me.  All of the vets on staff are fantastic, but Dr. Duplissis is who we visit.  She has shown such compassion for me and my pups as we have had to make difficult, heart wrenching decisions over the years.  My pups and I will continue to support them as they have supported us.  I can't say enough good things about them and recommend them to anyone who asks me for a good vet.
5	I took my new pup for her microchip appointment and all the ladies were so sweet to my pup! She was at ease and I could tell she was relaxed. Might be back for checkups and make this my new veternarian. We shall see :)
5	Update: I have now been a client of McClintock Animal Care for 4 years and absolutely would not take my maltese Toby to any other veterinarian practice. I am honestly shocked at the review from "Kristin W" -- there is absolutely no way the McClintock Animal Care I know would be a part of such a horrific story. McClintock Animal Care treats Toby and myself with the utmost compassion and care. All of the veterinarians and staff truly love animals. Every time I bring Toby they get down on the floor to play or cuddle him. I have had two instances of Toby being in pain (due to a urinary infection) and Dr. Duplissis and the staff did everything to make Toby comfortable. They prescribed a pain medication and called to check on Toby frequently after we went home to see how he was doing. In addition, I want to mention that the staff here truly knows my dog. Dr. Duplissis is familiar with Toby's history and so each time we come in we can have a helpful conversation about Toby's health -- what is going great, possible things to watch for in the future, if any current ailments are related, etc. When I thought about getting another dog, Dr. Duplisses gave me a lot of information about the best way to add a new dog. The practice is spotless, welcoming, warm and efficient. Also, they really do cater to your needs. I thought I might need to travel last minute with my dog and McClintock was able to get me all the paperwork I needed -- and even thought to check with the state of California for additional paperwork -- in about an hour. They even called my new groomer to find out what paperwork was needed when I brought him in later that day. When my dog needed to go to the emergency vet, when I followed up with McClintock Animal Care they communicated with the emergency vet throughout the week to get the results of the labs that were due in later. Please take this as someone who truly believes in the uniqueness of McClintock Animal Care. I have been to a few other vets in the area and continue to take my Toby here -- even driving about an hour each way -- because I am confident no other practice can take care of Toby as well as McClintock Animal Care.
5	I am still going to McClintock Animal Care and seriously would not even consider taking my babies to any other place. We mostly see Dr. Duplissis but all the veterinarians there are very knowledgeable and caring.  The staff is wonderful. You can tell these people love animals. I have recommended them to friends looking for a good vet. I can't say enough good things about them.
5	I am continually amazed and impressed with the professionalism and compassion  shown by the veterinarians and staff at McClintock Animal Care. Our experiences over several years confirms that this may be one of the best operated service providers of any kind.  We love our pets and do not trust their well being to just anyone with a degree in veterinary medicine.  Our primary veterinarian is Dr. Marnie Duplissis.  We love her.  However, we trust and respect all of those who have contact with our pets.  They can treat our pets, anytime.
5	Update: Still amazing and still would trust each and every staff member with our pets. We love Dr. Wight and all of the amazing professionals at McClintock!
5	So I take my 3 cats to McClintock Animal Care Center, and this place really knows how to take care of their furry clients! Whenever I take them in, all the staff is willing to answer any questions or concerns I may have even if it's not about any issue my cat may have. The staff is awesome, and a friend works here too. That was a pleasant and unexpected surprise last visit! The only thing is that it is a little more expensive than some other facilities. I wish there was a way to get some more discounts for bringing in my 3 furry companions to make sure they are okay and normal checkups. Still, the facility is nice, everyone is nice and helpful. So even though they make me go broke, I can't imagine my kitties going anywhere else.
5	So I wanted to provide an update on this Vetinary Clinic. I already gave it a 5 stars, if I could give it 6 stars, I would. One of my kitties is very very sick and they worked with me to get her in ASAP. They have been doing all they can with me to try and get her better. Unfortunately if it's FIP, there isn't as much hope. :( But the staff has been phenomenal. Dr. Duplissis (I'm sorry Dr. D if I butchered this!) has been amazing at offering all my options, calling other specialists and doing everything she can to help. Also Jessica, who I believe is a Vet Tech for Dr. D, is absolutely amazing. I cannot say enough good things about her. Both of them have really shown a lot of support and care, as if it was their own little kitty. Dr. D even stated she was thinking about her and worried last night after work when I had to bring her in the next day. That kind of response blew me away and really shows her dedication to helping her clients. This kind of compassion is just hard to find anywhere. It has really really helped me personally, and I know that everytime I have brought her into the facility that she has been getting the best care possible, by people who really are concerned. Whoever Jessica's signifcant other is, and Dr. D's husband, are extremely fortunate to have such caring people in their lives! While I live in AZ, I honestly won't bring my kitties anywhere else. They Clinic had me won over before any of this happened. But now there's no question that I made the right choice in this Vet Clinic.
5	Everyone on staff is attentive and kind - to pet and guardian alike. Dr Duplissis is competent, direct and sympathetic. It's a drive for is, but worth it for the peace of mind.
5	Thursday, it was necessary to take our little girl to McClintock Animal Care.  We always try to have her seen by Dr. Duplissis. However, she was on a well deserved vacation.  Our little Punkin was seen and treated by Dr. Barber.. Friday morning, Dr Barber called to check on Punkin.  Later, I received an email from Dr. Duplissis, who was still on vacation.  She was aware of the visit and treatment and was checking, herself, to see if Punkin was ok.Where else would you receive that kind of care and compassion than McClintock Animal Care.  Amazing.
5	Amazing!!!!!! I've been to many vets over the years & the friendly, welcoming staff here blew me away.  I brought in my dog for a last minute emergency appointment and even though I had never been in before they took us right away & got my puppy fixed up.  My kids played with the toys in the waiting room while I met with the doctor & the front office staff was so sweet to my boys. Look no further this is the place to be!!! I'm switching my dogs from our current vet ASAP!!
1	I took two of my girls here (canines, both) and both had high ALt's (liver enzymes) but I didn't trust the other vet I was using.  Well, this place had me bringing one of my girls back EVERY day to retest her liver enzyme levels.  They claimed the levels just kept climbing and to prove it, they put the numbers in big, bold numbers.  Finally, after I got suspicious I took them to a pro.  Driving them all the way out to CA to see a vet who specializes in livers.  She said this was such a sham because the liver doesn't show changes daily.  you only test the values every few months or so.  This place was pushing for surgery.  What really keyed me in was when they took an x-ray of her liver.  They mentioned that her stomach looked full and they thought she might need an operation o her stomach too.  Imagine that.  My b/f who went to pre-med and could read x-rays said they took the x-ray of the WRONG side.  Her liver wasn't even on it.
5	I visited today to give my female dog her annual checkup and to get my newly adopted male a checkup as well. I really liked the vet, Dr. Dillisy? Dillsey? Sorry, I can't remember how to spell it! She was amazing with both dogs and I love how she answered all of my questions without making me feel rushed. You can tell she really loves animals. I also really liked that I wasn't pressured into buying extra products and/or services. The assisting nurses made up a list of what we needed to have done for the pups, and we decided together what was pertinent and doable today, and what I could do the next  few times. I really liked that because I had a budget for this specific visit. A lot of places push all these different products and services on you which can be stressful and highly annoying! Thank you for making this vet visit a good experience and for making me feel confident in my animals health!  xo Lady&Zeke
5	Love this place. They are all very friendly and knowledgeable. They greet me and my pet by name. They take the extra time to make sure my pet is healthy and that all my questions are answered.  Plus, they call the next day to check and see how my pet is doing.
5	McClintock Animal Care is amazing!! The staff is so welcoming and kind and they always say hello to my little kitty! They have separate waiting areas for dogs and cats which is nice because I don't want my cat to get stressed out because of the dogs. If you have a cat, I HIGHLY recommend you take your feline friend to see Dr. Wight. She is the cat expert and always does a great job handling my kitty and answering any questions I have. When my cat got sick last year, they were able to get us in for a same day appointment and I never feel like they try to up sell me on things I don't need. Overall, this is the best veterinarian I have ever taken one of my animals to and even though I live almost an hour away from their office now, I will continue to make the drive because I know my kitty will get the best care possible!
5	The people here are absolutely wonderful. When my Siamese had to have surgery they knew I was very worried. They sent me a text every hour to let me know how she was doing and even sent me pictures of her. They went out of their way to make sure both Wasabi and I were comfortable and then continued to check on us after we went home. They really showed they cared.
