4	Yay for afternoon tea! On a snow threatening and bitterly cold day, it was time to head to the Royal Overseas League, a private members club between Accessorise and  the Swarvovski shop on Princes Street.My friend had a voucher for afternoon tea for two to use. It was also able to cater for gluten free which meant I would be happy. On entering we were able to grab a window seat and we were fortunate as the room filled up rapidly. We were offered a choice of tea or coffee and there were a variety of teas on offer so just ask. We went for our respective teas, grabbed some photo's of the view (castle view if you are by the windown) and chatted till our goodies came.Our cake stand came - it was a lovely slate tiered stand, with two tiers of cakes (one gluten free including macaroon, brownie, flapjack and bibi's cup cake) and one normal (shortbread bites, scone with butter, jam and clotted cream, little choix pastry bites, fruit, fruit tart). Our sandwiches were positioned on opposite ends of the slate with normal including white and brown bread fingers of salmon and cream cheese, cheese with onion relish, ham and relish and the gluten free option on gf brown with the only difference being salmon and no cream cheese. I have to admit, it was a tasty treat. The sandwiches went down well - gf bread can be lousy but for sandwiches I found them lovely (and I'm still trying to guess what brand this is). We were able to get fresh pots of tea when requested and then after polishing off our sandwiches, we started on the cakes. I couldn't finish all the cakes despite a pretty decent attempt at trying. The macaroon was fab - lovely but sticky and chewy at the same time and the cupcake I recognised from Bibi's - I'm glad it was a vanilla sparkles cupcake day :-)We both thought this was lovely and if there was a voucher deal again - I'd definitely be buying if I fancied a weekend treat. Staff were lovely and friendly, but to be honest apart from requesting more tea, we were pefectly happy chatting and stuffing our faces.
4	This is a review of their accommodation. Staying here was outstanding in almost every possible way. The location is great; the views for most rooms are stunning; the staff are wonderful; the breakfast is excellent. While the property is clearly a bit old, it's been modernized in parts, and certainly in any way that matters. And there are little touches: for instance, I had to leave early on my last morning, well before breakfast opened, so the night-porter prepared a breakfast and left it outside my door at my wake-call time! It's positively old-world service. My only reason for not giving this a top score is that it can get muggy: there's no air-conditioning (not surprising for Edinburgh), but when it is hot or humid, it's hard to leave the window open because of the amount of outside noise (buses, trams, etc.). Adding fans to the rooms would make a big difference. Finally, the WiFi was serviceable (fine at some times, decidedly creaky at peak hours).
