2	The food is inexpensive at Dirty Harry's, but the place reeks of cigarette smoke.  There's nothing special about this bar, there are a lot of better choices right there at Station Square.
2	Dive.  This place is not that great.  I was quite surprised that is was in Station Square because it is not touristy at all.  In here people smoke and even though it was not crowded when we were there (a Sunday night) there was still a ton of cigarette smoke wafting around.The drinks and especially the food was really cheap and they have a decent jukebox.Would I ever go back?  Probably not unless I happen to bee meeting people there or something like that.  Much much better place to go in Pittsburgh than here.
1	Very sad.  We were travelling through Pittsburgh and staying down the street, so we decided we would give this place a go. We visted the bar around 9 pm on a Friday night, there were maybe 20 people there.  I have nothing against dive bars as sometimes they have the best drinks and friendliest staff, this is not one of those places.  The decor was sad.  Everything is worn and the walls feature a skyline of NYC with the trade towers (might be time for an update).  There were very few people at the bar, yet the bartender didn't even acknowledge us for a few minutes.  When she finally came to take our order, I asked what local beers they offered, her response was, no kidding "you mean like coors light and bud light"?  Sad that she was a bartender.  I knew enough about the town to ask if they had Iron City, which I ordered.  My wife just ordered a Sam Adams.  Another employee, who appeared to be the manager, witnessed our interaction, but said nothing.  We did not order any food.  The price point for food seemed reasonable, but based on the kitchen we saw, I'm assuming everything is pre-made and/or frozen.  We left after one beer.  This place needs to call Jon Taffer asap.
2	I only come here to play pool. $1.25 per game (quarters). If you want to eat, check out all of their neighbors. Definitely not a tourist spot.
