4	Located just off the square and open late, Barriques is a fine place for lingering over wine or coffee, getting some studying in, or chatting with a date.  Evenings, both floors are often packed--stake out a place to sit first before you order at the counter.  There's a selection of coffee, teas, and cold drinks, as well as salads, sandwiches, and pastries, not to mention beer and their wall of wine.  Staff can sometimes be more attentive to each other than to customers, but are friendly overall.
5	The only reason I'm giving Barriques 5 stars is that it will always have a special place in my heart, since I pretty much lived here during the last 4 months of my PhD dissertation writing.  And there was nothing better than writing straight for 7 hours, downing 5 cappuccino skim extra shot and soup for lunch, then rewarding yourself for doing such a good job with a glass of wine at 7pm.  Yes.  This was my pattern for the aforementioned time period.Also, coffee shops should realize that (besides having a liquor license) PEOPLE NEED OUTLETS for their laptops.  Barriques has listened to our plea, and not only has outlets every other table, but has extension chords with multiple outlets also, leaving everyone with extra choice of outlets.Comfy chairs, rustic tables, loft style open layout makes this place inviting.Of course, what sucks is that everyone knows about it, and if you go after 11am, the place is packed.  This of course, forced me to get up earlier and write more... So good for them!!
5	This establishment has it all, excellent coffee & tea and pretty decent service. (They sell Alterra products.  Try the mint green tea, I rarely get anything else... it's that good)  The lofty structure gets lots of lovely sunlight. What sets Barriques far and away from all of the other coffees shops in the area is that their sandwiches are AMAZING, and this is coming from someone who has distinct sandwich apathy.  Additionally, they have a variety of scrumptious cookies (check out the Cowboy cookie!), a fairly priced yogurt parfait, and tasty tasty scones.  Like Super M said, it's also serves alcohol so you can reward yourself with a decadent glass of wine for your hard work. (be it writing your thesis or finishing your sandwich all by yourself)The Wi-Fi is reliable but can be slow when the place is packed.  For those of you who are students and dwell in coffee shops with your lap top-- Barriques is no longer a secret and this place fills up quickly.  You may have a difficult time finding a place to sit. Come early, bring a power strip.
5	excellent atmosphere.love the comfy couches and chairs.during the summer, outdoor seating is available.many outlets for laptop charging.free wi-fi.average coffee.  not the best coffee connoisseur actually, but the mochas are good -- and the mocha shake when they have it.  the cheddar grilled cheese is to die for.  and the potato salad that comes on the side is delicious too; there are pieces of bacon in it!extensive collection of wines.love coming here and sharing a bottle of wine with a friend for conversation and catching up.sometimes it can get crowded and it's hard to find a seat.. but overall, a 5 star experience.
2	I went to Barriques for the first time today. I used to live here in Madison, and it opened right around the time I left. While I vaguely remember seeing it once or twice, I never went there until I came up to visit and the friend whose futon I crashed on raved about the sandwiches. I'm a total sammie nut, so of course we went. We got there around 1pm, so it was lunchtime but getting towards the end of it. It took us probably 20 minutes to get a table, which normally would speak to the popularity of a restaurant and I would not take off stars for that. Busy usually means good. This time, however, it spoke to the douchiness of the clientelle.After we'd been there about 5 minutes and decided to go somewhere else once another friend got there, we saw two people get up. It would be a tight fit, but we thought that if we were all willing to be cozy, we could fit 4 people around the table. When one of us went to claim it, though, two girls who had been sitting nearby said that they had already called it. They were going to push the two tables together, because they needed the space of 8 potential people for 2-3 people. There were a whole bunch of people sitting by themselves at tables that could easily fit 4 or more people, and we were forced to sit across the balcony from each other, which kind of defeated the point of going to eat together.This kind of sucks for me, as well as the many other people I saw come in and leave when they couldn't find a seat. If Barriques had a sign asking people to share tables, or not take up more room than they needed, I probably would have given them at least 4 stars, probably 5. But as it is, their silence on the matter seems almost like approval of the people sitting at a 4 person table just reading a book. It's rude and inconsiderate, plus if you're encouraged to share tables, you can totally make an awesome new friend. It works at a coffeeshop where I live down Chicago way.
4	i have a very lopsided relationship with barriquesi see barriques as the ideal cafe, if a little full of itself- berry berry smoothie- blueberry blue cheese salad- real ice coffeebut, alas, barriques has no eyes for me. and, in fact, resents my very existence. or at least the loud conference call part of it
5	Barrique's is like my second home! It has everything you need if you're a late night studier like myself. They have free wi-fi (although it can be slow when a bunch of people are using it), coffee, lattes, WINE, food, excellent scones and slices of pie. I would eat there more often but the food is a little pricey, although delicious. I think their yogurt parfaits are the perfect snack, and go great with a coffee. I've tried studying at several other coffee shops, but Barrique's wins the prize everytime.
5	1 star: great coffe/tea/AND wine 2 stars: cowboy cookie (DO IT, LOVE IT)3 stars: Wisconsin Dip (Grilled cheese made with aged cheddar on sourdough bread with soup and greens?? AMAZING)4 stars: adorable and friendly baristas5 stars: Incredible atmosphere, great seating and chill music, people of all shapes, sizes, and professions... definitely a great study escape from the typical library atmosphere that is UW Madison Barriques you will always be my go to spot!
2	I don't like the 5 dollar uncorking fee.  I really dislike it.  They also make you buy food too.   Even if you just bought something ten minutes ago, that doesn't count.  You need to buy something else.  On the same receipt.  No, you can't show them the old receipt, with the time stamp on it.  VERY IRRITATING   But apparently it doesn't hurt their business, as even on weekdays you see groups of students gathered around a bottle, so, what the heck.   I guess it seems cool to get a whole bottle of wine and drink it in a coffee shop.  (Residents of BYOB cities will find this whole drinking a bottle much less impressive.)  Otherwise, the typical coffee shop fare will leave you pretty unimpressed.  Sandwiches, cookies, scones, etc.  I dunno, I don't like paying 8 bucks for a tuna sandwich and chips.  But lots of people seem to love the food here, rave about it.  Ho hum.  I tend to this Barriques is about as chic and pretentious as Wisconsin gets.  Take from that what you will.  I'll take another sip of this wine.
5	Of all the coffee shops in Madison, this is probably my favorite one to do work at. On my spring break adventure to Madison, Barriques was a must-revisit. The clientele is a bit older than the other campus-area shops (which is kind of nice), largely due to its proximity to the capitol. In a pleasant way, its a little bit less of a scene. They play good music, the employees are friendly, there are outlets throughout for their free WIFI and if you don't have a computer, they've got a few that you can do internet searches and check your email from for free. In my world of coffee shops, they have the most ideal tables- Large enough to spread out your papers/laptop/food/coffee and still *be comfortable*. yayAny of you who need to get out of the house to get work done, Barriques is like a gourmet, un-sterile library. And I mean that in a good way...
4	Really, what's not to love about this place?  It encompasses my two biggest in one spot: Coffee and wine.  Wine AND coffee?  In the same place?  YES.A few of my girlfriends and I stopped in Barrique's before hitting the Farmer's Market at the capitol building Saturday morning.  It was freezing cold and on the verge of an early season snowstorm, so we were not only amped to fill our rumbling bellies, but we were craving some hot, yummy drinks to start the day.  Since you never know what you're going to get at the Farmer's Market, we decided Barrique's was the best bet for some tasty delights before perusing all the produce at the market.The coffee menu has all the right stuff like lattes and cappuccinos, but since I'm off the coffee for awhile, I decided on hot tea.  "I'll take a green tea, please," I tell the gal behind the counter.  "Which one would you like?" she says.  Umm... MORE than one green tea option?  Yay!  I settled on a lovely, fragrant orange blossom green tea that was so delicious I was actually a little sad when it was all in my belly.The eats aren't too shabby, either.  I ordered the granola and I was happy to see it was jam packed with a great variety of dried fruits.  Add some skim milk and I was full and content.  While I didn't indulge in the pastries, my friends assured me they are fabulous.  My girl Steph was eating this blueberry pastry thing that looked incredible.Oh, and did I mention this is ALSO a wine store?  They have a huge variety of wines (including organic options - hey, this IS Madison) so I can't imagine someone wouldn't find what they need.Keep up the good work, Madison and Barrique's.  You're tops!
4	Good coffee, good sandwiches, great location and environment.  What more to love?  Barriques downtown is one of the best coffee shops in Madison.
4	I live near this location and love being able to walk over at night for some wine. I think $15 to enjoy a bottle on the premises is a pretty good deal. I don't mind the corkage, since they are providing glasses and atmosphere. As far as selection, I'm a big fan of the Wall of 100.  It takes the guesswork our of finding a good cheap weeknight bottle of wine. If you're looking for a nicer bottle, you'll probably have better luck at their Wine Cave on Monroe Street. I've also tried some of the food, desserts and coffee and I was happy with all of them. My main complaint is that people go there to study, which is fine, but they take up a 4 person table for hours at a time. If you're standing there with the food you just ordered, that's pretty annoying. Other than that, I think Barriques is great.
5	Coming from fitchburg and comparing the two locations, I am pleased with BOTH. I am glad that each location has their own feel and they aren't quite the same nor are the too far apart. Great place to do some homework and hang out with friends, a little more college-student friendly this one. A little more going on rather than the more "elegant" atmosphere of the fitchburg location. Staff is a little nicer there as well.
5	Of all the coffee shops downtown Barriques is my favorite, and not just because it the closest one to my house.  I usually just get brewed coffee, but their lattes are good, and they have a big variety of teas.  Their sandwiches and salad are good too(a little pricey); I like the tuna sandwich, and the hummus sandwich.  Their cookies are really good too, especially the Cowboy cookie.  I also use Barriques as my wine shop.  I can always find something I like, and the staff are usually very helpful with suggestions.  My only complaint about Barriques is that it can be hard to find a seat during the day on the weekends and on some evenings.
5	I love this place.  The two levels, the tables of varying sizes and locations, and the broad menu for both food and drink combine for a very pleasant experience.  This is a great place to settle in for a long haul, either working alone or with colleagues...  and the students definitely benefit from us grading in a location that offers wine by both the glass and the bottle.I really like their miel, the latte with honey and cinnamon, and we've had a number of very nice wines there.  Their food is very good, but especially the breakfast menu--I find that lately I just get the huevos wrap every single time because it is SO GOOD, if somewhat messy.  (One of my proudest moments this semester was finally eating one without using upwards of five napkins during and after.)Finally, the internet is reliable and speedy, even when the place is relatively full.
5	Awesome place...a little pricey but it one of my favorite places to go!
4	It's almost useless for me to go to a coffee shop, let alone review one since I'm strictly a strong-black coffee kind of gal.  However, their iced coffees are amazing- not something I usually get, but refreshing and yummy, even if they have 8 zillion calories.  Caramel sea salt latte- get one!
4	I've only been here for morning coffee but simply walking into the place you're affronted by a huge wall of wine! The coffee is great, the baked goods are equally good and the atmosphere is nice and relaxed. Can't ask for anything better in the morning!
5	Great coffee shop...great by Madison standards and would be great in any city.  The reasons for loving this place?Outstanding tea (Loose rishi tea, properly brewed--epic win).  Free, reliable wi-fi.  Good baked goods.  I'm not a coffee drinker, so I haven't sampled this, but they also have Yerba Mate.  Great layout with two levels, and a diversity of workspaces, from tables of varying size to single seats for solo people working.  A bit of a dark atmosphere--dark floors and walls, but there are nice big windows overlooking the street.  Great both as a community space or a semi-private place to work.  Great location in the heart of the downtown near the capitol.  They also serve food.  And the people working here are friendly.You simply cannot go wrong with this place.  It's a great asset to an otherwise boring block of Madison's downtown.BTW, if you would like to review individual teas that Barriques sells, check out this site that I've created -- http://ratetea.net/brand/rishi/3/ -- it's an interactive site like Yelp, where you can review individual teas.  I'm pretty sure that all of the teas (and Yerba Mate) that Barriques sells are listed there too.  No coffee reviews, sorry!
5	I've been to a lot of coffee places around town, and I'm pretty sure that Barrique's is the best of them (at least the location on W. Washington). Everything I've had here - coffee, baked goods, sandwiches - has been really good. You can also get wine and beer here; in fact, the wine selection is extensive and one of their specialties. The place itself is palatial - two floors of seating, with a very cool layout - and I've never had a problem with the free WiFi. Staff is pretty friendly and helpful, as coffee-place staffs go. So, what more could you want?
2	Cute cafe, but they totally forgot about my sister and my drink!  They told us to not have outside food, yet we watched other people eat and they didn't say anything. Not sure if I'll return.
2	Sure I'm going to love this place if I'm a poor college student who needs a homey cozy study spot.  I can stake out a big table upstairs, spread out my books and laptop, plug in my headphones, and sip my one cup of coffee all afternoon.  What makes it really great is even when people come in to eat and circle around the tables looking for a place to sit, I don't have to leave!  Yeah, I know they're giving me dirty looks, but hey, the management doesn't care!  And I need these extra chairs to put my feet up and hold my books.  I don't get why that group of four people doesn't just split up and sit at counter seats by themselves.  That lady over there looks pretty happy drinking wine all by herself.  I heard a lady ask the girl at the counter if there was any protocol for getting access to a table and the girl just shrugged!  It was great - I've had this cup in front of me now for about five hours and there's a bunch of other kids up here doing the same thing.  There are eight people with plates of food wandering around looking for a spot to sit.  The staff here is so chill.  I LOVE it!
5	When a busy day of protesting for workers' rights has got you beat, Barriques is there, conveniently a block from the Capitol.  Despite the much larger crowds than normal, service was expedited quickly and efficiently.  The staff was friendly, and in the two times I ate here over the weekend, they only ran out of one food item the entire time.There are two levels of seating, which is more than ample for normal days, but even with the extra bodies, people were generous in sharing table space.The wait for food was short and it was what I like to refer to as TASTY ASS.  On my first visit I ordered a grilled cheese with tomato soup and was pleasantly surprised to find out I got a side of greens with that.  The toasted sandwich was on crusty bread, but still chewy and the tomato soup, classic.  I drank a Boylan's Birch Beer with this meal.  The second day I realized they had beer on tap, and so had a pint with a bowl of the chicken chili.  And another side of greens!  They don't have sour cream at this establishment, which, well, that's weird, but hey.  They did put onions and cheese on my chili and I didn't even have to wait for this dish.  It was handed to me almost immediately after I paid.  Again, this is during the afternoon of a protest featuring around 70K people.Barriques are PROFESSIONALS!i glanced over the rest of the menu items and found a delicious looking, solid breakfast sandwich that with bacon added extra was about $4, as well as wanting to try pretty much all the rest of the sandwiches they had.  They serve Alterra coffee and have free wifi.  Along with the comfortable plain wooden tables, this is a great place to tuck in for a night of studying as well as a lunch or dinner date.  Or just to grab your coffee and breakfast.  Or really anytime you have a sandwich craving.Barriques, we only chose you because of location, but you won our hearts and I will be a return customer.
5	Great coffee, decent food, free wi-fi with plenty of seating on two floors in an eclectic and unique setting just off the Capitol square. Very "Madison" (that's a good thing for you unfamiliar with Madtown). The upstairs balcony seating is the best, especially if you can score a table by the windows overlooking the streets below. Nice people watching spot. Oh, and they also serve and sell wine (by the glass or get a bottle to go). Makes knocking out that last work email of the day a little more challenging then usual at times...
5	If I wasn't leaving Madison, this review wouldn't be going up because I would want to keep this place a better secret. But because I am and I want this place to definitely be around when I come back, up it goes.When I think of Madison, I will forever associate it with Barrique's because it's just so perfectly representative of the city in coffee-house form. It's laid back, charming, relaxing and mellow. Plus, there's no music playing--which is fantastic for someone like me who prefers to study/work in silence.I'm not a coffee drinker, so hell if I know anything on that front. But the Italian sodas here are the best in Madison. Everyone else can sit down, Barrique's has got this one on lock. Do yourself a good deed and get the cherry flavored one; it's my favorite and while it's sweet, not overbearingly so. In addition, they also have wine and are willing to put some alcoholic beverages inside of your coffee or other ones. Boozy hot chocolate in the winter, anyone?For food, the pastries are wonderful. I am also in love with the Blueberry Jubilee salad; the mixed greens are fresh and firm, the blueberry vinaigrette isn't overwhelming--just the right amount to add some taste, the blue cheese adds a nice kick and the walnuts and apples are just the icing on the cake. The true mark of having good food is to not need to have anything to dip it in/add to it--and with the bread I got from here, it's definitely the case.I'm so disappointed I didn't find this until very recently, but when I come back to Madison, you know where you'll be able to find me.
4	This coffee shop offers the perfect perch for people watching with a balcony that rings the main level.  The cafe was bustling on a Saturday afternoon but I was able to snag a table without a problem and happily while away my time reading.  The atmosphere is relaxed  with lofty ceilings and lots of natural light and it's not too loud, making it a good place to read or catch up with a friend.  But don't worry, it's not one of those overly quiet cafes where you feel uncomfortable having a conversation because everyone is studying and giving you the stink eye. This is definitely a place I could hang out at for a while. Next time I'll just be sure to go back on a Sunday so I don't have to repeatedly interrupt my happy-cafe-reading time to keep running out to feed my meter!
5	Barriques is exactly what it should be: a great coffee shop with some nice food and snacks available. I enjoyed the "Wisconsin Dip" (grilled cheese) with tomato basil soup, that came with a side option (can't recall all the choices but I think it was pasta salad or greens). While I wouldn't exactly call the staff there terribly interested, helpful or friendly, they got the job done, and left me alone. It's a dim place (in a pleasant way) and other reviewers have noted the tendency for patrons to sprawl out with work, school work, laptops, etc. and camp for extended periods. It was perfect for coming in out of the rainy farmer's market and leisurely enjoying lunch and a latte, doing some people watching, and sending a few emails. Lovely spot, will definitely be back to enjoy this respite.
5	Great cup of coffee right on the Square. Wasn't too fussy or stuffy and it was reasonably priced for being a cafe in downtown.
4	Great local coffee shop!  I go here every time I am around.  It's a really cool setting, with shady outdoor seating.  The coffee is excellent!  Way better than Starbucks.  It's the kind of place you want to keep secret, but since I'm there only once a year, I can deal.  I highly recommend it.
4	I was a little disappointed in the veggie wrap.  The sauce was great and the avocados where ripe and delicious.  Unfortunately the veggies left a lot to be desired.  The carrots were dry and because there were grated, they just clumped up.  Maybe they should mix them with some dressing before they put them in.  The tomatoes were a little mealy and flavorless and the cucumbers were cut large and, because they still had their skin on, came out of the wrap with every bite.  That being said the staff was kind and efficient and really, really lovely.  The location was homey and feels comfortable and sweet.  The chai frappe was one of the most delicious things I have ever had in my life and I am now addicted to it and I will have to visit on a regular basis because I loved it so much.Overall, great job!
5	Loved this coffee shop and it doesn't hurt that they had a 50% off Yelp check-in special last week.  Woooohoooo!  Great tasting coffee and iced lattes.   Seemed to be a local crowd and had higher end decor for most coffee hangouts.  Would definitely be a daily stop for me if I lived in the area.
5	This place is rustically awesome.  It has class & character yet relaxed.  Its fits all crowds from upscale to college hipster.  The wi-fi is good and the second level allows for more privacy.  The staff is friendly, there's always people there but never crowded.  If i remember correctly they serve their tea in teapots, which is exceptional.Go to chill, converse or work!
5	Awesome coffee joint. As another Yelp reviewer already said, their grilled cheese is THE MOST! Super delicious. Also really good is the "sport" iced tea. I was happy about the variation in available seating. We were specifically looking for a spot with outdoor seating, but inside there is a long bar that looks out on the street, with many outlets for laptops and there is mezzanine level seating, as well. All around great atmosphere. Also, they offer the Yelp 50% off coupon for a coffee bev. Will be back to this spot.
4	Love the coffee and the food menu!!!  I love this place and the atmosphere!  My only complaint would be that the tables are ALWAYS full with people doing some type of work.  I just think there should be an area that is for short term customers!
4	The espresso was a little better when it was not roasted in house, but it is getting better.  The staff is personable and effective without being invasive. The wine selection is hit or miss with hidden gems lurking along the shelves. Hits: stamp card, Wisconsin dip and Hooks Melt.  Misses: most of the soups, uncovered baked goods and occasional slow service.  Hints: Call ahead during busy times to hasten service.  With handcrafted drinks/food there is only so much the overworked crew can do.
5	Barriques was my place to go and hang out with my friends when I lived on Wilson st. This cafe is beautiful and the food and coffee are all tasty. This place totally perfected the details that make a coffee place amazing. The decor is a beautiful iron-worked beautiful artwork. They also sell wine and cards so if you need stuff for a party, this is a great place to stop. Anyways, if you are looking for a spot to do some work or catch up with some good friends, this is the place to go.
1	I would expect at least a good tasted coffee from a place named "coffee trader" but their iced coffee drinks tasted yuk, not even meeting the average expectation. Mine was a sweet one (Iced Mocha) and I could manage to finish it. My wife's was not sweet (Iced Coffee) and she threw it away after sipping a couple of times. I am usually reluctant to throw food/drink away and so I tried to take over hers. But I agreed with her after sipping once. The coffee (probably only iced ones) had a strange disgusting smell and taste. I tried this place and Bradbury's Coffee on the same day. Bradbury's was way better. Not even comparable.Probably they focus more on selling wines?
4	At time of writing, current favorite coffee shop to work in Madison (clearly the working part is important to me).  I have no qualms with the coffee here, though I never get the drip - usually a latte or something of the sort. The food is alright but not out of this world (like JPH). I usually get the bikers dream wrap (bananas, peanut butter, jelly...) because although I kind of hate wraps it's what I like the most in the menu with the exception of the breakfast sandwich which is tiny and cheap.The best for me here is the bar that faces the outside of the shop. I find it really calming to work here and knowing that everyone can see my computer is an extra incentive to keep working :) The staff is always friendly and helpful. Also they have both yelp and belly rewards.Finally, they just made their bathroom private so that you have to ask for a key every time you want to use it. I never realized it was a problem.
4	I was just looking for my review of this Barriques to suggest it to someone in Madison and realized I hadn't written one... which is strange because I've been here a couple of times. And---let's be honest---I review EVERYTHING. Anyway, back to Barriques. That's what we're talking about today. You'll find Alterra Coffee that's roasted in Wisconsin and brewed up here in the proper way. This works for me. It really does. The outdoor sidewalk right off of Capital Square also works for me.The cafe fare and wine. Yep. Workin'.The cute artsy interior with two levels of seating and lots of free wifi for my laptop to soak up? It all works for me too.Also, if I remember correctly, Barriques had a Yelp check-in offer set up when I was there last... so watch for some little discounts there on your app!
4	Finally. A Barriques that barreaks the mold of Barriques in Madison. (You get all that?)It's clean. (Yay)There's usually parking right outside. (Yay)Plenty of space to work solo, or larger tables if you're there for chit chat. (Yay)Let's talk about how it's clean again. (Double yay)They offer 50% off an espresso drink when you check in on Yelp (cha-ching)Bright sunny atmosphere is awesome if you're working and need some vis stim. (Yay)It's clean, there's that. (See where I'm headed?)So far out of the ones that I have been to, this Barrriques tops them all. If you're feeling like a tea-se grab their iced Rooibos. Tasty in the mouth, antioxidant charged for your bod.
4	Great place to hang out or read a newspaper or book. It's clean. Table is wide. Noise level is average but acceptable.Good coffee selection. The internet is good but can be slow. I can often find parking in the evening but the ones right outside are not usually available. I need to walk a couple of blocks.
5	I have yet to find a cafe' americano that is comparable. I throughly enjoy the mini mediterranean experience due to the amazing nicoise olive tapenade with hummus. I like the fact that you can look at wines and coffee essentials while you wait for your food and drink.
5	Barriques has got to be one of my favorite cafes in Madison.  This location is a bit out of the way for me but, I do like it.he service has always been friendly, I love the interesting decor and two stories, and the location is hard to beat for people watching....
5	In a town full of coffee shops, this is my favorite place for a meet-up with a friend or for some writing time away from home. The coffee is fantastic, and I can even get a glass of wine if I'm in the mood. The sandwiches are great and the staff is friendly and attitude-free.
4	Check in here! You get 50 percent off a coffee drink. Yippee! This location is totally fab because it has a sweet second floor with even more seating.  You can guzzle your latte or sip your wine because yes, they serve wine by the glass, and you can even snag a bottle too.
5	I'm not a coffee shop kinda guy, and I don't think I ever will be.However, if I were, Barriques would be my go to place.The service here is extremely friendly and interesting to talk to. I love asking the baristas for their favorite drink, because they definitely know what's up.The decor is pretty nice, with a modern and classy(ish) vibe. Once in a while, I'll wear my scarf and some large rimmed glasses, and pretend to be a hipster. Oh, and their tea is wonderful. Aromatic, diverse and flavorful.
3	This is a very decent coffee shop. Certainly not the best cup of joe in town, but one of the better places around the capitol square.They switched from Alterra to roasting their own beans in house a year or so ago and are starting to hit their stride. It was very disappointing for the first few months but has gradually improved. There has also been a complete turnover of staff; this seems to have resulted in better brewed coffee -- now it always tastes fresh and like it has enough grounds -- but somewhat less impressive espresso drinks.They finally put in more power strips, so there are enough places to plug in laptops. It's an excellent place to chill out and work when it isn't packed with other people doing exactly that.They continue to have a good wine selection at some of the best prices in town. They have a handful of tap beers, also at very good prices.The food isn't great, but it's ok in a pinch or if you're sick of the other quick lunch spots around the square. Food preparation seems to have sped up considerably of late, which is a welcome change.
4	Awesome place to get some work done or meet a friend for coffee. I love alcoholic coffee beverage offerings and the avocado jack wrap, which is a breakfast item. No cause for alarm though, they serve breakfast all day.Although I've never bought any of their bottled wine, but they have quite a hefty offering. If you're that type of connoisseur, I would imagine you might find yourself entertained for a while.Definitely worth checking out on your next free Sunday afternoon.
3	Nice atmosphere and location, but fairly mediocre coffee.  Had a traditional cappuccino...meh.
4	The type of place you could get a cup of coffee and spend all day "Working"What with the generous outlets they placed around many of the bars and tables, why wouldn't you?  Your laptop could go all day while you "work" outside of the office.  And by work, I mean play WoW.Oh yeah, and the coffee.  Good stuff, indeed.  Very pleased with the medium roast and the cappuccinos.  Great atmosphere, great location, great coffee.  Love this place.
1	Dear Barriques,I recently moved into the neighborhood and was happy to find multiple coffee shops in the area.  The first time I stopped in, my drink was amazing, every time since has been nothing but utter disappointment.  I'm not sure if you have a new group of employee's or if quality control is not a large concern, however additional training is absolutely required as there seems to only be one gentleman who knows the proper way to create a latte.  1.  If I order a large latte you need to fill the cup.  I'm not paying $5+ for empty space.2.  I should not have to order my Latte with No Foam because the Barista does not comprehend the concept of texturizing milk versus blowing half of the atmosphere into it.  Again I am not paying $5+ for 2/3 of a cup of foam.  This is not a Cappuccino it's a Latte3.  The shot of espresso needs to be stabilized with a sugar, (either milk, soy, or flavored syrup) within 30 seconds of the shot being poured.  I know this review is a bit harsh, but once a week I treat myself to a Latte.  I know to most this doesn't seem like much, but for me that Latte is my luxury and I want to enjoy it.  I will not be returning to Barriques, as I said before there are multiple coffee shops on my walk to work and next week I'll be trying one of the other options I have.  The sad thing is I really would like to support the local businesses, but if I am not able to consistently get a great latte I may have to consider going to Starbucks.
2	I have spent a fair amount of time at the various Barriques locations studying. This location has the following virtues: conveniently located downtown, Good size tables for studying, built in water cooler so there is an endless supply of water to help yourself to (as opposed to a pitcher). However, this is my least favorite location because of the combination of no comfy leather chairs to snuggle down into, no fireplace and the staffing. There was trouble with their computer system and they couldn't accept credit cards. The people ahead of me had already ordered and their orders had been made, but they had no cash. The staff just gave the people a hard time about something that was caused by the coffee shop's system. No "its our fault, here have it on us"- just continually pushing the people about not having cash. This was followed by me attempting to pay in cash. The cashier couldn't figure out what to do, had to reboot the computer system, didn't put in my order and then rung up my order for a larger size than I ordered. No apologies for all of this and the extended wait.
3	Great vibe - friendly and comfortable place.  Coffee was a bit of a disappointment though.  No latte art and too much milk.  Definitely not a third wave experience, but drinkable.
4	A coffee shop that serves wine?!  This is pretty much what I've been waiting for all my life.  I do prefer the locations with fireplaces and comfy chairs, so I can't give this one 5 stars, but this is definitely my favorite coffee shop/study spot in the area.  The high ceiling, plants, and decor make the place feel really relaxing.  Noise level can get high, so bring headphones!
5	Barriques is the perfect place to cozy up with a cup of whatever you fancy (I'm a huge fan of their coffee) and let the time slip away! The tables make it an ideal study location, it's always clean, and the noise level is kept at a low roar...all qualities I look for in a coffee shop. The West Wash location is my personal favorite, maybe due to its easy downtown access. If you're tired of State Street's cafe offerings, I'd highly recommend a visit to Barriques! (The blueberry goat cheese salad is delicious, fyi...)
5	Consistently great coffee. That is what you need to know.Depending on location, quality food: breakfast, lunch and dinner: sandwiches, salads, paninis, scones, cookies, etc.  Wifi to stay all day, hang out, and atmosphere at all locations is always interesting.My favorite might still be on Hwy. PD.Staff is always polite.I will never turn down a chance to go to Barriques.
1	Great location, great decor. That's it. The food's fine, but the atmosphere is stuffy and full of pretentious people who take up a table for four when all they need is a table for one. That MacBook sure takes a lot of space. The prices are high, the service slow, and the staff are barely competent.
4	Great Bagels!
4	I used to come here with my study buddies to spend the whole day to read and write our papers. Graduates students ourselves, we loved this place to the point we were sad when they had to close (We surely hoped they'd open 24 hours, LOL). We just love the ambience and the atmosphere of this cozy place. I used to sit facing the window so I could enjoy people walking and the traffic. I appreciate their accommodating gestures by setting up some outlets near the tables. Very convenient. I couldn't remember what I had- most likely it was hardcore coffee, as I needed to stay awake for my readings and my writings. Now I no longer have my study time here. I occasionally visit the one on South Park but haven't had a chance to study at the one on Monroe. The memories of Barriques at W. Washington remain sweet and unforgettable. My two buddies are now on their field research out of countries. Hopefully, we can have our reunion sometime soon here.If not, I'll come and enjoy my cup of coffee while looking at people passing by. It's always a sweet feeling and a cup of coffee from Barriques just brings my imagination to a perfection.
5	Just visiting Madison, but god, I wish we had more coffee shops like this in San Diego.  A very chill, quiet, coffee shop with really good coffee, plenty of seating, wifi and ambience.  The kind of place where it's such a nice place to study or just sit and read a book that you go ahead and buy that dessert you had your eye on to help make sure it stays in business.
4	Love coming to Barriques. They have a wonderful wine selection and at the Barriques in Middleton they have the wall of 100.
5	Uh, yeah. If you don't love love love Barriques, you should probably find another city to live in because loving Barriques is what living in Madison is all about. Why?Because students. Your stack of books on Plato makes me feel great about being a yuppie who did once have but no longer has to have a stack of books about Plato.Because free internet and yummy lattes. Snowman shaped foam decorations.Because people watching - what leggings are in style? Oh galaxy? Okay.Because wine of the month club. Okay, I'll take a short walk to my wine of the month and take you home tonight.Because adorable baristas and baristos. Because proximity to concert on the square.Because reasons.Love it.
5	Excellent coffee, free wifi, great vibe, and friendly staff. Great bagels and the breakfast sandwich is delicious.
4	Pretty good cup of joe. Great service and staff.Menu looked appetizing as well. For me, the roast is mediocre, but the attention to detail is good. Nice place to sit and read or study.
3	Got their mexican hot chocolate and it was good! I wished it was little less spicy...they put a little too much cayenne pepper.
5	Love it!They try to make your coffee perfect every single time! When i am there i can not live without my mornincoffee!!People are superfriendly and price is good as well!
5	We were in town for 3 days.  We came here about 5 times.  Yes, it is that great.  I am so sad I didn't take more advantage of Barriques while living in Madison.  The staff is friendly and knowledgable about their offerings.  During the day, it is a great spot to grab a cup of coffee and relax.  At night, it is an awesome spot to grab a drink and kick back.  Wine is ever so reasonable priced (most around $4.50 per glass with a very generous pour!) and very decent quality.  For the non wine enthusiast, an ample beer selection awaits you, with good seasonal selections I might add. We only sampled the breakfast food, specifically the egg, cheese, and meat sandwich.  I went with sausage.  Husband went with bacon.  Both were delicious but the sausage is where it is at.  I can't wait to come back.  If you haven't been, go.  If you have, go again.  For me.
4	there's a few things that'll start to give u stars before i even walk in the door:1. windows, lots of windows, i love sunlight!2. on a corner - partly 'cause that means more windows and partly 'cause i have a thing for cornersand there's a few things that'll give u stars before i even try your food or drink:1. staff that don't look confused when i order a wet cappuccino2. staff that don't look annoyed when i say " i'm trying to decide between the chocolate cherry or the cranberry walnut biscotti" but rather enjoy the opportunity to suggest and connect and say something like "pssht, gotta go with chocolate, right?!"3. staff that then lightly engage in a free choice vs. destiny discussion when they accidentally plate up the cranberry walnut biscotti.                                 enlightening conversation. no extra charge.and then, the imbibing.....when i take the first sip and say "oooooo, God that's good" OUT LOUD and people look over their laptops at me before i can stop myself  - that's good coffee! when i take the first bite and realize it's a true biscotti, not just an elongated cookie masquerading as a biscotti....points!i'm docking them a star for taking away the alice in wonderland chairs.
3	Standard Madison Coffee Cafe
4	My favorite thing about Barriques...going out for "coffee" when I really mean wine. :) No seriously, my husband and I really like Barriques. Here is what we like: There is plenty of seating, indoor and out. The coffee is good. I haven't had a brewed coffee here yet, but all of the lattes and chai's have been good. There is a decent selection of wine. Parking is not too bad. The atmosphere is relaxing, indoors and out. My favorite is outdoors at dusk in the summer. The staff are helpful, I have taken to asking for their favorite wine or beer selections when there. If you are out downtown, stop in for a drink of your choice.
4	In terms of places to study, Barriques is just ok. There is an uneven distribution of outlets (a ton at the bar in front of the giant window downstairs, which is by the door and is super drafty and cold in the winter. Not a lot of outlets upstairs, which is where the four tops are.) Another annoying thing is you have to ask for the bathroom key from an employee. Not great if you have a small bladder.The baristas are nice though, and they are open til 11 (which is pretty good for a Madison coffee shop, for some reason all the other coffee shops that are not on State St. close ridiculously early). They have the standard tea and coffee options, and standard cafe offerings (sandwiches, soups and salads). I've been told their grilled cheese and soups are pretty good. I can only vouch for their tea and oatmeal raisin cookies though.
5	Love this place. Great place to go to get work done. This is a notch above a normal cafe, and the menu creations are so unique! My favorite is the coffee cocktails!!! :D
5	I think i've found my go-to place whenever I am in Madison. I love the all-day breakfasts.
4	Neat place; nice, interesting decor, well done coffee, although that's all I can judge the place on.
3	This place has potential. It could be better. Everything is reasonably priced. The food isn't over the top and the coffee is okay. I usually get tea because they have a nice selection.
5	Great recommendation from my hotel clerk... Cool coffee shop with an awesome breakfast wrap! One block from the capital, I will be back for sure!! Free WiFi and cheap coffee refills!
5	Love this Barriques. Coffee is good, and wine selection is stellar. I can't say enough about the versatility of this place. Great place to go for coffee or glass of wine, with friends or alone. Great patio too!
3	The food and drinks are decent. Have had a pretty broad spectrum of the menu and they do fairly well to sate your hunger. Like wraps over sandwiches but that's personal preference. The atmosphere sucks if you're not a student or a hipster holding an Apple product. The staff tend to act annoyed if you order plain coffee or something easy to make. It's a better place to hang if you have hours of work to do.
1	Coffee may be great but service and pricing is terrible.  I ordered a large (3 shot) americano in a small cup and they charged me for a small with two extra shots (almost a dollar more than the large). When I complained they said they charge based on the "cup" you actually get and that I had created a small "custom" coffee. I was told that if I wanted a 3 shot for the cheaper price that I could order the large and ask them to only fill up the cup with half the water. I informed the manager that the theory they were using was completely flawed from a common sense perspective....she responded with "sorry"WAKE UP AND FIX YOUR PRICING. I WILL NEVER BUY ANYTHING FROM YOU AGAIN UNTIL YOU DO.
4	Lots of unique gifts and everyday coffee/tea enthusiast accessories.  Sort of a new and old, dark design which fits the style nicely.  I was merely popping in for a quick coffee.  The coffee I got, but the quickness, not so much.  This, obviously, can be expected in busy coffee shops from time to time, so i'm cool with it.  The coffee was quite good, but i'd be remiss to pop in if there was a big line.
5	I had "Miel".It's a great coffee with cinnamon and honey, but it would be better if it more milky than this.Staffs are really helpful and cute.And this shop have so many various of coffee and wines.Great place to hang out and doing homework !
4	Not a coffee connoisseur, but I loved the Biker's Dream Wrap and enjoyed the great atmosphere.  I'll be back, as this proved to be a great (LOCAL!) place for informal small business meetings
4	Awesome breakfast sandwiches.  Great staff,  although some crew members could be a bit happier.
2	The food is good, but they're terribly slow. I just went there for a grilled cheese and a cup of tomato soup and I was there for over twenty minutes waiting for my sandwich. I'm pretty confident that I could've made the sandwich myself with a Bic lighter if they'd handed over the ingredients. And I wasn't the only one waiting. There was a woman behind me pushing 15 minutes for a cup of soup, another pushing 20 for a salad. The thing that really blows my mind about the wait times at Barriques is that they don't appear to be understaffed.What's up, guys? If you want the business that Bluephie's Diner's departure could yield, a grilled cheese is going to require less wait time than half of my lunch break, which is exactly what I wasted there today.
5	Extremely pleasant and helpful staff who really know their coffee. Each day there are two different coffees  (medium  and dark roasts) plus a decaf. They open early at 6am.
2	I really like Barriques as a business overall, but this isn't one of my favorite locations.  Being downtown, it's usually fairly busy, which makes it noisier than the other locations.  This wouldn't always be bad things, but the service slows down, the espresso pulls and tea turn out bitter due to distraction, and their frustration becomes palpable.Their wifi is free, but flaky, and while the have weekly wine/liquor tastings at all of their locations, these make the place even busier than usual, and more chaotic, as the tastings seem primarily self-led, though there's a staffer there to answer questions...if they happen to know the answers (some know a lot about the items in the tastings, others have only basic knowledge.)The seating can also get a bit interesting -- the layout is a bit awkward, and there aren't many tables larger than a 2-top. The few that there are are constantly filled by solo students with their stuff strewn about who couldn't be arsed to consider that their laptop and textbook could fit perfectly well on a 2-top if they sat their backpack on the floor, so if you're looking to get a drink with more than one other person, plan on getting it to go....or visiting one of their other locations instead.
3	I was here for one purpose, and one purpose only: to buy two flavors of their bulk coffee. Unfortunately, they didn't appear to have either flavor, so I journeyed west to a different Barriques location.Seems like a nice spot; was quiet on an early Sunday morning. I'd sip a cup o' Joe here some other time.
5	I've been coming to this barrique's at least once a week for the past year, and.can't remember a single bad experience. The coffee is consistantly excellent (the miel is amazing!), the food is so tasty (breakfast sandwich with bacon-quality ingrediants make a simple sandwich so fantastic, the soups are always worth trying, and all the wraps and sandwiches are super), plus the baristas are all friendly and competent. Love this place.
4	Neat little coffee shop by the Capitol. There's so much VARIETY and choice (that's what usually gets me). They have the usual coffee, then their interesting specialty drinks (Mexican mocha, German Chocolate Cake, etc). They have soups, salads, sandwiches. They even have alcoholic choices. They have upstairs and downstairs seating and an eclectic assortment of goodies- vintage looking gum, mugs, trinkets. The servers are really friendly. Overall, a cute little place (though they can definitely crank up the heat here in blizzardy Madison!).EDIT- they REALLY need to do something about their fruit flies. They wouldn't stop hovering around my food.
