4	Maybe the best pizza delivery place in the NDG/Westmount area. They have fancier pizzas but even their plain cheese is delicious.
3	Decided to pick up a pizza after reading good reviews. It's definitely a step above most pizza places, but having been to Italy recently it didn't wow me. I also found it a bit pricey at $20. I wouldn't want to eat in at this location, it's small and kind of dingy. Nothing fancy about it at all, except maybe the awning outside. All in all I'd order again when the mood strikes, but I'd rather just save my money and make it at home.
4	This review is for the branch in the Mile End, but since there's no entry I'll piggyback it onto the NDG one. Before the recent explosion of new restaurants in the Mile End, if you were really hungry and wanted some mass to force down your gaping maw you had precious few choices - Clarke sandwich shop, run to McDonald's on Parc and Mont Royal, or buy three cheesepies from Navarino and pound them into a multilayer pseudosandwich. Lunch hour was misery for the Ubisoft building, until B&M opened. All jokes about the name aside, the place was carefully crafted with a mission - large portions, reasonable prices, and variety. Everything on the menu is designed to satisfyingly stuff you - no ulterior motive. Just get in, eat, and get out.That being said, it's really nicely decorated inside as well. Everything is white and bright, and it looks very clean and trendy to boot. Service is excellent and prices are reasonable. By the looks of it, the formula is perfect because it's mobbed during lunch hour and on weekends for brunch, as well. And deservedly so. Great spot, try it out.
3	I'll also go for the Mile end branch.I would recommend this place for brunch only. It's more joyful and you'll notice by the line that it's more popular a Saturday morning! I was with a friend who had a one year old. Even though the place was packed, there was enough room for the baby. Not a big discovery but the food was ok. I had 2 eggs and didn't finish my plate. Yes, the portions are quite generous!  Hmmm..the service was very friendly. Maybe it was because of the little Chloe: she was so adorable :)
2	Horrible service so the food better be good. Well it isn't let me tell you. Maybe I would have enjoyed it more if I had actually got what I ordered. They mafia lady on the phone forced me to have something I did not order. When they sent me the wrong thing and I called them out for it  said something like I believe I wanted to have bacon on it and she said and I'm not even joking "no you don't" I was like I think I do and she said no you don't and I was like ooooook. The food is really mediocre. It's not disgusting but seeing how bad the service and how long they take to bring it, it really leaves a lot to be desired.
4	I lived in NDG for a couple years and loved B&M.  It's not exactly gourmet but some of the items on the menu really hit the spot like the pizzas, sandwiches, and pasta. Their fries&, however, always came either fresh and crispy or old and soggy.I was happy to find out that they still deliver to me even though I'd moved. Regardless, my partner tonight was seriously craving chocolate/any dessert and we hopped on Yelp to find a place this open since it was 10:30pm. That's when I remembered B&M and we jumped in the car and went. She got the chocolate cake and I got the caramel & carrot cheesecake (after battling between the strawberry cheesecake and carrot cake) and they were simply amazing.
3	Great pizza but pricey. Slow delivery. Cranky woman answers phone don't be surprised if she hangs up phone loudly in your ear. . Other food mediocre.
