5	My puppy Eli broke his leg, and after taking him to Banfield in Mesa (the vets inside Pet Smart) we were quoted at $2500-$3500 to fix his leg. I was super sick to my stomach. Banfield won't even fix broken legs, so they refered us to the VCA in Mesa. Banfield charged $400 for x-rays and a splint. Anyone who is an animal lover knows there is no price to put on a companion, but then again when you're in this economy, things are very tight. After posting a cry for help on Craigslist, I was referred to Dr. Barbara Capwell about 8 times. I called up, and the receptionist Gretchen was so helpful and compassionate. Dr. Capwell did the surgery for about 1/3 of the cost, and she specializes in orthopedic surgery. She was so helpful and explained EVERYTHING! The clinic is very down to earth, unlike Banfield, which the employees are "cold" and don't really show any compassion. They are paid on commission so all they care about is making a buck. I will be canceling my Banfield plan for all my pets and switch to Gentle Care. I couldn't be more please with a vet.
5	So glad I found this place right by my house. Dr Capwell is very nice and it's a small practice, which I like. She is very reasonable in the charges and doesn't suggesting things that are unnecessary. She shows a lot of genuine caring for the animals and we have switched over to using her for all of our pets.
5	When I first moved to the area, I chose this vet because I can walk here.  I didn't like the vet at the time, but since Dr. Capwell has taken over I'm much happier.  They are always very friendly and helpful, and I love that Dr. Capwell is willing to sit on the floor with the dogs - it makes them much more comfortable.I travel to the northeast frequently, and so I had some questions about Lyme Disease.  Since it's so rare around here, Dr. Capwell researched the vaccine options and really helped me out.  She definitely went the extra mile!
5	From the moment I stepped through the door it was obvious how much the employees care. The place is VERY clean too, they even perform minor surgeries here. If you live in this part of town you owe it to your best pal to try Barbara and her crew.
5	I took my dog here for another opinion on her torn acl. Everyone in the office was really helpful and nice from the moment we walked in. Dr Capwell was extremely honest with what was going on with her knee and that she wasn't comfortably performing surgery on her. I greatly appreciated her honesty, rather than taking my $ and it going wrong! She referred me to another vet that she felt could help us. It all ended up working out! She is a great vet-you don't find that honesty everywhere anymore!!
4	This place cost me half of what the other vet demanded for a heartworm refill check up for my two Chis, so I am a fan.  The medication package came with a rebate and they advised that it's easier if they fill and mail it out for me. Interesting?!  So, I was like, "Cool, just make sure you make a copy of the darn thing and put it in my babies' file." They were a bit surprised at my candor but heck I gotta be extra cautious cause everybody is trying to make an extra buck in these last days. I don't want to hear a month from now, "What rebate?" Um hmmm... Overall, it was a good visit even though my babies were scared the whole entire time.  But I'm gonna call tomorrow and ask it they filled and mailed out the rebate yet...AND make a copy of the form for me.  The proof is in the pudding, dahling!  I am no longer playing the role of "Booboo the fool."
5	I can't say enough good things about Dr. Capwell and her staff.  They are very friendly and compassionate. Dr. Capwell has a wealth of knowledge and doesn't blindly guess at what could be wrong with my pet like other vets have done in the past. She honestly treats the animals like they are her very own and often times says, "If it were my pet, here's what I would do."  She is human friendly as well as animal friendly.  :)
5	I got my $12 rebate, bebe!
4	When no one else wanted to put my Yorkie under anesthesia, Dr. Capwell was experienced enough to take the chance and performed the teeth cleaning under anesthesia.  My dog was fine afterwards and I trust the vet with both my dogs. It's also convenient. I love that they have Saturday hours, too!
5	Excellent place to take your animal.  Took my dog to get check out due to another clinic that would not give him his rabies shot. The clinic said his nose was inflamed and might have possible mites so no rabies for him. I waited over an hour 1/2 at the vaccines clinic south of the 202 and ALMASCHOOL. You think they would of prescreened him and told me he's a no go  instead of having me wait that long. So it's been a long day not to mention freaking me out because of this. I called over 10 clinics and went with this place due to awesome reviews. It's between petco and Frys.  Passed by it 1000's of times never checked it out and I'm so happy I went here today. Everyone here is very friendly and like family. My dog checked out ok after tests and multiple shots and some meds and ointment. He's allergic to new fabric softener  on his blanket.  When the appointment was over I talked to the lady at the counter and let her know how great their customer service was and how I will be coming back in the future.
5	This is by far the best veterinary office I've ever been to.  In the past, I always feel like other vet clinics are overpriced or trying to talk me into tests and lab work just to increase my bill.  Gentle Care is nothing like this, they are very reasonably priced and didn't suggest anything I felt wasn't necessary.  I recently adopted a 6 month old yorkie puppy from a local rescue.  One day she was completely fine, the next day I found her lethargic and unable to walk.  I called them and they accommodated an immediate visit.  Dr. Capwell was on vacation and Dr. Nimitz was covering.  She was very honest that it could be severe and she covered all bases as far as what medications would help.  She replaced fluids and gave me food that hopefully my puppy would eat.  For the next 4 days, my puppy didn't eat or drink anything.  I called them numerous times and each time they answered all of my questions nicely and had me come in one day for another fluid bolus.  Besides excellent medical care for my sick pup, they gave me complete peace of mind.  Every person in that office is friendly and caring.  I finally did meet Dr. Capwell on one of our visits after my puppy was doing better and she was wonderful too.  I honestly believe if I hadn't gotten such a great medical team for my puppy, she may not have survived this infection.  And the amount it cost me was 1/2 of what I was expecting, which is a bonus!
