4	I wish we had Pizza Express here in the US. Then I could have my beloved Siciliana with Italian artichoke heart, anchovies, prosciutto cotto ham, olives and garlic. And hubby could have a Sloppy Giuseppe (spicy peppers,beef and onion). Or we could buy them in Sainsburys! This branch is always fairly busy being so close to Princes' St but the service is usually good and the wait is worth it!
4	I am for sure a fan of this place. Don't be fooled by the name.  This is actually a very trendy place. The food is absolutely delicious! I recommend getting the Bosco Salad, Campo de'fiori Pizza, and Banoffee Pie. They're pretty darn good!This place gets quite busy at night. I would call them and make a reservation. Oh yeah, you should also tell them when you have to leave, just so the waiter is aware of your time constraints.The staff is friendly and attending.  -1 for making me wait 20 minutes for the food. Overall, I had a great experience here. Just a great place to enjoy some good Italian food and relax.
4	Great as a Sloppy Giuseppe is, it's telling that in the countless years I've enjoyed Pizza Express's products, it's almost always been takeaway or their supermarket versions I've went for.There's something about it that just doesn't feel right, and I think it's the name. "Pizza Express" just sounds like a grubby late-night takeaway, and thus is the only reason I can think of for not dining here.At risk of sounding stuck-up, it's not a conscious decision, rather Pizza Express just never really comes to mind when I want to eat out. I don't know why, as the food is actually pretty excellent.
4	Five stars for the OMG AMAZING superfood salad (super is right)!!!  I hope they never, ever take this off the menu...not even in a zillion years.  It's just so lovely and exactly what I have been missing at nearly every other restaurant in the UK.  People often ask me what I miss about home (US) and the only thing I say without hesitation is, "the entree salad."  Why is it so rare here to find a salad that is not only big enough to constitute an entire meal, but is also GOOD?  Well here at Pizza Express, of all places, I have finally found it.  This was my first time ever in a Pizza Express.  There's apparently one in George Square, but I've been spending all my culinary energy in that part of town at Pintos...not any more I won't!Three stars for the ho-hum service.  Nothing remarkably bad about the service, but certainly nothing stand-out amazing.  So four stars it is for Pizza Express - imagine my surprise!
4	Nice place with nice atmosphere but most importantly, nice service and food. It is situated in a very convenient location which is easy to get to.
