5	Was in the area and decided to try the place out. The owner, Naomi, owns "Magic Massage" a couple doors down and I usually stop in for a massage whenever I'm in the area. This place just opened a few days ago so I thought I'd check it out.Nice and clean inside, good looking interior. They do foot massage, facials and waxing here, but being a guy the last 2 really aren't my thing. I do love a good foot massage though. Naomi is running a grand opening special, a 1 hour foot massage for the price of the half hour ($20). For that price I couldn't go wrong. The great thing about a foot massage here is that it also includes a head, scalp, face and hand massage while your feet soak.I had a great foot massage, exactly what I expected since I've always had such good experiences at her massage business. The staff is friendly and my foot massage was excellent. I chatted with Naomi and she's working hard to get the word out about "Happy Feet" so I hope others will check it out as well.For me, one of the most important things I look for in a business is the effort they make to satisfy the customer. The reason I am a loyal customer is that these 2 places always make that effort.So, for me, I have to say "Highly Recommended".
3	Small neighborhood place. Ok, if anyone actually is available.
5	this place is awesome! took my grandma there for a birthday surprise and we were both in for a very special treat. they were really kind, gave a great full body massage (even though it advertises foot massage). we were very impressed and will definitely be returning soon!
4	I didn't know what to expect upon walking in. I felt like I was their first customer and the guy up front did not speak one word of English. I was just about to change my mind and turn around and leave. Then I thought I was going to go off of the reviews and go on an adventure. A woman came out who spoke English and I told her I wanted a foot and neck massage, she gave the order to the guy and the massage started. Once you get past the initial order taking the massage was awesome! I would definitely go back.
3	Location is decent. Building average. Interior dark.Atmosphere: none. Cleanlines: good. Massage table:good pleasant therapists who offer useful and pleasant massage.
