1	Tried LaVida because I received a gift certificate for Christmas. Was scheduled with Caitlin by the potty mouth receptionist. Expressed several areas of pain/tightness. She started late, worked some areas I hadn't requested and none of the ones I did. Headache came on later int he evening. Internet research indicates it was due to not working opposing muscle groups, i.e, bad/inexperienced massage therapist.Can't recommend.
4	A few months ago, I bought some discounted vouchers for La Vida Massage on one of those coupon sites. A few weeks ago, I went for my first massage at La Vida.  My therapist for this visit was Rachel S. and she was absolutely wonderful.  She was very professional and very skilled.  There are many different types of massage, and based on what I described that I was looking for, she was able to deliver exactly what I wanted. This was hands-down the best massage I have had in years.  I went back yesterday for another massage, and unfortuantely, Rachel was not available.  So, for this massage, my therapist was Takila.  She was also very professional and very skilled, but the massage was very different from Rachel's. The set-up of the facility is typical for this type of establishment.  Their waiting room is set up accross from the check-in desk which is ok for me.  I wasn't kept waiting on either occasion. The massage rooms are on the small side, but functional. Overall, I like this place better than some of the competitive massage places.I haven't signed up for a membership, so I really can't speak to how that works here.
5	I want to preface this review with the mention that my wife and I get massages regularly and consider ourselves to have very high standards for our massages. I have a stressful job and my wife has back and neck issues. We take this seriously! :) When we moved to Charlotte from Virginia, we moved away from one of the best massage therapists we've every known. We had big shoes to fill, and we were determined to find a solid replacement for her. After trying 8 massage therapists in the area, we finally found our way to this La Vida location, and we haven't gone anywhere else since. Our high standards were finally met. The management and staff at this location is personable and accommodating. They know us by name when we walk in, even after a couple of months of not going. This is always a plus. We've had a few different therapists, all attentive to our varying requests from appointment to appointment, and all clearly skilled. You don't get someone who goes through the motions, you get a thoughtful massage tailored to your requests. Also, I never leave feeling greasy like I do with less skilled therapists. The atmosphere couldn't be better. Nice dim lighting, tranquil appointments, comfortable beds and rooms, pleasant music playing that is not too 'new age-y'. Bed heaters are available, which my wife loves. We both always leave floating on cloud 9. Highly recommended.
5	I carry all of my stress in my shoulders and constantly suffer from back pain. Wearing high heels, carrying a 30 pound purse and sitting at a desk all day doesn't help either. On more than one occasion, a clinical specialist recommended that I get massages frequently for the sake of my health and sanity. Unfortunately, getting frequent massages has not been on my radar because I assumed all establishments charged resort level fees and the monthly membership places were scams, like the gym... once you sign up you can't get out. You know what happens when you assume... right? But more on that later.My appointment was at one o'clock but I recommended that you show up 10 minutes early to fill out paperwork. When I arrived I was greeted by sweet Christina at the front and was right away offered water or tea. I took her up on the offer to hydrate before my session. The paperwork is not as involved as it may sound. You fill in basic information and a brief health history, but nothing like you would at a doctor's office. Massage therapists are healers and they need to know certain things so they know how to help you but also how not to hurt you.I was whisked away promptly at one o'clock to the therapy area by my therapist, Sydney. She asked me what type of pressure I prefer and I let her know where my problem areas were (shoulders & wrist injury). She left the room so that I could get undressed and under the sheets. My biggest personal issue when getting a massage is that I can't stop thinking about stressful things and remembering to breathe. The bed was heated and felt heavenly and I quickly felt my body relax and my mind started to drift with the music playing in the room. Perfection. She worked my muscles like a true therapist, concentrating on my problem areas and paying special attention to my injured wrist. It felt like time slowed down... a feeling I don't get to enjoy often.I've had my share of massages in my life. They have ranged from horrible to absolutely amazing. Let me tell you, I was putty by the time Sydney was done with me. Walking and talking proved to be difficult. It was that good. But they weren't done with me yet! Next up was my one hour facial with Glen-with-one-N.This was my first facial ever and I had no clue what to expect. Once again there was a consultation prior to the service, this time about my skin type and what I do to it (SPF 15 daily and nothing else... I sleep with my makeup on, shame on me!). The combination of Swedish and European Russian blood has served me well so I have been pretty lucky when it comes to my skin. I do break out on occasion but thankfully most of my breakouts happened during my teen years. Once again I stripped to my skivvies, got on the heated bed, closed my eyes, and let Glen-with-one-N take care of me. Glen was very good about letting me know what he was doing to me but without talking too much that I couldn't relax (I have a horror story from the time I got an overpriced massage in Vegas...!).His hands were magic. MAGIC! The treatment was fantastic. He used a steamer on my face that smelled like the Amazon. I thought I was relaxed after my massage but this put me over the edge of relaxation. But the amazingness did not end there. While my mask was setting, Glen gave me a foot massage that topped the one I got in Beijing in 2008. Yes, I remember things like that.I was drunk on relaxation and didn't think I would be able to drive by the time my sessions were over. It also made me realize that I need to get a massage more often to wipe away the stress.Stress kills.Remember that massage membership assumption I mentioned earlier? It was wiped away, just like my stress. LaVida offers a no pressure, month-to-month membership that is transferable. This is music to my ears because I'm always skeptical of anything membership related. This means that if I skip a month, I can have two massages or facials in one month or I can let my wonderful husband go in my place. As a member, you can also purchase additional services at a discount each month.Some say a massage is a luxury that only a few can enjoy. I say that it is a necessity that is affordable and even covered by some insurance plans! Yeah, that's right, you can get all or part of your massage reimbursed but you'll have to check with your insurance company on the necessary steps to take. Don't we all want to be healthy and happy and stress free in the new year? Give them a try and let them melt away your stress and tell them Kseniya sent you!
1	I see that my previous comment was deleted?!The owner of La Vida is very rude!  The masseuse are great, but I would never return because of the way I was treated.  I am a lawyer and was lectured by the owner on signing a contract.  There are plenty of other massage parlors in town.  I will never return!
1	No one at this location has a clue how to provide customer service.  I made an appt for an 11 AM facial only to arrive to find the location closed (store hours that day were posted to be 9 to 9) After waiting for 15 min with two of LaVida's employees, some one came with a key to let us in.  It was downhill from there.  They could not find where I made an appt and a gentlemen that works there grilled me about whether I was even in the right location!  When I informed him I knew where I made the appt, he then wanted to know who I spoke with - REALLY?  The appt was pre-paid but alas, the person that I made the appt with wasn't even available that day.  I finally was comped a comparable service only after threatening to leave.  Avoid this place at all cost.  And just an FYI, while I waited 40 min to receive my service, I heard the receptionist take numerous calls fielding complaints from others about the service.
4	I have had a terrific experience at LaVida so far. I've been a member for about 3 months now and the rate is very reasonable. Plus you get a family member massage 1 a month for even less. My wife went last week and loved it. Sydney is excellent.
4	LOVED IT! I went to LaVida because I have muscle spasms in my shoulder and back, and also have plantar fasciitis. I had been to physical therapy for this problem and received some resolution from my muscle pain. My massage therapist took time to find out my concerns and suggested an appropriate massage based on my issues. She did an amazing job and was very knowledgeable. She talked when appropriate, but remained quiet when I needed to relax.  I feel that my pain is significantly better.I bought the 3 month package and am looking forward to going back again soon. The environment is lovely and I found that making appointments online was very convenient. The front desk staff was very accommodating.I only gave 4 stars because my massage therapist isn't available on the weekends.  There are other therapists available on the weekend, but I want to stick with the therapist that I have because she is so good!
5	My bi-weekly refuge.  My happy place.  My "me" time.  While LaVida is a franchise, there is always differences between locations.  For me, this location of LaVida has it all.  The staff is VERY friendly.  The therapists are VERY knowledgeable, VERY professional, VERY good.  The facilities are VERY clean and in a great location.  I've been a member for almost three years and have never had a bad experience.  I can't say that about other massage locations I have tried. You can't do any better then LaVida Promenade!
1	One of the most unprofessional establishments I've ever been to. Had to pay another $120 to my Chiro after paying for this massage it was so awful. Aside from feeling worse upon leaving the massage itself was uncomfortable, unprofessional and amateur. Asked to speak with a manager on my way out, there was none available. Called everyday for 7 days and was told no managed was there and found out the owner is also a therapist and therefore is obviously on site and able to receive messages. I make sure everyone I speak to knows not to go here. From the nasty girl at the front desk to the inexperienced massage therapist this staff is truly one of a kind. And they couldn't care less that they give less than horrible customer service. Sad.
