4	I couldn't wait for this location to open. I've been to a handful of other Pita Jungles and this new location has the same great food and service that keeps me coming back. Went for lunch today and had the hummus appetizer with the trio of hummus flavors and the glazed chicken lavosh pizza. Service was great, food was prompt, ambience was fun and all of the staff seemed generally upbeat and friendly. Thanks Pita Jungle!PS- They are behind Buffalo Wild Wings, kitty corner from Sauce at the west end of Norterra. Easiest way to get there is to drive behind the mall and avoid the traffic around the theater and Best Buy.
2	This place is close to our house and we love the food...BUT the service, the 6 out of 7 times we have eaten here, is beyond frusterating! I only give it 2 stars because of the POOR service. Maybe they just need to work out the kinks...but, when? Great food but go when you have all the time in the world! The service will KILL YOU!If you go to this location, ask for Colleen. She was wonderful.
5	I'm so ~ oh so glad to see Pita Jungle open at the Norterra shopping center at the I17 Hwy and Happy Valley!!!  This shopping center desperately needed another great place to dine and drink with friends and family!!  They have the same menu ~ serving fresh and great tasting ingredients with a Mediterranean flair.  This Pita Jungle is very new but they have seemed to work out most of the kinks that come with opening a new restaurant.  Their food is DELISH and they give fantastic service, despite what the angry Desiree says, lol! You can't go wrong in ordering their roasted pepper or the infamous  Cilantro Jalapeno Hummus.  Heck order the trio and try all three as an app!  I like their Mediterranean Chicken and their Carribean salads.  Both are very tasty and wont way you down afterwards for additional drinks or desert. Their pita's are also very good.  I prefer their  Mediterranean roasted Chicken shawarma ~ yum-fest! We also order some of their pizza's that are cooked in their wood fired oven.  Go for either their glazed Chicken Lavosh pizza or their roasted Garlic and Portobello pizza, both are full of flavor.The best thing about this Pita Jungle....well besides their~ -the most awesome location (you can do dinner and a movie at Norterra) -the young and uber friendly and accommodating staff -the fresh with healthy options and delicious food is their Happy Hours from 3pm to 6pm and then again at 9pm till close!!!  $2 beer and wine, $3 mix drinks and they offer a selection of $2 and $3 tapas apps!!!  I hope to see you there on my next visit!
3	Like Arlin, I'm super happy to see another great place open at Norterra.We went here with another couple and their children.Great menu...and it's really very well appointed.We had some slow service, but I'm attributing this to it being new.They really seem to be trying to get things right.Took a while for our drinks to be refreshed and to place our order-and the seating process seemed to take longer than necessary.I'm sure within a couple of months things will be running smoothly.We'll be back.
5	I am "upping" my review to 5 stars. Been there several times now and had consistent good food and service.
3	Dined here with my customers. It is an Arizona a chain and my felafel sandwich was good.  The felafel and veggies were great but the pita bread was a bit boring and I did not eat it.  My thighs say thank you.   I like the decor and recommend trying.  The sales and wraps looked marvelous. Recommend.
5	I loves me some pita jungle! This new location is fast and delicious just like their other ones. Consistently good food and service.
4	Glad to see this place open.   Beer and wine for $2.00, how can you go wrong.The service was good.  The waitress was on the spot.   I had the Philly Steak Pita.Taste was good.  Good size portions...   We will be back!!!
5	Great to have a Pita Jungle at Norterra.  I love their Happy Hour.  Never had anything that wasn't delicious.  Great vibe for families or a night with friends.
4	Glad to finally go to a PJ where all the girls are actually CLOTHED! I love me some PJ but always hate going in and having to be subjected to the waitresses in barely there clothing, the girls here are tastefully dressed. This is for sure the most upscale looking of all the PJ's. The food was all just as good as it is at the other locations. My only complaint is that I ordered the nachos and they gave me a HUGE portion of chips and almost no cheese or other toppings. Usually the nachos are smothered in toppings so this was disappointing. I will go back here againl
4	My favorite Pita Jungle and the least pretentious. Minus one star for food inconsistency, hopefully this issue gets ironed out with time.
4	LOVED, LOVED, LOVED this place for the food, but really do NOT like the squishy table seating.  Different, fresh, healthy dining food.  HUGE portions.  I've been 3 times and ordered the spicy chicken wrap, and the pesto turkey lavosh wrap, and a HUGE order of the jalapeno cilantro hummus TO-GO and ate it for the next 4 days at home and it stayed fresh and tasty.  The wraps are big enough to have a leftover lunch the next day (or share with someone).Dining alone not so great.  I was seated at a long table with strangers bumping my elbows.  It might be chic & trendy, but I prefer to have "personal space" when I'm dining.  I would not even like this seating if I were dining with friends.  I ended up walking out, and asked for my order To Go.  Not the fault of the waitress - she was still wonderful.  For the reason of the bad seating, I knocked off one star - I would knock off two, but the food is really great.The staff was fast & friendly, optional outdoor seating available (nice for AZ winter).
4	I love Pita Jungle and I am so happy there is one near me. It is pretty packed most nights and especially weekends. It is a great place for a fresh dinner that's not fried in grease!The service is sometimes great, sometimes average. Last time our waitress showed us the wine specials, then suggested one of the only wines that wasn't on special. We didn't notice until we got our bill, it wasn't a huge price difference but felt kind of shady of her to not mention it.
4	Excellent fresh salads and pitas.  Be warned - the portions are big, if you think about getting a side and are not ravenously hungry don't!
5	Great food with healthy choices with sincere service. This is one of our favorite lunch and dinner places.
2	Living in Scottsdale for years, I was used to Pita Jungle being a 'casual, run in and grab a veggie pita' type of place so I wasn't prepared for this one to be a bit more upscale. Went on a weekday, was packed. Sat at bar and ordered lunch as I was dying for a falafel wrap. WORST falafel I have ever had. It came out half burnt, dry and so bad, I didn't even eat half of the wrap. I was nice about it and they ended up comping my meal. It takes a lot for me to complain, but it was THAT bad. I wonder if they should have stuck with the causal fare, but either way, I will always like the concept and the menu, just stick to quality. It felt forced and like the kitchen was just throwing out food for the sake of.
4	I am so happy Pita Jungle opened in Norterra Shops!  The menu is the same at this location as the rest.  I LOVE the decor at this location.  The art is great and there is a nice area to eat outside.  The service is usually good and the food is always fresh.  I come here for Happy Hour with my teacher friends after work.  The specials on small plates and drinks are perfect!  We usually get the hummus, shrimp, garlic chicken, and possibly the scallops.  I love everything, but the scallops.  They seem to have a weird taste to them.  I recommend Pita Jungle  for anyone who wants to have fresh healthy food.  :-)
4	Last night was my 2nd visit back to this place and I left oh-so-happy about it! I often got this confused with Pita Pit, but the two restaurants are very different. This one you sit down and are served. Both times I went on a Friday night after a movie and it was a little crowded. There may be waiting if there are more than 2 of you, but it's not a long wait if you do. The first time our waitress was good. Last night, the waiter was okay. I'm too busy eating and enjoying the food to really let that part bother me too much. Around 6-7pm last night, it was nice to sit outside on the patio since the sun had already gone down, but if you go earlier, there is shading over the patio.The cilantro jalepeno hummus is "Ah-mazing!" Don't worry about it being too spicy, because it's just the right amount of spice that balances the cilantro flavor. The pesto pizza is delicious! We added chicken though which made it more filling! As other reviewers had said, it feels like everything is so fresh and you don't feel overwhelmed with gluttony once you are done. With the exception of the falafel, not many things are deep fried. Most foods here are grilled or baked. All of the meats and some veggies are marinated, so everything you order is full of flavor.
4	My husband and I go to Pita Jungle regularly for Happy Hour.  We enjoy sitting on the patio and relaxing.  The hummus is yummy and we can get a couple HH apps and drinks for less than $20 when we leave. The service is always good and the food is consistent between locations.
5	We eat here often and love it every time.  The food is delicious, affordable and healthy, however, the menu is extensive enough to please anyone.  The service is welcoming, friendly and very accommodating.  Any special request is met with a smile and an eagerness to please.  If you ask for Bai, (Bailey), you are sure to have a totally delightful experience.
2	I've always loved eating at Pita Jungle on Scottsdale and Shea.  As some other reviewers have already noted, this particular location doesn't have the same feel to it because of its "Trying-too-hard-to-be-modern" atmosphere.  I was shocked on how loud the hyper-paced music was, and how non-intimate the seating felt.  Since I like the food so much, I'll continue to patronize the Scottsdale location...even though I live so close to this Happy Valley one.  Also, the staff seemed far less "mature" with their mannerism.  Even the older waitresses dressed and talked like they were still in High school...very gross.
2	I stopped in for a bowl of soup and a beer. From the start, I knew I wouldn't like this place...they layout is neat, it's clean, but it is loud and the staff are bordering on terrible. The hostess seemed irritated when I just wanted to walk myself to the bar. The bartender took my order of a beer, but also seemed irritated when I just wanted a cup of soup and no real meal.The soup came out a few minutes later with some attitude. The soup itself, coconut curry, wasn't very good, yet was seemingly quite overpriced for the size and quality.From the staff and fellow customers, I feel like this place succeeds on its "cool factor". That is, it can convince people it's cool and charge subsequent prices with mediocre food as a result. However....I do highly recommend this place if you're looking for a quality douchebag in your life. Staff and customer base seem full of them!
5	I ordered the Mahi Mahi and we had a mozzarella salad to share.  My dining partner had Salmon.  the salmon was over cooked after a careful conversation about how it should be cooked.  So, why 5 stars?  The manager was genuinely upset about this, paid for my partners meal, AND assured us there would be training on how to cook salmon properly.  I have to say I was impressed-and believed her.  This place has character, food is good (not wow but good) and service was good.  Don't get it confused though with Pita Pit which is literally 2-3 stores down you'll have a very different experience.
5	My husband and I have been to a couple of the Pita Jungles and we love it! Healthy menu especially right after a good workout! The ambience at this location is very cool. The employees were friendly and fun! I like to get the sampler platter so I can have a taste of everything! We like to go on Saturday afternoons and catch whatever game is playing on the tube. I could see how they would get crowded and loud at night! First visit, go early so you can get educated on the menu and take in the atmosphere!
5	All I can say is YUMMY!!! The food, service, and atmosphere is amazing.  I could eat there everyday.  I have been to a lot of Pita Jungles, but this one is the best!
3	We went early because we had my 12yr old, two six year old girls and a baby, plus my spouse - were celebrating anniversary. Ordered 10 of the Tapas items which are $2 to $3 each. Hummus, garlic dip, scallops were the best. Mussels were obviously low-grade frozen (two for $2), shrimp was just okay, felafel was okay. Kids meals were healthy - not the standard chicken fingers and fries. Kids need to be ready for veggies, cous cous and my kids had veggie burger patties which they liked. In fact, all three kids said they really liked the place and want to go back.Now the main meals good to bad: my son's philly cheesesteak on flatbread was terriffic, my wife's fish was badly overcooked & had to be replaced, and my Gyro was surprisingly bland & luke warm. I ordered Gyro to see how well they do a standard Med style dish, like ordering spaghetti & meatballs at an Italian place. I was really surprised how mediocre it was. I wanted something hot, fresh and with terrific gyro sauce. This isn't going to be your NYC street-corner delicious Gyro that's for sure. This experience would've been worse but service was excellent. Our young server didn't get flustered with a whole gaggle of kids to deal with, in fact there were at least three other families there. The manager came over to personally deal with my wife's poor fish dish and replaced it promptly. Overall I would give it another shot  but I'm not expecting the most fabulous food from this place. Maybe the kitchen was just having an off night, but since the family was treated right I'm pretty happy.
4	This is the third Pita Jungle in the Phoenix/Scottsdale area I have been to.  It is quite new and everything was clean and bright.  We went last night, a Friday night, at around 6:30 pm.  There was a short wait for the two of us, but probably only 5 minutes.  There were loads of families with children there, which I do like to see.  The atmosphere was rather loud, but it suits the time of day.  I've also been here in the afternoon and it was quieter.I really enjoy Pita Jungle's food.  Although I didn't have the hummus this go round, I like it.  Last night I tried two specials, the coconut curry soup and a couscous salad.  As to the gentleman who ordered a beer and the soup and didn't like it, I think that might be because the soup has a delicate flavor and beer would likely make it impossible to taste.  It reminded me of a lovely corn chowder made in a vegetable broth base with curry and light coconut flavor.  The chunks in the soup included garbanzo beans and red pepper.  I thought it was delicious.The salads here are always large.  Unless you have an enormous appetite, expect to leave some on the plate.  The couscous salad was made with spinach, parsley, red pepper, tomatoes, pineapple and many other things I've probably forgotten.  I found the pineapple a bit overwhelming in the salad.  I wanted more parsley because it goes so well with this salad.My husband ordered the gyro and ate it all, I didn't hear any complaints.The hostess was friendly and our waitress did a good job.  In the span of our meal (I think we were in and out of there in 30 minutes) she refilled the water glasses three times, checked on the bowl of soup that didn't come out with the rest of the order and brought us our check.  Everyone working there was dressed in a trendy style, but I think it adds to the atmosphere.We will definitely eat here again - probably with our kids next time.
5	We are big fans of Pita Jungle but this one is by FAR our favorite.  The staff here is wonderful, they are all so attentive and personable.  Our 4 year old picks P.J, every weekend when it is time to decide where to eat.  I love that their kids menu has such great options for her.  My husband and I always have a hard time deciding what to get because the menu is just fantastic.  We love going during Happy Hour and taking advantage of the smaller plates.  We just discussed after our last visit how impressed we were that we each had a meal, a kids meal, an appetizer, a soft drink and a happy hour drink and with tip our bill was right under $30.
5	I love this place! Healthy food, nice/happy/friendly staff, great bar, and the food always comes out super fast. Great atmosphere. Love the ever changing artwork. New favorite hangout!
4	This place has the healthiest kids meals around and my kiddos enjoy eating it despite its healthiness. As for my husband and I, we love the humus & chicken and cheese & fruit fantasia. We also enjoy the atmosphere. It's fun to see the artwork of different featured artist displayed there. And for whatever reason we like the way the servers are allowed to wear their own style of clothing. I guess it makes it feel like a creative and yummy place to eat.
3	The service was ok.  The servers bumped into us several times because the tables were so close together.  We had 1 person take our order, another bring our drinks and a third bring our meals.  The portions were small for the price.  I was disappointed in my chicken wrap.  It did have big chunks of grilled chicken but had no sauce or flavor.  The wrap/bread was too big and it came with no sides.  My husband and mother in law both had fish over some sort of hummus.  The fish was good but the hummus was lacking flavor.  And again, the only side these came with were about 6 pita chips.  For the price, head across the stree to The Greek Pita.
2	This Pita Jungle had some blemishes... the pita bread was hard and my garlic potatos were different than other locations.
5	I've stopped by this location a couple times over the past month and both times have received good service.  The inside is new and clean, the wait staff had no problem splitting the checks for our group.  I'm on a no carb/no potato kick and the wood fired chicken has been my go to on both occasions (roasted veggies substituted for the mashed potato), the portion was very generous for only $9.99!  I probably could have taken half of it home for another meal but it tasted so good I polished it off with no regrets.
5	Oh, man, this place definitely surprised me. I went in as a blank slate,  imagining it to be something like Jamba Juice. No such thing though. This place is a legit, solid restaurant. Light, unassuming, flexible, and subtle is how I'd describe it. The food, service, and interior, and overall experience were all top notch and I can't imagine how they could be improved. Not too hard on the ol' wallet either. All of which adds up to 5 stars in my book. Their desserts looked stupendous and reasonably priced too. If, by some act of God, I ever get a date whenever then I would definitely take them here because in addition to everything else I've already said about it, they strike the balance between trendy, classy, and casual so well. And that's the thing I mean when I say flexible; you see families, dates, bar flies, even a kid's birthday and none of it looked out of place or imbalanced the setting in the slightest. Well done, Pita Jungle!
4	I love Pita Jungle always fresh and delicious.
4	We moved down here from Flagstaff, so the first time I had Pita Jungle was up north. It was great food, but piss poor service up there. Occasionally we'd get sat and then the server or whoever would never show up... ever.When we got down here we found out there was a Pita Jungle down the street and we were a little apprehensive to go there due to a few bad experiences at another location. When we finally went, we had great service, and have returned quite a few times since.We try not to come here too often for fear of it getting old. The food is not always great, but still eatable. When it's not great, it's just a little bland (only thing keeping it from being a 5 star). The Chicken Curry Salad is hands down my favorite dish. I'm usually shocked by the portion sizes. I don't think I've ever had a small portion here. The Chicken Curry Salad and the Medchilada are HUGE. And that's not a complaint. They also have, hands down, the BEST hummus.Every server we've had here has been on point and speedy. I read a couple of other reviews about this location and I have retort: I don't care what my server is doing elsewhere in the restaurant as long as I get good service. If he/she is serving a table clear on the other side of the restaurant and my service doesn't suffer then I'm a happy camper.Part of the other reasons we keep returning to this location are the prices. Good size portion dishes are right at $10. Other places with similar dishes would be in the realm of $19-$23.
2	Meh. Not a fan.Sister and I came here after a day of shopping at Norterra. We were famished and super excited for some pita delicious-ness. The restaurant was packed, people were waiting in random spaces so it was hard to tell who had already put their name down or now. We ended up going to the bar.Our server was super nice and knew a lot about the menu, which was good. The one thing I noticed right away, was that the servers, or employees seemed to all be half dressed. I don't have kids, but there were kids there, and it seems like this is a family enough style restaurant so that was unprofessional to me. When our food came, I had been so excited to try the falafel pita but when I saw it, I wanted to cry and my stomach started to riot. The falafel was burned and bone dry. Made me thirsty just looking at it. and holy onions. There were so many onions, no sauce. just ick. We didn't stay long after that. Most likely won't go back.
4	Why have I not tried this place before?After a movie, while roaming around the outdoor shops, the familiar voices/sounds of "I'm Hungry" starts to be heard from the family.... they always set me up so well.The portion sizes are huge! Like BIG! Easily shared between 2 people for one order. The 4 of us shared a "Yellowfin Tuna Honey Sesame Salad" and a "Chicken Del Sol". The tuna was seared to perfection and not overcooked, and the chicken was moist and tender... both dishes satisfied the entire bunch!It was busy, and service was a little slow. But, nothing that could not be dealt with. And, when the server did come around, he made sure we were well taken care of before moving on.At around $11/plate, and only having to order 2, this is a great place to bring the family if on a budget and looking for good quality food!Lastly - the bathrooms were clean and well kept. I was a little surprised considering how busy they were. And, with little girls, clean bathrooms are a huge plus in my book!
2	I decided to try this place while visiting my brother in Phx. The restaurant was nearly empty, yet the service seemed to lack. I yearned for another napkin but never got one. Food wasn't bad (Greek salad and chicken cilantro/jalapeno hummus), but what bothered me the most was the bartender.He was a big-mouthed young dude who kept disparaging the customers calling in to place order or pre-order for eating at the restaurant. I could heard him bitch and moan about the "late" order, yet the restaurant wasn't even close to closing. I kept wondering how much he values his job. He seemed more interested in impressing one of the very young waitresses (dressed like a whore I might add). Where was the manager? Please get some "adults" to run this place and teach the youngsters to value having a job, and how professional conduct should rein at all times.Jeez!
3	Being of Middle Eastern descent, I am fairly particular about my Middle Eastern cuisine.  Pita Jungle does an okay job.  Decent happy hour food, dolmades, falafel, hummus, $3 margaritas.  However, our server was not OK.  When asked if the chardonnay was oakey, buttery, crisp, his response was a shrug and said it was from California.  A good waiter would have admitted his ignorance but then gone to ask someone.  So for now, I'll stick with an "A-OK" response,
2	I am a HUGE fan of Pita Jungle. The last experience was a disappointment and was the first time my husband had been there. The staff (both coming on and leaving) were hanging around eating and drinking with aprons on. The food was just so-so. I usually LOVE their pita bread but the stuff we got seemed like it was just some dried up store bought stuff. We just stopped in for tapas and a drink and I doubt we will return to this location for a full meal any time soon. :(
4	Friend and I lunched here yesterday.Another good experience at Pita Jungle. For me, I really like the menu with food and profiles that are far away from fried food and burgers. The Shrimp appetizer with cilantro, tomato, and pita bread w/pesto was very good and big enough in portion to work as my meal. Yum!
4	Like the atmosphere here. The food is great, especially if you want good food, great taste, and watching what you eat. I rather enjoyed the vegetarian dishes and especially enjoy the hummus. Try the trio hummus plate. Yummy!
4	Can we call it 4.5? Close to home and work, I LOVE Pita Jungle! No matter what you order (newbie or Mediterranean pro)--it's affordable, plentiful and delicious! I've been for lunch, HH and dinner and I've never been disappointed. Though I'm an omnivore, the vegetarian antipasto appetizer sampler is my fav and I could eat off this for multiple sittings (if you are there for HH and are going to order vegetarian tapas...you may actually SAVE money by just ordering the sampler app at  about $11).Lastly, I usually find any main chicken course to be dull and am always skeptical. But the Wood-Fired Chicken is truly delish and I *may* possibly salivate at night for it...
5	This place was awesome. Great food great service. I was really impressed. We will be back.
3	Hmm I swear I wrote a review for this place? Sigh.. well let's just say Pita Jungle can be a hit or miss from time to time. Sometimes the food taste great and sometimes I feel like they didn't put seasonings on anything. The portions are huge which is always a plus as I usually end up taking most of my meal home for seconds or thirds, but this particular go around, although I took my leftovers home, I ended up tossing them as the salad I had was just blah. Never fret as I will be back yet again as like I said, it can be hit or miss. But at least the service is always good!
2	After picking up a little wine at Bevmo I thought I would treat myself to a little take out from Pita Jungle.  I usually pick up togo from their Arcadia location and have never been let down, I have also had 1 good togo experience from this Norterra location.   Today, not so great.  I went to the bar to order and had to wait as the bartender was busy flirting with some gal at the bar.  I ordered my regular favorite item, Lentil Fatoush salad.   My food was brought out quickly and set in the bar area, the bartender watched him put the bag down but kept up with a conversation with a co-worker.  I finally got up went to get my food myself, so rudely interrupting their conversation, to make sure it was my order.  I guess I have that entitled attitude as a paying and tipping customer.  I was still excited about eating my favorite salad, only to get home and find out they made me a Rice Fatoush salad.  Usually it is mostly lentils with some rice, this time is was 90% rice with a few lentils mixed in with way more garlic than needed.  Sad face for me.
4	My wife and I tried Pita Jungle for the first time last night.  The service was fast and very friendly.  The greeters and serving staff were all friendly and accommodating.  It was fairly crowded for a chilly Wednesday night, so we were expecting some good food.We ordered a hummus starter, with two pitas.  I had Schawarma, and my wife had a Gyro.  The pitas served with the hummus were warm and delicious.  But, the hummus was just plain bland.  I would also call it over pureed, but that wouldn't have mattered if it had been more tasty.  I love hummus, can could eat it with a spoon, but this hummus just didn't grab either of us.My Schwarama was tasty enough, but nothing to go out of my way for.  My wife and I were both surprised by her Gyro.  The meat was actually salty, and didn't taste like any Gyro meat I've ever had.  The Gyro itself was okay tasting, but it was the least tasty Gyro either of us have ever had.It was a pleasant evening, but the food just doesn't rate a return visit.  There are too many places near Norterra to get better food.  Of course, most of them don't serve alcohol, so if you want a brew with your meal, you may be more limited.  We were really surprised by all the great reviews, since that definitely was not our experience.Updated November 13, 2013After my first visit, I wrote the review, above, and left a two star rating.  Despite the excellent, friendly service, my wife and I had no intention of returning due to the lackluster food.  After writing the review, I was contacted by Pita Jungle management and asked to try them again.  So, we did.  On our second visit, we received the same exemplary service, and met Travis, the manager.  Travis and the rest of the staff were awesome.  We decided to try dishes from the specialty menu to see how much these guys could shine.  We ordered Chicken Tikka Masala and Wood-Fired Fresh Salmon.  Both were delicious.  Given the great service of both visits, and the really good food of the second visit, I really wanted to give four stars.  But, we couldn't escape the fact that the hummus has a acidic sour flavor, and is over pureed.  I think they use vinegar instead of lemon juice and over puree to cover the consistent texture.  It's not bad, but it's not even mediocre either.  Then, there are the pita entrees.  Delicious pita bread and fresh tasty veggies make them quite palatable.  But, the gyro meat's only flavor is salt.  That's just not right.  Frankly, I have to admit that another location just about a hundred feet away makes better pitas and has better hummus.All the food really should be delicious for four stars.  So, I'll just say they're 3.5 stars due to mostly delicious food and great service.  Since there aren't any half stars, I'll just have to round up to four.  So, for pitas, keep walking till you get to the other place on the left.  For everything else, Pita Jungle is a great place.
5	The happy hour tapas are the hidden gem here...sauteed scallops, sauteed mushrooms, etc. a great value and great food.
4	We finally decided to give this place another chance at the encouragement of their corporate office.  I'm glad we did.  We actually had the same server as last time but this time, he was 100 degrees better.  Attenttive, helpful, and our Mediterranean Antipasto plate was perfect.  Thank you Matt.  You did great!  And I'll be back again.
5	Great variety of fresh tasting meals. The Mediterranean chicken salad is my fav. The philly cheese pita and the wood fired chicken lavosh are also favorites.  The tea is great too. Strawberry kiwi green tea and passion black tea. When I'm in the mood for a beer they have my favorite local craft, four peaks kiltlifter, yum!!!
1	Worst place for service.  Manager was above clearing tables to seat people. The waitstaff was more into chitchat then serving customers.  Will never be back. My mom was in from out of town and was going out to lunch with her. Will not take clients here either.
4	I love Pita Jungle, it's fresh healthy food, service is always fantastic and you seriously can't beat their happy hour every day from 3-6pm!My fav item on the menu is their Wood-fired salmon salad served with mixed greens, roasted red bell peppers, tomatoes and cucumbers in a lemon vinaigrette. It's light, but filling and there is zero guilt after eating it! Their Greek Gyro is pretty phenomenal as well. It has broiled beef & lamb marinated with spices and herbs, served in a Greek pita with mixed greens, tomatoes, onions, pickles and tzatziki. If your looking for a delicious and healthy alternative then Pita Jungle is worth stopping by!
4	Service is sometimes too slow and unattentive.  But food is always good and happy hour beers go well with the happy hour hummus trio tapas.
2	My family has visited Pita Jungle at the Happy Valley location three times, and all three times the experience has been wretched.  On two events, the food service was poor, the waitresses did not appear to care about what they were doing, and each time payment to escape the personal hell took forever.  On the final attempt we tried ordering food for takeout; this turned out to be a failure as well.  The order was lost and the staff insinuated that I either never placed the order or that it was made to a different location.  When making the call however, I told them who I spoke with {Cindy} and when confronted she did not recall taking the order.  Attempting to fix the order and give them one more chance, I waited for 25 minutes before throwing in the towel and calling it quits on this location.It's too bad because at other locations in Phoenix, the food is actually quite good.Three strikes your out!  Will NEVER return and will not recommend to family or friends.
5	I like this location. I do sales in the area and it is always quick and affordable.  If I bring others to dine it is not as fast but you get good healthy food for an affordable amount. My customers seem to like it as well.
4	I have eaten here several times and have enjoyed it every time. This place gets pretty crowded during lunch, which is when I come, so obviously I'm not the only one who enjoys dining here. Pros:Fun atmosphere, the decor changes from time to timeService is fast, friendly and knowledgeableGreat selection of fresh, healthy food for vegetarians and carnivoresReasonably pricedIndoor and outdoor seatingVery cleanCons:I miss the original Mediterranean Platter with the green bean salad!Tip: Definitely try the Lentil Fatoosh and ask for Sriracha sauce. I found out about this dish from my doctor, of all people.
5	Tried PJ for the first time during a biz trip, will eat here upon every return. The food is fresh, healthy and delicious. The wait staff is relaxed and appropriately engaging.LOVE IT - a bright spot!
4	What I really like about Pita Jungle is that the veggies in the food are always so fresh.  I had a salmon salad today that had cucumbers, tomatoes, red bell peppers and was topped with their delicious lemon dressing that makes the salad taste so fresh and bright.  We also got a large order of the cilantro jalapeno hummus that I could sit and eat with a spoon it is so dang good.  I absolutely love their fresh squeezed lemonade.  They have about 6 taps for beer and all but one of them (Bud Light...ewww)  looked like it was a rotating tap that changes when the keg blows.   The have fantastic gyros that are actually very well priced.  If you are in the mood for some medditteranean appetizers, come during happy hour.
4	I had lunch today at the bar with a friend and found the service was the best we have ever had at any Pita Jungle in town.  I believer her name was Jennifer, she was attentive and engaging with all of her customers.  She could be a good trainer for all of their servers.
4	Overall loved the location and the fact that I was not ignored I was helped right away and my sever Crystal was great friendly and fun! Without missing a beat she refilled the drinks at the table even though the place was packed. Also Jeremy was really helpful on helping me make up my mind! The wait time on the food was a bit long, but because of the service I received I will be coming back for sure!
1	great food bad service , staff is very obtuse , no attention to detail, love the good food I will take bad service ,...
2	You would think with a name like this they would have homemade quality pita. Not so. Do you like cardboard?  Do you like loud?  Do you like NO protein?  Then this is the place for you. Won't go back. When I asked about the Pita the manager told me that corporate can't decide on a recipe. Give me a break. Don't go.
5	How can you go wrong with Pita?? I mean, are their things I don't like on the menu? Sure. The point is, more times than not I have left tummy full & happy. Service is good, place is always lively and they have great kid plates. Go! It's good.
4	My GF and I are both fans to this place. Decent restaurant with reasonable price. Service is always great!We had the Ahi-tuna with 2 kinds of hummus and wood-oven Salmon salad with grilled vegi. Both are great but I like the tuna/hummus plate better. The tuna is just cooked to right and the hummus is full of flavor. The salmon is really nice but the salad missed some grilled vegi than it used to have. Service are 5 stars!
4	Not really big on this type of cuisine but they have something for everyone! Hello Philly Chicken Pita. Service has always been fast and friendly on our visits, especially with my family being very picky with little substitutions on our pitas. I get mine with mozzarella and onions, skipping peppers, and they always accommodate. The chicken is out of this world. No idea what they put on it, possibly paprika, but it's incredible. Our pitas are always nice and soft as well. Definitely worth a visit if you're in the area!
5	My wife, son and I went to Pita for the first time on Father's Day.  What a great experience we had.  Amazing food and our server (Cristal) was amazing.  I would ask for her seating area, but I am sure ALL the wait staff there is amazing.  My wife and I were surprised how yummy the food was.  Totally didn't expect that.  We will be back there again, that's for sure.  Thank you Cristal for making our first time there a great one at that!!
4	I like this place, went there with family. I had my favorite wood fire salmon salad. Close to harkins.
4	Pita jungle is pita jungle is pita jungle. They're all the same, No matter which one you go to. They all have the awkward hipster  staff members and the food is the same at each one. Beyond that the food is always good and I appreciate they're being a healthy alternative on this side of town.
4	I go here every week, the staff is always friendly and the food is always great.  Every option they have has not resulted in a poor food choice yet.  They are accommodating for my distaste for dairy.  They have limited dairy free options, but the ones they do are great, and can modify others.  Really enjoy the Fulafil Pita, the Broiled Chicken Salad, and the spicy chicken wrap!
1	I almost always pick pita jungle when it's my turn to pick. However, the last visit to this location will indeed be my last. The waiters here are always very friendly so service is not the issue. The BIG BLACK HAIRS, yes plural, were my issue. I ordered the gyro which I almost always do and to my surprise when I got halfway through I had something snag in my mouth...... Talk about disgusting. I looked and noticed NO ONE was wearing a hair net. Disgusting!!! So unless sanitary practices don't matter to you I would highly suggest avoiding this place.
5	The food is great and the staff is always so nice. I love this place. It can be dinner with my kids or drinks with my friends...it works.
3	Great food, great service and happy hour looks great, but management is obviously oblivious if they shut off the misters outside during September with customers still eating 40 minutes before close. They also shut the vinyl enclosures right next to our able and it dripped on us (also didn't smell good and made it hotter since it blocked the breeze).
4	Good, consistent food. Always friendly staff, ambience is a little plain, but all in all good place to grab a casual meal
2	This place could be so much better if they listened. Onions are extremely strong. If someone hates them and you continuously keep forgetting to leave them out of their food , that is a quick way to lose a customer. Everytime I go there and ask for no onions I still get onions! When I complain, instead of making me a new salad , they just pick the onions off leaving the taste of them behind. I think this place has a great concept going with the fresh food and I love greek but I would rather go to greek pita across the street next to Coldstone where they never mess up my order and I enjoy my food vs gagging on an onion!
3	This place is ok. The food isn't as healthy as I would like however there is not a lot around to choose from.
4	Large menu. Lots of  vegan options. Their hummus is a must try. Wasn't a fan of a salad I had but management replaced it with something that would make me happy. We keep coming back here for the good service and healthy choices.
2	This is another outpost of the chain and it was pretty empty on a Friday night. I either keep ordering the wrong food or the place just isn't that good. I used the $25 gift card they gave me for my last bad experience here seven months ago. My order on this date night was one of their Lavosh Pizza's. It was the shrimp and feta concoction The crust was cracker-like, but in fairness the ingredients were fairly fresh. The waitress quickly gave us a new pita when the one we got to dip in our red pepper hummus appetizer was hard as a rock. They should cut the pita in triangles and put it in a warmer before serving. The hummus was decent, but nothing really was too memorable.
5	I eat at Pita Jungle all the time. The location on Happy Valley is BY FAR the best. We had a delicious dinner and the service was amazing. If you eat the chicken and hummus, they have modified the way they cook the chicken and it was tender and full of flavor. Definitely one of my favorite places!
5	Another fantastic meal at Pita Jungle. The Chicken and hummus was delicious and my husband  said his salmon was wonderful. Great service too! Highly recommend this place.
5	Great!! My favorite food, this one and the one by my work are both really yummy. Chicken flat bread pizza is by far my favorite. Good food and beer can't complain.
4	I love their hummus and their trufle pizza and they have great soups that change seasonally. I come with friends and we get a bunch of things to share for dinner tapas style. THen we'll do flights and everyone shares the wine too. THe wine list is great and everything we've had we love. Staff is super friendly and knowledsgable and atmosphere is cool yet relaxed. I love the Monday jazz thing they have going on too.
