5	This location has been here for at least 20 years and the reason it's stayed in business long enough to see dozens of trendy yogurt joints come and go is because it's DELICIOUS. Their Golden Vanilla kicks the ass of any frozen yogurt I've ever had, and I've had a lot of yogurt.
4	TCBY has been around much longer than any of the froyo places that are springing up on nearly every street corner.  There was a TCBY not far from my parents' house in Denver--the TCBY I grew up with.  Sadly, it went out of business many years ago.  I would always get this blizzard-like creation (think:  Dairy Queen, but creamier), made with vanilla frozen yogurt and cookie dough bites.  As of now, I'm much more of a plain froyo person, and I was excited to experience TCBY again.  High school kids do the work, but they did a great job.  I sampled the NSA butter pecan, peanut butter and white chocolate frozen yogurt.  The flavor profiles are a lot less aggressive than your typical froyo place, but are much creamier.  I chose vanilla and purchased a pint for $4.49 sans toppings--cheaper than any froyo place in town in terms of price per ounce.  TCBY has a limited selection of toppings, but I did see some capsules filled with different supplements--something that I do not remember them to have when I was a little girl.  There are about a dozen flavors of ice cream in addition to the waffle bowls and cones that I love.  Smoothies are also on the menu.  When I got home to enjoy my treat, the froyo was not melted at all.  It was rich, creamy and the flavor was not overpowering--the perfect complement to my own store-bought toppings--exactly as I remembered it to be.
5	The hand-scooped frozen yogurt is amazing!! It tastes like delicious ice cream, with flavors like chocolate peanut butter and, chocolate chip cookie dough and cookies and cream. The ingredients are far healthier than ice cream, and the calorie count is significantly lower, but the taste is excellent!! The place is clean and really cute, and the service is super friendly. We come here at least once a week - it's addictive! I highly recommend this place!
