3	Getting ready for our garage sale, we decided we needed water.  Lots of water.  I mean who has a garage sale in the middle of one of the hottest summers on record?  (raises hand)Since we were in the area and it was pretty late already, we decided to stop in to see if they had anything that we could use.  Luckily they did.  Case upon case of water.  Glorious water.  Shrink-wrapped six-packs of bottled water for a buck.  A few Washingtons (the folding kind, not the clanking kind)  later and we were out the door, filling up our cooler and loading it down with ice.The next day, we were selling our ice-cold bottled water for a buck a pop and making bank.  Except when we were drinking it.  Or bathing in it because it was way too freaking hot to be outside trying to schlep our crap off on the unsuspecting public.  Still, the bottled water made it much more bearable.
3	Smiley, friendly employees and tons of items, all $1? This is the Dollar Tree. I've certainly made my way through my fair share of Dollar Trees and this one is solid. Tucked away in a strip mall, you'll find plenty of useful and not so useful stuffs. Kitchen goods, gift bags, drinking glasses, bottled water, cleaning supplies, buckets, snacks and more. While I wouldn't do my grocery or cosmetics shopping here, Dollar Tree certainly suffices when you're on a budget! I mean, hey, I snagged some shower cleaning solution, a bunch of microfiber kitchen towels, hand sanitizer, and some hand soap for $11 and change. Sweet!
4	Oh Dollar Tree, you have everything I could ever want and not need. You provide me with endless rows of colorful assorted items. Holiday cards, cups and plates, cleaning supplies, and even food line your rows of dolardom. How much better can you get. The only reason I'm giving you a 4 star instead of a 5 is because of that pesky driveway trying to make a left turn. Yikes. I'm glad I'm still here to Yelp about you after that left hander. If you're having a party, go here. If you're poor and need some decent food, go here. If you just remembered it's your grandma's uncle's aunt's niece's 4th birthday, go here. This place has something for all those needs. If you're expecting a high fallutin outing, don't go here. The dollar tree isn't for the faint of heart but it is for the adventurous. :) I'm a fan, and since it's the closest one to me I'll be returning often.
