5	I had a water heater problem where the water was getting way too hot no matter what the temperature was set for. I called these guys based on a referral from our homeschool group where they said that Liberty was fair and honest. Well, they were more than fair and honest. They checked on my warranty for me and went ahead and gave me the warranty when they couldn't get through on the phone lines. They had to call me back a few times and each time they said they would call me back, they did. Imagine that!They were able to come out early and they called ahead to make sure it was ok and then they were here within about 15 minutes after that call. Joe was very professional and helpful and took time to explain things to me. And the price was very fair especially considering they went ahead and covered the parts under the manufacturer's warranty. This company was a real pleasure to deal with, a far too rare occurrence in today's age. I will definitely be calling them again for any future needs.
5	Fast and efficient...what more could you want from a plumber
5	Liberty dose a Excellent job  Tom is a great guy a man of his word  I bought two tankless water heaters for my house and my parents house wow what a great price and he pulls permits and license and bonded
5	I believe that when a company continues to give outstanding service over and over it is not a coincidence but a true reflection of character.  Liberty Plumbing has come to our rescue a number of times since buying our home.  When our water heating began leaking, my wife and I called a few plumbers in the area looking for someone to help us.  Tom was very thorough when advising us on water heaters and his recommendations.  He was never pushy and had someone out the next day.  I later needed Liberty Plumbing again when I noticed a leak behind my dishwasher.  Again, problem was solved and work was excellent.  No more leaks.  My family and I recently moved and this time we had an emergency on a Saturday night.  I was changing our our washer and dryer and the pipe broke as we tried to switch out the hoses.  Again, these guys came through and took care of us when they could have easily waited until the next day given it was Saturday night.  If you want a trustworthy, honest, and thorough job done properly, call Liberty Plumbing.  Their prices are just right and very much worth the value.  My wife and I want to thank both Tom and Bill for all your outstanding hard work and dedication to serving your customers.  Truly feel blessed to have come across this great group.  Customer for life.
