5	Used Michael and Son to replace my water heater and the gentleman who came to my house was professional, knowledgeable, and super nice! He was training someone else and you could see he truly cared that the trainee learned the right way.  They were done really quickly and the price was fairly competitive.  They even honored a coupon I had found that apparently was expired.
5	Professional, courteous and fantastic!Technician Shane was thorough checking our heat systems. Gave us pointers and estimates. Even took the time the diagnose the problem of our gas logs.Highly recommend
4	On October 28, 2014, I discovered that my furnace was not operational, even after being serviced earlier that same week by another technician. Victor Pena was the tech sent to determine the problem. Within 10 minutes of arriving at my home, he diagnosed and then resolved the problem. Victor's pleasant personality, professionalism and skill make him an exceptional and valuable member of your team. He even took the time to follow up with me to ensure that everything is still in good working order. The service he provided far exceeded my expectations. I am a very satisfied customer. Kudos to Victor Pena.
5	Michael & Son Services Inc. did a great job with putting up my wall. They were very professional from start to finish. I appreciated the way that they completed the job quickly and efficiently and the cost was the best value that I found throughout the entire city. Will definitely use them when I move. Would strongly recommend!!
3	Had a frozen condensate line and burned out condensate pump for the downstairs heater causing the heater to not work.  I had a very knowledgeable technician. Overall, I was charged about $624 (part+labor+troubleshoot).  The troubleshoot was about $90 and I later googled and found the condensate pump at Home Depot for $50.  That means I paid about $484 for about an hour of labor and knowledge...  I'm grateful for them fixing it since it was like 15 degrees last night and will be again tonight.  They were very professional, explained things to me, and was very clean with their work.  But, overall, I feel that I was way overcharged.  Again, it stressed to me that I need to learn to fix things on my own... But, glad to have a working heater tonight...  Great, professional and friendly technician. But, the pricing is high.Update: Was able to talk to the area manager regarding pricing. They've given me a discount and now I'm a Happy Camper. I do recommend them. They do great work and do care about their customers.
