5	Quite simply, this is my favorite business in Arizona, period.  Dr. Cooley has established a ten star businsess, but I could only give them five.  I've been going to Val Vista Vision exclusively for almost twenty years because the service, prices, and selection meets all of my expectations.  The staff (Patricia, Andrea, Sue, to name a few) know me on a first name basis, and they've been part of the business for as long as I can remember.  They provide a wide range of hours, have just moved to a new location on Boston St. in Gilbert, and generally have a selection of frames that include the latest styles.  They were able to provide me with a great set of round frames that are now making a comeback, but are hard to find.  I get compliments on these glasses on a regular basis.One more thing, they are very competitive on contact lenses.
5	I've needed either glasses or contacts since the mid 80s. Of all the offices I've been to, this is my absolute favorite. The office is convenient, clean and spacious. The staff is friendly and recognizes me when I walk in. I'm very happy with Dr. Eskew and like her very much. (I haven't seen Dr. Cooley.)  I can't think of a reason to not like this office. There are lots of other dr's offices that could take some tips from Val Vista Vision.
5	I have been a patient of Dr. Tina Cooley's for 18 years.  I have received excellent eye care at Val Vista Vision and would highly recommend it for anyone looking for a friendly, caring, and professional environment.  The office staff is always welcoming and the opticians are up to date on the latest trends in lenses and eyewear.  They will work with the patient to get it right.  Dr. Cooley and her team strive for satisfied customers.
5	Val Vista Vision is a rare commodity these days.  Their customer service sets the bar very, very high.  I've been coming to VVV for over 8 years now, and each experience has been pleasant.  I've had two occasions where my contacts weren't fitting comfortably.  Dr. Cooley and Sue refused to stop working the issue until my eyes were completely perfect.  Each time I go, every employee is pleasant.  They all greet you with a genuine smile and truly do seem to have a sense of concern for your comfort.Thank you for keeping my faith.  Some businesses still do practice the very best in customer service.Oh...also - both my contacts and my glasses are great!
5	I truly love Val Vista Vision.  From the wonderful staff headed by Dr. Tina Cooley all the way to the enormous selection of glasses, I have always been impressed.They always take time with me, and that happens so rarely these days, so many businesses hurry you up just so they can go on the next customer or try to interest you in only the top of the line-expensive items. The Val Vista Vision team helps you find glasses that look good on you, and I truly appreciate that!  Thank you so much!
5	We have been going to ValVista Vision for years and will continue to do so!  Best Eye care available in the Southeast Valley!  Dr Tina Cooley-Stapley is excellent!Thank you for all the great care!!
5	I've been going to Val Vista Vision for around 4 years now. I have to say that I like the doctors immensely. They take the time to talk to you, are very personable, and I feel very confident with my vision in their care. The staff are always friendly, joking with you, helping you pick out glasses... I cannot see myself every switching from here.
1	My wife and I both were first time customers to Val Vista Vision. Before going in I knew that I had monovision and a astigmastism. I knew that I could only get glasses, my wife though was told that she was a good candidate for contact lenses. Val Vista Vision charges $135 non-refundable fee. That fee went towards finding the correct contact, training and fitting for her. Her 1st pair (of contacts) my wife could not see distance or in low light level. She went in to see Dr. Stacie Eskew again and was told she had monovision. Dr. Eskew should have recognized this in the 1st exam. My wife went in several times to try different contacts and was told there no more options (she could not see distance in any of them) and she had to wear glasses. She asked since none of the contacts worked, to have partial of the $135 to go towards glasses and was told by contact lens specialist that they would not do that. We were disappointed, thinking Val Vista Vision would have better customer service than this. We will not return as customers or recommend them.
5	I consider myself to be a pretty well educated man, and when I went out a year ago looking for a good optometrist after I moved out on my own, I was very disappointed at what I found. The doctors I had known could not answer my questions, and even were surprised at the condition of my eyes (and showed their surprise). So needless to say I searched high and low before I was referred by several esteemed colleagues to Val Vista Vision. My visit can best be described as "relieving." Dr Eskew was extremely professional, and when I discussed with her my condition (alternating exotropia- a form of strabismus) she knew exactly what I was talking about, referred me to a doctor who has helped people with my condition in the past, and even referred me to a very informative book that has helped clear a lot of things up for me ("Fixing My Gaze" by Susan Barry). This condition has worried me a lot, and Dr Eskew has helped me see that I'm not alone, and that I don't have to just accept it: it can be fixed.And to top it all off, i'm paying way less on contact lenses and glasses then I was before. I could't ask for a better experience.
5	I've been going to Val Vista Vision Center (VVVC) for about 15 years.  Friendly customer service and the fantastic Dr. Tina Cooley-Staley are the two main reasons I've stayed with VVVC.  Dr. Staley really is all about 100% customer satisfaction.  She is very knowledgeable in her field and takes time to explain and answer all my questions.  I never feel rushed.  My entire family goes to VVVC.  I highly recommend VVVC.
5	I have been going to Val Vista Vision for 14 years. Sue Oram "contact specialist"  is a great asset to Val Vista Vision.  She is knowledgable and efficient on getting your order placed. Dr Cooley-Staley was able to get me back in contacts which I was told I would never be able to wear again since moving to AZ 16 years ago.  I have also been seen by Dr Stacie Eskew who is just as awesome. The staff is friendly with great consumer service.
5	I've been going to Val Vista Vision for about 16 years. I'm so thankful for Dr. Cooley-Staley! She's extremely thorough, knowledgeable, and friendly. It's such a blessing to have an eye doctor who truly knows her field and truly cares. My whole family sees her for our eye care needs. Her staff is also wonderful and many of them have been there for a very long time. That says something about the work environment. I always feel well cared for by everyone in the office. I'll also mention that I have complete confidence in the honesty and integrity of Dr. Cooley and her office staff. Another quality that's not always easy to come by.
5	My whole family have been patients of Dr. Cooley-Staley for at least 15 years and we always have wonderful, attentive and thorough service from Dr. Cooley-Staley and all of the staff. We have fun discussions and conversations because they've known us all for so long even though we see them only once a year. We get excellent service, exams and products too!  Between our family members we have purchased glasses frames, had lenses replaced, prescription sunglasses, driving lenses and contacts.
5	Great service. They were prompt and professional.  I had a very short wait at exam and pick up visits. Staff was cheerful and friendly.
5	Val Vista Vision is the best.  I've been going there for 20 years and I've followed them on the 3 times they've moved Dr. Cooley takes such good care and takes her time in explaining everything. This is a laid back family kind of a place where everyone is helpful and friendly.
