1	They always take about 2 days and have ruined 3 of my husband's very expensive dress shirts and of course refused to take responsibility for it. Luckily Macy's was kind enough to replace even though it wasn't their fault at all. They had a different excuse each time for why it wasn't their fault
1	I recently took 6 shirts into the Oxford cleaners at Riggs and McQueen and watched the counter person count my shirts and write down 6 on the pickup ticket.  When I picked them up a few days later there were only 5.  The person behind the counter said that their must have been a miscount when I brought them in and that there had to have only been  5 to begin with.  After a few minutes to get over my shock and disbelief at what she said I told her I had the pickup ticket which said 6.  She again said that there must have been a miscount and that they "don't lose shirts".  Unbelievably the store copy of the pickup ticket had the 6 crossed out and 5 written in its place.  When I pointed that out she repeated her miscount line and that they "don't lose shirts".  I left and told her to have her manager call me the next day.  After waiting for a call which never came I called the manager.  She hadn't heard about my problem, no surprise, and after listening to my description of the shirt she said she had it at the store.  It had never been logged in.  So while they didn't lose my shirt, they certainly had no idea who it belonged to.If the counter person had handled this more professionally, had said that she was sorry it was missing and would check into it, I would have waited, they would have found the shirt and all would have been well.  But because they chose to cover up their mistake and say I only brought in 5 shirts and because of the unprofessional responses by the counter person, I will be finding another dry cleaner.  I won't do business with a company that doesn't treat their customers ethically and with respect.
1	When I went to pick up the items a week ago, my skirt was TRASHED!! And they did NOTHING about it.  It was my favorite skirt -- I splurged and spent almos 200.00 on this beautiful skirt !!   When I told them I would never return,  The owner told me that she didn't need my 75.00 weekly business because she had customers that spent 500.00.  Rude! Hostile ! Unprofessional !!! Never ever use this cleaner!!!Read the previous review about summer.  I had a similar experience with her ! Awesome how you treat your customers, summer
1	The new young girl has absolutely zero customer service skills. Picked up my dry cleaning yesterday. She had ear buds in her ears and didn't give a crap about the business I gave them. No thank you no acknowledgement of my business no nothing. It was like pay me and get the "F" out of here!!! Her face would have broke if she even attempted a smile. Never going back!!!
2	I have been here many times, the cleaning they do is alright nothing to complain about. But what is giving this place a two stars is the service. Normally I come in and they write my name down and I pick up my clothes in a couple days no big deal, but the past few times I have been here the person working at front can never find my orders. I sent my husband over there a few days ago and they couldn't find our order, so my husband leaves and I call the store within 5 minutes. The lady was very sweet and nice and she sat there for a few minutes looking on the computer. Finally she finds an order under a completely different name. She described the clothes to me and that was my order! I was so relieved that she found them. I don't know what the deal is but some of the workers only ask for a name and they write it down on a paper and leave it in the counter and I leave. Other times I have gone in and another (completely different )worker would look up my name and confirm it and then send me on my way.
