4	Despite the fact that I've probably crossed it a thousand times, North Bridge sometimes still has the power to take my breath away.  It connects the Royal Mile to Princes Street, and spans not a body of water, as you might expect, but a subterranean level of the city, because Edinburgh, as you might have noticed, is a layered city.It's undoubtedly an important edifice, both in practical terms, as it unites the Old Town with the New Town, and culturally - two prestigious institutions, the Balmoral Hotel and the former head office of the Scotsman are located on it.  The reason I think it's so stunning, however, is the view: as you walk across it from north to south, there is a sudden and unexpected panorama to your left of Salisbury Crags and the edge of Arthur's Seat, giving you an exhilarating sense of space and openness even though you're in the centre of town.  On the other side you get a view of the elegant terraces of historical buildings in the Old Town, and if you look down you'll see the sloping rooves of Waverley Station below you, and perhaps even a train snaking along.
2	I really don't like North Bridge. I mean, I don't like North Bridge as a place, but the view can sincerely be quite breathtaking. If only there wasn't the constant stream and bustle and shove and downright annoying ambient that any overpopulated street has. It's loud and, particularly during the festival, feels like you're swimming unsuccessfully upstream (like a knackered salmon). I think having lived in Edinburgh for about 4 years now, I've become overly accustomed to the quiet. North Bridge pulls me forcefully out of this quiet and back into what I'm guessing most cities feel like. I.e. it has the opposite effect of places like Dean Village and the Water of Leith Walkway.
4	Perhaps a little low on atmosphere, the food was, nevertheless very good. Do not miss the Scottish salmon on blini starter, it's on the Queens list. By the way, the hotel is located in the very nice Scotsman Hotel - lovely stay.
5	Bridges, by and large, are not something I like to go on about. However I think that this is a fairly important bridge. It connects the new and the old town and has a breathtaking view to BOTH the right and the left.  There are many things you can do on this bridge.Cycling:The road surface can be rather annoying however, and there are generally U-turning taxi's and busses flying around so cycling down it can be a bit frustrating, and on the way back up you always seem to have the wind in your face. However cycling is a solid way to experience this bridge.Walking:This bridge can be traversed in both the up-hill and downhill direction. One of these is harder than the other but I'll leave you to work that out.Standing:This is a particular pastime of the tourist visitors to Edinburgh. It can sometimes interfere with those partaking in some "walking" (see above). Many people can be seen standing in shelters, however they are not standing - they are waiting for a busBus:Take a bus for a slightly elevated view over both sides of the bridge, unless of course there is another larger bus on one side of youLooking:You can look AT this bridge by not standing on it, and you can look OFF the bridge too. Sometimes I like to look at it and imagine what it would look like somewhere else, like in the middle of a desert, then I think to myself "that would look ridiculous - there is no water in the desert, why would you need a bridge" All in all a solid bridge.
3	Connecting places Standing, walking, riding...Go! Sunsets, a must show
2	I don't understand how Alex R could have given this 5 stars (yes Alex, I'm calling you out). Firstly, I urge you to read his review as it's hilarious, and it gives context to my review.In the context of Alex R's review, I am of the WALKING category on this bridge. Occasionally waiting for a bus and sometimes cycling. But mainly walking.And when it comes to walking on this bridge, it's a total 'mare. Despite the quite wide streets, there are even more bus stops and it means that you often have to stop, quite literally, stop in your tracks and navigate around huge crowds of people. Couple this with the Edinburgh Rain and the Edinburgh Wind and the fact it's a wide open space which makes it the perfect place for the Wind and Rain to meet in full force, I never have fun walking over this bridge.The only stars it gets are for the view. Walking into the Old Town, on your left you have Arthur's Seat and on your right you have all the amazing, beautiful old building that date back almost 1000 years (well Old Town itself does). Oh but wait, there are probably lots of people stopping to take photos of the beautifulness which further adds to the congestion.Rant over. I dont really like crossing this bridge, but it does do a pretty good job of connecting the Old and New Town so that's saying something.
4	This bridge was awsome.  Not only did it connect the Old part of town to the New part, but it marked as a return spot for me to go back to my hotel which was right at the end of it.  The view from the bridge was stunning.  Standing on the bridge and just taking in a sunset or the sun rise is breath taking.  Sometimes people need to stop running from place to place and just enjoy the moment.
4	Ah yes, The Bridges. In particular the North Bridge. Overlooking the glass roof of the Waverley Train Station. Flanked by the Scotsman Hotel and the Balmoral HotelThis place is brilliant for sunsets and atmospheric pictures showing the most recognised buildings of Edinburgh in one or two pictures. It is a busy bridge (many buses and cars) and it could do with a little TLC, but I like it.
