5	Our washing machine broke and clothes quickly ran low with 2 boys in the house. I decided to try Q&C because their prices beat the others in town, plus, FREE pick up and delivery! The clothes were picked up and delivered back the next day neatly folded. He even gave me a bag for future services and a few reference cards. Love this place!
5	Wonderful service!!! We will be returning customers!!
5	Excellent customer service!!! Quick turnaround! Clothes returned neat and clean. I will definitely be a repeat customer!
5	Love not having to drop my clothes off and instead having them come to me! Clothes were clean!
5	I'm a repeat customer of Quick N Clean dry cleaners and couldn't be happier! They will continue to be my service provider of choice for both dry cleaning and wash and fold laundry. I really appreciate the flexibility of their pick up and delivery times. I don't like when I have to sit in traffic commuting to work and then on top of that, stop by the cleaners to drop off dry cleaning, they look up my account, sort through my clothes, provide the cost -- and then I get back into traffic, which by now has increased. Now to pick up the dry cleaning -- this process is repeated, which can be inconvenient. I have tried to find cleaners en route, but Quick n Clean's delivery service and quality is a great solution for busy commuters like me. I just go online, choose the services that I need, the day and time that I want pick up and delivery-- and they do the rest! This service is so great, they will come directly to wherever you specify to pick up your items for dry cleaning and/or laundry. Clothes arrive quickly, clean and neat!!!!
5	The last thing I want to do before dropping off my daughter in the morning, or after picking up in the evening on the way home; is to go out of my way to pick up and drop off dry cleaning. Quick 'n Clean has solved that problem, and saved me money in the process by offering competitive prices. Quick 'n Clean is always on time, picking up/dropping off early in the morning before leaving for work at the convenience of my front door. The owner is incredibly nice, and even throws in a rewards program and bag (way better than the one I was using) to store my dry cleaning before I need to send out again. They will continue to be my service provider of choice.
