5	When you enter the doors at this place you're treated immediately like family. JD and Amy (the owners) create an UNintimidating environment while simultaneously hiring the best instructors to put you through an insane workout that will leave you gassed - yet energized to tackle the rest of your day.  Whether it is the group classes or the individual boxing instruction (my personal favorite) this is the type of facility I would create if I had the opportuntiy to build a gym.Trust me, when I say this gym is for everyone from top level athlete to the weekend warrior.  Take a step inside and see for  yourself what an amazing place JD and Amy have created. Welcome to the family!
5	I never enjoyed working out until I came to Amenzone Fitness DC Ranch!! Not only do I get intense, total body conditioning workouts, but I have fun while doing it. The owners and other instructors are some of the nicest people you will ever meet. I walk out of this gym feeling confident and strong. Nobody should be intimidated by the workouts..... they are incredible!One of my favorite parts of this gym is that after every class, the instructor gives a message pertaining to the other aspects of living a healthy lifestyle: happiness, facing your fears, resiliency, etc. They all inspire me to become a better person. I feel like the gym is a family, and I became part of it right when I walked through the door on my first day.
5	DC ranch has been a life changing place for me. Coming from an athletic background gyms have always been a usual place for me to be. There is something different about DC ranch Amenzone. You walk in and are overwhelmed with a sense of belonging. The atmosphere in this gym is unlike any other place. You are always greeted with a hug and smile. Coming in new for the first time? No problem. Every single person introduces themselves and encourages you along the way. Along with the encouragement the learning has been incredible. These trainers know the body. Know the muscles. Know the lifestyle. They practice what they preach and know what works. It's so great being able to train under such knowledgable people in the industry and the fitness community. I have been training personally with Kelsey for 2 months now. I've needed to make some changes physically in my life and did I hit the jackpot or what! Kelsey comes from an athletic background as well and her knowledge, passion, support and overall drive has changed my life. She not only has held me accountable for my diet to help me succeed but has custom fit my training to get me the results I'm dying to have. Each day I leave I feel empowered and better than I thought possible. I am currently down 16lbs and over 12 inches in just the 2 months. My confidence is back. My drive to be fit is back. And I thank all the trainers (JD, Nick, Amy, Mimi and Kelsey) for supporting me during this journey. For anyone wanting to lose weight, get back in shape, gain confidence I highly recommend Kelsey. She has a way to make everyone feel strong and like they will succeed. Two thumbs way up!!This gym changed my life and it's because of the people that have dedicated their lives to making others better.
