5	The perfect store to get your Vegas on!!Shops are located in most of the major casinos - MGM, Venetian, Harrah's, Caesars - to name a few........ & even the airport has a Marshall-Rousso!Lots of sparklie dresses, shiny dresses, shorty-short dresses, & cut-down-to-there dresses, like all the hipsters wear.  This season, there were tons of those "Mushroom" dresses - you know, the dress that is all flowy except for a tight band right after your butt so it's super short & bags out, & you end up looking like a mushroomALL the girly-girls were wearing these dresses!!  Marshall-Rousso is tren - deee!!!!Prices are extremely decent & a perfect way to step into Vegas -  celebrate a night on the town, pick up that studded, bejeweled, or sparklie shirt or cocktail dress to *make* the perfect eveningStrappy sandals, skyhigh stilettos & the like, pair perfectly w/ your new fun, party dress & now you're ready to hit the casino, a fancy-schmancy restaurant, or showMarshall-Rousso has you covered!
4	It's 30 days of me and my birthday month so what do I want to get from Vegas to celebrate?  A new handbag!  I spotted a Cole Haan at Marshall Rousso amongst all the trendy club wear, jewelry, and belts and zeroed in on my selection.  I even left the store and came back to buy it.  That's just how powerful my desire for the handbag is.  I'm telling you - it's dangerous to be in Vegas but it's my birthday soon so I had to get something.  Right?!  Yep.The sales staff was helpful and turns out my bag was 50% off as was everything else in the store but I just wanted my Cole Haan bag and nothing else.  They bagged it up well to prevent any rain damage.  That was awesome because I was worried about that.
4	All the sparkly clothes drew me into this gem of a shop at the Las Vegas airport.  I was greeted by a very sweet French woman who help me pick out clothes and even brought clothes to my dressing room for me to try on.  I tried on clothes that I would have otherwise passed on if shopping by myself but was so glad she insisted I try them on because wowowowowow did I look amazing in her selections! I wish I would have found this place with more time to spare as I had to hurry to catch my flight.  I cant wait to come back again! This time will be making room in my suitcase for all the great new clothes I will be buying.  It was a little pricey BUT I feel so fabulous wearing them and get compliments non-stop.  This is what good clothes are supposed to do! make you feel like a million bucks! Top notch quality clothing that will serve you well for years of wear.The only reason I am not giving them a 5 star rating is because of how small their clothes are cut so you really have to try things on first. I only wish they had online shopping or a catalog but this makes me only look forward to my next Vegas trip even more!
5	I love this store!Saw some cute things in the window and upon walking in was greeted by a lovely sales girls who adored my Elaine Turner shoes from Houston, so I knew immediately she had great taste. Zipped right to some hip shirts and slacks outfits and she started my dressing room. She guessed my size right away and of course threw in a couple of her favs for me to try as well. On the way there she directed me to a rack of new arrivals, not even unwrapped and let me get first pick there. She was super helpful about bringing things in and out as I heard things ran small here but really they run perfect! Everything I tried on looked great.I tried my best to avoid the shoe area but alast, got sucked in by some super cool gold sandals.So four slacks, four blouses, a pair of shoes was around $750. Not cheap, but man they looked good. Everybody complimented me on my outfits all weekend and that's what expensive clothes should do. I did have to end up checking my bag and carrying on my shopping bag due to this but that was a small price to pay for my new Vegas wardrobe!
