5	As a sole proprietor of a business that involves lifting, standing on hard floors, and physical work, Tinnen Family Chiropractor has enabled me to stay healthy and on my feet many times already.  This last weekend, I had a big work weekend to prepare for and on the Monday before my lower back "went out" and left me struggling to even stand upright or get out of a seated position.  I was relieved that Rob Tinnen was able to fit me in his schedule several times beforehand, and by the weekend I was able to do the physical work I had to do.  Not only that, but his work on my back had helped to the point where doing that physical work did not leave me back where I started, but continued to help heal my injury.They take a well-rounded approach making gentle, effective adjustments, using heat, electro-stim, ultrasound, and lift tables.  Rob has suggestions for helpful diet choices, supplements, and exercises to aid the healing.  Dr. Tinnen is also observant and respectful of what you personally want to get out of your visit.  I am not a fan of having people observe me and watch me exercise, he noticed this and makes suggestions for what I can try at home rather than push me to do what makes me uncomfortable.  I appreciate being able to make decisions like that about my health care.  All in all, this is comfortable and professional, great chiropractic care.  Check it out!
5	I went to Dr. Rob Tinnen the first time with severe back issues due to a labor-intensive job and an illness which left me bed-ridden for over a week.  Gradually, but efficiently, he brought the strength & health of my back to the point it had been over a year prior.Not only is he a reliable resource for adjustments when work builds up to back/neck/hip/ankle problems, he also has given me direction in other areas.  He immediately noticed the tiny, red bumps on my forehead that had bothered me for years.  After I took his suggestion to cut back on gluten & dairy, due to a probable irritation, my skin has improved dramatically.  He also taught me exercises and posture/stances to build weak muscles and/or avoid positions that were poor for my health to begin with.I have visited him over a dozen times and continue to walk out the door very satisfied every time.  Between dietary suggestions, supplements options, and general lifestyle tips, I've had the opportunity to make life-long improvements.  He makes patients feel comfortable and realize that they can make adjustments of their own to improve overall health.  I recommend him to co-workers and friends at any chance I get!
5	It's been over a year since I found Tinnen's chiropractic to help a bad neck injury. I had been previously going to another practice in town for months and didn't feel like I was making improvements. I liked that Tinnen's is a family business. After my first visit I felt a tremendous relief in my body. Robert understood the problems I was describing and was able to make immediate adjustments to help with the pain as well as suggestions for exercises and dietary changes to help strengthen my body. In the time I have been working with Robert he has helped me through neck and back pain that I've struggled with my whole life as a result of a hip replacement. I trust his advice completely and truly appreciate his holistic approach to body, mind and dietary health. Robert encouraged me to try removing gluten from my diet when I was struggling with stomach problems. I have been happier and gluten free for 2 months now. Thanks Robert!
5	I love these guys! I've been going to chiropractors for years and have a lot of experience with all types.This is the best experience yet.  Rob is awesome at getting right to the root of the problem and explaining it to you while adjusting the WHOLE body. I love how they consider the entirety of an individuals lifestyle without judgement. Plus they have toys for my kid to play with. :)
5	I almost don't want to add to the raves, because I selfishly don't want them to be so busy that it's hard to get in. If you are hesitating for some reason, if you are distrustful of chiropractic, take the leap and just try them. I went because I had an acute injury, but I have spent 25 years with chronic pain. Spent countless hours with doctors, osteopathic doctors, physical therapists, other chiropractors, accupuncturists, massage therapists, but never fully healed. Just a couple of visits with the Tinnens fixed me. I walked out after my first visit feeling better than I have in decades, and after my second I was actually pain free for the first time that I can remember since my childhood. It will take a lot of time and work to reverse so many years of damage, but their skills are allowing me to exercise and sleep without immediate pain and that's what I have to do to heal permanently.They didn't promise miracle cures. They suggested supplements but it truly felt like a suggestion that I could take or leave (I took them), and they were respectful of my preferences. I cannot recommend them more highly.
5	I have been to see Dr. Rob for a number of different reasons over the last three years. I do a lot of computer work and tend to have problems in my neck and back from poor posture. When I was pregnant I felt very comfortable being adjusted by him. He worked with me to use chiropractic care to manage nausea, acid reflux and pain. Dr. Rob is great about suggesting other exercises to support the adjustment and keep your back aligned an healthy longer. This is a very friendly, family oriented business and a great find on the east side!
