4	it's been a couple of years, but when we went, it was your typical club--not too packed, not too empty.  definitely a bit of a scene, a lot of picking up going on.  didn't hurt that i attended the Stuff Magazine party, and the joint was overrun with Stuff girls.
4	Whenever I leave SF, I am reminded that the rest of the country does not have the same love affair with house music that my city does. So I've always gotta do a little digging to find the right club to indulge my booty-shakin' groove needs.Enter Ice.Just a stone's throw from the strip, it's got the goods. Last time I was there, Deep Dish was playing. My favorite DJs in the world, by the way. Lucky for us, we bought tickets ahead of time, because the cover was $150 at the door (we paid $75 for the tix btw, so not a cheap event in any case). Doubling an already-steep price does smell of a rip-off, but welcome to Vegas. Can't get too worked up about such things.The music is reliably fantastic. It's a large space with multiple rooms. The crowd isn't bad for Vegas. I've definitely found more attitude at other places. The security guys are full of themselves, as is the case anywhere, so I can only knock off minor points there.Overall, the best place in Vegas for my musical needs.
1	If you're a weirdo tweaker, this is the place for YOU! If you like cold ass steam air coming over you and a cloud staying over you for about 3-5 minutes at a time and you can see absolutely NOTHING except for the colors flashing on the cloud and not being able to see your own hand in front of your face for MINUTES at a time without any warning, YOU WILL LOVE IT HERE. If you like sweaty nasty people rolling on e and trying to rub up on you *when you can't see them* go here!!Sooooo, since i'm not a tripped out tweaker myself, i hated this club, hated the music, hated the tweaker people and the "not being able to see for 5 minutes without warning thing" scared me so bad it actually triggered a migraine and i lost feeling in my entire left side. I get anxiety just thinking about it, my friend Gina and i grabbed on to each other until the cloud dissipated and left. In my opinion, this is a rapists haven, someone could be grabbed and taken and no one would EVER know (because no one could see or hear). If you decide to go there (and you're a female)... BE CAREFUL PLEASE!!!!
1	Of all the clubs I've been to- this was the lack lustre one...Didnt care for the overly magnanimous fog machine, the all day partiers and well just didnt like the whole vibe...probably a transformation is in place?
3	I guess it was okay. They were playing house and hip hop. Drinks from what I can remember were reasonable. I can't remember much about the crowd, but we had fun.Haven't been to Vegas since 2006 so I don't know if this place is still open.
