1	Ho boy, I was excited for a ramen specialty shop to finally open in Chubana. This restaurant did a superb job in crushing all my ramen dreams. First off, the neophyte employees don't seem to understand how ramen refills work. First off, you can only order extra noodles during your order. Instead of putting the noodles in an empty bowl, they just add it into your ramen when it's made. If working on a Monday had a flavor, it would taste like the noodles and broth served here. The noodles tasted fairly mundane and the broth itself was bland. What surprised me was that the Curry chicken ramen I ordered was done Chinese-style rather than Japanese style. What this means is that the chicken in the ramen had bones, so it was fairly annoying randomly biting into bones while I ate my food. Also, the flavor of the broth didn't really resemble Japanese curry; it seems that they tossed some hot spices in the hopes that we wouldn't recognize that it's not Japanese curry. Also, I was surprised by the rave/trance music playing in the background... I'm no fan of this sort of music, but I honestly wonder if the owners did some sort of market analysis and found out what UIUC students like listening to. It wasn't even good rave music either. They had a rave version of Justin Bieber's "Baby." I don't really have anything against him, but I do question the music selection here. Not only was stomach absolutely pissed at what I had subjected it to, my wallet was equally furious as well. The ramen bowls cost around $11 each (they normally cost $7-$8 at other places). But when you're the only ramen specialty shop in town, I suppose you can charge whatever you want.
2	Pretty disappointing, honestly.I've been eagerly waiting for my first try at Koto Ramen since I spotted the place under interior decoration early in summer. When I actually went there, it was like my ramen dreams shattered. I have to admit that I'm not an expert in Japanese ramen, but ramen at Koto is not what I wanted. I ordered miso ramen with pork. The broth was kind of like a universal broth with miso paste dissolved. I keep saying to myself "no they won't charge $9.99 for that kind of inferior mixture", until a block of undissolved miso paste sickened me.The standard bowl comes with pretty little noodle, three slices of very thin pork, half a well-done cook egg, and some spare bean sprout and corn kernels. I'd say that they overcharge it way too much.Customers are responsible to take used tableware to a tray, but wiping the tables clean should be taken care of by attendants. I arrived at 5pm, definitely not rush hour, but the table was sticky and greasy.
2	I have scoured the world in search of sublime authentic ramen, which has landed me in countries around the world and especially at ramen's heart of origin, Japan. Subjectively, Koto should receive no stars for its improper use of ingredients, a lackadaisical preparation process and poor value. Objectively however, Champaign Urbana is not a destination of culinary paradise either.To provide an assessment of Koto with a point of reference of world class ramen is unfair. So on the standards of Champaign savor, measured to the likes of Chipotle, Cravings, Bangkok Thai, Torticas and the much heralded McDonalds, Koto should be correctly placed at a 1.5 rating. It is rounded up to 2 as a gesture of good will. Pros+ Effort for attempting to replicate authentic ramen in Cornfield, Illinois+ Clean environment, refreshing decor+ Reasonable menuCons- A futile attempt at ramen replication, ironically due to the lack of effort- Cheap ingredients- Does not offer Tonkotsu broth (an important soup base in ramen derieved from pork bones and fat)My order and assessment: Shoyu (Soy sauce) Pork RamenThe core of ramen lies within two primary aspects, the broth and a wheat based ramen noodle. Broth is characterized by two types. The first is a lighter broth such as soy sauce. It acts as a secondary flavor to amplify the inherent taste of other ingredients used. Normally lighter broths are quite refreshing and also providing a sensation of warmness to the dish. The second is a rich broth such as Tonkotsu. It requires a lengthy preparation process as it aims to release every fraction of flavor from its soup ingredients which involves the boiling of pork bones and fat for multiple hours. This results in a broth that is rich, pungent but not overwhelming. What I was given instead of standard Shoyu was a cheap chicken broth that was grease ridden and no different to a 30 cent chicken soup from K-Mart. It was edible, just barely. It was not ramen broth...it was chicken soup. Cheap chicken soup. Ramen noodles are the second core of a ramen bowl. To highlight the importance of the noodle, the term "ramen" itself translates literally to "pulled noodle". This is a noodle dish and for obvious reasons the noodle component is imperative. Koto however resorted to using a prepackaged thin ramen variant with an overwhelming egg flavor, and a lingering vile unidentifiable aftertaste.  It is acceptable to use prepackaged noodles as fresh ramen production is understandably difficult, however Koto's parsimonious noodle selection was absolutely unforgivable. It was not a far step away from our beloved Maruchan, less than 20 cents a pack, in this $11 bowl of ramen atrocity. The pork topping was laughable. It was slices of unseasoned half cooked pork, overcooked using a blow torch (literally) and over-overcooked when sitting in the warm broth. Not much to add to lederstreifen and broken jaws. I have the full capacity to afford a $11 ramen bowl, but given the criminally low quality of ingredients used in this bowl of horror, my visit was outright robbery. Then again this is Champaign, so a very generous two stars to Koto.
3	I don't know a thing about the authenticity of ramen or the difference between great and good ramen. I eat packaged ramen and sometimes I order ramen. So I went to Koto Ramen to order ramen. It's new, it's shiny, it's bustling, and ramen. I ordered the seafood ramen the first time and ikura don with salmon the second time.The seafood ramen was pretty good. It wasn't memorable but there was a lot of seafood in it. The portions are large. The most fun part of that experience was watching the cooks deep fry the noodles.The ikura don with salmon was ohmygod delicious. But the portions were shit. It came in a cavernous bowl with the whole damn thing filled with shit rice. And as an apparent afterthought, it was sprinkled with a shit amount of roe on it like we were playing games, with an ass-scrape's worth of salmon. Fuck that. I would have paid twice as much to make it look like they even pretend to care. But alas, it was like 10 bucks or something. So you get what you pay for. Man, I wish there was a place that served some nice ikura don.
1	I'll be the first to admit that I know very little about authentic ramen. None, actually. However, I do have the good fortune of possessing taste buds, a feature that I would have gladly seen diminished during my trip to Koto Ramen.Working on campus right across the street, I'm always interested when a new lunch option opens up. After my initial disappointment about the latest offering being yet another noodle & rice type of place, I decided to check it out.First, owing to my acknowledged ignorance about the menu and genre, I asked the order taker/cashier what he might suggest. "Order whatever you like," was the ever-so-helpful reply. I doubled back with, "What do most people order?" thinking you can't really dodge that one. Miso, he said. So I ordered the pork miso ramen to go.I nestled up at the counter, overlooking the glass-front prep/kitchen area. Reminded me of Shakey's pizza where you could watch the dough fly and toppings scatter. And then I noticed something that really caught my eye. A woman worker pulled out these little gray strips of meat, laid them out on a baking sheet, then pulled out a blowtorch and started giving them the flame. I've since learned that this is a Japanese technique that calls for searing the fat with high heat. Not sure her technique was, um...valid.The result was absolutely disgusting. The ramen itself might have at one time been palatable (no better than the $.19 cent County Market variety, though) but instead the entire "dish" was infused with the distinct flavor of propane. I was sick to my stomach for the rest of the day.Oh, and it was $11 for this disappointment. Don't waste your time or money.
1	My friend and I got a miso ramen and curry ramen. I tried both of them and I have to say that the curry ramen tastes just like you add some cheap curry powder into miso ramen, it was extremely salty and greasy.  And chickens in these ramen were just like you throw frozen chickens right into boiled water, they taste like trashy potatoes. Come here if wanna try something much more expensive but worse than Instant noodle.
2	Since I have lived in Japan for some tinr, I am rather picky about my ramen. First of all, this place does not offer japanese ramen, even their shoyu broth is.. simply shoyu (soy sauce) and broth.. whereas real japanese shoyu broth is much more than that. I'm Chinese despite my wife being Japanese, so I have nothing against them... but I just want to point out that their ramen is Chinese Japanese fusion. The taste was so so, I had the braised beef topping. Although customer service was good, food is so so, and price is kind of on the high end for noodles.
3	I came here with an optimistic friend, after reading the one star yelp reviews and hearing how bad it was from my roommate. I was pleasantly surprised to have an moderately enjoyable, though overpriced dinner. The shop was empty, probably due to their reputation. We both ordered a tonkotsu ramen but with different meats. I'm no ramen expert but the taste was fine. Though if they are mixing a soup base with flavoring powders it would have been hard to tell as tonkotsu soup contains pretty much all the flavors of a neutral broth. The only thing obviously wrong was that under the toppings the ramen noodles were still loosely stuck in a circle brick shape,  so they were obviously from a package. A little bit of stirring before calling my order and I wouldn't have noticed. The tables were clean and the lady taking my order was nice enough. But then again, the place was empty and I knew what I wanted. I won't be going back because for $10 it isn't a really good value. I'd say at $6.50 for dinner they might have something. In any case,  it wasn't as bad as I expected and I actually enjoyed finishing my soup.
1	First of all, a store that is advertised as a Ramen store should at least be using real Ramen noodles. Instead, they committed the biggest food crime by substituting the more expensive Ramen noodles with Chinese lo mein noodles. To make it worse, the broth is basically hot water with tons of MSG. The pork tastes like dry cardboard and it seems that the chef do not even know how to properly cut a meat. The egg is over boiled and even the mushroom used are the ones used for the actual lo mein dish. The worst crime is to actually having the audacity to charge $9 for a "lo mein soup".I would recommend not supporting a dishonest business that tries to trick the customers. Basically, if you are looking for some decent Ramen, AVOID this place at all costs!
2	I've never really hit up the Ramen scene yet, even though it seems to be taking over everywhere.  This place was brand new to town, Sakanaya has been around a while, but decided to give this place a try at a friend's request.First of all, having no exposure to the ramen scene, I expected to walk in and find prices for food to be 4 or 5 dollars for a bowl of ramen.  After all, you can get a cup ramen for 25 cents, so a reasonable upcharge on upscaling a cheap food item, I was thinking 4 or 5 dollars.  So as you can imagine, walking in and seeing prices in excess of $12 or $13 dollars sort of took me by surprise.  I almost decided to leave right there seeing as dinner for two was going to set me back 30 dollars with tip, and 30 dollars for ramen?  Chipotle or Five Guys would be a better investment, value to deliciousness ratio.Still, this being my first exposure to ramen, I guess it was educating to find out that everyone is upcharging this much.  I don't know what the possible overhead could be on some of these items.  A simple bowl of ramen in excess of 10 dollars... there had better be a side of cucumber salad, a 6 piece California maki, and some green tea included or something, alas no... it was just the ramen.So on the merits of value, this places gets a 3/10.  I don't feel as ripped off as when I go to a tapas place, or go to GT Fish and Oyster in Chicago (where I feel as though they take my money, my clothes, my dignity, and my self respect, and in return, they give me two oysters that taste like freezer burn thawed dressed up snot balls).  But if this is to be a regular joint for me to visit, value's gotta be upwards of a 7 or 8 out of 10 value.  And in today's economy, I'd argue it's that simple.  Keep it affordable, and I'll continue to come around.  My wife got the kalbi ramen, good choice.  I decided to make myself feel less ripped off and went for something simple, chicken teriyaki, to see how this place would spin a beloved classic.  My wife's ramen was actually pretty dang good.  Some insider information has informed me that the cooks have been doing it for 3+ decades, and know what they are doing.  Ramen noodles are of the highest quality, and the broth is not overly seasoned needlessly.  What surprised me the most was the quality of the kalbi she had.  It wasn't garbage meat that you pick up in the "unknown meat" section of the super market, but it was a high quality melt in your mouth giant piece of kalbi.  Really good.  The additional fixings in her ramen were less than remarkable.  Where I praise the quality of the kalbi, and the ramen noodles themselves, the broth though it tasted good, was extremely greasy.  A flash refrigeration cycle to get the fat solidified on top, then skimmed, and reboiled wouldn't hurt in their food prep procedures.After only a few spoonfuls of the broth, I felt like my face was oozing garlic and someone had put sesame oil on their hands, and rubbed it all over my face.  So, probably some of the prep process can be improved over all there.  A fat skimming refrigeration of the broth would go a long way.The chicken teriyaki I got was unremarkable.  Surprised since it cost I think $8 or $9.  I was expecting a sizable portion and a bunch of fixings to balance out the chicken, but no, just salad, rice, and the chicken.  Even after adding in overhead and paying people, justifying $8 or $9 for that is pretty unheard of.  From a taste perspective, it was just standard.  I'd go as far as to say it lacked inspiration or imagination, and more enjoyment could have been realized from baking plain chicken at home, and pouring store bought teriyaki sauce on it. Perhaps a bit harsh there.On the merits of taste in general, the place gets a 6/10.  The savior was the ramen (as expected).From a service perspective, the people were great, polite.  I did feel as though once I had paid, I was dead to the hostess, and any further dealings with me would be a waste of her time.  For being someone who has no idea about the ramen scene, I was expecting her to tell me what to do, or what to expect, where I can get my food, or who will be delivering it to my table, etc. So I picked up some napkins, and some plastic utensils, not having any idea what to expect.All of a sudden the cook yelled out a number.  Having no idea what was going on, I sought the receipt that I had crumpled up into my pocket, only to realize that I'm supposed to get my own food.  That's totally fine of course, except for the fact that no one told me how anything worked.  So for 30 seconds, the cook continued to yell out a number and got increasingly upset. My bad, I didn't know!  Merits of service.  3/10.Final thoughts.  Cost doesn't justify volume of food, and just "ok" taste.  Probably a once every 4 years restaurant for me.  Sakanaya will probably be no better.  We'll see.
2	The girl working at the counter was very nice and explained the different types of ramen soup bases. The interior of the restaurant is clean and nicely decorated. I tried the tonkatsu ramen, which was disappointing. The texture of the noodles resembled that of spaghetti and the pork was tough. Save your money and buy a packet of Shin ramen--that's probably more satisfying.
3	I went to Koto Ramen for the first time recently, I got the pork ramen with pork base. Basically, it's just okay. The good - interior design is nice, looks kinda upscale-ish. Sleek, hip, cool. The staff is friendly. Nice, helpful, friendly. The food is alright. Noodles, vegetables, and broth are all tasty. The bad - the pork was really poor quality. Thin, tough, tasteless. The price was too high for the quality of the food. Overpriced, steep, $8 for a bowl of mediocre ramen?!It's not that great. If you're on campus and in the mood for ramen, go for it, on a date with someone who wants ramen? Okay. Otherwise, avoid it.
1	I was really excited to try this new ramen spot on green street. However, after the first bite I was disappointed. I got the braised beef tonkotsu ramen. The broth lacked any pork flavor and none of the umami flavor you get from a truly good broth. The noodles were far too chewy and not tasty at all. The braised beef by far was the worst aspect. I was expecting the beef to melt in my mouth as it should have, instead i had to tear it apart and chew on it like a piece of gum. Definitely not what you want out of a beef that was supposed to be "braised". I didn't come close to finishing my ramen and left Koto Ramen unsatisfied and disappointed. Don't waste $13 and go to Sakayana across the street for some much better ramen. Actually you're better off eating top ramen for better noodles and a more flavorful broth
1	Seriously the worst ramen i've ever had in my life. would you ever pay 12 dollars for maruchan?
3	Decent food, good atmosphere, high priced for its value (was worth since it was so cold outside).
2	I am new to the area but I have friends that have been waiting for this place to open up forever. I'm going to break my experience down in this review.1. The ramen wasn't good. At all. The soup was oily and the base was bad. The noodles left much to be desired, and the flavor just wasn't there. Most of their ramens taste really similar. All in all it just tastes like instant ramen with some fatty meat thrown in. In fact, if it were instant ramen, I wouldn't have to pay an $10 for it.2. No vegetarian options and the staff isn't very nice about it. I have a friend that's a 'flexatarian' (a vegetarian with cheat days, occasionally) and he told me the staff was pretty snarky about it. All the soup bases are made from day old pork/beef broth.3. The ambiance is ok. The decor is cool but the tables are a bit too close together in my opinion.4. They aren't consistent with their service. My friend and I got the exact same meal with the same level of spice. I got a giant lump of what looked like straight Sriracha but my friend didn't get any spice at all.All in all, can't recommend this place. It's only slightly less expensive than Sakanaya. You'll find a better bowl of ramen just about anywhere.
