3	I usually don't like restaurants of this type. This place was OK - maybe because I was just visiting. It's like a Denny's or a Coco's, etc. They have all American food and it was really cheap. They actually have some decent things on the menu and most of the stuff is under $10. With the dinner selections, you get a dinner salad and the choice of two sides - that's almost unheard of anymore.
3	While visiting the Carefree Resort, I realized that I really did not want to pay resort prices for resort food so my boy and I ventured into Scottsdale to see what we could find for breakfast.  We ended up at Village Inn, and it was fine!  Good breakfast, service was prompt, and the manager was friendly on our way out.They did not have Pumpkin Pie as my son wanted (wow, didn't even know he liked that) because it is seasonal, but overall, a good breakfast.
4	We went this evening.  In spite of nearly being in a HUGE accident caused by the Scottsdale Police "managing" traffic for the two Auburn University buses; we finally arrived.   Not too many folks there but it did pick up as the evening wore on.WONDERFUL Tomato & Basil Soup!!!  Great service (Robert!).  This place is clean, and the food is really good.  Unpretentious, honest to goodness food.  Kind of like Denny's or CoCo's but the food was actually good - all of it.  We will go again.  You should too.
5	I was really impressed with Villiage Inn. I can't say I had ever been there before but ended up enjoying my experience. My brother and I brought our kids here and we all enjoyed a tasty breakfast. My pancakes were "melt in your mouth" delicious. The service was fabulous and I felt the place was clean. All the kids gobbled up all their food and had no complaints. The coffee was even impressive!!!  Thanks Villiage Inn for impressing me on a Sunday morning!
1	I have been to Village Inn three times. My first visit was for breakfast. It was horrible. The place is clean, and everyone is friendly but the food is dreadful. Not as bad as Denny's, so if you compare the two, Village Inn scores higher. The next time I went it was strictly for pie and coffee. The pie was okay. Coffee was hideous, but I expected that. Its no wonder they give you the whole pot, why not, its just brown dishwater. They claim some superiority on the pie front, but so does Marie Callendar's and neither thrill me. At this point, had I stopped I could have given the place 3 stars. I am always a glutton for punishment. I went for a late night bite. I don't know why old people eat at these kinds of places. They are not really cheap, and with limited time, why waste any moment eating this? It will surely speed up the inevitable. Which also got me thinking, what if something happened to me after eating this? The coroner would find this in my stomach and you know he would talk about it. The coroner and his assistants would make fun of me cause they found Village Inn in my remains. Its not like I can explain myself, it was late, nothing else was open, it was either this or Wendy's - see what I mean? It can make your life look really bad in one microcosm. The guy on the slab next to you had Morton's earlier, you are laying there with Village Inn. This place is not worth it. Sorry Village Inn, I can't take the risk.
3	In Scottsdale on a business trip, a co-worker recommended we bypass the hotel's cafe and cross the parking lot to hit the Village Inn. It's in the IHOP / Perkins (damn, I miss Perkins)/ Denny's vein - unassuming decor, happy staff, good service, clean, and a wide variety of menu items. They are known for their pies but as this was breakfast I didn't get a chance to sample any (I'm not really a pie guy anyway). The first day we ate in the hotel cafe and paid $22 for 2 medium coffees and a breakfast burrito. At VI, for the about the same money we got:  OJ, 2 coffees, 2 scrambled egg whites with turkey bacon and whole wheat toast, and a VIP Platter of pancakes, bacon and scrambled eggs. Nice bargain. Breakfast was solid if not spectacular. Service was friendly and fast. We went back a second time if that's any indication and I'll go again when I'm back in the area.
3	Biscuits and gravy served anytime.  How can you complain about that?
5	The best breakfast place in Scottsdale! Coffee was super! Huge portions! I never ever finish my meal! Staff is wonderful!
3	We stopped in for breakfast and found the restaurant to be fairly empty.  They were pushing their "specials" pretty hard, and while they looked good, I choose to stick with something else.  It did appear as if we might have been a little forgotten about, but the server was very pleasant and apologized.  Overall it was a very nice experience with good portions and good food.
4	Yeah yeah, it isn't trendy to love the Vill, but I don't care. Their pie is awesome and it's a great place for breakfast. If you wake up hungover and need to scrape the mucous off your brain before another day of holiday weekend debauchery, this is the place to do it.
4	I love this Village Inn... yes, really. It's redesigned with bright colors and quirky artwork that makes it feel fresh and hip. The service is always excellent and the food comes out quickly. And of course, there's free-pie-Wednesday. We're trying to make this our Wednesday night location when we can; order anything to eat and get a piece of pie for free. How can you say no to that?
4	If you visit I'm the morning ask for Beanie to serve you! She is a kick in the pants, right out of a TV sitcom! Great don't mess with me attitude along with great service! Nice, clean, well run location.
2	The food is borderline gross but the pie is amazing!
1	One of the worst pieces of chicken known to mankind was served up last night, along with an inept staff and cashier. The chicken was rubbery and inedible. It was served with a side of fruit that consisted of about 4 chunks of honeydew and two grapes. I actually paid 9 bucks for this garbage. The staff, which consisted of one chunky woman and another person who was not even on the clock, were fools. They could not figure out the register for the order after me and it took her 10 minutes to ring up my food and then since she was serving the entire restaurant by herself, my takeout order got lost in the shuffle. This is a chain, but most people don't realize that, but in the end this is just a bad chain that only hungry travelers who are forced to eat here do.
2	Nice people but little to no service and super SLOW. We ordered coffee and 20 mins later still nothing & our waitress had gone MIA. Clearly they were short staffed but she totally forgot about us. I had to flag down another server to get coffee. 40 mins in and our server brings us coffee but we already had a pot. Food took almost 45 mins, I was worried we wouldn't get it but we did. The food was ok, not that I expected much. But the lack of service was terrible, find a different place to eat.
1	food was barely decent service was not very good at all never get a refill on my soda and the toast I ordered with my breakfast was really just warm bread wish I'd gone somewhere else
1	Why did my date want to meet me here and why do I keep ending up with all the weird women of the world. She actually made a special order for a mini-version of the wheat pancakes that were not on the menu. Ok, fine, but then when they arrive she doesn't eat a bite of it and gets the whole thing to go and says "lately I have been ordering food and not eating it". WTF right? I cannot vouch for the taste of her order, but my order of three buttermilk pancakes continued the trend that the food here stinks. They were $6.49, but the issue was they were grainy and mealy and not fluffy or pancakeish. Another bomb, both the date and the food.
4	Always have great service on Saturday nights! Food is always great! May be a bit slow at times, but I always leave satisfied.
5	Really good food, and friendly employees. Service was fast, and the food was cheap. Definitely coming back:)
5	Great food. Very nice employees. We went here for Breakfast every day that we stayed in Scottsdale. Why pay for stupidly expensive hotel food when you can go 2 miles and get great cheap food.Definitely recommend to anyone!
2	We went in for late snacks at about 12:00 on a Saturday night. The waitress was new and ordered us the wrong food and it took for ever to get to our table. The food was just okay.
3	Service - 4.5Food   Taste - 3   Price - 3Overall, probably would only come back due to convenience of location. Got clam chowder and it was a little on the salty side. Got smothered chicken...super small...iono if it's worth 8 bucks. Their chicken fried steak isn't bad, I would order that again but them again it's the average tasting chicken fried steak...which imo is delicious.
5	This is a great spot that a lot of my friends like to frequent on Saturday night after going to the car show. The servers and managers are all super sweet and if you come more than twice they remember your drinks too. Not a 5 star place by any means but super comfortable place, laid back and the food is exactly what you need after a long evening of hanging with friends!
