4	Yeah...another Macy's.  I can't help it.  The Clearance rack just calls my name, "Sal!  Sal! Sal, we are over here!  And we have low, low prices!"Well, not the lowest prices I have seen at a Macy, and not the best of selections on the clearance racks.  I did happen to find several good Tees that I can wear when I get back to Florida, though.  No way I am wearing them in the weather in PA.  BRRRR.
3	The layout of this Macy's leaves much to be desired.  This major design flaw kept me away from the Waterfront Macy's for a while, but since figuring it out, I've made some great finds.  My advice is to get a Macy's card, and pay it off every month.  With the Macy's card you get quality coupons mailed & e-mailed regularly that can be used in addition to any sales they have going on.  I've never paid full price for anything there!  $600 watch for $300? Yes ma'am!  $300 pearls for $80?  Unpossible you say?  No!
4	Meh, it's Macy's.  What can you say about a department store that is now considered the norm in the Pittsburgh area?  Not much really.  It's nice, it's clean, and it's all by itself.
3	Well, if I can't have my much missed and beloved Kaufmann's I'll begrudgingly take Macy's. Not that there is much price difference, the styles and designer names they each carried were different. This Macy's was a Kaufmann's at one point, which makes it harder for me to forget Kaufmann's. I'm very disappointed in the size of the men's Ralph Lauren section, as well as Nautica. Both are designer names I purchase. Nice men's fragrance section. Macy's does have some nice sales, and it makes sense to shop when they have these big sales which can save you 50-75% off the retail price. I still miss Kaufmann's.
2	This was my first time at Macy's at the Waterfront. Sort of a disappointment....My bff and I were shopping and I was hoping to find some good deals and maybe do a little Christmas shopping. Not the case...Men's Clothing was way, way more than I was willing to fork out. The sales racks were not even 'sale' prices, really. I was also on the hunt for some new bras. I asked the sales clerk for some assistance. No such luck. Her response was that she was new and couldn't help. Maybe I could go down to the next counter and ask another clerk. Here's the thing with that, there was no one else around. Cricket, cricket. I mean, you couldn't even try to help me? In the end, I did end up purchasing some K-Cups, since they were on sale - buy one, get one free. Although, I think I was just super excited to Buy Something that I didn't even stop to think that I still paid $19.99 for two boxes of K-Cups (since I was obviously charged for the higher priced box). The only 'pro' I can say about this store is that it is clean. But it should be, with the lack of traffic......
3	The pros...- Easy parking- Clean store- The cashier took the time to tell me I was missing out on a BOGO deal (totally missed the sign). The cons...- The selection.   I went there for a pair of black slacks.   They had exactly two options in my size - TWO.  In the whole store.  And both were too short.   I'm a normal size, so I cannot believe that I had literally two options.   - The dressing room.  For as clean as the store is, the dressing room is less so...and it smelled like feet and BO.   Glad I only had two options to try on.
