5	What a great find!  We were walking around and just came in thinking we were just going to have coffee.  Somehow we ended up eating and loving it.  I had a vegetarian croque monsieur.  The bread was simply amazing.  I did not want it to end!  The side salad was super fresh and very enjoyable.  Everybody else enjoyed their meals and desserts.  I was so impressed by the bread I had to have a croissant after my lunch and it was delicious.  Very flakey and buttery.  They also have a little gourmet store (well, maybe not so little, we did not go to the upstairs).  The service was very friendly (not always the case in Montreal). We will be back tomorrow morning on our way back to NH to get some bread!---------------------------------------Had to add to the previous:  Went back this morning (4/10/11).  The gentleman that had waited on us (maybe the owner?) seemed so happy to see us again.  He was busy and it took him a while to take care of us but he was so nice about it and even friendlier than yesterday.  We got bagettes, croissants and several salads to go.  Everything was delicious.  All four of us were so impressed.  Definitely will stop by again on our next trip to Montreal!
2	I think the sandwiches and salads I tried here were ok, but overpriced and with subpar/rude service.  Even with horrible service, they tacked on a service charge to the bill.  I think this is the only place on my Canada trip that tacked on their own pre-calculated service charge.I won't be back here.
2	At one of the first terraces, coming from Le Vieux-Port, we sat down on Tuesday 31 st. August. Looked good. Small but fine. They also sell regional products.We had salad, pizza and sandwiches. Was normal. Service as well.We were dissapointed that the bill showed 10% gratuity as if this was for granted. Did us make feel as if we were in France....Were even more dissapointed about the reaction of the manager as I ripped my leg against a dangerously pointing nail from a planter. Although he got a hammer and hammered the nail in the wood, there was no action from his side regarding my bleeding wound. The waitress did what she could.Would not go here again.
1	Cheesy Tourist TrapCashier shortchanged us $5 but we caught it in time to get our money back.  Good but overpriced candies.  Typical tourist cheese: maple syrup candy in shape of leaf etc. Employee dressed in period costume hawking tourists on the street.
1	Terrible. I got a cold onion soup with no cheese and a glass of white wine with ice cubes in it. Nothing else to add.
