5	Phoenix House Painting just completed a complete exterior repaint of my home and I couldn't be more pleased.  I highly recommend them.  The owner, John Morris, is a veteran of the paint industry.  The guys that work for him are smart, efficient, careful and quick. My home looks brand new and the best part is they offer a 10 year warranty on their workmanship and materials. Stop by and take a look.  They are the best !!!
5	Phoenix House Painting just finished a complete exterior repaint of my home.  My overall assessment can be summed up as... SUPERB!  I'm a pretty astute consumer and I can tell you that I held this contractor up to very high standards.Initial Proposal - John, the owner, came and delivered a comprehensive proposal.  He was very thorough in explaining the company background/philosophy, end-to-end process, exact services to be performed, materials used, crew expectations, warranty, etc.  John's delivery was professional and efficient.  He pointed out things that I had not thought of and was sure to answer all of my questions to my satisfaction.  What I appreciated most was that he did not low-brow by bad mouthing his competitors and he never pressured me.  He only offered up the information I needed to make a decision on my own.  While selecting a contractor for something as important as paining my entire house, price, while important, was not my ultimate deciding factor.  I selected Phoenix House Painting because I liked John's presentation above the FIVE other bids I received.  And as it turns out, John's was the lowest bid!  So I got the contractor I wanted and the lowest price of 5 bids.  Win-Win! Crew - My job took 4 complete days with a 3-man crew (+ part-time superintendent).  The crew was awesome!  They showed up on time everyday, they worked their tails off in triple digit temps, and they did it with a great attitude and work ethic.  The guys were professional at all times, polite, and very team oriented.  I never heard any complaining or whining from any of them.  They genuinely seemed to enjoy their work and working with each other.  They were eager to answer any questions I had along the way and were quick to address any paint corrections I pointed out.I highly recommend Phoenix House Painting.  If you are reading this in search of a contractor, I'd suggest you at least give John a shot at your business.  This is exactly how I found them, by reading a review on Yelp.  Feel free to contact me for a recommendation or more info if you like at tvinh74@hotmail.com.
5	Where, oh where, can one find a good painter these days?  Phoenixhousepainting.com That's where.  We did a complete remodel on our winter home and had much of the work done in the summer while we were out of state.  We were totally comfortable with having John manage all of the interior painting in our absence.  We didn't even have to shop for colors.  We went with his suggestions.  We had never considered doing accent walls.  He knew exactly which walls to paint which colors in order to create impressive rooms.  He very patiently and attentively did a walk through with us at the completion of the job.  He answered all of our questions with a very pleasant attitude and had his crew do some additional touch-ups that we had not even noticed.  We were so impressed and satisfied with his pricing that we had the garage interior and the floor painted.  Then we proceeded to have the exterior of the house painted, also.  We feel like we have a brand new house and it looks like it.  Our friends and family are quite impressed.Additionally, we greatly appreciated that John's crew did not have loud music playing all day as they worked.  It is not allowed.   He also does not allow his crew to smoke on the premises.  We highly recommend this company for your painting needs.Janet G.
