1	We spent thousands of dollars with them, and their techs are good guys and get the job done. But their corporate policies are incredibly unfriendly and negative. E.g. we had a loose thermostat (1 of 4 that they installed) and we asked them to come fix it. They charged us $75 for the "service call" and then wanted another $125 for what the tech said would take him less than 10 mins to fix - far shorter than the amount of time I spent on the phone pleading with his boss to simply let the guy fix it. No bending there, they demanded their pound of flesh...and forever lost a customer.
5	When our house was first built in 2005 we had a Freus unit installed. Since that point we have always used Omega AC and have always been really happy with their service. It does not matter if it is on the phone with Christina or Candy or when they guys come up for the service. Unfortunately due to the hard water we have the up keep just got to be too much this week. I came home to a 88 degree home on Tuesday. I called and spoke to Candy at 5:05pm and Chris was out to the house not too much later. He did everything he could to save our system but when the cost of the repair just got to high he helped us talk through it and we opted to go for a new system. We had a very small hiccup the very next day, my appointment was at 12pm but when I came home IT WAS ALREADY IN!!!!   Overall, who can complain about a brand new AC being able to be installed the next day and already have been done in the morning. Unfortunately where I could not be there we could not get it running, but Candy and Chris coordinated a time to come back and we are up and running!!! You guys are awesome! Even though we won't see you as much for our old Freus, I will recommend you to EVERYONE I know!!!Thank you to each and every one at Omega AC - Christina, Candy, Chris, Jose, Gary, Alex (that is everyone I can remember, sorry if I missed anyone).
5	The absolute best. They installed a Freus air conditioner for me several years ago. I had a problem which I was trying to work out with my home warranty company. After six days and precious little action (with outside temps 105-110) I decided to bite the bullet and call Omega. Within an hour and a half a technician was at my house, and within 30-45 minutes of his arrival he had the problem fixed and the A/C running.Ask for Jose. He will fix things right the first time.
