4	I had previously read some mixed reviews of this place and want to give my two cents...Pros: clean, cute casitas with fireplaces (paid a little more for one with a great jacuzzi tub), amazing deal for a weekend getaway, beautiful location in the foothills of the superstition mtns, great golf courseCons: it's a bit dated-looking, the whole lobby/bar/restaurant area could use a makeover, the food is not much better than cafeteria food, service is spottySince I was going for the location and secluded casita, it was just what the doctor ordered!  Next time I will just skip the restaurant; I'll probably avoid that building altogether and enjoy the room and its views.
5	I was invited to my cousins wedding at this lovely location. The resort itself is absolutely stunning!! The grounds are very well kept and the staff is very friendly and helpful.The wedding was held on the golf course and made for an amazing view of the mountains and sunset (which was perfect for this 530 wedding). The area where the reception took place was right below the main restaurant/bar for the resort. the area provided was small but perfect for the amount of people attending (they may have a separate location for bigger parties) there was plenty of room on the dance floor for us to all get-down and boogie! The resort also catered the food and I must say I was very impressed. AS the guests of the party entered the reception area we were greeted with smiles by two young ladies serving finger foods as appetizers. There was a try of baby bruschetta, and crape wrapped asparagus sprinkled with asiago cheese. Both were very good but I must say to the restaurant manager... if this asparagus isn't on your normal menu it should be and ASAP! They were Delicious and everyone really enjoyed them!! For dinner we had the option of a steak which came with a side of mashed potatoes and asparagus or salmon that came with a side of rice pilaf and asparagus. I was lucky enough to try both options and personally i would always pick salmon of steak but this time around I enjoyed the steak much more! My steak was cooked just perfectly but i did hear other guests say there's was a little rare for their liking (I didn't mind it at all). although I didn't have took much connection with much of the staff the ones that were working this party we all extremely nice and helpful! all in all i would defiantly recommend this location to throw and large corporate event or wedding. I'm sure you will be taken care of!
3	Pretty nice resort. We enjoyed having our wedding reception here. It won out as it was the only option close to Boyce Thompson where we held our ceremony. We loved that they allowed dogs! Our pup had a great time. There were some negatives: far walks only partially compensated with golf cart rides, room mix ups, and limited food options.
3	Hubby and I recently spent 2 nights in an outdoor spa casita suite (building 2, room #1012) thanks to a TravelZoo offer that included $100 total in resort credit.  The room was spacious with a small refrigerator and wet bar.  The bathroom was ample but as noted in some previous reviews only featured soap / shampoo from a dispenser, which made utilizing one of the sinks in the double vanity impossible. The TV was an old 19'' tube TV in the very far corner of the room (so disappointing, especially considering the room was supposedly "recently renovated" - what hotel even has tube TV's anymore unless you're staying at the Red Roof Inn or Motel 6?), bed was marginally comfortable but the sheets were old as sin, rough and scratchy (especially near the foot of the bed).  Most importantly, the room was clean and the grounds were well kept.  Our "private" hot tub wasn't quite what I would call private, but we used it nonetheless and enjoyed taking a dip in the evenings after sundown. The room suited our needs for the 2 nights we were there, however I don't believe it is worth the $240 per night price tag it supposedly normally calls for. The $100 resort credit didn't go very far.  We decided to try out the "Bar and Grill" onsite our first night and none of the staff seemed to know what they were doing.  While everyone was nice enough, the prices of the food and drinks were incredibly unreasonable.  I ordered a margarita on the rocks and proceeded to watch the "bartender" pour about 1/2 ounce of tequilla in a tall glass and filled it to the brim with Jose Cuervo margarita mix out of the bottle.  Total charge .... $15 (!).  For $15, I expect a custom made drink featuring more liquor than a half ounce of tequilla and certainly NOT your standard sweet and sour lime mix from a bottle.  Bugga!  Hubby ordered a Long Island Ice Tea and he, too, was given about 1/2 ounce of the four major liquors that go into the drink and it was topped off with lemonade and a splash of coke.  Price = $12.  We stuck to beer from that point and prices were more reasonable at about $4.50 per pint. The food was good but pricey.  I had the lobster tail (fantastic) with the yukon gold mashed potatoes (no taste). $32.  Hubby had the ribeye (tender with good flavor) and the mashed potatoes as well.  $26.  We added the lobster tail to his dinner for an additional $23 and all told (with 2 beers and our two "mixed" drinks) the bill came to $150 (not including tip).  Disappointing, to say the least. We ate dinner the next night at Racks Sports Bar down the road a bit - mixed drinks ran about $5 per and the food was good - stick to the wings and pizza.  All told for our few hours there was less than $60. Would I go back to GCGR?  Only if there was another TravelZoo type offer with a resort credit.  Now that we know what we know, we would pass on any "mixed" drinks in the "bar" and partake elsewhere.
4	Nice stay although Hotwire hit me w extra fee for resort fee. Tv too far from bed and room big so kind of cold. Outside area awesome and course was great to see. I enjoyed staying here. Make sure you can hike a bit w your luggage.
4	STAFF-All of the staff has been amazingly helpful & super friendly.  When calling for room service or additional items extremely fast & super nice. Rooms-Spacious, clean, nice additional things like patio with fire pit, spacious shower & bathroom.  Only thing wrong was refrigerator didn't really get things cold. POOL-kids have loved it however a bit cold. Not sure if it's heated. RESTAURANT-breakfast brunch/Buffet good but not much selection.  Had supper here also & it was awesome. A bit pricey, choice of potato/side & salad should be included in meal price not ala carte. Overall this has been one of the most enjoyable resorts/Hotels I have been To in a very long time. Front desk staff told me about specials & deals that they didn't have to & that is much appreciated when you have kids & are on a budget.
5	The room accommodations were great and staff genuinely friendly. The location isn't the greatest with very few upscale shops and restaurants. A variety of fitness equipment makes it well worth the stay.
4	Hotel very good and very good location, close to shops and the Staple Center. Parking inside the hotel quite convenient, but a little expensive. The facility, which sits on top of the building is very good and has great view. The hotel restaurant is also good and not too expensive. We take breakfast at Starbucks, it has one inside the hotel.
