4	When I heard a BBQ joint was opening in Uptown, my reaction was "oh good, that'll be convenient - I hope it's decent." On the first visit I was shocked to find it's actually excellent 'Q! The pulled pork had a really nice smokey flavor, and the sauce selection was really on par (I'm a vinegar-based fan myself). I would say that quality and taste-wise, Mac's is the most comparable. Is it better than Mac's? I'm not prepared to make that judgement yet, but it's saying a lot that I didn't walk away thinking "Mac's is better."Oh, and based on our server's recommendation and the menu's confidence (it is listed as "Best Mac and Cheese"), I got the Mac and Cheese. I have to say, in a city with a LOT of really good Mac and Cheeses, I was thrilled to discover this one really is outstanding. The staff was friendly and knowledgeable (surprising given the place just opened), the atmosphere is pretty chill and fun, and the bars (plural) look prime for game watching. I was also impressed by the draft selection, with the best-of-the-best domestics and imports right along with some excellent local brews from OMB and NoDa Brewing. If a few weeks pass and this place lives up to the promise I think it has, this review ought to get bumped up to a 5 star.
4	I met up here with a couple of friends of mine for lunch.  The decor was very suitable for the locale.  While we were here, we got to sample some brisket prepped a couple of different ways.  Both were excellent and offered very distinct flavor profiles!I ordered the pork plate with mac & cheese and BBQ slaw.  The slaw was very fresh and tangy.  The mac and cheese was absolutely creamy and delightful.  And the pork...  it was most excellent!  Wish I would've gotten a little bit more bark on my plate, but that's not a huge deal.  We got to talk with the owner and the pitmaster.  Everyone was very helpful and polite.  I hope they continue the good work as they ramp up for prime time!A review with pictures can be found at http://www.bigwaynerbbq.com/2012/01/26/gettin-my-q-on-at-queen-city-q/
4	Bring on the BBQ!  I was intrigued by Queen City Q as it continued its transition from LaVecchias and whatever the steak place was called that was around for about 2.5 seconds.  Having spent four years in Texas, I'm always on the lookout for some down home cookin'.  The decor is very casual, leveraging the same footprint LaVecchia's left, but adding small country touches like wraught iron and old wood accents.  Plenty of tables, but also enough space between so we didn't feel completely on top of those next to us.  The actual menu was a bit different from their online menu, so don't get your heart set on anything too soon.  I went with a friend for lunch, and both of us were very happy with the experience.I ordered the 1/4 plate chicken entree, and the chicken was so juicy, I wanted to cry.  Seriously, I don't know how they did it, but I've never before had chicken so moist.  Accompanying my delicious bird wasTexas toast and two sides; I chose my BBQ staples: green bean casserole and macaroni & cheese.  The green bean casserole was lovingly enveloped in a light sauce, with a final touch of cheddar and fried onion crunchy topping.  The macaroni and cheese was also top notch.  Nothing was overly greasy or heavy, and I felt very satisfied and full with my portion size.  My friend ordered the brisket sandwich (yes to the grilled onion topping) with BBQ slaw and said it was great (although he was surprised by the open face-ness of his sandwich).  Worth noting: someone across the restaurant got what appeared to be housemade chips, and I almost walked over, introduced myself, and started eating off his plate - they looked that good.  And was that a blue cheese dipping sauce with it?  If not, get on that, Queen City Q.When I received the bill, there was a $3 surcharge for white meat with the chicken; I hadn't noticed that extra fee anywhere on the menu, so I asked about it.  Turns out they typically charge that for the 1/2 order of chicken, so our waitress took it off before running my card.  I appreciate her taking it off, but I've got to wonder why it was there anyway, since I neither had been told about the extra cost (the menu gives the option of white/dark), nor had I ordered the 1/2 plate.  Makes me wonder if it was an honest mistake or an attempt to make a few extra dollars.That being said, my experience was delightful.  Way to go, pitmasters!
3	Very excited to try this new spot Uptown on 6th right next to Brixx.  Heard a lot of buzz so the boyfriend and I went in on an off night to see how we rated the Q. They didn't change the layout so much from La Vecchia's.  Bars are still in the same spots, they have booths and tables and high-tops available too.  A number of large TVs make it seem like a cool place to watch the game.  Outdoor seating will be great in the summer!!  Close to the arena this place will be hoppin during basketball season!The interior seems lighter and brighter now - super cool red walls and Western-y decor.  Firewood for the smoker (I didn't see it but I didn't really look) on display visibly in the dining room!  Each table has on it several sauces to try.  I had the BBQ platter which came with two sides - I tried the macaroni and cheese and the green bean casserole.  The pork was smokey and tender.  I like to eat mine sans sauce to really taste the flavor.  But I did try the sauces, there was a mustard-y one, regular and a spicy one.  All were very good if you are a sauce person.  The macaroni and cheese was creamy and delish!  The green bean casserole was savory and had tons of fried onions on top.  All portions - super plentiful.  Probably they will validate your parking if you ask - for the parking garage.  We walked so we weren't in need.So I will definitely be back to this great spot!  Super convenient and very nice service.  Best Q in Charlotte?  Sorry that honor still goes to Midwood Smokehouse.  But this establishment definitely tops Macs in all areas.  I want to try the brisket next!  If their brisket comes close to Midwood then there could be a tie......
4	I'm a fan for sure.  I love the laid back atmosphere.  Me and the girlfriend hit this place up on a rather dead Monday night but that didn't stop the great service or freshness of food to our table.  Service was very attentive and experienced.  The food was fantastic as well.  I order the shrimp po'boy sandwich and it was the size of my head!  I like that, have I told you I like to eat lately? I do.  It was really good, can't complain one bit.  The girlfriend actually got a plate of the pulled pork and I stole a bite off her plate (sneaky).  It was good, smokey, moist, etc.  All things as it should be.  Seeing as how this place is the newest of a few uptown BBQ places that are popping up uptown I think I will certainly be back for more.PS.  Midwood is still my #1, sorry but it's true.  I have to get in my car to get there though :)
3	I enjoyed my first visit to Queen City Q, with its generous and tasty portions and quick, friendly service.The open dining room offers a casual setting. The bar seats about a dozen, and there are several TVs around the perimeter for easy game/event viewing.I had the classic pulled pork sandwich--the tender pork being so plentiful I had to ditch the bun (good, I'm sure) in favor of a fork and knife. Your choice of sauce awaits on the table. Luckily, I had just enough room after the main event for a side of their "best" mac and cheese and light, crispy coleslaw. The beer list was solid and offered a nice spread of N.C. brews. Our server was friendly and efficient.For me this was a quick walk from Time Warner Cable Arena (right off the light rail line, too) and an inviting post-game-chow option. It's a nice casual dining addition to the Uptown area.
2	Tagged along with a friend to try this place out the first week it opened. Perhaps it was just the opening week kinks, but overall it was all sorts of "Meh".Prior to its inception, everyone had been raving about Queen City Q because it is apparently the brainchild of the same person who founded Mac's. This may seem sacreligious to all a' y'all, but I've always found Mac's to be vastly overrated amongst the local Barbecue community ::dodges rotten tomatoes and pulled pork being tossed in general direction:: Sorry! I just think there are better options out there. (See: Bobbee O's, Midwood Smokehouse)Still, I approached Queen City Q with an open mind and an open heart. After al, I love me some barbecue! I ordered the pulled pork sandwich with the "best Mac and Cheese". The pork, while plentiful on the portions, was nothing to write home about. Just your basic pulled pork, with the Uptown prices. The "best" Mac and Cheese? Hardly. Pretty arrogant of a place that just opened to call run of the mill Mac and Cheese the 'best' on their menu. My friend had the beef brisket, which was decent (again, I've had better), and we were offered a sample of their St. Louis pork ribs which were great for the price (free!), but were greasy and fatty -- I don't see myself paying the $12+ to get it for an entree.In short, Queen City Q isn't terrible, but what it lacks is the "I'm definitely going back for......!!!" factor. For everything I tried there, I thought to myself how it tasted better at Midwood Smokehouse, just a mere 2 miles up the road.Will I go back? I'm not hurrying to go, but I'm sure I will find myself there again for whatever reason. They did seem to have a very good beer selection, although I wasn't drinking this particular evening. To win me over, however, they are really going to need to step their game up with their food, and then I will gladly re-review.
5	I'm quite surprised that more good BBQ doesn't exist in Charlotte! I would have thought, Southern city = Great BBQ. Well, not the case here in Charlotte, until now that is.Queen City Q is really a great BBQ joint. I had their Brisket for lunch, and let me tell you that it was AWESOME! Super tender, melt in your mouth, and very flavorful!!! Had Mac and Cheese on the side and viola! there was some great BBQ!Come to find out that it was THESE owners that started Mac's BBQ. BUT, they left to start their own BBQ joint because the owners of Mac's just didn't adhere to the vision. We've been to Mac's, and felt that their BBQ just didn't cut it. And in comparing the 2 briskets, it was UNFAIR, because Queen City Q's knocked out Mac's with one punch!Thankfully, Queen City Q is walking distance from my Uptown office. Hopefully, others will discover this great BBQ joint. It is off the beaten path, but WELL worth it. Go check it out for yourself. You'll be glad you did!
4	Doesn't appear to really be NC style bbq but that doesn't mean it isn't good!!! I had ribs and sampled some of my friends brisket. The ribs were pretty tasty while the brisket was a little dry. The sides weren't bad either.Purists probably aren't in to Queen City Q but I liked my ribs and the beer selection was solid so I can't complain.
4	Mmmhmm. Sit me in a comfortable but modern atmosphere, and give me a toasty plate of pulled pork barbecue with two delicious sides and I am one happy camper. Queen City Q is certainly making its way into my top choices for barbecue in Charlotte. And that is no easy task! Allow me to break it down for you...The space: It's quite expansive with lofty ceilings, a large bar, and plenty of high tops and booths. And, they validate parking in the adjacent lot, so no worries about paying an arm and a leg to get your Q! The service: Quick, efficient and friendly on all accounts.The barbecue: Succulent, tender pulled pork in a delicious sauce. Plus, there are four sauces on the table, so whichever region of 'cue you long for, you can make happen. The sides: I selected the mac 'n cheese and edamame and corn salad. Both were equally tasty...especially the corn salad. Hey - I needed something healthy-esque on the plate! The price: Super affordable and fair. Considering that Uptown offers a dichotomy of restaurants, upper crust or quick sandwiches, Queen City Q is a nice respite in regards to both price and environment. Viva la Q!
5	Wow...way better than expected.  Tasty food, great portions, and affordable.  Solid beer selection as well.
4	So i recieved a text that my old roomate was working there.  She told me I had to stop in.  We were seated rather quickly and the waitress even turned the knicks game on for us.  As my friend and I must try to the wings everywhere, we didn't stop here. We did 6 Po Po wings and 6 jamiacan jerk.  Can I say the Po Po wings are the best wings I have ever eaten in Charlotte?  Well screw you I just did boom!  The jamiacan weren't that bad either as they didnt have that over chivey taste.  Unfortunately we both ordered the brisket ( i would have liked to see another entree), but it worked out in a way.  The sweet potato fries were amazing and the brisket was cooked very well.  We marveled at how well the brisket was.  The only problem I had was the suace was a little too tangy, but my friend thought it was great.  To each their own I guess.  The price wasn't too bad and this will def be a place i repeat.  The only problem I had was parking as there was no parking on any roads that day.
5	Very nice place to eat. Food was great, prices reasonable and service fantastic.
5	Literally the best BBQ I've ever had in my life, I savored every single bit of the Super Q (yes, I took it down all by myself!), absolutely phenomenal brisket, sausage, chicken, and pulled pork.  Highly highly recommend, service is fantastic as well, it is reason enough for me to visit Charlotte!
4	This is amazing BBQ.  I will be back!
4	Checked this place out last night with a bunch of Twitter peeps and was really pleasantly surprised! It's got that slick downtown look but the kitchen is kicking some amazing pulled pork sliders! They weren't the shredded up, over-sauced bit I've come to associate with pulled pork--these were closer to sliced pork, with a tangy cabbage/greens topping and were simply tasty. At $2, pretty darn big, too. I ruined mine by trying to eat with a knife and fork though; just hoist it up by hand, potential sauce stains be damned. Fries are crispy and well-seasoned too, and look to be hand cut.The owner has a great backstory as well--I was told he went out of his way to hire people who were unemployed. Not transitioning to another job, but who had been looking unsuccessfully for work for months. Well, he sure picked the right ones because the food is great, the staff is friendly and the service is quick. This is going to be a lunchtime staple.And it's right off the seventh street station, so you don't have to futz about parking, but if you do, they validate?? Love!
4	Surprisingly they offer great veggie/seafood options for those who do not eat land animals. I highly recommend the shrimp and tuna tacos. Flavorful and filling. I usually order their green bean casserole as the side and that alone can fill you up since it's baked with a ton of cheese. Their mac & cheese is pretty decent too. Don't skip dessert. Banana bread pudding is a must. Service is prompt and it hasn't been too full or packed when I've gone.
4	This place was advertising at the Checkers game last weekend so we decided to check it out after the dismal loss we had just witnessed. After eating there I can tell you I will definitely be back (probably after going to hockey or basketball games).Our waitress was really nice and super attentive but not in that "if she asks me one more time if i need a refill i will lose it right here" sort of way, and our food came out to us really quickly. Now usually when my food comes out that fast I question whether or not I should eat it, but I was starving and it turned out to be a good choice in the end. I got the BBQ tacos with mac and cheese and enjoyed it, but added some extra sauce to the tacos myself. They have a few sauces on the table to choose from, which I really appreciated. It was also cheap and my friend was able to get wasted without spending too much money.
4	Yum!  We went on a Friday and there was quite a bit of the happy hour crowd in the bar area, while the restaurant area was pretty sparse.Now, not being a native to Charlotte the word "BBQ" to me hasn't meant pulled pork, it's meant any kind of meat grilled and slathered in BBQ sauce.  So for me when I think of BBQ I think of ribs.  Delicious, juicy, sweet and tangy ribs.  The St. Louis style ribs here are quite tasty (if a little more peppery than I prefer) and slathered in sauce and totally reasonably priced.  I ordered a medium plate but could have done fine with a small plate.  The mac and cheese was totally tasty, and of course the sweet potato fries that are all the rage right now were tasty too.  They have this absurd meat plate where you can get 4 kinds of meat and 2 sides, my cousin had that and was basically immobilized (in a good way).It's totally a nice, clean, casual place to have bbq and brew.  And for the fam factor: no proper changing table, but there was a little bench by the door in the ladies room where I could feed and change my baby in peace.  I love the little touches like that which make a place more family friendly.
4	I went here just last night for the Queen City BBQ, Bourbon, and Beer Festival. I don't think it really was a festival though. I imagine the rain had something to do with it, so there was not crowd-gathering corn hole tournament. To be honest, upon walking into the restaurant, it didn't seem like there was a special event going on. There was an impromptu table topper with the specials. I was really happy with my meal: a crunchy, coleslawy shrimp taco, bbq slider, sweet crispy potato fries and a beer flight. The bbq was smokey and toasty. I tried some of the eastern sauce (NC style vinegar) and it was missing a little pizzaz but was still a great compliement. Very good local and craft beer selection. Considering there was live music, it wasn't crazy loud just a guy playing some other guy's tunes. The space was not at all like any bbq place I've been to. Not at all smokey, carpeted, or lodge-like. It seemed like they should open it up as a dance hall on weekends. I really think a contra caller would set this place off.Be sure to park in the 7th st. station parking deck!! Other decks won't take Queen City's validation... That may or may not be a well known fact
5	BBQ as good as it gets in the Queen City! I would eat pulled pork and ribs every single day of my life if I could and Queen City Q is just another reason to do so. I'm going to skip all the nonsense and get right to the food. The wings are my favorite by far and not because the pork, ribs or brisket aren't just as good but because I am obsessed with grilled wings. Their wings at "The Q" are slow-smoked and grilled so they have that perfect charred crispiness on the skin and the meat that just falls off the bone. My favorite sauce on the wings is their Super Hot BBQ but beware!: It's pretty spicy!The pork is very tender and fills you up easily. The sauces served on the table for you to slather on your good pork eats are finger-lickin' good. The side dishes are a-plenty (there are about a dozen) and my favorites are the mac-n-cheese (duh) and the corn maque choux. (It's a spicy corn. If you've read my reviews you know I get down with the spice!) I personally thought the baked beans were a little too tomato-based for me and the green bean casserole was too cheesy but I've seen some people throw down on that stuff.The ribs are also another fave of mine. I usually don't order ribs too much when I go out but I had these the first time here and continue to order them almost every time I go back. The meat is incredibly tender, the sauce is sweet and you can taste the smoked goodness in every bite.I haven't had too much of the menu here because I find it difficult to stray from the best of what I've found so far. I did, however, try the banana pudding. Oh man, was it good! Next time, I'll be sure to try the caramel bread pudding.. I'm sure I need that like another hole in my head but why not?!*Warning: If you come here to eat on the healthier side, you ain't doin' it. It would be more of a disgrace to come to a BBQ place like this and WANT to eat lean. The service is very attentive and every waitress I've had has been very sweet. The decor is like uptown barn chic with rich, red walls and wooden tables and booths.  The dining room is very comfortable but it's HUGE! The Q is located where old Lavecchia's used to reside in the 7th St. Station building across from the arena. If you aren't in here during lunch when it's slammed it may seem a little slow but only because it's such a huge space to fill. Another great bonus: They have a massive beer selection! I don't take advantage of this enough, unfortunately, because I'm always a fatty when I go here and just throw down on BBQ. The 2 bars are loaded with dozens of bottled beers (each priced around 4 or 5 bucks) and a pretty hefty draft selection as well. You would have to come here several times to try the majority of their beers!Queen City Q is a must for lunch if you work nearby in the uptown area: Super quick service and food delivery when you're on a tight schedule.It's also great for before or after a Bobcats/Checkers game or concert at the arena. *They validate parking for free so it's actually cheaper to pop in even for one beer to get that ticket stamped!Or you can make a fun sports night of this place too. They have quite a number of TV's so you can easily enjoy apps and entrees while sipping on delicious beers and watching a game.If the weather is warm, there is also a bangin' patio right on 6th street for people-watching and sun-basking. I could definitely see myself enjoying a few brews out there with friends on a pretty day!Bottom line, peeps: You can't go wrong here... especially if you're a BBQ nut like myself! I seriously crave their smoked goodies on a weekly basis.
2	Disappointed - I only had their wings though.  I read one review where it said the wings were slow cooked and the meat falls off so I was hoping it would be as good as McKoy's wings on South blvd.  I live down the street so I was hoping for something closer. I called in for take out and was recommended the jamacian jerk and chipolte apricot flavors.  I brought the order home, opened it and found the majority of the wings were burnt.  Now I'm a guy that usually likes wings a little dried out and don't mind it a little burned.  It's too bad the flavors were also very bland.  I wasn't even sure which flavor was which.  The wings don't really seem like it was slowed cooked either, just seemed like regular wings.  I probably would have been better off getting wings from Fuel Pizza.  One good thing is they gave me two large blue cheese jars with the wings.  I guess they know you would need a lot to cover the burnt taste and the lack of flavor.  They also have a lot of different beers so it might be a cool place to drink.  That also leads to me believe the reviewers that liked the wings were drunk.  Not sure if I want to even go back for anything else.  If it's southern comfort food, Merts has them beat and it's right around the corner.  I had high hopes since it's close to me...disappointing
3	BBQ isn't bad. The homemade hot sauce lacks flavor and spiciness for me, but the meat -- pulled pork in particular -- is worth the trip. The po boy wasn't bad either. I like coming here for happy hour. The pork sliders are the best. The free validated parking next door is a bonus. Service is SLOW . . , very, very slow.
4	Been twice now. Simply amazing. The Q is the best i have had since moving to CLT   2+ years ago. And I have tried a lot. I get the sample platter. Huge does't begin to describe it. Choice of 4 of their various meats on the platter.  With or without sauce it can't beat. Fantastic beer list to wash it all down too. Free parking also a plus if you park in the garage above the restaurant. . Only reason i do not give 4 stars is the service is slow and lacks attention to the diner.
4	Finally a Barbeque place in Charlotte that doesn't just focus on barbecue being a noun.  This place has all kinds of barbequed meats, even excluding their acclaimed Carolina style barbeque, (which is a noun).  This was my second time eating here, but the first time I only had a chicken sandwich and mac and cheese (both of which were fresh and delicious).  This time we shared a Queen City sampler which included some killer St. Louis style ribs, a decent piece of barbecued chicken, a good sausage, and some tender brisket.  I also had the mac and cheese again along with some green bean casserole. Our service was mostly good but got a little slower the longer we were there as the place got crowded for a Charlotte Checkers event.  It is a great pre-game spot with plenty of local beers on tap, all of which are $3 on Fridays.  All in all, Queen City Q is a pretty good barbecue place uptown, and it is nice to see a restaurant finally doing well in this location.
5	Went Saturday night for my third time.  Again, the Q was simply amazing. I have said it all before so  I will stop there. My combo platter was huge so I just had the leftovers and had to write again.  So good. Sat at the bar and had terrific service. I love their beer list. It's huge. Fabulous Q, great beer to wash it down.Even free parking.  Heaven.
1	The hostess managed to avoid eye contact with us and the rest of the line at the door for at least 10 minutes. When we were finally seated our appetizer came out way before our drinks. We should have savored those first drinks because we wouldn't see our waitress again until we begged another server for waters 30 minutes later.  We did ask to speak to a manger. He never came by. On the way out we went over to the manager and asked to speak with him. He said he didn't have time. The food isn't bad. It's a shame they can't take care of their customers, we will never be back.
1	Horrible. Steer clear until managers hire more staff. Waited over 15 min at the bar without acknowledgment. Were seated by the kitchen-lots of food waiting to be delivered. 15 min later most of that food was still there and we hadn't gotten as much as a turned head from anyone. Those poor girls working (we saw 3 waitresses) were doing the whole floor by themselves. Looking around I didn't see a single smiling face. We left through a crowd of waiting customers- who hopefully had enough sense to get their parking validated like we did before leaving...
1	Regrettably, I can't say anything about the food because we waited so long we eventually gave up. I had to wait at the bar for 20 minutes just to get a beer and there wasn't much of a line! One owner (who had to bartend) didn't even apologize to patrons as they stormed out. When the wait staff tell you "most everyone quit that morning because of poor employee treatment", you know you're in for quite a night! Sadly, I would advise to steer clear until they get their act together. Good luck to Q!
4	Made it in for an early lunch and was astounded at how packed it was. A sea of biz casual gents at every table, bar seat, high-top and even a few waiting. Not the common tale for a lunch crowd, so I was intrigued to try me some BBQ. The space is rather large. Tons of tables in the main dining area, two separate bars with ample seating and even a private dining area with space for about 25-30. The service was very snappy. Quick, friendly and knowledgeable. Our server seemed to be able to carry 3 pitchers at a time and still pour sweet tea into our glasses! They've definitely hired some seasoned employees. I ordered the open faced brisket sandwich. A gratuitous portion of brisket on texas toast. Very simple, which I appreciate, and no frills to try and mask the flavor of the meat. Just some grilled onions on top for good measure. The brisket was tender and smoky. It's impressive to me that a place in Uptown is actually smoking their meats. Not an easy feat and only attempted and successfully executed by a handful of joints in town. My hat's off to QCQ for this one. Served open-faced, but easily picked up and smashed into your face for the more adventurous. The beans were ok. Nothing special. I did appreciate the inclusion of Neese's sausage. Standard for some bacon or a few bits of pork fat in beans, but sausage? That's a high-five all around. Great job, QCQ! I'll be back!
2	If you can wait long enough to order, you will be very pleased with the food!  The wait is the hardest part..... sat down with a group of 6 and it was 10min before a waitress came to get our drink order.  It was then another 20min before she came back for our food order.  Finally after 50min of waiting we were served our food...... but never got a drink refill.  Only reason we stayed is the conversation took our minds off the hunger and time.Food was good though!  I had the pulled pork plate which was good and the eastern bbq was good too (though would have preferred to seen some Lexington BBQ sauce).  Portion was a great value for the price.I had onion rings and fries as a side.  Onion rings were good, but not the normal rings I would have expected.  These were really thick cuts, but good.If they can figure out the service I look forward to eating here again and trying some of the other BBQ options.
4	Queen City Q is a fairly recent addition to the Charlotte BBQ scene. Located close to the 7th St. light rail stop, it's a perfect place to ride & dine. A few weeks ago Calvin and I walked uptown from our house, participated in a twilight 5K race and had a great dinner here before taking the train back home. If you don't live close enough to walk or take the train, parking is validated in the adjacent deck. In addition to a huge indoor dining room and full bar, there is a nice patio where we sat.We decided to share an order of the onion rings appetizer and The Q Platter - you could choose up to 4 meats but since we love BBQ pulled pork we doubled up on that and had the brisket and the ribs as well. All of the meats were smoky, succulent and tasty, particularly the St. Louis ribs. It was also a portion big enough for a third person!Queen City Q has a wide variety of sides including all of the usual suspects plus a few innovative additions like corn & edamame salad. Our chosen sides, mac & cheese and BBQ slaw, were good choices but I'd like to return to try the greens and sweet potato fries. Salads and tacos, two types of chili and Brunswick stew are also offered. I also like that they include Texas toast with the entrees - yum! I look forward to dining here again and trying more menu items!
5	GREAT BBQ WITH FRIENDLY, GOOD SERVICE!Was in Charlotte last week for a conference and being a BBQ fanatic, I always look for the local places. I came across Queen City Q on Yelp. I read the reviews and although some were unflattering, my wife and I decided to try it for ourselves.  Were we glad we didn't pay much attention to the reviews. We went there in the afternoon to see if we wanted to comeback for dinner. What we found were very friendly staff and a nicely laid out restaurant which the great smell of BBQ.  So later in the day, we went for dinner and brought a friend. We got right in at about 6:30 on Friday. They were busy, but had a few tables open. The service was very good and friendly.Now the food. The ribs were delicious! They were smokey but also finished on the grill with a nice crispy finish. Just the way I like them. They didn't fall off the bone which is a no-no in the world of BBQ.  We also had the wings, brisket and sausage. All had a great smokey flavor and the 4 different sauces complimented the meat instead of over powering it. The sides were good as well. The meat was tender and very tasty.  I told my wife if I would have eaten there earlier in the week, I would have been back several times during the week. I'll be back in Charlotte next year and the Queen Q will be a must stop place!
4	My 6 & 9 year old nephews would argue the reason to come to Queen CityQ is because of the Mac n' Cheese. They aren't wrong, what is often anafter thought at other barbecue restaurants is art here. The macaroniis never watery, the cheese is consistent thru the dish & there's justa touch of crust on top.You may think I'm ignoring the meat of the issue. Pardon the pun. TheQ slow smokes the meat that you will smell driving up 7th St parkingdeck (yes they validate). Rather than start a religious war amongstthe regional styles The Q serves the hand pulled pork naked andprovides, eastern, western, South Carolina mustard and their own housesauces. Pork isn't the only option here there's brisket, ribs, chicken& local sausages. If you're real hungry pick 3 or4 for a platter. Youcan bring your vegetarian friends to choose from the variety of sides.If you're in a different mood get the flying tuna tacos with Asianslaw. There's plenty of craft beer to wash down your choice.Inside you'll find the place is rustic upscale combining local barnbeams as accents to a casual seating area reflective of the uptownlocation.
1	All I can say is check your receipt and accounts I visited as an out of town guest and was charged four times my check and when I contacted the resturant I was told I couldn't speak to a manager because it was the lunch hour rush and they would have to call me back needless to say the issue never got resolved through them and I had to go through my bank I will never visit here again and the food wasn't that great neither was the service the only good thing was they validated the parking so it was free
4	While I was in town for the Democratic National Convention, I made it a point to eat as much BBQ as I could.  Queen City Q was easily my go-to place within walking distance of my hotel to grab an authentic bite of Carolina BBQ.Each visit, I ordred the barbecue pork sandwich with a side of sweet potato fries and a sweet tea.  The texture of the pork was tender and the flavor tasty, but what really made the sandwich was the homemade savory and sweet sauce.  If they sold it in a bottle, I would have purchased a few bottles to take home with me.  Their prices are also quite reasonable.The next time I have a serious hankerin' for some BBQ, I'm heading to Queen City Q in Charlotte.
1	Working at the Time Warner Cable Arena, we are unable to leave and get lunch on long work days. Aside from eating the arena food (yuck) this is our only option. We ordered a large delivery order from this place ($122 order) and after placing the order they stated that there was a $25 delivery fee even if we are across the street. Once it was delivered, there were missing items and when we called back to see where our missing item was they said they wouldn't deliver it to us and we had to walk across the street and get it ourselves. Needless to say they won't be getting our services again.
5	Best BBQ joint in Charlotte! The Mac n Cheese is amazing and they have a great selection of local draft beers. Anyone staying in uptown and looking for some southern BBQ, must stop by QCQ!
3	Only had apps (slider pork sandwiches).  Service was good, pork was ok, but had better BBQ.
4	I have came here a few times and I think it's time to have an overall opinion of this place.Food 4 starsThey just made some changes to the menu, which is quite extensive for a BBQ joint.  Their wings are among my favorites (if not THE favorite). They are big and meaty and grilled. And even better, 6 for $5 (or 50 cents each on late night bar menu). Buffalo was good but I like the chipotle apricot best.  The chili is different; it was made with chunk of meats... More sweet than savory but still awesome for a cold night. The bacon devil eggs are easy to be consumed: open mouth, pop one in.  They can fill it up a little more but it is an appetizer. And the newest addition to the app menu is the giant hush puppies.  And they are good... Honey butter makes it even better. The kitchen that started Macs is behind this joint.  While I was never a big fan of macs, I am pleased by this place.  Their smoked chicken is moist (I had dark meat). Brisket is a thick slice type.  My only suggestion is for the sauce to be toned down a little since they do have sauces to be used at table.  Some side items are lacking in the wow factor, but then I am a tough judge on Mac and cheese (and onion rings were a little bland too). I do LOVE the corn, which tastes even better the next day.  Service 3 starsWhile I never had bad services here, I find the waitresses to be a little lacking in enthusiasm. On my first visit I was asking for input on what to order, which I think for a newer joint like this, a convincing (and honest) suggestion from the wait staff can go a long way.  Same with beer suggestion. People, this place has a beer selection!  Again, the bartender has always been ok, but an extra wow factor can make a difference. Location/Atmosphere 3.5 starsThis used to be levacchia. Inside space arrangement hasnt changed much. Making it a little nicer and bigger than what you think a BBQ joint should be.  It is huge frankly.  It is right next to the light rail stop.  They validate parking which is great for arena events. A little disclaimer: I met the owners, who invited a few people to taste the new menu.  Is my review skewed because of it.  Never. But I learned a few things about the place and felt the heart they put into everything.  And it makes me want to see this place strives. I mean, they actually promise they will always have the Panthers games on, with volume!Come and try them out.Budget conscious alert: 3 words. LATE NIGHT MENU. 2 more words. DRINK SPECIALS. After 9 or 9:30pm. I know y'all are not in bed yet.  Oh wait, 2 more words. FREE PARKING!
4	Drove here straight from the airport during my first visit to the Queen City.  Was not disappointed.  I asked for some West Coast style IPAs, and they offered some local options that were decently hoppy.  Sat at the bar and enjoyed meeting retired jocks from Chicago and Dallas.  I opted against the sampler plate and went for a full order of the ribs.  Definitely the way to go.  I really love the vinegar-based BBQ sauces in North Carolina.  Prices are a bit upscale, but the overall atmosphere is worth it.  I can understand the complaints on service, while not the case for me, I had to advocate for some other patrons getting ignored.  Would definitely go back when in town, and think y'all are lucky to have another BBQ option in Charlotte.
3	I ate here the first time while visiting Charlotte. After that first time, I probably would have rated this 4 stars. My fiance and I promised each other that we'd come back to try some of the other things on the menu. We came back a few more times since moving here. Those experiences lowered it to 3 stars. The BBQ is good. The tacos are an interesting idea, but didn't blow me away. The burgers are burgers. We'll go back some day, but until I try some of the other options in this city, I'm not going out of my way to make it here.
4	Queen City Q certainly knows how to cook up an animal but I think it says more that our vegetarian friend loved it too.  Sure, the pulled pork is delicious.(I like to coat it in both the PoPo and Q Pork sauces for maximum flavor.) So are the sausage and the chicken. The ribs are tasty, though they often have broken bones. The brisket...usually too fatty for me but the parts that are meat are alright.  If it's your first time out I highly suggest getting a Q platter to split with someone(s) so you can try many meats. But the sides. Oh, the sides.GET THE BAKED BEANS!That deserved its own paragraph. They have sausage so they aren't veggie, but they are amazing and I want to bathe in them. The green bean casserole is great and has a little kick. I'm not a huge baked mac and cheese fan but I always seem to steal some off someone else s plate. I have it on good authority that the hush puppies are also a winner. Beer is a side too, right? Because they have lots of it and the tap list is always dotted with local choices, often of the harder to find variety. All in all, the Q Is a great place to go if you have a hankerin' for a meal that will stick to your ribs and put a smile on your sauce-covered face.Also, they validate parking in the garage next door, so fear not about uptown parking, even on Bobcats game days.
2	Food. Order the 4 choice of meat ( brisket, rib, sausage, pork ), fried pickle, Mac and cheese, green beans. Food was better than the last BBQ place I had gone to, but hey I'm from Texas I know what real BBQ taste like. The brisket was good, everything else was meh. Mac and cheese was not great, fried pickle was good. Service was horrible, i didn't get to put in my drink order, she left to get the first order of drink rather than waiting for 3 people to put in a request. When we were done eating our food we were waiting to get our server attention to get a to go box. But what was funny how we asked a server who wasn't our server,didn't want to get it for us.  He pointed where our server was, who happen to see she should attend our services. Not only that but our server was so stupid that when we asked for the check she said can I get you another beer. Had you checked on us earlier maybe, but not when we asked for the check. Duh, common sense.Servers eat in front of the customers, they mingle and drink in front of our faces and you see the hostess flirting with the bar backs. Had I known this was a mingle for people who hated their jobs and wanted to hang out, I would have gotten my food to go and and not see a social place where people just want to sleep with each other after work. P.s we were the only table they were serving!
4	Another satisfying trip to the Q.A friend flew in for Thanksgiving weekend and we went directly from the airport the Wedenesday evening before the big day.  We're both from Milwaukee, WI and you cannot find even decent BBQ to save your life there.  Thankfully I moved here 3 years ago and was saved.  I have been bragging about the BBQ here ever since and my buddy insisted I put up or shut up.As usual, the Q was spot on.  We both had the combo platters.  My wingman could not believe what  he saw when they brought the plates.  As i have said before, HUGE.  We both had pork, brisket, ribs, and sausage.  Amazing.  An I am almost embarrased to admit we both ate our whole platteres.  Yum.  Plenty of sides to choose from to suit your liking.  I always find them great but almost uneeded because I am so happy with eating the meats.  But I said almost.  I ate all that too.  And of course I must comment on the beer.  The list is simply incredible.  BBQ and Beer.  A match made in heaven.I see a lot of complaints about the service.  I found it barely acceptable my first time there as well.  The solution:  Sit at the bar.  That's what I have done every visit since the first and wahlah.  No problems.The free parking is a real plus too.
4	Seems like a lot of people have reported issues with Queen City Q's service.  Glad I did not let those negative reviews keep me from going there.  Went last night before a show at Spirit Square - service could not have been better.  Hostess and wait staff were very professional, engaging and attentive. They were turning over a lot of table last night - Checkers game so lots of Checkers fans there before the game.  Saw a couple of Christmas parties (one in a private room).  Again, no issues with service.  Food was super (buffalo wings, brunswick stew, chicken tacos, ribs, bbq - all yummy).  And they validated our parking ticket so we had free parking for the entire time we were downtown.  Plus they had live music.  Would highly recommend and will definitely go there again.
2	The food was okay, not great. I had the smoked sausage, overall not that impressed. The service was horrible.  We were a party of 8 and it was as though no one wanted to wait on us.  I was there at lunch we fellow employees and it took us 2.5 hours to get in and out- and there was no wait for a table... It just simply took them that long to greet us, get our drinks, find someone that wanted to take our order... It just wasn't a good experience.  I won't go back.
4	The food at "The Q" is great. Prices are a little on the high side but you get a lot of food.    You wont look live a savage trying to eat the ribs, the meat falls right off the bone.  The Brisket is phenomenal and the pulled pork is really great. If you like hush puppies their are like crack.  Service.  It is hit and miss and I have had more misses than hits.  All and All if you have a hankering for some Que check this place out.
5	This place is great, especially after 10 pm. My favorite is the 50 cent smoked wings from the very reasonably-priced late night menu. Personally, I think they are just as good as fried wings and much healthier. Even the South Carolina BBQ sauce is good, a make-or-break thing for me coming from SC.
4	Had dinner here last week with colleagues.  As usual, the Q was simply fantastic.  I am writing this time to comment on the excellent service we received as well.  More than a couple of complaints in other reviews for these folks as written by fellow Yelpers.  So I thought i would mention that our experience was just perfect on the service front.
4	Was definitely very pricey for what you get. I ordered a combo with ribs, chicken, and brisket with side of mac n cheese and collard greens. However my brisket was pretty dry which i wasnt happy about. I had to drench it with the different bbq sauces they had. The chicken was good and moist. That was well cooked. And what is a bbq place if i dont get ribs. The ribs were good but it wasnt like i never ate ribs like this before. The atmosphere was nice they had a lot of TVs there.The one thing i would suggests is that to get the sweet tea! Now that was really great!I just wish my brisket was better because thats one of my favorite types of bbq. this place was referred by a person who worked at the charlette bobcats arena, so I figure i give it a shot.
3	The food is good. If you're stuck uptown and want some "Q" as it were, this is a great place to get it. It's exactly what you might imagine an "uptown BBQ" joint would be like. Busy bar, "club" type music, "fancier" country fare (if that makes sense - this ain't no paw's country cookin') and a generally more "uptown" clientele. Don't get me wrong, it was tasty, if pricey, food - pulled pork with a bevy of sauces to choose from, wings, mac & cheese, hushpuppies. It might be a tad ambitious - the night I was there (granted it was a Saturday night, right before a Bobcats game), the service was slow and it seemed like the kitchen was very backed up - I wonder if they have too many tables.
4	We were in town for a weekend getaway with the 3 kids for the auto show.  We looked on Yelp and found Queen City Q.  The food was great.  The BBQ is a little smokey, but overall it was great.  They have all the different sauces you need on the table.  The wait staff was awesome and the owner/manager spent some time with us as well.  Everyone was very nice, the place was great for watching a game with all of their TV's, the bar area looked awesome with a huge selection of beers and drinks.  We fully enjoyed the atmosphere and food.  We will definitely be back next time we visit Charlotte.
4	Great place to stop in before a Checkers or Bobcats game.  I like going here to get my 7th street parking validated and having a bite to eat/drink and then going about by business.  There are two bars, one is just dedicated to local brews, but you can sit at either and order stuff (the bartender may have to make a quick run to the other bar).The Q has a decent offering of bar food and BBQ so you can definitely find something on the menu that will wet your whistle and curb your appetites.  Plenty of TVs around to catch a game there if needed.  I was sorely disappointed how many UNC fans I found there one night during an NC State v. UNC bball game.  I was severely outnumbered, but I am glad my wolfpack pulled out the win and broke the losing streak curse!Everyone is super friendly and nice here, including the bartender who made sure that we got our $$'s worth out of the shots we ordered (wondered why it was taking so long) but the bottle was out and the guy didn't want to give us some (half ___(insert wording here)'ed shots) so that was why we waited a bit.  Well worth it!
5	I went here for the first time tonight and it was absolutely the most amazing food I've had uptown. RIBS FALLING OFF OF THE BONE!  The chicken was amazing and the service I received was FANTASTIC.  With out question request Gina as your server.  I can honestly say that I haven't received that kind of service at 5 star restaurants. Drop what you're doing and go NOW!
5	Where to start? Walk-in, not to crowded on a Tuesday night.  Beer specials and tons of craft options +1.Country music playing. +1HUGE BBQ portions (got the 3 meat platter).  Ribs, sausage, and pulled pork all hits. +2 -- Side note: the beans are not as good as most other  yelpers stateNot overlly expensize (Q typically isnt the cheapest meal so the prices were more than fair.  +1 This is now a must hit for me every time i come to Charlotte.
4	Went to my first happy hour. I've been looking forward to tasting the food here for some time now. The service at the bar started a little slow but you could the resturant got slammed all at once. Once the staff adjusted to the rush things moved much smoother. I ordered the wings, ribs, and wings. The ribs were cooked exactly the way I like them, moist but not gross with a weird texture. The apricot Bbq sauce was out of this world. The wings were jerk seasoned and ok at best. They seemed overly fatty for my taste but still very flavorful. The star of the happy hour for me was the pulled pork sliders. Put a little popo sauce on them and you won't be able to stop eating them until their finished. It's not your typical NC Bbq joint and that's ok can't wait for my next trip.
3	We went here on a night in uptown. If you park in the 6th/7th street deck and then grab a drink or food here or at Brixx, they will validate your parking. We have always been interested in this place, but for some reason always head to Brixx. This night we decided to stop in and get a drink. They had a ton of beers on tap including Birdsong and NoDa brewing.  After scanning the list of bottled beers, I saw a Woodchuck. Score! But when telling the waitress that I was going to order that she asked about the bottle...kind of like nobody ordered that. I asked her if they had any ciders on tap, and she said they had Crispin. I love cider on tap, so of course I switched. (FYI they didn't have that on their menu, so I'm glad I asked.) We hung out for a while at the bar, which was pretty relaxed, got our parking validated and then left. Our bartender was pretty good, I think she knew why we were there (parking for Free!). The only thing to note was that they were out of the Birdsong jalapeno infused beer. Apparently you need to get there early because they run out a lot (or so I was told).
5	If you are in the uptown area you can't go wrong with Queen City Q! A good way to test out a bar-b-q place is to try their pulled pork sandwich which is what I did the first time I ate there. I was amazed that a place uptown could produce tender pork with so much smoky flavor. Their sauces compliment the pork very well too. Stop by next time you're in the area and I guarantee you won't leave disappointed.
4	I've always loved Mac's on South Blvd but over the years it hasn't been like when it first opened, but Queen City Q is a welcomed surprise. The food (the sausage and pulled pork) is really tasty. I have tried the sweet potato fries and mac and cheese - both good sides. The service was fast and friendly - I went once for a work lunch and once on the weekend with my kid - both times it was wonderful. I would totally recommend this place to anyone coming into uptown who wants some yummy BBQ. Can't wait to go back! p.s. If you love local beer, this is the place for you too!
4	Mmmmm...such good BBQ!I have never been disappointed with QCQ. I eat a lot of food and each plate is always over flowing with tons and tons of delicious food. Their pulled pork is great, as is their brisket. They also are one of the only BBQ restaurants that I have found that offers sweet potato fries (which I love). While the food is delicious, they only offer 3 sauces which all seem very similar to me. I do wish they had a bit more of a selection but that would never stop me from frequenting QCQ. There is also free parking in the attached garage and their service has always been pretty great! Definitely a BBQ place to try in the Queen City!
4	Excellent BBQ just a short walking distance from the Epicenter. Try the Pulled Pork Quesadilla. It's cut into 4 wedges and big enough for sharing.
4	Was here last week.  I'm glad I wasn't there when it was busy, it just seemed that much better.  I grabbed the combo plate with the pulled pork, St. Louis ribs, and the pork sausage.  Pork sausage was AMAZING.  Juicy and cooked perfectly, I wished that there was just one more piece on my plate.  The sauces on the table complemented the pulled pork perfectly, with each providing a different, distinct flavor.  Add the sweet potato fries that were crunchy, not soggy, and the baked beans, which had little bits of pork, and you've got bbq heaven.  Just a step below Mac's Speed Shop, but still great!
4	Went down there because they are a Charlotte Hounds supporter and we were picking up our season tickets and stayed for dinner. Wife and I split all 4 different types of tacos and we enjoyed them all.  Our son had a vegetable plate so we could try the sides and the Mac and Cheese was delicious.  Will be going back again.
5	I had the good idea to come check out this place as a way to wait for traffic to die down after a Bobcats game...  I couldn't have picked a better place! I love the layout... There are multiple bars with plenty of seating and enough televisions to ensure a comfortable viewing from any place inside... One of my favorite things is that they even have specials on the weekends!  $1.75 for domestics is a great deal on a day when most places get rid of their discounts... They have a great showing of local brews as well... Everyone from Birdsong, OMB, NoDa Brewing and Four Friends are in the building and they have quite a few NC players as well...  Big Boss, Carolina Brewing, Foothills, Highland, LoneRider (YUM), Natty Greene's and RJ Rockers...  I love all the craft brewing in my state!The servers are lots of fun and actually dress in Bobcats gear on game nights which I thought was a pretty cool touch...  I believe my female bartender's name is Jody and I know the guy's name was Joe... They were both helpful without hovering and provided wonderful suggestions... Since the first time, I've been back twice... lol  The first time I had the Q Burger... It's a mixture of ground beef and barbecue as a burger... It was absolutely delicious... The sweet potato fries were out of this world as well... Nice and crisp with no residual greasiness... The boyfriend had the pulled pork with the macaroni and cheese and french fries... (He loves his starches...)  The sauce he used was uber tasty... I think it's called PoPo Bonz or something like that... It was sweet with a kick... I actually stuck some on my burger and it was yummy... The next time we went, they were offering the late night menu... I ordered the pulled pork sandwich, but had a raging headache, so I couldn't even eat... No problem, guys... Let me tell you, the food heats up for a second go round awesomely! lol  I popped the bun in the toaster and the barbecue in the microwave with the collard greens... Those greens are probably my favorite thing on the menu now... Bold greenery flavor with a nice peppery undertone... Mmm...  The last time I stopped in on a Thursday to watch the draft... (Note: $3 Guinness on Thursdays!) I had a smoked sausage hoagie this time with the collards again as my side... They were just as good as before... They make their sausage in house and it was some of the best I've had...  It was fresh and absolutely out of this world satisfying... It comes with mustard and slaw, which wasn't all mayonnaisey... It was a perfect meld of flavors... They also do a trivia night, either in their back room or on the patio if it's nice enough... Fabulous!  They have a live band on Friday and a poker game on Wednesday...This is absolutely one of my favorite places...  I totally recommend it...
5	I love the Q; there really is no other words for it. I've always have a pleasurable experience with the staff being attentive and timely. The atmosphere is traditional southern with a fun, modern Uptown twist; you always feel comfortable and welcome. The management and owners are always friendly and quick to welcome patrons and guests. So, the food, right? Amazing. I'm not from the south; I grew up on brats, steaks, and fish boils as a token staple... However, I cannot mistake good food and the Q has it. I suggest the mac and cheese (duh) and the brisket. The meat is slow smoked to perfection and is extremely tasty and tender.So, when is the opportune time to head to the Q? Well, anytime but specifically as a precurser to your Uptown escapades, to catch some sports action, to play Thursday night trivia, to pre-game before your favorite event at Time Warner Cable Arena, or to enjoy a comfort food packed evening.
4	Great food. Service was solid. I love their samplers and it lets you choose the meat you are game for that day. The beer selection is good as well. I recommend it if you are by TW for an event.
3	The pork at Queen City Q is hand-pulled slow roasted bone-in pork butt, and it makes for a sandwich that's tender and juicy.  The meat is piled high and topped with a lightly dressed cider cilantro slaw.  While we noshed, Chef Dan "Boone" Gibson chatted with us about the evolution of the restaurant.  Boone's laid back, down-to-earth demeanor transfixed us all-it felt like we were sitting on his back porch drinking sweet tea as we chatted about his mom's baked beans and his aunt Nell's mac and cheese.I'm a big fan of sonya's salad with shrimp.I'm not a big fan of the service, which is consistently lacking.
4	I was introduced to Queen City Q as part of Feast Food Tour's "Soul of the South" tour. Our group was served pulled pork sliders and craft beers with our choice of any and all of their six sauces, and they were amazing! These sliders were tender, flavorful, and served with a nice slaw on top between a perfectly toasted, slightly buttery, bun. The sauces were delicious and unique, too. The food was so good, my sister and I decided to come back for dinner the next day.For dinner, I had the light meat chicken with a side of collard greens and corn maque choux served with Texas toast. The corn maque chouz was buttery, spiced well and delicious. The collard green were overcooked and bland. But the chicken was the most disappointing. It was dry and flavorless. So so so incredibly dry, even the sauce couldn't revive it (it ended up just tasting like the individual sauces). Though I'm sure they're likely not known for their smoked chicken, I hate paying money for bone dry chicken. (I always have chicken at home and manage to keep even light meat flavorful and juicy.)However, despite the mediocre chicken, because very few people come here for the chicken, I'm sure, the corn and the pulled pork sliders were so good, I gave them four stars.
1	Not really sure what people like about this place.  The ribs are very good the second visit (although burnt on the first one), but the brisket is pretty bad and inconsistent.  They give you plenty of pulled pork, which doesn't matter because it's too dry to eat. I've heard so much about their Mac and cheese, but all i got was over cooked pasta with what seemed to be cheese remnants. I may return for a beer, but that's about it.
4	Generous portions and super tasty. I love the pulled pork sandwich and sweet potato fries!
5	The fall-off-the-bone ribs and tender, succulent brisket ranks as some of the best barbecue I have ever had. Include sausage, beans and a pile of fries for good luck, and you have yourself one heck of a fabulous meal. While I gorged unashamedly on my Q Platter, the family attacked big, juicy burgers flowing with melted cheese, chili, onion rings and a boatload of other fresh fixings. And the generous portion of bread pudding we shared for dessert was killer, too.Part sports bar, part uptown nightspot, and part family eatery, the Q features something in their atmosphere that makes everyone feel welcome. The Q is King in my book.
4	So I'm in the Queen City on business and I'm scoping out the top restaurants/bars on my Yelp Mobile App.  These folks had great reviews and they were close to my hotel. That's a win, win for me and off I went for and early dinner. I had such a great time that I stopped by for lunch on another day and also visited just for an adult libation or two or three.  I'm delighted to say these folks earned four stars from me.I loved the draft list.  Expect a nice selection of local brews.  Whoever selected the beers also made sure there was a nice mix of styles of beer.  That's not always the case and I was impressed.  There is also a substantial bottle list.  Nothing goes better with Q than beer so the start of a good meal is in place.As I was traveling by myself, I sat at the bar for all of my visits.  That was good news for me because most of the time my bartender was Andrew.  He was friendly and efficient and a great conversationalist.  He also knew his beer. He would have been perfect if he looked like a Victoria's Secret model but hey, I guess you can't have everything!On one visit I tried the DEVILED EGGS & BACON as an appetizer.  For $4 you get 4.  They were delicious with a big spicy kick.On different days I tried both the SAUSAGE and the BRISKET.  You know the Q is really excellent when the meats can stand on their own without any additional sauce.  That was absolutely true here.  Both were tender and juicy and packed with flavor.As with most Q places there is a long list of sides.  I sampled the CORN MAQUE CHOUX. HOUSE CUT FRIES, EASTERN NC BBQ SLAW, and HUSH PUPPIES. All of them were fine but OMG the corn!  I think I moaned when I tasted it.  That's embarrassing! Expect a platter here with two sides to cost you $12-$16.   The portion sizes are just fine and you'll be full.  When I visit Charlotte again it's certain that I will return.
2	The food was pretty solid (pulled pork), price fair, and there was a nice selection of beer on tap.  However, the waitress was a total beast from the moment we sat down...like we were inconveniencing her by being there.  Never once a 'you're welcome' and certainly nothing close to a smile.  Someone else served our food and we didn't see her until it was time for a box.  I realize everyone has a bad day but I really don't like being made to feel like I'm the problem when I show up willing spend my money at their place of business.  Her behavior will keep me away for awhile...plenty of good BBQ places in Charlotte!
4	Let me first say, the food is on point here.  Wings are great with a good smokey flavor, and the burgers are some of the best in town.  The portion sizes are large, with prices lower than most of the restaurants in the area. _______________update__________I've been back several times over the past few months, and am extremely happy with the service now. There's attention on the tables and guests making the experience enjoyable again. _______________old and now outdated________I give it 2 stars based on the service.  I've seen several changes in management, and have talked to some of the servers about this.  The owner seems to be present more often but overall service doesn't happen by the servers.  Every time i've gone, the only person to check in on our table have been food runners/kitchen employees.  I have yet to have a server refill a drink without being asked (and on occasion more than once).  I have had issues with my bill the last 2 times, which was corrected, but why did the server not notice the incorrect prices?  I haven't been in several months now, and waiting to see some reviews of improved attention to service.
4	Great barbecue and great beer...what more can you ask for?Queen City Q certainly brings their A-game in regards to barbecuing their meats (yea...that sounded funny to me too).  I had the good fortune of coming here for the first time with about ten business associates, so I got to try many things.  The pulled pork is really the standout...it really doesn't get much better.  The sauces were decent...but I don't like to need a sauce...and luckily...I didn't.I liked everything from the decor and ambiance, to the food and libations.  There are however, room for improvements...and that's a great thing!  If I already love your food and the atmosphere...a couple of tweaks only makes you that much better!The service and the brisket...meh.  The service has been hit and miss on my several visits...but mostly decent.  Like other reviews have mentioned...you just get that..."I'd so rather be doing something else" vibe.  Guess what...acting is part of serving...and you'll get better tips.  The brisket was a bit done...and not exactly tender.  Grant it...I only tried it once...but I love brisket...and know the art-form it takes to take a tougher piece of meat to tender and succulent (yea...I heard how strange that one sounded too).  It may have been an off day...but I probably wouldn't order it after that experience.Lastly, the beer.  Just say yes!  Sweet Josie...I have a hard time choosing any others past you.  You certainly fit in this cowboy's holster.  Giddy-up!Try:  The Corn Maque Choux for a sideAvoid:  Domestic beer
4	I love the Q.  I think I've been there a couple dozen times.  There are so many great things about it.First of all, the beer selection.  It's definitely one of the top 3 beer spots in downtown Charlotte.  If you want a local beer, there's no better place to try them ALL. And they keep their beer menu up-to-date which is important with such a rotating list of seasonals.The food is fantastic.  It's not the cheapest BBQ places around, but it's definitely the best downtown.  Heck, I'm a vegetarian (well, pescatarian...) and always find plenty to eat on the menu.  A great selection of salads, the fried pickles are super tasty, and they have some outstanding fish entrees, such as tuna tacos and a tuna "burger."I visit frequently before and after arena events, especially when the Charlotte Checkers are playing!There is only one reason I'm giving the Q only four stars, and it's simple:  Thursday nights.  You see, they have trivia there.  And while usually I'm a fan of trivia, it's absolutely, positively, the loudest thing ever.  I don't know why the guy running it believes that you need to have giant speakers and boost them at 98 dB, but he does (yes, I used a decibel meter to see how loud it was, that's loud!).  It's painfully loud, and there's nowhere in the place to go to avoid the noise.  Blaring music, yelling into the mic.  It's just unpleasant.  I've walked in there twice on Thursday evenings and turned around and left because I couldn't handle how loud it was.  So, as long as you don't go on a Thursday evening you are sure to have a great meal, an awesome beverage, and a great time at the Q!
2	First off, I have to say this with a fair warning...this is based on an experience I had with their food truck at the Rural Hill Food Truck Rally. I have not been to their physical location, but after sampling the food from their truck, I don't think I want to make the effort to go there. You can argue that the product is different because it's served from a truck rather than their restaurant, but that's no excuse for the cruddy product I received from them.I waited on line for about twenty minutes at their food truck before getting to order. I wanted to try a variety of stuff so I got a pulled pork slider ($3) and a turkey wrap ($5.) The pork was extremely disappointing, though the quantity of the food was worth the price. The slider was a tiny bun filled with pulled pork and a pickle...no slaw, which was sad. Yeah I know it's a small slider but they could have put a tiny scoop of slaw on it! The meat itself had no smokeyness to it at all, and the meat was tough and dry. Definitely not what I expect from BBQ down here in North Carolina.The turkey wrap was a huge disgrace. Now I didn't bother asking what was in it, so I can only blame myself for having to eat what was given to me. Their turkey wrap was not smoked turkey, which is what I would assume from a BBQ joint. This thing was a wrap filled with turkey salad...a very mayo-y turkey salad. The mayo overpowered this wrap and made the overall product very runny. I definitely didn't taste any turkey, as the heavy mayo stood out most of all. Based on some dry and flavorless pulled pork and an over-mayo'd turkey salad wrap, I have no intention of going out of my way to visit Queen City Q's brick and mortar location. You can blame it on it being a food truck, and that they were out of their element, but if that's the case they shouldn't be selling their wares from a truck if that causes it to be substandard. Maybe in the distant future, if the situation arose, I would be willing to give them a second chance, but that is a big maybe.
4	I was in North Carolina for work and a large group of us (20 or so people) came to Queen City to get some bbq. I was really happy with the experience, from the trivia to the well-priced drinks and of course the delicious ribs! I was able to try both the fried pickles and hush puppies to start, and both were great. I ordered the medium sized St Louis ribs, which ended up coming with 8 large bones and 2 sides. I had the mac n cheese and the collard greens. I wasn't a huge fan of the greens, so if I ever went back I would probably go with the corn instead because it was deliiiicious! It was overall a really fun atmosphere and very accomodating to groups!
3	I went to this place for lunch yesterday to have the ribs since I always here people talking about great they are. The ribs were pretty good not the best I've had but decent the sides I ordered though were disappointing the Mac and cheese was flavorless and boring the green bean casserole was not good at all I didn't even finish it. On a positive note though the service was pretty good and the restaurant itself is pretty nice...
3	The food here was good. Not great, but good. I liked the variety of sauces on the table. Well, our neighbors table, before relocation. The menu is approachable and variety is good.The problem I had was with the beer. I had to get up from my table to go look at a beer list with no descriptions in side (from sitting on the deck). There was no bartender and our waitress couldn't tell me a decent local IPA. ...Really? Not one?If it were me, a regularly updated printout of beer selections would be a pivotal components of my restaurant. It's worth it.
5	Picture making love to Vanessa Williams when she was 26 years old.  That is what eating the food there is like.  YOU HAVE TO GO THERE AT LEAST ONCE.
2	Food might be good but understaffed for a Saturday night. Service was poor. Took forever to take our order and for the food to arrived.
3	There are times I don't get uptown for seemingly weeks, and then there are times I am uptown for several days in a row. During one stretch, it seemed like I ended up at QCQ multiple days on end, just because it was convenient - have to love being at the bottom of a parking garage, as it makes it so easy. The food options aren't bad either.Now if you're a vegetarian, you might have a tough time, because even the veggies are cooked in bacon. So if you don't like bacon, you might want to examine the menu closely - or eat before going to you can try the liquid diet at one of the two bars.Once there, however, there are some decent food offerings. It's not the best 'cue the city has to offer, and in fact it's not even the best thing on their menu. I would suggest that you try their wings. This isn't because they are the best wings you've ever had - they aren't traditional if you are looking for Buffalo wings, but because they are first roasted, and it gives them an amazing flavor. Worth a try every time I've had them.Everything else? Not nearly as exciting, but quite decent all around. Those wings, however, are making me hungry right now. Might have to figure out a way to get uptown...
4	The waiter we had was great! We asked him what were the best sellers and he was able to tell us what was on the menu and the ingredients of each plate. The guy who brought out our app and main courses needed to learn some manners, but overall great experience. 4 stars because thy were out of sweet potato fries and because the food runner needed to pull his pants up and be a little nicer.
5	The BBQ here is incredible. I got their large platter and all of the meats were delicious. They also have a large selection of beer on tap.
5	If BBQ is your thing, then Queen City Q is your place. Hands down the best BBQ in town and the best bar specials on week nights. And they show premier league soccer on the weekends.
5	You can't go wrong with the Nachos, Tacos, Brisket, Burger, Wings...ok, so everything is delicious, but seriously don't leave without trying the Mac & Cheese.
4	In Charlotte, we love our bbq.  This place can stand up to the top spots in and around the city as far as the pork goes! It offers one unique aspect in that it is located in the middle of uptown rather than out in the 'burbs like most of them.  Country cooking, urban setting. We came in on Sunday for lunch and found the place to be pretty empty, which was a little surprising since we got there just after 12.  There were some good drink specials going on including $5 bloody marys and some $2 local craft beers.  There was a brunch menu but nothing on that menu looked all that interesting so we opted for the classic pulled pork.  The menu had all kinds of good looking sides to go along with it.  I'm talking collard greens, onion rings, sweet potato fries, bbq slaw, hush puppies, baked beans, etc etc etc... There were several different varieties of sauce on the table to suit different tastes.  The Eastern style is always my favorite and theirs was pretty tasty.  Once it was all said and done, we had the really good down-home meal that we were hoping to get when we walked in.  We will definitely be back to this place and I highly recommend it if you're in town looking for good barbecue.
2	Some common-a$$ food. Nothing to see here folks. Interior is lame too. Waitress was nice though. Go to Mac's or Mert's if you're in the mood for this type of food.
5	Look, opinions run strong in this area around BBQ.  I get that.  You may have another and that's okay.  But, for me, I'm thrilled that Queen City Q is open in downtown Charlotte!  Perhaps you can find better BBQ if you want to drive to Lexington or somewhere else in remote areas.  But, I guarantee the difference isn't worth the fuel it takes to start your car or the grain it takes to feed your horse!This place serves good pork BBQ and several other great meat/entree options too!!  The ribs, brisket, chicken, and even the smoked sausage are all really good!  That's one reason that I love to come here with a group, and just buy platters to share!  I like it all!! Check out that Super Q Platter, get a beer, relax and "pig" out!!!Speaking of beer, take a look at the beer menu!!  Wow!  Lots of craft beers to choose from and maybe try a new one!!  There are 40+ drafts and then lots of bottled beers too!  For me, I'm happy to enjoy my favorite - OMB Copper!I've eaten a lot of food here, and can tell you that you won't go wrong whatever you order.  It may not be how YOU would make it, but then, you aren't eating at home, are you?  From the appetizer list - the Deviled Eggs w bacon (mmmm), their own Pimento Cheese (another mmmm)!  The hushpuppies  served w/ honey butter are really good, and then one of my favorites - the fried pickles!  There are several great sides to choose from including mac-n-cheese, collard greens, and baked beans w/ Neese's (a Greensboro, NC company) sausage - these are all winners for me!  They have two different kinds of slaw - Low Country and Eastern NC BBQ slaw.  I'll bet the Low Country is good, but I can't get by the Eastern style! And I'll stop there with the sides, cause there's quite a list.The restaurant has lots of room and the wait staff has always been very attentive!  If you need to hold a secret meeting, or maybe just a private function, they have a room you can reserve.You can tell, I really like this place!  And to think that it's in downtown Charlotte!!  It is adjacent to a parking garage. And, it's right on the light rail line, so if you uh, don't want to drive home... or if you'd rather ride the rails... you can!  And there is a Charlotte B-Cycle dock right outside the door.  Lots of ways to get here!  So, just get here!
4	Finger Lickin good eating....  Worthy of several repeat visits. Sweet potato fries are great sides...
4	I LOVE THIS PLACE. Been here about 5 times, tried a few different things  ok here goes the shrimp tacos and brisket tacos - deelish! The hushpuppies - best I've ever had. The burgers - omg the burgers! So juicy and tender. The onion rings - amazing and perfectly seasoned! The brisket would be my favorite, but also can be hit or miss. The ribs are great and the pulled pork - best thing on the menu and that's saying A LOT! They also have great drinks specials each night!
5	My boyfriend and I are visiting from San Francisco and signed up for the Soul of the South food tour where Queen City Q was the first stop. I was stuffed after the tour, but the food was so delicious we had to come back. And I wanted to try all the different Carolina beers. My boyfriend ordered the brisket with mac and cheese and the baked beans. The brisket was succulent. And I love all the sauces I can use. The Mac and cheese was dynamite and the baked beans lived up to its "famous" title. The bartenders were really nice too.
5	A great place to get a cheap afterwork drink/meal. They changed the happy hour menu and made it a shell of its former self, but everything on it is still delicious.
3	Decent BBQ.  Ask for the super hot BBQ sauce since it isn't on the table.  The smoke wings are great but I found most of the sauces too sweet.  Price is on par for BBQ.
1	Review of bar staff only.  Can't review the cue because the bar staff never asked if I needed a menu.  Then after watching me review the menu I had to borrow from the guy on the barstool next to me, they never asked me if I wanted something to eat.  Yes, I did....
3	Every sauce they have in the cradle including mustard and lexington has sugar in it and too much.  The mustard tastes like honey mustard and lexington barely has the flavor of vinegar coming through.   Did not try the meats just the pork rinds with the different sauces.  I had them sprinkle the rub on the rinds.   The rub is very good.   Atmosphere is fantastic.  Service is good.   Back to socializing.
4	I visited my cousin in Charlotte in October and he brought us here for dinner on Sat night. The place itself is pretty big and we didn't have to wait at all for a table. While we waited for our food, we were able to take advantage of their beer selection-they had beers starting at $1.75/each (I guess they do this on Saturdays, not sure what their other daily specials are). My sister and I ordered the pulled pork and it was amazing. They provide a decent variety of BBQ sauce and for the price, it's really hard to beat. Service was quick and efficient as well and I will definitely come back the next time I am in Charlotte (4 1/2 stars).
4	I was in Carolina & I couldn't go home without getting some 'cue. Queen City was around the corner from my hotel, so it was a short walk for lunch. Since I was by myself, I grabbed a spot at the bar and was promptly handed a menu from the nice bartender. Asked for a local recommendation for a brewski and decided to go with the Coconut Porter from Noda. I wasn't too hungry for lunch, but I didn't want to have to buy anything at the airport, so I went with the two tacos - one pulled pork, one brisket - and a side of onion rings. Well, my order wasn't exactly right when it came out, but if you're going to mess up this Southern girl's side order, fried okra is the way to do it. The breading was perfect and they were fried a nice golden brown. Not too gooey on the inside, but not dried out either. The tacos were a filled to the brim with meat & fixins. Both were drippingly delicious. They have a variety of sauces as most BBQ places do. I tend to stick with the sweet sauce. It added just the right amount of sweetness to each taco. I don't recall what he ordered but my dining mate that was sitting a couple of stools down also had some tasty looking grub.Would I come back here next time I'm in Charlotte? Definitely!
4	CC and I had to try some BBQ while we were back in the South for a wedding recently... It was our last day in the city, and the places that had been recommended to us were both closed on Monday!  Luckily, we found Queen City Q on Yelp (open 7 days a week!) and we dropped by on our way to the airport.It was AWESOME.  Granted, I might be a little biased after being separated from 'que for a while, but I was not disappointed by this place.  We shared the Q Platter with brisket, ribs, and pulled pork, with the Corn maque choux, green bean casserole, and (of course) mac n' cheese as sides.First off, the platter is a TON of food.  We finished off all our delicious sides, but we had quite a bit of meat left over.  All the meats were great, but my fave was the pulled pork.  CC favored the brisket, but some things never change.  The sides were all great too, but the real stand out was the corn maque choux.  Wow.  That stuff was awesome.I'll definitely stop by again when I'm back fown in Charlotte.
4	This is a fun restaurant with a variety of BBQ choices. I got the Beef Brisket Quesadilla and it was tasty. The side of Mac and Cheese was good as well. The prices are fair and there is a pretty good drink menu ($5 house wine...win). I highly recommend trying this place. If you park in the 7th street parking deck, you can get your ticket validated in the restaurant. We went with a large group and their back room is perfect for these types of gatherings....just call in advance to reserve.
4	The best BBQ in Charlotte can be found at the end of the blue line in the basement of the 7th street station parking deck.
2	In town for one night and decided to try this because I wanted BBQ and the reviews were good. I assumed the "Best in the city" claim wasn't accurate, but I now have to assume it isn't even close. I walked in at at about 7pm in a Saturday night and the place was mostly empty. I should have left right then, but I stuck with it.First the food, it was ok. I had a platter so I could try a few things. The pulled pork was fine, nothing great, but fine. The ribs were pretty good, a little tough, but no problem. The brisket was just awful, easily the worst I have ever had. It was dry and tough and I'm not entirely sure it had been smoked at all. Absolutely avoid it. The mac and cheese was good, the onion rings nothing special.Next the beer. They had a pretty good beer selection. I had a local IPA, I-77 I believe it was called, and it was quite good. But, the beer wasn't near enough to fix the real problem.Shortly after I ordered, a young woman got on a mic and announced that she was sorry to interrupt the football game, but she was going to sing some songs. What the hell? What kind of BBQ place has someone come in with an acoustic guitar and play a set? She might have been fine in some hole in the wall bar, but not in a BBQ restaurant. It was awful. She played at least 10 songs, and played loudly enough that you could not ignore her. I have no idea why they thought it was a good idea, but if that is a typical Saturday night, it is no wonder that the place is empty.
4	While in Charlotte, NC, my girlfriend and I wanted to try the local barbecue food and were suggested Queen City Q by our hotel.  We sat on the high tables near the bar and had a view of a handful of TVs with sports games on.  For our appetizers we ordered the Deviled Eggs & Bacon which was very good as well as Southern Fried Pickles of which we were kind of skeptical of eating at first but actually really enjoyed those.  For our entrees I had the Texas Brisket and she had the Slow Smoked Chicken.  I had a piece of Texas toast added to my plate as well as two other sides.  Overall this place had decent food but wasn't amazing.  My girlfriend didn't love her chicken but the rest of the food was good.  I enjoyed my brisket although it was a bit tougher than it should've been for being true barbecue.  We would recommend this place to anyone looking for some barbecue in downtown Charlotte.
4	Although I work uptown, there are some  corners and alleyways that even I don't venture too often. This block is usually out of my way unless I'm headed to the market. Sometimes it's nice to take a stroll though and revisit old friends.With a name like Queen City Q, you better be packin' some big guns. It's as if you're aiming to not just create great BBQ, but almost emphatically looking to represent the city. While that seems like a great strategy, it has great potential to also backfire. Most locals know BBQ. And most locals have their favorites. There is already a benchmark and any new Q joints are always scrutinized. While the opinion of the best is subject to debate,  I'd say it's safe to say Queen City Q can hold their own.
2	Ok, I have been here for lunch during the work week and the service is never great. This time it's Sunday Brunch and 15 minutes for some one to take our order, another 5 minutes for someone to come by and tell me they are out of Grits, then 30 more minutes for them to bring one order, after 20 more minutes we gave up all hope on the rest if the order!!  The BBQ is good but it's not worth the aggravation.
4	Went to Queen City Q one night before a Hornest game. As a "native" Charlottean I refuse to continue to call them the B word. QCQ is pretty much the perfect place to eat before the game, they validate parking if you buy something and it's a short walk to the arena. I had the hot wings. Hot BBQ, they were amazing! Really spicy, hot and grilled perfectly. I could go for some right now. I also had sweet potato fries and a side of Okra. The sweets were also really good. The only thing I would change is the okra. I like mine fried crispy and brown. While good, these were a little on the soft side. I don't know how often they have music but there was a two-man band setting up to play. check it out!
5	I love this place regardless of why I go. It's a great place a for a beer after work, dinner or a networking event. The brisket is my favorite, the sandwich with a side of Mac n cheese. But the shrimp and tuna tacos are awesome too. There is a great selection of local beer on tap as well with specials every day.
4	We always pregame for Bobcats games at Queen City Q.  BBQ restaurants are famous for quick service and QCQ is no slouch!  This really helps with dinner before a 7pm weeknight game.During our last visit I tried a bowl of their Brunswick stew and it was very good, but the serving size was less than I hoped for.  For $2 more I could have ordered a quarter chicken with two sides and been very satisfied.  Oh well, I will know for next time!
3	I've worked uptown for years and finally made it here for lunch with a friend last Friday. As a BBQ fiend, I was excited to check it out. Upon entering, I immediately loved the atmosphere - two separate bars on either side and all kinds of tables in the back with an overwhelming (in a good way) smell of barbecue. Mmmmm....We were promptly seated, even though it was just after noon and the NCAA games were on. Our waitress was prompt and friendly in the beginning, but we had to flag her down after our food came just to get more water. Eh.Onto the food! I figured I'd start with the basics on my first trip and went with the Pulled Pork Sandwich ($9) which came with slaw (I ditched that) and a side, so I got the first one on the list - mac & cheese.  It arrived pretty quickly, and the first thing I noticed was that the bun was HUGE. I grabbed some sauce off the table - they give you 6 options - and went to town. Without much (any?) sauce on the sandwich and with way too much bun, the sandwich itself was kinda dry. It was also so unwieldy that dipping it in sauce wasn't possible, so I just kept putting sauce on the sandwich after each bite... I know, classy. The mac & cheese was pretty darn tasty and creamy.Overall, the atmosphere was great, the service was a little iffy, and the sammich was tasty, but Mac's and Midwood still have it beat - however, a solid option for BBQ if you're uptown.
1	This review is of the service at the bar only.  Went in at 8 pm on Thursday 3/20 and sat at the bar.  There were a few available seats in the dining area and a table in the bar area.  We sat and watched as the bartender chatted with another employee at the other end of the bar and when he was done picked up a cell phone and talked on the phone ignoring the customers.  He then waited on a few customers at the other end of the bar still ignoring us.  When he finally decided to wait on us, I asked for a glass of water and a menu and my sister asked for the beer list.  He gave my sister the beer list and went to the other end of the bar and made a few drinks and chatted with people.  Never gave us a menu and never even looked at us again.  We thought about going over to the hostess and getting a table but I really wanted to see how long he would ignore us. (He was not busy) We watched as a group of people came in after us and sat at the table in the bar area and were waited on by another server.  They had menus and drinks.  We finally decided to leave and he probably didn't even notice.  Saw a lot of great reviews but I guess we will never know.  First and LAST time I will go there.  BTW went around the corner to a different restaurant and had great food and service.
3	Queen City had a great beer list and good, though not great, BBQ.  The brisket out shined the pulled pork by a far margin, and be sure to check out their beers from a rotating set of local breweries.
4	I'm visiting Charlotte for a conference. What do they do well in North Carolina? BBQ! I ask my friends at the conference if they want to do a group dinner (last night in town). One of them says I went to Queen City Q the other night. "It was the best brisket I've ever had."  There's no way I can pass this up. So eleven of us pile in to this place. Not a terribly long wait considering the size of our party. Let me start with the bad and work my way up. The sides were mostly average, plus they didn't have mashed potatoes. The hush puppies were really good. And... It was the best brisket I've ever eaten. It's hard to describe how good it was. If I find myself back in Charlotte, I am definitely eating here again.
5	Very good barbecue, nice craft beers, Sweet potato fries, and barbecue sandwich were all very good.  Nice atmosphere and great service.
2	Meh. There's better BBQ in Charlotte. Wasn't super impressed by the place or the service. Not sure how any place in nc can have bland BBQ but if you're looking for the best in CLT try Midwood. Also heard that their baked beans...the famous ones..are actually from a can. Not impressed.
1	Overpriced and their brisket was below average at best. Midwood Smokehouse is far better and better priced.
5	I don't like BBQ, but I LOVED our dinner here! We went with our moms for Mother's Day and we couldn't have been more pleased with the experience. My husband and his mom shared one of the Q platters. HUGE servings of four types of meat. They had the ribs, chicken, brisket and pulled pork. The only thing my husband didn't love were the ribs (he thought they were too smoky). But my mom ordered ribs for her dinner, and she loved them. So, I guess it's a personal preference. I had the brisket and it was perfect. Not too much sauce, and the meat was tender and had a ton of flavor. I think everyone ordered mac and cheese for their side, and we all loved it. My husband had the baked beans with sausage and was really happy with that. The sausage wasn't overwhelming and the beans had good flavor. I had collards that were pretty good. Not as good as what I make at home ;), but still delicious. We didn't get dessert, but we started with the pimento cheese dip and housemade potato chips. Both were amazing! I was expecting a warm cheese dip, but it was cold, full of flavor and delicious. The chips were sturdy and perfect for it,
2	The BBQ is good but not great.  The prices are close to a fine dining restaurant.  Not impressed with the food when you look at the prices.  Good selection but nothing is really over the top.  Generic flavor and high prices.
5	Great service. Q platter was awesome. Mac n cheese and collard greens were delicious! Good sauce options. Good portions of food. Definitely liked that I could create my own combination with the platter. Got double ribs and sausage. First time having St. Louis style ribs - tender and fell right of the bone. Free parking with ticket validation. I would recommend this restaurant to others.
5	I ordered the brisket entree with baked beans and regular cole slaw. The brisket was amazing. So tender, juicy, flavorful. Glad I ordered it based off other reviews. Baked beans were very good as well, meaty. Cole slaw was decent. Clean bar, big restaurant, a lot of TVs, large beer selection. Good prices. I wish we had bbq this good in my hometown!
3	2nd time here, started with the deviled eggs again, super creamy tasty just like last time.. the pickles are fresh and crispy. Tried the chili, equally tasty, we had eyed the chili topped mac'n'cheese which I think we will order next time. BF had the pork plate (same as last time) with the green beans and hush puppies.. it came out with green beans and baked beans. The baked beans were too sweet for our taste, good southern style I suppose.I opted for the burger which stated on menu "cooked to order".. I was not asked nor did I say how I wanted it cooked and it came out well done. The bun was HUGGGGE compared to the size of the burger... 75% bun 25% burger.. would have worked if there were a bunch of toppings, but not for a cheeseburger with 2 pieces of bacon... the bacon was super good thou. The burger was dry from being cooked to well done and was disappointing, I wouldn't order it again. Ordered it with the mac'n'cheese which was super good.. creamy, good cheese crust on the top.The next day had a few bites of cold pork and the mac and they were just as good, if not better, than the day before. Next round I will stick to the BBQ.
4	Popped in for a second meal after the vendors over at Seventh Street Market was closed. Taking two seats at the bar, we ordered a couple of local draft beers and a platter of nachos. The beers were served quickly, the nachos arrived an appropriate time later.I wasn't impressed with the barbecue nachos. Too many chips, not enough toppings. The few bits of shredded barbecue meat on there were very dry. I would not have these again. I don't feel right dinging them for it though.Next time, I'll go for a plate of their famed barbecue.
4	This superb BBQ joint in the heart of Charlotte's center city serves up juicy pulled pork, delicious mac n' cheese, and one of the best local beer menus in town. With more than a dozen craft beers on tap, you won't have any trouble finding something to wash down your 'Q. They also validate parking, which is a big plus. The atmosphere is also great, whether you sit inside or on the spacious patio next to the light rail. Bryan Meredith and his team have launched a great addition to the Charlotte BBQ market, and Queen City Q is fast-becoming my go-to spot for lunch in Uptown.
5	Second time here in a week. Everything here is fabulous. Tried the devil eggs the first time and it just got better after the appetizer. Potato salad and collards is some of the best I ever had at a restaurant. Brisket, pulled port and ribs are all great. They have whatever kind of sauce you like. Can't wait to visit again.
5	I'll just say that despite having lived in NC practically my whole life, I've never been a huge fan of BBQ nor mac n' cheese until I tried QCQ's catered BBQ at church a few weeks ago. Ever since then, my world has been flipped upside down! I thought to myself, 'maybe my ravenous state at the time positively skewed my taste buds,' so I went to the actual restaurant for the first time today, and ordered the same thing, and I definitely wasn't let down! I had their hand-pulled pork with collard greens and mac n' cheese, and it was as good as BBQ gets!The restaurant itself is a nice casual family-oriented place with TVs to keep the men busy. Seemed like a hot spot for young professionals such as myself. Definitely will be revisiting this place in the future!
1	I don't know if I'm just really picky or all the restaurants I've been too just sucks. My bf and I stopped by here on a Sunday for my first time. I LOVEEEE BBQ! And what's better than BBQ? BBQ ribs, apparently not at QCB. I ordered a rib entree that came out not even hot. I was craving for some good ribs, but my ribs were hard and super disappointing. They felt like left over ribs from the day before. I tapped it with my fork and it was hard. You could literally throw that at someone and kill them. I had to use my knife to get the meat off of the bones. The meat was far tender and good. Even Applebee's and Chili's ribs are better. At least their ribs' meat fall off the bone without me having to use my knife. TERRIBLE!The potato salad was also a disappointment. I'd rather go buy potato salad at Walmart, but that wasn't the issue. The cole slaw was so tasteless, and I didn't like it at all, so I had asked the waitress to change my side. She told me she wasn't allow to and had to ask her manager first. She disappeared for a while and came back and said the manager allowed her to, so I asked for the onion rings this time. There was this worker standing beside our table the whole time that I was complaining, as if he had nothing to do; obviously he was listening to us. He handed me my onion rings and I have to say, they were alright.So, the manager took her to the back and even if I didn't hear him, anyone could've tell he was yelling at her. I guessed he didn't allowed her to change my side, but she did it herself. He stood at the corner looking at us for the rest of the time. Seriously? If he had something to say, he needs to say it to me, not stare at me.So our ticket came out and we were charged for the onion rings. REALLY? I don't even want to write about this place anymore.
2	I'm from pig country, Eastern North Carolina.While I'm now a vegetarian, back in the day when I worked across the street, my coworkers ranted and raved about this joint. So naturally, I had to check it out.This is not real barbeque....I would never pay $15 for real barbeque either.I should have ran when I saw queso on the menu.If you're in town on business and you're from the midwest, this place might be fantastic! But if you're used to smoking a pig in your backyard and dousing it in vinegar or going to a mom and pop shop that hasn't been updated since the '70's you won't like it.I only had the barbeque here once and it was severely under-seasoned. The service wasn't extraordinary either. It's mediocre, that's all I can say.With that being said, BBQ King off Wilkinson is said to be some of the best 'que in the Queen City. And honestly, I prefer Cookout's bbq over Queen City Que's. If you're uptown and looking for barbeque, don't. Unfortunately this is not where they serve the good stuff.
5	Awesome sliders! Brisket is perfectly done and the sauces choices are as varied as the people in this great city. Loved it!
3	As soon as you walk into Queen City Q it's hard not to get your hopes up. I really wanted the food to knock my socks off but unfortunately it was just OK. I'd certainly come back but a few other barbecue joints in Charlotte (Sauceman's and Midwood Smokehouse to name a few) are better. We started off with the Pimento cheese dip which was excellent!  It is served chilled and with what seemed liked homemade chips to dip with. I ordered the pulled pork sandwich with sweet potato fries. To me the pork was a bit dry as was the bread it was served on. They were also a bit stingy with the coleslaw they put on top of the sandwich. I've had many a sweet potato fry in my day and these were just OK. I've had better and I've had worse.  On a positive note, the service was top notch. Our server was very attentive, stopping by frequently (but not too frequently!) to either refill drinks or ask if we needed anything.
1	We stopped by on a Sunday afternoon 8/17, for a cold beer and some BBQ on the outdoor patio. Our server greeted us promptly and the beer came soon after. We ordered the pork sliders and and the pulled pork dogs. Food arrived promptly which was nice, but unfortunately it was a big disappointment. The pork on the sliders was dry and tasted like it had been sitting around a while. The fries were limp and barely warm. The slider buns overwhelmed and further "dried" out the sliders. Maybe the slider bread would have been better  if it had been toasted. The pulled pork dogs were equally dry and very salty. The house chips were just plain bad. My friend convinced me to try one. I wish I hadn't. They tasted like they had been fried in old grease. Pretty bad. Our lunch seemed to be made with no love. We were very disappointed. We thought about complaining, but the foul odor from a pile of cigarette butts that the table across from us had created (on the ground under their table) was drifting our way, so we decided to just get our check and leave. (Where's the manager on duty? Is anyone running this place?)I hope Queen City Q can get their act together but we won't be heading back anytime soon.
4	Big fan of this place. Not incredibly authentic and divey, kind of had a chain feel. But isn't one and does BBQ very well. The beer selection was absurd and not too pricey at all. The BBQ menu was extensive and almost impossible to choose.I loved the pulled pork, hush puppies with whipped honey butter, homemade chips, corn mix thingy with bacon that was amazing, ribs, and everything else. Sauces need to be better named so you know what they are, but tasted good. Nice and large and reasonably priced, so come here!
3	Checked out this place for Sunday brunch after reading the reviews.  While I have to admit that I had better pulled pork and not a fan of the vinegar-based sauces, I did enjoy the food here.  The mac and cheese and cole slaw were good.  I also appreciated that they had six different sauces to try and had a South Carolina mustard sauce and also like the Lexington Dip and Queen City Signature.  This is a good place to hang out and would go back.
4	I had the side plate and the macaroni and cheese was delicious. The vibe was great and the bartenders were really helpful. It's not the best bar-b-que  in Charlotte but it was definitely worth a visit.
4	It took a few minutes for someone to wait on me but that was a good thing because there were many items on the menu that tempted me. I settled on the Caolina pulled pork BBQ sandwich with a side of Best Mac n Cheese on the recommendation of my waitress. Both were delicious. BBQ sandwich comes with slaw on it but they will put it on the side if you request it. There are 3 or 4 different bottles/styles of sauce that you can saturate your BBQ sandwich with. I chose the Queeen City specialty sauce. You also have the choice of a mustard base sauce and Eastern Carolina style.Once I got waited on the meal arrived quickly and the service was excellent.This is a good environment for familes and for groups that want to eatch college football.I want to go back and try other items so if anyone has suggestions, please share with me.
4	First time in Charlotte on business.  We decided to give it a try. Everything was amazing good size plate of pulled pork and the side of mac and cheese was amazing!  Looking forward to a few more meals when up here for work!
3	The jury is still out on this place for me, really good BBQ, good atmosphere but I've been a few places just a little better.
4	Hit the Queen City Q with 2 of my band mates this week. A few months ago, I would have been in Q heaven. I've been on a vegetarian diet for a while now.  1 friend had the pulled pork plate and the other had the Buffalo chicken fingers. They both loved it. As for me I had the fried pickles and the pimento cheese spread with pita chips. I was not disappointed!! Great beer selection and atmosphere, PLUS, it's right across the street from our band rehearsal space. I will return!
5	Best BBQ place I've been to in Charlotte thus far. The meat on the wings was literally falling off as I ate them. Pulled pork was delicious. Seasoning was on point. Everything you could ask for in a bbq place. One qualm I have with the place is their sauces were not my favorite. Vinegar based is not my go to, but then again some might disagree. But is that really a reason to give them 4 stars as opposed to 5. I don't think so.
4	I'm just passing through Charlotte for business and the hotel recommended this place. Very good! I had the ribs which fell off the bone, the Mac and cheese...pretty standard but good and the corn maque choux.....holy cats! Get this! Spicy creamed corn:) the kernels of corn are still crisp and have a good crunch like corn right off the cob but in this cream sauce with peppers. Delicious! I sat at the bar and everyone is incredibly personable especially my bearded bartender. If I'm ever back in Charlotte again I'll be back
5	I'll start off by saying I grew up in Eastern Nc, where BBQ was born. I have high expectations when I go out to eat, having worked in food service my whole life. He atmosphere is great, we dined on a Tuesday night and even brought our 1 yr old. We were seated promptly,greeted my every staff member that passed by. Angie was our server. She was incredibly knowledgable about the menu. We lucked out because Tuesday night had half price local brews and they had great options. We order smoked chicken and the BBQ sampler with pork, ribs and brisket and decided to share. You have a selection of sauces, so to those who have said it wasn't seasoned or sauced enough... You have 6 bottles on your table!!! I doused mine in eastern nc vinegar sauce and my husband used the SC mustard sauce. We ate until we literally couldn't take another bite. It was delicious! The green bean casserole was like thanksgiving dinner!As we left, out server chased us out to the garage give us our son's snacks we left on the table. All around fair prices, quick and delicious with great atmosphere and service. Not sure there is one thing I'd change... Except maybe wheelchairs to roll you out after your meal!
5	Everything was amazing and the service was outstanding.  Pulled pork with different bbq sauce options, sweet potato fries, green bean casserole, Mac and cheese, local brews.  Cannot go wrong.
5	Great BBQ and they are always friendly!food and a chill atmosphere. I eat here for lunch and take out often. The kids love the root beer floats and I love the St. Louis ribs.
5	Brisket is always give stars for me!Not to mention the brisket nachos! They are to die for !
5	We had a medium sized group of 10-12 people.  We went for the ECU vs Florida College football Bowl game.  Stephanie was our bartender/waiter.  She was one of the best bartenders I have ever seen.  She was helpful with service and very fast and efficient.  Also the food was excellent.  Very good experience.  Would highly recommend to ask for Stephanie as a bartender/waiter.
