4	Simply put, Cutters is a nice place to go smoke a cigar. It's in the Marriott uptown so the people watching is always good and the ambience of the bar itself is creative and comfortable. I have had some good conversations in Cutters. The cigars in the Cutters humidor are (in my opinion) quite overpriced so I usually bring my own. There is 1 excellent 9 foot pocket pool table for those that like to shoot pool, and the bar is well stocked with quality adult beverages of choice and has a professional, friendly bar tender. Whenever I am in Charlotte I try to spend at least one evening relaxing on a comfortable sofa in a nice room enjoying a Makers Mark on the rocks with a highly rated cigar. Cutters is the only place in Charlotte I have found that I can do this.
5	A Charlotte secret and those who know about it, like it that way.  (hmmm, maybe I shouldn't write this review?)This is a throw back cigar bar.  Period, end of story.  Amazing wine selection and bar.  This is your classic cocktail place with a staff that knows what that means.  Surprising thing is they have an incredible menu!  You would not suspect it, but man they got some talented chefs back there... somewhere.Obviously, I am a fan.  Great for business meetings, just a cocktail or a complete and utter celebration.And really not smokey.
3	Dark.Mysterious.Sexy.Uncertainty.There is nothing more intriguing than the dimly lit, dark wood, leather clad cigar bar. Cutters is no exception, perhaps even more so that the clientele typically come from anywhere but there, and all have a story to tell. Unlike the average local bar where you see the same local faces and hear the same local story, Cutters holds curiosity.What you can be certain of is the high ratio of men to women. And most men there will have an affinity for cigars and scotch. And that is not a bad thing.
4	Very cool place to relax and enjoy a good drink.  It wasn't too crowded the night I was there so we had the "library" room to ourselves and the service was excellent.
5	I must give this place 5 stars!!  It is the perfect Man's Lair.  Cigars, liquor, beer, and great service.  The waitresses know their cigars.  I told them what I normally enjoy and they steered me in the direction of something new that I loved.  I love trying new things and they knew how to entice me.  It is a little bit expensive, but be comforted by the fact that you are paying for quality.  That is what it's all about.  Getting your moneys worth.  Give it try and you will be happy..(Only problem - not enough to lose any stars - There are zero TVs.  Which can be nice some times.)-Ian M.
4	Awesome place. Makes you feel like you are legitimate big dog the second you walk in the door.Moved to Charlotte in May. Went there once three months ago. Went again recently and the bartender remembers what I ordered and didn't even have to ask. He's legitThe cigar's are nice. A little pricey. If you are into smoking the fat ones, go there. It's located in the Marriott, so utilize the valet parking. The bartender will validate that ish for you.
4	Sinatra in the background. Rich, dark colors. Low lights. Supple leather furniture. Exquisit bar. Attentive staff. The waft of smooth smoke.Not what I expected when a few friends suggest I meet them at Cutters. I had no idea what it was - it sounded like a really sad emo club. Pleasantly surprised was I! If you have been looking for that classy place to relax, have a drink and perhaps a cigar and a nice chat with friends on furniture that looks like it was taken from Bogart's conservatory, this is the place. The hours are very accomodating to the atmosphere - hours seem to fly by in that place, and before we all knew it, it was 1 am.As some other people previously mentioned, this place does have a very limited selection; a few cohibas, some Monte Cristos, and your usual Romeo et Julietas, but that's about it. Also, the mark up is pretty ridiculous, about 2x-3x times what you'd pay in a cigar store or more if you're used to a J.R. They do, however, have a very good wine/bourbon/whisky/scotch selection. I was very happy with their port selection, and I highly recommend the tawny with the Monte Cristo White. Will be back, though I'll probably just foot the fee and bring my own selection.
4	I certainly enjoy a good cigar and one of the few places in Charlotte to light up this is one of my favorites.  The bartenders are great, they are friendly and provide first class service.  I will say that the cigar selection is a little disappointing but they don't mind if you bring your own.  As for prices, well like most cigar bars you will pay for the privilege to smoke indoors.
1	Where do I start. It was a friend's 30th birthday so we wanted to go somewhere and light up a cigar to celebrate. Given Cutters is one of the few (if not only) indoor cigar smoking bars/options, your hands are kind of tied if you like cigars. I called (at 11pm) before going and was told last call was at 12:30 and the bar closes at 1am. At midnight, the waitress comes around for last call. When I ask what happened to 12:30 for last call, she says that the food and beverage director wants to shut down early - no other reason for the early closing. 20 minutes later, a waitress comes over while we are finishing our cigar and drinks and says, "Alright guys, you have to leave now" and opens the door. If this is customer service, I'd hate to see what customer disservice looks like. I guess paying $15 worth of cutting fees for the cigars we brought with us and purchasing several drinks was not enough to buy good customer service. We were clearly unhappy about the way we were being treated but left anyway. On the way out, the waitress holding the door makes unnecessary comments about our slowness in leaving the bar at 12:20 (which should be open until 1am). The waitress and the food and beverage director proceed to follow us out of the hotel, ask if we were staying there and threatened to have us kicked off the property. The sad part is we had not spoken with the food and beverage director up until this point so instead of inquiring about our displeasure and what happened, he immediately jumps to conclusions. Needless to say, Marriott Charlotte City Center and Marriott's Corporate Customer Service center will be receiving letters regarding this incident and the customer service of its staff. I personally hope Cutters gets what it deserves and closes up. It gives Charlotte entertainment options a bad name and the customer service was the worst I've experienced in a long time. Cutters does not have to worry about my patronage going forward and Marriott should be ashamed to have such poor customer service associated with its brand.
4	First night in town it's cold and rainy we don't want to go out, but we do want to check out the sights, have a few drinks, relax, and chill. The Cutter's Cigar Bar is located in the Marriott Hotel (Downtown Charlotte). First of all let me just say this, don't go to a cigar bar unless you like the smell of cigars, smoke them, or are at least willing to try one. Stay back, otherwise your just going to be a pain in the a$$, sitting around huffin and puffin with a dry sullen look on your face, wondering why everyone is so damn relaxed? I don't hang with these people, but I've seen them and felt sorry for whoever invited them. As one chick with bodycon Kim K dress and well coifed weave was with a group of men and protested aloud that cigar smoking was not lady like, and I'm thinking like neither are your hair a$$ legs?! But anyways.... The staff is very knowledgeable about the products that they sell. If you are a whiskey Bourbon drinker, these sweet southern "ladytenders" know how to knock a grown man off his feet as my boy (a man in his 40's) couldn't even finish his whiskey with bitters, because it was so damn strong.I had a French Martini that was a little on the hard side, they ran out of Chambord, no biggie, the bartender just added extra pineapple juice. I had more of a lady's cigar per say. The bartender recommended this fabulous Vanilla and Cognac medium sized cigar by C.A.O called Moontrance. C.A.O has an array of vanilla and honey flavored selections that make a unique gift for say a light to medium weight cigar smoker.  The drinks n' smokes complimented each other well, after sitting in a car for 8 hours, that was the perfect way to unwind. I went back a day later and bought a medium grade cigar for my brother and a chocolate flavored cigar by Acid for myself.
4	The service here is phenomenal. People are very friendly and seem genuinely eager to help. The collection of whiskey and cigars is decent. But, they'll charge you an arm and a leg!  Couple of single malts and a cigar will easily cost you ~$80-100
5	A very well managed cigar lounge.  One of the best I've seen.  The staff knows their stock very well. Decor is top notch. The food I had was above board and the atmosphere was incredible.  I will be going back for sure as I have more business in Charlotte...
5	I enjoyed Cutters! Nice decor; reminds me of a room George Vanderbilt would have at the Biltmore house for after dinner drinks and cigars. Good background jazz music!There is a good selection of cigars and the service was great!I had an Absinthe cocktail. Absinthe is something I've only read about and seen on TV. I as curious about how it tasted.It is a strong drink, with a licorice flavor.  It was good and it is something I may try again.
5	The only place to smoke and relax with a cigar while downtown Charlotte. Most places forbid cigars due to regulation. This is the only place to light up indoors and get a drink. It is inside the Charlotte Marriott.Parking is validated so make sure you get it stamped.The place is classic old world setup. Dark wood paneling, comfy leather chairs, full bar with an impressive line up of scotch, single malts and cognac. There is a selection of cigars available here, including Padrons, Fuente and even some legal Cuban cigars.If you bring your own smokes, they will help you cut and light for a $5 fee.
4	A favorite Uptown hang out when me and my friends like to kick back and pretend we are rich.  I feel like Dean Martin hanging out with the Rat Pack when I'm shooting pool in this place.  Drinks are stiff, the waitresses know a good cigar and bottle of wine when they see one, and the place is a far cry from the trendy, yuppified hangouts that have become so popular with the birth of the Epicenter Uptown...a real breath of fresh air from the normal party spots.Buyer beware...you WILL drop at least a Benjamin if you so much as SNEEZE inside this bar...no one ever said high falootin' living came cheap!
4	Stayed at the Marriot for a family members wedding. This place was perfect, as there are no cigar bars in Ohio!  Well poured drinks, but you may want to bring your own cigars as the markup is a bit steep. Great atmosphere and friendly service nonetheless! Everything a good cigar hangout should be! Leather seats, great music, very clean. It's just too bad I don't get to go through this town very often, as I would live there from 8-11pm !!
5	"A woman is a woman but a good cigar is always a smoke"Cutters is hands down the classiest cigar lounge I have been to.  From Australia to Singapore and London to NYC, the place can not be beat.Settle in to any of the leather nailhead wingback chairs and prepare to be pampered. The staff is awesome.  Alicia and Sam are the 2 longterm veterans and they will treat you right.  The drink prices are a bit to the high side, but you will never suffer the indignity of an empty glass, or the lack of a good story if either of them are there.The cigar selection is reasonable; prices also a bit to the high side, but you are paying for a rare privilege of having a wonderful venue to chill out, enjoy a smoke, and NOT have a sports bar feel to the place.The back room has a full size pool table (no charge!) where it is not uncommon to see an executive of one of the banks in town playing the role of 'shark'. The middle room feels like a library at a regally appointed home with a fireplace and more comfortable chairs and tables.Among my favorite haunts.  Grab your favorite smoke, a liberally poured cocktail and let the days stress depart in the blue smoke of your cigar.
1	Don't bother with this place. What a joke. We had a seat at the bar, no staff in sight. Waited about 15 - 20 minutes. Although two employees were milling about just around the corner, neither checked on the bar even once. Finally a waitress came out, brought a check to a table, walked behind the bar, fiddled with the dishwasher just a few feet away from us but never made eye contact. She proceeded to joke around with some customers at the other end of the bar, continuing to ignore us entirely. Fed up, we got up and left. But wait, it gets better...moments later a different waitress came running out after us, asking if we'd paid for our tab. WTF???Avoid at all costs.
5	Must say that Bulleit Burbon is very hard to find and this place had it.  SCORE!! Dark leather, dark wood, great conversation areas, lots of cigar smoke and great service.  Didn't have to buy a cigar, the place was a blue-grey haze of smoke.   Kind of wonky getting into the place.  It's not really in the hotel but it is.  You have to walk in the breezeway before the lobby.  Door is a bit unexpected, but not hidden.  Not their fault, but in a sense it adds to the ambiance.
5	Oh man... Simply put, this place is perfect.I heard that there was a cigar bar in Charlotte some mad my way over to this place to check it out. From the second I walked in, I knew this was gonna be an ideal experience.First off the place is lined with leather couches that take you back in time to the 1930's. The servers were the nicest and most helpful I've experienced to date. They walked me through the entire rum selection and even made a few recommendations relevant to certain cigars for the best possible experience. Btw, the rum selection is amazing and that earned this place five stars by itself.The server then walked me over to the cigar selection and gave a detailed explanation for each cigar. After choosing a medium strength cigar, I sat back in leather couch and zoned out for next few hours with n amazing cigar and a great glass of rum. They were playing some of best of 1950's jazz which just made it even more perfect.If you're a fan of cigars or the cigar bar scene and are in Charlotte, get on over to this place!
3	I have been here on several occasions.  The atmosphere is nice.  It can get a little loud, but that is to be expected.  The staff is extremely friendly and welcoming.    The overall feel is cozy, the kind of place you would expect when you think of a cigar bar and a good scotch. There is a pool table (maybe two) but I haven't ever seen anyone playing on them.  The drinks are pricey, again expected at this type of place.  I definitely recommend this place for any cigar smoker or someone that is looking for a good place to have after dinner drinks.
4	I recently was putting together a city guide for some clients coming into town. They were staying right near the Epi Center so most of the bars and restaurants in the guide where there. However, this is one of the few bars that made it into the guide that was not. It is a great bar for business people visiting to relax and enjoy a nice cocktail and cigar. There are 2 pool tails and several couches to lounge in. The staff is always great.Down Sides: Drinks are fairly pricey and the bar is extremely dark. It's smokey which should be expected since this is a cigar bar.
1	Don't bother going. Walked in very excited to enjoy a cigar & watch the game. No TV's!  They said they didn't want to take away from their sports bar, which you can't smoke in. So I left. Horrible business model.
4	I don't smoke cigars, but if I did I'd come here.Was here for a private event and the space is great - lots of large leather chairs and space to hang out. Great selection of scotch and other brown spirits. Pool table as well.
4	I suppose I am a bit unusual female as in I actually love Cigar Bars. They remind me of little speakeasy's in mob movies :)Cutters is awesome. A little dim, leather sofa's, pool tables, well dressed clients. Attached to the marriot, they could have closer bathrooms. Ladies - remember anything you wear will probably need to go to the dry cleaners to get the smoky smell out -- even your coat!The waitresses were a little slow, maybe they were understaffed, but it was a Friday night! They were very friendly though. This is a great place for a date or a group that plays pool.
4	I love an occasional cigar while traveling out of town.  I found Cutters and decided to have my ritual end of day smoke.  The reviews weren't wrong.  This place will remind you of a 1930's speakeasy.  Ask for Katie. She is awesome.
3	This bar is connected to a Marriott.  They didn't have a great cigar selection, and they were pricey.  But if you are a out of town traveler staying at that particular Marriott and you have a affinity toward cigars, you should have an enjoyable evening. It was a good place to have a drink and a conversation.
4	Not being a really big cigar guy, I do however enjoy one with a stiff drink every now and again.  I had the chance to try this place out and I have to say I was instantly impressed.  I think it was the decor really that did me in.  Leather chairs, sofas and love seats.  Comfortable bar stools and warm wood accents and tables.  Perfect interior for a nice relaxing time.  In terms of food, drinks and cigars I would rank it as acceptable.  I wasn't really there long enough for food so I'll have to chime in on that at another time I suppose.  I do hope to come back some time soon.
3	We loved the environment.. However, it had the smallest selection of cigars we have ever seen. They only had about 15 cigars to choose from in the whole lounge, all which were marked up dramatically. We are used to a cigar lounge in Raleigh that has 200+ different cigars to choose from... So unfortunately, we were very unimpressed with Cutters... The beer selection was also terrible. Only budlight, coors light, etc... All $5.50 each. Rip off.
5	Cigar bar at the Marriott. Way cool!. I didn't realize they were serving from their bar menu as well as from Savannah Red (great restaurant on property). I had the $8 crabcake appetizer. Lots of lump crabmeat. Definitely a nice bargain. Bartender Sam was very friendly and attentive. Nice crowd. Great cigars. Excellent choices of scotch and gin. My kind of place.
3	I was in Charlotte on business and decided that I wanted to relax one evening with a cigar and a nice Margarita.  Cutters was the only option that looked doable.  Long story short, the food was great and the margarita was awesome. The cigar selection was very tiny and way over priced!  I was very disappointed with what I spent on food and drinks. Overall if you are a banker and on and on an expense account, go for it but bring your own cigars!
4	Very relaxed environment. Service was great, very friendly. Large selection of drinks; beer, wines, liquor. Just a good place to sit and take a load off.
5	Cigar lounge that truly deserves the name. Don't get fooled by by Marriott location. Great staff, great location and music (incl. billiard). Prices are fair and food can be ordered from the restaurant just opposite. Selection of whiskeys is standard. Cigar selection appear to be ok though I cant say for sure as I stick to Cubans (you can bring your own for a surcharge). Smoked a Monte Open Eagle, ate a great filet mignon and enjoyed local beer. Perfect early Saturday evening after a long oversea flight.Totally recommendable.
4	Great atmosphere, unfortunately no parking , like in most uptown. place is ideal for smokers , now that smoking has been prohibited everywhere, you can smoke inside by the bar or in the luxurious leather  chairs with a tasty beverage.  Con: Their bartender is a little snobby.
4	I really enjoyed this place.  It has outstanding customer service and a very appealing atmosphere including lots of leather furniture.  Great ventilation with all the cigar smoking.  The only thing this place was missing was TV which I experience at other cigar lounges.   Overall, me and wife was very satisfied and would go again.
3	I have recently moved to Charlotte from Manhattan where I used to go to Club Macanudo, Lexington bar and Books, Hudson Bar and Books, and Cigar Inn on 54th and [71]st. Let me tell you that I have never seen an Arturo Fuente Hemingway cost $29 dollars. If you smoke cigars and know a little bit about the prices, you would know that they retail for about $7 and in aforementioned places in NYC they go for up to $15. It's like paying $15 dollars for a cup of Starbucks cofee or $50 for Stoli and soda... Just makes no sense. The place is pretty nice, and the service is good, so no other issues... Next time I would bring my own sticks and pay a $5 cutting fee.
5	This is one of my favorite locations. It was 2011 since my last visit and Katie remembered me from previous visits, particularly how I rant about Atlanta!  There is more that I like about Charlotte, including this place! I digress.Katie and Jamie are great bartenders both of them made a good Tom Collins!
4	The cigar prices are marked up substantially, so bring your own sticks and pay the $5 cut fee. However, the service, decor, and bar selection are top notch! Waitresses and bartenders are super friendly and they mix great drinks. A great place to enjoy the finer things in life and converse with the fellas.  The class and ambience of Cutters are unmatched.
5	Bring your own cigars and pay the cut fee. The atmosphere is great for intimate meets. However, if you are looking for a place for you and the guys, there are only a few spots to sit. No more than 5 people and you'll love this spot.
