5	Steve E. is the best VIP host in Las Vegas!  It's because of him that I met my husband!  He def knows all the best clubs on the best nights, and will hook you up with a weekend that you will never forget!  Love him!
5	Sylvia from Monsoon is the GREATEST host that I have ever done business with. Thanks to her knowledge I have never been to a Vegas party that wasn't a GREAT time!! I try to come out to Vegas every 3 months and she always has the best restaurants lined up complete with reservations. The bottom line is that when I land in Vegas I get to be on vacation, because Sylvia takes care of everything I could need! The Monsoon group is the top of the game! The whole team has always been extremely friendly and treats you like family when your around them.If you go to Vegas with out Monsoon your not "REALLY" Doing Vegas!
5	By air or land when I arrive in beautiful Las Vegas the two first things that I do is get a drink, secondly call the Monsoon Group and more specificaly Antonio Espinoza' s cell phone because in the 8 year of knowing him he has never steered us wrong. He goes the xtra mile to make sure your stay  is one of the best ever. Monsoon Group has taken me to some of the hottest parties! If anyone wants to see Vegas how it should call Antonio or the Monsoon Group
5	I have to say my trip out to Vegas last October was a major blast due to the great hosting of MICHAEL DE LOS SANTOS! I loved how he knew of all the best clubs to hit up and how attentive he was to my partying agenda! Would recommend and will again soon be having Michael a part of every experience to come when in VEGAS!!!!
5	Monsoon Group is a one stop shop for any and all needs in Sin City! If you want to know where to be seen , what hot places to dine, and party then look no further. Ask for Sylvia, she is amazing and will plan your vegas itinerary perfectly from start to finish. If you're coming in for a group or convention then Robert is an excellent planner for your group function and or corporate party. Im so glad I contacted Monsoon  they really listened to me and worked hard to make my trip sucussful! Thanks guys...
5	Brian at Monsoon VIP is highly recommended. I suggested some friends to go through him in regards to the night life and they were extremely happy.  They liked all the options that were given to them as well as the professionalism at how he handled everything.I've gone through other promoters and promotion groups and I always get late responses or get told I'm getting a deal but I'm not. Some clubs will give me the same if not better deals. With Brian I didn't have that problem, he was more than willing to accept a competitors quote and try if not  beat it.good times in Vegas and more to come with the help of Brian and Monsoon VIP!HIGHLY RECOMMENDED. if your new to Vegas Brian has suggestions for everything from food to shopping to best bars and clubs for what your favorite genre is.
5	Monsoon VIP is very attentive and professional! Specifically, Brian B. who assisted me with my friend's bachelorette party at XS. He was not pushy and nor did he try to milk us (like some other hosts I have dealt with in the past). As he promised, we had a good time! The girls and I felt like he was easy to talk to, which was a plus because he recommended marquee for us to relax at the next day and shows we should check out. Thanks for helping us create a stress free bach! I will definitely be contacting Monsoon/Brian in the future :)
5	Dealt with Mark over two trips in the past and also with Brian on my last visit in sin city. Again had an awesome time. Very professionals and punctuals. They work with you to offer you the night out you are looking for and their availabilities and ease of communication make planning a night out not only a huge success but also a piece of cake. I already look forward to my next trip and will definitely reach out to Mark and Brian again. This is a must if you want to take your party to the next level.
