4	Although the little dude who checked me in wasn't well-versed in their Mac policies, he was very nice and tried his best to help me.  I would have been able to talk to their Mac technician directly, but he wasn't in at the moment.  When I asked to confirm a few things, another employee at the counter brought the owner out and he was very nice as well.  They are an authorized Mac dealer and repair center and if your Mac is under warranty there will be no cost to you.  Their Mac repair guy called me the next day to clarify a few items the guy at the counter had taken down wrong.  The very next day after that, he called to let me know he was finished with the repair.I will definitely continue taking my Mac here, rather than the Apple Store at West Towne.
3	Above average in many ways, no big weaknesses.  This is a good play to go if you want hardware upgrades, they have a lot of parts and components for PCs that will help you out if you are working on your machine at home compared to a box store that usually only has the three most popular cord converters/PSUs.
5	A great business I wasn't able to do business with.  I did try! :)I emailed them with a question about wireless and they responded that they didn't want me to have to pay them until I checked everything out with my DSL provider because it sounded like their issue.  A big part of the problem was with my DSL provider but my network was still acting up.Unfortunately Apple pulled all of the authorized dealership licenses around the Apple store so they ultimately weren't able to help me but they couldn't have been nicer.  I would recommend these guys in a second if you've got a non-Apple house (for the basic network stuff, I'm sure an iPad or an iPhone won't matter).  Had they been able to work on my 100% Apple house they were able to make an appointment within a few days.
4	This place is great! We got our Apple questions answered here and what options were open to us, without any up sale or pressure at all. We will be coming back.
