4	A mall massage!  The ever enterprising Chinese brought this to mall America.  Like in Thailand and China there are massage therapies available everywhere.  Well they made it to the US malls for those tired shoppers.  I was surprised to see that the chairs were all occupied and we actually had to wait a few minutes to be serviced.  They have chair, table and foot reflexology.  15 minutes for $15, 30 minutes for $30 and $60 for 15 minutes each of chair and table and a 30 minute reflexology.  The chair and table are done fully clothed and these Chinese therapists are use to working hard in their home country so they can really work you over.  The foot reflexology is very relaxing and they certainly relief some of those tight muscles from the high heels, but I would have to give my Thai experience the edge.  The place is functional at best, but the staff are courteous and run a tight ship.  I don't know how many hours a day they work, but they are constantly busy and I just hope they aren't being brought over as work slaves.
4	Great way to get a good massage without needing an appointment. Feeling stressed or sore just head to the mall and get a quality chair or table massage.
5	I've had a lot of massages from a lot of different places and I have to say, this is one of my favorite places to come. I always have courteous service and the employees know what they are doing. I wish I spoke the language, it would make communicating easier, but they always understand when I tell them a certain area hurts. I think i have a free punch on my card now too!
4	I went today right when they opened at 11:00 with no appointment.  I  wasn't sure what to get so I asked for a recommendation for something that did "everything".  She suggested the table massage for a half hour, so I did it.  It's a great massage!  Clothes are left on, you are face down on the table and she works you over.  I liked the fact that she spent a lot of the time on my shoulders since that is where my stress is.  She did the entire body, legs, arms, feet, arms, hands, head.  She got in there with her elbows and full force on me and I really appreciated it.  I've had massages that were too light and it just pissed me off- but not here.  It was nice and deep and she pushed on certain areas that were knotted up/tense.  I was given a punch card and I'll be back.  For $30.00 it was the best half hour I've ever experienced.  but-- only one small complaint-- I would have liked some kind of fresh scent in there.  It was kind of musty/sweaty smelling where lavender or floral could have improved my experience.  Good relaxing music played, but some kind of yummy smell would help.  It's located by Macy's mall entrance at Metro Center.
4	I've been back several times and I have zero complaints.  If you are stressed out and need to relax, this is the place for you.  No waiting, very thorough, low prices.
3	Its not a bad spot for not needing an appointment. But the massage quality very much differs on who you get.
