5	We had both sides of the family coming to visit, so I purchased a Living Social deal for two hours of deep cleaning.  I was a little leery because the last Living Social deal I bought for cleaning services, did not work out AT ALL (and thankfully I received a refund for that awful experience).  Prismaclean put all my fears to rest and I was so impressed with their professionalism and service!  Javier was very helpful with our initial contact through text and also called the day before to confirm my appointment.  (These were already major bonus points with me, because the last maid service I tried to use didn't do either!)  The two women who came were very nice and got right to work.  I wasn't sure how much they could do in two hours, so I asked that they simply focus on our kitchen and two bathrooms.  They blew me away with how much and how well they cleaned every single room in those two hours!  Excellent job and will definitely be using them again in the future.
5	The best maid service I've ever used. Professional all the way. I had tried other cleaning services and was so disappointed. Javier runs a great business with a great crew. I will not use any other service.
1	I purchased a voucher for house cleaning services for prismaclean. I booked my appointment and they did not show up.  I was told that a message was left the day before confirming my appointment and because I did not call them back,  they booked their staff with another client.  I took the day off work to be home for this.  Giving the benefit of the doubt and because I had already paid for the service I scheduled another appointment.  I spoke with Javier the day before and confirmed the day and time.  Again they did not show up.  I repeatedly called Javier and left messages.  They have not responded to me.  I had to argue to get my money back for the voucher purchased. I am extremely disappointed.
1	It's so unfortunate to have to go from being very impressed and having my expectations exceeded, to being extremely disappointed and receiving zero customer service. I'm not sure what caused such a difference in quality (or lack of) but you would think they'd want to keep recurring business. I texted Javier a week before we received keys to our new house to make sure they were available to clean it before we moved in that weekend and he was initially very responsive. We purposely scheduled it when we were off from work and the day before we were scheduled to start moving.  However he eventually stopped returning calls and texts and never showed up! Even after my husband wanted to give him the benefit of the doubt and continued to try to contact him after the missed appointment. Still no response. If they're hoping groupons and living social vouchers will keep them afloat, maybe they should ensure they actually retain customers after luring them in  or reviews like these will continue to deter future customers from doing business with them at all.
1	Marielle said it all. Very unprofessional. Beware the owner, he will never respond to phone calls or text messages due to prior engagements. Satisfied with their previous maid service, but unsatisfied with their business.
4	They were a little late, but with this type of service, it's to be expected with driving, etc. The man was very fast calling & even text me back to let me know their eta. I liked the women & they worked hard for the entire 2 hours & did a great job! After 2 other cleaning companies standing me up I really appreciated the good communication! I will definitely have them back again!
1	I found this company on Living Social and bought one of their deals, I contacted the number listed on the voucher and received a text back indicating that they were in a meeting and I should send my address for their availability...ummm absolutely I was not going to send my address to some random individual, whom I had never spoken to, over text! I replied indicating that I would like to speak to someone. A man called me back and I verified that this was the Living Social Deal. He then gave me the availability for the following week so I set an appointment. The day before my appointment I get a text informing me that they have to cancel and they let me know that they can show up at my house that day. I inform them that this is not possible and ask what other appointments are available, the man stated that he will have to get back to me.  The day of my appointment comes and goes and there has still been no follow up from this company. My advice beware, stay away. This company is unprofessional and lacks understanding of basic customer service.
