2	I came to this shop because Discount Tire broke a stud while changing my tire. Discount pays for this repair only through Network. This will be the only reason I ever come back to this shop.I have been here in the past for repairs. Customer service is terrible and front desk is very unorganized. The first two repairs I had at this shop were fine. I came back for a air conditioning problem. Network told me that I needed a new air compressor at $1500. I didn't have the money at the time and chose to hold off on the repair. I ended up going to another shop for a second opinion and estimate. The other shop found the compressor was perfectly fine it was a bad seal on the compressor. I paid under a $100 for part and labor, I also was taken into the bay, shown and explained the problem. Network is a joke and embarrassment to the honest automotive shops.
4	i almost didn't take my car here when i saw the other review, but discount recommended them...my experience was great-everyone there was really nice, got my car in the garage right away (had an appointment), got the alignment done, and i even added on an oil change. i'd go there again.
4	I've been going here off an on since 2004, and have had pleasant experiences. It seems like the same guys since the first time I went, which to me tells me they have experience and a loyalty to their company and customers. They are always nice to me, and try to explain what's going on with my car as well as present me with options for repair. They are also great about trying to save me money by doing things like contacting manufacturer's about warranties, offering me packaged deals that cover what i wanted anyways, and providing discounts. One time I went for a package deal that was actually cheaper than the individual things i needed done for my 60,000 mile checkup. Part of the package included new filters, but since I had just switched them out myself and they were still in practically new condition. They went ahead and gave me the new filters, saying that I didn't need new ones, but i paid for them. I really appreciated this even if they only cost a few bucks each. Another time, it was slightly unfortunate in that it took a very long for them to get to my car and complete all the repairs/order parts etc. I waited patiently and didn't complain and they were very grateful. They kept thanking me for my patience and apologizing for the wait. When the bill came they had given me every special and discount available including an overall discount on the bottom line for the wait. It's not often that companies will give you anything without you having to bitch. While the wait was unfortunate, they did what they could to make it an overall good customer service experience. Overall good customer service, and a place that I trust. **as an added bonus, the mesa library is within walking distance.
5	Great service, fair prices! Can't beat it.
1	This place is the rudest, most inconsiderate bunch of assholes I have ever seen. They are recommended by discount tire because they are owned by them or they get commission for referrals. I will never go back there again. I waited for 2 hours for an estimate, asked several times how long, and by the time I was done, they estimated 2000 for front ball joints and a tie rod on my van. BULL SHIT, it cost me 325 at sun devil. What a fucking joke!!!!
5	I went to Network Automotive for a 'second opinion' when my dealer ( Large well known ...who had been doing my service work for years) told me I needed $4000 in repairs on my Ford explorer .. Including a rebuild of the rear differential ..Nick Marcell and his team checked it out ..found it needed a rear hub assembly and a new controlArm up front .. Total plus tax $1,038.. I had suspected my dealer was trying to get me to buy a new car .... Nick told me my Ford was a great car that had many more miles to go .. And it will under their care ...
5	Awesome customer service!  Very informative and great prices!  Would recommend to everyone!  They always take great care of my Mini Cooper!
5	Nick and the rest of the group are amazing! Last time I got my car repaired they came back with a quote 1/3 of anyone else and when I went to pay  it was even cheaper than that.  As a female I usually get screwed with car stuff but not these guys! Recommend to everyone!
5	Nick Marcell and another mechanic, also Nick, were phenomenal! Had a botched attempt at changing my spark plugs and was worried I would be without a vehicle until Tuesday (the soonest most places could get me in) I called them and they got my truck in as soon as I got there. They even stayed after the shop had closed to finish the job! Incredible customer service, no sales or BS, and quality work! I am extremely thankful to Nick and Nick for their professionalism. I will be back without a doubt! Can't say enough about my experience!
5	I like this place because my wife takes the her car there and they have never tried to offer unnesscary repairs . They once misdiagnosed a problem and did not charge me for the unnesscary repair.
5	This place is wonderful! They are honest and never offer repairs that aren't needed. They give you a time frame so you can plan ahead and budget for it. I take my car there for irregular repairs but also general maintenance and I've found they are usually quicker than they estimate. If they tell you it will take about 2 hours, they'll call sooner & tell you your car is done. I love that! They do all the same repairs as the Toyota dealership I was originally taking my car to but for much less money and hassle. I highly recommend Network Automotive.
5	Great shop!  Honest, friendly and fair.  Been coming here for 15+ years and trust them with far more than just alignments.
