5	This is a public charter school.  EKA is a great option to CCSD.  iPads are great, technology is wonderful, but my favorite part of this elementary school is the "pods.". They put four classes together in one large area. The kids have an advisor (homeroom teacher) and then they break out into groups depending on their reading & math level.  For my son, this is what he needed.  In a regular classroom, the teacher will divide out the children based on reading levels, and then work with each group one at a time.  This leaves 3/4 of the classroom working on their own.  At EKA, there is no time that the kids are not learning.  Only draw back is that there is no "cafeteria."  They have lunch catered in.  It is healthy and reasonably priced, but you must order at least 48 hours in advance.  They draw back is that you, as mom, cannot forget lunch because there is no back up of school lunch.  They do have a vending machine with lunchables and vitamin water.  I have been very happy with EKA so far.
1	This will be a multi-part review.  First, I attended the orientation and this is what I saw.  The classrooms are located in large rooms which are blocked off with partitions (similar to what is used for cubicles in a work place).  The grades are grouped 2nd-3rd and 4th-5th (I'm unsure about any other because those are the grades I needed).  All the kids have their own IPAD, which are not allowed to be removed from the classroom.  Second, I attempted to enroll my child who is special needs.  I was informed that there is not a separate resource room and that resource is essentially combined in a small group and taught by a regular teacher.  I was also informed that even if my child is behind in learning I am not legally allowed to hold my own child back (of course this was not a licensed attorney) a grade. I have to allow the child to be continued to be pushed through to the next grade and next grade.  LOL. And this would be what is wrong with the children in the state of Nevada.  I am actually thankful that they did not accept my child because I would not want my child to attend a school that thinks they are too good to have my special needs child.
5	They do have a resource room with a special ed specialized teacher.  I have really appreciated working with the team on my child's IEP.  Can they serve all students' IEPs?  No.  They do not have the full services that a traditional CCSD school.  So, to expect it is a little ridiculous.
5	My son started Kindergarten at EKA last fall.  I had been researching schools since he was a toddler.  We asked parents, visited schools, went to many orientations and researched online.  We felt EKA was the best fit for our family.  I love that they are project based and mix technology (every student has an iPad) with traditional  (and non traditional) learning.   I also like that they have longer school days and 4 day week (off Mondays).  The teachers and staff have been great.  My son has an IEP for speech.  I mention this because of one of the negative reviews below.  I have not had any issues or problems with his services.  Also want to note they do have a separate resources room with specialized teachers as Heather A mentioned.  Drop off and pick up can take a little getting used to (they have a valet system) but once you get the hang of it, it is not a big deal.  I am so happy with our choice and looking forward to enrolling my twin girls in a few years.
4	My daughter has gone here for Kindergarten & 1st grade. So far we are both happy with the facilities and the teachers.  I really like the experience my daughter gets presenting the numerous projects each year, and for us, the 4 day weeks work out well. The drop off & pick up valet does take a little getting used to, and is a bit of a pain at the beginning of each school year with everyone learning the routine, but after a week or so it's pretty smooth sailing and I like having my kid taken out & put in my car with no far walk to her classroom.Its nice to go into the office and have the staff know my daughter by name because it is a small school. One downside though, is that there are no art/music/PE teachers.  Those are all taught within their core class. My daughter loves her school!
3	I find it ridiculous in the amount of time it takes to get your child! You have to get there about 20min early (just to be able to be in some what front of the line) & of course still wait till the time they are out to not only wait another 15-20min to just get finally receive your kids!! & for some reason (I find completely use less) while your sitting in your car waiting a teacher/staff member comes walking between the lanes w/ a tablet to ask and mark down your children's name, as if we were ordering something and waiting in line to get to the window and receive your order lol.WHY DO THEY MARK IT DOWN? DON'T KNOW? it's honestly not like it makes it any faster! sure makes it seem like they are organized in doing so, but I asked my child one day & she said they just say "okay (child's name) your parent is here get ready" as a type of warning Im sure? but then she added on & said "but sometimes I can't hear who they say because it's really loud & I get in trouble if Im not ready because I wasn't listening".So my point is they need to find a new way to organize this situation. I can't fathom the amount of waiting it takes for parents with more than one child!!
1	I find it astonishing there are so many good reviews about this school because It's been an absolute nightmare from beginning to end, There is zero communication between parents and teachers, You call and leave a message for a teacher and receive no call back. It's near impossible to get a message through at all, I don't know if the messaging service on the EKA website is flawed or the staff and teacher's just don't care but I've attempted on several occasions to contact my 2nd graders teachers and received no response. I've written letters, same thing. I'm just so frustrated I can't believe their able to be run this way. I would strongly discourage any parents looking into this school to steer clear and look elsewhere if you care about being involved in your child's education at all. Some of us parents still believe in being hands on parents. You're not going to be able to be that here.
