3	Chipotle in the SouthPark mall? Uh...yes, please. Very nice to see Chipotle's stainless steel surfaces from across the food court. Definitely the black sheep amongst the menagerie of lunch/dinner choices. It's the only place in the food court with it's own seating INSIDE! Not very common to see this in a food court. All of the regulars found here. Chipotle's common fare and pricing. Nothing out of the ordinary. Just straight up amazing flavors. The flow of customers is a little odd, so beware. You kind of have to jam into the place to get in line as it starts always on the left and winds out of the door into the walk way. May be a bit of hustle and bustle while waiting for your burrito fix. The only grievance I can report is the staff. Not your typical Chipotle staff. Had qualms with requests and didn't really understand the concept of guac going on a burrito bowl....Also, the woman at the register had a little bit of "back talk" with one person in my group. Maybe just an off day for this crew. Still speedy and churning out customers left and right. Understandably still new and working out the kinks. Not a frequent mall rat, but if I'm ever at the apple store or picking up something from Urban, I'll be grabbing a burrito. Thank you, Chipotle. The SouthPark Mall just landed a spot on my mental/culinary map.
3	The food here is as good as any of the others. No qualms with the service. Only 'beef' is with seating arrangement. You are in a very tightly confined space, in a fish bowl,. It's all enclosed by windows for all the SoPark shoppers to witness that guac dripping down your face. Enjoy!
3	It's just not the Chipotle that your used to.  The Feng Shui (yea, I said Feng Shui...deal with it) of the place resembles the airport security line minus the guide ropes/straps.  The layout is clearly a swing and a miss.The burrito bowl was a bit skimpy and the barbacoa was overcooked.  They were definitely not bringing their A-game, but I'll still eat here the next time I come to the mall. Wait...no I won't, I forgot that Cowfish was so close.  If I was however, locked up in the mall, this would be the place I'd go to.  I'm usually down with Chipotle and maybe I'll need to give this location another try.
4	I had Chipotle at this location for the first time yesterday.  I got my normal burrito bowl and it was delicious.  We went a little after 2, so we had no issues with seating or anything which was a plus.  The servers were friendly and helpful and the food, as always, was great!
2	We've had Chipotle catered once or twice where I work for store meetings.  That's definitely the way to go as they are skimpy with their portions if you actually go there.The menu is limited and, yes, I know all about their "food with integrity" which comes with a hefty price tag.  The salsa and chips are a joke as the salsa is in such a small plastic container reminiscent to what you'd expect butter to be served in with a to-go meal with a baked potato.
4	For people who know me, I used to avoid Chipotle because I didn't think it was authentic Mexican food. But that was years and years ago.  Chipotle has slowly brought me around and enticed me with their burrito bowls! I usually get a bowl filled with brown rice, black beans and steak (sometimes chicken). I'm a fan of their medium salsa and their corn salsa.  And the staff is pretty generous with all the ingredients.The location in the South Park Mall is clean and a welcome find among the other eateries in the food court. The staff is usually very friendly and the service is fast.  There isn't much seating inside the Chipotle location but you certainly take your food out to the many tables in the food court - it makes a great place for people watching!
2	Chipotle is so good that even when it's not, it's still better than most meals under $15. Why 2 stars? Well the employees here were loud, screaming over the music, and seemed annoyed to be working. My portion was half what I'm used to after eating Chipotle for 8 years. The seating in this store is weird, too. Most customers seemed to be getting their food and going to the nearby food court. Awkward. I prefer the one in University City where employees smile and the food looks fresh.
4	Along with Chick-Fil-A, Chipotle has been the greatest asset to the Food Court at SouthPark. They deliver consistently fresh items with generous portions (what else could you expect from a Chipotle?!). My only complaint would be the limited amount of seating at this location.
2	Really skimp you on portion size. Customer service was below average and employees don't seem thrilled to be there. Fajitas were burned and steak was well done. Overall, pretty horrible chipotle location.
