2	Let me start with the positives:  (a)  my massage therapist Joylynn was excellent, and (b) the hostess who greeted us at the front desk and showed us the ropes was extremely nice.  Given that this was the Trump, and a 50 minute massage with tip cost almost $200, I was expecting a much better overall experience, hence the two star review.  We were not staying in the hotel but were referred here because the spa at our hotel was closed for renovations.There's no jacuzzi/soaking tub/whirlpool in the spa!  It never occurred to me to ask, because the high end day spas I've visited before all have them.  There's one near the pool, but I didn't bring a suit so that was a no-go.  I really like to soak before a massage so that started us off negatively.  The dry sauna had no timer devices and no water bucket.  It was like the place wasn't quite finished off at the end of construction.  (This might explain the lack of baseboard under the nearby sink, which meant we could view cleaning supplies through the clear glass door of the sauna.  Ugh.)  It was hot, but small and boring.  We tried to enter the steam room, but it smelled like dirty socks.So ---- we had a lot of time to kill before our massages due to lack of whirlpool or decent steam room.  The waiting area was nice but, in my view, too brightly lit.  Actually, the whole spa was a little too bright for my taste.  I find soft lighting more conducive to relaxation and restoration.  If I hadn't been here with a companion I would have been bored to tears waiting for appointment.As noted above, the actual massage was excellent, and if the overall experience had been better I would have booked another massage 3 days later with same therapist.  But for a couple hundred bucks, I expect more.Post-spa amenities were somewhat lacking.  I guess my local Burke Williams Spa has me too spoiled.They need to work on this if they want to compete in this market.
1	The ultimate comb-over.....a bit of fluff covering  the truth underneath.  I expected more from a business with the Trump name.  There was  no jacuzzi to sit in before one's massage.  That was the first sign a comb-over was in progress.  Not good, but okay, we'll sit in the dry spa.  I bit disappointing in that it was so small and had no water to sprinkle on the coals and no timer to keep track of time.  Well, how about the wet sauna.  There was one, and upon opening the door we were blasted with an awful stink reminding us of wet dog and two-year old unwashed sneakers.  The smell was actually scarey considering the various airborne germs one can inhale.  So no sitty in the there.  Awwww.......the comb-over is getting more prominent.The brush/comb available for use were laying out on the counter with no disinfectant jar to put into.  The waiting room (for spa serv ice) and the massage room were terribly bright with no dimmer switch available.  An Iced tea selection and Iced cucumber water (which was refreshing) were offered, but considering the temp in L.V. was in the 30's, hot herbal teas would have been appreciated.  The sink station was an interesting set-up but the wire mesh the water drained into was FULL of gunk.  What is gunk, you ask?  HAIR, algae, I don't know, it just looked awful and made me feel like everything else in the spa was dirty.  Could it be The Donald was standing over the sink, 'combing' his hair and shed a bit?  This was the ladies locker room, so probably not, but it makes one think.....Oh, let's just go for the gusto, shall we.  The lockers were so short that anything (a small shirt) hanging on the hanger flowed on to the floor of the locker. The massage prices were the most expensive in Las Vegas (my massage--the worst Deep Tissue I ever had--cost $165.00 for 50 minutes).    There was a piece of cabinet edging missing from the hallway sink so when looking across at that area, one saw a filthy storage area.  I'm telling you that this was the worse spa experiences ever.  Spas are meant to bring relaxation, and one pays a big price not only for the service but for those extras.  I was just so disappointed and considering all the choices available in Las Vegas, the experience was an even greater disappointment.Lastly, the personnel were pleasant and attentive, but that isn't enough when forking out that kind of dough.  I mean come on, I wasted almost $200.00 (with tip--I know, I shouldn't have given any tip considering) that could have been shoved into the Hot Shot machine at TI.I would recommend checking out another spa such as Caesars.
3	I actually had a decent experience here in October '09... but also consider that I had $100 in spa credit.I enjoyed the steam room very much - no wet sock smell for me, like the other ladies who reviewed here!  Extremely relaxing.  I agree that the whole spa is a little too well-lit... so that the ambiance is not quite soothing, but it wasn't distracting to me.  The massage itself was great.  Not the best deep-tissue I've ever had, but it definitely did the job loosening me up after our wedding.  (Can't remember his name... when I do I'll update!)A $15 spa/resort fee is tacked on to your room whether or not you use these services, so you better believe I took full advantage of the spa!  Steam room, the awesome shower, you name it.  Bottom line, look for a deal online... if you can get one, great!  If not, don't expect to totally get your money's worth...
4	Woke up early after wandering the strip til the wee hours with my friends. I knew they were all gonna be asleep still for a couple more hours, so I decided to treat myself to a massage and spa while they continued to doze. Called up the receptionist at the spa and asked if they had any available spots right then. They did so I headed downstairs =) The receptionist was super nice and introduced me to the attache for the spa, who was the sweetest, most energetic person I've ever met. It was like she was on a happy pill, you couldn't look at her and not smile =)I requested just the regular Trump Signature (basic swedish) and my massage therapist was AMAZING. It was a great massage throughout, and I was soooo relaxed that towards the end I dozed off. She woke me gently when she was done to let me know, and stepped out to wait for me. Now, I swear I had every intention of getting up and putting on my robe but I don't know what happened -- I fell asleep again! Everything was just soooo comfy and relaxing, all I knew was one minute she was saying that she'll wait for me outside, the next she was tapping on the door and asking if everything was ok. I felt sheepish apologizing to her and admitting that I had fallen asleep again!I took a shower afterwards, and their setup is just so nice! Their wonderful waterfall showerheads and stone tiles had such an open, relaxed feel to it. I wanted to linger but knew my friends were going to wake up soon and had planned brunch with them already, I promised myself I'd come back later to utilize all the other amenities. Which is exactly what I did that afternoon. I came back for their eucalyptus steam room, which smelled of fragrant eucalyptus leaves and not socks (yay! i feel bad for the lady that got the socks stench instead =( ) and wanted to do the sauna as well but it wasn't working for some reason. sad. Then I showered and went to their lounge to relax again. I didn't think it was bright at all, it was dim and provided a nice ambiance. The sofa beds were so comfy with their blankets and they had iced cucumber water, hot teas, and fruits for you to munch on. The attache came around offering warm neck wraps and making sure everything was perfect. I nearly fell asleep again lounging and reading a magazine. It was such a wonderful experience. =)
2	Very disappointing experience, especially considering what we paid.  We had an appointment for a couples massage, and we sat in the waiting room 20 minutes past our appointment time, with no communication from the front desk.  Finally went out to see what was happening and was told they were running 45 min late.  Also we had specific preference for type of masseuse, which was forgotten by the staff, and thus we had to wait another 20 minutes to get it right.  We had a tight timeline, and barely was able to make our show afterwards.  We gave our complaints to management, and never heard back.  So much for 5 star service.  If you are local, do NOT go here; for half the price you can have a WAY better experience at Green Valley Ranch.
3	Me and 2 girlfriends purchased the Travelzoo offer where a 40 minute massage and a pedicure was $89. Oh, also throw in a glass of champagne. Pretty sweet deal. The Good1. Beautiful spa. Very luxurious and the steam room, sauna, changing rooms, relaxation room and reception were all very cleverly and beautifully architectured. Extreme decadence2. Amazing Pedicurists. All 3 of us had great pedicures. They use Spa Ritual polish which is all natural and my pedicure has lasted the last 3 weeks3. Very nice attendants. Staff in the spa (receptionist, locker room staff) were all very attentive and capable4. Oils. The showers have amazing body oils and products that you can use. I slathered this stuff all over myself. It was out of this world with various different scents and imported from the Middle EastThe Bad1. My massage therapist was pretty awful. Imagine a feather massaging you. Yep. Total waste of time2. We made reservations in January and were only able to get a weekend appointment in mid-March. I'm not sure if this kind of booking unavailability is practiced on all customers or just on people who purchase special deals. If it's the latter that's quite unacceptable3. On the morning of our appointment, we received a call telling us that they had lost a pedicurist and would not be able to schedule our pedicures. The spa offered us a gift basket in lieu of the pedicure. After my firecracker friend kicked up a fuss and insisted they replace the pedicure with a facial as we didn't want worthless beauty products, the spa was able to miraculously schedule our pedicures per the original plan. Suspicious? I think so.All in all, I probably wouldn't come here unless I get another deal like this considering their massage staff is questionable in talent. And if I do make it back for a massage, I'll probably be requesting for someone else than the feeble dame I got.
4	I had a great first experience at The Spa at Trump with my boyfriend this past J4th weekend!  The spa is just as beautiful as the rest of the hotel.  There were so many amenities in the womens room that I had to take advantage of.Upon arrival, I was given a tour of the womens facilities.  I changed into the robe provided and made my way over to the co-ed waiting room.  We waited maybe 5 minutes for our masseuses.  My masseuse was Wally and I had the classic Swedish massage but had asked Wally to apply a firm pressure along my upper back, neck, and shoulders.  He then explained to me his technique on massaging the hip rotators and how it can be an uncomfortable pain but is great for relieving back tension.  Overall, the massage was GREAT. ** The key is to not be afraid to ask your masseuse to add more or less pressure... c'mon you're paying for this service, you should have it done the way you like!  I navigated Wally into the perfect amount of pressure and from that moment on I was in heaven!!  He was very polite and complied quickly when I requested little or more pressure.  The massage of the hip rotators was a bit uncomfortable but I managed to stick it out and my back had never felt better!For the boyfriend, he requested a sport therapy / deep tissue massage and his body was in bliss afterwards.  He really enjoyed his massage as well commenting on how his masseuse managed to knead away knots he had in his calves and the tension in his shins that causes his shinsplints.Following our massage we both took advantage of the spa amenities.  I used the steam room which was empty at the time... like.  The steam room is incredibly hot and I love that.... you can't get that kind of heat at the 24 hr fitness steam rooms.  They provide cold towels to use in the steam room or saunas.  I must have been in there for 30+ minutes... then immediately trotted across to a shower stall.The showers are huge and have a rain-like shower head on the ceiling directly above you.  I grabbed some body scrub and aloe face mask from outside to apply during my shower so I can feel pretty.  There is shampoo, conditioner, and body wash provided in shower stalls.  They smell great and I assume of decent quality.In the women's locker area, there are only 2 private vanity rooms that include a flat iron, hair dryer, mirror, hairbrush, comb, etc... basically all the bare necessities following a shower.  The flat iron and hair dryer didn't appear to be in good condition, so I opted not to use any of their vanity items and instead put my hair in a bun and went on my merry way.A wonderful first time experience and left me feeling relaxed and refreshed for the rest of my weekend.
4	Had a wonderful experience at the Spa at Trump. It's a beautiful, luxurious spa. I had the hot stone massage and it was so good! My therapist did a great job as I was so relaxed during and after the massage.  Also, I found out that if you stay at the Trump and receive a treatment, they take off $25 off the total cost.Definitely arrive early (they suggest 30 minutes before your appointment) so that you can enjoy the sauna and steam room.
4	Amazing deal for spa use only - Quite possibly the best $12 you will ever spend!The spa is not as grand or modern as others on the Strip (e.g. Mandarin Oriental), but at $12 for an all-day spa pass (no service included), it may be the best deal out there! The spa includes steam room and sauna, rain showers, separate co-ed relaxation room equipped with chaise lounges, blankets and magazines, and great amentities.  Also included: free DIY body scrubs and aloe facial masks; body oils; soothing teas; variety of hygeine products; and a friendly (men's) spa attendant!  I left extremely relaxed and very happy! My one issue was that the steam room was way too hot, while the sauna was not hot enough (cold even).  To their credit though, I was forewarned of this.  Not to their credit though, if they know about it, then they should fix it.Overall, great experience and value!
4	During a recent stay at the Trump Hotel in Las Vegas, I decided I was in need of some personal pampering to relieve my aching muscles after spending two days walking up and down the Strip. After looking through the spa options offered by The Spa at Trump, it became obvious that a hot stone massage was just what the doctor ordered. Upon arriving at the Spa, I was immediately impressed at how friendly, professional, and high class the whole operation seemed to be. Right from the get go, I felt like I was being treated as an important guest, and that they were genuinely interested in getting me to relax. On top of this, my therapist was very friendly and gave me an excellent massage, that left me feeling renewed and rejuvenated.With all this being said, I think it is important to note that you will be paying heavily for your experience here, and although guests at the hotel receive a $25 discount at the spa, it is still quite pricey. However, it really is worth the money if you just want to dedicate some time to yourself and improving the way you feel, both mentally and physically.
3	The amenities at this spa could be better, no jacuzzi in the spa area, the sauna and steam room are nothing special and right where the showers are, the relaxation room was not too big and nothing special and the fruit offered were just apples (some of them visibly old). The upside: great massage, friendly staff, great mani and pedi and clean facilities. Just not as relaxing as I was expecting it to be. My best Vegas Spa experience to date was at the Aria, especially because of their outdoor jacuzzi / pool area with a view onto the main Aria pool and because of the relaxation room they had.
5	I am incredibly particular when it comes to massage. My massage therapist was excellent. She was extremely thorough and talked to me about my back surgery and what areas were most in need of help. The cooling leg treatment was a wonderful add on after 3 days of nonstop walking. I felt like a new woman when I left.  The attention to detail is excellent and I would definitely return to the spa. While pricey, it was definitely worth every penny.
4	Our experience here was very pleasant from beginning to end. I made an appointment inquiry on their website and a few hours later I received a call from the Spa to set up an appt for a couples massage for my husband and I for our upcoming stay at the Trump. There are separate male and female sections and only the relaxation lounge is co-ed. We arrived 45 mins before our massage time so that we could use their facilities and relax before the massage. I sat in the sauna and sweated it out for 15 mins. Then I stepped out, had a cup of ice water which was provided, and covered my neck and face with an iced towel. They have a tray of face towels with ice cubes all over it. Excellent. At one of the tables, I mixed some of their aromatic oil with aloe vera mask which was recommended for the steam room. I applied the aloe vera mask onto my face and neck and sweated out for another 15 mins in the steam room until I couldn't handle the incredibly hot steam anymore. The iced face towel came in handy again. They also have rain shower stalls which I used to clean myself up before the massage. My husband and I met up again at the relaxation lounge for some herbal/relaxation tea before we got called by our therapists for our couples massage. The relaxation lounge was not too bad though I wished they had more options and light bites. There was a bowl of apples and oranges though it wasn't obvious whether it was for consumption or for decorative purposes.I like deep pressure in my massage and boy was my male therapist strong. He really did give me a deep pressure massage as requested. Some practical tips:Hotels guests get $25 off per total receipt at the Spa. The $25 off is valid for each room reservation.If you use any of their services e.g. massage, you have access to the spa facilities until 8pm on the same day.
4	I visit Vegas 8-10 times each year and I never miss a chance to get a massage from Maria. She is the best! Always makes me feel refreshed and ready to take on a long week in Vegas. The spa is beautiful and welcoming. Great showers and steam rooms. Tons of spa and beverages are provided in the waiting room. Really great experience every time. I'm heading back next week and where do you think I'm stopping?
5	Richard.....is.....amazing. He gives the best massages in Las Vegas hands down. While this specific massage was not for medical reasons but for pleasure, it did everything a massage is suppose to do. Total relaxation, exactly what I needed from the night before. There was another woman in the room (I didn't catch her name) but she was absolutely amazing too. That team was great! I wanted to pack them up and bring them back to LA. The next time you hit up Vegas, make this the first and last stop. It absolutely deserves two visits per trip lol
