4	This place is always a pleasure to browse through. It's so clean and neat and the booths are all arranged so creatively! Sometimes the prices are a bit steep (but that's pretty standard with antique malls), and sometimes you can find something for a steal. I've found furniture, clothes, jewelry, art, books and other small housewares here. They have cottage chic, mid-century modern (the real stuff), and some "primitive" antiques. Free coffee too.
5	LOVE this place. absolutely HUGE and lots and lots of great stuff. Eames chairs  and other midcentury stuff to old industrial desks and sewing mannequins to old church pews and crazy ornate old furniture. So much fun to look through, kind of expensive, but has some really unique stuff. My husband and I literally spent a few hours going through everything, and I'm pretty sure we still missed some of it. We'll be back for sure!
4	Beautiful space, well-curated stalls, great lighting and it's CLEAN! (oddly enough, few of these things can be said for many antique malls). Each stall here seems to have a specialty and while many are a bit overpriced, they are clearly well-kept and the management/staff of the mall are friendly and helpful. I love going to Odana and look forward to visits every time I'm in WI.
5	Huge selection, funky finds, well-organized booths, helpful staff, reasonable prices.  Highly recommended.
5	We stopped by Odana looking for old window panes to use for a headboard project and came away with a ton of new ideas because the place was loaded with beautiful, funky finds.It's huge - and the prices seem to vary a lot from booth to booth - but it was very clean and fun to explore. We'll definitely be back.
3	Wha?Where?Huh?So. Much.Don't.Know. With more organization and a bit o service I'd dig it more.
4	I had some time to kill earlier this week so I decided to stop in and have a look-see and I am sure glad I did.I have always been anti-junque stores, but this place isn't a musty old antique store. This place is brightly lit and the walk ways are kept reasonably clean. I do have to agree with other reviewers when they say that the place could be better organized. I thought that, but then realized you can't just keep changing each vendors booths location to fit what they are selling. So is stands to reason why there really is not a ton of organization to the place.Some booths have nicer more organized booths with finds that are of better quality (and price). I managed to find an old picture frame that I had set out to find, and I also walked out of there with an antique silk scarf in mint condition for $6. When I walked out of the store, I wondered where the last 2 hours of my life went. I also called my mom and apologized for giving her crap for all her years of antique shopping. Thanks to Odana Antiques, I am becoming my mother after all.
1	My wife and I went to Odana after it was recommended by several people. We recently moved to the area and were looking to furnish our new home. After finding several items from the same seller that we were interested in, my wife went to get the sales person to inquire about what the "best price" was for the bundle. I have never paid the listed price for any item in an antique/vintage store and have often had the sales people walk by and say "we can do better on those prices if you're interested" when I stop to look at something......once the sales person arrived at the booth, he was very short with us and seemed very disinterested in facilitating a sale. He stated what they could take off the price without contacting the dealer and was pushy that we used cash or check. His tone and attitude towards us was as though we wouldn't be able to afford the items and when I asked him to contact the dealer he was reluctant to do so and very offensive in his assumption that we would be making a "low ball" offer (words he actually used). My wife and I look young, but are both in our 30s and have been out of college working good jobs for several years. His assumption that we were broke college kids was out of line and cost the store business. We walked off and left the store only to stop at the front and tell the manager that they just lost out on at least a $1000 sale. Too bad for the dealer who had their items on sale at Odana. We won't be going back. Hope others have a better experience. They have some nice stuff, but I don't like to do business with douche bags.
4	My boyfriend, before going into Odana Antiques: "I hate antiquing! It's for old ladies!"After going into Odana Antiques: "Eh, I guess it's pretty fun."Odana Antiques isn't so much a store as it is an AWESOME museum. Seriously, it's like going into 20 different people's living rooms/kitchens/closets from various decades. All sorts of vintage/retro Americana, including clothing, furniture (both useful and decorative), knicknacks, buttons and other random accessories. I think they do a good job of having a visible price tag on everything. Some things are reasonably priced, others are just WTF. Mostly all the furniture is expensive and you probably can't afford it. If you are looking for service, employees are pretty hard to find. They do have free coffee and cookies for shoppers. Yay, I'm a fan!
1	Rude and distrustful.  As I walked in, I was "asked" to leave my backpack up front.  I responded, "no I would not like to." I asked if it was a request or a demand.  I was told they requested bags be left up front.  I noticed another woman with a purse who was not asked to leave her bag. . .   I prefer to shop where I am trusted and respected.
5	Love love this place! I love antiques and this place is huge! A good variety of different genres and periods. Well laid out. It's like a museum almost. I wish I could afford more of it but I still love just going there to look around.
