5	Matt (of Matt's Big Breakfast) has opened this swanky-but-comfy bar/restaurant/tavern/ downtown. The building is a beautifully resurrected vintage house -- perfect!Cool place to hang out and relax. Grab a seat (if you can) in your room of choice. There's a giant communal table in the back and an amazingly wallpapered (you'll see) chamber up front. Terrific craft brews and a nice wine list. Haven't tried the food yet, but the menu features a comforting, upscale twist on the normal bar fare. Great reason to hit the downtown stretch on nights other than First Friday.
4	It's a small place and heading over here after a Friday night Suns game (which was also First Friday) left us with little room to enjoy... too many people in too cramped a space. It seems like it would be a pretty sweet hangout if not too crowded, otherwise the sardine can cliche really describes the atmosphere. The area seems to be gentrifying and with the light rail on the way more places like this will start popping up in the area. Good thing for those from back East who appreciate non-Disneylandesque type spots with vintage character.
5	Matt's (of Matt's Big Breakfast) new bar.  Located in a cozy vintage home, this is my new favorite bar.  Handpicked beer and wine selection make this an excellent destination for downtown snobs (not rippin, I tend to be one of those)  Best of all, Matt has jumped on the smoking ban before it even takes effect, this means you can enjoy your beer without having to breathe in all that nasty ass poison you smokers keep pumping into the air.  Seriously, Lesley and I went to a dinner party recently filled with smokers, in a non ventilated home.  Jesus, God, how do you people stand it?!?  Smoking is gross, The Roosevelt is cool.
5	Just went here for the second time last night, and I really enjoy it. For a tuesday happy hour it had a decent-sized crowd, I haven't been on a weekend yet, but can see how it can get cramped quickly. however, the front patio and back deck area are supposed to be booze-friendly any day now (they're open, you just can't take your drink out there)the grilled cheese and tomato soup was awesome and worth $8, which i balked at, at first. i should have known better, because, like the breakfast joint, it may be simple comfort food, but it's made with nice ingredients and is delicious. the draft beer selection is awesome, but i was in a wine mood, and they had three reds and three white offered by the glass. as a poor kid, i did balk at the lack of happy hour specials. the least expensive wine was $5.5, but a good one.the house itself is absolutely beautiful and although the design is very hip, they've preserved that tavern charm that makes you want to settle in with a beer and relax with friends.
4	Loved the atmosphere most of all.  This is a converted bungalow house that should set an example for downtown revival in the future.   Very respectable selection of beer and wine and a limited menu, but with creative selections.* The house beer, made by Four Peaks, tasted like something made by Four Peaks, which, if you've ever had a beer crafted by Four Peaks, is the sincerest of compliments.*  The "G Red" blended red wine didn't suck.  *  The Ham and Eggs:  Deviled eggs were quite tasty.  The ham was medium-thickly sliced and put on a stick.  Nicely warmed.  How could you possibly f up ham?*  Grilled cheese and tomato soup:  Both quite delicious.* Cheese plate:  Three cheeses with toasted almonds, crackers, dried apricot and apple half.  I've had better cheese.  Not the greatest selections.  Could stand to include a nice blue.An overall pleasant experience, but I agree with Omer K. that the music was distractingly loud.Fortunately, our service was acceptable.  No complaints about it.  Matt even passed through checking on customers a couple times and chatted with us briefly.
4	TOTALLY cool place ... the locally brewed "house beer" on tap is AWESOME ... and it's the ONLY lively bar downtown in the Roosevelt Area (sorry but Carly's is way laid back) ... and the decor is beautiful!!!  This will totally be my favorite bar in the neighborhood for years to come!!!  Thank you MATT (of Matt's Big Breakfast Fame)!!!  And do not leave without having the hot Pretzel ... you'll thank me! :)Great new staff and the music has been updated ... yeah!
4	Great beers on tap - Four Peaks and Oak Creek among them.  8th St. Ale - I heart you.  The place was playing mid-90s Radiohead and Butch Cassidy and Sundance Kid.  That in itself is pure genius. Liked the beer barrels showcased through a window.  The outdoor deck looks like it will be a real hit when it gets a bit warmer.   Nice cozy feel, warm avocado walls and kick-ass vintage chandeliers that I want to go back and snag!  The highlight of the decor though, is the oddly curious Being John Malkovich doorway up above on your way to the restroom. My Chicago buddy with me was unimpressed - but I'm sure places like this are a dime a dozen there.  This place rocks.  It's the downtown bar we've all been waiting for.EDIT, 9/07 - Dave B is right on about the same music being played every night.  I always hear the same exact songs by Radiohead and Coldplay every time I go to Roosevelt.  WEAK!!!
5	I don't know what took me so long to get here to check this place out, but after my first visit I am most definitely a believer. After already being a big fan of Matt's Big Breakfast, I knew that the Roosevelt wouldn't fall far from the awesome tree. We walked in to the charming, undersized bar/tavern late on a Tuesday night looking for an after hours dinner. Fortunately, snacks were available till 11 and the beer was cold and more than suitable to wash it down. The waitress told us that Four Peaks brews a special house beer just for the Roosevelt so I had to give it a shot. Not surprisingly, it was on point: a hoppy IPA with subtle fruit flavors and light aftertaste. I chowed down a Dagwood sandwich while my girlfriend traded me bites for her grilled cheese and tomato soup combo. If I hadn't been so hungry and in need of some serious protein, I would've been uber jealous. The melted cheese and tasty bread dipped in the tomato soup was beyond description. The size of the bar may be a deterrent on a weekend night as you might not be able to squeeze through the front entrance, but once you do, you'll understand why it's so difficult. Highly recommended for a random weeknight, and if you can swing it, weekend nights, as well.
5	This gets five stars for having grilled cheese and tomato soup on the menu and for letting me eat it to one of the best indie playlists I've heard in a while.
4	I had a great time at The Roosevelt. The lovely duo of Megan and Gretel took care of me with good food and drink and everybody I met there was really quite friendly. I liked the almost too many choices of beers on tap, including the current rotating pick: Summer Solstice from Anderson Valley. (I'm told that brew isn't widely available on tap in the phoenix area.)everybody say it together now: get the pretzel. but be careful it is piping hot, you may want to ask for a knife and fork if you want to eat it immediately. my entire life I've never had a tomato soup I liked until I had their grilled cheese and tomato soup. the soup was great! but the cheese sandwich could have been better.one thing to be aware of is they serve mostly beer and wine, with a ginger ale and a root beer. oh, and water. so don't ask for a martini, cola, or other bar favorite.
5	The Roosevelt Tavern is a great example of how cool downtown Phoenix can be.  Matt Poole has done an awesome job making this a cool, relaxed place to hang out and have a beer with friends.  The decoration inside has a modern homey vibe to it with clean lines and lots of candles to dance light across the rooms.  They did a great job restoring the old Craftsman (I think) house.  It feels kind of like you're at a private house party, it's so cozy.  I partook in a lovely Hefeweizen that I actually enjoyed, despite my not being a huge beer person.  I had forgotten to leave room for food, but the guy next to me at the bar had what looked to be a delicious sandwich.  Drinking is currently regulated to inside the establishment only, as we learned from the kind police officer sitting on the front porch.  He did tell us that a permit to serve on the patio was in the works though, so keep an eye out for that.Something to keep in mind: 3rd Street is a ONE WAY street.  This is good to know, as you'll be parking on the street and this gives you two sides to choose from.  However, if you accidentally overshoot the place, don't do as my friend did and try to make a u-turn.  Yikes.
5	Very cool place. I don't feel right calling this converted house a bar; it's more like a laidback, casual but elegant place to kick back with your buddies (or a date) while sipping on good beer or a nice glass of wine. I loved the atmosphere and decor - hardwood floors, candles, and even a fireplace right when you walk in. I liked the music too - I think I remember Radiohead being played.We went on a Friday night so it was packed, but the bartender was super nice and made sure to get to me as soon as she could. The bf had the house beer, which was pretty good, and I had a glass of cab (I want to say "75"?) which was awesome.Would definitely go there again. If you're trying to get a table (or even a seat) I would go at an earlier time during the weekend, but there's plenty of standing room if you're with a small party.
5	The Roosevelt has all of the qualities of your friendly neighborhood bar with a touch of class without paying the price. The diversity of the crowd that regularly visits Matt's bar is diverse from dowtown hipster kids to lawyers to your average working joe. It's sophisticated but NOT snobby, which I think why it has such a broad appeal.If you like beer, there is an endless variety and I guarantee you will like at least one. (If you hate bitter beer, try the Chimay!) If you're still stuck on wine, by the glass it almost always stays under $10...even for an amazing Pinot. Friday nights are usually pretty packed, (especially First Fridays)but any other night of the week it's a perfect spot to chat with friends or get cozy on the couch with your love.Oh and you would be silly not to try some of the food, especially the hot doughy pretzel or the grilled cheese and tomato soup.
5	There's enough reviews of the Roosvelt to make it simple enough for me to say this is hands down my favorite place to get a beer in Phoenix. It really feels like I'm at home anytime I walk into this place. Best tap selection downtown and the coldest glass of beer you're likely to find. Hurry up and open the back patio! Winter is coming.
4	Yeah yeah yeah...  what everyone else said.  I have nothing to add.  It's a tad claustrophobic, but still a very cool space.
4	This is a tough one for me because it is already getting so popular.  Matt did a great job with this place.  It is a converted old (I'm guessing 30's) red brick home in downtown Phoenix.  The atmosphere is very warm, hip and comfortable but it can get a little cramped at times.  There is no jukebox but the music that fills the place is always solid with a good mix of some of the better trendy tunes from recent years.  I do like to partake in a finely crafted beer on occasion and they have a great selection of tap and bottled beer that you won't find at most places (try the Rogue Hazelnut Brown and their house beer made at Four Peaks Brewery).  Although I do enjoy wine as well I have not been able to pry myself away from the tap long enough to try any here.  That said I have noticed their selection looks well rounded and I have heard many good things about it.   The food menu is very simple but done very well.  Any place that serves a Dagwood is going to score points with me.  If I have to list any negatives it would be that the music can be a little loud at times and of course it can be a little cramped as well.  Overall I love this place and fear it becoming too popular but it is worth checking out.
4	Why are places in Phoenix in buildings that look like abandoned houses?  I swear every time I go there I drive around in circles before I find what I'm looking for.  And they don't have signs.  Whats up with that? Anywho, we made our way over here for the Yelp event and I have to say that I enjoyed it.   Once inside I actually felt like I was back in Boston; slanting floors, doors that aren't quite even, nooks, crannies, crown molding.   Its dark for sure, I could barely read the specials on the board but whatever the $5 wine was, it was good.  Its an interesting hybrid of a lounge and bar which works when you have a diverse group of people.   Despite the fact that it was 100 degrees outside I ordered the tomato soup and grilled cheese.   It was fantastic. Do we get cold rainy days out here?  If we do,remind me to come back here for it.  The soup was a creamy tomato but very yummy.   My husband ordered the Dagwood sandwich, I'm not sure what was in it but it had a lot of meat.  He actually took half of it home! (But they really didn't give him a proper container for it, it was like a hot dog to go container so the sandwich barely fit and leaked in our backseat. Boooo.)   To say its out of the way for me is an understatement but if I was planning a night in Phoenix or heading to a game I would stop in for sure.
4	I've been going to the Roosevelt since just after it opened, and I'm extremely pleased to see how it's blossomed into such a lovely little bar with excellent patronage. My little boy's all growed up!I have one reason that is the indisputable, unassailable, golden rationale for why you should visit the Roosevelt: SHARK BEER! So important it deserves both capitalization and idolization.Distilled from the finest aquatic varieties and banned in all fifty states, its pale gold, opaque frothiness will lull you into a happy state of drunkenness and sociability. The Great White Northern is by far the finest beer to ever pass these lips. I've had the wine on occasion, but compared to the deliciosity that is Shark Beer, my only recollection is that it doesn't suck.I regrettably haven't had the full Roosevelt experience, as I've never spent any moolah on the food there. Well, Mr. Man did order the four dollar peanuts once and I tried them. Yes. Four dollars. For a pile of peanuts. Weird thing is he thought they were worth every penny. Granted, they were huge, warm and tasty, but they're fucking four dollar peanuts! Aside from that, I've heard from a fair number of people that the food is delectable and worth the price, but I've never been in the munching mood here. Happy hour is undoubtedly the best time to visit this little bastion of class and comfort in downtown Phoenix, and every time I have been here at this hour the bar has been packed with well dressed and business casual folks. Evenings are a bit more intimate with fewer people, but you're pretty much guaranteed a seat somewhere, or if you come with a group of friends (that's my shout out to the lovely Yelpers I met here recently!) there is ample space for your group to socialize.When you go, check out the funky little door in the central room above the bathroom corridor, and then tell me just where you think it leads or what they're hiding up there. Is it a portal to another dimension? Do they keep some red headed stepchild up there? Or is this where people who try to skip out on their tabs are detained? The mystery brings my overactive imagination great joy. I also dig the naked lady checking out a passing train picture in the restroom, which is like, big enough to entertain company in.My one gripe is that they keep it cold as a meat locker in there, and my little toesies need dethawing in the Arizona heat after I exit the building. And this pithy reason's got nothing on the Roosevelt. (And the SHARK BEER.)
5	Went here for my birthday a couple weeks ago.  Who knew four people could eat and drink that much?  Cheese and wine heaven.... and that hot pretzel with the most spectacular mustard is stuff gastro dreams are made of.
5	She's a brick house .....I F'n Love this place! First and foremost, it's downtown, anytime I can hang out in a place in Phoenix and see the city skyline, I am excited. Anytime I can be at a place and feel comfortable and cozy, I am excited. Anytime I can be in a place that is older than my Car (2003) I am excited.  The Roosevelt is like a good friend's cool house, and really is just that!    They have small rooms with tables, and chairs, and even a room with a dining room table.  The bar area is very small, This is probably not the most entertaining place to go solo, as it's hard to chat up patrons when they are at their private tables. I think the mingling factor is low here, because it's setup like a house. However, It is completely quaint and charming, and is the perfect place for a date, or small group of friends to chill for a night. I am not sure, but I don't think they had any outdoor seating (I could be wrong) If they do, I bet it's nice.  The beer selection is wide, and the prices are very good. They have an eclectic food menu consisting of Pub style choices, and snacks that compliment the beers they serve. They have a very extensive wine list, and have many international beers, as well as a variety of local brews. I had the Oatmeal Stout, and almost shed a tear when I took my first sip and felt a little bit of ice particles in the foam, it was perfectly chilled, and amazingly smooth. All  I know is this place is amazingly cool, and quite a unique place giving this is the Valley of the New. The crowd is mellow, and the service is fast and friendly. I went the Saturday after First Friday, which I was told by my waitress, is very busy (First Friday that is) She stated "you can't even walk around in here." However, "The Saturday after is usually pretty quiet." I arrived around 9:45pm, and stayed for an hour, and the place started to fill up quickly. One downside, they only have 1 unisex bathroom, which must be a nightmare when they are super busy. Besides that, the street parking is ample and the street is well lit. They had an on duty officer hanging out near the place, so I would be careful drinking and driving, besides being a friend cop, and keeping us protected, he is probably looking for people stumbling to their car, and could be the eyes for a patrol cars in the area.  The cop actually came in and hug a couple patrons, and chatted them up. "Bad boys, Bad Boys, whacha gonna do, whacha gonna do when they come for you...."
4	I have to admit, that I was initially going to give this place a bad rating.  Then I realized I shouldn't take out my personal angst on a bar.  How does The Roosevelt play in to my personal angst?  I show up to meet my friends for First Friday and it hits me..... I will be meeting up with 3 couples.  Effing fantastic.  I arrive and walk in and see more friends.  "Great!"  I think.  "It isn't just me and three couples!"  Upon further inspection, I realize it is now me and SIX couples.  Effing fantastic.  So I wandered, attempting to find single men to harass (Note to the reader:  I actually don't have flirting skills, so this normally just results in me asking ex-cons if their pony tail is real or a clip on).  I didn't find any (single men...or even prisoners).  I DID find a former student and a kid I did research with - so I talked to them before returning to my friends, where I was duly ignored.... until I accidentally broke a glass.  I left, embarassed and still completely alone.  The moral of this relatively useless review is:  The Roosevelt beer selection = good.  The Roosevelt as a place to forget your angst and meet cool new people = not that good.  The Roosevelt as a place to harass former prisoners = terrible (go to the Bikini Lounge if that is an experience that interests you).
2	Oh, Matt...you're killing me. You did so well with Matt's Big Breakfast. And now...this.First, your staff kept me waiting for a good 15 minutes before taking my order. The second offense was worse: My server plopped a freezing-cold stout on the table. WRONG! FAIL! Save the frigid temperatures for mass-produced domestic lagers poured directly from a horse's bladder. Serve a stout just slightly chilled. Yeah, the pretzel was good. But I really came here for a good beverage. If you enjoy swathing yourself in hipness, this is a fine establishment. For me, it's a bit too unfriendly and too callow in its beer selection.
4	Driving south on 3rd street at night is one thing. Driving down 3rd while you're trying to find The Roosevelt is another. Knowing sort-of where it was, I knew the appropriate time to slooooow down and glance left, glance right. Ah, there it was. No, there was no shimmering beacon, no flashy red "Open" or "Cool Peeps Only" signs to give itself away. There wasn't even lettering announcing I had found the place. None that I saw, I mean. So imagine my mental surprise when I drive past and my car immediately careens towards an open parking spot. "There it is," I exclaim to myself. I had no solid proof. No curb address confirming Google maps. I had only my hunch, and the fact that the face of my friend was standing outside waiting for me to arrive. It was about 9:15 when I hopped out of my car and walked up Roosevelt's sidewalk to the main entrance. I heard such great things about this place, I just had to see for myself. Once inside, I noticed the absence of lighting. That's ok. I like my bars and hang outs to be dark (and sometimes dingy). The Roosevelt isn't dingy, though, even though it's in an old house. Instead, it's inviting, warm and gives off the impression of being intimate - like you're among friends you've never shared a sentence with. Imagine that. So, at first, I'm stoked. Sure, the place is cramped and even shortly after 9 p.m., there are no seats. Bummer. But, people around me are chitchattering and carrying on - so their positive energy makes this place even more inviting to me. So, we decide to stay, park ourselves by bar. Just as my friend and I make up our minds on what to order, a waitress comes over to assist us. She's extremely helpful and I end up savoring their Hazelnut Brown on tap. Delightful.As time passes, more people - all who seem dressed up to dine at Phoenix's fanciest restaurant - walk in. Women in high heels. Men in dress shirts. And here I am in jeans and a thermal long-sleeve tee. My friend says, "I don't think we're cool enough for this place." "No worries," I reply, "We'll just bring this place down to our level." Conversation with my friend flows like the beer on tap. Yet, the noise level of others' conversations begins to play ping-pong with my ear drums. Then, there was the music. Mad Props to The Roosevelt for playing tunes I was in the mood to hear - like Cold War Kids and Kings of Leon. Both bands, since seeing them live, bring me warm fuzzies. Top that off with a fantastic brew and conversation, and I'm set for the night. Except...There are no open seats for the night. So, after standing for an hour, you either decide to drink until you can't feel your legs, or you leave. We explored the rooms adjacent to the bar. So limited seating. I bet if you get there early with friends or a date, you'd stay all night. At least I would. I mean, there's nothing to walk away from -- but you have to get there early enough to snag your spot. And apparently on a normal Friday night, 9 p.m. isn't early enough. Plus, after some time, the cool "house party" feel begins to grate. You're elbow-to-elbow with people. So instead of this being a chill party, it becomes a disjointed social occasion. I began to feel out of place. It's almost like I wanted to turn to the people next to me and begin a conversation. The Roosevelt definitely gives off the vibe of, "Come. Hang. Be Cool." To me, part of chillin' is having conversations with interesting people. Not to distract from my friend's cool factor, but The Roosevelt is like abandoned foreplay. You get the good sensations, you want more, you wait for it... and then you're left wanting. Looking around, there's a wide selection of people - not the kind you'd find in Scottsdale or Tempe. I like that. These people at least appear more refined and appreciative of the growing buzz The Roosevelt offers. So, why only 4 stars? Does it deserve 5? Ask me again after the next time I go. For one thing's certain. When I go again, I'm making damn sure I get there early enough for a seat.Maybe if I go there regularly, I can "make friendly" with the neighborhood cop. At first notice, he's off putting - walking around the side of the house, standing outside at the front gate and watching you come and go. Uhm, yeah. Maybe some kindergarten philosophy will work. "Hi, I'm Alicia. Will you be my friend?"
4	i love this place all the way from the velvet wallpaper, chandlers and hardwood floors, to the delicious prosciutto and ice cold beer.there is only two reasons the Roosevelt doesn't get  five stars.1. wobbly tables and lack of seatingthe seating in this bar is really hard to come by. hard to mingle with large groups. the tables being high off the floor and wobbly make spillings frequent. odd juxtaposition of rooms makes for a strange atmosphere.2. hours. hours. hours. hire some more people if you have to but stay open later and more frequently.. this bar needs to be open more
4	I'm giving this place 4 stars for it just being an out of the ordinary place to go.  I'll probably never go back (mostly because I don't live in Phoenix) but it was just nice to be somewhere that wasn't the same as everywhere else.We found the two people working the whole restaurant to be pretty nice.  We got a seat after 15 minutes or so but after we sat down it didn't look like there was any hope for anyone else.  I had some beer that was good and for some reason I enjoyed the tall thinner glasses it was served in.  We had the pretzel, which was alright....it was a sweet salty doughy blob with two mustards to dip in.  It would have been WAY better if the dippers were a little more creative.  We also had the tomato soup and grilled cheese.  The soup was nice and creamy which was good and the grilled cheese was cheesy.  Together they made a nice pair but alone they were boooooooooooring.  Some of the other food on the menu looks pretty unappetizing...like various dishes with hot dogs.  Ew.  Ok so overall I guess I didn't really like anything except for the ambiance...which is still feel deserves the 4 stars.   Oh...and the bathroom that I used could REALLY use some work.  The place is so dark and sexy and then the bathroom is like huge and white and yuck...come on, throw a plant in there, paint the walls, do something!
4	Last night was cold and rainy and my friends and I took rickshaws through the rain from the Dodge Theatre and we pulled up to the Roosevelt looking like drowned rats and laughing so hard we were almost crying. I was shivering and hoping for a warm something-or-other, maybe with Rum, Brandy, and a cinnamon stick. Not going to happen, they only have beer and wine. Doah! I would be lying if I said I wasn't disappointed. I was forced into wine - which honestly - I was grateful for in the end, but this might be the one thing stopping me from five stars. I was nervous because I was expecting to be packed in like sardines and there was till plenty of standing room and people were moving in and out. We sat at the community table within 10 minutes of arriving. We're off to a good start and I think we're going to sit and stay for awhile.We ordered the pretzel, the tomato soup and grilled cheese sandwich and the cheese plate. The pretzel was so hot I could barely touch it - I don't care whether it came from a high-temperature bread warmer or the oven, it made me happy that it was super hot and obviously hadn't been just sitting under a heat lamp. I am a sucker for a grilled cheese and good tomato soup, and again, this is so good that I'm distracted from the conversation as I try to dissect the soup ingredient by ingredient so I can try to make it on Sunday. Then the cheese plate. Good lord. I am pretty sure that I found love in the merriment of flavors that came together between the dried cherries, bite of chocolate and the cabernet I had been 'forced' into.To start the service was just like the night's air, a little chilly and very damp, almost unapproachable, but quickly she shifted and warmed up and I would like to believe that she ended up having fun with us. Overall, the Roosevelt is a great example of what is possible to create in the restaurant/bar/lounge segment here in the greater Phoenix area and I wish I lived closer - I'd be there all the time - all the same, I'll be there as often as I can.Keep on keep'n on...Matt!
5	This bar is amazing. I absolutely LOVE the environment, the staff and the people that come here. It ranges from young to the elderly and they are always seen having a good time. The food is very unique and very good. The beers are always crisp and impressing. I feel very welcomed when I am here and never miss a time to come.
2	This was one of the most disappointing places I have tried in Phoenix.After having been recommended, I tried several times to find the place (no signage on the road to identify) I called and got directions. Too bad the person who answered the phone cannot count, so the directions put me a few blocks away.It looks like if you want a beer, you were in the right place. The wine was listed only by the bottle, the waitress informed me there was a board that listed the by the glass choices but she didn't know where it was. I asked what reds they had, she told me they had "Chardonnay, Pinot Grigio..." I had to ask her 3 times to find out what red wines they had. The menu was uninspiring to say the least - I read one review that praised the grilled cheese - if that's all you can praise in a restaurant, that's pretty sad.I opted for what was basically a hot dog - the description sounded okay, and this place was sufficiently funky-looking that I thought they might be creative enough to do something amusing with it.When it was served it was in fact a hot dog, as long as "hot" was not integral to the concept. It was loaded with cold onions, cold ketchup, cold mustard, in a gloppy mixture that was way too messy to eat without scrapping most of the Walmart quality condiments off. Unfortunately, I was informed when I could finally get the waitress's attention that utensils were only supplied upon request. I understand the 'water on request' in a desert (neither offered nor given) but 'utensils on request'? What's up with that?At any rate, a cold hot dog is basically bologna with a smaller diameter, and so I was serve bologna on a roll with glop. Not exactly worth finding the place.On the whole, the 4-5 people sitting at the bar drinking beer and watching a football game looked like they were having a decent time. If that's your choice, the beer list looked pretty good. Just go somewhere else to eat first.
4	Okay, first off don't make the same mistake I made in thinking that this is a place to go eat because it's not. It's a wine and beer bar. They brew their own beer that actually tastes really good. They do have appetizers for you to munch on. I will suggest the pretzel...trust me you will need help eating this sucker and it's delicious!The place has a really intimate feel to it. It's lit pretty dark but it works for it. I suggest you take some friends for happy hour or drop by before a Suns game. I don't think you will be disappointed.
5	Huh, so I've never reviewed the Roo?  Well, now seems a good time.  Helpful hint:  First Friday is not a good night to check out the Roo for the first time.  Thankfully, I've been here a few times before last night, so the cramped sweatiness didn't sway my opinion.  This is probably my favorite "house bar" of the area.  I love Lost Leaf, but I think the Roo gets a slight nod because of the beers on tap (lots of great microbrews) vs. bottles & cans at LL (also lots of great microbrews).My advice is to check this place out on an off night or get there early on a weekend night, or else you'll be standing the whole time.
3	I finally made it to The Roosevelt. My friend and I wandered over after seeing The Pajama Game because I heard they had a yummy soft pretzel, and that sounded absolutely delicious to me .... it still does :-) The pretzel was great - I loved the two mustards that accompanied it. My friend enjoyed her glass of Pinot Noir while I sipped a sparkling water. My only complaint is that it was so packed, we were squished up against the wall trying to chat and eat. I'll definitely go back again!
3	Man, I've really given The Roosevelt a chance, having been here oh, 25 or so times since its opened.  Its withing walking distance from where i live, yet i wouldn't find myself there as a local in need of a beer -- either alone OR with a group less than 4.  This place is tragically drab.  Although the historical house is beautifully and creatively restored, the inside is cloaked in gray paint and the furniture arrangement is awkward.  In the middle room, if you don't get the only table, then you are sitting side-by-side with your company in a dark room staring off into gray walls.  If you sit in the side/front room, you have to sit on a cushioned square.  Who wants to drink wine on that and feel a semblance of sophistication?  I know i personally can't pull that off. The back room is completely dominated by two things.  A long wooden (read: boring) community table and a halogen light that could probably double as an x-ray for skeletal lamping.Their back patio is now serving as the unofficial "smoking patio", although Matt has yet to receive the permits from the city (and i'm SURE its the city dragging arse) to allow alcohol back there.  This place monstrously needs a back patio.  Ok, so concerning the alcohol ... This is what raises its star-level.  The House Ale is some of the best local-brew i've ever had.  Seattle/Portland/Vancouver-good.  And, of course, the gimmicky cold-ness of their drafts are pretty neat-o, particularly in the summer.  However, this place isn't open during the day (until 5pm, i beleive), which kind of defeats the point of a frosty pint at day-drinking hours.  Three things to help improve this place:  1) Spice up the color, for Pete's sake.  Anything but gray.  2) Open before 5 or 4 or whatever time you open.  Its too late.  Especially during baseball season.3)  Change the mix cd!  Jesus, i LOVE radiohead, but enough's enough!  OK computer does not need to be on all the time to increase your scene-kid cool points.  The Roosevelt could use some cool tunes, and dare you venture into a Jazz night?  It kinda fits into your scheme.Anyway, as much as i'm bitching about this, its only bc i want this place to succeed and it has the foundation to be someplace VERY cool as a 'Local Haunt' or as an 'All-Night, Only-Stop' bar.
5	What a fantastic job Matt & Ernie Pool with this new place.A fantastic new bar for downtown folks. Great food, (try the Grilled cheese and Tomato soup) and a great beer and wine selection.Deluxe people in a deluxe setting... My fondness for the Roosevelt is only equalled by the brevity of this review.
2	I'm giving the Roosevelt 2 stars because that's exactly what it deserves.  I've tried, and I thought about trying again, and then I did try again..but it was closed, apparently Monday night is not suitable for business, along with lunch time and early happy hour.  Beyond the schedule:1) Drink selections are no good either.   Sure the beer is great, but if you're a wine drinker like myself, be ready to settle for one of the daily selections posted on the chalkboard!2) Decor is about as boring as the clientele in this place.  I think I've heard some of the worst jokes of my life there.3)My friends' car once was locked in the parking lot shortly after closing time had to get it the next day....add some spice or I'd much rather stay home...
4	First off, I have to admit most of the times I have been here is on First Fridays, which is why it gets four stars. Not that it is their fault that it is so ridiculously crowded that you can hardly walk through the place and not be in someones way, but, maybe they could make it more accommodating.If I could enjoy their drinks and food without having to worm my way through way too many people and stalk a table or counter or any place to sit and enjoy my food, it would be perfect.The ambiance is nice, a little dark, hardwood floors, the refurbished house is hip and well-done. Music is piped into every room and the volume is just a little too high. There is a wooden deck out back if you want to smoke.The beer and wine list is great. I have yet to have something I didn't like. The micro-brew and local beers are rich and tasty, served ice cold. The food is absolutely amazing, possibly the best grilled cheese and tomato soup on the planet and the honeymooner is incredible, as is the cheese plate.So if you don' mind being elbow to elbow with the psuedo-hip artsy fartsy new bohemians, The Roosevelt is well worth it. Better yet, go on an off day, like a Tuesday for better luck. The beer, wine and food will not disappoint.
5	i'm not afraid to say it. i am a roosevelt regular. a member of the 'boat club.' when i walk in everyone knows my name and are as excited to see me as i am to see them.the girls here know what they are doing. i told jenna that i was not a beer drinker and she kindly introduced me to several delicious options. my friends and i trust them so much that i generally just say, 'bring me whatever' and am never disappointed. i'm a fan of most everything about the roosevelt. the music, the color of the walls, the wallpaper in the couch room, the at home feel, the friendly employees, the flowers that brighten each room, the secret bathroom, the snacks, when they have pap star as a red wine...then you go to the inside bathroom. everything else is so chill and wonderful, that when i arrive at the bathroom with white walls, i am so disappointed. obviously minor, but it's the only thing i would change.
4	Being new to Phoenix, I'm glad to find a nice little spot like the Roosevelt. Decent decor, decent menu, and surprising chill for a Saturday night. Employees were cool, patrons were fun in that slightly random way, and it was a good time for all. We even headed back after Bar Smith was a little disappointing...Admittedly, I just got to Phoenix after being in... let's see... Barcelona, London, Budapest, LA, and Mexico City over the last year... On the other hand, I'm stuck out in Glendale/Peoria where I think TGI Friday's may pass for cool (sorry Glendalians but we know it's true). So the whole Phoenix scene was really starting to disappoint...Nontheless, I'll be doing a lot more exploring downtown.. :-)
4	Minus one star for being the type of place where you're always asking yourself "ass or crotch?"  Apparently, it can get way too crowded for its own good so you'll be doing some serious rubbing as you navigate through the sea of yup.  On the plus side, the feel of the Roosevelt is super cool.  Very dark and well-kept.  Perfect for a date who doesn't mind talking really loud.On the super plus side, they have Arrogant Bastard on tap.  I can be easy to please.
5	When you get a seat and settle in this place is the best.  If you have to stand for awhile (and you very well may have too) that part is gonna suck no doubt about it.Went here on a Saturday night and out of the 2 hours we were here the music was 95% Radiohead and Thom Yorke solo stuff, that's what 5 star drinking establishments are made of!Extensive wine list with a few by-the-glass selections written on the chalkboards each night.   Ton's of micro beers to choose from.   We didn't get a chance to eat here but the food looked like the perfect match for this place, simple, fun, and creative.     I'll be back for sure with my fingers crossed that they always play 95% Radiohead and I wasn't there on a special night.
4	The Roosevelt is a fantastic bar if you're looking for a low key evening with friends.  Located in a neighborhood that seems simultaneously sleepy and buzzing with energy, this bar is a perfect reflection of the direction that the downtown area is moving in, flaws and all.  Built in an old historic home in the Roosevelt district, the aptly named bar oozes charm in more ways than one can count.  There are 4 or 5 separate rooms inside that create a cozy atmosphere and a great sense of privacy.  Decorated with fancy wall papers, flowers on each table and a nice collection of candles, the Roosevelt would serve as an excellent place for a casual first date, but works just as well for a fun night of beer sampling and cheese-eating snobbery.While the bar offers a nice selection of wine, the Beer menu is the real star at the Roosevelt, so if your idea of a nice drink doesn't involve hops and yeast you may want to go somewhere else to imbibe.  With an impressive selection of top-shelf craft brews and imports, the Roosevelt is well worth checking out.  In fact, its the only place I have been to in my entire life that serves the Konig Ludwig Weiss, which I highly recommend trying if you make the trip out to the Roos'.In spite of its many charms, the Roosevelt isn't without its flaws.  Service and seating can be hit and miss depending on when you decide to go.  Also, the lack of outdoor seating means that smokers will have to leave their drinks inside and walk out front if they want to light up.  I've been told that the ownership is working on this issue, but for the time being, if you want to smoke, you're doing it on the street.  Finally, the bar keeps odd ours which might freak out some folks in the drinking set.  I've heard rumors that they're closed on Mondays and know for a fact that on week nights they don't stay open much past midnight.  If this is an issue for you I would suggest calling ahead before planning a visit.  All in all, the Roosevelt is a great place to go enjoy a few beers, relax and enjoy some conversation.  However, if you're looking for a booze fueled barn burner, you should probably look elsewhere because the Roosevelt is way too classy for that.
3	checked this place out on First Friday. I figured it was jam packed due to it being FF, but after reading some other reviews, it must be packed all the time. My husband and I met up with a group of friends that already had taken over a room with seats, so that helped as to not have to stand the entire time I was there. Despite being so busy we had a really friendly and attentive server. I only ordered drinks, but caught a glimpse of some of the food and peeked at a menu and the food looked and sounded good. I enjoyed the Roosevelt and would definitely go back. They seem to have a decent selection of beer and wine.A drawback other than it being so crazy crowded is it gets very loud and you will end up having a shouting match with the people you come with just to have a conversation.
3	Roosevelt has great food, awesome music, and for Phoenix a killa beer selection. The bar only seats about 7 or 8 people which is pretty lame for a tavern, but if you can get a seat relax drink a beer and enjoy a random western. Oh yeah on Sunday roosevelt rocks an all day happy hour which is pretty rad.
3	This could be a fluke but I had the strangest experience here last Friday. My first time and I was not familiar with the beer selection. As such, I requested a sample and was told that the "manager gets mad when we do that" by the blonde gal behind the bar. I offered to pay as most breweries have a sample option on the menu but she regrettably snuck me a shot size tasting of one of the options. I felt like I had no other choice but to go with the one I just tried. I had to make my way through three different beers before finding one that hit the spot, plus my buzz was kicking in so this mishap was becoming a non-issue fast. I just refuse to believe that the manager "gets mad" when customers ask for a sample tasting. Again, I offered to pay for it... Hmmm???
5	Super crowded and chaotic on a busy night; nice and comfy on a slow one.  Either way, it's fantastic.  The vibe is electric and the clientele are bound to be at least half as weird as you are.  This is the perfect place to go  with a friend, or to strike up conversations with strangers, sipping some ice cold beer.
4	Matt Poole, you failed miserably... if you were trying to make a crappy bar. The Roosevelt is a historic preservationist's dream, as the home it is in has been beautifully remodeled, even if it does feel like a frat party the way it is set up. I love the keg room with the glass wall making everything visible, it's very cool. I like the beer list, but the wine list and food menu leave a little to be desired. I'm a little confused why slim jim's (sun devil stix) are on the menu, as well as a grilled cheese and tomato soup... ok I like grilled cheese and soup, but not really at a bar. That doesn't exactly say upscale bar food, that says more like I'm naked on the couch watching Fast Times at Ridgemont High and I've got the munchies whats in the kitchen? In all, I gotta give it a 4 because the place is so well remodeled and they did such a good job of keeping the original parts of the home well preserved... along with the stellar beer list, just the food menu makes me scratch my head.
5	There's something so magical about The Roosevelt, especially when it's a slower than average night and you find yourself in the front room (not the one with the entrance; the one with the giant, uncovered window overlooking the south side of the lawn). Yes, there's something magical about sitting with a couple cool people, having a very free-flowing conversation, while Radiohead and Smashing Pumpkins play overhead. There's something so relaxing and chill about this place - with candlelight and fresh flowers scattered demurely around. And the menu... yes, plenty of beer to choose from, including a new fave cream porter from Portland. (The wine list is pretty nice, too.)I love the rotating tap, too. I love walking by their stock and seeing kegs of Rogue. I now love that there's a "secret" bathroom outback, for those nights that are busy and you've drank your weight in pints.
4	I love The Roosevelt because I LOVE PRETZELS, and if you too LOVE PRETZELS, then you will clearly also love The Roosevelt.  I come here for the delicious snacks and the deliciously spicy ginger ale that tickles my throat and nose holes and inspires a need for fire-drinking. because thats what their ginger ale is. fire-like. do you like ginger ale? no?go try theirs. now you like ginger ale. *The only thing that I do not like about this place is that the seating is retardedly minimal for a place that is frequently flooded with asses that need to be sat. Get on that.
5	I really enjoyed this place.  The atmosphere was amazing.  I'm from Portland, and this place really felt like home. They had a great beer selection, as well as a house brew.  Great place to chill with a friend or maybe a first date.
4	Has to be the best grilled cheese and tomatoe soup in Phoenix.  Good place to meet your friends to take them somewhere they haven't been or wouldn't normally go themselves...as it's not much from the outside, but makes up for it with personality on the inside.
5	Wow!  I loved this place.  We went for happy hour (5:00) before we went to the Phx Art Museum.  Amazing bar food.  I had the Slopy Joe and a big fat pretzel.  Carbs anyone?!?  The beer selection was great.  Our waitress was super friendly and informed.  I also loved the decor.  I would have stayed longer but our little guy Evan was a bit too excited - I think the really loud music was a bit too much for him, and to be honest even though we loved what they were playing, it was a bit too loud for us too.  I can't wait to go back but we will leave the little guy at home so we can really dig in and stay a while!
5	by far i think this is my favorite bar in area.in walking distance. good selection of beer. nice wait staff. comfortable seating. greate environment.food is awesome.my favs are the grilled cheese and tomatoe soup, the giant pretzel and the bowl of roasted nuts.great place to just chill with friends. also if your adverntures sit at the conversation table in the back room. great place to meet new people. if you feel like being private, check out the forward room.prices are good. not exactly cheep. but the environment is worth it. slightly upscale in a good way. not too yuppie.owner is Matt from Matt's Big Breakfast.
1	It pains me to do this, but after recent experiences I feel it's necessary to comment on the Roosevelt.  I would have previously considered myself a loyal patron of the Roosevelt, but after tonight I am done for good.  Let me preface this story by saying that I arrived last night (a Thursday) JUST before a brutal storm hit.  A bunch of us were literally trapped in the Roosevelt as the storm went on outside.  The air conditioning cut off , but eventually the storm subsided and the power came back on.  At that point, I was somewhat happy that I was no longer trapped in a small, sweaty house, so I grabbed a refill and started talking to my friends.  As I was talking, I felt a tap on my shoulder, and I turned around to hear the owner telling me to "be quiet, we can't hear the music," referring to the exceedingly mediocre folk rock act that had started performing in the front area.  Now, I love live music, and I have no problem with giving the performers an appropriate place to play, but after sitting through a storm for an hour and sticking around for some drinks, I would expect to actually be allowed to speak.  Unfortunately, Matt clearly doesn't know a thing about good business or about treating his customers well.  I've been coming into his bar for a year and a half and the guy has never once had the courtesy to say hello to me.  All I've ever gotten from him is a "be quiet."   A guy who doesn't recognize his good customers doesn't deserve to have them at all, and unfortunately for Matt, he won't have this one anymore...
4	This place is great for a first date. The ambient lighting is a major plus, and close seating makes this place very intimate. I would have given it all 5 stars if they had more a food selection. Don't get me wrong, the food that's currently on the menu is great.
4	This is a really cool place to hang. Went here last night and had the roast beef sandwich with carmelized vidalia onions. YUM. My friend loved the grilled cheese and homemade tomato soup. If I Iiked beer I'm sure I would have been impressed with the beer list -- it's pretty extensive. They had nice choices of wine as well. Funny thing though, the only have root beer, ginger ale and bottled water. I was hoping for a diet coke but that's okay, after all it is a bar. Cool vibe, good service, great music. I'll be back...
5	Who doesn't love Matt, what a great guy. Whether this dude is slangin' hash and eggs or amazing beer and snacks everything he touches seems to be delicious. The snacky items are all unique/fresh, they amazing selection of beer freakin' rules (who has Rogue Beers on tap, this guy does), and the place is shwag as hell. Great downtown place to take a date, low light always makes me look better, you might be better looking.  If you like beers off the beaten path and a shwanky place to drink them this is it.
4	I want to keep going here, I really do. I want to drink from the massive amounts of beer selections, munch on soft pretzels and converse with friends.But I need some space. The Roosevelt has become popular and that means Scottsdale people have invaded. You'll know them when you see them; guys with collars open a bit too far, six fake-blonde girls in one group and an air of snobbishness that excludes anyone not in their group to talk to them.Matt, I wish you the best...but I'll still be there Sunday-Thursday. ;)
3	This place needs to stick to being a bar and not a live music venue.  I went last week to see my friend play a live show before his band left for Germany, and it was a bittersweet experience.  The performance was top notch, but there was nowhere to actually watch the gig.  You could hear it perfect, in every room, but it sucks to be you if you  want to see anything.   Plus when you walk in, you have to walk right between the band and the few members of the audience that can actually fit in there, kinda making yourself a nuisance and in the way through no fault of your own.  Joe and the boys were set up in the front room which is a converted living room or dining room in a converted house.  Next to that is (separated by a wall) is a bar taking up 70% of that room, so viewing options are kaput there too.  The back of the building is more open and less crowded, but then again, you don't get the luxury of seeing the performance.The Roosevelt has a great selection of local, national, and imported beers, which I am sure would delight any beer connoisseur.  They have an interesting bar food menu, which I might have been willing to try had I been hungry.  In summary, remove the live music, and you've got one great place in downtown Phoenix to hang out, socialize, and meet new people.
4	This is a great place to bring a date.  Plenty of chill area. I found it sorta odd that most of the light in this place comes from the small candles on the tables. Fun fact. I can't really think of anything else or bad to say about this place. Everytime I go there it's a good time. Cheers!
4	All I have to say is... Grilled cheese and creamy tomato soup!!!! And excellent beer selection. I'm a fan of the Rogue Hazelnut (goes just right with the grilled cheese and soup).Dimmed, relaxing lighting and awesome service!
5	I was going to give this joint 4 stars but my gal loves it!!! So she insisted on the 5 star rating. Good for intimate convos, nice snacks and amazing beer selection. You have to try the Hitachino Japanese beer...fantastic!! Ambiance and setting is very unique. The bar is set in a renovated old house with each room set to accommodate small groups in a dark cozy setting. Feels like a sophisticated house party!! Love it.
2	I have been going to The Roosevelt for almost two years and over time I've become less and less impressed.  At first it was a cool new place that not a lot of people knew about, but has since become increasingly more popular and crowded.  Ordinarily I would be happy to see a small local business thriving, but with it has come an attitude.   Case in point- I stopped by for a drink after a movie this weekend .  Some friends were coming to meet up so I ordered a glass of wine from the board while I waited.  It was awful, tasting like vinegar at the end.  I offered it up to my companion who confirmed it was bad, so I decided to ask for something else.  I waited for a bit but the server was MIA even though the place is tiny.  I went to the bar and explained to the bartender, who gave me a lecture on how they store the wine, what temp its kept at (54 for a red???) and said they go through it so quickly there's no way it had spoiled.  She assured me that it was lingonberry I was tasting that I probably didn't like, even though I love at the cafe in IKEA! I didn't really know what to say in response to her history lesson so I asked if I could please have a glass of the Pinot instead.  She said of course and went to grab the bottle, then threw in, "But just so you know, I'm going to have to charge you for the first glass, so you might want to see if any of your friends want it."I told her to forget it.  The only "friend" had already tried it and found it equally disgusting, so we contacted our other "friends" and had them meet us at Bar Biano instead.  At least there you can have beer or wine and also sit outside.  We used to have frequent happy hours for work at the Roosevelt, but I won't be recommending it in the future.   This place combined with Matt's Big Breakfast is surely making a profit hand-over-foot, but they can't even bother providing decent service to the people who supported them before Food Network made them all the rage.
4	I really liked this place it was dark and cozy, not loud at all. It was Saturday kinda late I suppose 12 or 1 am but it wasn't busy at all! I would have much rather come here instead of Chez No Dont period. The menu looked awesome I'd love to come back and try every libation they have to offer! The music was iffy but everything else made up for it. Server was totally pleasant everyone seemed friendly.Too bad its in that mythical land of down town that's so far from me. Thanks to Arik B. for making the good call.
5	i still have nothing bad to say about the Roosevelt. i have been comfortable in every room of this building. my current favorite room is the forward room with the couch and arm chairs. very comfortable to just relax and put your feet up. the middle room is good for a group of friends who would like to chit chat and nosh on some food. the table set ups are high and the stool/chairs are of equal height. if you are in a large group, there is the back room which has a large table for group conversation and some sit down food and drinks. my least favorite room is the room off the front door..and only because it can be very drafty in there when the door doesn't want to stay closed. but it's still very comfortable just to sit and have a beer. i honestly have never sat at the bar...but i am usually here with friends or want to be left alone. so sitting at the bar doesn't really suit me.the prices are decent, 4.5 on the low end, 6 on the high end for a draft and they have specialty large bottles for a bit more. the food is also really good. but like most places wax and waine depending on the day and staff. lol. pretzel still rocks my socks.my only issue is as a smoker, i have to be corraled into a small nook off to the right of the outdoors kitchen, hidden behind a tree..."is arik over there?" " dunno all i see is a tree" ohh well. i'm a pariah for smoking anyways. i'm used to it.overall i can confirm this is my favorite place to drink and relax.
5	My first time at The Roosevelt over last week's First Friday shenanigans, and even though it was pretty crowded, I loved it. Friendly folks, great beer, cool vibes, and lots of opportunities to strike up conversations. A patron there even offered me the house pretzel for a few bites (it was excellent). I'd love to go back on a less crowded night to hang out. Cool place.
5	My lovely lady introduced me to this spot on our First official Date. I love it. It's intimate, cozy and serves good, solid beer. All of the times I've been, the servers have been courteous, warm and knowledgeable. They've explained in detail their beer specials, where it's brewed, what style it is, etc. The sitting areas make it easy to get comfort and get lost in conversation. The place is fairly quiet for such a small place. The prices are fair  and they offer a small, yet satisfying bar menu. I look forward to spending more nights at the Roos (as I call it) with my girl. It made for a great first date.
4	Absolutely charming....A friend was taking me on a bit of a tour of all-good-things-downtown, and we visted The Roosevelt for a glass of vino.I really enjoyed the cozy and intimate atmosphere -- the service was great too -- helpful, but not clingy at all.  Just a funky little place with some interesting wine selections.
5	first - eat something here. it's worth waiting to find a place to sit. i sat on the fireplace ledge once. i get the boursin salad or the chips and dip. both are incredible. like out of this world incredible. my friend loves the grilled cheese and tomato soup.their wine is always impeccable as well. i love the roosevelt. be patient, eat food, drink wine, and be merry.
2	I don't know why I even bother trying to go here. Every single time I walk in this place I end up walking right back out. I tried to go there with Mark J TWICE in December and both times we ended up walking out within 120 seconds. Lame!The Roosevelt is either too crowded, or there isn't any seating, or it's filled with hipster douche bags or the service eats a dick.My recent problems with this place include:- Inadequate seating- Huge waste of space/not laid out well- Staff consists of asshats mixed with a few very cool staffers. Most of the chicks who work here are cool, but I encountered several dick tard dudes.- Why is there a security gaurd/rent a cop here at all times? He is nice but it is too creepy for comfort. What is this? The Arizona Mills Mall?- The suckdom ruined my birthday- Mean people giving mean looks hamg out here a lotOn the flipside the beer selection is good and I ate here once a looooooooooooooong time ago and I think I thought it was good. I can't remember because it was so long ago. I'd love to eat here again but I can't seem to tolerate this place for more than a few minues before I stomp on off and out the front door.Do better Roosevelt.
4	Okay, after recently relocating to Midtown from the vapid vortex of the valley (aka N Scottsdale) I knew I was in for some culture shock.  After scouring yelp for suggestions, I grabbed my best friend Lisa and we took off an a little mid-week impromptu bar crawl to help familiarize me with my new area.First stop, The Roosevelt.  Oh my God.  How much did I freaking love this place??  I literally felt like Alice and I'd stumbled down the rabbit hole upon entering this quaint and cozy little bar, especially after spending the last 3 years up north.  Where were the steroid-induced and over gelled bartenders I had come to expect?  And where was the group of young 20 something girls that looked like they wanted to rip my head off right as I walked in the door?? Every where I turned there were great little details.  A guy reading a book while throwing back a beer in the corner snuggled up into a chair, a group of interesting looking women having a great time discussing lord knows what, and of course the fabulous bartender that let my friend Lisa (literally the most indecisive person in the world) sample practically every beer on tap until she found the one she liked the best.And don't even get me started on the beer.  For those of you that don't know me, I had a bit of a reputation back in school for basically being able to drink my weight in booze.  And yet, after two tall glasses of their intoxicating house beer, shockingly enough I had a nice little buzz going on.  No, it may not have been my first drink of the night but that's besides the point : )Sampled some food at the suggestion of my fellow yelpers, and I don't think anyone in the world has ever inhaled a grilled cheese sandwich and bowl of tomato soup as fast as I did that night.  Sooo good.Only reason I am taking a star away is because of the 1 bathroom.  A situation that has proved to become a bit problematic as the place fills up.Oh well, I absolutely loved it and will definitely return!
3	Location: Superb. Decor: Quaint.Never tried the food, but looks like more "upscale" bar food. I.E. Franks and Beans, Pretzel with mustard, cheese plate.The beer tap goes a step beyond the boring ol' Bud Light and into Rogue territory, but they only serve 3 or 4 wines by the glass (and there is no way I'm buying a bottle at their prices). The prices for the glasses of wine are what you'd expect from an "I'm not a "bar" bar" (ala Bar Bianco).Limited seating, but I like the seats.And because I'm a hipster doofus that lives downtown and has money to spend, you'll see me again. Damn you!!!
2	My main feeling while I was at the Roosevelt was that they took me for granted as a customer.  This came from two main things:  1) the fact that they will not, really, make any changes to their 'snacks' menu...as a vegetarian this put me off quite a bit.  2)  the fact that when some friends ordered the snacks of the day, they were told that the kitchen "got a bit of a late start, so it might be a bit longer for your food."  ?  If you've worked in food service, you know you had damn well better be ready to serve food when the customers walk in.  Unless the cook got into some kind of predicament where she or he is unable to begin cooking when the restaurant opens, there is no valid excuse for that.  Maybe my standards are ridiculously high.  :)I did like the layout of the place and the way the sunlight came in...very homey.  Our server was always there when we needed her, but didn't seem overly friendly.I don't know...I guess it just rubbed me the wrong way.  I will try another place before coming back here.  I would love to give it another chance, though.
3	This place could probably be really romantic on the right night, but I haven't gotten lucky there yet.  Something's always felt just not quite right at The Roosevelt.  There are plenty of dark nooks and crannies in which to secret yourselves away, but unfortunately, the wait staff seems to lose track of you if you're too well hidden.The menu is mediocre and the booze is a little overpriced for the surroundings.  They were quicker to chase us off the front lawn for smoking than they were with our drinks, which is always a bad sign.  I think some warmth from the staff would go a long way--and I understand the place is run by wonderful people, so that shouldn't be a problem.  Hoping for better luck next time, as there aren't that many bars of its type downtown.  Yet.
5	I love this bar. It has a calm atmosphere that is great for a first date scenario or meeting someone for a cozy chat.  It is rather small and can get pretty packed on busy nights though.  I recommend getting there early and securing a seat.The first time I was there about a year ago, I met Ernie the owner. She was so pleasant and friendly!  Now every time I go in she welcomes me by name and gives me a hug!Good people!  Great place to meet a friend and have a brew.
5	If you havent been downtown for wine,beer, and good "bar" food, you need to go to the Roosevelt Tavern. The first time i went, i fell in love. This is a small place, so if you go on a first friday, you're probly not gonna be able to sit down at a table. But the roosevelt is such a great space, from the front gate, to what was,at some time, the back yard. Its dark, the lighting is by candles, and very dimmed over head lights, i feel like it can be romantic, and also a great place to meet up with friends for drinks. I love the food. The panini's are big, and plump with meat, i love the big salty pretzel, and of corse,the  grilled chesse and tomatoe soup. But my favorite is the beer steemed Hotdog! its great. I hope that there will be years to come, of good times at The Roosevelt.One more thing, if you go to the tavern and there is room at the back table (its a family stlye table,) sit there. Its always interesting.
5	It is places like this that make me wish I lived downtown or at least closer to downtown. I don't know if I can write anything that has not yet been written about the Roosevelt. The decor, concept, menu, and atmosphere are incredible. It is the perfect low key drinking spot. The bartenders were slammed but still accommodating the server gave us the heads up on open seating in the front room and checked on us frequently despite the crowd. I don't know if we just picked the right night to go but we didn't encounter to many undesirable characters and they seemed to keep to themselves. I am anxious to go back and try some food and explore the beer menu.
4	The house beer here... My friend and I dropped in here for our first times and ordered it. The sweet aroma of that brew was hard to pinpoint. I said some sort of berry, he said orange, and our waitress claimed cannabis. From that point on I was sold.Overall, I like this place. The look and ambience of the Roosevelt with their beer selection and presentation makes for a wholly enjoyable experience. It's definitely worth all the trouble trying to find the place. Depending on how you look at it, the size of this place is either a pro or a con. It's a good thing in that it builds a relaxed and quiet atmosphere, but it might be a negative in the case where the space gets filled easily. The bar is literally a house that they converted which I find cool, but I will admit that some of the rooms give off a claustrophobic feel.The Roosevelt definitely is and will be a staple of the burgeoning arts district, so try to go by there before it becomes too well known. Make sure to check out the crazy good berry-citric-weed beer too and keep the secret to yourself.
4	Twice now, I have had the company of great friends at this quaint, historic tavern. The service is always impeccable, and the taps continue to rotate with refreshing new brews. Of course, I admit, the blissful Rogue Hazelnut Brown is my heart's desire on most nights. When I do cheat on my love, it's easy to find a hoppy, tempting bottle or smooth stout to delight my palate. But this post would be sadly insufficient if i don't mention the grub. HH is a fabulous value, but the "heavenly crack" pretzel, as I playfully refer to it (courtesy of MJ Bread) is sweet, perfectly baked and accompanied by two dance partners: stone ground mustard and a honey sauce. Drink in the restored interior, high ceilings, vintage furniture and echoing halls. Try it, share it, savor it.
5	We came to Arizona to watch The Dodgers at Spring Training, and we asked the local YELPers for some advice about where to have dinner and drinks.  They recommended the Roosevelt Row for art\, food, and delicious beverages.We didn't see much art, as we weren't here for the "First Friday," which seems to be the busiest day of the month on this strip, and we didn't really look too far for food, because we ended up at The Roosevelt, which tickled our fancies for plenty of great reasons:1. Great beer selection - We had Delerium Tremens, Stone Arogant Bastard, Roosevelt House Pale Ale, Alpine White Rascal, and Hitachi White Ale, and all of them were delicious, as well as fairly priced.2. Fantastic food menu - There were a lot of interesting options to choose from, but we went with the Pan Del Padre (Croustini with chorizi and manchego), Nocino (basically a Media Noche without the pickles), and the Wonder Dog (a very environmentally-concious frank with your choice of toppings).  Everything was tasty, and we couldn't even finish it all, because the portions were so generous.3. AMAZING service - We're from California, and we told the staff that.  There is no reason that they should be so friendly and accomidating to us, as there's no way for us to become regulars.  However, they were attentive, knowledgeable, warm, and welcoming.  Kori, Rachel, and Leah were all alternating behind the bar, and we never wanted for anything.  Our glasses were always full with great beer (see above), our questions about the city were always answered with excitment and vigour, and our taste buds were consistantly flattered by the sumptuous fare they recommended.  A+4. Comfy Ambiance - It's a converted house, like a lot of places in this area of Phoenix seem to be, but they did it right.  It's warm, comfortable, stylish, and fun.  Whomever designed this place did a bang up job.Thank you, Roosevelt, you made our first night in Phoenix a great one.
4	Gorgeous converted house with a great beer selection. Good date night destination- it was quiet enough to converse, and the music was good. Nice small plates in the gastropub vein.
3	pretty cute, but they don't have any non-alcoholic beverages other than rootbeer and water.  i loved the big "community table".  super friendly people and great vibe.  they were having a cute dichroic glass art table next door and parking was easy considering there was a game and the phoenix artwalk tonight.  the waitress came out fast considering how packed the bar was.
5	Grilled cheese & tomato soup....and I don't even like tomatoes!Delicious.
4	The Roosevelt (http://twitpic.com/408gd ) has an impressive beer selection (both on draft and in bottles), very friendly staff and the place itself is very interesting. Beer prices are reasonable.It is located inside of an old house that has been renovated and transformed into a bar. The place has high ceilings, unlike similar historic homes in the area. We had a good time there on a Sunday afternoon, relaxin at the bar and chatting with the bar tenders.We did not try the food.We'll be back!
5	Things I like about the Roosevelt:- You can park right in front of it, and have rockstar parking!- They have hard cider. (I'm not too big on beer.)- Great service- Clean bathrooms - This is impressive being that it is a bar/tavern. - Good place to sit and chat with friends even though its not a "lounge" - We went on a Wednesday night- Laid back vibe- Food was actually quite tastyWhat is there not to like?
5	People in Phoenix should consider themselves very very lucky to have such an amazing place! The wine and beer list is so divine and thought out, the menu is by far the best food you could ever get at a wine bar, those chips and dips! the pretzel! the beans and franks! the tomato soup and grilled cheese! and lets not forget the best cheese plate I have ever had, and yes I eat cheese plates EVERYWHERE I go, for reals. Yummy rotating well priced wines by the glass, HUGE glass of mirobrewed COLD beer for $4, beer you will not find anywhere else in PHX on tap, well maybe at that yard place but who wants to go there? Great atmosphere, the seating could be a bit better, and the space could be utilized a bit better too. But that is also part of the charm, and intimate quaintness! GREAT music, really nice service, Jenna the bartender is so hot and smart and lovely ! I love that it is in an old house, and it really gives downtown phx that charm and deliciousness it needs! I miss the Roosevelt!!! Matt and Ernie, YOU ROCK!
5	The Roosevelt  is one of my favorite, favorite haunts!  They have Four Peaks brew on draft and let me tell you it is by far the coldest draft beer in town which makes it that much more delicious.  Their wine selection is pretty fair but it really is about the beer here.  To top of the great draft selection, they have an excellent bottled beer selection and it is served just as cold.  Don't go there if you don't drink beer or wine, they do not have a full bar.  Now for the food...I *heart* their grilled cheese and tomato soup and believe me I am a connoisseur of grilled cheese sandwich's (it is a vegetarian staple)!  My friends rave about the other items on the menu as well.  The chips and dip are great for a group snack.  What really attracted me to The Roosevelt was the location.  It is an old house converted in to a bar.  If you can ever get a spot at the bar, the bartenders are awesome and friendly.  They have a room with couches and chairs and a room with a large dinning table; both perfect for a group but get there early to claim your spot as it gets pretty busy; mostly on weekends.  Even better is if you can get a parking spot in front, it's free!
5	My favorite downtown bar, hands down. Why? It's got the perfect atmosphere -- it's loud, but not deafening, it's cozy, it's got great character and it has a kick ass beer selection. Matt Pool can't seem to do any wrong in my eyes. Have you tried the grilled cheese and tomato soup? There's so much Gruyere on that thing it oozes out on all sides. And the creamy tomato soup, that mixture of heavy cream and savory tomato... it's bliss. Kinda tough to get in here on a First Friday, but the Sunday all-night happy hour is an awesome deal.
5	Others have said it better but this place is a diamond in the rough. I'm from the Pacific Northwest so to find a place with a great beer list and delicious food (YES to the tomato soup and grilled cheese) is a joy. Go here. Go here NOW.
4	The Roosevelt is a welcome change to the packed, loud, and generic Scottsdale-type bar. They have an amazing beer selection and the location is quaint and charming.Things I like about The Roosevelt:- The beer selection- Parking is easy (except on First Fridays)- The wait staff is quick- The snack food (yes, the pretzel!) is yummyThings I do not like about The Roosevelt:- The seating/layout. Because the place is pretty popular, it's nearly impossible to walk in there after dark and find a place to sit. I know the house is small, but I don't think the seating was planned to maximize the space. In the future I might think twice before going to The Roosevelt, just so I don't have to worry if we are going to end up standing in the middle of the house (and in the servers' way) because we cannot find a place to sit or mingle.- There is a beautiful outside deck and no seating out there. In fact, you are not allowed to take your drink out there. I am sure it's some alcohol/zoning thing that they have zero control of, but it would be nice to sit out there.Side Note: The last time I was there a security guard (or was it an actual police officer?) was standing in the back, stopping people from taking drinks outside. I totally understand that they need to regulate that situation and the guard/cop was VERY nice, but it was still a little odd to have him standing in the middle of the restaurant. In conclusion, I really like the Roosevelt, but I think they need to re-think the seating.
4	One of my favorite bars.  The beers are excellent.  I had the Russian Stout which I highly recommend.  The menu is really good.  Try the bologna sandwich.  Last time, we actually got the big table in the back, which was just luck.
4	Since having moved into the NEW & IMPROVED Holgas on 3rd St. & Garfield, I'm discovering all of these phenomenal little house/business ventures, like The Roosevelt, within a stone's throw from my front door.  I'm very much a homebody-- you know, iffy about the concept of 'people'-- so I don't venture too far from either where I live or work. It was an eye-opener when I settled into the Roosevelt Row District having come from South East Tempe.  Many of these places I've seen when I've bopped up for a First Friday-- but lordy be, with the crowds that bow the walls of these businesses those nights, you can understand why I've only peeked through the windows previously.I meandered over to The Roosevelt after I returned home from a movie at the museum, discovered my cupboards were bare, and lamented that The Lost Leaf doesn't serve food.  I'll admit, I was eyed curiously by both the bartendress and what looked to be a server as I wandered in, wandered around, and tried to assess the situation-- could I go out the back door? Were there servers or was I supposed to order at the bar? Was the long table open for seating?  Was it even part of the bar? What's with the cop? Oy!Eventually, I just followed the crowd and took the last open seat at the bar next to a couple obviously on a date.  The bartender handed me a menu and directed my attention to the chalkboard with the wine-by-the-glass options.  I ordered a glass of Russian Jack Pinot Noir-- a medium body, very lovely, $9 pinot-- and hemmed and hawed between the Pretzel and the Grilled Cheese & Tomato Soup.  I opted for the latter as I was feeling more 'mealy' than 'snacky'.  While waiting for my food, I absorbed more of my surroundings now that I had my bearings.  Loved the atmosphere.  The lighting, the colors, the black and white movie on TV, the whole trendy somberness of the scheme.  When my food arrived, I'll say, it looked great.  But it had a lot to live up to; in my head I'd built it up quite a bit because Fontina & Grueyere are a couple of my favorite creamy cheeses.  It was good, very good, hit the spot for 'mealy', but it fell just a bit short for me.  The cheeses are very thick, and mellow, and the bread was well, very perfectly grilled panini-- and it just made me wish for an accent flavor, i.e. maybe they could garlic-rub the panini, or throw a fresh herb in there somewhere-- something just to sharpen it up a bit.  The soup was a good solid staple-sort of tomato soup, nice n' creamy.  I'll defintiely be back, but probably just for the wine, maybe a pretzel.  And when I'm able to drop $25 bucks on myself-- or finagle someone else into buying.
3	Went here at 5:30 recently at the suggestion of a downtown hipster friend. Place was small and packed, but had great selection of wines and beers that made the people I was with happy. Personally I'm a cocktail guy, so the beer and wine only deal is always a letdown for me. Service was passable, the place was small but well finished and is a small house divided into a couple of rooms. This is a place trhat you should be prepared to stand at the enitire time, girls with us in heels felt free to bith about that. The front room seats 4 on opposite sides on the room, the ante room seated about three and the back room had a table for eight, I think. That's it, unless you are lucky enough to grab one of the six or eight precious stools at the bar. Interesting mix of professionals and record store employees (pierced and tattaed and etc. and some reasonable eye candy from both camps) who were probably 4 hours early to see some shoe gazers play an off-tune set at Modified. The place has no sign or address number, unless you count the one molded into the planter in the front yard that is invisible from the street, so look carefully while circling the block you'll see it the fourth time around or so. Nice little patio out front but you can't eat, drink, or smoke there or at the one out back - WTF? I see this as a low profile pick-up joint at the right time of day where guys in suits will quietly eye over the hill punk rock girls. Which I like.
4	I have been to The Roosevelt several times now and recently took a date for a post dinner drink. This place is uber cool and laid back, but as other reviewers have stated, everyone does stare at you as you come and go. It wasn't too packed for a Friday night around 11PM. There were some chairs open and a couple seats at the bar. We opted for the bar. One complaint about the bar: It is very close to your knees. So be prepared to hit them few times. Other than that, seating was comfy. The bartender was attentive and helped with any questions. They have a bunch of small brews on tap, with the more well known selections available by the bottle. They have a decent wine selection, most only available by the bottle with a handful available by the glass. Didn't try any of the food. The one star deduction is for the bathroom. There is only one and it was about 25 degrees warmer in there than the rest of the bar. Putting that a side, I love The Roosevelt.
4	The Roosevelt seeps a cool vibe that can only be attained by converting a historic house into a den of drunkeness. Ah, a banker's dream.This is where my coworker, Dani, and I went after eating at Sens. She was going to a blind date and didn't want to show up alone, for fear that this guy would be a total psycho who would cut her hair and eat it in front of her. But this time, I already had two incredibly strong and delicious martinis from Sens and was very glad to have taken the light rail. I ordered the oatmeat stout and was quite pleased with it.Can I just say how much I loved the decor? I totally want to move in here...or use it as inspiration for our next home.So, the blind date guy wasn't a total scode and I let after half an hour. Dani, who was apprehensive about meeting this guy--who's a doctor, and I told her if she wasn't interested toss him my way (sorry, honey)--ended up having a good time with a nice guy.We both ended the night exactly the same: Passed out with a cocktail in our hands.
5	After going there again on Thursday night after the OYE, I have to give 5 stars now.  I tried the Grilled Cheese and Tomato soup.  Holy Shnikes!!!  I could have had that tomato soup poured in a glass, with a straw, and just drank it all night.  Phenomenal!!!  Made me forget about the sauna/bathroom, which was still ridiculous, btw.  The grilled cheese was amazing too!
4	awesome wine selection. dark, intimate and cozy. hipster vibe. great service, even though it is busy as all get out every time i've been. others i have gone with say the beers are amazing, but i wouldn't know because here, i prefer wine. love the couches, end tables and kitchen table ... great spaces that feel like home. i love this place because i feel like i'm drinking at home, only the roosevelt's house is cooler, they bring me my food and drinks and they do the clean up. i'll be back over and over again.
5	Cute little bar to catch up with the girls over beers or wine. They have a good selection of both. They also served grilled cheese and tomato soup. 5 stars right there!
4	I swung by The Roosevelt recently for the first time. I totally dug it. First of all, I love the little brick house. The structure, the exposed brick and the decor give it a great vibe.They had some great beer on tap - I tried the house brew which I believe is a Four Peaks? It was great. Then I struggled with my order. I need to try the grilled cheese and tomato soup as I've heard such great things about it. Instead I got the chorizo and manchego cheese over toast. Not bad. I probably would have been in love with it if the toast were actually toasty. It seemed much more than toast. I also had the dates wrapped in bacon and stuffed with Parmigiano-Reggiano. These were ridiculous. Amazing flavors, rich, yummy. I'd be ecstatic with a couple orders of these and the house beer.I definitely need to go back soon and try the grilled cheese and tomato soup and the pretzel as I've heard so much about them.My first visit definitely made a fan of me though and I will be happy to head back as soon as possible.
4	Once again, Phoenix, you've shown me how awesome a house can be when you remove all the furniture and put in beer taps.The place has a wonderful lounge-y feel to it.  The separate, smaller rooms are great for giving any group a sense of intimacy, even when the place is packed and loud.  You still feel like you and your companions have this little section of the place all to yourselves.  The only problem comes from the fact that if the bar area gets packed, it can be a bit of an ordeal to get a drink.The beer and wine selections have something to fit even the pickiest tastes.  They offer beers on tap and in bottles, which is nice (sometimes draft beer just tastes better).  They also have a great selection of bar food.  One in our group had the chili dog and it smelled like heaven.  I had the pretzel, which was warm, salty, and exactly what I craved at that point.  We also saw someone indulging in grilled cheese and tomato soup.  Even though I would have though that it was a bit warm for such fare, I couldn't help but drool a little at how good it looked.I'll be going back here to try more of the food and drink.  It's a great place with a good vibe.  It may get crowded on the weekends, but it's worth it.
5	I can't believe I've waited so long to review the Roosevelt as it is everything I look for in a bar: amazing beers (and a significant wine list),  great food , friendly staff, and a crowded yet comfortable vibe.The setting is just about perfect.  A historic house that has been renovated with modern/industrial materials, yet still maintains a sense of authenticity and encourages mingling and meeting new,friends (or just as likely, reconnecting with old ones). And, yes it can get crowded on weekend nights (and especially First Friday), so don't expect a table or seat, but to me, that is part of it's intimate charm.  If you insist on a seat, come during the week, or on an weekend afternoon when the D-Backs aren't in town.Their tap is a craft beer junkies dream line up.  The cover all the bases: ales, lagers, bocks, stouts etc, including a house beer crafted by my favorite local brewery - Four Peaks.  Better yet, they rotate a few taps on a regular basis and  have a unique 'guest tap' so there is always a mix of the familiar and the new.  If, on the odd chance that nothing on tap meets your fancy, they have over 40 bottled beers to choose from.The food is where the Roosevelt really shines as a bar, which shouldn't be too much of a surprise, given that the bar is owned by Matt Pool.  As with his breakfast joint, the emphasis here is on familiar, yet high quality comfort food - hot pretzels, roast beef sandwiches, franks and beans, grilled cheese and tomato soups, with a gourmet twist. Staff are friendly and outgoing, and contrary to other reviews, the crowds is diverse and welcoming -- sure there are the requisite downtown hipsters (esp on First Fridays) and the Scottsdale 'slummers' on Saturdays,  but depending on when you're out, there are also T-Gen scientists, downtown professionals, visiting ASU parents, suburbanites on the way to or from a game, visiting conventioneers and local residents just hanging out.
4	As confused as the seating is in this place, the decor, ambiance and product are spot on. Cozy furniture when you get a spot. Extremely delicious bar food. Choice selection of beers and wines. The Roosevelt is a charming place. Spending a hour here can renew your faith in Phx.
4	Solid stuff on tap for such a little place.  Excellent atmosphere with its low lighting, spaghetti westerns and friendly staff.  Finally tried some grub and the grilled cheese + tomato soup is delicious.  I've spent an entire night here with a large group and come in by myself just to grab a drink - never a bad time.  On first friday it's busy busy busy, but you will still get service asap.
4	Stopped here on First Friday and was happily surprised to get a seat, along with my date. Even more happily surprised to see Tobin James, Turley, and other good wines on the specials board at decent prices. The place got a bit loud as it filled up - maybe some artwork on the walls would help the atmosphere a bit - but overall, liked the feel. Reminded me of some of the renovated house/bars back in Baltimore.Food is upscale comfort food. He got the artery-clogging fried bologna sandwich, while I got the grilled beef w/cheese and onions (probably just as artery-clogging). Spicy marinated asparagus was a unique touch.Watched a bit of an old Clint Eastwood flick ont he large TV over the bar, as well. Much better than having mindless sporting events on. Will definitely be back on a less-crowded night.
5	Now this a place to see downtown Phoenix culture.  A renovated bungalow house made into a bar.  I love their beer selection and they have chosen their wines carefully.  Great little spot to grab a drink late night and unwind.  Only negative, if it may be called a downfall, it can be very loud with the wood floors and structure.  So it's not really a date place...unless you don't really care what the other person has to say!
5	LOVEI am certainly adding this place to my growing list of favorite downtown bars. The vibe was so spot on, I could probably come here 3 nights a week and not be mad about it. I love the seating, even though it makes absolutely no sense. Comfy couches and chairs big enough for Brad E. and I to share and fit both of our badonkadonks in.. trust me on that.. junk. in. the. trunk.  I ran into Joel L. here also, which is always a pleasure. Apparently the tomato soup and grilled cheese is absolutely phenomenal, and I am craving it more than anything in the entire world right now. The bartender boosted my ego about 63 notches by telling me what a lovely redhead I was, so thank you sir. You are the most wonderful person of the weekend. Their beer list is also killer and the outdoor seating area is big enough for a frat party.I honestly cant wait to come back here. If anyone, I mean, ANYONE is in the mood for The Roosevelt, call a bitch, I am so there.
5	The Roos is my new favorite place in the entire area...not just downtown.  I miss San Francisco every day, but this place is a great place to remind me that there are some cool, laid back, non-Scottsdale, fun-loving, good-to-drink and eat spots here in PHX.  Excellent beer list and taps (sure more rotation would be welcomed from a beer geek like me) and a thoughtful and reasonable wine list as well.  Comfy seating with a great home-like, come in and sit on my leather couch, feel and attentive staff make the good drinks and food even better.  Sure the seating makes it hard to people watch, but that's not why you come to the Roos.  You really can't beat cheese stuffed dates wrapped in bacon with a fine double IPA.  Plus the rotating specials, including rotating cheeses, are a great idea and a good value -- 5-6 bucks for a great panini, hard to beat (except by cheese stuffed dates...).  And, having a beer and wine special each night is a great way to encourage people to try new drinks.Thank you to the Roos for helping me feel at home.   I love you so much that I have proclaimed I am moving to a new home that will allow me to walk to you...is there a room in the back?
4	Love the space even though I can never get myself into a good one. My timing doesn't ever allow me or my peeps to do anything other than try to continually move out of the way. However, the two times I snagged a seat (it was also dead), I HAD THE BEST GRILLED CHEESE and TOMATO SOUP EVER!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  That is why I love this place.  That and the fact that it's in a lovely old Hansel and Gretal house.
5	Dear The Roosevelt,My friend and I, in town from Boston, came in to enjoy a delicious beer on the night of First Friday.  We thought this would be a big mistake.  Thank you for proving us wrong.  And thank you for proving that you are by far the superior beer drinking and food eating establishment in the downtown area.We took it upon ourselves to steal some seats at the bar.  Despite the crowd we were given above and beyond attention by your staff, the lovely ladies behind the bar.  The beer flowed continuously and the food was quick and delectable! (Who knew you could do that to a hot dog?!)Thanks for keeping such an impressive roster of beers on tap! See you soon!
5	It has been over 2 years since my original review of Roosevelt, the night of the very first Phoenix Yelp event ever.  Aw, look at our little Yelp...so big and grown up now!Back then I lived in North Scottsdale so the Roosevelt wasn't always on my radar.  Now that I live downtown I'm a pretty regular patron.  It is one of my favorite places to relax, and my absolute favorite of the homes that have been converted into businesses.  The bar snacks are comfort food for sure.  The sandwiches are loaded with meat and cheese and if that is what you are craving they are a great choice.  The tomato soup and grilled cheese is one of my favorites, as is the pretzel.  You cannot go wrong with the cheese plate, it is large and full of goodies.  If you see the mustard cheese on the board you absolutely must order it.  It is amaaaazing.  The little rooms lend themselves to whatever kind of group you are with or mood you are in that night.  You can sit at the small bar, grab the one of the front rooms with the big couch, the back room with the big table, or any of the spaces designed for small groups. They seem pretty dedicated to having a good rotating beer selection.  I can't really comment since I don't drink beer, but my husband always enjoys himself.  I have noticed they tend to have a lot of hoppy beers, so if it is not your think keep that in mind.  Their rotating wines are pretty good as well and I have found that most of the servers do a good job in suggesting a wine to suit your palate.  Three last notes. 1- It can be really dark in here, especially in the middle room.  Really dark as in you will have to hold the candle up to the menu to read, and even then it may be difficult.  2- Avoid on First Friday.  If you do go on First Friday wait until later in the night when the crowds die down. 3- They are closed on Mondays which makes me sad because I always seem to want to go on Mondays!
4	So here's another old house turned into a bar in downtown...While this one is a bit easier to find than Lost Leaf, I do LOVE the Roosevelt more because of their awesome food and I heart the house brew.While its small and finding a place to sit/stand can be hard at times, the cheese sandwich and tomato soup is worth the wait! The frank and beans also look amazing. The fried baloney sandwich sounds gross but takes you back to the time when you were poor and ghetto. Remember?The house brew is my fave because its a light beer with citrus undertones but they have an extensive beer and wine selection. The service was great. I am always greeted and someone is sure to come around to get our orders promptly. Some things I don't like-- the security guard...WTF?! Oh yeah--- and they have a great patio outside but no booze out there.
4	Aww, a converted house just like the ones when I used to live in Venice!! I love this bar. It's hard to find and super-cozy and comfortable. Excellent beer and wine selection and the prices aren't too shabby, either. There are all kinds of nooks and crannies to hang out in and they serve small plates of comfort food. It's a bit dark inside which would drive my parents crazy, but maybe that's why I like it - keeps the cranky OLDS out.
4	We went here for my friend`s birthday celebration. It was stop #2 along her birthday crawl. The atmosphere was dark yet electic. We didn`t eat here since we had dinner beforehand but I understand their soups and sandwiched are excellent! They have a good selection of wines and house brews, I had a hefewiesen, and was pretty good considering I`m a wine whore! We had a party of 20 and brought a huge cake with us, they were very accommodating with the party. I was told beforehand that the cake must be storebought and not homemade ( not sure what to make of that comment!), not like I can bake a cake for twenty anyways!! I plan to come back and try the food!
4	A great place to chouch out downtown. I was reluctant to try the grub. Georgie told me to try the grill cheese and tomato soup. I did and I liked it. This place gets packed early so make your trip to Lost Leaf earlier in the night.
4	house-turned bar. it's dark and cozy inside - perfect for whiling away a wintry night with friends.happy hour specials are great. i had the $3 beer of the day - not just your typical domestic or import brew either. it was the ska pinstripe red ale from durango, co. tasted like a bitter fat tire. not my favorite, but i like the atypical experience. a few of my friends ordered the $4 bar snack, which was more like a bar meal - smoked turkey, prosciutto, and mozzarella panini, and gave rave reviews. they also had a $5 white wine and $6 red wine on special. the staff were well-informed and super nice.all in all, i never expected to find such a charming place in downtown phoenix... and while i wouldn't drive all the way from east valley just for the experience, if i'm ever in the neighborhood, i'd stop in.
3	Like most reviews say, the food is good.  What I don't like is the lack of seating and the fact that you can't ask for alterations to the food.  The only thing that can be changed is the hot dog - no mustard of ketchup - everything else is as is.    If you have any type of food allergies, do not go here.
3	I agree. The grilled cheese and tomato soup is orgasmic.But I really would like to be able to sit down to enjoy it. What's a girl got to do to get a seat in this joint? Even a friendly lap would do.Fellas, can you help me out?
3	This place needs to be cleaned and makin' their patrons sit on the floor just isn't cuttin' it. From my unprofessional opinion, they need to start from the top with the dust bunnies on the ceiling and work their way down to the dirt on the floor (something about gravity?).The Roosevelt has a great environment, private and cozy, but very dark if you go at night, so bring a lantern or flashlight. (note: it's still light enough to see all the grime on the ceiling, but you have to sit down or wear thin shoes to notice the dirt on the floors).I'm gonna go back so I can try the grilled cheese and tomato soup and I will return and report upon completion of that mission.
3	I know some people reaaalllllyyyyyy love The Roosevelt.  I *like* it.The atmosphere is great.  I love the wood throughout, especially in the front of the house.One big table????  This is a pretty popular spot.  There was a fairly large party at the big table and I was meeting at least 4 other people.  There was some space at the end, so we took a seat, and I was inwardly hoping they left soon.  There is definitely room for a small corner table or two in this back room.  Why aren't there any???The food was under the headline "Snacks" and I was a bit scared of that because I was starving and the prices weren't snack prices.  I had the grilled cheese and tomato soup.  Both were excellent.  They use gruyere and fontina cheeses.  The tomato soup tasted fresh and had small basil leaves in it.  It was filling enough for being a "snack".I'm not sure if anyone ordered it, but a bowl of potato chips and two different dips came out after we had eaten.  One of the dips was bleu cheese and DIVINE!The bathroom?  Blech.  It was very cold...not as in temperature, but it did not go with the rest of the place.  It felt institutional.  Plain, white walls with 8 nails in a row on one wall.  Kind of random, since the nails weren't far enough apart to hang anything on them.Service was ok, a bit confusing.  We had two different women serving us and one claimed "This is only my third shift".  Don't tell us that.  Make us think you know what you're doing.
3	Friendly service, great music, and high ceilings. Other than that, I'll take a pass. It's really dark, but comfortable, in the back rooms and great for groups of 4-8 if you can grab a couch and one of the coffee tables. This is not a place I'd hang out if it was packed as seating is really limited away from the bar. Also, it was closed on Monday night. Stop lying, Roosevelt!
3	Super cute, great service, really wonderful vibe.  Our beers were reasonable, and most of the wines looked fair-priced.  The house beer I tried was hoppy, with a clean ale finish - yummy.We went on a Saturday night, and there was literally no where to sit (or, to be honest, comfortably stand) inside.  Luckily, the patio was empty, so our birthday-party-group of 10 headed to the chilly patio.Unfortunately, it was empty because The Roosevelt's liquor license doesn't extend to the patio, as we were kindly informed by a cop, which is a huge bummer.It's a cool, fun bar in a great area Downtown, but it definitely gets crowded.
4	I admittedly went to this place due to the Yelp reviews.  I was very pleased that they led me the right way.  This is a one-of-a-kind endeavor, where the restaurant seems to ignore all traditional principles in marketing.  Meaning, its somewhat hard to find - you could easily walk past this place and not even know it was a restaurant or that 30+ people are inside dinning and drinking away.I also love the menu - hot dogs, grilled cheese sandwich, ballpark pretzel - along with some more modern fare.  Given the style inside the place, you would have assumed you would be eating some eccentric dish.  Not this place!  Just keeping things fairly low key and loose.  And that comes across as truly original in my book - something I've found a lot of Phoenix establishments lacking.  I can repeat the reviews with the darkly lit rooms.  Obviously, they've read these comments and have no interest in upping the lighting.  Which is fine considering you're not ordering any braised pork or white-collar dish.  However, it does get a bit tiresome grasping for a candle so you can make out what the menu says.  I guess to each their own...All in all, as a visitor to Phoenix several times, I came away a sense that this is one of those big city finds that I also thought was missing in Phoenix.  Dine/drink someplace that isn't in a mall setting.  I would highly recommend this place for someone seeking an out-of-the-box experience in a quaint, casual setting.  Cheers
4	My wife and I have been here about a half dozen times and is one of our favorite little bars in Phoenix.  We always try to stop by when we are on one of our self-made light rail dinner/pub crawls like we had last weekend.  The Roosevelt is pretty much just a neat little older home converted into a bar.  There are a bunch of tables and chairs scattered throughout the "home's" rooms.  It is all very laid back and cozy.  They have a pretty good beer and wine selection as well.  My absolute favorite is the Rogue Hazelnut Brown they have on tap.  OMG sooo good!  That is pretty much all I get when I go.Anyway, this was our last stop of the evening so the place was a bit crowded.  This place gets super crowded so get there early if you want a place to sit.  I am not a real super huge fan of standing at a bar so sometimes The Roosevelt ticks me off in that regard, but I guess good for them for being so popular.  Luckily during this visit we only had to stand for about 1/2 hour then I was able to quickly pounce when people left from their table.  My anger about standing for so long quickly faded away and The Roosevelt once again became a great little bar to have a few beers, chit-chat and people watch all from a comfy chair.
3	Ok look, I understand that anything can become a cult classic when a few people known to be "cool" deem it "magical".  Picture somebody you really like and want to be your friend saying these things in a really annoying dramatic tone; "Oh my god, I have to have it right now!".  "This is the best thing on the planet!!"  "Dude, you're insane if you don't love this."  I bet you can guess what I'm referring to by now, it is indeed the infamous Grilled Cheese and Tomato soup "snack" bonered over by pretty much everybody I've ever met in CenPho.  Now I'll be honest, I've only been to the Roosevelt twice, and actually had a good time both times, but I had to give it 3 stars for a couple little nit-picky things, as well as the fact that I'm anti-bandwagon when it comes to sports, and food.  Really?!  I had better tomato soup on Continental Airlines for christ's sake.  I am not a big soup eater, but I've always appreciated tomato soup for its dip-ability, and simplicity.  I dont need a full salad of basil in the soup, and honestly I found it kinda watery.  Again, maybe its just because of the people who its got bent over telling me how bomb it is, but all I could think was "meh".  I can also cook a better grilled cheese with the bread from Tent City (don't worry about why I know what the Tent City bread is like) on a linoleum countertop with a clothes iron, while getting robbed, attacked by a wild boar (which I would subdue with the iron), and nagged by the super annoying chick that I mistakenly dated for a couple weeks last year.  I'm not a foodie, so I don't remember specifically what kind of bread and cheeses were used, but I do remember waaaay to much of said bread, and not nearly enough cheese, for 8 bucks.  8 bucks?!  Send me to Safeway, fuck that, Food City with 8 bucks and I'll make you a grilled cheese and tomato soup that will leave you begging for a cigarette.  But I digress.  Actually, overall, I like the Roosevelt.  The high top tables were rickety as shit and the little candle on the table served more as a way for me to burn myself testing my manhood by holding my hand over it than a light source.  The place itself is cute, and I've always liked places that have a homey feel.  Our waitress was wonderful, and even gave us some in depth info on where they get some of their ingredients.  I have one more gripe, and it's that I was apparently an asshole for asking for a bourbon, and not knowing before I stepped inside that they only serve beer and wine.  The bartender looked at me like I was a moron (which she has every right to do b/c she's dead on) and told me to rethink my selection of Wild Turkey on the rocks.  I love Oak Creek, so I was pleased to see that they carried it, but I think they probably lose the business of some people looking for a cocktail.So, I'm more than confident that you will enjoy the Roosevelt, but if somebody tells you that you'll never have a better grilled cheese in your life, go in with the mentality that they're just making sure that the chick/dude they're lusting after thinks they have good taste.  You'll never get her anyway broseph.
4	I don't go to The Roosevelt when I am starving or in the mood for a great wine at a good price.  I go to The Roosevelt for the atmosphere.  It is very sultry, to me.  You walk up a cute little stone/brick pathway, onto a cute little porch, through a creaky door... and you are in what feels like a candlelit wonderland.  On NYE 2008 my date and I stopped here for a quick bit to eat before heading up to Prescott for our real celebration.  I went in dressed to the nines, but loved that I knew I could come here in jeans and a t-shirt  any time.Each room has its charms.  There is a large room in the back that is ideal for huge groups of friends.  The "center" room is good for a first date or smaller groups of co-workers.  The room off south/left in the house is definitely for cozy floor-sitter types.The food IS great ("orgasmic" is a bit much) and the wine is always served well... but go for the experience of the place... not to hit up a wine bar.
5	The Roosevelt has it all. Amazing beers, craft food and exceptional service. Set in a lovingly restored home, this cozy spot feels like a second home, where everyone is welcome and treated like family. The Roosevelt is great for many reasons, and the great food is one of them. Don't miss the tasty pretzels and most of all the grilled cheese!They also have amazing beers served so cold- it is a feat of science. Seeing tiny frozen beer particles floating in your glass is very peaceful- especially in the summer. My favorite beer is temporarily unavailable on tap, but I hear it will be making a return soon. Look for Great White Ale, it's tremendous with tones of orange and delightfully crisp.
5	This is a great local establishment and rising landmark.  First off, the atmosphere is unmatched for a refurbished 19th century house-turned bar.  Dim lit antique chandeliers, wood flooring, and Victorian-style wallpaper, make a perfect atmosphere for indulging in ice-cold draft craft brews or a great glass of wine.  And if you're looking for a satisfying bite, try the renown grilled cheese & tomato soup (some come from the suburbs just for this).  Great daily happy hour specials (pasta night is the best).  This is not the place for you if you're out for a rambunctious night out with a large group, but if your looking for a chill and inspiring atmosphere, and conversation with a few friends over some great drinks...this is perfect.
2	I have intentions of updating this review eventually.  This place was on my radar for 2 main reasons, its proximity to where I live and the reviews on Yelp.  As I have been trying to check out every dive and diner within walking distance, I found the time last night to try this place out.   The reviews on here were mixed,  I walked in with anticipation but little expectation.   I walk in and see one table for two to my left in a very open entry way...taken.  I go to the bar see only one open chair...taken.  I look in to a side room.  Tables taken.  Investigating further back I see a LAAARGE Table...now when I go out to a bar I am looking to socialize, if I had been with a friend I would have taken a seat and enjoyed myself, but as I was rolling solo, the idea of sitting alone on a LAAAARGE table was admittedly sad.  So I didn't even stop and walked straight out the back door, down the alley and into another local joint.  Now if they had one more table for 2 in the front along the other wall I would have stayed. or if there had been a small group at the large table I would have asked to join in.  But sadly that wasn't the case.
3	Why is there no law preventing the cloistering of people in a micro-space with micro-bevs in hand from doing so on first Friday between 5pm and midnight?  If you are a little claustrophobic...as I am...you will not want to be in this little place.  It is clearly popular judging from the lack of elbow room to be had and the heavily stylish clientele that insist on immediate attention and on being in this closed space.  I am very hesitant to give it proper credit for being "special" because, I don't know...haven't we seen this all before?  Food is adequate, service is humble and somehow efficient but it is the quaint house itself that gives the allure and the deserved patronage.
5	This place is adorable but a little hard to find when its dark outside, we drove past it and had to circle back around. The place was jam packed this past Saturday and our group of nine were actually able to swoop in on a little corner booth, score! Our waitress was there with in seconds which surprised me considering how busy they were I was expecting to wait but so glad we didn't. She took our drink order and with in 5 minutes we were all enjoying our beverages! We only stayed for one drink as we had other places we wanted to go. This place is very cozy and romantic. I hear they have great food, I must try it next time, as I love Matt's Big Breakfast and this is the same family that runs that breakfast joint! They also had live music, just a guy in the corner playing guitar and singing, he was good and set a nice vibe. I will be back! Hi Ernie!!!
4	I've been meaning to write a review of this awesome bar. Previous to my first actual drinking experience at the Roosevelt, I had been there during First Fridays. Bad decision. It's a small craftsman converted house so couple it with its popularity, the masses and its location smack dab by the Roosevelt street fair this place was packed. I love that you walk in through the door into a room where you see a small bar with 4 stools, in the first room there's a table for two, and a sofa chair. The back room has a long table for 6. and the side rooms have three table that can see 2 to 3 ppl each, and the other street facing room can fit 2 groups of maybe 4 at most each. So you can imagine of FF it's a little claustrophobic. Anywho, I made a mental note to come back. So I went on a Thursday evening and that evening I was craving a grilled cheese and I heard about the most amazing things about the grilled cheese with tomato soup, so I ordered it with a true pint of belgian witte. OMFG... that grilled cheese was YUM! and a deep bowl of steaming tomato soup! with a real cold true pint of belgian witte that mind you when even with a third left the glass and beer was still cold. AMAZING! not sure how they do that but 4 peaks take note por favor! The server had a wine deal where she's said if you ordered a wine bottle and consumed more than 2 glasses that they would charge the bottle for 50% less. fun stuff. I just have to say it was kinda dark but it would make a great place to bring a special someone and enjoy each other's company. Friends work too =P Overall loved the Roosevelt and will return... Oh and let's say their menu had both sides filled with all the beers they offered... I think more than 50 to 60 or so! love it... an ode to you the Roosevelt!
3	Went a few nights ago, on a Friday night. First Friday to be exact.  To say the place was crowded would be an understatement.  They are already short on space, and this made it worse.It was noisy, and crowded. As "yuppie" as this place is, the prices of the beers were not as expensive as I thought.I was with a party of four, we ordered several beers and a lots of snacks, and were served promptly.  Service was good.
5	An excellent little hangout down in the heart of the arts district with an awesome selection of beer & wine.
4	Great spot for drinks and small eats.  I love the old converted craftsman homes--such a cool vibe.  Good beer and wine selection and good for 2-4 people.  The space is not very conducive to larger groups, unless you're willing to stand.
3	Really cool place but sadly our service was horrid!! I have never seen such a rude waitress. I was a waitress and usually defend staff but she was snotty, unknowledgable, and rude. It was inexcusable.
3	Can't really say it better than Jason C.Our visit here was okay. But I couldn't get over the bad lay-out and the waste of outdoor space. Seating was uncomfortable and the place was hot (in March) because no windows were open. The service was good (maybe over-attentive), but the overal experience wasn't one I'll soon seek out again.
2	Maybe if I lived in the same neighborhood, I'd dig this dark little old house as a casual off-property meetup spot.  Otherwise, I'll put all my hipster cred on the line by saying that this place is rather unimpressive.Last weekend, I convinced a couple of friends who had moved away from PHX in recent years that the downtown area is much improved and not a bad place to hang out on a Friday night.  But oh what a poor example this bar was.  It's dark and tough to see from the street, the inside is somewhat cool looking but basically uninviting, and the front gate area is crowded with smokers because there is no other place for them.  This probably explains the rather meager crowd we observed there....Granted, this trip was better than a couple years ago when I would have complained that it was too crowded and seating is rather awkward.  But I think that just illustrates the fact that this place is overall an unnatural bar setting.  Maybe it was meant to be a cafe instead, where at least the food would distract you from the dullness.
5	No amount of words can describe how much I love this place.  I have been coming to the Roosevelt on and off since the end of 2007.  Let me start off by saying this is one of the best beer selections I have found in the valley, I will drink nearly every beer here, although there are beers I drink far more than others (Stone Arrogant Bastard) and some I drink less than others.  I also enjoy seeing what comes on the rotating tap. There is virtually something for everyone in terms of beer.The food.  I have come here enough to have tried nearly every single item on the menu, and I have not been disappointed.  I love the Grilled Cheese and Tomato Soup, the Beans and Franks, and the Honeymooner (which is quite impressive, as I am not a huge fan of bologna).  The Happy Hour from 5-7 is great, and you can't beat Pasta night on Thursdays.Wine is my weak spot here, as I am not a huge wine drinker, it's kind of a long explanation, but I do like wine.  Every wine I have tried has been enjoyable. The staff are very welcoming and can offer good advice on what to order if you are unsure.Seating can become an issue on some nights and it can become quite difficult to move around when the bar is packed, but I don't let that deter me.
4	The artsy section of Phoenix definitely has its share of small, lively dining spots and, to me, the place that embodies the spirit of the art culture here the best is The Roosevelt. Patrons flood into the place during First Fridays (as everywhere else in the area) so I wouldn't recommend making that day your first experience here. Converted from an old house (again, like most in the area) The Roosevelt can get cramped and crowded in short order. Usually weekday nights are fairly easy to nestle into and get a spot at the bar or one of the other seating areas in the various tiny rooms. All these allusions to the size of the place might seem negative but in truth, it's one of its greatest charms. The result is a cozy, personal venue for mingling with your neighbor and enjoying The Roosevelt's culinary delights.The Roosevelt offers mostly snacking fare but combined can easily add up to a meal. They have a handful of sandwiches that are served grilled panini style. Highly recommended is the "Sweet Moses" roast beef sandwich or if you're feeling more adventurous and love Italian-style deli-meats, go for the "Norcino". The  "Greens" are a good accompaniment for some vege complete with baked goat-cheese or if you want more meat, try the "Pan Del Padre" (chorizo topped with cheese on bread). If you're just in a snacking mood, try the "Dips" (awesome Maytag Bleu and Onion dips) or a soft pretzel.Thursday nights offer a treat: Pasta Night! One pasta is cooked up per Thursday and usually involves a cream sauce and some type of meat like sausage or chicken. I usually don't care what it is, it's all good! I've never had a bad pasta experience there.One of the highlights of the experience is their chalk board, a listing of today's rotating taps (frequently changed brews), cheeses (for the fantastic cheese plate) and wines. They usually go for heavier, stronger beers on the rotating tap that make for an adventure in tastes. I really can't say enough good things about cheese plate, it's that good but again, strong tastes are contained within! It's not for the dainty. If you're not up for an on-tap brew, they have an extensive collection of bottled and canned beers and alternative drinks.The ambiance is really what makes The Roosevelt a true winner, but it's strongly supported by a wonderful kitchen and helpful, knowledgeable staff. It can get busy, but if you can avoid the rush, you'll have a very relaxing and chill time.
4	Nothing but great experiences each time I've visited The Roosevelt. I stopped in the other night with some friends and it was no exception. The house was packed, the beer was flowing, and the dimly lit nooks and crannies each held their own conversations. it's a magical time of night. There is still not enough seating (I am always the one to stand as I'm the tallest) and you will be banished to Dante's seventh level of hell if you attempt (you will be stopped) to swipe a chair from the bar.The beer and wine selection is usually provoking. The North Coast stuff is always a comfortable starter, but I also love seeing what's on the rotating tap, and it's almost always good.
4	I finally got a seat at The Roosevelt! It's getting 4 stars from me mostly for walkability/location but easily 3.5 on its own merits.  I walked in on  Tuesday around 5:30 or 6ish and bellied up to the bar.  They had 2 rotating taps and several local or popular favorites on tap and numerous available in bottles.  So many great choices.    I opted for the featured happy hour beer, on this night is was Sessions Black($3), I also decided to enjoy their happy hour snack ($4) offering of Havarti and Ham Pannini w/ Honey Mustard (hind sight 20/20 I should have said no mustard).  The bread was quality and superbly toasted, with plenty of cheese and ham.  It hit the spot.  I would have loved to stay longer for another beer but had to run.  I will surely be back.
5	My partner and I just moved downtown and The Roosevelt has become our hang-out. I love this place. The staff is so friendly, genuinely friendly. They are also knowledgeable about wine and we have had some amazing bottles. The food is also excellent. My favorite is the grilled cheese and tomato soup. It seems to draw a good mix of people so we don't always feel like the oldest people in the room. Great place to spend an evening.
3	Must say I thought this place was a little pricey!  My boyfriend and I went for happy hour a few weeks back and I felt like I really didnt get a deal.  After a glass of wine, 1 beef, 2 grilled cheese sandwich and tomato soup I ended up spending over $30.  The food was really good and the place is very cute and small.  Dont think I would go back for a meal but maybe for a drink.
3	I was really excited to try this place, and subsequently pretty disappointed by it.  I came here around 5:30, so that might explain why the vibe was off.  The place itself is exactly what I like.  From the outside it looks like a simply house.  Inside, it was very bare, but had a very relaxed mood.  Plenty of different types of seats from bar, to high tables to low tables in each lower chairs.  Lots of candles, etc... So far, so good.  First, they only serve beer and wine, which sucks.  Second, their food was both expensive and disappointing.  I got some type of sandwich (can't remember now), but the bread was super greasy, the meat was too stringy.  Half of it literally fell out when my teeth couldn't bite through the whole thing (and I have strong teeth).  It was also cold.  The people were nice, but it had a very "local" feel to it, they all seemed to know each other, which made this stranger feel a little left out.
5	So I was living in Phoenix for about a year and lived 4 blocks from this spot. Hands down my favorite bar (and I live in Texas currently)Always great atmosphere killer selection of beers and rotating ones too. Same owners who own Matts Big Breakfast so everyone is like family almost. I recommend the House Beer. I would have 3 and be faded.... luckily I walked. But don't get drunk like me... just a great place to chill, eat some simple snacks and watch some old school westerns on their TV..kick ass place, I miss :(
4	Scale of 1-10 (multiple visits):6 Food10 *Drinks*9 Service9 Atmosphere8 ValueI'll just get the tough part out up front:  I don't really dig the food.  I haven't been able to pin down exactly why - I just don't.What I do dig though are the many many beers they have, and the super bonus is that they ALWAYS have a Lost Abbey on draft.  Pure awesome.I've never been lacking for a seat, so I'm surprised by all the reviews that say differently, although I could see how that could happen because the seating is sparse - though that is part of the atmosphere they are trying to build here.
5	It is my new favorite downtown watering hole. Get their early, because it is a small place and fills up fast. Start there for happy hour and get your First Friday on! Their cheese plate comes with the worlds best date bread!
1	Three of us came and went. If you are a fan of an overtly pretentious environment, than this is your place. The staff has no personality and the food even less. If you have any concerns - or allergies for that matter - the "chef" is unable to accommodate. The menu is so bold - offering a robust 10 basic items - that they are unwilling to offer "No substitutions or modifications...Really." Don't waste your time - or money for that matter - Really!
3	Tiny, cramped, and dark. If you're into that sort of thing, go for it. But get there early, cuz seating or good place to stand is hard to come by. Super friendly staff.
4	I think I'm in love! What an incredible vibe. Am I back in Seattle? I love just about everything The Roosevelt has to offer. It has everything to make this a heavy consideration for the weekly rotation. The leather seating, multiple rooms and chill out areas, and great music offer an ambiance for any sized group. My only quibble is the fact they don't carry any cola products and they have a limited food menu. Otherwise, it rocks! I mean, don't come here so I can keep this place to myself. ;-)
4	Have you ever had a craving for a favorite kid food, but wished it could just have a little bit of a grown-up twist? At The Roosevelt, you can have just that. My favorite food here is the tomato soup and grilled cheese sandwich. It is one of those comfort foods I used to eat as a kid, so when I saw it on the menu I couldn't resist. I wasn't disappointed. I have also had the kettle chips with bleu cheese dip and onion dip. They were pretty good. The alcohol selection they have is great too, after all it is primarily a bar. Beer or wine they have some great ones to choose from.
4	Thank you to my Cenpho peeps for helping me find a late night spot last night (Sunday night at 10:30pm)! And thanks for the tip on how to modify my searches! Muy helpful.So I decided to go to The Roosevelt since they were serving food until 11:00. I also was craving soup so I wanted to try the grilled cheese sandwhich and tomato soup. Boy that hit the spot! I also tried a crisp white wine from an Arizona vineyard and it was surprisingly good!The house was raucous for a Sunday night, with a live Dj. Good conversation at the bar with tatoo guy. Only complaint was the bartender was veeeeery slow to refill my vino. But kudos to her for adjusting my bill because she didn't tell me the wine was twelve bucks a glass! That was awesome! I'll be back
4	I've probably only been to the Roosevelt 3 or 4 times, and each experience i've had was different, from bad to mediocre to great. I think it really depends on how many people have crammed into such a limited and intimate space. The same could be said of the Lost Leaf- but honestly i have a great time at the LL no matter the occupancy....the "Roose" is different tho.I think maybe it's the akwardness of standing and being in everyone's way and having table/ seat envy.This last visit myself and three lovely ladies I happen to have the pleasure of knowing came here last friday (a 1st Fri. @ that) we got ourselves some drinks and stood idly for a few moments waiting for the bar to open up, which it didn't. thankfully a waitress sauntered by and asked me what my poison was. I ordered a beer and the girls and I stood and chatted. Finally a few seats at the long rectangular table in the back room opened up, we quickly seized our opportunity and sat ourselves.The evening was nice enough, crowded and loud, we were still able to hold our side conversations if not converse as a group. My friend ordered herself a white wine, and i ordered another pabst.The scene was loud and crowded as i'd mentioned, with leering wandering eyes all around, it seemed as if everyone was posturing and sizing each other up. My special lady friend was starting to get a creepy vibe from a guy across the room, maybe 10 years her senior, who couldnt keep his eyes of her, and i cant say i blame him. She murmurs something along the lines of "why is that guy looking at me" and of course we all look in his direction, he smiles embarasedly and hobbles over and says something stupid like "is something wrong??""i dont know IS something wrong?" i ask him he mutters something else and walks away shame faced. We sat for a few moments longer and had some pleasant conversation in a charming atmoshpere as the crowd died down. Next time i come here i will make it a point to come early and order food (which looks delicious) cloister myself and my company in one of the rooms, and just hold down the fort all night.
4	Finally got to experience the awesomeness that is The Roosevelt Tavern!! it's in this historic house right on 3rd st just North of Roosevelt. WE ended up getting a few great beers from their awesome beer menu, and this super great cheese plate. it has this fantastic sheep's milk cheese, some other type of smoked cheese, aged cheddar, marcona almonds, cranberries, honey and this amazing bread from this local bakery. Just an awesome place, can't wait to  go back!!
4	Looking for a cool place to go downtown before a class my fiance have to go to. We decided on the Roosevelt because 1. it has beer and 2. we like the idea of a house in the historical district being converted into a restaurant. We walked in and were immediately impressed with the decor, and even music playing. We sat at the bar that wasn't crowded at all and looked at the Happy Hour menu. We got some beer that we had never heard of and ordered their Giant Pretzel, and a Chicken Pesto sandwich (wasn't on the menu) and they were both fantastic, we split both but we would have been full if we only got one. Overall the beer selection was pretty cool, I only took a quick peek at the wine menu, looked pretty good too but I'm not a wine snob I only like red wine that doesn't hurt the wallet. The only thing not giving it 5 stars is that the service was excellent, except that everyone that comes here seems to be very regular so they got caught up in conversation when we were trying to get and pay our tab. It wasn't anything to make you angry but it just took a little too long, especially when you are on a time limit.I would love to come here again with some friends when we are downtown again. I have already told a bunch of people they need to try it out. It's best to carpool because parking isn't very abundant.
4	The beer on tap is amazing.BUTI always feel like I'm walking into a private room and it's difficult to get a seat.
4	Roosevelt was fantastic! I'd definitely return. However, mostly for beer, it's not my top choice. To be honest, I'm limited because I only dined upon their cheese plate, and guzzled a single pint of brew, and I agree with others, it is delightful.I don't see myself enjoying it, if it was a full house. Seating is limited, and it's seemingly overwhelming when it's busy. However, the atmosphere is right up my ally. It's a converted Historic home - beautiful! We went on a rainy Sunday. It was dead, and I got to enjoy my present company as I delighted on the flavors of one of my favorite meals: one that combines cheese, fruit, bread, and at The Roosevelt: Valrhona chocolate. Now, they serve kind of a "bread of the moment" which was a currant bread which was good, but not what i expected when another bread they had served was hyped up to me. I do enjoy the fact that they have a variety of local brews, and I'm always up for a new beer.All in all, it's good. But also kind of hard to screw up a cheese plate.
4	A downtown staple, The Roosevelt is full of charm and is as comfortable as it gets. It's a historic home that's been renovated yet maintains its craftsman style charm. We love the front room with the fireplace during the winter, grabbing a couple seats at the friendly bar or heading to the back room for drinks with a group of friends. The menu is all small eats and perfectly compliments the look/feel of this place... its a menu that your mom or grandma would make when you came over... think deviled eggs, grilled cheese and tomato soup. The perfect place to grab a drink after work (I believe they have happy hour) or a nightcap after a downtown date. If you're looking for something a little under the radar, unique and the absolute opposite of anything in Scottsdale - head straight to The Roosevelt.
4	Ok so here's the deal....I really think how much you like this place depends on exactly what you are expecting. I was expecting a sit down restaurant and I really don't think that is what it is. So I was all about bitching at first, but then one of the friends we were with pointed out that its more of a wine bar with awesome snacks, so I changed my bad attitude and turned my frown upside down and loved it! Best part is, it was totally reasonable. I love reasonable! Ok, so here's the breakdown. We walked in and it was empty (Saturday night, 8:30pm, got there early to eat before Tosh's show at the dodge). I couldn't tell if it was open from the outside and felt like a total idiot when we walked in, I for sure get what other people have said about it maybe being more of a locals place with a not real welcoming vibe. Also, we had 2 servers, the first one, not so great, second one (blonde girl with glasses) awesome! We all ordered beer, no orange slices for the Hefe, huh?? We got the cheese plate which was 2 hard cow cheeses and one soft, with almonds and figs and the most amazing warm salty sweet bread ever. SOOO good! We also got the greens with goat cheese, bacon wrapped figs, the grilled cheese with tomato soup, and a sandwich, not sure what it was called but I know there was prosciutto. The greens were simple, not a lot to say there, good goat cheese. The bacon wrapped figs were great, tasted like a sweet potato wrapped in crunchy bacon, really good. The sandwich I only had a bite of, it was good, thick bread, and lots and lots of meat and cheese. I would think it would be super filling. The best thing thing EVER was the grilled cheese and soup. The soup was seriously the best tomato soup I have ever had, they use different tomatos and it is seasoned so well and dipping the grilled cheese in it is pretty much perfect. Made me forget about not feeling so welcomed walking in, made me forget being all stresses over whether ot not the place was open, made me forget about the waitress forgetting out beers. Repeatedly. Hence, the 4 stars, I will go back again and again just for that. There was nothing on the table I wasn't dipping into that soup! And the total for all that yumminess and 2-3 beers each was $90, awesome right?? (there were 4 of us) So, dont go for the service, dont go to feel totally welcomed, and dont go early and expect to sit (theres like 3 tables or something ridiculous. BUT go! Go for that soup and grilled cheese. Totally worth it. Maybe I just need to start going alot so theyll like me and then I'll feel welcome too!!
4	nice athmosphere, i really like this place.. granted i have only been there for the First Fridays crowd, so i am not sure what to expect on a regular week. i am hoping the same thing just a liiiitle less crowded.. recommended chill spot
2	Had about as much atmosphere as a walk-in fridge, so we turned around and went to Centurion.Sure the house looks nice from the outside, but inside comfort and vibe did nothing to make us want to stay.
2	Pretentious place for those who like to maintain they aren't pretentious.  I thought it would be a cool low key place but the wait staff was snobby.  The place itself seems nice but it's the attitude from the employees (bartender excluded) that made it sour to me.  I'll pass on this place in favor of some of the other watering holes nearby that are more welcoming to the jeans and t-shirt crowd.
4	The Roosevelt is s-e-x-y, sexy. I can not believe it's taken me this long to write a review of a spot I tend to frequent but after spending, geeez, I dunno, maybe 4 hours here on Saturday night I was just smitten enough to sing full praises. Historic home turned bar, The Roosevelt is dark, romantic and the perfect place to spend hours drinking wine, (by the glass or bottle) or beer (from their fairly extensive beer menu) while getting to know that special someone... or, stop in for a nightcap after dinner or a night out downtown.The Roosevelt offers small plates that are all quite tasty, my favorite being the Bacon wrapped Dates. I love turning people on the wonderful world of dates, and bacon and cheese is the best way to do that. The setup, as mentioned in previous reviews, is awkward. But hey, this was a home that has been converted to a bar and you are sitting in one of the three bedrooms. I'm not really sure how else it could be done without knocking out walls and ruining some of the sexiness....don't do that...I'm a smitten kitten Roosevelt, dare I say, full of smit!
5	You might miss this place the first time you drive by, or even the 2nd or 3rd time too. This quaint little home turned tavern is an excellent neighborhood watering hole, too bad I just don't live in the neighborhood. It's got a cozy atmosphere along with an excellent beer list and a small but good menu. Items like an all natural hot dog, gooey grilled cheese, savory tomato soup, bacon wrapped dates and a few other dishes should keep everyone's taste buds happy.
4	This is a great place for grilled cheese and tomato soup.  They also have a great selection of beers on tap.  Parking is hit or miss, but you can't miss a cute house that has been converted to a great gastropub.  Always a friendly face and you will always run into good folks.
5	Been here a few times and have not had a bad experience.  Very good selection of beer.  The menu is limited and the servings are small but everything is delicious.  The one can't miss item: bacon wrapped dates.I actually dropped in before a Suns game and in the spirit of the upcoming event had a hotdog.  Not your backyard-barbecue-type flair, but great nonetheless.   Get there early, as others have noted, because seating is limited and naturally goes quickly.
4	Really cute. It was so hard to see from the road, drove by it twice. We went on Wednesday, nice live music, food was awesome, we got our bill and thought they made a mistake it was so cheap! The space planning there is aweful however, it wasnt busy the night we went and I wouldn't particularly want to go if it was, especially if I wanted to sit and eat. Overall, I was really happy with the place, I love finding these gems in Phoenix. Oh and the service was also really good.
2	C'mon... Add some lights.  Even the waitresses had to use their cell phones to check the ID's.  Good beer selection, but it was overshadowed by no light.  (is that even possible?)
5	The best local Phoenix beer and wine bar! The cheese platter and grilled cheese with tomato soup are awesome! Large selection of  beer and the rotating taps are always wonderful!
4	Don't go on 1st Friday unless you want it to be super crowded!  Hipster vibe with good food and drinks on tap.  Slightly uptight staff.  No hard booze though.  Seating encourages canoodling couples or mixing with strangers.  Try the grilled cheese and tomato soup.  I know, it's expensive, but so yummy!  They have a pasta special, but I can' remember if it is on Wed or Thurs.  Come early, as they sell out.
5	The staff is always very cute and attentive. Great wine and beer selection. The grilled cheese & tomato soup is fantastic.  I've been on certain nights where they were showing old westerns with a dj spinning great tunes. Big thumbs up!
5	Great little bar. Not a lot of seating and usually gets crowded around 4-5 when people downtown are getting off work.  It's one of my favorite bars in America.
3	Attention vegetarians: the amazing tomato soup? Chicken stock. I am the saddest girl in the universe right now.I've been dreaming about and eating this soup and its glorious sidekick: The Grilled Cheese Sandwich for about 3 years now.  It would never occur to me to ask if a tomato soup is made with chicken stock.  I'll even ask other restaurants about the base of vegetable soups, but tomato?  Come on!The quality of this combo is so delightful it completely made up for the lack of seating and always disappointing service (really girls, you're not THAT much cooler or important than me.  Get over yourselves). Still, the atmosphere is lovely, the music is always spot on, and I can't complain about the wine and beer.  If you are a non-veggie and don't mind the uppity chicks, go ahead and enjoy.
1	Had 1 drink here once last fall with my business partner after a meeting downtown.  It looked cool from the outside and she had been there before and liked it.  I did not.  The concept is cool -- I love old houses and re-purposed edifices and was stoked to try it.  We walked in and it was kinda dead.  There was 1 group of 4 people in the front room chatting and I felt like we walked into their living room and interrupted a private conversation when we entered.  The bartender saw us walk in and walked out thru the back.  We saddled up to the bar. When she returned she didnt greet us or even acknowledge us and then proceded to throw atttitude when I asked what beers they had.  She couldn't recommend anything.  She poured a crappy beer for me (just dumped it into the glass -- my 3yo niece could give a better pour), and a weak drink for my partner and walked away again. The service blew. The whole experience blew.  Not again, my friend.
4	I love trying their specials, it's always pretty delicious! I also love that they have Strongbow, and Rogue Hazelnut brown, so yum! Service is always kind, and 95% of the time prompt. They do get busy though so very understandable. Having a group of 3+ is kind of hard here but great for 1 on 1 or if you can snag the back table bigger groups.
4	The Roosevelt is located in the downtown Phoenix Art district. It's is a little pricey, but offers a wide array of beer and wines. Don't come here looking for dinner as they only offer a "Snack" menu (which is amazing! Love the Cheese Platter!)  No liquor sold here.
5	I can't believe that we put off going to this fantastic bar for so long!! It's right up the road from our house, but we just always stuck to our regular bars... well last night we were wanting to drink good beer, and I remembered that the Roosevelt was a beer and wine bar, so we hunted it down! It's such a cool little bar, with different rooms full of seating and another room with the main bar... very intimate, very comfortable! They offer a pretty decent beer and wine selection and the prices are very reasonable! The staff is very attentive and friendly! The food menu is pretty small (just snacks really), but it all sounds really good, so we'll probably try a few dishes next time we go! I'm so glad we found this bar, and we WILL become regulars here for sure!Bonus: they play good music, aka Portugal. the Man!
4	fun, relaxing little tavern.  The menu is limited but interesting.  Had the cheese plate that was really nice - 3 different cheeses, locally made bread and crackers, dried cherries, dates, apple, some kind of nuts, and honey -  and the big fat pretzel.  Definitely want to try other items next time, particularly the chips & dip, grilled cheese, and tomato soup.  It seemed like they had some interesting beers too!Our server was extremely attentive, happy to help with the menu, and seemed to know the featured wines.  It was very quaint with tables lit by candles - a wonderful place for drinks and conversation.
2	Very low key and dark vibe, not group friendly and very small. The beer selection was very basic but a nice selection. I wouldn't recommended this place to anyone just because it's a little creepy to take a date or friends. I had high hopes for this place but now that I've tried it, I'm not a fan.
5	I kept hearing about this place, but never actually tried it until just recently. My husband and I looked up the address and when we got there, we weren't sure if we were actually at a bar.... The bar itself is a really cute historic house that is pretty dark on the outside. As soon as we came in, we were greeted by the bartender and told to sit wherever we liked. The thing about this bar, is that they have kept the walls of the original house pretty much intact, so you have the choice of sitting in various rooms with little tables or couches tucked into every nook and cranny. The other thing about the Roosevelt is that it is very dark with many of the rooms being lit only by a few tabletop candles. We ended up sharing a long dining table with another small group and made ourselves comfortable. But then when we looked at the beer list and menu, we almost fell out of our chairs! The Roosevelt offers a very large selection of craft beers, in bottles and on tap, and for very fair prices! They also have a small food menu that looks delicious, but we haven't tried yet...we keep forgetting to save room for the food!The service is friendly and efficient, and the music selection is impeccable as well.Like another Yelper mentioned, I could imagine that if it were really dead in here or quiet, you might feel like you had just walked into someone's living room and interrupted everyone, which might be awkward, but I have only ever been here at night when there are usually at least a few groups here.
5	I love everything about The Roosevelt.It's located in a historic house in downtown Phoenix, which makes for a nice relaxing setting.The Roosevelt is a bar, but also has some unique and tasty appetizer type items. Do yourself a favor and try the deviled eggs. The Roosevelt has a good wine list and also has a plentiful selection of beers. Cool setting, unique menu, and great selection of beer and wine gives The Roosevelt five stars.
4	Nice place, very inner city feel which is not the norm for Phoenix. The bar food here is good defiantly a step up from most the bar food around town.
4	Best grilled cheese ever.. EVER. It's super dark in here - like very almost uncomfortably dark if it was a first date, or someone you didn't really know. The entire room we were in was lit by only 5 votive candles. The music was good, the food was awesome.  It was a good stop off the light rail  - only about a 6 minute walk.
2	Ooh, Roosevelt.The Good:  They have an awesome selection of beers.  Also, the conversion of an old house into a bar is pretty fun.The Bad:  Lighting- on what planet do you require a cell phone to read a menu??  Seriously, I know that I can act like an old lady sometimes, but I shouldn't have to squint to see what's available.  Service- the bartender was actually awesome.  The "servers"...I am not sure why they are even there.  There were two gals, and one of them took my initial order for a beer and every few minutes they would walk back into the room, but not once did they ask me or any of the other 3 people I was sitting with if we needed another.  Even though the bar was almost empty.  I had to walk to the bar to order a pretzel (which was delicious), and also walk to the bar to close out my tab.  If the service was better, heck ,even acceptable, I'd probably be giving this review 4 stars.
2	So um... Matt... WHAT HAS HAPPENED TO THIS PLACE?For one, I have been going here and enjoying the grilled cheese/tomato soup plate for quite a while. The last few times (over the course of about 6 months or so) the soup has tasted bland and almost inedible. It's not the creamy flavorful soup I remember from my first few visits. The grilled cheese is still pretty good, but I don't go there for the soup or grilled cheese alone. It's the combination of the two I really liked. I almost refuse to buy soup and a grilled cheese anywhere else because I feel like I could make the same thing at home for a fraction of what I pay for it at a restaurant. But I didn't used to feel that way about the plate at The Roosevelt. It was something special. But not anymore. Maybe if I didn't know how wonderful it used to be I wouldn't mind it. But as a soup (tomato mainly) aficionado I have left the last few times feeling unsatisfied.Also, I dunno what's going on but the service here has really gone downhill. My last waitress (who I have heard complaints about before from friends) was super rude to me. On my last visit I met up with some friends who had already been there for about 30 or so mins. I walked in and searched for them (this place is almost too dark to see anyone) and sat down. I waited a good 15 mins before the waitress came over and at first I didn't even know she was there because she didn't make her presence known. She just stood to the side of me with her arms folded staring at me like she wanted to me to hurry up and order. No hello or what can I get you. Nothing. When my food (The tomato soup/grilled cheese plate) came about 10 mins later I was not very happy with it, like I said before It's not as great as it used to be, and so I wanted to send it back. I really hate doing that but I really didn't even want to eat it. Well what seemed like forever went by and no waitress. Our waters were empty, my friends wanted more beer and I wanted something else to eat. By the time she came back (I would guess about 20 or so mins) I just didn't even feel like bothering. AND the only reason she came back was to drop off the check. She didn't even ask if we needed anything and completely ignored the empty glasses on our table. I mean, I don't want my waitress coming over to check on me every 30 seconds or anything but I feel like every time I go in here I just get ignored. The one and only reason they got two stars from me is because it's close to my house and they have happy hour specials (both food and drink) all day on sunday. I'll wait for my crappy service as long as my wine is half off.
4	Great comfortable place to hang out w friends, food is average as are drinks. The atmosphere is awesome, I'd go back!
4	One of my favorite places in PHX. Beer, Wine and Food menu's are always interesting. I like the coziness of the place. I've never had a bad experience here. If you're around... just grab a drink here and judge it for yourself. Just be weary of being here on the first Friday of the month.
2	I have been to the Roosevelt many times, but it usually someone else wanting to meet there.  The service is horrible, I have never one time had good experience with the service here.  The waitresses should be shot and buried in the basement, if there was one that is.  The beer selection is good, a lot of things to pick from.  The food selection kind of sucks, not a whole lot to pick from for someone that can't eat dairy.  This place is so dark, that its perfect if you have a date with an unattractive person.  Whats the point of going to meet some friends, if you can't see them in the bar?  It has a great location and its pretty nice that the bar is a house.  There is still way better bars then the Roosevelt, so this would be last on my list as far as places to hit up in central Phx.
5	Love it here, nice place to hang and drink wine.
5	LOVE this place. No caveats.  Yummy appetizers at great prices.  Happy Hour (and Sundays) are the best prices downtown.  Every seat in the place is cozy.  If you aren't in the mood for beer or wine, try their ginger ale.
4	I dig this place it has all the elements required for a proper seduction.
3	My previous review was very harsh, but true.  I met some friends at the roosevelt last week and the service was perfect.  I have had nothing but poor service previously, but this new hipster guy that waited on us was a really great waiter.  So, I'm upping the stars, hopefully the service keeps improving.
4	This review is based on my first and only visit at The Roosevelt. I must have been hiding under a rock because I have lived within walking distance to this spot for a year and a half and have never been.  I'm glad that I finally have because I will be visiting more often. I loved the ambiance of the place. There were little rooms that you could sit in and it was very chill and relaxing. On Sunday, happy hour is all day long. We had the Honeymooner sandwich (which is fried Bologna and cheese) it was very tasty. The wine on special was not very good, but maybe next time I will get a different drink. I think The Roosevelt is a great place to chill with a close friend to to have a date.
4	Simple review for a simple trendy neighborhood bar.  Beer and wine with lots of tasty bar snacks.  The great thing is that you walk away with wonderful feeling of light snacks and tasty drinks.  Make sure to bring your cell phone if you want to read the menu after dark.  The Roosevelt is a very intimate place
4	First Friday was all about firsts for me. That said, last night was my first time here and it was definitely enjoyable. I was in good company and the ambiance only made it better. It's a bit dark but in a nice 'I can still see you' kind of way. With a friendly staff and yummy food choices, I will most probably be back!
4	I am starting to freak out a bit.I find myself now, almost daily, repeating shit that my parents said at one point."All the new music is crap.""Damn, that's REALLY expensive, when i was...""What is that kid wearing?"This is to be expected given my advancing years but that's not what completely freaked me out.What did it for me was at The Roosevelt.I had to pull the "use my mobile as a flashlight to read the menu" move.Basically one step above that magnifying glass with mini-led light I got my grandma for Christmas one year.Embarassing and shitty until I realized that everyone in the place was doing the same.  I applaud the resourcefulness of using less to light your establishment but when I am feeling my way around the place and needing to act like a 92 year old to figure out what today's special beer is, you might want to consider grabbing a 12W CFL.Other than the black hole of darkness that is pervasive at this place, the atmosphere, snacks, and drinks are all top notch.If this place was in my hood in SF, I would be a local for sure.Blind.
5	best. grilled. cheese. and. tomato. soup. ever.
4	I've only eaten there once.  We shared a bunch of food but the highlight is easily the grilled cheese sandwich with tomato soup.  Dunk that sandwich and slip into bliss.My only complaint is that it is often too busy to get a decent seat.  We've been shut out on a lot of First Fridays which is to be expected.  However, it wasn't always First Friday.
4	What can I say - I love this place!  I was introduced to it by a group of 20 something friends so I was a bit worried going there (I'm no longer of that age group.)  Turns out I had nothing to fear!  Roosevelt is perfect for a glass of wine with the hubby or post dinner cocktails with a group of friends.  Still have a the munchies after dinner - there is a great food menu selection as well.
4	Any place that can convince me to try tomatoes in any form wins a prize. And so far, The Roosevelt is only one of like 2 maybe? Three at most. I recently went back when out downtown with a friend recently and after realizing we hadn't eaten yet, decided to try out their menu. So, not only is the beer pretty grand, and the atmosphere lovely (well, only when it's not crowded - I like to go on weeknights), but the grilled cheese and tomato soup is amazing. Yes. You heard it here folks. I'm praising tomatoes for the first time in my life. When it's not crowded, The Roosevelt is one of my favorite spots. It's like being at a house party before it starts, but not knowing the people. And the house is on a college campus so it's not perfect and not decorated perfect. It has the elements "the ladies like." And let me tell you, if you ever found a need to have 30 people in the bathroom at one time, The Roosevelt fits that requirement too.
3	So it turns out that this bar is extremely close to where I live. For a long time I thought that 'The Roosevelt' was a different bar.....I was surprised last night when I went there that it is a little tiny house with not a ton of signage. Let me preface this review by saying that I did not try the food and still would like to, and so the stars given are kind of preliminary. I went here last night with the BF and a friend. I thought the place was alright, but not my favorite bar in the universe. They have a good beer list, but I wish they offered more wines by the glass. The one white wine option that was available last night was kind of lacking. The service was alright, not spectacular, but good. I felt like the little half booth kind of tables were not terribly comfortable. The bar is dark and the menu is hard to see. Like I said, I want to go back and try the food, but, as far as bars go, this place is just ok.
4	This is one of my favorite places to hang out in Phoenix.  The tomato soup and grilled cheese are FANTASTIC.  I especially love the fruit and cheese plates; they always have different and exotic cheeses that are paired with fresh fruit.  It's the perfect appetizer to order for a group of friends who are just looking to socialize and nosh.The only downside to The Roosevelt is it's incredibly tiny size.  It is located in an old house (which makes for great ambiance) but when it's packed it is almost impossible to find a seat.  Of course, I always try because I never want to pass up the opportunity to spend some time here.
4	I must be dreaming, 'cause this place is just too cool. Tucked in side an easy to miss house with a barely noticeable sign even during the day, find yourself sipping down a bottle of your favorite libation or have them pour you a locally brewed craft right out of their ice cold taps. Like many of the stops along Roosevelt in Downtown, The Roosevelt elevates the cool of the area by a factor of ten.After having one too many and falling into a happy stupor, I slipped back tipping myself off the edge of the seat. I must have gotten quite the knock on the head. Waking up dazed, confused, and aimlessly wandering about Roosevelt Row in downtown. That must have just been a weird dream I am awaking from. "How on earth did I arrive here?" and "why am I so hungry?" I wondered. Good thing the Roosevelt is just down the way, I decided to stop in for some of their tasty appetizers to squash this ravenous hunger.  Maybe I'll have their grilled cheese or tasty deviled eggs. mmmm.Time seemed to slip by faster than reality did. Getting up to leave, night turned into day in almost the blink of an eye, and it was a scorcher of a day. The temperature displayed on the electronic board down the street read 109, but my internal thermometer told me that surely it had to be at least 153."Here's my chance", I thought. "This unsuspecting Phoenician strolling my way is my ticket out of this hell." "Excuse me, do you have the time?" I asked interrupting him mid whistle. "I guess" was their response, and as they looked for their pocket watch, I pushed them over quickly grabbing their sun shading umbrella. That guy must have had a little vampire in him, because no sooner than the umbrella began shading me from the streaming rays of sun, did he burst into dust and was whisked away by the scorching winds. All that was left was a pile of dusty clothing and a pair of half scuffed shoes.Suddenly, the ground gave way underneath my feet, opening an endless chasm of despair. I fell into the dark abyss, only to find myself suddenly waking from this crazy dream and on the floor next to my bed. Maybe next weekend I'll go easy on the brew, or maybe I'll wake in a few minutes to the calming sound of ocean waves lapping against a sandy island beach somewhere. Only time will tell. ...Beerception
5	Closed forever. :(
1	Gone Forever...And not terribly disappointed.
4	When I was a kid I grew up in the desert north of phx one night in the late 80's there was a glow to the south I thought phx was on fire! turned out it was just the tatum ranch develpment. I was littlery watching the night that phx was growing. years later I knew that the arts and culture side of phx would also grow... I think the Roosevelt and other downtown arts is all pat of that and I'm glad I got to see a little of that moment also.Wow it took me so long to write a review to this place that It's closed? this place in 2008 before hipsters run it over was legendary. Many great nights here many long conversations with great people. it was like meting strangers as all finding a secret. just being there at that time was a magical experience.But I could see how this place packed would not be as good.funny that the lost leaf survived mainly because more space and an atmosphere that grows the more people are there.Just proves that a crowd is never romantic.
4	Why did you close? Apparently I forgot that months ago I tried to visit you, only to realize you had closed. I visited again, for the second time, just last month - only to be reminded you were gone. I don't like Lost Leaf. I am sad.
