4	The Thai Grill will hit you visually as you walk in. If it's not the fab thai garden decor then it will certainly be the low skirts of the pleasant eye candy serving the food. There is a long bar secluded from the eating area if your alone or prefer that. I've eaten there for 4 people max so I cannot relate to the negative view for larger parties as in other reviews. I'll repeat that the decor is is certainly something to see alone. From the old menu's through to the water fountain hand basin in the toilets it's great. The food is also very good. I've eaten there a few times and had various meals and also eaten with a vegan and she was also impressed. It's certainly a must do!
4	I love the lush and exotic ambiance -- the decor is beautiful, filled with hanging paper lanterns, gorgeous wood carvings and Buddha statues. Even their bathrooms are beautiful! The service is good and the food is simply delicious, though it is a bit pricey for the amount you get. I really liked the duck spring roll and their red curries. This is a great place for date night or to enjoy with a group of friends.
4	Thai Grill is located on Laurier and St. Laurent, it has a great bar and drinks and a lounge atmosphere where you can sit back and relax. For starters the appetizers have good flavor and you get a lot, but the real winner was the green thai curry with steak and vegetables. The curry and coconut broth is a winner and the steak was tender and full of grilled flavour- order this when you go and you will see why.
4	had dinner with a friend here and i really liked the ambiance.lychee martini- ok.we had the 2-person special and it was tons of food for just two people. overall, the quality of the food was good. i'd go back here again.but i wouldn't order their lychee martini.
1	It has been a long time since I went to this restaurant but I just joined yelp today so this is sort of a retroactive review. I decided to write this because my experience here was so bad. This incredibly expensive restaurant REFUSED TO GIVE US GLASSES OF WATER. THEY INSISTED THAT WE BUY WATER. For real. They serve spicy Thai food and refuse to give you a glass of water, you have to buy bottled water. I was so mad that I went and filled our water glasses from the tap in the bathroom. I have never been back to this restaurant since. My impression of this place is that is is run by inhospitable and greedy people.
4	A stunning restaurant, that's really the first and main thing people will notice. If you have someone you want to impress, date, special occasion - bring em here!!There's also a nice lounge/bar area in the back which is perfect to come just for drinks or an intimidate date.Magestic, grandiose, detailed decor, from the ceiling tiles, lighting to bathroom.. There's a beautiful waterfall in place of a faucet on top of the sink.I've been here 3 times in the span of 3 or so years and they've always made little changes to the menu. I am actually part Thai and can tell some of the dishes have some Thai influences, others are more westernized- especially when it comes to their peanut butter sauce dumplings.Upon chatting with the wait staff and finding out they are not thai, duh! the entire kitchen staff and chefs actually are. One of the waiters was so surprised to meet a Thai customer, he gave me a tour of the kitchen and introduced me to the chefs who all come from remote, south of Thailand.  I mostly sampled some noodle and rice dishes which were good, but nothing spectacular. I'm sure the chefs could create more authentic dishes, but they probably cater to a more western palette.Unfortunately prices are really expensive, you're obviously paying for the ambiance, but I find it worth it, depending on the occasion.No issues with service, good food, even more fabulous like triple WOW decor. It's like being on vacation!
1	Our experience was awful.  I wish we had dined anywhere else that night.  A few highlights:-after we were seated we had to flag someone down after waiting for over 10 minutes without anyone coming to bring water, greet us, or take our drink order.  -Service was abysmal.-I had pad sie iew, which was completely bland, flavorless, and overpriced-many prices missing from drinks list.  Boyfriend's beers were $12 EACH which was a shock when we got the bill!-on a busy Saturday night after 9 PM over a DOZEN children were running through the restaurant as if it were Chuck E Cheese-we put our orders in right away, and from that time until we got our entrees the wait was 90 minutes.  The fact that we were starving did not make the food taste any better.Don't eat here, unless you want to be surprised when your bill is over $100 for two people, ignored by your server, and you enjoy terrible food.
3	Located on St Laurent and Laurier is this trendy looking Thai restaurant. The place looks really fancy with waterfalls, carved doors & a gigantic Buddha statue. In the back they have a nice lounge area. The food is not authentic. If you are here for authentic Thai food, you'll be disappointed. Come with an open mind and you'll enjoy it. The ingredients are really fresh and the food is tasty.Their Tom Kha is good. Thai soup made with coconut milk. Its very rich. Also chicken with sweet and sour sauce is good. Their entrees don't come with rice. You have to order it separately.  Its a bit on the expensive side, but its a trendy lookin place so you expect it to be pricey. So my quest to find an Authentic Thai restaurant in Montreal continues........ Hit Me Baby One More Thai !!!Food -  Good but not GreatService - FastAmbiance -  GreatWorth the money - Yes
3	Thai Grill happened to be at the corner of the block we rented an apartment on over a weekend in Montreal, so we figured we'd give it a shot, being that we were already there and quite hungry. The interior is very swanky for a thai place; after looking at the dinner menu while ordering from the lunch menu, I would guess that this is less of an authentic thai place but a spruced up, fancy "ethnic" restaurant that is reminiscent of the days when ethnic cuisine was less commonplace and much more exotic. That being said, the limited choice lunch menu offered less of the typical options (e.g., red curry chicken and pad thai) and more of various stir fry dishes that may be listed at the whimsy of the chef; who knows. I'm just speculating. Overall, we had a good meal and I did enjoy it, but the cool swanky bathrooms were the highlight of the experience.
