5	Large portions, excellent food! We attended their opening and were pleasantly surprised at the portions of food. Each dish we ordered was fabulous but my personal favorite was the pork tenderloin. I'm ashamed to say, I ate the whole thing! Ambiance couldn't be better. The lighting is perfect and the noise level not to loud considering the open space.Their hours are fm 11am to late night....1:00am. Except Sunday they are only open for dinner. This is a must try at least once, but I'm sure you'll be hooked. I'm going back next week to try their salads for lunch.If you live up north/DC Ranch Area, also consider trying their sister restaurant Local Bistro. Everything there is fabulous as well but my two favorites are their burger and chicken dishes.
5	What a beautiful restaurant and the food was really amazing. Totally exceeded my expectations. Staff was really friendly and helpful and I'm sure will just keep getting better the longer they are open. Started with the steak tartare which was really light and came with a really amazing potato chip/waffle fry. The croque madame sandwich was ridiculous. So good. Also had the truffled mushroom pizza which was cooked in a Neapolitan style wood fired oven and also was amazing. This place has great food and a great ambiance. I will be their often..
1	We went in... The hostess and owner were welcoming. The bartender was not. Communication seemed to be lacking. We ended up going around the corner to Delux which has a new Zen32 inspired sushi bar - they even have the same sushi chef (and happy hour) as they did before. Great service - Great Food!!! Interestingly enough we met up with some kids that said they had the same experience we did at Central Bistro. Who knows - maybe they'll get it together.
4	The food is spectacular! The portions are perfect and the atmosphere is terrific! We live in the neighborhood and we will definitely be regulars at Central Bistro!
3	We had been anxiously awaiting the opening of what we thought would be an Italian restaurant headed up by Chef Matt Carter.  We checked out the menu on line only to find it is basically French.  Service was great, including the little guy who went around offering different lemons and limes for your water.  Our waitress was exremely knowledgeable about the dishes, so great service.  Two managers even stopped over after dinner to make sure we liked everything.  Very impressive; they aim to please.  We first ordered the ahi and avocado stack and the grilled artichoke and should have stopped there.  My husband had a shrimp dish with risotto and sauteed peppers.  These 3 shrimp were HUGE  -  the Elvis of shrimp - and while we were informed they had to be peeled, the peeling was really difficult and turned into a wrestling match.  I ordered the gorgonzola and fig pizza, covered in arugula.  Gorgonzola is a kick-butt cheese and I barely tasted it, and half way through I tasted a fig, at which point I reminded myself the best pizza is at The Big Orange or The Parlour.  The location is so perfect for us I'm sure we will return to repeat those appetizers and maybe try other dishes.
5	I loved Zen 32 and have been anxiously waiting for Central Bistro to open. I went today with 2 of my dear friends and it was fabulous. The food was wonderful and plentiful, our server was attentive as was the very cute busboy and I loved the atmosphere!  They did an amazing remodel -total renovation. If you were there before you wouldn't recognize the place. The chef even came out to see how we liked it. We all felt like we received the red carpet treatment. I would highly recommend Central Bistro for any occasion - lunch with friends, a romantic evening out., happy hour (which I'm anxious to try and will soon!) or dinner with family and friends. Great place, great food and great people. What more could you ask for!
1	the place looks great, and i would go there again to have drinks. But i would never eat there food again!!!!!!! no flavor, my wife had the filet it was over cooked and the sauce taste like it came from a powder form. our server had no clue what she was doing and the chef came over to talk to us and it was clear he was drunk or on something. But they had good drinks!!
3	Short story. A-OK but not Very Good at Price Point. I do note we only had lunch and maybe they shine more at dinner time. I also note three stars is still a positive review.Long story.This is a pristine clean modern beautiful place. The tables are spaced nicely and we were very comfortable. The waitstaff looked mature. The start you off with fresh crusty bread with rosemary herb ed butter and sliced fruit for your water.I ordered the Tuna Sashimi Salad. The tuna was fresh and had a very hot and spicy chili oil under it that I liked. Unfortunately the sear on the fish was disappointing since it was grey on all sides. If I screwed up searing this same fish at home I'd get my pan hotter and not screw up the other sides. This might sound silly but I wasn't sure how to eat this salad the way it was spread out. The salad was OK but sort of boring and was just an OK salad at $15.00.The Thai Steak Salad I might have sent back if it was mine and I do note it's possible they just didn't make it correctly. Number one neither of us recognized anything Thai about this salad but that didn't matter anyway. If it was my salad I would have sent it back because of the very bitter dressing and I do note they must have made an error making it because nobody would knowingly make something that tasted like that. I did taste the steak and it was OK. When the waiter checked on us my husband didn't say anything but told me about the salad after. I told him I wouldn't be able to eat it and mine was OK. This steak salad was $18.00Two salads a soda and a iced tea $41.40 before tip.We did look around and many other plates looked really good.
5	I swear that people are writing bad reviews on here so that you don't know how awesome Central Bistro is.  We went late on Saturday afternoon to a vibrant but not grossly crowded restaurant - and sat at the bar.  The dining rooms, patios and bar area are all decorated nicely and comfortably.  Even the floors are cool.  You can just tell that the neighborhood crowd has been dying for this place to open.The bartender waitstaff: A-girl and M-guy, are totally friendly and awesome.  They have a nice selection of beers on tap and wines by the glass and bottle, and just bust their humps to serve everyone perfectly.  Here's a review on the food we tried:APPETIZERS:Escargot - amazing and unique.  Totally delicious (I'm a regular snail eater).Blue Cheese Tart - delicious, but not huge.  That's alright.  I'm just letting you know in case you decide to only order that.Frites (fries) - fantastic, seasoned, and they come with shaved meat on them.  Holy Braseola! :)FOOD:Duck three ways - the shaved duck looks weird, but is delightfully tender and tasty.  This is not a filling dish, so know that going into it.  It's not tiny, but don't expect a warm "meal".  The other two ways are a "duck sausage", if you will, and a beautifully rich pate.  Yummers.Seafood Risotto - I will be back for this asap.  Very saffrony, not too wet and not too dry, and the seafood was all cooked perfectly (I am picky about that).  Comes with 2 shrimp, 2 scallops, oysters, clams (but not too many, which I appreciate), etc.   Wonderful!DESSERTS:A show-off guy next to us decided to buy four desserts for all of us to share.  Well, alright.  S'MORES:  Very rich looking; served like a sundae.  I didn't have any, but each person who tried it was a mess.  They had marshmallow and stickiness everywhere.(RASPBERRY) SORBET: Hands down everyone's favorite.  A generous serving, and every bite was not-too-sweet flavorful.  FLOATING ISLAND: I do not recommend the floating island.  It's just not something that you would expect from a restaurant.  It's very "pretend food" ish.  Yuck.  Sorry, but all four of us thought that.  I'm still not sure what it is.BEIGNETS: Plain on their own, but cooked well.  Served with three "sauces" (chocolate, caramel, and something white).  I'm more of a "honey" girl, but that's just me.  If you're a beignet fan, I don't think these will disappoint.We will back soon.  The staff was amazing.  The place is going to be popular.  I love the vibe and the food.  Again, it's very neighborhood comfortable.  I love!
4	The restaurant itself is beautiful. It looks great! The service was good, and our server was very nice. We had a bowl of French onion soup, which was delicious and the artichoke appetizer, also very good. They have an awesome wine collection by the glass and the bottle and some interesting cocktails I want to try next time.The only complaint is I had prawn and scallop entree and it was served over pasta. The pasta was ridiculously over cooked, I could tell as soon as she set the plate down. It was almost turning to mush. It was also very heavily seasoned but I couldn't put finger on exactly which seasoning it was. It was a little strange.All in all, a great new restaurant for the neighborhood. We probably will skip entrees next time, maybe just get the appetizers and some wine.
3	Been looking forward to the opening of this place since Zen 32 closed and had lunch there today. The atmosphere was modern and airy, and service was very good.  It would be a cool place to have a drink at the bar later in the day.  Nice patio and lots of big windows that were open to let in light and fresh air on this unusually overcast day in Phoenix.  I thought the food was decent, but not remarkable, and it's a bit pricy for lunch.  It is however, a great spot for business lunches/drinks. I wish them well but unfortunately I won't be dining there again as long as they continue to serve fois gras. If you're not  familiar with fois gras, I won't elaborate; just know that it's a delicacy so cruelly-derived that it's banned in many countries as well as the state of Califormia and the city of Chicago. It's my personal decision to not support restaurants where it's served.  Make a small change to the menu and I'll be back....
2	Bartender Mick was great! Sat at table in front of bar, north side next to glass doors for dinner. TERRIBLE service. Had to ask for water twice, never got it. Asked what selections were vegan & vegetarian, the waiter had no idea. Asked about the mussels, waiter had to read off menu. Asked for sauce to go with bland/dry flatbread, took 15 minutes. No follow up after entrees served, had to flag the waiter down for aforementioned water & sauce. Food good, but not good enough to compensate for the service. Disappointing.
5	Swanky new "hot spot" resturant. Pricey, but worth it! I ate at the bar. Had the chicken parmasan. I don't think there is a person alive that could finish it! Portions were huge! They have a seriously extensive selection of beers and whine, I was a little tame and only had s couple four peaks pears. Probably a great place to take a date, but cute entertaining bartenders if youre flying solo. Amazing service, awesome food, great atmosphere. 5 stars all arround! Will be back!
5	My husband and I just got back from Italy and had some fantastic food. I feel that we are both extremely good creative cooks and are kind of food snobs with a discerning palate! WE ABSOLUTELY LOVED THIS PLACE! The ambiance! The hospitality! The waitstaff! The General manager! The food! The Prices are within reason as well. My husband has never liked escargot but I love it so we ordered it. WOW! My husband loved it. Great pastas! Fabulous wine list. We loved it so much that we made reservations for New Years Eve! Please do not look at the negative comments from people who do not know good fresh ingredients! Innovative cuisine at its best!
3	Like others in the area, we waited and watched as this space developed into Central Bistro.  The atmosphere is delightful, albeit loud.  With the windows open (gotta love Phoenix this time of year!), it was glorious.  I do wonder what the sound level will be like once the windows are closed.Food is delicious.  Service good.  One Big Problem - on 2 visits we observed bartenders prepping garnish with bare hands.  I mean, peeling an orange with juice running down his hands and arms, then slicing it up to use in drinks.  Last visit we observed a bartender putting his hand down into the olive jar, grab a handful and put them in the garnish tray.  I immediately took the olives out of my martini!Please - to the wonderful people at Central Bistro:  Get it together before Maricopa County comes to visit.
4	I have been meaning to write a review for Central Bistro for a couple weeks now so here it goes:)  I met my girlfriend for lunch here a few weeks ago... we were both excited to try it out.  What a difference from Zen32 - i love the look and feel of this restaurant and the amazing wine room on display.  We were kind of in a hurry so instead of ordering something that would take time I decided on the caeser salad and french onion soup they both were really good.  My girlfriend had the Parma Panini which she raved about.  The service was very attentive from the moment that we sat down at the table and got us out of there quickly which we appreciated.  I would love to come back and try dinner some time when I am not in a hurry.  I will be back soon!
2	Only one word can describe the meal that my girlfriend and I had last night at Central Bistro- Blech!!!! To begin with I had made a reservation a week ago and we got seated in the bar. In the bar area they had the doors on both sides open to the patio sitting areas. There was a wind that was blowing threw from the north and this made for a very cold experience. Many of the dinners in this part of the restaurant  had their coats on. I asked if we could please sit at a warmer table and we got moved to another bar area table that was just as cold. After a few more minutes of shivering I asked again for a warmer table and we got moved into the main dining area of the restaurant. Our waitress seemed clueless as to what was going on in general and after we had read through the menu she asked us what we wanted for dinner. I asked if there were any specials and of course there was, she had just not told us. We ordered a few salads, the white pizza flatbread, the salmon and pasta pomodoro. I noticed that all the tables  were getting bread but not us. I found our waitress and asked if we could get some bread. Her response was " I was not sure if you we're going to want some bread because you ordered the flatbread." Brilliant!!! So instead of asking us if we wanted bread with our salads she was just going to keep on wondering if we did or did not. I had the simple greens salad and my girlfriend the roasted pear and goat cheese. My salad was tasteless but the roasted pear was quite good. I thought, hmmm maybe our dinning experience was going to start turning around. Well, I was wrong. My pasta was listless. The noodles were limp and soggy and the red sauce tasted more like tomato juice. The sauce was watery and had no taste whatsoever. Looking at the sauce I kept thinking that it had promise but nothing meshed and it was again like water. My girlfriend was very disappointed with her salmon. She loves salmon and whenever she orders it when we go out she devours every last morsel. Half way through the main course more than half of it sat motionless and untouched on her plate. It appeared that the house bread was more appealing to her palate than the salmon. I asked her how it was and her response was that it was absolutely tasteless. She went on to say that how can a restaurant spend so much time and money on every single last detail in the design of the space (the place is gorgeous with red brick walls, glass partitions and a wine room that was beyond beautiful) but serve food that is utterly tasteless and lacks soul. I could not agree more with her assessment. With tip our bill was $110 which would have been fine if the food was fantastic but sadly it was not. Unless the food has a 180 degree turn around and the reviews improve consistently  to 4.5-5 stars I would not bother to go back. I would rather sit down at Revo a few doors down and eat beans and rice.
4	Wow...what a great find here. Came here on a Sunday late afternoon, open patio, TV's with football games on, just a real inviting atmosphere.  We have friends that live down the street, so they took us here.  Lucky for us it was happy hour.  Great price on beer & wine and a nice happy hour menu.  Service was great at the bar area.  We came late afternoon on a Sunday during football season, seem like a local hang out, not too many patrons, so it was very comfortable.  The weather was absolutely beautiful so the open patio was great.   Our friend who lives in the vicinity suggested this place...as they have been here a few times.  They loved the service and the food....can't blame them now...and it's just around their corner.
5	Love this place.
4	I've been looking forward to this opening since Zen 32 closed. They did a great job on the build out and the bar area is fantastic!  Very modern and I love how open and bright it is...perfect for this time of the year.  I have been there twice now and have been impressed.  The Arancini was delicious as well the chicken wings. I will definitely return!!
5	Great happy hour chicken sliders to dive for, love the open look.
3	A couple of NOT GOODS, when initially seated (5:20pm), I waited 14 minutes for someone to contact me for water or a drink ? Once our server came over her service level was very good2nd NOT GOOD (a huge pet peeve) wine vintage on wine list did not match stock on hand. You cannot list an 06 or 07 Cab and sub a 2010 or 2011 cab at the same priceUnfortunately those two NOT GOODS would have me rate Central Bistro as a 6 out of 10
3	I ordered the grilled vegetable plate upon recommendation from the waiter which was prompted when my husband and I ordered the grilled artichoke as a starter.  My husband ordered the pepperoni pizza.  Artichoke was fine but they did not offer a wet clean up towelette after finishing since they are so messy.  BUT the kicker is that the vegetable plate I ordered featured an artichoke as well and after i dived into it, realized all the vegetables were  covered in liquid smoke seasoning.  Yuk.  Why do you have to add  a smoky additive to fresh vegetables--it ruined my taste-buds for the rest of the meal.  Plus the fact that I had another artichoke ontop my main plate which was also the same as the appetizer.  Why wouldn't the waiter at least advise me that I would have duplicative food? My husband was very happy with his pizza and i tasted a bit of it (crust only) and it was very good.  Neat ambience, great location for us but I feel so-so about returning. Waiter was ok:  had to read some of the specials from a little peice of paper he had hidden in his papers and reached across my husband a couple of times versus going around to the side. I don't think he was that polished of a waiter.
3	Beautiful Day!  The open air patio with a breeze was splendid.   It seems to me many chefs are scared to use salt in their cooking.  This may be salt shy chef.  I rarely add salt to a plate, but it was necessary this time.  However as an eater of food it isn't the same to add salt at the table as when the chef adds salt into his sauces and blends in so much better.
2	We visited on a busy Friday evening.  The place was packed and had great energy.  There was a wait which really didn't matter since we like to sit at the bar so when two seats quickly opened and we sat immediately.  The ambiance is worth five stars alone.  The decor, the open windows and the amazing wine room make this place inviting and attractive.  After ordering the wine and an appetizer (Wood Grilled Artichoke) we waited...and waited...and waited some more.  The bartender noticed how long we waited several times and kept checking with the kitchen.  After about 35 minuets and an apology from the bartender the artichokes we delivered by someone...perhaps a manager with another very forced and dry apology.  The chokes were OK, but not fully cooked but the ailoi was delicious.  As expected  two minutes after the app was dropped our entrees arrived...annoying.  The Grilled Vegetable dish was served with a goat cheese spread and overall was good but not something I'd order again (my fault for ordering).  My husband had the Steak Frites and enjoy it.  As soon as the check was dropped the service dropped.  Not once did the bartender ask if we wanted another glass of wine when our glasses sat empty for nearly 30 min nor was there any further contact from any employee.  The best part of the whole experience was when the bartender who wad been serving us that night grabs her purse, clocks out and then sits next to the guy sitting next to us and starts having a conversation.  I guess she didn't care that we hadn't paid yet...she must not be hurting for tips?  I understand food timing issues and that kitchens get backed up sometimes but I don't understand poor service and the lack of recovery from staff and especially the managers.  If something is wrong at a table or the bar, it is the managers responsibility to take action and not ignore it.
4	Central Bistro has a very nice atmosphere.  We went for a girls lunch and I had the pizza with blue cheese, arugula, fig and prosciutto.  The other two got the soup of the day and the chicken salad and the arugula salad.  They both enjoyed their meals.  The portions were very generous for lunch portions.  Bring your wallet it is a pricey lunch.  Would like to come back and try dinner sometime.
5	Great atmosphere, awesome layout, great menu selection, fantastic service and my meal was outstanding.  This restaurant operator has skill... hope there are more concepts to come.
2	Seems service is lacking based on all the reviews and I agree, Not service by the bartender, service in the kitchen for to food taking way too long when it's quiet at the bar. Ordered truffle frites, flatbread pizza and escargot ( 10 min later) gor the escargot FIRST cold, and tasteless and frites finally came out with flatbread 20 min later??? gorg spot and live close by but mediocre at best.
5	Everything about Central Bistro was fantastic!The location, food and service are all top quality!   The menu includes several interesting items and the wine selection is fantastic.  The remodel is beautiful.  Anyone who had eaten at Zen 32, which was located here prior to Central Bistro, will not recognize the space.  I prefer to try new places and Central Bistro was so good I went back three times in the same week!!!  Once on Thursday for dinner, Friday for happy hour and later in the week for a light dinner.  Returned two weeks later with eight of my friends for a holiday dinner and AGAIN top quality experience.  The only suggestion I would make is to offer a more robust, exciting Happy Hour.
1	Central Bistro deserves two stars just for the fantastic remodel of a former sushi spot in a local strip mall, the build-out completely transformed the nondescript generic space into a red brick and white picket fence arcadian version of fine dining. The food however was so ridiculously bad, it was like some kind of Saturday Night Live parody. I was taken here for my birthday and it was unfortunately the worst culinary experience I have had since moving to Phoenix - excluding the post meal gelato at the always phenomenal Gelato Spot. The service at CB was like watching a middle school play, so many mistakes but in the end, you are just relieved that it is over...The reservation was lost, we were given a table in the bar instead of the dining room, after being seated a third time, we had to ask for the complementary bread twice (albeit the most delicious part of the meal) that every table around us was enjoying, and finally the food was delivered at once, overcooked and almost inedible, salmon with sad unidentifiable veggies, salad limp and deeply saturated with dressing, some kind of pizza with blackened overdone dough, served stiff, uncut, and as appetizing as, well, eating cardboard...I will be back but only after the kitchen has untangled the kinks, I can think of many other local places to actually enjoy the experience of dropping a hundred dollars for a meal.
3	Nice atmosphere. For the price, very average quality.  Good wine list. S'mores dessert was good but not quite up to what I hoped for.  More graham cracker please. And let the marshmallow seem identifiable. Waiter needs more training and menu is way too expansive.Lots of solid competition in the area. Central bistro did not woo me to leave my other favorites.  I'd go again but it's not on my list of choices.
4	Wife and I came here for NYE 2012. Reason #1 for coming was the oysters on the half shell (for my wife). Service was great - polite, attentive and courteous - from the hostess to server to manager. Cool atmosphere, exposed brick, open kitchen. (Yeah it was in a strip mall, but this is AZ).My wife loved the oysters. For dinner, she had fish of the moment (sea bass), and gave it a 4/5. I had chicken parm (3/5 - decent; could have used more flavor).  Cocktail menu was interesting. Mule of Thyme was tasty.  Beignets for dessert - quite nice. Overall, an enjoyable experience. We'll come back I'm sure.
4	Would love to give this restaurant the full five stars as it is one of my favorites in Phoenix but must conceded that the kitchen is a bit slow so tough on the kids. Other then that, a great dining experience. Really good drinks and wine selection, fairly extensive menu covering a wide array of foods and fun desserts and salads. Haven't had a single item that isn't fantastic. Very professional and helpful waitstaff.
5	This restaurant has great decor, amazing food and PHENOMENAL service! Everyone was fun and gracious. My eleven year old daughter ate her entire plate (which never happens.) Her and I both had the short rib pasta which rivaled my Italian great grandmother's.Wish we could give Central Bistro a sixth star.We will be coming back! ;)
3	I was and still am happy to see a new resaurant pop up in this area.  I have been able to dine at Central Bistro twice since it has opened.  The restaurant has an impressive wine list and knowledgable servers.  I wish the food was as impressive. I was with a group and we ordered 8 different dishes to share family style.  I enjoyed a delish salad and the standout entree was the chicken parmasan with a side of mac & cheese.  Central Bistro did a wonderful job on the buildout and decor.  I will definitley be back for a glass of wine, but there are other italian restaurants I prefer in the area.  Not bad, not great but worth another try someday.
4	Great atmosphere. Nice wine list. There was four of us, we all shared appetizers and entrees, we enjoyed every one of them, and the prices similar with competition in the area. Wait staff warm and attentive.  I believe the owner, Tom, was in the restaurant at the time, he was fun and surprised us with dessert that we really enjoyed and again shared (the beignets with sweet ricotta, chocolate, and carmel dipping sauce). Yummy!! Over all we had a great 1st experience.  The couple we were with had dined there several times before and raved about their experience and food.
4	The one item you must try is the compound butter...oh my is it FAB!  Mushroom truffle pasta very rich, blue point oysters fresh & delish. Parking is the downfall at CB.
4	Amazing menu.  I need to go back and try everything on it. Cocktails are tasty and creative.  My hubs and I each started with one, and a half dozen oysters.  Then he got the mac and cheese of the moment (shortrib and mushroom) - it was amazing... I kept reaching across the table to steal bites.  I got the pasta with clams.  Really tasty, bonus points for house-made pasta. Everything was flavorful and pretty large portions.  Menu is on the pricier side, which may prevent us from going weekly... but the service and ambience validate the price.   I really appreciate all of the "of the moment" daily specials.  Lots of great touches - like getting offered citrus of choice (lemon, lime, orange) on a platter with your water.  We are looking forward to going to back and trying more of the menu.   Also plan on coming for happy hour... great addition to the neighborhood!
5	What an absolutely amazing experience. I was visiting from out of town and came here for lunch. Great decor, wonderful staff and very attentive service. I don't think my iced tea made it to half-glass before it was refilled without asking. I had the chicken parm sandwich. Great portion size with a nice side salad. I was thoroughly pleased with the personal service that Branden gave me. I am from a big city where the waiters usually can'y wait to get off work. This was not the case here, everyone acted as though they enjoyed working there and wanted to know how to make my experience better. I was so impressed that I returned for dinner hours later. I had the Veal Chop this time and my dining companion had the salmon. Both were cooked to perfection. And, lone and behold, Branden was our server again and he joked with us about my revisit and made the experience more enjoyable. Overall, kudos to the chef, the staff and the managers who seem to have it all together. Will look forward to revisiting soon!
2	Last night my husband, daughter and I went to Central Bistro for the first time (my husband and I live in Tucson). We were greeted by a lovely hostess and seated early, unfortunately that was the highlight of our evening. The waiter was also delightful, however the first three drinks that our daughter ordered they did not have. My husband then ordered wine, three different times the waiter came back to the table to say that they were out of the wine ordered. The last time we were told 'oh is that wine still on the list, it shouldn't be as we don't carry it any longer'. Next we had our appetizer and the tuna tartare had wasabi which took away any ability to really taste it. Of our three main courses the roasted chicken and the Chilean sea bass were great, the pork tenderloin was over-cooked and very small (all of the plates were very uninteresting in presentation). Dessert was the six layer chocolate cake which we could not even get our fork into (it was either stale or just bad). The waiter came back after taking it away and said 'the chef thought it was a bit dry'.  We would have felt a lot better if the Manager had come over and spoken with us. Alas we won't go back.
5	Fantastic day Saturday for lunch at Central Bistro.  The doors were all open and the breeze and light from outside were wonderful.My lobster bisque was great and the burger hit the spot.Service was friendly and efficient.I can't wait to come back.
5	It's only my FAVORITE place in the entire city!
4	Fairly new restaurant - and a real treat.  I'd say it gives True Foods a run for its money - altho the food is more American/Italian/Southwest.  It is now definitely on my list for dining in central Phoenix.
1	I decided to try their brunch because it is my favorite meal and there are not enough Phoenix spots that excel in that culinary space.,I so miss Local Breeze downtown! Well, the staff and service were fine. Not exceptional but fine.  The table was dirty when we sat down playing host to some salt and bits of vegetation. We dusted it off and soldiered on...I ordered the Veggie Omelette with egg whites and no cheese.  It came soaked/drenched in oil and very light on the veggies.. For $11 it should have been at least ample..Very disappointing.. The Original Pancake House has a better veggie omelet. My girlfriend got the steel cut oats and she only had 3 bites.. just over cooked mush.  We each had a champagne brunch cocktail, she a bellini and me a Central 75 both $9 dollars but made well. Basically this place is fine for booze and the bar scene but not for real cuisine.  Such a shame.. Great location that Lenny gave up..Would have hoped for more.
4	Not bad for another neighborhood walking distance to us!Food is pretty decent, great wine list, service can be a hit or miss depending on the server.  Plus, they have a happy hour menu!  Will definitely be back, perhaps it's convenient?  Probably will not travel if it's a 30 minute drive!
5	Dustin is a fantastic server & sommelier. Love the food & environment. We will be back!
5	We have eaten at Central Bistro 5 times and have had excellent experiences on all but one occasion. That time, the problem was resolved rapidly by a very thoughtful waiter, manager and chef.  The staff are very concerned about their image and go overboard wherever possible to please their customers.  It is great to have another good restaurant in our neighborhood, especially one that understands how to be successful in the restaurant business.  May they live long and prosper.
4	Short rib pasta was good and my wife enjoyed the pork tenderloin. I like that the menu hits all price levels, starting with a hamburger- pizza-pasta-steaks.    Really happy this place opened in our neighborhood.
5	We had a wonderful lunch at Central Bistro.  Shelby was our server and she was very attentive and helpful.  As a gluten-free diner, you never know if you're going to end up with just a plate of greens, but Central Bistro has gluten-free pasta available upon request.  Husband and I split the Kale Mixed Salad and the Garden Pasta and both were delicious.  The Kale salad definitely rivals True Food's Tuscan Kale salad -- very tasty.  Portions are very generous - we were glad we split the items.  This is a great addition to the neighborhood and they've thought of small details like the filtered water with your choice of orange, lemon or lime...decor is modern but warm and comfortable.  We'll definitely be back to try the weekend brunch as well.
4	Visited last night for dinner and I thought I should post an update.  The service was spectacular & the chicken parm ( bigger than a house) was incredible!!! It feeds at least 2 people and has a nice arugula salad on top with a side of tomato sauce. It also comes with a side of mac n cheese. I highly recommend this dish for some comfort.My hubby had the bolognese and was huge fan as well. TIP: They offer Sunday brunch with $15 all you can drink mimosa's & bloody Mary's.  I know where I'm headed for the weekend.
3	Had you not known that this used to be Zen 32, you'd have no idea.  I have been back several times now waiting and hoping that all of the kinks would be worked out.  For HH's stick with the outside patios, the interior really is not equipped to deal with a group of folks (they'll kindly put you at a long table to try to accommodate, but it doesn't really work).  The food is well....okay.  I love the fact that they are open late.  (Midnight and ten p.m. on Sunday)  The HH specials are decent,  but nothing on the food menu really pops.  The ingredients are fresh, but the execution lacks enthusiasm.  Example:  Huge shrimp, cooked to the point of being beyond rubbery but actually tasteless in the cioppino.  The interior is exposed brick, casual meets upscale.  (I'm not sure that is a word but think exposed brick with fancy pendant lights).  They might be going after the same market as Hillstone, but the food isn't quite as reliable or steakhouse accessible.  The staff is friendly and tries hard.  (One knock, being charged 2.95 cents for soda water)  Overall, I prefer the drink experience to the dinner experience.  I'm still waiting for the food to catch up to the surroundings.
4	impressed, had the duck 3 ways as an appetizer...delicious! My husband had the Chicken Parm its was huge came with mac & cheese and a tomato sauce (lacking on the flavor) but over all very good. I enjoyed the chicken pesto pizza phenomenal! Perfect crust! Staff were very friendly including the manager Tom. We will certainly be returning.
2	We invited friends to join us at one of our favorite neighborhood restaurants, Central Bistro.  Unfortunately, our dinners were bland and tasteless.  The garden risotto had no flavor and was just mushy.  The mac and cheese dish was in a heavy sauce and just inedible.  The trout was dry.  The flourless chocolate cake was dry and cold, just awful.  We do not know what happened to this place?  We have enjoyed over a dozen good dining experiences, but will not return with four bad meals served at one time, plus a lousy dry piece of chocolate cake. Ugh!  The only redeeming dessert was the apple tart. We have enjoyed many meals at this establishment and am curious as to what has happened in such a short period of time.  Did the chef quit? Had we known the chef was gone that evening, we would have stopped after appetizers, that were just ok, and finished our nice bottle of wine without dinner.
5	I love so much about CB, from the open, airy, Italian cafe atmosphere, to the amazing food and service. But I recently found another thing to love: CB Weekend brunch. Holy moly is it amazing! I visited on a Saturday around noon with my in-laws and we were all blown away. I had the crab Benedict and I was in love from my first glance. There was a really good amount of sumptuous lump crap meat and asparagus chunks topped with the perfect egg and hollandaise. It was amazing beyond words. I didn't have the only first rate dish either! My FIL had CB's rendition of Chicken and Waffles and I must admit, as much as I was loving my dish, I had a twinge of diners envy. It looked Freaking Scrumptious!!! My MIL had the veggie omelette, and it was stellar as well. CB IS serious about its food. I have been for dinner as well and have never seen or heard of anything mediocre or ok- their stuff is GOOD!! Dinner selections that rock are the ravioli of the day, everyday I have love love loved their offerings. The chicken parm is a whole lotta awesome food for one dish. You will definitely be taking home leftovers. I'm also a fan of the clam linguine. It has chorizo, which I never would have thought to add, but it was superb. Last shout out goes to the drunken bread app- if I could have it everyday and not gain a zillion pounds I would without a doubt! CB is a really cool, tasty place that you should put on your "to do" list ASAP!
4	The food is great. I remember this place as Zen32, but it's much bigger than when it was Zen32. The ambience is great and the food and service was amazing. Will come again.
4	We came in here for dinner awhile back... Nice looking place. Our waitress was pretty well educated on the menu & up beat & friendly. I ordered the burger, which was okay.. Nothing amazing. I wasnt really even in the mood for Italian OR French, that's why I ordered the burger. It was HUGE though. My date had the french onion soup... WOW, now that was amazing. It was delicious. I definitely  recommend that when you go.Atmosphere was a bit loud, but it was pretty packed. I don't mind the loudness but the person I was with always talks sooo quiet so I could barely hear them the whole time (lol)Prices are pricey, but whatever.But seriously, go try the french onion soup.I just wish my burger was a little better.. That's the only reason I didn't give a full 5 stars.The food runner & the host were friendly too. I love when staff is friendly at restaurants. It makes it so much nicer & you really feel welcomed.
2	I visited Central Bistro last night and although the food was amazing the management is nothing to be desired.  After making his rounds to several other tables, the manager came to ours and asked how dinner was.  We responded "best meal ever" and the gentleman made a condescending response back and walked away.  At this point I felt dismissed and totally put off.  If you are going to have management staff greet your tables the least they could have is a sense of enthusiasm for their guests.  Perhaps they are in the wrong line of work.
4	Great food, excellent service, and great atmosphere. Will definitely go back when I can afford to (it's expensive).
4	I was jonesing for a late night glass of wine and some food so I popped in here for reverse Happy Hour. I like what they've done with the place. The bar area reminds me just a little of Side Bar but with more seating and open bay windows that let the nice (and soon to be a distant memory) cool evening breeze in. They were playing pretty good mellow tunes so well done on the atmosphere.Their Happy Hour menu has a nice offering of flat breads (I had the mushroom which was pretty tasty), wings and other snacks. I also had the Prosciutto Wrapped Truffle Fries which I expected to be stellar.....not so much. Not bad but those of you who have been to Rome and spent three minutes staring at the ceiling of The Sistine Chapel know what I'm talking about!I was impressed by their drink menu, particularly their wine offerings which have a "Good, Better, Best" offering which are all priced accordingly. I was very happy with their "Best" Pinot Noir. Their beer taps have a good variety. The guy tending bar was enthusiastic and took care of me. What put a bit of a damper on my evening is that I had the misfortune of sitting next to (for those of you who have seen "Fast Times at Ridgemont High")52-year-old, worked-his-way-up-to-head-waiter Brad Hamilton. This guy was loud and talked and talked to his industry colleague, sharing his wealth of knowledge on the service industry, careful to constantly boast his credentials. I wanted to turn to the guy and say "Arnold, you want to work at All-American Burger" So this guy utterly killed the cool vibe that I was trying to absorb, so much so that I chose not to linger for another glass of the awesome pinot noir. Not the restaurants fault by geeze.So Brad notwithstanding, I like this place. I'm pretty much bound to enjoy any place where I can have a good glass of wine late at night at a reasonable price. I'm not really a brunch guy but this place screams brunch to me for some reason. Their regular menu looks good too so I'll be back to check it out again.
3	My wife an I had been looking forward to going here after driving past it a few times while it was being built. The restaurant design is modern contemporary. It was clean, perhaps best described as clinical. Service was okay, waiter was perhaps a Little too keep, but as it had just opened he was trying to impress which is admirable. However the food was not so good. I had the Thai salad. I am a keen amateur cook myself and cook a lot of Thai food and this salad was far from Thai. There was no fish sauce or chillies in the dressing and the tomatoes were served whole, which seemed kind of strange. Salads live and die by their dressing and this just didn't cut it as Thai. It was like a normal garden salad with peanuts!! My wife had the Gorgonzola and Prosciutto pizza. It was a little burned and the prosciutto was laid over the top after it had been sliced, so you had to break the prosciutto with your fingers to eat it. All in all not the best place we have been to. Will probably give it one more try.....
2	My boyfriend and I had a late lunch here on a Saturday afternoon.  We usually go to North or one of the other restraunts near Arcadia/Biltmore but decided last minute to try something new.  The design of the restaurant is contemporary but classic, well lit and comfortable.  I ordered the calamari salad which was good(not fabulous, but quite good).  My boyfriend ordered the hamburger and thought it was ok (not as good as Zin Burger).  The french fries, however, were excellent!!!  The food was good and worthy of a 3 or 4 star rating.  However, the service was lousy.  The server who helped us was incredibly dour!  He was very stern, unfriendly and had no idea how to smile.  He brought items as needed (ie. extra salad dressing) - but scowled as he did it and was completely unpleasant to deal with.We spoke to a very nice manager (young female) about this experience and she apologized for his behavior.  She told us he was having a rough day and some personal problems.  Of course, I am sorry that he was having a difficult day- but that does not excuse being rude to customers.  He should not be dealing with the public if he cannot hide his anger and annoyance.  Moreover, while the manager was very nice, I thought her explanatoin was lacking.  Quite simply, one's personal problems do not excuse bad service and I thought it was a bit unprofessional that she shrugged off the poor service to him having a bad day.We will not go back due to the rude service and the management's complete lack of interest in fixing the matter.
5	Definitely will be back - would love to do a happy hour and dinner.  Came for lunch, great space, service & food.  Server made great suggestions - all stellar!  Started with grilled artichokes (huge & great wood fired taste) and tuna tartare.  Shared burrata salad (fab flavor & texture) and the scallop risotto (a mind blower).  Want to do it all over again but with a cocktail first and big glass of wine with it - only way it could get better.
5	What a gracious host for our Yelp Elite Event! The food and drinks here were WAY above what I expected, nicely done! I started the night out with a play on a Moscow Mule, but with strawberries and Thyme. How have I never thought to do that? Brilliant! For the event, we had a humongous seafood tower with perfectly cooked seafood, awesome risotto station and a large charcuterie table with all the fixins. They were also walking around handing out small plates such as beef wellington, french onion soup and several types of Ceviche and Tartare, all were fantastic! I'm excited to come back as the menu looked terrific and they have bottomless bloody mary's for $15 on the weekend . yessssss!
5	Awesome, awesome, awesome.Food and service was top notch!
4	Zen 32's shoes are big ones to fill. Central Bistro does so with great ambience, service, and an incredible menu.
4	The setup, location and offerings here look promising. I'm looking forward to making another trip in the future. I was here with my wife and some friends for a Yelp event so my experience was limited but promising. I'll definitely add more detail if/when we make it back to that side of town to try it again.
4	This was our first time here. We had a gift card so we made it a date night.The place is cool, right off of Camelback. Nice outdoor seating and very modern. CLEAN - which is nice. The bathrooms are clean and cool since you walk through their wine cooler or cellar thing - lots to see so that was cool. They have a big dining area as well as a cool bar area where we sat. I forget our guys name but he was nice and didn't seem like he was trying too hard which I always appreciate. We arrived during happy hour and got a couple of glasses of wine and the french fries...they are called frites on the menu and they come with prosciutto, Parmesan and truffle oil on top. You may think they are just fries but they are really good and an awesome menu for the happy hour menu. The small plates are all $5 which rocks and whats even cooler is the happy our wine list...you get to choose from a few different lists that range from $5-$10 cheap to expensive (they are pretty expensive on the regular list so thats a great deal!).We also had the grilled artichokes as our app. We loved them - perfectly cooked, not overwhelming in the smokiness and the sauce was nice and simple (considering we usually just use mayo -any sauce is cool for us).I will have to go back and get the orange duck - I was really hard pressed between that and the shrimp big plate. I went with the shrimp which was awesome. Pictures to follow. If you are squeamish, buyer beware -you have to shell one big shrimp. I was no afraid since I am an east coast girl and grew up with lobsters. The risotto was my favorite because the flavor was great and there were even more shrimp tucked in there! I couldn't believe I got 3 large shrimp, 1 massive and then at least 30 pieces in my rice as well. Awesome!!!Boyfriend got the pork loin which was great too. Definitely suggest that. I think we played it safe a bit so I want to go back and get more and we definitely will soon.OH! FYI - when they say "big plate" on the menu....they mean BIG PLATE - totally worth the money.
4	After going to the Central Bistro for the elite event earlier this week, I decided to give them a try today for brunch. I was a little leery of going because they don't have their brunch menu posted on their website and the BF is allergic to eggs, so I always like to check out menus before going, but we decided to go for it anyway.  Let me say, their menu is great! They had over 5 options for him to eat that were not egg based (pancakes, waffles, oatmeal, etc). They also have a variety of egg items that all look delicious. After being seated, the waiter brought water and a tray of sliced citrus so you can pick your own flavoring for the water...very fancy. We started with donuts and coffee (we had a free coup from our goodie bag) and this was the most delicious part of the whole meal. The donuts reminded me of little zeppoles in a delicious orange cream sauce....so good! The coffee was french pressed and also wonderful. For entrees, I got the truffle egg sandwich (a fried egg, tomato, bacon, spinach, and a truffle aioli I had put on the side on an english muffin) and the BF had the pancakes. The sandwich was good, but I wish they used an over medium egg versus an over hard egg, but I could specify that next time now that I know. The pancakes were alright, but nothing super special until we put some of that orange sauce from the donuts onto the pancakes and then they were delicious! Also, the service here was amazing. Our waiter, I think his name was John but not sure (sorry, I'm bad with names!), was attentive, gave good recommendations and seemed like a down to earth kind of guy, which I really appreciated. The bill was reasonable as well. Although I wouldn't say this is the best breakfast in town, it was a solid choice and I would definitely come back here for brunch again!
5	I was throughly impressed with the serving staff- everyone was very friendly and attentive. I liked the vibe of the restaurant and everything I eat was delicious! This place must be new because I had never heard of it before, but I'll definitely be back when I need to spoil myself!
4	Enjoyed our meal but when you have two Italian heavyweights in the neighborhood, Noca and Trattoria Bianco, you can't help but think that this place comes off as sort of corporate and inauthentic in comparison.
3	Been for happy hour and Sunday brunch.  Had a very respectable bruschetta the first and a yummy eggs benedict the second.  While everything was good, nothing really stood out and it was just a little stuffy for my taste.A sweet outdoor patio and open windows make for a very inviting, comfortable atmosphere, and the service was excellent each time.  If you're in the area, it's worth a try.
3	Alright first things first: The service is phenomenal. The hostess was sweet and looked back twice to make sure we were following her. The server was hilarious (her name was Julia?) and she was spot-on the entire time. I noticed another server who was meticulously polishing silverware, flattening out napkins and folding them perfectly, and carefully setting his table as if it were for his very own wedding banquet. I rarely see this kind of attention to detail.The restaurant is extremely clean. I was also impressed when the servers come around with a tray of sliced limes, lemons and oranges for our water and iced tea. Very impressed!The food is a bit of a letdown. The thin crust pizza was surprisingly flabby. I mean, isn't thin crust pizza supposed to be crispy? The chicken Parmesan was burned. Why oh why put a pile of arugula on it and leave the sauce on the side? Fail. I'll be back, I suppose, but there's dozens of other restaurants to try out lolCome here for the service. Keep your expectations low on the food so that you won't be disappointed.
1	My wife and I eat out five nights a week.  We know what is acceptable and what is not when it comes to ambiance.  We booked a table for the patio...and dropped German's name as he is the Gran Fromage.  When we arrived...on time...we were told no tables on the patio.  We were given the choice of a table in the bar ...or a table in the dining room.Given that the noise level was so pronounced in the bar...we opted for a dark table in the dining room.We sat down, and when the server arrived with the water, we were unable to communicate with each other, as the noise level was intolerable.  Not chic...but NOISE.  So loud, we opted to bolt...and went to another establishment.I think German does a great job at Local Bistro and would at Central Bistro ife he got the noise level down to an acceptable level.I was most unhappy that our reservation was not carried out as specified.....but even more disappointed that the lame assed interior DECORATOR thought the noise would be acceptable.Interior designers and Architects are idiots.  They will blow smoke at you and have you think they know something...when in fact, most all are friggin hacks.Will not return to any of his restaurants...as we found the noise to be a game changer.Good luck with the over 35 crowd.  You'll never make it.
4	A great staff who were all cheerful and professional. The bar is not that big and was full when we arrived unfortunately but the patio made a nice compromise. The food was all very tasty!
2	Tried the happy hour menu.  It is limited but tasty and changes frequently. Service was mediocre.  We sat at table for 20 minutes waiting to order after getting menus.  Then we got lukewarm water, had to request ice and lemon.  The noise level is terribly loud.  The restrooms are very odd. They are unisex, extremely dark and sink is outside restroom by the kitchen in view of diners.  Awkward.  Will not try this restaurant again.
3	Brunch anyone?  It's interesting to me that they have a young attractive man with a low button shirt as a host and a young lady as the bartender.  My waiter was attentive and I was starving that I ordered CB's Chicken and Waffles plate.  The entree is huge that two people can share the entree.  The corn waffle was piled with two huge chicken pieces fried.  The sausage and gravy and scrambled eggs on top.  An overwhelming amount of fennel and spice was  the main flavors of the dish.  I wasn't a big fan of the waffle which was on the bottom of everything.  It became soft, yet not soggy.  I think next time I would get it on the side and just a plain waffle.  I tasted peppercorn more than anything of the waffle. The entree was $15 and the coffee was $5.  I don't think this will be my normal brunch hangout, but once in  a while , will be a treat.  Next I will have to try the Trio eggs bene!
4	We went here tonight for my sister's birthday dinner and the meal was amazing, I am definitely a fan of Central Bistro!  The space is beautiful inside, but I do think it is bit noisy inside, between the music playing a bit too loudly and the high ceilings, but I the food and service is excellent!We had the Vichyssoise to start, and the cold soup on a such a hot day was just perfect.  We also had the wood fired artichoke, which was seasoned really nicely and then taken to another dimension when dipped in the aioli dipping sauce.My sister and I both got the scallop risotto and it was AMAZING!  The scallops were perfectly cooked with a nice sear on the outside, and then the risotto was filled with flavor from the bacon, corn and peas...it was a match made in heaven!  I also thought that the price was really reasonable, at just $18 for 3 large scallops and a huge portion of the risotto.  We had some key lime pie to finish the meal, and it was the perfect ending.The food will definitely keep me coming back....I need to try their brunch sometime soon!
4	Great place and service. Had the seared salmon, ordered it RARE, and they served it RARE!!! So many establishments over cook  fish. Central did it right. Nice ambiance.
3	I've been here 3 times so far on separate occasions for happy hour, lunch, and dinner. If I was just judging on the happy hour and lunch, I would say this would be about a 4 star experience, but dinner really fell flat. The first time my husband and I came in was for happy hour, which is daily from 2-6pm. We had the grapefruit margaritas, which were very refreshing with fresh squeezed grapefruit juice. After the margarita we decided to change it up with an apple martini, which wasn't nearly as good as the margarita. Our second visit was for lunch. We decided on the calamari salad and the drunk bread. The calamari was lightly fried and cooked very well, over mixed greens, with capers, onions, and pieces of crab meat. The crab meat was a little fishy, and as much as I love crab it didn't really do anything for the dish and I could have done without it. The drunk bread was a large piece of day old bread, cooked in a skillet with white wine and swiss cheese. This was very good, like a fondue grilled cheese combination, but a little pricey for $12.Our third visit was for dinner. I decided on the veggie pasta with pesto and my husband had the margherita pizza. My pasta was a small portion of spaghetti with spiraled veggies, with a pesto sauce. My dish had decent flavor, but the pesto was too oily for my taste (I've made better at home) and just wasn't very impressive. Also, the portion size seemed skimpy at $16. My husband's pizza was just weird. It was stated as a "margherita" on the menu, which we were expecting more of a traditional Napoli pizza with fresh mozzarella. It really was just a cheese pizza with a few ribbons of basil on it, it tasted decent but like a NY style pizza and was salty. Also, you couldn't really taste the sauce. The weirdest thing about the pizza was that there was a blob of buffalo mozzarella on top of the cheese pizza. The pizza would have been way better if they just used the buffalo mozzarella INSTEAD of the shredded mozzarella, it was odd to have both. Seems like they were being a little frugal on the ingredients.So I will be back again, but probably just for happy hour or lunch. I would not recommend dinner, as it's overpriced for what you get.
3	Went here for a date night last night with my fiance with a Local Dines coupon in tow. I've been wanting to try this place for awhile after seeing the lights driving down Camelback a few times and the Local Dines deal finally got us there.The place is really cool inside. I love these kinds of atmosphere's with awesome mood lighting, friendly faces and the promise of a great meal. We opted for inside since their patio area only really looked good for drinks and while the hostess was friendly, we were sat on the bar side of the restaurant at a small table for two, directly in between two other couples. I almost asked to sit elsewhere just because I hate being able to hear other's conversations at dinner and not being able to hear my own but I figured I'd just go with it for one time since the place did seem fairly busy, though there were a few open tables. I can't say that sitting on the other side of the restaurant would have been any quieter though. As soon as we sat down, we realized that it was really loud. When I made a comment to my fiance about how loud it was, he yelled back 'What???'.... Not a good sign for a nice romantic dinner.Our waiter was really friendly but did have to almost yell at us to get the specials across. This place could definitely use some sound dampening. It was extremely loud the through the whole dinner and it really took the 'romantic' vibe down a notch since you didn't want to have to yell or repeat yourself through the whole dinner. For drinks, we started out with two glasses of their lemonade usually served in a pitcher. While they were strong and not overly sweet, I do think they lacked a bit of flavor for being made with lemonade but they were refreshing. We decided rather than try their drunk bread to share,  I'd order the wedge salad and my fiance try their oysters. For entree's, he got the Filet Oscar and while I initially wanted a filet too, I thought I would branch out and get the chicken parmesan since I had remembered this place was listed as Italian on Yelp.  The bread they served before dinner was good and I really liked the butter. It had a slight hint of sweetness and herbs which oddly worked really well. Our appetizers came and I can't say I'd get the wedge salad again. The lettuce was weird, it was more like lettuce leaves rather than a wedge of lettuce and I didn't care for the ranch dressing. It was watery and not the most flavorful. The bacon was good though and I don't even eat bacon. My fiance did say they oysters were good but they did seem really small. Our entree's came out and mine was huge! The breaded chicken almost took up my whole plate and was covered in cheese only. There was a side dish of the marinara which was odd and probably a good thing. I wasn't overly found of their rendition of it. It seemed just a little off, though I can't pinpoint exactly what was wrong with it. Additionally, the side of mac n cheese it came with I didn't care for either. My fiance thought it was good though and actually though it was better than Switch's Wine Bar, which I think hands down is worth getting fat for. Try it if you haven't! This dish, not so much and I only had a few bites. I did have a bite of the filet and it was really good.  Good flavor, a nice seared outside and very tender, but maybe a hint of dryness. Overall, the atmosphere was very nice but loud, the server was great and the food in my opinion was a 5 out of 10. I think we may come back sometime and try their $12 pitchers of sangria at happy hour and try their drunk bread. Not sure I'd come back for dinner though.
2	central grease-stro.  nuff said.
2	I tried this place for the first time. I am here on business from Tucson and staying at a nearby hotel. I've been having frozen dinners microwaved in my hotel room every night so I thought I would treat myself to dinner and a drink. I drive around and settle on this place. The name Bistro appealed to me. I sat outside to read my book. The waitress was nice and friendly. I ordered a drink and a seared Ahi Tuna salad. After waiting for a while the waitress let me know they were out of ahi tuna. I had a hard time finding something else. I'm gluten intolerant, which means Italian food is typically out of my league. So I ordered another salad, a watermelon and feta cheese salad with chicken. I got it and it had a huge round slice of watermelon, WITH THE PEEL! So I cut out the round of peel and chopped the watermelon up (might as well be at a family reunion picnic). As I started to eat I discovered the feta was missing. Good thing it's called watermelon feta salad of I might not have noticed a main ingredient was missing!I ate it cause at this point I'm hungry. Family picnic style and all! I had to ask for feta cheese on the side.The waitress came to check on me and realizing I am not eating all that fast asked if I was happy with the meal. I explained if was too fruit-forward and watery for my taste and she said she would ask the manager to comp it. I said I wouldn't want to make trouble. She came back saying the manager would give me a free dessert. I know all you dessert lovers out there are rejoicing, except as I am cursed with a gluten allergy, dessert is off my diet. I just became accustomed to not eat it. So really why offer me something I can't eat after not having what i want and forcing me to eat what I didn't ask for????Really people!!!I won't go there again, though the waitress was nice.
5	Amazing lunch and brunch! Bottomless mimosas and Bloody Mary's!  The artichoke is a great appetizer. Delicious pepperoni pizza as well.
4	Bottomless Mimosas and a french toast that resembles bricks of delicious gold. My first experience in this place was earlier today for post brunch-bunch. (Yeah, I'm the type of person that spends the entire day brunching) First off, the aesthetics in this place are wonderful.  A solid improvement from zen32 in my opinion.  A large open dining area lined with exposed brick and a well lit / inviting bar area.Their menu seemed to cover all of the important bases, for breakfast the have the staples of steak and eggs, french toast, etc - but also offer a chicken and waffles option.  All in all, the prices seem to be very reasonable.The specials looked amazing, and I will definitely be coming back to sample their social hour.
5	What a great happy hour (ok, they prefer to call it "social hour") experience!Good selection of wines divvied up into different price points between 5 and 10 bucks a glass. Wells for 4. A selection of small plates that are really quite impressive.Service and atmosphere are top-notch. The feeling inside is bright, airy, and open. New destination. You come too!
2	Though we can't be 100% sure, I believe my fiance got food poisoning from the raw oysters he ate here a few weeks ago. We shared all the food that night with the exception of the oysters. He woke up in the middle of the night sick. I originally didn't think too much about it but after a week of still not feeling better, we opted for a trip to the doctor. When explaining the symptoms and the only other food that we both hadn't eaten was the oyster's, he thought that most certainly it could have been the cause since it was the only difference in our diet. After a three day round of antibiotics and another Rx for stomach issues, he is feeling better. I don't know much about seafood (I don't eat anything from the sea) and especially not anything raw so I don't know if it could have been improperly handling or there was just a bad one in the six that he ate. I also don't like reporting something we can't be 100% sure of either but I thought it was worth warning others about. Either way, I don't think he'll be back any time for oysters in the future. He did think it was unusual for the oysters coming from the West coast rather than the East when he ordered though so not sure if that is useful either? There was a guy next to us who also had the oysters so it would have been interesting to know if he got sick too.
5	Some people say brunch is just an excuse to get drunk in the mornings, some people just call that mornings, but either way with unlimited mimosas and blody marys for $15, you'll get the job done.This place is beautiful - large windows that let in loads of natural light, exposed brick everywhere, hardwood floors, and white marble table tops make you feel like you're in a designer's home. Also, I've never had to wait more than a minute to get a table - which is a huge plus when you're hangry for brunch and mimosas without bottoms.The food is a modern take on French and Italian flair. My friends ordered eggs benedict (there is an option for a benedict trio where you can try three of their four delicious eggs benedict options for $15). The eggs were perfectly cooked and the prosciutto and oven dried tomatoes played very well together. I landed on the steak and eggs. The steak was wood grilled skirt steak. It was delicious, my only qualm was that I should have ordered it rare instead of medium rare as it came back barely pink in the middle. Despite that, it wasn't dry and it still had tons of flavor.The best food part of our brunch experience by far was the stuffed french toast. It was brioche stuffed with sweet cream Mascarpone, topped with bananas and drizzled in peanut butter maple syrup. There were literally bricks of toast stacked on top of each other, as wide as they were tall. If you're in the market to build a house out of delicious french toast confections, in a convoluted plot to trap and eat two German kids, and also you're a cannibalistic witch living deep in the forest - this is definitely where you're going to want to get your construction supplies.
4	I was a bit skeptical about this place, but I'm so glad we gave it a try! Beautiful interior, very classy. I love how they give you a choice of lemon, lime or orange to flavor your water with. I got a margherita pizza and my husband got some sort of pork dish. Neither of us were blown away with what we got, but we didn't regret it, either. What we DID regret was not getting a burger and fries, we saw them at a nearby table and they both looked amazing!Good date place, probably even better with a group though.
5	Fantastic Service, wonderful food, beautiful ambiance. One of Phoenix's best restaurants. I'm quickly becoming a regular. :-) that's not easy for me.
4	You know it's going to be a good HH when everyone gets there early!  We decided to give this place a try because it's centrally located for all of us and because of the intriguing HH menu and pricing.First of all, the service was amazing...friendly, efficient, and well paced.  Our server was helpful as we were all first-timers and did not steer us wrong !We started with wine, bellinis, and a really delicious bourbon drink along with water presented with a choice of fruit.  So far, so good!There were 4 of us so we tried a bunch of apps....roasted asparagus with egg and sea salt, tuna tartare, truffle fries, and drunken bread.  All of them were just delicious and brilliant in their simplicity!  I plan on making a meal out of the asparagus and tartare sometime.Loved the decor and location and layout but see an area for improvement:  it is LOUD during the social hour.  Loud enough to preclude any kind of conversation.  Loud enough to be off-putting and lose business.  Loud enough to make our party crotchety.  I don't know how to improve that but they may want to look into different sound-dampening technologies to avoid losing revenue over it.That said, I will be back.  I want to try sitting outside and see if it is more conducive to conversation.  Or maybe on the other side of the restaurant.
5	Another great addition to the Camelback corridor!  This place has a lively, upscale vibe to it.  We were seated in the back corner, so it was a little quieter, which was nice.  I started with a bellini and it was delicious.  We shared the drunk bread and it was surprisingly addicting...I could have eaten an order all on my own.  I ordered the chicken parmesan and it was delicious, but a huge portion!  Everything about this place is top notch...highly recommended!
4	Very good addition to the neighborhood.The decor is great. The bar is comfortable and open, perfect setting to wait or just to hang out.I had the watermelon feta salad which was unexpectedly great. The pickled onions were tasteful and the presentation is wonderful. Once in a while the mint flavor kicked in to boost the taste of the salad. If you order it, I would recommend to order it easy on the onions, unless you want to be single for the rest of your life (just saying).The mushroom pasta was also pretty good.No complaints at all about the service and the price was pretty fair. The wine by the glass from Oregon (pinot noir) was pretty good.We were celebrating a birthday and the party was pretty big, so we ended up sitting in 3 different tables. I don't know if they have a private dinning room but if you have a big party and want to be all together, this might not be the right place. In our case, we had a wonderful time and the 3 table deal worked just fine.Highly recommended.Cheers
5	We have been here twice and have never been disappointed. The food is consistent and imaginative and the service is efficient and helpful
3	Not bad! Not great, either. Seems as though CB opened strong last fall but is losing some of its lustre. I love the beer tap selection (Kronenbourg on tap, oh heavenly!), and the bottomless mimosas make an appealing brunch. The staff are very friendly and the servers are gracious and knowledgable. The bar staff can be aloof at times. It just seems as though they have a hard time managing peak hours, and good luck finding a place to wait while you bide your time for a table. I like that they have a decent raw bar variety (wish they could bring in more East Coast oysters but I understand the logistics behind that). I love the prosciutto pomme frites and wedge salad -- two of my favorite "naughty dishes." It's a place that I like, and I'll go to when it's convenient (the fact it's a neighborhood joint is somewhat convenient), but it won't be my first choice... And I know I'm either going to have a good, somewhat neutral, experience or I might be mildly annoyed at some point by either a service or preparation element.
2	This place is just not very good at all.   The place is incredibly loud for one.  It's a nightmare for me being deaf in one ear. I can't hear a thing in there, and I've tried sitting in three separate places in the restaurant.  The portions are really small, the pasta is really big and doughy, and in three meals I have yet to be impressed.
1	The worst service I haver ever experienced. I don't need some passive aggressive hostess with too much make up to make me wait 15 min after making a reservation to be waited on by a waiter who probably did a fat line of coke before he waited on us. Seafood cioppino was tasteless and gritty from the sand from the improperly cleaned seafood. Desserts are tasteless and are amazingly dull. Try Delux it's right next door and they have sushi!
5	Love this place! The servers are all friendly and attentive. The food and drinks are yummy. Its our favorite place in the neighborhood.
5	I must admit, I was sad when Zen 32 closed their doors and when driving by, baffled at why this new place chose to close in the awesome patio that Zen had.  I finally walked in to try the new place out that took over the old Zen spot this past Friday night.   Oh.My.Goodness.   What an amazing replacement.  The ambiance is wonderful and even though they closed the patio in, it still feels wide open with all of the large windows and patio space they did leave.  It flows superbly.  The decor is comforting and well done.  I really liked that they had an open kitchen concept except closed in with glass walls.  We met another couple for dinner and we all ordered something different.  I got the wild mushroom pasta, my husband got the "duck l'orange," one friend the sea bass, and the other steak.  We all tried every meal and I have to say that they all were cooked to perfection and soooo tasty.  I personally liked mine the best but I would have been happy if I had ordered any of the four dishes.  For duck, they really did it right.  Not greasy at all.  My husband did say he wished it came with less risotto and some grilled veggies in its place, but he still devoured it.  The bite of sea bass and steak I had melted in my mouth.  I don't know who our server was but he was awesome as well.  Very friendly, polite, and knowledgeable.  Once he realized we liked craft beer (especially local favorite Four Peaks) he asked if we were going to Oktoberfest hosted by Four Peaks next weekend and we had a brief convo about it.  Taller male, I think wore glasses?  Sorry I didn't catch his name because he was really good.  My only criticism would be that they didn't have enough Four Peaks beer on draft, but, in all fairness- that's me being a beer snob in a place that carries more wine than beer to begin with.  Luckily, I was with a wine expert and just let him order my wine so that was awesome as well.  :). Great new place.  I really keep thinking about the flavors in my mushroom pasta and can't wait to go back!
4	09/29/13I had to wait till Restaurant Week was over to visit and use my expiring Local Dines certificate here.  (Perhaps I'll try CB on a future RW.)  This restaurant has such a great atmosphere-- I would hate to see it close down... I stopped by after work (around 815p), and there were maybe only eight diners there, including me.  :(  I'm sorry to say I forget the server's name, but he was friendly and helpful- another plus.  (I was fortunate to attend a Gatsby-themed event here earlier in the year, and I was very impressed with the welcome and great treatment we were given here.  The atmosphere was very fun, and the open sight lines (open kitchen, bar, wine closets, restroom areas, and design of the restaurant were perfect for the occasion!)  I'd look for him when I visit again, but something tells me that everyone here know how to treat guests well.  I really do hope to see a busier CB in the future!Enough about the atmosphere and service already and let's get to the food!  I decided I'd order the $13 Purple Potato pizza (mozz, gorgonzola, purple potato, leeks, bacon) http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/central-bistro-phoenix-2?select=Q1VQ6HI7G_wLhQ5ghdK08g#Q1VQ6HI7G_wLhQ5ghdK08g, $12 Central Burger (fried shoestring onions, gruyere, and frites) http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/central-bistro-phoenix-2?select=Xb1125wtIn3jpIFzFBfnJg#Xb1125wtIn3jpIFzFBfnJg, and $10 Chocolate Layer Cake. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/central-bistro-phoenix-2?select=eI3Br0fwcAyN1yBk3I1CFA#eI3Br0fwcAyN1yBk3I1CFA  First, I must say that everything I tasted was, yes, amazing!  I believe that this was the second time I've ever had potatoes on a pizza, and as was the case with my first experience, I find potatoes on a pizza to be quite a game-changer!  This pizza was gorgeous-- I loved the colorful impact that the purple potatoes gave to the pizza, and, even more importantly, the foodorgasms I'd fall blissfully into with every violaceous bite! http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/central-bistro-phoenix-2?select=e_DOX2w9XRpbNE6uF3m1ng#e_DOX2w9XRpbNE6uF3m1ng  The gorgonzola and bacon pairing just pushed this pizza over-the-edge... A definite must-try!  (This pizza also reheats very well.)  The burger was also a terrific find-- the patty was cooked to a perfect medium (red center) and very juicy and so flavorful, the gruyere creamy and luscious.  My only complaints were that the onion shoestrings were unnecessary, and the fries were presented in the style of frites, which means if you don't forget to gently slide them out of the receptacle and onto some paper napkins, you'll end up with a soggy mess in under two minutes.  The challah bun was a great pairing, as well.  All in all, two delectable meals.  Speaking of meals, the chocolate layer cake could be three meals by itself!  This six-layer cake was colossal and sat on top of what surprisingly looked and felt like the consistency of room-temperature evaporated milk, and tasted like it, too- a slight disappointment.  A bigger drag was that it was served cold, and therefore not as flavorful as it could've been.  Please don't misunderstand- the few bites I had were appetizing, but not as palatable as the bites of leftovers I had in the days after.  A big win was the dollop of creme fraiche on top, with garnishes of blueberries, sliced strawberries, and mint.  I'd order this again, to come out with the entrees (to allow to warm up to room temp), and share with others.Can't wait to go back for more scrumptious food, maybe some wine, good service, and to enjoy the inviting and beautiful atmosphere!
5	Great food with an outstanding staff and management. Their attention to detail shows in the decor, the service and especially in their food!
4	(Lyrics - Mariah Carey & Miguel - Beautiful)Hop on the front of the barLet the good drinks flow in your mouthWith a menu like that and so I smile so brightOh, you're killing me, you know it ain't fair, yeahRide on through the middle of the nightLet the HH drinks kiss my lipsWhen you cook like that, your service so rightOh, you're killing me, baby do it againThe Central Bistro, and my mind is on the Central BistroAnd I can Yelp cause it means a thing to me, to me, yeahThe Central Bistro, and my mind is on the Central BistroAnd I can Yelp cause it means a thing to me, to me, yeah yeahThe Central Bistro is located offsite from the hectic Biltmore traffic which I can appreciate.  I love coming here I guess that's what I'm trying to say.  Never too crowded and the food is awesome.  I always come for HH or as they like to call it "Social Hour", great drink and food specials and they even do reverse HH or reverse "Social Hour"; whatever!  Never the less, it's sweet!  I love the proscuitto melon pizza here!  Not too cheesy and just the right amount of blend or salty cured meat while the melon mellos it out!  At half price during "Social Hour" -- POW! Give me 2!Drink specials are generally $1 off beers and assortment of small bites.  Perfect for any budget you're coming with.  Again, if you miss our early for Social Hour.  No worries, Central Bistro opens late for reverse Social Hour!  Yah for Social Hour! -- Enjoy!
3	The menu sounds amazing. I was wishing I could taste several things on the menu but, I knew I wouldn't make rent if I did. $9 to add salmon, French Onion soup is $12Try the Power Lunch special or the 1/2 & 1/2 with a salad, soup or sandwich. I had the Kale Salad with Chicken. The Kale was fresh and nicely chopped and the chicken was perfectly seasoned and grilled. Served warm on the greens, just the way I like it. As for the rest of the salad mehh.The cranberries were hard and dry, the feta was too spare to add anything and the walnuts that were suppose to be candied.....were plain. The honey mustard didn't seem to be a good match so I asked for the lemon vinaigrette. Too tart to be edible! I would suggest golden raisins, goat cheese and or some kind of coating on the walnuts spicy-sweet would help. And salad dressings should compliment not compete with the salad. Service, setting and decor are spot on!
4	This place has an amazing daily happy hour that features $1 oysters, $5 house wine, and half price small plates, which include deliciousness like beef tartar and grilled artichoke.  Basically, rich people food without rich people prices, which I am all about.I probably wouldn't come here during non-happy hour unless it was a special occasion.  The restaurant itself is beautiful with an open floorplan and wall to ceiling windows that can open which essentially puts the whole restaurant on a gigantic patio, perfect for when the weather is like this.The only issue I had with the service was they put Lance and I at the smallest table in the world, during Happy Hour when they have half price small plates (and $1 oysters which we all know the monstrosity of tableware that oysters require).  I get that there were only two of us, and our server tried to time the dishes to we didn't get everything at once, but we definitely needed some real estate.I'd definitely recommend their happy hour for when you want to live large on a small budget (and at a small table).
5	This place lived up to all my expectations! I came with a group for lunch and we started off with two orders of the Drunken Bread. It was excellent but definitely rich because of the swiss fondue. I ordered the Ariabatta pasta,  which was excellent! It was definitely spicy but I was expecting that going in,  but I wouldn't recommend this dish to anyone who doesn't like a medium amount of heat. Service and decor was spot on. Looking forward to trying it for dinner!
2	Went with friends and the service was attentive and the food tasty.  One of our party had an allergic reaction to something she was served - enough so that one of went to the CVS nearby and retrieved some antihistamine.  when we asked for a list of ingredients we were assured that we would be contacted but 3 follow up attempts have resulted in nothing.  Not sure if they think we're trying to steal their cooking secrets or what.  Kind of a sidebar story but it did put a bit of a damper on our impression of how the place is run.
5	The place is great, service wonderful, the food was delicious!!!! It's a great place to have a family dinner we will definitely come  back with our families.
3	LOVE THE $1 HH OYSTERS!!!!That said, I thought the white sangria tasted too much like the syrup in canned peaches.  The frutti del mar was definitely not the best I ever had and what made it really bad was the thick spaghetti type of pasta it was on - almost as thick as an udon noodle.  Not a great choice.  The drunken bread was not very good, maybe it would be better with a tomato sauce to balance it out or something but the alcohol in it was really harsh and the cheese just made it goopy, though the cheese was good.    All in all, the prices seem a bit high for a product that's not perfect.  I would explore the happy hour specials but don't hope for much beyond that.
5	Amazing food, service, ambiance, as well as gluten free knowledge and options. Highly recommend! I will likely become a regular!
1	Spent our New Years Eve with Central Bistro.  The service was the worst we have had in years, waiter not only rude, not knowledgable about what was on the menu.Will never go back or to any other concept by this company.
4	This place is quickly becoming my favorite neighborhood place. The first time I ate here, my son & I went for brunch. When our waiter learned it was our first visit, he told the manager, who brought us a delicious complimentary dessert. Smart move: I've been back several times, and each time gets better. My favorites: chicken risotto, roasted artichoke hearts (incredibly smoky flavor), cheese boards (with frozen grapes!), any of the eggs benedict for brunch and, of course, their wine list.My only complaint is the noise level. I'm pushing 50, so the hearing is just starting to go. If it's nice out, opt for outside where the cacophony  of the bar area doesn't drown out your conversations.  Ok, I have another complaint - the parking sucks and their valet is hit and miss. My husband and I ate here on New Years Eve, and I was wearing heels - didn't want to hike across Safeway's parking lot - and they had no valet service. However ... the food, wine list and service are worth the walk ...
5	I love Central Bistro! The ambiance is relaxing and never fails to boost my mood. It is an open environment where I can watch the game and listen to live music--whilst taking my taste buds on a wild ride. When the music isn't live, it is usually nostalgic '90s alternative, which adds to the aesthetically-pleasing decor and layout of the place.Though I have only eaten there for brunch, I hear from my colleagues that the dinner is amazing. When brunching there, always get the donuts as an appetizer--you won't regret it. The steak and eggs and the chicken and waffles are also food of the gods.Always swimming the extra mile, the service is immaculate! There is this super cool, skinny, blond dude that is really good at waiting on his section and makes everyone smile. This one waitress was also fantastically humorous. Class. That's all I can say. Tl; dr: Excellent servers, fabulous music, great brunch.
5	Wow.  What an experience!  Brittani and Brandon were wonderfully gracious.They recently changed the dinner menu over the past week.  So if you tried it before, didn't like it and want something different - then you must GO and try their newer options.  They still have items like Oysters, but they amped up their dinner menu.  The cheese boards as appetizers are delish.  She had the wedge salad, I had the Caesars which were both so overwhelmingly tasty.For dinner she had the Filet with the Foie Gras.  I opted for a seafood black linguini pasta.  For dessert we shared a key lime pie.  We had no complaints.   Everything was perfect and absolutely over the top delicious. If you are looking for a great restaurant, with awesome food and ambiance - then this is the place.  Rumor has it they are opening up a Thai/Mexican themed restaurant elsewhere and we can't wait to find that gem too!
3	Food and service certainly good BUT the noise level is atrocious.  Sat with 2 others at a 4 top and could barely hear one another unless we yelled.  That put a damper on the evening.  Speaking of which, were the owner to put some sort of acoustic damper on the ceiling, I'd go back.  Sit outside if you actually want to speak to others at your table
5	Can't speak for dinner, have only been here for social hour and bruch. But, divine pizzas (better than Bianco), with inventive toppings like emulsified balsamic vinegar with melon and proscuitto. Great articokes when in season and a very tasty (and potent) apple martini. Great design. Nice bar. A bit of a big city feel that makes you forget you are in Phx.  Very good stuffed french toast for brunch, but omelete was just so-so.
4	Went to this restaurant for the first time on Valentine's Day.  Needless to say it was super busy when we arrived early for our reservation, however the bar service was incredibly speedy and friendly, and there is a nice outdoor waiting area with sofas and heaters.  When we did get seated, we were in the more casual bar side versus the dining room, but that did not detract from our experience.  Yes, it was a bit louder than the other side would have been, but I still felt like I had a wonderful intimate experience with my love.  Our server was extremely pleasant and helpful, and even though we were obligated to order off the prix fixe menu due to the holiday, there were great options and everything we ordered was absolutely delicious.  The portions were a tad on the smaller side, but because we had 4 courses, it was the perfect amount of food for the evening.I will absolutely go back, and look forward to experiencing the full menu!
4	This was my third time here...I don't recall much about my first two visits but this meal was exceptional. They have improved in everything from service, menu items, to recipes. I highly recommend the French onion soup and the steak frites. The kids menu is great -your kids will love the pizza and pasta options plus they eat for free before 6:00 during the week .
4	I'm a fan of the brunch here. Of course, hard not to be with $15 bottomless mimosas! Always like to indulge with an order of the donuts for the table and think it's awesome you can get a "flight" of eggs benedict, though I've decided the proscuitto is my favorite.
5	great place for dinner and I love being able to sit on the patio as the day winds down.  As good as their food and service is, I wanted to extend kudos to them for a problem I had.  My credit card showed up with an erroneous charge, and when I called, they investigated and made sure they handled it to my satisfaction.  Nice to have a place that has good food & wine, and is very customer-oriented in every detail !
3	Went back last night to sit outside during this heavenly weather.  The place was packed at 4 PM and just as loud, even outside.  We each had a couple of drinks and the asparagus, artichoke, and calimari sides .  Although everything was good,  this place can benefit from better HH pricing and service.  Our server couldn't make any recommendations about the wine or drinks when I asked about specific ingredients such as citrus and wasn't helpful with my friend's wine questions either.  As far as pricing goes, daily specials may help there.  The calimari was ok, the asparagus & artichoke were stellar, and the aeoli was heavenly.  I really want to love this place but the prices have to get a LOT better before I go back
5	Went for lunch. I liked the open atmosphere in this place. The tables are set well enough apart to allow privacy. Good menu selection including many gluten free choices. I had a delicious prime rib sandwich.The service was attentive. I shall return.
5	My husband and I had dinner here for the first time for our anniversary and all I can say is AMAZING!  The food was delicious and the service was impressive.  We had the asparagus with egg and the cheeseboard for starters - so good.  For our entrees, I had mac-n-cheese with chicken and chorizo and my husband had the scallops risotto and everything was perfect.  The manager even came over early and gave us a glass of champagne for our special night and our server was very personable and knew the menu well.  I will definitely be going back soon!
5	This week marked my first (and second) visits to Central Bistro.  After a friend suggested it as a happy hour spot, I drove over to meet her and was welcomed by a smiling staff.  We were seated near the open air patio and water was poured immediately.  They left a bottle on the table so we cod refill as needed, though the attentive staff made sure I never had to do this myself.This started off a great evening and alleviated my concerns after a few less than ideal reviews from other friends.  We all ordered the Margarita pizza, half price til 6 and thoroughly enjoyed it.  The fresh burrata in the center elevated the pizza and was a treat.  One friend ordered vodka tonic and was surprised at the generous pour.  I had prosecco and ordered a second glass since it was so yummy and refreshing.After the server learned that it was our first time at the restaurant, he had the manager stop by to say hello and we received a complimentary vanilla bean panna cotta.  The vanilla flavor was epic.  The server was pleasant and informed us about the upcoming #Driven2Dine event that Lincoln was hosting and offered to let us make reservations for a complimentary 3 course dinner if we tested out the new car.  I asked for the catch and was pleasantly surprised to find out that it was actually a great deal.I happily returned, drove the Lincoln and feasted on an Arugala salad, Branzino and key lime pie.I will definitely be back and will refer friends here for future meals and happy hours!
4	Went to the soft open and loved the experience! Great portions, excellent atmosphere, knowledgable wait staff, beautiful space! Had the wood fired octopus ( perfectly cooked and seasoned) and the lobster Mac n cheese ( I died and went to heaven)! I'll be back!
3	We went there earlier this week for our wedding anniversary. When we arrived, I wondered why we never noticed the restaurant before. it is right across from our favorite dessert place, The Gelato Spot. We were seated immediately, and were soon greeted by our servers. So far, so good. After perusing the menu, we started with drinks and the drunk bread. The menu described the appetizer as a swiss fondue with white wine and day old, crusty bread. To be honest, I thought it seemed more like cheesy bread you'd get at a pizza place. Sometime between our appetizers and dinner our service took a turn. A couple sat down next to us on the patio, and appeared to know the manager and staff. They all doted over them, and gave us "so so" service by comparison. For instance, they attentively checked on them and chatted ever few minutes, and would stop by our table one out of every eight times they spent with the other table. What made it that much more  noticeable, was just how close our table was to theirs. When our dinner arrived, it was really quite good. I had the wood roasted half chicken and my husband had the New York strip. My meal was $19, and a ridiculously large portion. My husband's meal, was slightly more, at $32, but still well worth the money.By the time our meal was over, we had every intention of ordering dessert.   But by the time we finished looking over the dessert menu, service had become so slow by that point we took a pass  and went to the Gelato Spot. All in all, the food was good for a fair price. I noticed they had happy hour and weekend specials as well. I guess, being that it was our wedding anniversary my expectations were high, which made our "meh" service that much less acceptable to me. Our total experience was good enough that we plan on returning for the food.
1	Noisy bar not for dining
5	I have now dined at Central bistro 2 times for the Brunch menu on the weekends and 4 times for dinner in the evening. Every time I have gone in I always try something different off the menu. First off, the restaurant has a beautifully open layout concept from the high ceilings to the marble tables throughout. The hostesses always greet you professionally. I have had up to 4 different servers here and they definitely know their info on the menu items and the cocktails. one of the most in depth cocktail was their lemoncello sour, a spin off on the whiskey sour and the server even went into detail about how the chef prepares the lemoncello he also brought out a few extra italian black cherries that are garnished with the drink and showed us this 80$ jar of cherries. I absolutely LOVE their Brunch menu most off all because i am a brunch fanatic. The eggs Benedict and the Chicken n Waffles are all to DIE FOR. I Highly recommend this restaurant if you want a beautiful place to hang out with excellent service and food.
5	We were graced with having Chris as our server, I would like to say he is more like a tour guide.  Not only was he very well versed in the menu, he was a gem to talk with through out the evening.  We had the seafood tower to start, and we had the "small" one. Holy Cow it was HUGE!  Some of the best sea food I've had outside of the islands.  We also enjoyed the truffle frites as a "small plate" and it was huge as well.  We finessed with dessert.  We never made it to the entrees because we were so full.  The cocktails are great, nice wine list.  Super friendly staff.  I would come back to Phoenix just to dine here.
3	Things I loved, things I didn't love.  I guess I'm at a solid 3.499999 on this one.Although I only had one mimosa (I was still on the New Year's diet resolution), the $15 bottomless deal would be the way to go.  The servers were all over that, making sure no one's glass was ever empty, and we had a rather large party.  No waiting for what seems an eternity, only to finally have to flag someone down, and then wait another 15 minutes past eternity to actually receive a second.  By the time you would get to a 3rd, you've needed a shower and two costume changes.The "flight" of eggs benedict is pretty cool, but only if you want three.  Instead I ordered the crab, my dear wiser friend, the prosciutto.  The prosciutto was really good.  The crab, not so good in my book.  The "jumbo lump" crab meat was anything but.  It had more the texture and flavor of a pressed fish patty, rather than a crab cake which would have been fine.  I ended up taking the "crab" off and eating the rest.But overall, I liked it, just not loving it.  Maybe another visit is in order judging by the reviews.
5	Chicken and waffles...spot on amazing. Add a Bloody Mary and you're in for a happy Sunday. Strong work!
4	Food is great.  Service was very slow.  I would recommend it but only if you are not in a rush for any reason.
3	This place I was really excited for! I was told it was really good so I came in with high expectations. For appetizer we had the cheese and meat platter which was good. The wait or kept our water glasses filled. I got the steak frites. I am a big steak Eater so I was so ready to dig in. The steak was relatively small, which usually doesn't bother me because usually the taste makes up for it. But i could not really taste the steak because there was so much salt. The French fries were exceptionally good. If you ask for it with less salt I'm sure it would be awesome.
5	Great looking restaurant! The difference between other buildings catches the eye of a driver in passing. Had Heirloom Tomato Salad, Tuna Tart Tare, Local Burrata, Central Mac and Cheese, Cool Roasted Beets, and Thai Steak Salad. Everything tasted delicious and had somewhat of a "refreshing" taste as well! Talented chef for sure! Definitely would return!
5	Summer Sangria... Delicious!! Peanut Butter & Banana stuffed French toast... To die for!! 3 big TV's in the bar area... If I lived closer, I'd be here all the time.
3	We eat here a LOT. We love this place and in fact it has become our "go to" place with friends. Tonight I took my son there with his kids as our treat for fathers day. Now granted we were seated in the bar and I should have said  I wanted the dining room but holy crap was the music up loud. And no I'm not THAT old... yet. Even people around us were commenting it was too loud to have a conversation at the table. The food was spectacular as usual. Just would have been nice to hear myself think. It won't keep me away but I'll be sure to ask for the dining room next time. Just a little disappointed this time.
5	I really really enjoy this place!! But, I'm going to agree with a few other folks on 1 issue... Why is the music so damn loud in the bar?? Anyway, drinks are tasty and I love their "Social Hour" from 2-6 pm. Will definitely be going back to this place!
5	We stopped in here for a bite after the USA soccer game. I've passed by this location many times and was happy to go in and finally try it out. We ordered the crab/guacamole appetizer and I had the scallop rissoto for the main course. Wow wow wow! Everything ordered was on point and cooked to perfection. The crab was so fresh too. I will definitely be back here very soon. The next thing I will order will be the black linguini with shrimp! Can't wait!
5	We had an excellent experience at Central Bistro. Our server, Danielle, recommended a fabulous Pinot Noir that was very reasonably priced and that set the mood for a great evening. Danielle was fantastic by the way!The scallop risotto & macaroni were fantastic. But we fell in love with the housemate salumi patte and when we inquired about it, the chef himself came out! What an incredible & personable treat that was. All in all, this experience was a dining endeavor I'd like to relive again and again.
4	Food here is amazing! My friend and I came on a Sat night and had some cocktails and split a bunch of apps.  Everything was delicious.  Service was spot on and ambience was great.  Will def come back!
5	First time here. Everything was delish! They even gave us sour dough bread and a decadent dessert. The iced tea was probably the best ice had anywhere, which may sound silly, but if a restaurant can't do the simple things well, why try anything else. This place does it all right.
4	I was in last Wednesday.  We had a delightful evening.  I was surprised at how good the food was.  Considering the location in a strip mall, I didn't have high expectations.  The service was great.  Our waitress was very attentive.  I ordered the scallop risotto.  I thought it was absolutely delicious.  The scallops were perfectly cook.  My husband ordered the pasta bolognese and the pasta was cooked perfectly al dente.  My niece had the steak salad and it was also delicious.  The low point of the meal was desert, the beignets were a bit hard.  I prefer mine to be a bit more delicate.  Overall the experience was good and we will be back.
4	Happy Hour is *delightful* here. (2-6 daily, ALL day Monday). A spiffed up after work crowd sprinkles in, spilling over to bar area tables, creating a great vibe. They're running a crazy HH special where oysters are $1.Again, ONE DOLLAR.I was already sold on this gem of a place. The wacky pricing just sealed the deal. Note: Oysters must be ordered by the 1/2 dozen. The oysters are delicious. My friend's pizza looked heavenly. (Sadly, I had eaten earlier and couldn't stuff another morsel in.) Central Bistro calls HH "Social Hour". It's spot on with the ambiance and space. I'd hurry in if a barstool is important as this place fills up! Don't fret tho. You can nab a 4-top and still feel in the know. The vodka drink of the day (Mandarin blossom, citron, and kaffir lime) was refreshingly light. The followup beer I enjoyed (go ahead, judge) was equally divine.This is a 4 star review instead of 5. Our bartender seemed....indifferent to our existence. Even though there were four of us (right in the middle of the bar) we resorted to waiving our arms. However, Brendan made us feel welcome.  And did I mention the oysters?Right. Get some!
4	12 for a mid-afternoon happy hour. Great service as our gracious waiter happily accommodated our dysfunctional group dynamics. Wow-beautiful oysters ($1 ea wouldn't even cover gas to get to the ER if I tried to shuck and plate them so well myself!) smoked mozzarella with diced tomatoes and a Bellini were a delectable trio. Companions enjoyed the half-price pizzas, artichoke fritters and more. (2-6 and all day Monday)Also went here for a low-key lunch. Delicious salads and panini. The transformation from a dark Japanese restaurant to an open, shiny marble, glass, wood and wine space was a great transition.
4	We were very satisfied with our food. My dad hates cheese and was happy that they don't put cheese on anything automatically. The burger was great and they split it on two plates so we could share. Nice ambiance and mood lighting. I wouldn't say it is 2 $, I would say it is 3 $. Most dishes over $15.
4	Enjoyed a very tasty lunch at Central Bistro.   Place was clean, staff was quick , courteous and friendly.    The "Cubano" sandwich was delicious, along with the truffle fries... only better topped off by the red cherry bellini.... I will definitely be back
4	In town for the weekend and recommended by friends from back in wa state  to stop in...  We were so glad we did! Everything from the moment we walked in worked wonderfully. Our waitress was phenomenal and sweet  with our kids. The food was EXCELLENT , prices very fair and atmosphere was perfect. You guys need to go. Seriously, you live here. Go. I want one back home Washington!!!! Thanks for a great night CB!
5	From decor to dessert this restaurant is firing on all cylinders.  Food was great and Sam our server and Brittani the GM made our first brunch experience unforgettable. We tried the 3 pigs omelette which can only be compared to a molten cheese, and bacon filled cloud.  The California breakfast sandwich complete with roasted fingerling potatoes that is second to no breakfast sandwich.  Also, bottomless mimosas that are reason enough to spend both brunches of your weekend there.Get in here!
5	Went for brunch and the staff was super friendly, food was excellent.  The French press coffee(with real cream), fresh pressed orange juice(which is so hard to find in this city), mimosa, ham and egg croissant sandwich, everything was great!  Probably one of my newest favorite brunch places.  :-)
4	Great food and drinks.  The staff is knowledgeable and friendly.  I am going back
5	We had great food, fun music, and great service.  I had the corn pancakes with blueberries, and a cup of coffee.  I was so happy....and the people with me were happy with their breakfast orders as well.  The music was nice in a Flight of the Conchords sort of way..but not as funny...just nice.  Admittedly, I went there because the Henry was tooooo full and a total zoo.  'So glad I did.
4	Shorter version: Good service. Good food. A little on the spendy side especially for lunch. Get the drunk bread with prosciutto. Looks terrible but tastes awesome. Longer version: Came here for lunch with some work people. We had a reservation since there were 8 of us. I got the wild mushroom pasta and it was tasty. They definitely didn't cheap out on the mushrooms. It had a hint of truffle flavor and it was creamy. Maybe inly slightly too heavy. But I was actually full from shoveling the drunk bread into my gullet as the 7 others stared at me. Id literally go there and just order two and make it my entree. At least, if it wasn't so looked down upon, I would. I might anyways. I'll let you know how it goes. Anyways, service was solid. Can't remember if they've done this in my previous visits, but they gave us desserts on the house at the end and said it was for the first timers in our group.
4	I had HH here with Irene V., Anna M., and Dave H.- they all had the oysters and loved it. I had their arugula sausage pizza and also loved it. Anna M. loved her orange vodka drink as did the others. I had water and was not given the side slay glare- in fact the bar tender was very nice and kept my water glass full. Seems like a popular after work business people crowd. Love the location a bit out of my hood but worth the drive for the HH and to hang & chat with some of my Yelp friends!
5	This is my husband & my first time. Amazing! I had the scallop risotto. It was cooked perfect. We got the bread pudding for dessert which was so yummy & sweet. For first time, they also give you a sample dessert. The manager came out to check on us & our server was so friendly. Will definitely be back.
5	Had lunch today at central bistro. Ate at the bar and had the chicken pesto pizza. Great tasting crust. Really well made.  Very tasty. Hurley at the bar was helpful and welcoming. When he found out that I was a new customer (hadn't been there since it changed from Zen 32), I ended up with a complimentary dessert. Service is very important and anywhere that can make you feel welcome and like you are among friends gets my vote. The main thing is that the food is top notch but the great people makes a 5 star rating a no brainer. Very good central bistro!  Oh and did I mention that I'm a chef?
5	Love the ambiance here. Lots of natural light, open space... Went for brunch and got the mimosa. Took a while because they had to squeeze the oranges #fresh! Everything looked super yummy. I got the superfood salad which was a little heavy on the dressing, but still great. I am going to get the crab benny next time for sure. The waitress was nice, smiley, prompt, and helpful. The live music was charming.
3	Entrees were pretty good, but the reason for the three star review was the charcuterie board.  White cheddar and brie...really?  Plus the meats reminded me of a cheap subway cold cut.  Not worth the $16 price tag.  Hanger steak and salmon were both decent.
5	This is a great upscale casual restaurant.  Wide variety of food so there is something for everyone. Good wine selection. Cheese board is fantastic.  Professional staff.
4	Lunch today and it was very pleasant with the open air set-up. Very pleasant ambiance and friendly service.Lots of interesting items on the menu but we tried salads.  Tasty and fresh but next time I would say dressing on the Side!  Salmon Cobb is GOOD but definitely next time I would skip ranch and get vinaigrette (on the side as previously mentioned!!)Close to work.  Get your fresh air/sunlight fix. Definitely would love HH here with the patio seating.
5	Very good food, very good wait staff, including Chris the manager and Hurley (yes like the clothing line) the bartender. Must MUST come and try if you haven't tried. This is my first time here and I sure will be back!
4	I frequent here about 2-3 times per week and I'm obviously a fan:) I love the customer services and relaxed open atmosphere. Brunch and dinner are both great. Happy Hour is a must try with a variety of food choice and drinks and very reasonable prices. They began a new menu this past Monday that I'm really looking forward to try and they've kept some great item from their previous menu as well. There is a dining area and also a bar area. It's great for a happy hour crowd and also a families. ENJOY!
4	I haven't been here for a year or two.  We always drive by, and the first time I was there is was really good but for some reason we just never made it back. Wait, now I remember, it is the tough to find parking.Well we popped by to see if they were busy yesterday and we got a parking spot right on front (what do you know).  We sat in the bar area and I have to tell you, this is a hidden gem in Phoenix.  Well not exactly hidden as it has a great corner property facing out toward Camelback, but I mean hidden as in you need to go check it out. The service was TOP NOTCH (Hillstone caliber which is always my benchmark), but I have to tell you I think Central Bistro is right there.The one downside, I ordered the thai steak salad, I have to say I didn't LOVE IT (if I would have loved it I would have dished out the FIVE STAR DADDY).  It was good but not great.  The bread and cheese dish there however is AMAZEBALLS and I will be back soon to try a few more things on the menu.Its a very classy place and one I will bring my future business clients to.Well done!!
5	Always a winner. Went for brunch yesterday...Great atmosphere (Live music), great food and wonderful service.You can never go wrong...lunch, dinner or brunch.You will see me soon again!Thanks.
5	We held a mixer there last night and can say that the service, all the way around, was great!  The service staff ensured that everyone was taken care of.   Everyone was friendly, service was fast, and food was awesome.  We look forward to hosting an event again there next month.
5	Amazing food, great wine list, exceptional service!! We made reservations to celebrate our wedding anniversary and had one of the best dining experience ever! Food was awesome, drunk bread was great and our pizza was on point.Our server was extremely friendly and super helpful. I wasn't sure what kind of wine I wanted and she gave me a couple tastings until we found the right one. She was great throughout the night. The manager welcomed us with sparkling wine and kept coming back to check on us to make sure everything was good.Food came out fast, their pumpkin cheesecake is to die for! Great ambiance and atmosphere.
5	Amazing happy hour.  You can gorge yourself on wine and cocktails, oysters, drunken bread, grilled artichokes and even truffle mushroom pizza for next to nothing.  It's my new favorite happy hour spot.
4	Went for the first time on Sunday and I was pleasantly surprised. Stephanie was so knowledgable and everything she recommended was exactly perfect...plus she was so nice and attentive. The risotto with scallops was simply amazing.  I cannot wait to go again although, I should...
1	Ordered an eggs Benedict, the chefs forgot the English muffin. Waiter then forgot to bring out the English muffin for 20 minutes. Had to ask the staff to check on the English muffin and had a side of toast brought instead... Was there at a slow time of day, shocked by service here and no apology given the entire time.
5	Love this place! Started going to Local Bistro in North Scottsdale a couple years ago but only recently made it to Central Bistro. The menu is absolutely fabulous and the service is wonderful. I've tried many of their dishes but one of my favorites is the Black Linguini. One of the Managers at Central, Chris, always takes good of us when we come in.
5	Went for a business lunch. Great place, fresh atmosphere. I ordered the steak salad. It was okay but my colleague ordered the mushroom risotto and I had major food envy! I tried it and it was delicious! I'm getting that next time! We also ordered the drunken bread, which was awesome but not a good choice if you are on any kind of diet!
5	Excellent. Simply excellent. I came here with a large group and tried a little bit of everything. The chicken and waffles were piled high with thick and flavorful chicken and REAL maple syrup. I also tried the breakfast sandwich and French toast. The French toast is literally a small loaf of bread. Everything this restaurant makes comes from scratch and is done to the absolute max. The ambiance was good on a Sunday morning with very clean architecture and live music. The staff is friendly and young. My only complaint was that the sunlight was very hot shining through the windows--a cheap shade would fix that! Definitely worth the stop!
3	This group of restaurants rarely donate to local schools, charities etc, so I rarely visit it, but I visit when it is convenient to my friends.  This restaurant has pricey good food, but they always treat me strangely when I am there.  It's like if you are not a regular, you are disposable.  When I spend that kind of money, I don't want to be rushed by server b/c it is 10 p.m.   I also want the last piece or prosciutto on the board-- so stop trying to bus it every four minutes.
4	We were really impressed with the food at Central Bistro.  As so many others have commented, the drunk bread is an excellent starter -- definitely get it with the prosciutto for an extra kick of flavor. We also had a perfectly cooked, juicy delicious burger and a wonderful pizza. The pizza was one if the best we've had in Phoenix -- charred crust with crunch but also chewy, really good sausage and spicy salami. There's a nice ambience at Central Bistro and they have an excellent wine selection. The Orin Swift Abstract is a very good red blend that we highly recommend.
5	Update: have been back several times for happy hour and it never fails to make us happy! Tried everything on the HH menu to our delight. They will even take a reservation for a large party.
5	One of my favs in the valley. Breakfast, lunch or dinner this place brings its A game! This place is a must try. The scallops and risotto are everything!
5	I have gone here twice with a friend for brunch. The food was amazing! The stuffed french toast was fluffy, and stuffed with mascarpone. It comes with a peanut butter sauce and bananas. I opted out of the bananas but it was a beautiful presentation as well as a great atmosphere. There are two gents who sing and remix music. It is by far one of the best places for brunch in Arizona!
