1	Well, the good thing about this place is it was clean and the two people working were friendly. The food was horrible. We ordered mozzerella sticks which came out completely burnt, and I mean black burnt. The bbq wings had a good smokey flavor to them, but they were also burnt. The calzones were bland and hard, filled mostly with cheese and not many of the other ingredients. For the price paid for the food I would have expected something of a higher quality and was very disappointed.
5	I don't understand the other review (below). For over 10 year all the family Plaermos pizza places have been my favorite! I'm from New Jersey just outside NYC and grew up on thin New York Style pizza. I can say that of all the places I've tried this is the most authentic and delicious. The Sicillian style is also exactly as it's supposed to be.Appetizers, salads and beers have also always been good. Alway friendly service.
5	This pizza is as god as it gets. it is different from all other corporate chain pizza places. It tastes like pizza straight from italy! The slices are huggeeeeeee! the cheese they use is so much milkier than any other pizza place. the wings are to die for! they use really tangy sauce so they taste differnt as well. the establishment looks a bit dirty but its a hole in the wall and thye usually serve the best food!
1	I ordered a medium pepperoni and mushroom pizza for carry out. It was done on time, however, they used canned mushrooms and ruined a promising pizza. The pizza also had a salty taste, was very dry and cost $14.21, which is the most I've paid for a 2-topping medium pizza in a long time. And good luck getting any menu info on the web-site. Click on appetizers and it brings up salads. No prices are listed and no pictures of the food except cover-shots on the hone page.I had a bad feeling about it when I placed my order and I couldn't understand the person on the phone. It sounded like they answered saying 'hello' and I had to confirm this was Palermo's Pizza. I told them what I wanted and they said 'ok bye' and then realized they hadn't got my phone number and asked for it. Then said 'ok bye' again without telling me how long it would take. So I asked 20-30 minutes? They said 'yes. ok bye.'I figured it must have been busy. I went in to pick up my pizza and there were only 4 customers in the place with 2 visible employees. Its ironic that I paid extra for an added topping (mushrooms) that not only cost me more, but ruined the pizza. Whatever amount of money they are saving using canned ingredients instead of fresh, they just lost 100x fold in my future business. I'll be looking elsewhere for a true New York style pizza. This isn't it.
1	This place USED to have amazing Pizza. I guess they are under new management now and the food sucks! The pizza came to to my house cold and it seemed as if they put a lot of cheese on a round semi cooked piece of bread. I've had better pizza for a better price at Dominos.
1	Can you say greasy! Wow!!!! I could have filled a red solo cup with the amount of grease on this pizza. We couldn't even stomach trying the pizza that we got from here. It very well could be awesome tasting pizza, but the grease!! We ended up throwing the pizza out and getting hotdogs instead.
5	I love to come here for pizza and wings. Watch sports on TV. They just renovated as well.
5	New bar, great new additions to the menu. I live around 67th and Buckeye and it was worth the trip.
5	I love this pizza & wings come here with my brother all the tine. Fresh pizza dough made by the owner. Pizza and wing combo is the way to go.
