5	To Thomas and my other vagiphobes, stop reading NOW.To my lady friends, I had a great first experience with the staff here. Making an appointment was easy and they even took my (only for the moment) crap insurance. I was seen at the actual time of my appointment by Rose, my sweet older nurse practitioner. She took her time asking questions and did a mini physical along with the usual WWE. Everything was as comfortable and pleasant as it could be. She gave me a free 3-month supply of my birth control when I mentioned that my current insurance did not cover this type (the 4 periods a year Seasonale and its more recent incarnation Seasonique). We gotta do this, so it may as well not be icky. Don't hesitate to make your next appointment at Woman to Woman (where no men work, naturally). They also seem quite concerned with blood work, checking hormone, insulin, and thyroid levels, being sensitive to subtleties that might not concern your PCP.
1	I'm sad to have to so severely dock one of my ROTD reviews, but the lack of service I am currently experiencing is threatening my health. I am in a phase 3 clinical trial of an oral medication for Multiple Sclerosis, and MUST be on an approved birth control pill in order to remain in the trial. Over the last 3 weeks I have repeatedly called Woman To Woman and have asked that my nurse practitioner call in a prescription for my old pill, as the newer version of the same is no longer covered by my insurance. I can't and won't pay $180. Every time I call, the front desk has assured me that the NP will call it in to my Walgreens, the location and phone number of which I have given them each time. She has never called it in, and now I have had to resort to asking my neurologist to call a prescription in, since my gynecologist can't be bothered apparently. Unbelievable.
4	The only reason I'm giving this 4 stars instead of 5 is that the line is usually so busy that it's hard to get through.I'm postmenopasal and have seen physicians assistants Luba and Rose for years.  They're wonderful!  Very caring, sweet, and thorough.
5	I routinely see Luba, the Nurse Practicioner and she is wonderful. The staff is knowledgeable, friendly and easy to talk to. In addition to covering my OB/GYN needs they serve as my PCP. I get all of my prescriptions (including refills) through them and they have never let me down. Having had to wait as long as a month in other places to see a health care specialist, I'm happy to say I can get in to Women to Women in a couple of days typically. Which is extremely convenient for reasons that shouldn't need explaining. I have never gone into this office feeling like I was an inconvenience or a burden of any kind, and with Endometriosis, PTSD and Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease that's a rare gift. They've gone above and beyond by telling me when and if an appointment will be covered by insurance, Even postponing appointments to prevent me from being liable for the costs of routine medical care. I can't say enough nice things about Woman to Woman and their staff. (even though they do have one or two males on it, contrary to what Kerstin claimed.) In the two years that I've been their patient I have never had a problem with their service.
