5	Finally...my peeps have made it to Las Vegas. Rani's World Foods is an Indian Grocery Store/Chaat Stand that can hold it's own against the mega stores in California and Texas. This store has an amazing array of Indian groceries, frozen foods, produce and to kick it up a notch, they even offer Chaat (Indian snacks) that are served up in their in-house kitchen. We had gone for their opening today and it was a zoo...way too many people and the lines to check out were 20/30 minutes long. But...I had to oppurtunity to peruse their aisles and these guys have everything an Indian cook/home may need or want. Pickles, multiple lentil varieties, exotic Indian vegetables, flour, spices...everything was perfectly laid out and easy to find. This store is definitely bigger than any other Indian store in Las Vegas. It's well-lit, well-organized and well-stocked. The trifecta. Bonus points to them for their frozen food selections which were not unnecessarily marked up in price - something that the other Indian grocery stores seem to be doing that I frown upon. Gopal's for example, crosses out the manufacturer's suggested price sticker and charges a dollar or two more. These guys don't (at least not yet). I haven't had a chance to taste their Chaat offerings as today was free food for all and so the lines were out of control. I hope to have a follow up report some time soon. An Indian store in Las Vegas that rivals Wal Mart. Wow...never thought I'd live to see this day :)
5	This was a little tricky to find, as I visited at night and their sign was not lit up.  Even during the day, I pass this all the time and have never seen it - it was only by the good grace of Yelp that I heard of Rani's at all.This is a very clean, spacious and modern Indian market.  They are well-stocked with all of the usual things (spices, pulses, frozen foods, pickles, biscuits, etc).  Their produce section is inviting and well laid out with those little water sprayers above that keep the vegetables fresh.  There's also a deli counter with hot snacks and sweets, attended by very sweet ladies who also prepare all the foods.  The veg pakoras were really nice, also the besan ka ladoo (a subtle sweet flavored by cashew, so yummy!).  Finally, it was satisfying to see the modern cash register with its big screen where you can keep tabs on all of the prices as they ring up.  It irks me in other small markets where you just kind of have to trust the cashier to not make mistakes.  A big thank you to my fellow Yelpers for helping me find this great place!
5	The place is clean and very organized and it was nice to be able to find everything we needed easily...They also have serve food...different types of chaat and other snacks as well as mithai....The lady running the food section  is extremely sweet and welcoming..we went to order bhel puri and she offered us pakoras from a fresh hot batch she had just fried. I should never go to the grocery store when hungry cause I ended up also ordering a samosa chat. The portions are huge and I was full after eating some of the bhel! Also, they have free tea which is great..I was also impressed with their customer orientation...the guy at the cash register mentioned alternatives to some stuff we had bought. He even replaced a cauliflower we had chosen stating that it didn't look very good...I will definitely go again even though its a distance from home.
5	First off, read my review for New India Market, which is in the next complex over. Now come back to Rani's World Foods. Yeah. The difference is ridiculous.This store is much larger! Cleaner! The staff is much nicer! The selection of products is better! Most importantly, the pricing is always consistent!The prices don't constantly change, and almost everything is clearly marked with a price tag. The price isn't up to the person at the cash register at that very moment. Everyone pays the same price.Also, they have fresh food as well, and it is amazing!! Plenty of shopping carts, so you can load up on all your Indian groceries, produce and whatnots. You'll be on your merry way in no time at all.Great selection of Indian prayer items, teas, spices, pots, pans and the like. Also, if you like marmite, vegemite or any of that stuff....you can get it here.Hop to it!
5	What is a better way to shop than drinking free tea?Don't sit here and read my review, do yourself the favor of jumping in the car and going over there to see what it's all about.The people that run the store (sorry I forgot the guys name) and the mom/grandmom esk Indian woman in the back cooking Samosas just totally embody what we are all looking for when we walk into a place for the first time. Try this, taste that, have a cup of tea dear.Bring your friends, bring your family, grab a cart and go on an excursion. Take your time, this place is sweet and so are the people running it.
5	My knowledge of Indian foods is unfortunatly minimal, I have to confess. But, i've been wanting to learn more, getting a few cookbooks and familiar with things I want to try. A -total- novice; but with Rani's World Foods, i'm -well- on my way to being an expert!Yes, this place is CLEAN, bright, inviting and OMG...When you walk into the front doors, the intoxicating smell of exotic spices and deliciousness just hit you like a brick wall! I was in love! The spice selection totally floored me, I mean...I'd only read about asfodita, and now I know where to buy it! I want to be a bit different than all the other glowing posts Rani's has here, all about the food. (which is wonderful) But, all about the really unique hair products! I never knew there was such a thing as jasmine hair oil, untill seeing the vast selection at Rani's. These oils are mainly coconut-based, with jasmine extract for gorgeous fragrance. Some will have other natural ingredients for added benefits. I picked out 2, one was specifically for color-treated hair like I possess. After using my blow-dryer to style my hair, I use a small amount of this in my palm, and glide it down the hair shaft. The results are FANTASTIC, with the best part is it's -not- greasy! I was expecting my hair to look limp and nasty as the day went on, but it stays soft and shiny all day. Plus, it's VERY inexpensive to boot. The small bottle? $2.50. The large bottle, for color-treated hair? $6.00. I'm sold on this stuff!
5	We recently fell into an affair with Indian food. If they cook it, we have/will eaten/eat there! It led to a search of cookbooks with many spices I had no clue where to find locally. A little search on Yelp popped up this little gem that meets both my eating and cooking wants! The BF and I ate at the food booth in the back and shared a  vegetarian thali (comes with 2 dishes-among several choices, dal, rice, pickles, 2 bread:$5.99), samosa chat (I believe $3.99) and a paneer stuffed paratha w/ yogurt ($2.99). It was plenty of food for two and all very nice. I am a big fan of the samosa chat here though. The chutneys were fresh and vibrant and kept me going for more. There is a water cooler and a hot tea dispenser that is complimentary but there is also various drinks in the fridge area. If you're in the area and want a tasty snack or a nice veggie meal, definitely drop in. Grocery side has everything we were looking for! They have also some more common spices that I decided to get here as the prices are really good. For example, I almost bought a $6 jar of cinnamon sticks at the grocery and it's $1.99 for the same amount here. A nice sized jar of spices start are mostly about $1.99 with the harder to find spices like green cardamom pods are around $4, very few are over that. For those who need spices in mass quantities, they have huge value bags as well and they seem to be a better deal than buying at Sams/Costco. I also hoped I can find some fresh herbs and they indeed had fresh curry leaves and fresh fenugreek. If you're not into the cooking stuff, there are plenty of tasty and interesting looking snacks and prepared packs of food. We bought a few heat and eat packets and some were good and some not. I suppose it's hit and miss, but hey, it's packet food and isn't anything like the fresh. Eat, cook and be merry!
5	My husband and I drove by Rani's a couple weeks ago and he said, "International Market? That looks interesting."  So I made a note to check it out on Yelp later.  After reading the reviews I channeled Liz Lemon and exclaimed, "$6 vegetarian Indian food? I want to go to there!"So that is how we wound up at Rani's.  I immediately went to the counter and ordered a thali and paneer paratha (I'm a sucker for paneer), and the cute lil lady behind the counter proceeded to give me an Indian sweet to have while I waited.  She brought out our thali, which consisted of 2 roti, rice, dal, pickles, okra, an aloo-gobi-type yumminess, and I believe kofta (veggie dumplings).  The cute lil lady was feeling generous and also gave us a tomato soup with paneer in it.  Definite bonus points.Everything was fantastic, although I was expecting a little more paneer flavor to my paratha.  This place is very casual, which I really like about it.  Don't come in expecting the same food that you would get at a sit-down Indian restaurant; instead, expect the kind of food you would get if you were invited to a grandma's kitchen.After we filled our bellies, we wandered through the aisles of the immaculately clean grocery store.  I hadn't planned on buying anything, but when I found garam masala for super cheap, and black salt that I had been looking for everywhere and couldn't find, and a giant bag of arrowroot powder for a couple bucks (normally $6-$12 for a tiny jar anywhere else)....well you get the picture.  Anything you would need for a well-stocked Indian pantry is here, and then some.    There's also mint and tamarind sauces, bottled lassis, naan, and huge blocks of paneer.  Trust me when I say I seriously considered buying all the above to snack on at home.I considered giving this place 4 stars, because we went back a couple days later and the food was cold and missing that extra special love like we had the first time.  But it was a Friday evening and there was an Indian soap opera on the TV I think we interrupted....So, obviously, I can't blame them.
5	The store:Stumbled onto this place while I was in Vegas for a month. Has a great selection of Indian spices, groceries et al. Name it and I think they have it.Was very very impressed with their well maintained space and selection.The cafe:Aaah... don't you miss the parathas. Great aloo and gobi parathas. I am a fan.The lady behind the counter here, very warm and welcoming, very reminiscent of grandma..will tell you all that's laid out is home-made and lovingly made.It sure does taste good. Don't forget to wrap up a selection of sweets. The kala jamun is yummmm! The pickles are great too.Don't let the unassuming outer appearance fool you. It is a great place to stumble upon.
5	Love the food and service!   One of the Cleaner Indian grocery shops I've been to, clean deli.  The food in their Deli is excellent, you can taste the freshness.  Even the Chana(chickpeas) are fresh and not canned.  And on top of it they have a great selection of Indian and British groceries...
5	WOW. I read the reviews and decided to check it out. This place is so cool! Amazing selection of Indian goods, especially sauce mixes. The food counter... OMG. Tried the paneer and the basmati rice. The rice was better than a number of the sit down Indian restaurants I've been to and the paneer had a great texture and flavor. The price was WAY better too. The little cart of kulfi was also wonderful. A complete meal for half of what I would pay at a regular restaurant. Yay!!!
3	Food Counter Review:Thali Price Alert! Thali Price Alert!The Thali is no longer $5.99.  It is $7.99.  There has been a $2 increase.  So I told my whole team that it was only $5.99 for a plate of vegetarian ethnic yumminess, based on the Yelp reviews.  When we arrived, I noticed that the where it was supposed to be $5.99, it was covered with a piece of paper with $7.99 written on it.Boo, I gave false information to my whole team :(Nonetheless, we all had Thali.  The sweet little lady took precious time (a bit slow for our liking since we had to get back to work) to prepare each tray with whatever she want to put on it.  My tray consisted of the following:-mashed spinach: doesn't look appetizing, but tasted ok.  I only ate a few bites of this.-eggplant curry:  was delicious and tasty.  I finished this.-squash something:  I finished this too.  It was very refreshing.-tofu something:  was decent, but not as flavorful.  There were three cubes of tofu in this compartment.-basmati rice with peas-the rice taste good.-purple onion slices with spicy mango sauce: this was supposed to be the pickle veg on the menu.  Well, it doesn't really taste like it would sound.  We all thought the sauce tasted like pinesol.  We didn't touch this on our tray.-roti: tasted like tortilla.  I should have asked for paratha.The milk tea and purified water was complimentary.I give this a 4 star.Grocery Store Review:My co-worker picked up a bag of naan and a bottle of lychee drink from the grocery side.  When she was about to pay for it and flipped over the bag of naan, those visible naans were moldy blue in color.  The guy that was about to ring it up took it and throw it away.  People, make sure you inspect the goods before making a purchase.  Sometimes, we tend to not look at it until we are about to enjoy the food.I give this a 3 star.Overall: 3.5 star place
5	Decided to go for Lunch at Rani's after reading all the five star reviews at Yelp. The food was great,  as good as home cooked Indian food, great customer service.
4	I've been eying this place for a while, since I don't live too far from here. The rainbow on the sign always catches my eye when I drive by because I love rainbows!I Situated in  a corner in a Strip Mall,this store looks smallish from the outside. When I walked in I was genuinely surprised: this place is a LEGIT grocery store! They even have a fresh produce section, which I really wasn't expecting. I came here looking for some Garam Masala for the Chicken Makhani dish a Pakistani friend of mine said I must cook. I couldn't find this spice at my normal haunts, so upon recommendation from the guys at Trader Joes I went to Rani's. I found a plethora of ethnic spices, and the garam masala was easy to locate. I even got some Pineapple jam, which I'm excited about trying.The customer service wasn't all too friendly, and when I paid for my items, the lady intentionally did not give me the coin part of my change (perhaps that was her tip?). OK, so it was only a few pennies, but it really tripped me out the way she didn't even attempt to give me the change. She only handed me the dollars and then walked away. Well OK, Ms. Thang!Anyway, if you're searching for hard to find ethnic spices from all over the world, then I recommend coming here. Maybe I'll come back and try the lunch counter next time.
5	You're now reading a review of Rani's by the DUKE of Rani's.   Yes, the long road to Dukedom was finally achieved today with my...... 2nd check in?   HOW DID Y'ALL LET THIS HAPPEN?   Okay maybe not everyone else is glued to their iPhone as much as I am to try to check-in as often, but still.First and 2nd visit I got the Thali.  Both times the service was extremely pleasant, though this 2nd time the woman working the counter sort of forgot about my order and served the next party first.  Wasn't too big of a deal and she seemed apologetic.  I love the ordering/checkout process, as both times it evolved into some sort of old school bartering system, always in my favor.  Me:  "I'll take a smart water too"   (grabs $1.39 bottle from the fridge)   Her:  "Just give me a dollar"   Deal.    Almost convinced that if I wandered in there with nothing but 75 cents to my name, I'd somehow walk out with a full stomach.    Don't try this kids! Onto the food.   I have no idea what the proper names are of what I ate either time.   The first time I just waited for the woman (Rani?) to make my plate, and then I devoured most of it.   Didn't care for the onions as I noticed someone else mention, and I also had some cold chickpea dish that day that wasnt appeasing to me.  Everything else (Rice, Dal, Roti, some tofu thing) was delicious.This time another woman (not Rani?) actually showed me all the different options for the Thali.   I heard her mention buttermilk and cheese in a few of them so I simply requested that I not have anything with milk or cheese and she happily obliged.  I ended up with a dish with chickpeas, one with red beans, an eggplant one, the rice, and those onions (grrrrr) and some sort of hot pickle/pepper thing.   Loved it all except the onionsNow go beat me for this Duke title.  I don't deserve it with only 2 visits!
5	I had Rani's bookmarked FOREVER, and I finally made it down here to actually do some grocery shopping. Well, my mom did some grocery shopping. I kinda fail at the learning to cook my ethnic food. But enough of that! I went and met Rani and she's awesome!! She reminds me basically of every single Indian grandma. They stuff you full of food to show their affection. My only qualm is that the food isn't next level spicy. When I want to eat chaat, I wanna feel like my intestinal lining is being seared off. But hey, I know she's catering to both Indian and non-Indian palates, so I'll let it slide. But this is a great place to come when I'm missing some homemade food.
5	Great vegetarian food with excellent spices.  This is owned by a local family. Very polite and friendly place.
3	By no means will Rani be the first place I think of for Indian cuisine. The plates have a decent variety of dishes, but nothing spectacular. Today's thali platter consisted of a saag, lentils, and a paneer dish with onions, rice, and pickles. I enjoyed the saag because of the hints of ginger, but the other items were mediocre. I ended up dabbing my bread off with napkins before bites due to how much oil was on them. Everything else was forgettable though. The vegetable samosas were delicious. They were predominantly potatoes with peas. The chutneys were refreshing and flavorful. Dipping these golden pockets in the sauce made for good eats. The mango lassi was the other highlight of the meal. It was not too sweet and had a robust taste ripe mangoes.
4	This place is great. I didn't realize there was a food stand inside, but glad I found out. This is right next to Zia Records and they sell all types of indian spices you usually can't find anywhere else. The lady behind the food counter is very nice and after 1 visit they recognized me and even knew what I liked to eat. The food is all made fresh and has the home feel taste to it. This place is better than most restaurants out there and much cheaper too. We bought a large sized portion of the beans and it lasted for 3 days. They also provide free tea which usually cost $2 in restaurants.The good thing is it's very close to Mt. Everest, our favorite indian restaurant, if you wanted to eat out. 9/10 good, friendly service.
5	Loved it this is one of the nicest Indian markets I have been to.  I will be shopping here regularly!  There are even size choices on bags of flour and rice, back home there was only one size...  Clean and bright!!!  Fresh Mehindi is in the fridge here as well!!!!
5	Third time, for the $7.99 thali TO GO.   Also ordered 2 veggie samosas.  Guess what, no onions this time!  One of the best Indian meals I've ever had, no joke, all from the comfort of my office and for $12 or so with the samosas and a giant bottle of smart water.Seemed like I got a lot more food when getting it to go as well.   Interesting development.    Seriously I'm blown away right now.  4 huge heapings of dal, curries, and veggies and a gigantic portion of rice for $7.99.  The stretch of Sahara between Samosa Factory, Rani's and Mt Everest is all I need in my life.
3	Homey feel so tasty home-style food, which is good on stomach.Since it's homey style,  if you go later in the night, they will just reheat and serve.Had tried the food 3 times in our recent trip to vegas.Dhahi vadai is not thayir vadai. It was terrible. keep doing north indian foods only. south indian is not your strength. if you want a good thayir vadai, fly to SFO. there are plenty of south indian food here.:)Other than that their paratha's and thali are good. bhel is also good.Old lady is like your grandma. mostly a nice lady, but speaks one indian language only. so if you dont speak that language, you are at mercy with her english.we had an altercation with her, because she couldn't understand our english. though it got cleared, she was still upset and started being erratic to us. so we were little upset.i could have gone there again, but one of our friend referred India masala in rivera. which was convenient and good.
5	5 stars because every time I come in here to satisfy my gulab jamun craving, the owners are extremely friendly.  I like to buy my chutneys and lentils here, as well as some frozen veggies.  But the one thing I am never without from this place are the fresh roasted peanuts in their produce section.  I don't know what makes them so addicting, but you really must try them!  OMG!!  Everyone I offer them to wants to know where I buy them.  I'm not a fan of their hot food section....maybe it was because the one time I tried it, it was near closing and everything just seemed old and dried out.  Plus, it looked a bit dirty.  Maybe I will try again when things are fresher earlier in the day.  But this is a fun place to discover new spices and sauces.
4	If you have ever been to India's Sweets and Spices in Southern California, then you will feel right at home here.This is a terrific Indian Market that also includes fresh produce for sale. It is the one place in town where I know I can find real fresh Bitter Melon!They also have a wonderful restaurant in the store where if you don't know what it is - you can simply point to what loks good to you. As far as raw goes - not much in that arena in Indian cooking, but if you are okay with traditional Indian Vegetarian fare - THIS is THE spot for it in Las Vegas.  They always offer free chai tea and the woman chef who runs the place could not have been nicer. What a great smile. And you know... that smile gets translated into the food.
5	Love Rani's!
2	The reason for the trip to Rani's was that a friend who lived nearby was looking for some special seasonings for a special dish to prepare. I decided I wouldn't mind going on a field trip and possibly discover some treats that were new to me. Neither one of us had lunch yet and were delighted to find that they had a little restaurant inside! Yay! A 2 in 1! Seeing that it was a new store to the both of us and how we LOVE to peruse international markets for hidden gems we combed the place. No aisle was overlooked. No shelf was neglected. We searched high and low for any and everything. He found the spices that he was looking for. The shelves were well stocked and the place was nice and clean. The place is obviously cared for in that respect. I did notice that things were higher priced here compared to what I have seen in other international markets around town. That was a bit of a disappointment. By the time we were all set to purchase there was no one at the cash register. We looked around and only saw other customers doing their shopping. We saw the bell by the register area and rang it once. The cashier came quickly and rang us up. She didn't greet. She didn't say anything actually. She just held out her hand for the money and practically threw the change at my friend. I thought it was quite rude. We tried to ignore it as we were plenty hungry by this time and wanted to get down to the grub!We made our way to the "restaurant" area. There was already a few people in line. We got in behind them as we tried to decide what we would order. The food that finally came to them did not look appetizing. Everything looked like leftovers just slopped on picnic-ware. It seemed to be taking an extraordinary amount of time for preheated food to be served. We decided to go across the street to find some lunch. I won't be returning to this place. With the overpriced groceries and poor service, it is enough to keep me away.
3	Compared to a typical Indian grocery store, This place is very clean and organized. All the isles are properly marked and doesn't smell like a Temple(mixed smell of about 5 mil incense sticks)Kitchen looks very clean and some great items on the menu with close to homemade taste. Their inhouse sweets are just ok but they are fresh, not frozen for a week shipped from NY or Chcago.My only issue here is service. The lady at the front cash register is so rude, I don't even go inside the store because if her. Absolutely no greeting, no smile and if you ask her a question, lets just say you'll regret it.EDIT: Service has somewhat improved and I feel the review should be changed a bit. Changing from 1 start to 3 till my next visit. Keep up the good work.Anyways, here are my very accurate ratingsCleanliness 9.5/10Organized 9/10Variety 8.5/10Food/Kitchen 7/10Service 5/10Location/Parking 7/10
4	I thought this place was kind of hard to find as most places on Sahara are for some reason. I went here specifically to buy some Vatika Oil for my hair. The product itself was not hard to find at all since all of the hair products are literally the aisle right behind the register when you walk into the store. They're always fully stocked and the clerks are nice. Rani's was my first visit to an international food market so I was a little nervous that nobody would speak English for some reason (perhaps an ignorant assumption), but I've had good experiences here. I thought that Las Vegas would not have an international food market and I would have to go online to buy my Vatika oil but I did not. I'm very pleased. I would call this a hidden gem. Probably not as big as some stores you'd find in NYC but I don't think that would be a fair comparison.
1	The first person you see as you walk in, is this lady cashier, who seems miffed She does not greet you or say hello and when you get past her, you notice an older man  and he is also miffed. Then you realize this man is the owner, who has set the trend and tone for this place. Every one in this place looks like they just woke up and no one has a smile and all they they have a demeanor of personnel in a funeral parlor. The older man serves the food and then when you are ready to check out, the same man is at the cash register. It is obvious that they are oblivious to the health department regulations or they just don't care.  Couple of helpers (a man and woman) who are toiling and tormenting in the kitchen, seems to be taken advantage of their servitude and they are clearly overworked-and it shows.The old man walks around like he is pissed off at something and In fact, everyone seems to be pissed off. Also the same lady who did not greet you will take your money like she is a gestapo agent and you have to watch the bill closely, since she does some tricks with the prices that surly does not match the price on the grocery as mentioned in the reviews before. I also agree with one reviewer who spent $200 and had to change a $20 note for three cents change!in fairness the food is decent, but they buy salt from Morton's-wholesale?. If I want good Indian food I would go to the newly opened India Masala buffet on East Flamingo with both North and South Indian food-and over 40 items- for the same price these zombies are charging and you can gulp it down with a glass of red wine and not have the "tension" and unwelcome attitude as here. As far the groceries I noted fungus on the pita breads, when I brought it to the attention of the old man, he shrugged it off and put it right back in the bin. I had to buy it and throw it away than risk someone get sick. This alone is a reason not to shop at this place. They want to make money and they don't care if you get sick with a fungus and drop dead.A man is judged by how he treats his own countrymen, by that standard, this is a scum of the earth cheapskate who should not be in hospitality business. One has to be devoid of any self respect and desperate to shop here. since you and your money is parted not with a smile-but by a stern looking Svengali. I would not eat or shop here even if this was the only place in town...
5	Not sure why many of the posters give it a low rating.  I loved the store, the people and the fresh food.  The free chai didn't spoil the fun either.  Check it out folks.  But don't expect white glove service.  After all it is an Indian Grocery Store.However, I thought it was a great place compared to other Indian stores here and in other cities.Tip: in the back, do ask them for what's fresh off the kitchen and try it.  If they have "mirchi-bajji" fresh, it is a must have with the free chai ;-)
5	The food here is amazing. Just like grandma would make it in India! Paranthas are really good. This place is neat and clean. Simple food cooked home style!
3	I usually stop by the kitchen area and get the Thali to go.Last time I went, I forgot to tell the person putting the food on my tray that I wanted it to go until she had already put the rice and 1 item on a tray. She said "I would have put it in containers if you had told me earlier" and she just continued to put it onto the flat tray. She then foil wrapped the tray but I had to do my 20 minute drive home making sure to take corners slowly. The bottom line is that the staff need to take a little extra time to do things properly. At no time should a server say in essence "I would have done things properly but......"They seem a little understaffed and the staff appear to be a bit undertrained.Overall, I still like coming here because they have a good variety of Indian groceries and the food is good but customer service definitely needs to improve.
4	The food you get is closest to mom/home cooked Indian food. 5 stars for food. The complementary Tea could be better.
4	My friend is a die hard Rani's fan, so he dragged me from my strip hotel so we could eat Pani Puri and Chaat at this hole in the wall restaurant tucked away in the back of an Indian grocery store.  The store itself seemed a bit disorganized and the staff not super friendly (not like I expected great service though), but the food was delicious. We started with the papdi chaat which was delicious.  One thing I noted with this dish which is different than most papdi chaat dishes I've eaten in the past is that the papdi was extremely crispy as though they made these just for our order.  The pani puri was     also delicious and the chutneys are amazing. If you're in Vegas and want to get away from the strip and try some local (non-hotel) food, check out Rani's.
4	I like Rani's.  I've only been there once, but I will be going back.  (Soon, actually, I'm running low on tea.)We had heard about Rani's from a friend who is big into international food.  I LOVE Indian food, and Indian culture, so going to this store has been on the list for a while.One day, I decided that I needed to find Dabur Amla oil for my hair.  I used to use it back home in Chicago, and it REALLY helped me with a number of issues I had with my hair. (Detangling, for one.) I called Rani's and the gentlman on the phone was very polite and helpful. We went in and I found the oil right away, and they had a HUGE selection of it too!We looked around at the groceries, and I was pretty impressed.  They have a really good selection of spices, AND teas... They have HUGE boxes of PG Tips, which is my tea of choice.  I used to get it at Fresh and Easy, but then I tried the International Market over on Decatur, which was cheaper.  Well...Rani's has it cheaper than that.  They also have Bollywood DVDs for 99 cents!!!!  I'm going to have to brush up on my Bollywood cinema and pick up a few.  I used to buy and rent Bollywood movies all the time back home, honestly, being in Rani's brought me back a bit.  I found and bought a little bottle of lychee juice, something I hadn't been able to find in the almost 10 years i've lived here.  We also tried a samosa from the kitchen, and the free chai.  Both were REALLY good. :D  I can't wait to go back. :D
4	This gastro-gem instantly connects me with my former lifetime(s) in India. Rani dishes up some sumptuous home-style food at the back counter, with the love of a dotting grandmother. The tangy and fresh chutneys accompany her rich and flavorful veg-fare perfectly. Her pakoras are a hearty treat, and one of the few deep fried foods I'll indulge in, because how can you say no to your adopted Indian grandmother? The rest of the store is a delectable journey through spice, I can easily lose track of earthly time here. To my less-traveled western epicurians, know this is not like the International Isle at Whole Foods. Expect ; Hindi TV, ghee-scented air, tables sticky with Chai resin, and dusty nag champa boxes to abound. All part of the authenticity and love that is Rani World. I  recently read that India does irradiate their spices like we do in the West, so buying Indian spice products are both cost/health effective, but do check expiration dates.  My staples from these illustrious isles include; star anise, tumeric, chana besana flour, rose water, peppered pampadams, yellow split-mung beans, aspativa, basmati rice, mustard seed, cinnamon bark, ghee and the beauty of fresh curry leaves from the produce section.
5	I love love love Indian food and this place is the best place in town to vegetarian variety. I actually grew up not to far from this grocery/cafe but I never knew until a recent trip to the adjacent Zia Records that the market also sold food and boy do I wish I could kick myself and go back in time lol the food is so flavorful and I recommend the Potato parartha and pretty much anything else on the menu, I can't stress enough how fantastic the food is!
5	Update!I went back here about two weeks ago to pick up a BIG box of tea...they were closed.  So, my friend and I were going to get back in the car to go kill time till they opened.The older woman who runs the kitchen knocked on the glass and motioned for us to come in.  She opened an hour early for us. THAT is grade A service.  The young lady who rang us up commented about me making "a cup" of tea in a joking manner, so we joked a little, but then I said how PG Tips is my favorite, and she AND the older woman made conversation with me about how its their favorite too.So personable, and spectacular!  :)
5	I cant speak highly enough about this food store! I discovered this place when my boyfriend's sister moved in. Apparently they have a location in California she frequented. #1 Buy: Spicy Cashews. They are absolutely amazing! If you like nuts (I sure do) and anything spicy, you will absolutely love these things. #2 Lentils: The most affordable place I have found to buy them in town #3 Indian Spices: If you are learning how to make indian food, this is a great place to buy prepackaged spices that make making curries as easy as making hamburger helper. The staff here is very friendly and helpful. I personally wouldn't buy my produce here, some of it looks kind of old... Everything else is wonderful and affordable.
4	They carry henna and amla products for coloring the hair naturally. Although I felt like they watched me the first couple of times I came in, they are always friendly and answer questions if you ask.
5	The smell of the spices through the store is delicious. The owner runs the kitchen and let us taste everything. It was delicious. We ended up eating lunch there. Will be back for more.
3	The food seemed overly salty and lacking in spiciness  I had the thale, and I thought the potatoes in the aloo metha were a bit under cooked.  The food was also a bit watery.
4	I wanted vegan, and the staff made some suggestions which I took. Very tasty. Very helpful and friendly staff too. Unfortunately(For me), I wouldn't know how to order SEAsian vegan dishes, so I have to ask for suggestions. But the suggested dish(es) were tasty and varied. The staff helpful and friendly, and other diners friendly as well. This is a no frills section of a supermarket with maybe 6 small tables. Free chai tea, and I was stuffed for under $9.
5	I adore this charming little store + food spot! Not only can I find a lot of ethnic items here, but the food is amazing! You can taste the home cooked love that goes into each dish. It's Indian food at its best and you can't beat the prices!
5	Love this place. The food is delicious and very fresh. I took my meat eating husband and he loved it! I am a part time meat eater who loves vegetarian dishes and this is the place to go if you love food with spice. I really could eat about a dozen of the veggie samosas. The mint chutney is delicious and I will be back for more Roti and Aloo. I love spices and Rani has plenty. So for all you cooking folks, this is the place. I've been to their Houston, TX location and now Las Vegas. Next stop California and I've yet to be disappointed.
5	Went back for more Veggie Samosas they were so good, hot and crispy. I am in love with the Mint Chutney!
4	First and foremost it's an Indian grocery store and everything about it is super Indian in every way. Rani, the owner is as Indian as one can get and she's a delightful character,  just don't expect American customer service from her or her staff. Groceries are plenty and diverse, and her food is authentic and delish. The free chai is hard to beat, I love it, it reminds of the scene back home :-)
5	I just came back from India and kept craving real Indian food. I found it at Rani's! Paneer, samosas, barfi all were real good and authentic. The prices are also almost like in India lol. Their selection of spices and dahlia is also very impressive. This is my favorite store now, forget the Whole Foods!
5	When we went to Vegas, we had planned on daily trips driving to places around Vegas. And so we wanted a place where we could get food on the go and start with our drive. Came across Rani's World foods with a Google search and it couldn't have been any better!! We didn't shop at the grocery store but the food and service at the kitchen was so good and the cost reasonable that we decided to stop by and get our food for the next 4 days and even for dinner! The lady in the kitchen, Rani, is the best!!! Highly recommended.
4	Great Parathas. A little pricey. The service could be better. But, going into an Indian fast-food place, I had a very low expectation. The place wasn't so clean, but oh well. The food made up for it. We went back three times during our 6 days trip to Vegas.
4	I like the Authentic homemade Indian food and Free Indian tea here. Also I like to buy fresh okra and super sweet yellow mango.
5	Stopped here to pickup snacks on our way to CA. The store carries almost everything desired from a super Indian grocery store - Snacks, staples, vegetables, fruits and exotic items. The great surprise was their mini restaurant, that offered wide collection of sweets and snacks. I highly recommend their Thali. It is closest to the home cooked (North) Indian meal I had in the US. I live in NYC, so that's a major compliment! Visit this place with huge bags and empty stomach, and carry out as much as your body, bags and car can carry.
5	Really friendly and helpful staff.  Delicious food!  Spices that are extremely inexpensive (I got a bag of star anise for like $3 with tax, and had about 5x as much as the star anise at Vons ~ and Vons charges almost $10 without tax for it);  they have cinnamon from Sri Lanka (which is hard to find in general!).While I will say "don't expect a high class establishment," I'll add "do expect some absolutely fantastic food, spices, and prices."
2	This is a market and small eating area, with about 7 or 8 tables. The prepared food was very good. You have the option of take out or eating in. The market was neat, however I found at least 3 different items that were expired still on the shelf. On expiration date was 4/2012! I was absolutely shocked when I saw this. It was a dry packaged item, but I believe 2 years is stretching it a little. I purchased a mango juice and did not see "best before 6/1/2014" until I got it home. I just purchased on Tuesday this week.I will go back, however checking for all expiration dates from now on, at least until I find another grocer.
5	I hadn't had Indian food this delicious since my first plate when I was a kid at my friend's house. Forgot how good it was. Aloo paratha was my favorite!
5	Since Rani's came to Vegas, I've never been to any other Indian store. They have an amazing range of grocery and produce items, managed by a friendly and courteous couple who will go out of their way to please.Their kitchen is clean and efficient and provides wholesome home-cooked vegetarian food. Certainly a must-go destination for the Indian community in Vegas.
5	Great food made in the store, just like how I eat at home. Big store, lots of things to choose from. Millions of spices.   Would recommend their thali and curries. Very fresh made from scratch veggie food. Highly recommended.
4	If you are  fan of Indian food, be sure to check out this Indian grocery store! They have everything you need to cook an Indian meal! We came here to check out the place and to our surprise we discovered a small fast food eatery inside this grocery store. So today we came back to try the food here. We ordered the curried potatoes, lentils, rice and vegetable samosas. I think my favorite is the samosa. You get two huge samosa served with mint and tamarind sauce! The best part of this is the samosa is only $1.99! I am definitely coming back for more samosa later.
5	This place is my favorite place to satisfy my cravings for chat. My favorite is the samosa chat. If you like spicy, for me personally I can't handle spice too well, then try the Papri Chat. I always pair my food with the chai they brew in house and it's free! Perfect place to experience good Indian food away from home. Also, this place is an awesome place for groceries, they sell fresh produce as well!
4	They have a great selection of produce and spices that are hard to find in other grocery stores. Also the prices are fair! Nothing was really overpriced! I go there for many Sri Lankan specialties which they have a wide selection of. Staff is not quite friendly but I keep returning for their good prices and wide selection
4	I've been here a couple times for lunch and it's always a good experience. I always get the Ranis thali, it's kind of like a combo plate and you pick two sides. What I love about this place is I've never heard of a lot of the dishes so it's always a surprise:)
3	This city has a million ethnic specialty grocers: this one stands apart from the pack a little. In addition to a smorgasbord of Indian spices, rices, and teas, they have jewelry, accessories, and some kitchenware as well.Food sections also include  Mediterranean aisle and a British/English foods row. Unfortunately, the produce is not particularly fresh but they have tons of sweets from nearly every culture here.The food counter on the right hand side of the store sells vegetarian indian foods: mostly paneers, dosas, and chaats. The samosas are tasty and the chutneys and other sauces are no joke. Pricing is good, just wish they offered a bit more and weren't necessarily limited to a vegetarian menu.Insider note; they have 6 locations of Rani's, this is the only one in LV and there's another in Houston with the rest in California.
5	$1.50 veggie samosas! ! Served with a mint puree and a red sauce. Two of these are a great snack . . Sitting at a table in the grocery isle. Place is authentic and cute.
5	Amazing thali lunch plate.  And you have to try the Paneer Paratha.   Simply amazing and located in a wonderful market with so many great things!
5	Awesome food , healthy and ghar ki tarah, home away home food , thank u for jalebi uncle
4	Good veggie food. Hot chapatis. Try the thali. It comes with rice, chapati,  2 bhajis,  dhal and pickle.
5	Best place to get authentic Indian vegetarian food. Fresh tea is always free and the snacks are of high quality The owner Phoolan Chander is a an excellent cook. Whatever she has made herself, just get it. We take packed Saag and Karhie all the time. Ask for Makki Roti as it is occasionally made and is not on the menu. The Paratha's are some of the best in North America. They are huge.  Order only one first. For groceries this is the best choice on the west side.
