5	This was the former location of Scraps 4 Pets. I was saddened and worried a bit when I found out about a change in ownership. I was loyal, I felt comfortable with those who ran Scraps.  Rest assured that those who did go to Scraps will be happy with the boutique that has replaced it. Much has changed, but I feel these have been good changes.The shop has moved a few suites down to make room for a self wash, bakery goods and the usual foods, treats and accessories. I didn't get pictures for the profile, but will on my next stop. It's triple the size of the old one. Obviously other than the food, I was drawn in as a customer to Scraps for the friendly and approachable staff. The new staff is just as nice and talkative so I feel good about coming to this place. One of the girls has the most mellow and sweetest frenchie/boston as the stores new resident doggy that rounds out the welcoming feel of the store.  The prices are about the same and reasonable (not huge markups on foods- shipping some "cheaper" items online will still cost me more in total than driving down here) and selection is good. Hopefully with this change, the selection might even get better. I took a trip to their SW location and there's a lot more variety than Scraps had and more than this location currently stocks. Variety is a plus to me since I like to rotate foods and treats to keep the animals interests up (and keep food allergies from happening). The only new "must have" treat I have to go to the SW location folr are Merricks hooves since these little pugs need big dog sized challenging chews. All of the basic foods and  treats for the dogs and cat I can find here. The bakery goods are a welcomed addition. The dogs love the parmesan bacon muffins (75 cents each) the best but enjoyed all the cookies we have brought home and the cat ended up liking the cheese cookies (75 cents each) the best crumbled up into bite size pieces. The dog wash in the back seems stocked well and kept clean. I saw a sign that it is $9 for any sized dog which is cheaper than a lot of places I've seen. I nearly pulled my back trying to wash my dogs in my little ass stand up shower so it's something to consider. The business/staff are associated with a rescue; the owners also run Heaven Can Wait Sanctuary and many of the staff are volunteers and fosters. That makes me happy since it's basically full circle of helping out animals: they help them find homes, aid with population issues by offering low cost spaying&neuter clinics, help with feral cat populations, then providing a place for those owners to get good foods and services to keep animals happy in their new homes.Another plus is that they're open 7 days a week. Weekends are our only time to be able to shop for the animals together and sometimes it was difficult to come on Saturdays and  Sundays were closed. I'm a big fan of local business in general but I'm very enthusiastic about this place since it enables me to be the kind of pet parent I want to be. Good selection, prices, nice staff and business owners with a heart for helping- what's not to like?
5	This place is as good as it gets.  I have a 9 month old Maltese that I take in every Saturday, and she always enjoys her visit.  I can always count on excellent service and prices from Deanna and Blake.   I completely trust them with my pup and I recommend them to all of my friends and family.The store also has fresh baked doggy biscuits and an incredible stock of food, treats and clothes for all dogs, but what I appreciate most is the fact that everyone there seems to really love dogs.
5	Took the two mutts for grooming, super friendly and accommodating . Groomer is fantastic, she genuinely loves your pets. In the bigger outfits, I feel the groomers are going through the motions but here feels different, good different. Lots of baked treats and accessories to pamper the privileged Summerlin pooch. I highly recommend and will use exclusively.
5	My first time here today to wash the mutt! I did the self wash and it was great! The staff is friendly and helpful and a super nice groomer trimmed my beagle's nails=) Roxie always HATED going to Petsmart for grooming...would whimper and cry and I'd have to drag her all the way in. Today she was relaxed and seemed to enjoy it....probably because mommy was washing her and she felt comfortable!They have great grain free dog food and wonderful treats too. i will go back here for all things doggie!  Check them out.....Roxie gave them 5 WOOFS !
5	I usually don't write reviews for anything, so I'd say it's fair to say I'm more of a lurker than a yelper, however, we drove up to this location because it got a 5 star review..even though its almost a 30 minute drive from our house...and I'm pleased to say they live up to their rating. The staff is super friendly and knowledgeable.  They truly love dogs and their jobs. The prices are good for a boutique and they have a large variety. My husband, the dog, and I were all happy to be there and sad to have to go run other errands! We will check out the Southern location tomorrow, but I'm sure we'll be back here for the groomer Deanna. We also got some good advice and tips on training. Thanks!
5	Love, love, love this place! I often stop in after getting groceries at Vons.  I got a gift card from a friend and that is what got me through the front door. I'm so glad i did!While they offer a range of services like grooming, training, and so on I only get goodies from the bakery. They have a great selection! All healthy and made from scratch.They do have a self wash station where you can bring in your pet and wash them yourself. The price starts at $9.99. It can easily accommodate large breeds too. I never saw such a thing before!It is clean inside and I am always greeted.
5	I bring my two dogs here and can not tell you enough great things about them, the staff is always nice and the groomer is like world class! And the baked goods are always a hit, side note: stay away from the colored frosting if you have carpet at home!! Oops! My Bad!
5	I still give this place a 5 star rating.  Everyone! Bring you doggie here.. They are so good to animals and the staff is very friendly !!
5	Bogart's is just ALWAYS reliable.  They carry all types of food, including my much needed Natural Balance that PetSmart doesn't carry.  Their prices on food are very competitive, and they participate in the buy 10, get 1 free programs for many brands.  The staff is also really knowledgeable about dog food.  When my dog was going through a "vomiting and pooping every type of food imaginable phase", they made really good suggestions about which foods would be too rich for her system, which ones are reliable, and which ones are overrated.  Hence my discovery of Natural Balance.Bogart's has a self wash area that they only charge $10 to use.  They also have a stamp card for buy 10 washes, get one free.  Always a good go-to in between grooming sessions for my lab.  They also have a groomer on site, but I have never used their groomer.  I'm just too attached to my other groomer!The doggie bakery is really fun.  They have cookies, will make dog birthday cakes, and even pizza slices for dogs!
5	This store sets an example in what customer service should be.  My cat has food allergies and requires a unique and difficult to find diet. With that said, this store has always gone out of their way to help me. I've gone through so many brands of food and am still struggling to find something that agrees with my cats system. I've had excellent service at Summerlin and the south west location off Tropicana.  I love these people and I can tell they love the pet food industry.  Their top priority is foods that are healthy for your pet.  I highly recommend this place to ANYONE who wants quality pet food with the best customer service.
5	Absolutely the best customer service and friendliest staff. All of the employees and the groomer know me and my doggie by name. Rebecca the groomer is so kind and sweet; she will treat your furry babies like her own. She does exactly what you ask and always takes time to make sure you are happy.  The girls behind the counter are so knowledgeable about food, treats, allergies,  etc. They are my go to gals. This is a gem of a place. I wouldn't  trust my doggie with anyone else. Bogarts will treat you like family!!!
