1	Just left this place and the steak sandwich was horrible ! The only way your going to be able the eat this is if your hungover! I will not be visiting the place again! Yuck
5	Great lunch, quick subs and as unhealthy as you can get, but WAY WAY WAY better than that dump Philly Cheesesteak was! Talk about nasty. Big B's is great quality, decent prices, and an awesome after hours hang out!
2	Was excited after a night on the town this past weekend to go to one of my favorite cheesesteak spots in Arizona. Call it temporary insanity or ADHD, but i did not even notice the place was renovated, at first i thought to myself, "good for them.." but i kind of liked the hipster look, well the new setup is neo hispters anyway.  I was excited as always to get my hoagie..  yeah.. not what i was expecting, it was as if they outsourced their quality control to China or India.  The bread was certainly not up to par, meat was not as tender as i remembered, the cheese.. well it was ok.  It all made sense when someone told me the old owner left and someone else took the spot.  Not coming back.
1	Why did Philadelphia sandwich company move? I went into this big b's hangover hammered on  a sat night, noticing the joint had changed ownership (all tjhe wall dollars are gone)....decided I was already here and didn't want to walk to the old/new Philadelphia sandwich company (which is actually a 5 minute drunk walk around the corner) so I tried the food, and it was awful...I shoulda gone with my gut and walked over to phillys, where the food and music is awesome & the crowd is always entertaining.
2	Rate this place based on it's name! The food is only good if you're hung over. My family went here for a cheap and quick dinner of junk food. For what we expected, it was just fine. Large menu of cheese steaks and hotdogs. The cheese steak was dry, but the cheese and bread were good. The fries were good.
1	HORRIBLE customer service!  A friend and I went here yesterday for lunch and we both got screwed on the price and change.  I ordered 2 sliders, tater tots and a large drink which should have come up to $10 plus tax.  The cashier says $15.56 so I gave her $16 hesitantly and asked for a receipt.  She said she couldn't give receipts but that it was only $13.56 so handed me back $1.25.  They only have quarters so she couldn't give me the rest of my $.44 change.  I didn't realize until after I left I should have gotten another dollar back as well.  Oops!  After I got my change I re-calculated the total in my head and was sure she charged me wrong,  I asked her about it again and she was extremely rude and said she wasn't going to argue with me since she didn't overcharge me.  She helped other guests and then went and got the manager from next door.  She reprinted my receipt and handed it to me saying "see I didn't overcharge you".  Actually she did, she charged me for 2 large drinks instead of 1, so that was an extra $2.50 I paid.  They gave me my money back and did apologize but it was sarcastic.  My friend also got shorted $.06 in change but she didn't want to say anything since they were so rude.  Either the cashier had no clue what she was doing or the management is very shady and trained her to be that way.  It they are keeping a few cents change from each customer, that can really add up.  Food overall wasn't horrible.  Best part was the bread on the sliders though.  Meat was cheap, tater tots were greasy and cheap tasting too.  I guess I expected better being in Scottsdale surrounded by so many great restaurants.  This place won't last long.  Much better places within walking distances.  Don't waste your time or money here.
1	absolutely awful, the food was sub par, and the service was awful, they gave my order to the wrong people and it took them forever to realize it. i would not recommend this place for anything, let alone the world famous cheesesteak.
1	Was hoping for a better experience. The reason it gets only one star is because my pet peeve is cold food. Our whole meal was cold. Plus the key ingredient for steaks and hoagies is the roll. It was terrible. Server didn't give a rip. Won't be back.
5	The mac&cheese bites are amazing dipped in ranch! Perfect late night snack!Sweet potato tots dipped in mustard is another great option.
1	Okay FUCK THIS PLACE!! My friends and I came here not knowing philly sandwich co. had relocated. We had already walked all the way down from the other side of old town so we said "Why not?" even though the sandwiches are fucking 8 bucks plus...ridiculous. So we order, and my friends get their sandwiches within five minutes. I waited at least ten for mine- the place wasn't even busy and the girl was just letting it sit there while she brought out other orders that were placed after mine. I made eye contact with her several times before saying anything and she still didn't do anything. When I said "What happened?" she said "What did you order?" and then she finally brought it. I don't know if she thought she was being cute or what- but it wasn't even that good- fine for food after drinking, when you're hungry, but any other time-no. The worst part is that I TIPPED HER. Fucking bitch. It will take no time at all for this business to tank. Wish we had known that Philly was just around the corner. :/ Whore. I hope karma will give it to you in spades when you're out of a job!!!
1	Hangover food is right. Actually, it should be drunk food. Because it's only good if you're drunk.My husband and I came in for lunch. He got a cheesesteak and I had the Italian. The bread, which is critical for a cheesesteak, was your typical food service hoagie roll. Blah. The meat on my Italian was fine, but they bathe the thing in cheap Italian dressing. Really? I thought when you said Italian dressing, it'd be like normal hoagie dressing - oil, spices - in other words, good. Sigh. My husband's cheesesteak, was just meh. Meat was fine, the peppers undercooked (probably thrown on the same time as the steak), and the cheese melted. I know he didn't really like it because there was about half the sandwich left when he threw it away.The nicest thing I can say about this place is the Diet Coke was hardcore carbonated, just the way I like it.
1	I came here in the middle of the afternoon. It's used to be a cheesesteak shop, which has since moved around the corner somewhere. Coming to Big B's middle of the afternoon, place was Dead sober, empty. I was the only customer, bad sign #1. The girl at the counter looked bored out of her skull, and pretty unenthusiastic in her service and demeanor overall. not unpleasant though. Tip: If u order water, get bottled water. The water from the fountain machine tastes like... Lead or some kind of metal. It almost made me vomit. I got 2 sliders and a bag of chips. The sliders were, "meh" - better off getting cheeseburger from McDonald's.. The place has a new name, new signs, but food is still not very good. They do have cheesesteaks, but since I'm guessing that the same recipe/methods are used for their cheesesteaks, I didn't get one. I don't think I'll be coming back again, not even for late night greasy food. Don't know how this place survives, maybe it's location alone is the reason.
