3	I went into get my zipper fixed on my boot. He did a good job on the boot but the customer service wasn't great.  I used my card for the small cost but he complained about it because he said he gets charged for the purchase. I can understand his side of it but I thought he could have been more friendlier about it. Unsure if I would go back
5	I have taken many shoes, boots, a few purses, chaps, and leather coats, to have fixed and have always been very pleased with their work, service, and efficiency. I could take my items to a place closer to me, but it's worth driving a bit out of my way to know I'll be treated well.
4	The closest shoe repair place to me is closed for a while, so I ventured to the north side of Madison. When I got to this place (in a little strip mall, parking wasn't an issue) there was a sign that they were opening at noon instead of 9am that day. Luckily I got there at noon, not 9am. I dropped off my shoes (red leather maryjanes with some busted elastic) with the older gentleman in charge of what seems to be a one-man show. He was polite enough. Not friendly, not brusque.  He said to come back in a week, told me how much it would be, and gave me my numbered ticket. I returned in a week, got my lovely shoes (perfectly repaired, he re-did the elastic on the other shoe so they'd match), paid him, and was back in my car (parked right in front of the shop) in no time. I'd be happy to take any other leather goods to this shop for fixing up.
2	If your shoe repair is anything harder than a busted elastic, you're better off going someplace else. The man who does the repairs shies away from any projects that seem involved, for example, gluing the shoe back on a shoe. How hard is that, really? I took in a boot where the sole was coming off and he didn't even look at it before saying no. "Are you sure there's absolutely nothing you can do to fix it?" "NOPE." He may also have added that no one could possibly fix it but Eastside Shoe Repair was more than willing to give it a shot. (Eastside Shoe not only said they could fix it, but they also did it for free. Definitely skip this place and head over to Eastside for quality shoe repairs with friendly customer service.)In summary: curmudgeonly old dude will refuse to fix your shoes, go to Eastside Shoe Repair.
5	Once in a while you run into a shop that really does things well and, when that happens to me, I like to give them a shout-out. Today it was Heel and Sole a shoe repair place on Sherman (in Madison). I thought I was going to be dropping off my leather coat to get the zipper replaced. Instead he asked a few questions and said, "Let's try a smaller repair first." He took my coat to the back and two minutes later had repaired it. When I tried to pay him, he laughed and said, "No. No charge. Go away, now." (In a very funny way -- not at all rude.) Day = made.
