4	Pets. We either love 'em or use their inherent cuteness to attract the opposite sex...or so I've heard. Puppies? Adorable. Kittens? Cute. Birdies? Amusing. BAH!!!! These pets are pure amateurs compared to the likes of the creatures at Pet Kingdom USA! What's that you say?! Reptiles, amphibians, crustaceans, insects and rodents are cool, too?! Pshaw!! Guffaw!! Snicker!! Hardy-har-har, my friend! 'Tis mere child's play!!Let's see what's on the inventory list at Pet Kingdom, shall we? Ferrets? Check! Prairie dogs? Check! Hedgehogs? Check! Sugar gliders? Check! Monkeys? Check! Baby kangaroos? Check! Bush babies? Check! White Siberian Tiger belonging to Sigfried and/or Roy? Uh, no. That's down the street...Amazing, ain't it? Yes, you too can have your very own pet monkey or prairie dog!! It'll cost ya, though, so you'd better bring your Visa, Mastercard, American Express, or fat wad o' cash! Sorry, no personal checks or food stamps permitted. It's all about the benjamins, baby!Seriously, though, Pet Kingdom is absolutely amazing when you check out their inventory of in-stock pets. No, they can't really compete with the likes of Petco or PetSmart when it comes to pet supplies or food, but they have them both beat in terms of sheer animal variety. The wife and I came here (twice) for our pet ferrets. I wanted a hedgie, but the ferrets are way more exciting, trust me! Anyway, yes, we did see a baby kangaroo in the store during a visit. After seeing that, I wouldn't be surprised if they had a wildebeest out back in the storeroom.I love stopping by here just to check out their selection. So, why only four stars? Well, the whole pet industry is somewhat saddening at times when you consider that many of the exotic species here aren't meant to be domesticated (Ferrets ARE domesticated, by the way; don't confuse them with the endangered black-footed ferrets of the mid-west). So, I can't condone the purchase of sugar gliders, monkeys, kangaroos, or any other very rare creatures here. Also, some of the baby critters are so friggin' adorable that I wish I'd won the lottery and could buy 'em all up and take them home with me.Note: For any of you looking for ferrets (specifically Marshall ferrets), this place has them in stock on a consistent basis. I suggest calling ahead for availability. Bring a camera, too, 'cuz these things are cute as heck!If you're in the Las Vegas area (as a visitor or native), this place has to be seen in order to be believed! I'd rank it pretty high on my list of places to visit in Las Vegas...right between the Bellagio Hotel/Casino and Scores Gentleman's Club. ;)
5	This place is just amazing. We got Hazel (our hedgehog) here and she has been a doll. All the animals were healthy and you can tell the staff knew what they were doing. I had my mind on a hedgehog for the past few months and finally made the drive here for the weekend. They had all the furry friends you can think of, ferrets, sugar gliders, marmosets, hedgehogs, guinea pigs, degus, etc.I've made it a point to stop by this place everytime I am in Vegas just to see all the cool stuff. Friendly staff, clean store, healthy animals, what more can you ask for?
5	This is a really cool place. Tons of a variety of animals for pets. Truly caring people run and care for all the animals. It is a smallish place FULL of animals. All looked well loved and tended too habitats. From monkeys, ferrets, pot bellied pigs, puppies, reptiles, snakes, birds. We purchases a friendly cocateil (sp?). Awesome place to just take the kids to see the variety. Really fun.
4	My cockateil needed claws and bill clipped for routine care. They took him and did it in minutes. He was happy and they only charged me 5.00$$ Great friendly staff lots of great animals. There was 1 bearded dragon that was dead in its' tank. Quickly removed...
4	This store is packed with pets and pet supplies. While they have a good selection of the common pet trade reptiles, the real specialty of Pet Kingdom is the exotic. They have a few species of turtle not usually found in pet stores as well as a couple of rare skinks and iguanids. As others have noted, they do have two cute little monkeys for an exorbitant price.  The pets all looked healthy. This was even true about the Timor Monitor which usually don't look good in pet stores.
4	Although I purchased my hedgehog at Exotic Pets, I prefer this place between the two.  Pet Kingdom is a great place for exotic animals and they take very good care of them, too.  They have babysitting services for your pets when you're away or need to house them somewhere temporarily for any reason.  They also have great supplies for the exotics that they carry, from houses to food.  Their prices are higher than Exotic Pets, their only competitor, but the living conditions of their animals is cleaner, bigger, and better.  I went here recently to purchase live meal worms, hoping that my hedgehog would take to them.  It was only 8 bucks for 1/2 dozen live large ones and 50 count small dormant ones (that you have to refrigerate).  Not bad.  They also carry the hedgie bags and houses, snuggle blankets and wheels.  They have cute animals, including monkeys, dogs, cats, ferrets, rabbits, gerbils, guineas, hedgehogs, hamsters--you name it, they have it.  Again, I'm very happy at how clean this place is.  All the cages are clean from poop and other debris, and it looks like all the animals are happy and healthy.  Their floors are clean, too, and I didn't see any spider webs or dirt on the floors anywhere, which I appreciate.  It means that they care.Great place to pick up your standard pet or exotics, so stop by here and take a look around.  You may go home with a bunny or two :)
4	I got to pet a pot belly pig!!!! (on this visit)I always stop here to look around, due to our pet stores lacking anything really "exotic." The staff is always super friendly I ask 20 million questions while I'm ogling over all the neat animals. They are jam packed with a large selection of different gadgets for pets, along with the necessities, and animals of course (which all look very well kept and healthy).Definitely a treat, being a pet lover to visit here.
5	I love this store. I go here for all of my Beardies food. (big roaches and pinkies) The people are always super helpful, I have been thinking of getting a uromastyx and always have random questions about stuff and they are way helpful. They also have a pet perks club, which you join for ten bucks then get 30% off feeder stuff. It's a great deal and has already paid for itself for my hungry guys.PLus my sister and I go in here at least once a week to check out all the cute little baby lizards and bunnies. :)
5	I purchase my feeder mice here for my snake. They have a neat food club you can join that'll save you a couple cents off your feeder items (mice, rats, worms, crickets, etc.), which I feel is extremely helpful due to the fact I feed my snake 4-5 weeks on average. Besides from the food club their items are fairly reasonable compared to other exotic shops around Vegas that might charge a little more for the sake of it being "exotic". I like this is a very down to earth store with down to earth people.The staff here is extremely helpful and knowledgeable, I feel comfortable coming here when I know people know what they're talking about, especially about reptiles. The store is well-kept, and their reptiles are fairly healthy in clean cages and freshly supplied water.
5	This is my favorite pet shop. I make a visit or two every time I come to Vegas. The people who work there are very helpful and friendly. If you are ever visiting Vegas you have to stop by and check out all of the cool animals
5	Nevada residents are SO lucky.  First of all you can own exotic pets openly (not in Cali) and secondly you have this pet store to help you find, feed and care for your exotic.  I always come by and check out the latest and greatest in exotic pets.  So many really cool creatures to interact with here.They have the coolest resident cat too, he goes and hangs out with the bunnies in their enclosure or will follow you around the store hoping for some petting.  If we ever move here full time I will be their number one customer.Love the staff here, even when I tell them I'm from Cali and just browsing they are still helpful and informative.  Yeah I always buy something too, today it was a big, tough looking leash for my mastiff.
5	I had some hatchling corn snakes that flat out refused to eat. I had called several stores including exotic pets and they basically told me to kick sand when I asked if they would show me how to force feed my hatchlings. I came across this store and made a call. Let me just say that the woman who answered that day was beyond helpful with her suggestions. That evening I stopped by and bought some live pinkies to try out. The woman was so kind and helpful that she told me to come back the next day with the snakes if they didn't eat. Well, the stubborn boys didnt so I went back. She was amazing! Even though I got a little squirmish at how she had to feed them she got them to eat! She was so kind and more helpful than anyone I had to deal with up til now. I'll be making this my new "go to" place for any of my pet supplies!
4	We saw a tourist-alert card for this exotic pet store that has MONKEYS, and we had some time to kill, so bf and I paid them a visit.Unfortunately, they didn't have any monkeys today (more to come in November-ish), but we did see:HedgehogsSugar glidersFerretsChinchillasA pink pigBunniesRats (with and without hair)PuppiesSnakesChameleonsTurtlesKittens (boring, compared to the other stuff)The card we had offered us a 10% discount on any pet purchase, but unfortunately I couldn't convince bf to let me take the pig home.  That round-bellied pinkness was the cutest thing there!  Unfortunately we couldn't pet it.I'd come back to browse this pet store every time I'm in Vegas!  Maybe I'll leave with a piggy sometime in the future.....
4	I wanted to see a black pig, but all they had was a pink one... Dx I still liked seeing the animals though :)
5	Pet Kingdom USA  is a great place to get good information and friendly fair service. I recently visited the shop searching for a pet. I had been to other shops int he area , Only to find rude lazy service. AS soon as we entered the door at Pet Kingdom we were greeted with a smile and had 3 people waiting to help. I was so happy ...I just had to stop by the yelp page and say a nice word or two . Please visit Pet Kingdom USA. Give them the first shot at what your looking for ...you wont be sorry
4	The staff has been pretty helpful when I go in. Since it is a small store, it gets crowded as soon as a couple families come in. The staff seems to do a good job of getting questions answered and still get people rung up in a timely manner. I go here to get Candidae for my dogs, and their prices, with the food club card, are a little below average. We went in for small crickets for our lizards once, and received what were, to us, large, adult crickets. Of course, we didn't notice the size until we got home, and had to go to another store to get the proper sized crickets.
1	I went to this location for the first time to purchase a pair of sugar gliders & an extra cage & to see what food they had available. I have to say I was VERY disappointed in the lack of customer service here & lack of knowledge or care of the two girls behind the counter.#1 When I got to the store, I was not greeted. 1 patron prior to me was, 3 after me were but for some reason it seemed that these ladies had an issue with me (maybe skin color issues? Maybe I looked like someone who was in there before?) After wandering the store for what seemed like 20min (VERY difficult thing to do in a store this small), I still didn't get so much as a "can I help you?"#2 When I finally got tired of waiting to be acknowledged, I went up to one girl behind the counter and asked what type of gliders did they have (gliders are nocturnal & were sleeping in their pouch at the time so I could not see their color). Her response was "Oh, the regular ones". "Standard grey" I asked & got a nonchalant "Yea" & then she returned to fiddling with whatever knick knack she was playing with behind the register. Still no "are you looking for one" or "are you interested in purchasing"... #3 I moved on to look at their food and other animals for sale mostly because I was waiting for my husband to meet me at the shop. The ferrets appeared ill, one had a shut/infected eye, the reptiles were in good condition but the glider cage was filthy. The mice/rats were packed in small cages. Also the pellet food they are recommending for gliders is not healthy AT ALL. There is too much sunflower seed & peanuts (which are high in fat & will lead to obesity & leg paralysis) & pellet food is NEVER a main diet for gliders it can cause lacerations in the mouth. Their mouths are not made to crunch pellets day in & day out, pellets will lead to lack of nutrition, self mutilation & death.#4 When my hubby finally got there he was greeted very warmly, then immediately shunned when the lady behind the counter saw him walk upto me & give me a hug/kiss...Maybe i went in on a day whete the ladies were in a bad mood? I dont know... But having worked in retail a few years ago, i am surprised this place is still in business. In the end, I contacted a breeder & got two darlings w/new equipment & ideas in hand. I was ready to spend upwards of $900 in this store but due to the rude behavior of the present females (there was one guy caring for the reptiles that was nice to my hubby), I instead helped out a local breeder who has much more knowledge
5	I love this place! i got a rabbit here a couple years ago and he was the best rabbit ever! this week my boyfriend wanted to get me another rabbit as an easter present and i told him we had to go here, i messaged them over Facebook and asked if they had any lion heads available and they only had one, i asked if they could hold her for me and they did, i went in on easter and picked her up and she is such a good rabbit, you can tell she was socialized and was well taken care of while she was there. All the girls there were very friendly and helped me pick out everything for her, and even showed me some toys that their rabbits loved, i love this place and this is the only place i would ever go for pets and pet needs :D
5	I love this place! We always make it a point to stop in at least once when we're in Vegas. I wish there was a cool pet store like this is LA! Although since exotic pets aren't legal in CA it probably wouldn't be too exciting, right?Pet Kingdom USA always has tons of fun animals to look at from the exotic (short tailed opossums, ferrets, sugar gliders, monkeys & degus) to the not-so-exotic (puppies, kittens, bunnies & guinea pigs). The staff are normally always very nice, answering questions about all of the animals even though most patrons are tourists that don't make big purchases. Their prices are very fair - I always pick up a dog toy or two here for my pups when I'm in town (you know Mom can't come empty handed!). Last time we stopped in I heard that they also have a link to a coupon for 10% off any animal on their website!There are really only 2 exotic pet stores that I know of in Vegas - Pet Kingdom & Exotic Pets (over on Decatur) & Pet Kingdom wins between the two everyday. The cages are cleaner, it smells better & the staff are friendlier.
5	Mom & pop pet store that has an awesome, knowledgeable staff. Well worth the drive from any part of the valley!Although they didn't have exactly what we were looking for, they were still a great help & the unique animals were great to experience.Looking forward to going back!
4	Staff is great and always willing to assist. Staff also very knowledgeable and will go out of their way to help you. This place can get busy and since this place is tiny, can get a bit crowded. But I have no complaints since the staff and their selection in exotic pets make up for it. Prices may not be the lowest in town, but I'd rather pay a little more from a place that I can trust. Last purchase was a hedgehog. No regrets, will definitely be back
4	Always gotta stop by when I am in town. The ferrets are always fun to visit with.   Friendly staff and a great selection. Plus the House Cats are very mild mannered and like some of the customers attention.
5	This is by far the coolest pet store I've ever been to. Exotic pets are pretty darn cool, and Pet Kingdom USA has a pretty awesome variety. I'm talking about sugar gliders, ferrets, hedgehogs, snakes, and more! I cannot even tell you how badly I wanted to buy a sugar glider or two!!! Too bad they're illegal in Hawaii. :( They're so dang cute and freakin' pimp. They glide! What's more pimp than that?!!!!!!They have regular not-so-exotic pets like guinea pigs, bunnies, etc... but I can see those at other run-of-the-mill kind of pet stores.Anyway, Pet Kingdom USA also sells those cool, decked out shells for hermit crabs and snails. (Not that I have a pet hermie or anything... I just thought they were cool.)And, they sell special pet treats that look like real cookies and pretzels. My friend Jon tried to convince me that they were real cookies and pretzels, so I'd eat them. Hah. Nice try, Jon.He got kelly k. to take a bite of them, though! Overall, this pet store is a great find for both tourists and locals. It was really neat to see some of these animals in real life. The experience, to me, is beyond what any zoo or petting zoo could provide. And it sure beats just watching 'em on TV. 31 Yelps Review Challenge - #12/31
4	I've got a flock of cockatiels (and one lovebird) at home, so I'm always checking out petstores for new toys. Pet Kingdom came recommended from a fellow bird loving friend of mine.It's not a large store, but they have a surprising variety of animals, toys, cages and food. To be honest I wish that they would focus more on supplies and less on having animals, but that's a personal preference.They have a variety of bird toys that easily rivals Petco and Petsmart. The staff also seems knowledgeable in animal care, which is a definite plus.If you're looking for exotic animals they have many, varying from reptiles to sugar gliders. Just make sure you're ready to make that sort of commitment!
5	Pet Kingdom,     I just wanted to take some time out and say, "THANK YOU" for taking such wonderful care of my sun conure, Lucky as well as grooming her.This is the second time you've boarded her and I'm not sure what we'd do if we had to keep her at Mandalay Bay with us.  LOL.I look forward to coming to Las Vegas again in December and Lucky will be in your great hands again.Sincerely,David
4	Pet Kingdom is our go to store for food and supplies for our turtle, beardie and foster ferret.  If you join their food club you get 30% off food.  It only costs $10 to join for a year.  I sometimes save more then $10 on a one visit.  So it is a good deal.  The kids love to come here and see all the different animals.  Most of them you can pet and they have lots of friendly cats roaming around.  I have issues with pet stores.  I wish they would have at least some rescued animals in their store or hold adoption events.  I do bring it up occasionally, hopefully someday they might give it a try.  I have seen them not sell animals to people who they thought wouldn't be a good home.  They ask a lot of questions before selling an animal, especially exotics.  I appreciate that.  It does seem like they really care about all the animals in the store.
5	I live in California so I LOVE  coming into pet kingdom to look at all the exotic animals when I visit Las Vegas. I have bought a hedgehog and 2 ferrets from them already. When I got my hedgehog he had a cold but I called them up and they told me I could come and pick up some antibiotics for free and should take care of it. Which I did since luckily I was still in town and that took care of it. Then a couple years later I decided to buy 2 baby ferrets from them. Great pets!! So living in California  vets can be expensive just for vaccines especially for ferrets! So I decided to call pet kingdom and ask what vaccine to give the ferrets. I spoke to Rebecca who I think is the owner and she is the reason I am giving this place 5 stars! She emailed me the instructions  of how to give the vaccine yourself and what type of vaccine to buy. Saved me over  $200 that would have cost me to go to a vet and instead I did it myself for only $30!!!!  So when my girl ferret got sick I called up Rebecca and told her my ferrets symptoms and instead of getting the normal "we cant give medical advice over the phone she needs to see a vet" thing she amazed me again!!! Told me not to worry too much and  gave me tons of info on what it could be and what to give her. And even told me to call her back later that day to let her know how she was doing. I'm more than a 100% satisfied that I bought my pets from pet kingdom because they are so knowledgeable and caring about all their animals!!!! And all their cages are nice and clean and the animals are all happy =)  Highly recommend this place to anyone looking to buy a great pet where you can always call whenever you have any questions that can be answered thoroughly!!!!
4	The size of this shop is not a kingdom so much as a village. It's got all the things you need in a little store that's part of a large Latin strip mall. The staff was cheerful and it was refreshing to see animals propped up on shoulders and not just behind cages and terrariums. I visited on a Sunday and saw a bearded dragon eat a pinkie mouse on the back counter. One of the clerks was cleaning out a lizard's enclosure while the lizard sat on her shoulder.  I recently acquired a ball python and have been surprised at the lack of support I have with my family and friends. I was surprised at how many people were scared or apprehensive about snakes."Why didn't you just get a dog or cat?" "Is this a subtle way of keeping me away from your home?"I started feeling like an outcast for my decision but coming to this pet store was like finding a safe haven. I could overhear other patrons talking about their snakes and lizards. The pet shop girls (heh, 80s reference) were happy to discuss what size rats would be good food for my snake and none of them winced when grabbing a plastic bag with a frozen rat inside.The shop feels jam packed with supplies and tanks. It's not spacious like the big box stores. I wish that the aisles were wider. But for the vibe of this little store, I like it a lot and I joined their food club for $10/year. It gives me a 30% discount on food. Some items may be more expensive here than the big box stores but I'm happy to support a local shop.
4	I always come to this store when I'm in Vegas and they take pretty good care of all their animals. The associates are always really friendly and willing to help. I purchased two ferrets here long ago and they were both very healthy. Their prices are what gets them 4 instead of 5 stars. Their supplies (cages, cage accessories, ferret supplies, reptile supplies) are crazy overpriced, sometimes twice as much as PetSmart.
1	Disgusting! Absolutely Filthy!! Animals freely walking around the store while others are caged up. They had a cat they used as a breeder free in one cage while having her babies locked up selling for 150.00 in another! If I could give this place negative stars I would!
5	We have been shopping at Pet Kingdom for over 12 years now.  We bought a Rosy boa from them 12 years ago.There have never been anything but great to deal with.  Always honest with us.  We buy pet food and supplies for our many animals.  Mostly a lot of cats we have.They don't have breeder cats there.  The 'Fee" cats they have are ones that customers have brought in and they help out finding good homes for them.  They do have a few house cats walking around the store but they are all friendly and people love them.They have a great selection for being a small store, privately owned and their knowledge is second to none.  We drove seven miles to deal with them passing two other so called pet stores.Any problems and the owner is always willing to step up and take care of us with no problems.  Would be nice of more places were like this one.
5	Hi Pet Kingdom,     Thank you again for taking care of our Lucky (sun conure) over the weekend.  We always love bringing her for boarding at your store and I feel great that she has a lot of friends to play with while we're in the casinos having fun. :-)I look forward to coming to Las Vegas again soon and for sure we will bring Lucky again.Thank you!David
1	The employees seem to lack knowledge with regards to reptiles. They had the savannah monitors on calci sand which is terrible , as Savannah's are suppose to be housed with play sand and dirt mixture. I brought this to all the employees attention that they are basically killing the monitors slowly ... And they told me its a personal preference on which monitors can be housed. Now I suppose it IS a personal preference - but it's NOT the monitors preference. I understand its a pet store and they are in business to sell pets , but at least have proper husbandry and give the poor savannah a fighting chance. I'll just continue to go where I normally go  , where at least there's an attempt at proper husbandry
5	I love this store I bought my hedgehog from them 9/10/2012 he's healthy and he's a great pet.
5	This is a great store!!! Got my cat here three years ago free to good home with kitten kit.  He is happy healthy and playful. I've been back several times to buy toys for him. The staff is always friendly and takes time to help. Love this store.
2	Cramped small pet shop. Ghetto pet shop.
4	Want a hedgehog, a sugar glider, rabbit, short tailed opossum, or a an exotic reptile? Need food or supplies for any of the above? You found the right place. Pet Kingdom carries kittens and puppies, along with a variety of more exotic pets. They also carry hard to find specialty  foods for exotics, including bulk foods. They also have a discount club for frequent food buyers. Also available are bonding pouches, large cages, again, a lot of hard to find products for your exotic pets. Oh, and they have a cute little monkey and house cats that wander the store. If you have an exotic, or are interested in PURCHASING an exotic, definitely check this place out.
4	It's funny, I think my first experience at this store was more enjoyable than most dates I go on. In fact, It felt like a date. I was with someone I liked, and we were entertained by for at least a good 45 min by all the interesting pets! My faves were the veiled chameleons, red foot tortoise's, a freakin marmoset! (Mini-monkey!!), huge ass pythons, a HEDGE HOG! Really? Lol. Anyway, I had fun. Even if you're not out to buy an exotic pet, it's still worth stopping by.
1	They sell animals to people that live in states where those animals are illegal. Example: selling ferrets to people that live in California. These people don't care about animals, they care about money! Adopt, don't shop! They prolly get their puppies from mills too.
5	Super cool pet store! Tons of exotic and domestic pets and animals to take home. Everything from finches to cats. To ferrets to hedgehogs and sugar gliders. However they were fresh out of hedgehogs...But definitely worth the trip to see all the cool animals. You can buy kits and food for your exotic or domestic animals and petsStaff super informative and helpful with deciding what's the best pet for you! Plus they have two monkeys and wondering catsTo look at and pet!!Love this place!!!
5	Got some more hedgehog food :) I got my hedgehogs from here and now they are parents ;D lol
1	This place is a JOKE. They sold me a sick animal and when i called to tell them the next day that she is sick they dont care. No Compassion for the animals there. She said oh well I can return her. After going back and forth she says she will refund me half the price I paid for her when vet bills are going to be way more than I paid. This place is ridiculous and this is why I never buy from pet stores they come sick from puppy mills and pet mills and they lack proper care there at pet kingdom, which led to my poor new pet to be hospitalized and on meds TWO DAYS after purchasing her. If you want a sick animal go here!
1	Pet kingdom USA is a cruel store of black market animals. The animals this store carries are deprived of the enriched environment they need. I highly discourage supporting this store.
4	I love going here just to SEE the exotic animals they have. Outside of the animals, EVERYTHING is marked up price wise.  They always have fun stuff to see!! PROS: Seeing animals you rarely get to see.CONS: The mark up on pet supplies.
4	The best costumer service I have ever recieved at a pet store. The owner would always gladly check and see if they had what I was looking for in stock on the phone and was even friendlier in person. She is lovely. The other staff is as well. I've been in this store countless times this summer and it's always fun to look around. They have every kind of animal you might want. The reason I am giving only 4 stars is because the rats (hairless specifically) often are very young and can look a little sickly. My friend bought one and it died a couple days later. BUT and that's a big but, once again the staff was absolutely wonderful and took care of the issues right away with a refund and an apology. I'm not going to judge the quality of the other animals health because I didn't personally experience that. But I will say the animals seem to be well taken care of for the most part. I would absolutely recommend you visit for yourself and see this store. I'll be returning plenty more times!
5	I love this place. Great workers and selection of animals.  From Chipmunks to Lizards.
5	I'm from CA so we don't have these types of animals in our pet store. This is the first place where I seen ferrets in real life. There was a large variety of animals in here especially for a small shop. All the animals were really cool. The birds, cats, dogs, chipmunks, ferrets, hubby's, etc. I go to Vegas pretty often and we try to stop by the shop sometime during our trip.
5	Love it!  Staff were friendly and it was exciting to see the variety of exotic  animals. Although a small store, i It is a well organizedThe anals were well cared for. is a must visit in my book. Love my new fur baby!
