3	I can not say this place was horrible at all.  Besides some neighbors who don't care that they live in a community and not a private house, overall it was a good experience. The office staff could do more but I understand how it is to please so many.  Coming from PA to AZ and needing a affordable and close place from work without a long waiting period for approval, they were ok.  It is not the Ritz but it is clean and affordable.
3	On an apartment search with a time crunch (needed to move in within 3 weeks) within a limited area, this place beat out the rest in the area for the amount of apartment you get for the price. Utilities are included in the rent, but this does not mean that you have less control over the temperature of the apartment. The thermostats work just fine, as does the heat and A/C which both pump quite efficiently. Laundry rooms and common areas are clean and well maintained. The hot tub is open but the jets have not worked in months (this makes me sad) but the management company just refurbished one of the pools and it is back to functional.Upon move-in, the few things that I pointed out needed attention (battery in the smoke detector, missing fire extinguisher, broken bathroom fan) were addressed and fixed within half an hour. Impressive.There is an online option for paying rent - credit card (with fee) and echeck (no fee). Pet deposit was reasonable (2 pets, one deposit and a combined pet rent that's reasonable) and my furbaby has adjusted well.Free wi-fi in the office - and they make Otis Spunkmeyer cookies fresh in the office every day. Yum.
4	Timbertree Apartments are decent if you are just looking for a decent affordable place to live.  These apartments offer you close proximity to Chase Bank, Metro Center and all the area restaurants in the area.  You have a shopping center right next door that includes the 99 cents only store, Petco, Staples, In&Out Burger and much more.Rent is cheap.  Staff are friendly.  New management took over less than a year ago.  Grounds are generally clean.  They ( MGT ) work with you if you are late or gonna be late on your rent.  Residents seem nice enough and stay to themselves.My brother has lived there probably for three years now !
4	I have to live in Phoenix temporarily and needed a place to live.  I wasn't able to visit AZ before moving so I found these apartments online.  they are affordable, in a great location for dining and shopping and not far from downtown PHX.  the best part about these apartments is the managers will bend over backwards to accomodate you and make sure you are satisfied!  one day I got stuck in LA and one of the managers even walked my dog for me!  they treat you well here!
1	great location earns them one star!  the other one word is ROACHES.  they brought in exterminators that are scamming the apt complex, they make you leave your apt for 4 hrs  to exterminate. (at the time I saw no roaches) now everyday! I don't know if the exterminator was scamming the apt complex ,or the apt complex is scamming the people, but its a roach infested apt complex that refuses to pay top dollar for a real exterminator!  either way I don't live in roach motels, Im out when my lease is up! (ONLY BEEN HERE 4 MONTHS) next 8 will be trying at best!
