4	I'm currently the Duchess of this Walgreens and every time I stop in, I shed a tear when I realize this little lonely drugstore doesn't have any reviews. So, let me be the first to review and live up to my responsibilities as the Yelp iPhone app duchess! Walgreens is my one stop shop for anything relating to necessity. The pharmacy is amazing and so are the staff. When the temperatures exceed 105, I breathe a sigh of relief knowing that I can just drive through the trusty drive-through to pick up my prescription. Here's a little secret...I've never had to wait in line either! The store is equipped with a photo center, cosmetics, bath products, appliances and anything else I might need on the go. If you're traveling on the 101 South and need to make a quick drugstore stop, get off on the McDonald exit, go right and my trustee Walgreens will be waving you in. That's all I really have to say about my little buddy on McDonald and Granite Reef. No matter what time of day, I know that Walgreens is there for me.
3	The Walgreens loses a star and a pharmacy customer in me after my most recent experience. I have been going to this Walgreens for nearly a year and had positive experiences with the pharmacy, regardless of the consistently slow service. However, in the last two months, the customer service has completely diminished. Last month, I had an issue with a prescription discount card and the girl who helped me ended up working it out. This month, I refilled the same prescription and when I went to refill it, they claimed my discount card wouldn't go through. I ended up waiting there for an hour while the same girl who helped me last time tried to figure it out. After an hour wait and attitude from her the entire time, the girl finally found a solution and I was able to get the discount. However, while ringing me up, she informed me what she did regarding the discount last time in order for it to work out and told me that I need to remember this moving forward and if I had remembered it, it wouldn't have taken so long. I wasn't aware that the customer is responsible for remembering what the Walgreen's pharmacy staff does on their own commuters to make a prescription and discount card go through. I then asked if Walgreens has an area where they can write notes about perscriptions so they can remember certain issues and if they can make an admin note on their end to avoid these problems. The girl rudely informed me how many customers she has and how it's impossible to remember everyone's notes and Walgreen's does not have a way to right notes in a patient's file. After she got heated with me and I was leaving, she rudely said, "you have a Merry Christmas" in a way that meant the opposite. So after waiting for my prescription for an hour after coming back three days in a row to get it and then being treated like this, I think I will consider visiting another Walgreen's location for my pharmacy needs.
4	I go out of my way to go to this Walgreens because of how clean and well-organized it is. Late night staff is always very friendly. The pharmacist was helpful and polite and answered all of my questions passionately. They have my business!
4	This Walgreens gets 4 Stars from me for being open on Christmas Day.  I needed to grab some Candy, cards, and a few other items.  The Basha's next door was closed, but this place saved me.Besides that, it's convenient and dependable.  Plenty of parking always available.Return Factor - 92%
5	This review is exclusively for Adam S., pharmacist. I think the "S." stands for Sweet-as-Pie, as he is MAYBE the nicest human with whom I have ever interacted.I've been going to this Walgreens for about a year now, and I see him almost every time I stop in (monthly). Adam has always been super nice and helpful, but this time he thanked ME for being "pleasant". WHAT! amazing. I'm sorry for yell(p)ing.. but I dont think I've received a compliment on my manners since I was 6 years old, and it was the sweetest thing! I'd really just like to say, Thank YOU, Adam S. I may be "pleasant", but, it takes one to know one.
3	The pharmacy gets 5 stars, and the rest of the store gets 2, for an average of 3-ish.  I've filled several precriptions here and the pharmacy staff has always been pleasant and efficient.  They knew my insurance card was a prescription card, as well (even though I wasn't sure myself).  I get a text when my stuff is ready, and so far, it's been ready on time (fitting with their estimates). The store itself is just ok - very clean, slightly below average selection, with convenience store prices.  The real problem is that I've had an extremely slow checkout person every time, and several times they've been so slow and inept that I've left without my purchase.  It's really nice that they employ elderly people, but they need to be trained to handle purchases in a somewhat timely manner.   When I'm paying convenience store prices, I expect, well, convenience.
3	It's Walgreens. It has medicine, shampoo, junk food, and makeup. If you are expecting more, shot at Target.
