5	I am in the middle of a massive home remodel, on a very conservative budget.  I've used yelp to research businesses, but have never been moved to write a review. Jim Bublik at Empire inspires me.  He's smart, knowledgeable and  a pleasure to work with.  I've made several purchases from him.Empire has great prices on building supplies (i.e. doors, windows, molding, hardware).  Their prices are better than the big home improvement stores like Lowes and Home Depot.   I know because I always compare pricing.  Moreover, their customer service and technical knowledge is so good even I would pay a premium for it! (But as noted above, luckily I don't have to).It's a bit of a hike out to Mesa, but it's worth it.   This is a local business that deserves your attention.  Nicole
2	I called a few weeks back and spoke to the sales person who after speaking with me for a few minutes needed to get back to me on a quote. I have no problem with that understanding that prices have to be looked up before issuing an accurate quote. He said he would call me back. Fast forward 2/3 weeks later never heard back so I called back and again spoke to a person who answered the phone who apologized for the delay in responding to me and said that the sales person was assisting another client. Fast forward 1 more week and again no call back. So I visited the website and wrote them a note. Fast forward another week.  You guessed it, no response.  So I guess my point being is this, Empire Windows and Doors may be a legit business the folk I've spoken with are pleasant and attentive however, not returning a customers calls (for whatever reason)is not the best way to do business.  I suggest they either hire more sales people or put in place a better system that tracks your potential clients calls. Maybe set a reminder?Sorry Empire you forced my hand here.Robert
5	Windows look great!Going to use them for our front door once I have the cash.They arrived on time, completed 8 windows in less than 6 hours and cleaned up the mess. Great communication as we discussed options on windows.
