4	My front office experience with Pueblo was friendly and fast.  The xray technician was cordial and efficient.  Haven't had a billing problem.  But I do agree that the front offices of many medical establishments detracts from the medical professionalism of the enterprise.  Hope this isn't true with Pueblo in the future.
1	This company sent me to collections for services I never received. I have no idea how they got my information! They did nothing to help me resolve it.
5	I love this place! Doctors , the techs, the staff, they are so nice and really treat you well!!! Dr. Murakami, Dr.Oh, Dr. Welling, Kelly (ultra sound tech), all five stars! I would recommend this place, even the scheduling office, (Michelle), very accomodating!!
3	My husband and I both had to be seen for X-rays. They had to reshoot our X-rays twice. They seemed a bit unorganized with the films. The wait time wasn't bad though. Friendly crew.
1	I went to ER with terrible pain on my left side and it could barely breathe... My chest Xray was wrongly diagnosed and i was sent home from ER still in total pain... I had never been to the ER in my life so i went home thinking maybe i was being a baby about the pain.... 2 days later i woke up in the middle of the night in so much pain even worse than before... I told my husband to drive me to the ER and he was like "Why, they didn't admit you last time?" I told him i don't care and to take me NOW.... I get there and they bring me back for another chest Xray and my left lung was almost collapsed... The ER thanked me for coming back so soon.... Shame on St Rose and Shame on Radiology Associates of Nevada .... Now i owe them tons of money .... they almost cost me my life and now they are sending me bill after bill... I feel that if i was diagnosed properly the first ER visit that i would not of spent 3 WEEKS IN THE HOSPITAL!!!
5	I had a mammogram today and ended up needing an ultrasound as something suspicious showed up on the mammo. Everyone involved, the mammo tech, ultrasound tech and the Radiologist was extremely helpful, profession and friendly! The Radiologist, a woman who only does breasts, even came in and did her own ultrasound as she said " her name is on it and wants to be sure " I was so impressed with the quality of customer service and care that I received. Thank goodness everything is ok. In this day and age when most of us feel like a number and not a person when we go into a medical facility, let me tell you...this was a breath of fresh air! Just a wonderful experience today.
