3	This review is actually 3.5 stars.I'm a believer in that Mill Avenue is a hotbed of douche baggery.  I feel like a douche just being there.  Especially at night.  At night, the smell of Axe Body Spray is so thick you could choke a mule to death.During the day, there are some pretty decent, quiet spots to get your grub on.  Hippies Cove is a pretty solid Mexican food joint.  The prices are decent and they load the SHIT out of your burrito.  Their tacos are pretty awesome too.  They have a couple of the more standard Mexican beers in the back fridge too so you can catch a little food/buzz too if you want.The service isn't the friendliest, but it's quick and awesome.  It's not friendly but they're definitely not rude.  They don't roll their eyes at your for asking for cheese or something, they just won't kiss your ass and call it ice cream.I think the interior and the whole theme of the place is kinda, you know, it's kind of stupid.  It's sorta like they're trying to ride the coattails of Two Hippies or rock a "counter culture" kinda theme like Cheba Hut or something.  It's really inconsistent.  You'll see this picture of Bob Marley, Jerry Garcia and, like, Jimi Hendrix but the person working behind the counter is about un-hippie as it gets.  It's just a name and a theme thrown together pretty half-assed.I like the food, I like the service, but the decor is lame but it's not a big deal.  Eat outside.
3	I go to this place every so often. It's on Mill Avenue. Mill Avenue sucks. Go there expecting to be surrounded by abnoxious douchebags, revving crotch rockets, and whack no talent street performers. Every time I go down Mill I find something to be angry about. But that's not the point. I'm not reviewing Mill here. I'm reviewing this taco shop. The tacos here are bomb. The fish tacos are particularly fresh and tasty. The ground beef tacos are rediculously good. It's so hard to find a good ground beef taco. It's like, since Taco Bell invented the 69 cent ground beef taco all the sudden the more sophisticated taco shops started acting like they were too good for ground beef. They act like ground beef is plebeian or something. Well, ground beef is not plebeian. It's delish. Shredded beef is gross. It's dry and chewy and has no flavor. Thank you, Hippie's Cove, for having ground beef tacos. Sure, Hippie's Cove has a horrible location. If they just picked a cool off Mill location somewhere quiet and out of the way I'd probably get tacos there twice a week. 4 stars.
4	While walking down Mill and hungry for lunch, I stopped in Hippies Cove. Nice name...The decor was very nice - I felt right at home. Of course, I am from a small town in Ohio called Yellow Springs that was known for hippies and while living in Atlanta I frequently visited Little Five Points. This restaurant would fit in either location.The place was of good size, but was mostly empty during lunch. I walked up to the counter and looked over the options, unsure how it worked. Then I noticed the menu on the left-hand wall. I went with the three tacos, carne asada. I added cheese, pico, sour cream and onions. It came with a side of chips with a very good salsa. Very quick service and good quality food. Add to that the nice decor - what's not to love?
4	I quite enjoyed this little place. Personally, I quite enjoy Mill. And I live within walking distance so I'm there a lot. (No, I'm not an ASU student.) But that's besides the point. I thought the food here was fresh and quite delicious and prices were nice. I like fish and always have to try fish tacos and this one did not disappoint. It was grilled and seasoned and had a hint of lime, not deep fried and artery clogging like other fish tacos. I had a side of black beans as well. At some places the black beans are too damn salty. Here they were not salty, but seasoned with chili pepper (or something spicy like that) and had bits of onions in it. I hung out inside, watched some Spanish TV, and enjoyed lunch.
3	I have gone here on a few occassions, with a few different types of people. first time, the service was pretty below standard. The girls seemed a little irritated that we had arrived and they really just did not look like my standard perception of hippies. If you see them, you will know what I am talking about. Another time, I went with my mom when she suggested taco bell.. this was a much better option indeed. The man (who must be the owner), was super. He asked what we were in the area for, we told him we were looking for wedding dress material. We sat down with our food and next thing you know, man's brought out the phone book, turned to the right section, and he has his wife on the phone. Apparently, she knew all the hot spots. If this review was based on that alone, I would give it a 6! But it's not. The street tacos are really good, and the place is right up my alley in budget. I will rate it a 3 this time(but I wish I could rate 3.5), b/c out of the 5 or so times I have gone, the "man" has only been there once. He really boosts the rating for me. I will try again though, b/c it is good food. I might bump it to 4 later. Would give it more but it's on Mill. And I will have to use his word "douche baggery"- because really, there is no better word to explain the aura of the area.
1	They should call this place Yuppies Cove. The eating area is dark and unwelcoming, both times I went the woman behind the counter was extremely unfriendly,  the prices are way to high even for Mill and to top it off, the food sucks. Also, no one working there seemed to care about the fly that was buzzing around  the open food containers, helping himself to a free lunch. No one except me.Don't get me wrong, I'm not a snob, I eat at crusty looking establishments and as long as the food is good and the place appears to be marginally clean I am a happy camper! But  the food doesn't lie. If you want fake mexican, you would be better off going to a chain like Chipotle. At least they have vegetarian options.ALSO, the2nd and last time I went I witnessed a man who works there snatch a cup of beer out of another persons hand and in the process dump said cup all over another patron. My vote is stay away.
4	Quick service, reasonable prices, and great tacos. The three taco combo was great. I'd much rather visit this locally owned establishment than other chains. Good food, give it a try!
2	I actually really didn't like this place. I expected way more because it seemed like it would be really great but the food tasted bland to me...I might be convinced to give it another shot but for the most part I really just doubt I'd ever go back when there's so much great food to be had around here.
4	one of the only safe havens on mill from the rampant and ferocious packs of yuppies, d-bags, greek life and all other forms of undesireables that frequent that short strip of put on commerce. My hatred for mill avenue aside; Hippie's Cove is a decent spot. The new owners are pretty decent people that treat you right and have always done good by me; once drinking on their front stoop a disgusting little flying rat of a pigeon happened to shit smack dab into my pitcher of brew! incredulous i stared at the white gob of feces floating in my beer, as a street tramp chuckled and said it was 'good fortune to have a bird shit on you.' "well he didnt shit ON me rather in my beer!" i said exasperated, so i walk inside and show the owners son (methinks) and he laughs and gives me a free pitcher on the house! good man.  The food is generic chipotle/qdoba-esque mexican digs: not bad tasting and healthily proportioned but "run of the mill". My main reason for coming here is some cheap munchies, and the ice cold PBR on tap. no where else on mill ave (at least the short stip along campus), as far as i know, offers my favorite hillbilly hipster beer on tap, hell even the sail inn doesnt have Pabst on tap!  all in all if your on mill for whatever reason, avoid the trash and duck in here, you wont be disappointed!
2	The other evening I saw someone eating a burrito on Mill Ave. and it looked pretty good so I inquired as to its origin and was directed to Hippies Cove. I continued on my way with a burrito in mind for another day. Today, I got that burrito. Walking through the doors I felt rather awkward. There were no signs directing me where to place my order, just a worker and two apparent patrons huddled silently together. As I made my way towards them, patron 1 dispatched and quickly walked out the front door, perhaps to secure the perimeter, grumbling all the while. It was then that I was greeted by a pleasant woman who prompted me to give my order. As I glanced at the menu, I suddenly became aware of patron 2 again, who was making his best effort to look as menacing as he possibly could; was it possible that I had interrupted some important negotiation? I found him humorous and concluded that he only posed a threat to my appetite for he smelled a bit. Reenter patron 1. Patron 1 apparently found the environment of the restaurant more suitable than the outdoors; perhaps he was afraid of being picked up on an existing warrant. Upon receiving my burrito, I bid the menace, his counterpart and the pleasant woman farewell, exited the building and returned to my car. Once home I devoured the burrito out of sheer hunger; it was rather tasteless and I questioned the freshness of ingredients. Needless to say, that while the burrito wasn't as rich as I'd hoped, the characters involved certainly were.
2	please do not put lettuce and gas station cheese on chips and call it nachos....soooo gross!!  Nice place to sit outside and people watch while having some beers and margaritas
2	My burrito was tasty enough, but a) I was over halfway through it before I got a bite of meat, and b) I ordered a carne asada burrito with guacamole, and not only was there no guacamole, but there was chicken instead of beef. Now, I'd be more forgiving about this if the place were busy, but I was literally the only customer in there. The only reason it gets two stars is because, well, it WAS a relatively good burrito.
2	Meh.I wandered in here on my lunch break. I'm new here, and I heard the Mexican food is great in AZ and I just love Mexican! I had to try it. The Hippies Cove reminds me again how important Yelp is. Well, it was a bad $11 mistake that I won't be making again. Here is my review in short:I was the only customer there at that time. The guy who served me at the counter seemed uninterested. Styrofoam plates. Microwaved food?? Not sure. Crappy cheese. Plastic cup for water. Cute decor, but didn't cut it. And upon leaving, he didn't even say goodbye to me because he was too caught up in his lady friend.Avoid this place. I'm sure it's a great hangout for teens, but the experience overall sucked.
3	WHERE IS YOUR BARTENDER AT?! This is the second time that I've been here in the last month. Their karaoke DJ is hella bomb but their service leaves much to be desired. When my friend and I got there, the first thing that was on our mind, of course, was getting drinks. You're a bar on mill, of course that's what we want (you know your audience, right?) But, alas, no bartender in sight until I asked the security guy where he was at. It seemed that the bartender was some unkempt fellow, pudgy in the middle with a fauxhawk and some facial hair (good enough description?). He told me that he didn't have the ingredients for the few drinks that I requested, even seemed a bit confused as though he didn't know what I was even asking. No apple martini, no colorado bulldog. When I ordered a sex on beach (after our initial rum and coke, hard to mess up, yeah?), he still managed to make that wrong too. After a while, some older, probably more experienced lady came on shift(?) and made drinks better than this guy, who I might add, was also drinking from a plastic red cup and only helping customers when he was seemingly forced to...she did a good job and made drinks right. It's too bad that she wasn't there earlier, it would have made the entire experience a great deal better. This place would be miles and more above the top if they kept knowledgeable bartenders within their establishment. They are on Mill and thus should be up to par with at least mid-range cocktails. If only they had someone as talented as Mel (check the table-top graffiti on the table closest to the wall that faces the front, you know, that corner) then maybe they could have a super-awesome thing on their hands. Until then, it's up in the air. I don't see them as a bar that will last unless they are able to adapt to their surrounding and food offerings. ps. Big ups to John and the security guys for letting me use the restroom. You are very professional and should be around for a long while.
3	My husband and I were just leaving a different night club but heard someone doing karaoke to Biggy....Yep you read right. This was not sappy slow country songs kinda karaoke but old school hip hop karaoke.  Of course they did have the "traditional" karaoke songs available (I sang one myself) everyone there was just singing to have a good time.  The place was pretty empty till about 1pm, but before then to encourage patrons to participate they offered drink specials to all the singers, great idea for those on a budget.  I had no idea they served food though and I had hard time getting the attention of the bartender, which I found odd because I was the only person at the bar at the time.  Although I am not on Mill often next time I might stop and check it out again.
4	Not really busy ever. But they got karaoke, fun bartenders, and its a cool environment. They got $1 PBR's which is cool cuz anywhere else beer is 3.5-5 a beer. We had stopped in once and then the next day the bartender let us in like we were regulars.. Thats what made me really like this place. PLUS BEER PONG!!!
4	I stopped off here on my way off to the more prestigious places of Mill Ave after someone announced that there was $1 beer inside. Why not pre-game before getting raped at another bar? So my brother and I graciously chugged a beer and headed off.While in there I thought it was pretty cool. I am pretty sure that right before I was leaving the bar tender announced that he was getting cups out for some beer pong. How cool is that!? With that said, the place struck me as a down-to-earth place to come and have a drink or two or three and socialize. No expectations, maybe you could say.I'm going to try to come back here - maybe for lunch sometime. :)
5	This place is undergoing a management change :)   great, super friendly staff! The business is in the same spot & I've been told is changing its name :)
