5	I'd been to Melbourne recently, and really enjoyed the plethora of soy "flat whites" consumed there, by me, in my insatiable and seemingly inexplicable need for nutrition, as shared by every living organism for all time. Living organisms can do a lot worse than a good flat white.The gentlemen at the bar were friendly and helpful enough. Talked a bit about Toronto coffee culture, Melbourne coffee culture, and of course Montreal coffee culture. About the qualitative differences between soy and almond milk in a flat white.Good cup of coffee. I'll come back for sure.
5	These Australians are good guys, great product and friendly atmosphere. Made to feel welcome from the word go.. I'd come back any day of the week!
4	Great little Australian themed cafe on St.Laurent, the two guys running it are friendly and more than happy to have a chat. They bake their own muffins and the jaffles were a nice reminder of home. Most importantly the few times I've been in the coffee has not disappointed,  well made espresso and lattes
3	I guess I like this place ok but it doesn't blow me away. I find the espresso sour without the richness of Le Couteau or Odessa or Arts Cafe. The space feels a little dark, and to be honest the sign outside about not speaking French particularly well rubs me the wrong way somehow. I wish them all the best and I'm glad to see they have a following but I have to be honest, Melbourne doesn't jump to the top of my special beloved coffee lists.
5	Love this place! Even though these guys are Australian they do make excellent coffee. PROPER coffee, like in NZ.
5	Solid coffee, great staff and tasty goods. I especially like their tall table in the back, perfect to work along side a short espresso. Great place to hang out.
3	I stopped by to use up my free coffee (you know, indie coffee passport) and got a cappuccino to go. While I waited, I looked up their sweets. They look not bad, some were gluten free while others were vegan. That's good to know!Loved their drawings to indicate what's what like for cookies, a drawing of cookie monster. Definitely made me laugh.Back to the coffee. It didn't came piping hot so that's a plus. As for taste, besides a slight bitterness, found it to be lacking flavor wise. Either because I just had some cold treat or its really lacking or I don't know my coffee. I'm no connoisseur but I can still tell that this is not Tim Horton's or Starbucks.So yes, I was disappointed. Actually, didn't finish it.. And since I rarely stop for coffee in that neck of woods, hard to say that I'll be back for another go
3	Simple place. Decorated on the cheap but with taste. Good coffee and house-made pastries--kind of homey-made-by-mommy, but baked and served by men :)Australians specialties to come.
