4	Award winning Thrifty Ice Cream with Cylindrical scoop . The Only Place in Las vegas Serving Thrifty Ice Cream with over 25 Flavours including Chocolate malt Crunch
4	Mmm nostalgic.The fair priced deliciously comforting ice cream is the customer service itself. Located in a random gas station, makes this place a hidden 1carat diamond in the middle of a sandy desert. With 106+ degrees out, you have better eat and lick it fast before the chocolate malted crunch starts dripping on the side of your sugar cone and onto your white tee.Bad news is, The next thrifty's ice cream offering is not for another 300 miles or so. But that's not accurate. Good news, This one's definitely not too far from the strip. they offer a neat and simple array of flayv's, including build your own ice cream sandwich.
5	The ice cream is super cheap and very delicious! It's located in a pretty random gas station though.
5	I know what you're thinking, but  before you sigh at my rating, know this--the ice cream here beats any Cold Stone joint any day of the week.  Thrifty's Ice Cream used to be a great stop when you drive to Rite Aid, and luckily this one made it in to this gas station when the Rite Aids closed down.  The ice cream flavors aren't as lengthy as other parlors, but this place doesn't need the hub bub of flavors galore. The ice cream speaks for itself.  It's ultra-creamy, perfect sweetness, and no matter what flavor you try, you'll love every single one.  The plus--you cannot beat a cone for a buck and a dime.  It's just too good to be true.Indulge and fill'er up at Thrifty's.
3	Well, I am a Thrifty's connoisseur so perhaps that's why I was disappointed. This is indeed a Thrifty's Ice Cream counter - but to be clear, it's inside a gas station mini-mart.They had a few of the flavors I remembered- thankfully my Chocolate Malted Crunch was there. But I'm confused because... I hate to say but...it wasn't quite as good as the stuff I had a few months back in Cali at a proper Rite Aid (formerly Thrifty's) counter.I did get a dish instead of my beloved cake cone as I was driving and thought that'd be safer with the drips and chose (OF COURSE) the CMC as previously mentioned as well as a scoop of the Cherry Vanilla. The Cherry Vanilla tasted like I remember, and since I haven't had that since oh, let's say a LOOOOONNNNGGGG time ago, it didn't disappoint.But the CMC, well, it was okay. The ingredients were there but somehow it wasn't as chocolaty or as malty as the last one.  I have to imagine this is made locally rather than shipped in but maybe I'm wrong, either way, it was not quite as good.The only other downside for me was the lack of the same kind of cylinder scoops that Thrifty's had, Rite Aid still has them but this was just a regular scoop.
2	OMG!! Thrifty Ice Cream, right?!?  Not quite the same experience we all had as kids; walking up to the ice cream selection at your local drug store, choosing flavors like Chocolate Malted Crunch and bubble gum. THIS Thrifty's happens to be in a gas station. Yay. Not to mention it is on a corner that seems to welcome some of the most transient people Vegas has seen. I went in with my child and his dad we all ordered our ice cream, took it outside to sit down and one of their sparse seating areas and I was freaked out by the homeless chicks begging for bus money. Wasn't quite the childhood memory I was looking for but the ice cream was good and my kiddo was happy with the hidden pieces of gum, so all in all,,,not such a horrible experience.
4	We sure miss the Rite Aid store down the street that housed the Thrifty's Ice Cream counter; it closed down and became a Dollar General store. But we went here a few weeks ago, and yes, the ice cream is cheap and there were about twenty odd flavors, it was almost a challenge to choose just one scoop! I opted for the Butter Pecan, which was very good (of course, next time, I am tryign something different). When I was a kid in the Bay Area, the scoops were 50 cents! Yup, so, needless to say, it is a piece of nostalgia. (There were three places in the Bay Area for ice cream, Thifty's, Swenson's, and Mitchell's.) I'd seen the reviews on this place, and when we finally got here to try it, it was nice to have it again. I'm so glad that there is still a place in town where we can get this ice cream. Yes, it's inside a gas station, but there are some tables and chairs inside for patrons. You can pay at the gas station counter. The lady at the counter was nice. So was the ice cream scooper. Seemed to be other Thrifty's Ice Cream fans too, btw. There was a line after we got our scoops. We're fans, and we'll be back, especially when we are this side of town.
5	2 words.  So good
4	Inexpensive Ice Cream and according to my 15 year old, "better than Dairy Queen!".
3	I read the reviews on Yelp, but I was glad I reread them before attempting to find the place.  It is in the convenience mart called Sparky's at the corner of Twain and Durango.  Had I not read that, I would have been driving back and forth and wondering where Thrifty's was.I ordered a 2 scoop cup of coconut pineapple.  I do like the fact they have so many flavors.  The ice cream was good, but I didn't think it was anything special that would cause me to come back here for that.  What will bring me back is they make a cookie sandwich from any ice cream you choose.  Now that's intriguing and I'll have to try that sometime.
5	Live this! It's a few blocks away from my job so it's a great place for when I get a need for a little something deliciously sweet!
3	Good ice cream with the normal flavors. The cookie dough ice cream could have used more cookie dough bites, but it was tasty nonetheless. It is strange to see an ice cream parlor inside of a standard gas station, but i have no problems with it.
4	It's cheap, it's cold, and they scoop your ice cream in a cup-shaped scooper. There's a pretty good selection of flavors. My boyfriend got the Rainbow Sherbet, our son got the Cotton Candy (so vivid in color!) and I got the Pistachio. They were all pretty delicious and this was on a FULL stomach. (we all just had a pretty heavy lunch). It's located INSIDE a gas station (Smarty's) which honestly, if it weren't for the Thrifty's inside, the place probably would be closed. I think they should just get rid of the gas pumps outside, which I don't think any are in service and clean up the inside and just make the place into a Thrifty's instead of a "Runned Down Smarty's Gas Station.....with the Thrify's inside".
5	Thrifty's has GREAT ice cream in a wide range of flavors - including circus animal cookie (SO GOOD). It's really cheap as others have suggested, but the gas station that housed it is now closed. It looks like they are opening their own shop in the same complex, and I hope they do - and soon!
