1	As a foodie (sadly on a budget) I'm willing and ready to pay astronomical amounts of my cashola in order to enjoy whatever food-dragon I chase. There's no price I won't pay for the ultimate steak experience, and I won't choke on paying over 50$ for a burger, yes a burger. But the pleasure experience better have me bleeding from my eyes before I pass out.And since the burger craze has taken over Montreal I have yet to find one of these joints that can even stand next to my expectations of what a good burger is. All they are is some business man with no knowledge of what good food is starting a stylish hipster-bait restaurant that is all about form over function. O' Burger is no different. You walk in and it's the poor-hipster's version of an ultra trendy restaurant that serves Burgers and Fries. And that's what O'Burger is doing, cashing in on a trend and it's places like O'Burger that will kill the trend.The reception was warm and friendly as was the service, also expedient. O'Burger offers a good variety of burgers, but the template remains the same from burger to burger, that it the meat, the bun and the garden. They offer fries and Poutine of course. So I had the Dallas Burger. Typical interpretation of the Texan burger, that's Jack cheese, some Creole sauce... wait what? Creole? Yeah and it wasn't spicy, not even tangy, not even mustard tangy. Crunchy bacon? Huh, ehhhh, where? Cus I didn't have any bacon in mine. Caramelized onions my ass. The bun was the hit. Most trendy burger joint have dried crackly buns but here it's soft and moist. The meat... is epic facepalm worthy. This patty had nothing resembling fresh or hand prepared. It's the same patty I see in every hipster burger joint. Barely had a beefy taste because of all the filler compacted into a flower shaped patty. This patty was produced by a machine in a factory somewhere, where it was flash frozen. How about that poutine? How about more frozen foods? There's no way those were fresh cut and they tasted even synthetic, so who knows what chemical treatment they endured at the plant. No amount of gravy, cheese, bacon and those ridiculous caramelized onion could hide the horrible taste of those fries. Gravy wasn't even good.In my book if I don't need at least 3 or 4 napkins to eat a burger, then it's not a good burger. Sure it was pretty but it was bad, so bad a Big Mac would have been a better option. If your restaurant is named O' Burger shouldn't your burger blow people away? I'd prefer having my greasy burger at La Belle Province than eat that bland boring piece of crap I was served. How hard is it to go to a butcher, get your chuck FRESH and make the patties as you go? How hard is it to hand cut fries and fry them in good oil? Well it doesn't matter to the owner, he just wants to cash in on the trend and when O' Burger crashes with the trend, he'll open another restaurant cashing in on the current trend of that day. It's not a passion for food; it's a passion for profit.O'Burger how thou sucketh. It's no wonder I was the only patron in the restaurant.
1	I would give this place less than one star if that were an option.My husband and I were there on the Canadian Thanksgiving weekend this year for the first time.  We had a friend in from out of town and were eager to share a great dining experience with her.  We should have checked this place first.  I work nearby and had noticed it's busy at lunch so assumed we would be served some great burgers.  We weren't.  They were way overpriced pieces of cardboard between buns.  I've seriously had better burgers at Harvey's.The service was horrible.  My husband asked for mayonnaise for his fries as soon as our plates were delivered.  You know when he got it?  AFTER OUR PLATES WERE CLEARED FROM THE TABLE!!!!  No one came to check on us while we ate and we would have flagged someone down if we could but there was no one to be seen anywhere.  This past weekend (a month later), we went to Cheeburger Cheeburger, just a block or two away on Metcalfe and had a waaaaaaay better experience for a similar price.  The food was great and so was the service.The thing that makes me the angriest about the O'Burger experience is that as soon as I got home that day, I sent them an email to express my concerns.  I once worked in the industry and knew that was the way to go about it.  It is the first time I have sent such a letter and have NOT received a word back.  These people clearly don't care about my business and it's a good thing because they won't have it again and I'm here to tell you not to waste your time and money.  The worst eating experience I've had in Montreal in seven years.  Hands down.
3	both my boyfriend and I were impressed with our burgers, but, the service was less than stellar. The waitress and waiter seemed very unhappy to be working. The ambiance was WAY too quiet and the restaurant is so narrow it's awkward. Most likely will not eat there again.
3	The place was ok. The burger ok. The fries ok. Not more, not less. A bit disappointed, but if you are downtown and need to eat in a fast and "not really healthy" place, I would suggest O'Burger.
2	Went there for lunch, contrary to other reviews, the place was packed !!!Our waitress was overwhelmed but still pleasant, it took 45 min to get our burgers. Tasted ok (I had the Dallas), fries were disapointing. The place seemed understaffed, our waitress had to tend to the cash while trying to get customer orders to the tables. Also the fact that the kitchen is in the basement might explain why it takes so long to get your food...!!!Will not be going back, no way !!!
4	Despite other reviews, I enjoyed my overall experience there! Sat outside in the nice weather, waiter was nice and the food was pretty good. The best I had but still satisfying.Great location too!
2	In 3 words: Not worth it. The patties were store bought and the price, outlandish considering. Honestly, you may as well go across the street to the 5 Guys.
2	I work very near this restaurant and decided to give it a try. Walking in, the decor is nice and clean (comfortable chairs), and you realize just how small this restaurant is. However, most people would be eating out on the terasse anyways. Service is a bit slow for a burger place. I ordered a simple hamburger with mixed fries. Overall, the burger was not bad. However, for the price I was paying for it, I was just expecting something more. The beef patty tasted like something out of Harvery's (right consistency and juiciness, but absolutely no flavour). The fries themselves were great. What is great about this place is that they do serve alcohol. So, if you're looking for a place to hangout to drink and eat okay food with a bunch of buddies after work during summer out on a terasse, this place is great. If your a burger enthusiast, I would not recommend this place.
3	We had just arrived in Montreal and were famished. After walking around for an hour, and realizing that most of the spots in the central district were overpriced and unappealing, we finally capitulated and ate here.As others have mentioned the food was okay. The veggie burger was fine, a little burnt, but otherwise edible. The hummus topping, though seemingly an odd combo, actually alleviated the burnt taste of the burger. My boyfriend had a chicken salad which was decent, but quite costly in my opinion ($13). These two orders along with a pitcher of diluted Sangria (I kept asking "Is there even any hooch in this?") set us back about $50 dollars.I doubt we will ever visit  this place again, but I suppose it is a good alternative to some of the other tourist traps in the area, and likely better because of the outdoor seating in the summer.
3	Went there after work with a friend yesterday,We took a table outside since it was nice and breezy. Had a pitcher so white sangria, some chicken wings and fried calamari.The food seems fine, the sangria was good though it could use more alcohol.The batter for the calamari is very peppery and the calamari were tender and fresh. The fried chicken wing were a bit over fried and seemed dry but the sauce was really good so it was fine. The place closes at 9pm so no really a place you can linger and chat for long, but it's a nice place to sit and rest if you're downtown shopping.Maybe I'll try a burger next time lol
3	When I went there it was for a very late lunch, around 1PM, if not later. I was starving and craving a burger. O'burger has a good selection of burgers and not just with beef. They also have salmon and chicken burgers. I'm a classic kind-of-gal when I discover a new restaurant so I opted for the O'Montreal with extra cheddar and BBQ sauce, and the O'Mix of fries. I feel like it took O'forever to get our plates. Maybe it was because I was O'so hungry. The burger was quite large. All burgers come with salad, tomatoes, onions and pickles and you can put whatever you want in it. It wasn't as dry as I had a week ago at Les 3 brasseurs, but it was alright. The patty was bigger than the bun, which is a really big plus. The O'mix of fries were not even. I had more sweet potato fries than regular fries, which is fine by me because the regular fries were not really good. As for the price, well, I didn't pay my own bill, because the waiter gave me my colleague's. She paid my bill and I paid hers. It's only after I realized that what I took didn't cost me $19. She owed me $3.50 for the difference (tips included). Conclusion: O'burger is O'kay. Nothing more. If I go back, I'll try a chicken burger.
4	Came here for lunch with great friends.  We were here early so we were able to snag a seat.  They had nice banquet seating with cute colour scheme in the basement.  We were nice and comfy.  The burgers were good. I had the Hawaii burger, which had a cunning mixture of blue cheese and caramelized nuts.  It worked! Who knew?  I also had it with a side of sweet potato fries.  Yummy and tender patty, which works with the thickness of the burger overall.  My friends had the salads and they really enjoyed it as well.  Personally I think it is a sin to go to a burger place and order a salad but at least they have delish options.  When I am in Montreal and craving for burger this will be my go to place.  Close to downtown core and easily accessible.
1	1
2	DisappointingNothing wrong with the food, it's nicely presented. I sincerely don't get the hate, I've seen worse and more expensive at other places with less criticism.And the fries are great (pro tip Montreal: mushy fries are a no-no everywhere else)But the service was not great. Yeah, we didn't get the condiments, ok, someone else brought them later.Then we got a wrong check for our table (it was even for less than we had), having that fixed, their card machine didn't work properly. Yay.Sorry, hard to recommend it.
