3	Alcohol + Popsicle = Adult Popsicles! The concept is catchy, though not an idea that hasn't already been done, thought, thunk-ed, and procured.  But hey make a whole ice cream shop near a pool infused with various alcohols, nifty right? Not sure I have seen to many of those beside back in the college party days, and can't say we did as well of a job infusing everything together as The Neapolitan, nor would I have deemed us anything close to ice parlor quality.  $12 Pour Some Sugar on Me - Adult Popsicle. To be honest I'm not sure if I picked this popsicle because it sounded good, or because after I read its name I couldn't get the tune out of my head and just so happened to accidentally blurt/sing it to the gentleman helping me. In fact again since I have said it, thought it, I'm once more singing it and this time to myself. Back to the popsicle which name I shall not mention. Makers Mark & Peach Tea dipped in a Brown Sugar Crumble. Have to admit it tasted mighty good, loved the brown sugar crumble, but the alcohol if it was there well I think I would need about a dozen of these to get a buzz, and by the price alone I could get myself a handle, hold the peach tea and brown sugar and be feeling a whole lot more than a buzz. Random Tip: We ended up asking the Gentleman after we ordered what item had the highest alcohol content. Verdict was the Carmel Drizzle which is put on their version of a Grasshopper Sundae. Again cool concept, and something else to put on my bucket list as done and did.
5	Great setting and even greater offerings. Tucked in the south corner of the BLVD pool. Love the watermelon patch popsicle, and the smoothie criminal. Must try!
5	Who doesn't love a little booze in their dessert?Turns out my friend and I booked our trip just in time for the opening of Neapolitan, The Cosmopolitan's new Ice Cream Cocktail Bar.  Although all the shakes and ice cream sounded delicious, I opted for The Neapolitan (the namesake milkshake) which was tequila rose biscotti liqueur infused whipped cream in a chocolate and strawberry shake.  It made me happy in so many ways.  The blend of vanilla, chocolate, and strawberry with the liquors made for a refreshing afternoon snack after a day of soaking up the sun.
5	I completely forgot what it was called, but I had this milkshake with makers mark, peanut butter bacon and whipped cream. It was seriously probably the greatest thing I ever tasted.
4	This place totally hit the spot on a hot day by the pool.  Who doesn't like booze and ice cream fused together.  My wife got a coconut and pineapple rum popsicle and I went went with the Grasshopper Sunday with vodka caramel.  I was a hot day by the pool and these desserts were just what the doctor ordered.  I only gave 4 stars due to the fact that we went there a couple of times and it was "closed due to weather".  If the pool is open, I expected the enclosed restaurant at the pool to be open.  I guess you have to save money where you can...but still.
4	Booze + Ice Cream + Bacon = yes please!  My Stepmom and I grabbed a Mimosa sorbet (with champagne generously poured into the mixer) while my Dad had an alcohol-infused Neapolitan milkshake including tequila rose biscotti liqueur and an Amaretto topping. They do have a milkshake called the 'W.W.E.D' (What Would Elvis Do), which includes peanut butter, banana, and walnut liqueur sprinkled with maple bacon bits.  I could kick myself for not getting that one.On Mondays they have 'Movie night by the pool', which sounds fun as you can watch their 'movie pick of the week' in the water with your booze milkshake(s).
5	I scream I scream  We all scream for ICE CREAM!!! and ALCHIE!!Tried the W.W.E.D. - Makers Mark, Peanut Butter, Banana & Walnut Liqueur in a Chocolate Shake, topped with Maple Bacon SprinklesI'm drooling as I'm typing this.  It sounds expensive but I think $12 is reasonable.  It's a decent serving of alcohol and ice cream.  Extremely refreshing at the Boulevard Pool @ the CosmopolitanMy friend had the Coconut Popsicle and really enjoyed it.
5	The "Lovely bunch of coconuts" ice cream bar was worth the $12! Not only did it taste amazing, but the consistency of the ice cream and toasted shaved coconut coating was to die for!  Can't wait to go again!
4	I found it, Yelp! It's on the 4th floor on the Cosmopolitan where the hotel pool is hidden by the cabanas. Inside, it's pink and black all over! It's pretty in the girliest way. The decor is so modern and classy just like the Cosmopolitan. They have ice cream bars and sorbet. I opted for the sorbet as it seemed more worth the price than an ice cream bar. I went for the Miss Mossa as suggested by the employee. Though she said it was the lightest of them all and sweet, I could taste the alcohol as I swallow. The Miss Mossa has a candy gummy ginger infused with vodka. BE CAREFUL. It was an blood orange flavor. My boyfriend got the Snow Bunny (via my order for him) and it was also very strong in alcohol. This one is raspberry flavored with pop rocks on top. Both sorbets were made right when we ordered. The ice cream bars on the other hand are pre-made and very icy. We got a sample of the watermelon Patch. There's tables inside and outside by the edge of the hotel where there's a great view. I also got a lot of water because I was getting buzzed off ice cream. Seriously, how does that happen? I will be back next weekend with Sidney T. This time I think I'll just share one with someone because I could not finish my $18 sorbet.
4	Adult ice cream, including popsicles and milkshakes, with fresh flavors all served poolside at the Cosmopolitan.  What could be better on a hot summer day?
4	Holy Moly, my ice cream sundae was how much? That tends to be the initial reaction after looking at the prices of their desserts. Take a chance,order one, and understand why you are paying these prices. I have had alcoholic milkshakes and desserts from other places, but this was one of the best. The mint ice cream sundae had alcohol in most of its components, yet still was able to be eaten without it being overwhelming. The caramel drizzle and thin mint crumbled on top was a nice touch. Serving it in a martini glass was a nice touch. It is worth having again. Don't feel too bad. At least you are not spending a $1,000 like you would be at Serendipity 3. You also don't get the crystal goblet or golden spoon.
4	Ice cream is a great dessert. Ice cream, with a little bit of alcohol is even better. Found this little treasure by the Blvd. Pool at the Cosmo while exploring the area for a cool spot to hang out. They have ice cream, sorbets, Popsicles, and cocktails fit for a hot day at the Cosmo. I had this sundae with grasshopper ice cream and cookies that was really good. My friend had the sundae with Capt' Crunch. Both very sweet, and very refreshing in the summer. The little shop is really cute, and smells of waffle cone. Already enough to get me in there. Pricier than your average Coldstone or Rite Aid, but...it has alcohol. Nuff said.
4	Located upstairs inside the Cosmopolitan hotel pool, really good alky shakes and loaded ice cream. I had the spiked root beer and it had brandy flavored ice cream :O ME likes.
5	I heard about this place while checking out the generic 702 show that showcases all the attractions of Vegas on the hotel TV. I was immediately drawn in by the description of the founder/mixologist's rendition of alcohol infused ice cream. At $18 a pop (approx. 3 scoops) I can assure, the experience alone justifies the splurge. I had the Snow Bunny which included Raspberry Stoli, sugar free Red Bull, and sugar free raspberry syrup, topped with Pop Rocks (absolute perfection!) The combination made for an explosive taste of tart and sweet. Just watching the mixologist apply his goggles and get to work through the haze of sugary sweet smoke rising from the mixer was a joy (did I mention liquid Nitrogen is involved in this process). This shop is small and nestled behind the pool area in the Cosmopolitan. The trip (we had to have a security guard escort us because it was so remote) and the expense were well worth it. This is one of the many unique culinary treasures that Vegas offers. So liquor up with a bonus sugar rush on the candy pink deck that overlooks the strip and enjoy!!
5	Ice cream and booze..I came here with a fellow yelp friend, I have to say this place is faaaaaantastic. It is a little pricey for Ice cream and alcohol but it was definitely worth it. I tried the what would Elvis do? It comes  topped with peanut butter, banana, and walnut liqueur swirls sprinkled with bits of maple bacon sprinkled on top.There are lots to choose from alcohol-infused, liquid nitrogen-charged sorbets, shakes, smoothies, and blended frozen drinks all handled by the cutie at the counter, who  is very nice and friendly, I asked for recommendations and sure enough he had some good ones. Plus his dad is pretty hot too and works downstairs at the Chandelier Bar.(just saying it is OK to look)The actual shop is very modern with alot of pink furniture. There is a corner patio overlooking the strip. This is where I got caught by security trying to take some pictures. (lol) I had pictures until my phone decided to pass away... Ripbut any who I would give this place a try when it opens back up.
4	You said what?! Ice cream and alcohol? Alcoholic ice cream and popsicle?! We have got to try this.Wait, how much is a popsicle? $12?! Geez. But hey, everything is worth a try right?! So I got myself a Strawberry Fields popsicle or something similar to that while my friend got a Watermelon popsicle. Gotta say though, the popsicles are really yummy. You can taste that there is alcohol in it but it doesn't completely wipe the flavor of strawberry from it. One of my other friends got the San Francisco Treat which is a chocolate chip mint ice cream with chocolate liquor? I can't quite remember but it was ...interesting flavor. When I took a bite of it, at first I thought I was tasting chocolate but the flavor quickly changed to the burning sensation of alcohol. It was really strong ... There were 4 of us and we couldn't even finish it. We either got tired of it or it numbed our tongues and the roof of our mouths.Oh but watching them make the ice cream was funnnnnn :D My boyfriend, on the other hand, got a milk shake. I forgot which milk shake but I know it had some fruity flavors in it. It was quite yummy :D not as strong as the ice cream. Also, this place is by the pool. So you're going to have to go on the 4th floor to find it. We got a little lost ourselves trying to find this place.The bartender there was a girl and she was really helpful with helping us make a decision on what we wanted. +1 :DHowever, I really would just try this place once. I probably wouldn't go back because the concept is catchy and interesting but I think I prefer my ice cream and booze separated. And, it was a little on the pricier side. Good experience nonetheless. If you've never had something like this before, it's good to give it a try.
3	Yum
5	It's crazy to know that this place has been open a few years and has less than 20 reviews. Anyways decided to go here after a friend recommended it, and definitely wasn't disappointed. I ordered the servers recommendation- la bamba which is modelo Popsicle w chile limon pop rock salt, and my friend got the a great pear liquid nitrogen sorbet- st George pear liquer, Riesling, pear, BLUE CHEESE, candied walnuts, and salted caramel pear drizzle.The la bamba was yummy; the pop rocks added the perfect amount of spice and sizzle to the Popsicle. I didn't expect to like a great pear sorbet because I'm not a fan of blue cheese, but I was extremely surprised. Don't be deterred by the smell at first because the blue cheese smells overpowering, but damn was it good. The blue cheese was subtle and paired perfectly with the pear flavor. Price for both came out to $28 (with tax, Popsicle was 10, sorbet was 16). Not cheap but then again, you're in Vegas. The service was also awesome. The server Kat gave us a free sample of their homemade Neapolitan dippin dots, which included strawberry skyy, coconut liqueur, and something else (not too sure) but because it was made of liquid nitrogen, you can only eat it little by little. It was definitely interesting and kind of numbing (the liquid nitrogen effect) but it is a must try! Kat was really nice and we learned a lot about Vegas through our conversation. Will definitely come back next time I come to Vegas, this place is so underrated! :0
5	This place peaked my interest because of the idea of alcohol infused deserts. I think this place is a real hidden gem! It is a little harder to find since you have to go by the pool security ( tell them you are going to the Neapolitan they'll let you pass) and walk past the pool to the back.  It might be harder to find but it's totally worth it.  The desert shop is small and really cute. After looking at the menu I was totally hooked in because of the interesting combination of flavors. Everything on the menu was pricey but my friend and I split the cost and the awesome server just split our desert into 2 glasses!We shared the great pear with st. george pear liqueur, riesling, anjou pears, danish blue cheese, lemon zest, candied walnuts & salted caramel pear drizzle! I was an amazing unexpected combination. I cannot say enough about the service! Our server was super sweet and gave us really great advice on what to do at the Cosmopolitan. She was even attentive enough to notice my melted sorbet and kind enough to refreeze it with another douse of liquid nitrogen.  Overall this was a fun afternoon delight for the summer!
3	Was really excited to try out some alcoholic pops & get chocolate schwasted!! jk, but I did think this was a really  neat concept. It's located on the 4th floor of the east side elevators or sumn like that & you have to tell them you're looking for the Neopolitan. It's tucked in the back corner of the pool area. Pretty empty, just one ice creamologist working in a cute little lab coat. The flavors seem to vary since they didn't have the ones I saw here on yelp.I believe they make most in front of you, like the dipn' dot's neopolitan and sorbets, except for the pops. I ended up getting theNuts n Bolts popsicle (see my picture for the menu/descriptions). Basically a creamy pistachio coco cream pop, dusted with grounded pistachios. I really liked the ice cream part, but the pischio dust was WAY too salty. I dusted off all the grounded pistachios and it was stilll realllly salty. I realized it was basically sunken into the outer layer of my pop, so i ended up shaving it down with a spoon. I didn't taste much alcohol in this one, and wish it wasn't so salty, or at least came w/ a glass of water lol. I tried my friend's a Great Pear, which was a sorbet. It had chunks of real pear, and bleu cheese, etc. It was really interesting. You can def taste the alcohol more in this one. Not rly my cup of tea, but my friend reallly liked it. I ended up really liking the chocolate peanut butter  sorbet with mexican spices. The flavors were rich, and the peanut butter melts in your mouth. However, this one really burned my tongue. I think the ice creamologist had a heavy hand with the lliquid Nitrogen, unfortunately.I also tried the lemon poppyseed cake sorbet, with calamansi, etc. I had one spoon and BOY, my tastebuds were jumping. There's a LOT going on in this one..sweet, tangy, citrusy, poppyseeds, etc.I couldn't hang.Was really hoping I would have a better experience since it was quite pricey ($12 a pop), but I'll  still give it another go next time I"m in town.
