1	Rude service.  They blame all their mistakes on the "teamsters".  Horrible union based company that cannot take any responsibilities for their own actions.  If I had a choice I would never use them again but whats the use in complaining when they already have contracts with all the convention halls.
1	If we could rate them negative stars we would give them a negative five. I agree with others that they behave as legal gangsters. They need to realize they are biting the hand that feeds them by cheating their customers. Because of them, many exhibitors do not participate in shows anymore. We had the same experience where we were charged for 2 hours labor for a forty minutes work as well as equipment rental charges for things such as extension cords, tape and plastic straps. Total charges for putting five lights with five extension cords and tape and straps: $759. Anybody with any common sense, tell me what you would think. GES needs to wake up. However the new people working at the GES services desk are by far better than previous years. At least GES has one thing going for them.
1	We were at the ASD Las Vegas trade show, and scheduled electrical labor for Friday 3PM. (Because we knew that anything after 5PM is considered overtime, and instead of $126 per hour, it will be $239 per hour!!!!!)The electricist shows up late at 4:30!!!! And what happens?WE are supposed to pay OVERTIME!!! When he is the one that shows up late?What is the rationale here?Okay, then he takes a 30 minute break at 5PM! So I ended up paying 2 HOURS OVERTIME, plus half hour regular time... How difficult is it to hand up some lights?They also charged $1500 for handling fee, for 3 pallets, from the door to our booth. Really GES? You think you can exploit hard working entrepreneurs like this?I feel sorry for the corrupt management there.
1	These guys are crooks. They could not have been less organized when bringing our goods into the convention hall. It was as if they let 50 guys out of prison and give them forklifts. No joke. The guys who were supposed to unload our truck got into a violent argument over their favorite classic rock bands, so we ended up unloading the truck. Weeks later I find out that it cost me $1.00 per pound to move my exhibit the 200 ft from the loading dock to my space. I can ship goods from Boston to California for $0.30 per pound. This rate is a total joke. The terrible service is just insult to injury. Companies like this just can't last. I won't be going back to Expo East and that's about $25k in lost revenue. That's someones job. There is recourse for being a crook and treating people like garbage.
1	They were supposed to design and  build our booth, a big one. TWO weeks before the event they said they could not work on it and did not have anything ready. I would not recommend working with them.
1	This company demonstrates why Detroit is broke ... Out of control Union (Teamster) fees that are so beyond unreasonable, they must originate in another Universe.  Any trade show that involves this company will be excluded from our event planning.
1	Greedy and evil company, I am surprised that there is no class action lawsuits against this company.  Take advantage of hard working small business owners for their gain. Not only they charge crazy fees for little things they do, they also charge a violation fee and not to mention the overtime charges for the lazy workers that's always on breaks.  They lost one of my shipment and when I file a claim they refuse to be responsible for the lost, gave whole bunch of excuses.All these negative comments about them are true and I believe they will get what they deserve soon, these guys are crooks!
1	This company makes me HATE unions and I know that may not be fair but man...if this is how all unions are, then I have no idea why unions are necessary other than to destroy entrepreneurship and business.Just finished the ISSE Beauy Show in Long Beach and had the worst experience with these people. My company was just completely violated by the lady that was walking regulating their mandatory setup labor policy. I have an exhibit booth that I purposely designed to not require a single tool so as to avoid union labor. However, she STILL made us use union labor while threatening to shut down our setup if we didn't. I paid $600 for a guy that took 2 30 minute breaks and chatted up a storm (distracting my employees) while "working" as slow as humanly possible.When the show was over and my crew began dismantling the booth, the same lady walks around and reminds me that I need to hire union labor AGAIN to dismantle. In the time it took her to go put in a work order and have the guy come to our booth, we were already done dismantling. He saw that we were already done so he went back. The lady comes to our booth and has the nerve to say the following: "you are supposed to wait for the union labor to arrive before dismantling. My guy is going to help you pack up." WHAT?!!!!! The ridiculousness of what she said still makes me shake my head. I told her that there is no way her guy is going to touch our stuff and I walked away. She didn't bother any of the booths around us who were openly dismantling their large booths, ONLY US. This is blatant targeting and bullying. To the Long Beach Convention Center: DO NOT contract with GES unless you want to have a large, nice, EMPTY building for your next show.
1	Agree 100% with every review here.  This is exactly why so many Americans despise union labor! EXTORTION is defined as "the crime of obtaining money or some other thing of value by the abuse of one's office or authority".  This couldn't be a more fitting term for this company.  You are absolutely forced to use their useless services that barely anyone needs, and be charged completely egregious amounts! My colleagues and I attended an event where packing up our materials took all of about 6 minutes, yet they still charged us for their "union labor" of about $400.  Ok so lets break this down - even if they did do the work themselves, is packing 2 boxes in 6 minutes really worth that much???  How can anyone logically justify such an insane amount? They are completely disorganized, rude and absolutely greedy - couple that with flat out lazieness and you get the equation for everything that is wrong in America! Ride the wave while you can GES...get completely overpaid and take multiple 1 hour breaks throughout a single day, all without doing any real work -  the ways of your world are dying out as the government slowly dismantles your corrupt, useless and archaic system...then you'll actually have to work in a world filled with competition where your pay is actually based on PERFORMANCE (gasp!).
1	If I could give this company negative stars I would!!!! This is the worst company I have ever dealt with. A recent work conference required that we use GES to handle our boxes being shipped to and from the hotel... First, they charged $700 to handle (shipping NOT included) 5 boxes, but they did not have the boxes where they were supposed to be on time.... Instead they brought them 3 hours late! Then when we needed to ship the boxes from the hotel, they demanded $700 in payment to coordinate shipping the boxes out, after paying $700 they said it was my responsibility to call FedEx and arrange to pick them up, that they would have nothing to do with it... A total SCAM and a total RIP OFF! Hotel business centers ship boxes to staying guests for free.... I don't know how these people are in business. As an event planner, NEVER EVER USE THIS COMPANY
1	I totally agree with everyone here. I would rate them negative 50 stars if I could. They helped us schedule a shipping for Expo West show and quoted us a flat rate of $750 with BOL signature and price quote. A week later we called them about the shipment and found out that they had NEVER ship it. They basically FORGOT. Now we have to split the shipment because it was too late and we have another event for that shipment. They went ahead and charged us almost Double for the extra shipment which resulted because of their faults. When we filed a dispute with them they never reply. When we short paid them, they called us and after reviewing our case in less than 5', they came back with an answer quote,"You can let them know that if they don't get this paid they will not be allowed into another show until this is paid. They can either pay it now or when they try to get into the next show..."WOW too much for a Union. They are here to steal your money & destroy your business!
