3	Great hotel/motel for the price. Workers are friendly and hotel as a whole has great amenities. Free  breakfast (hot and cold, 2 types of sausage, and a make your own waffle!), pool is heated year round and there is also a spa. Fitness center is 24 hours and works for a quick workout while on vacation. There is also a cabana area where a group can enjoy drinks in the shade. Rooms are nice, and clean. The motel provides a computer and printer for guests in the lobby and free wifi throughout the entire complex for those who have their own. Great weather is even better when you are laying by the pool on your laptop!!
3	This is a situation where I wish I had two sets of ratings: 1. Room: for the price, 5 stars2. Management/customer service: ZEROAs other reviewers have noted, the rooms are spotlessly clean. The linens are clean and crisp, the bathrooms are clean and everything works, the WiFi works and is easy to use. We didn't have breakfast at Quality Inn, so I can't comment. Our stay would have been fine except the room we reserved was not available and the staff and manager were unable and unwilling to fix the problem. I finally had to resort to complaining on Twitter about the sucky service, which finally caught the attention of the corporate office (social media works, folks). The corporation agreed to refund one of the rooms, but it's going to take the chain six weeks to issue the check, which I think is absolutely ridiculous.As long as the room is available, you'll have a good stay. If anything goes wrong at the front desk, watch out. You'll be there all day with a manager who should be driving a truck, not working in hospitality.
3	I can only give it a 3. When we walked in we were very impressed. The room looked clean and had a lot of space. The pool was nice too and we were able to check in right away.  The only problem was at night when the lights were off. When we turned the lights ON, cockroaches fled the scene. We didn't see tons, but probably 5-10 in the period of two nights. I can usually deal with bugs (ants and spiders) but the cockroaches were very disgusting. I would have given this place 5 stars, but this brought it down to a 3. Unfortunately, I would rather pay more money and stay somewhere that didn't have this issue.
1	After checking with the front desk on how to find the rooms. Odd on this side and even on that side???? Then ac in only one room( we had a suite) &the one bedroom didn't have a Tv plus the Tv ( living room)was an older style.  The refrigerator wasn't on so now we put our stuff in the freezer.  We are glad we are only here for the weekend and will not return to this one:-( also keep your shoes on....total black feet( carpet needs a good shampoo). The breakfast was good but needs to be restocked earlier. Also the keys didn't work 3 & the front desk wasn't too helpful. Plus the pool isn't 24 hrs but at 230 in the morning people were swimming.... if you stay here which id advise you dont- stay away from pool side
2	A few different areas to review here.We live in Phoenix and were running in the Phoenix Marathon and Half Marathon.  There were a total of 5 of us.  I had reserved two rooms, one with a king bed and the other with two beds.  I had confirmation #'s for both rooms and both rooms were in my name.  The day before our check-in I called the hotel to confirm and to ask them to put our friends name on the room that had the king bed in it because they were most likely to arrive before us and would like to check-in without me there.  As it turned out, we arrived together so we checked in together. I was first and was given the king room.  When I advised the clerk that I had reserved the double room for me he looked for the other room and I could tell from the look on his face that there was a problem.  He took my piece of paper that had our confirmation #'s written on them into the back office where we could see everything play out on the video screen that was at the front desk.  Soon a man came out that must have been a manager - advising me that we were suppose to check in the day before for a 3 night stay and when we didn't they cancelled our room.  I told him that that was a mistake on their part because I had booked the rooms at the same time with everything being the same with the exception of the # of beds in the room.  He again told me that the room was cancelled and that they were full for the night and there was nothing he could do.  I was getting pretty angry now and told him that it was unacceptable especially since it was their mistake and he had better find me a room.  Believe it or not but he found me a room!  Then when we made a joke about how lucky we were to have him solve the situation, joking that did you have to throw someone out, he told us that it actually caused him a lot of work to find a room for us!  Really, it caused you a lot of work??  Your clerked messed up my reservation, it wasn't my fault and you are complaining to me that this caused you extra work??The hotel was advertised with having a hot breakfast for the runners which it did not have.  They told us that we could have a danish and coffee.  We also had coffee in our room which was fine.They advertised shuttles for the runners. Yes, this was available but we did not use this service.Our room was old because the hotel was old.  The room was very clean but did have a smell to it.  I think the housekeeping staff does a fine job with what they have to work with.Would I stay there again?  No
4	We had a great stay here for two nights. We stayed during a very busy weekend. The suite was roomy enough for six people. Two queen beds in one room and a sofa that pulls out into another bed in the front room. Both rooms had flat screen televisions as well. The kitchenette consisted of a full size refrigerator, sink, microwave and oven. Plenty of closet space and drawer space. There was a nice pool and hot tub outside. The only reason it didn't get five stars is because we were in a nonsmoking room which clearly had been smoked in before. Again, no deal breaker with us though. Good government and special rates available. We're no hotel connoisseurs, but this place met my family's needs. If we're ever in Mesa again, we know where to stay.
1	Horrible! The rooms are very old and have a funny smell. We had booked this hotel for 3 nights and only stayed one night because of the room conditions. There was many bugs and the smell was overwhelming. I know for sure I will never stay here again.
3	nice and easy check in.  wanted to go to the pool and jacuzzi.  both were cold.room was good for the price.
1	Bad customer service, horrible front desk, low quality rooms. Was visiting on business. Once the police showed up I requested a refund and checked out immediately. I will not return to a Quality inn  11/8/2014
