4	Not to be confused with the Rosewood Grille on the Strip, the Rosewood Bar and Grill resides in the California Casino downtown.  That's one place that after 28 years I'd never been to until tonight.The Rosewood is a darkly paneled, richly lit, yet casual and unassuming place.  At the entrance you're greeted by a piano player and the bar looks inviting.  The dining room is on the small side, but doesn't seem crowded.  Our party of four all got the same thing: The Porterhouse special.  For $17.95, you get a baby green salad, 16 oz Porterhouse, mixed vegetable, 'garlic mashed potato,' and apple dumpling for dessert.Julia and I both got the house dressing on our salad - honey french.  It was rich and delicious with just a bit of sweetness.  The greens were perky and fresh.  The main course was very good - the steaks were large but prepared well.  The cuts weren't the choicest of choice, but they were flavorful.  The mixed veggies were unremarkable.  The 'garlic mashed potato' were mashed potatoes wrapped in a puff pastry to resemble a clove of garlic.  Clever in presentation, but the execution of the flavor could have been better.  The apple dumpling was served with french vanilla ice cream and was absolutely delicious.All in all, I've had better meals, but for the price this was definitely quite a steal.  The atmosphere was conducive for our two hour catch up session.  Not somewhere to take someone if you're trying to impress them, but a good place to have a meal with friends, old and new.
4	There's a reason why they are famous for their prime rib cuts...they are really well prepared and moderately priced (about $25 for a huge cut).  The average age of the other diners (at least when we were there for a Sat. dinner) was around 50+...so don't expect the hip house music and hipster looking wait staff.  You go here for the steak and nothing else.
5	Best dang Prime Rib I have ever tasted.  I split one and still have food left over.  The meat is like butter and almost dissolved in your mouth.  It is the tastiest meat I have ever had and the prices arent bad.  21 for 16oz and 27 for 24 oz.  A definate place you will come back to.  Go eat there and if you don't enjoy it, you must not have taste buds.
4	If you didn't know it was there, which I didn't, you'd probably just walk right by the wooden facade and single-door. We went there since I was the only newbie and we needed to grab a nice dinner before making the torturous middle-of-the-night drive back to LA, after having been in town for less than 24 hours. I guess they were having a rough night, with us having to wait 20 minutes for a table when it wasn't full and the hostess having to wipe down tables. But she was extremely nice and so was our waiter who did the little things that matter. Like bringing us buttered up white bread, and a small sample of their other soup when someone at the table showed interest. I had the oysters on the half shell (half dozen) which were fresh, and then I got the lamb chops, which were surprisingly flavorful and cooked just right. The crab legs came in a huge pile and I think it says something when you're at a table with three guys and they couldn't finish the plate. Entrees ranged from $20 to $40 or so, but really good relative to the amount of food that you got. I would definitely eat there again next time I'm at the Cali.
5	The prime rib is sooo onos(for da Hawaii peeps). Kid friendly. We went there about 3x and we'll go there just for the prime rib and only when we have food coupons!
4	As a visitor, I had heard of this joint, but never tried. As a resident, it is our go to place when we are downtown for a show. Very good lamb, steaks and prime rib. Full meal deal which is a refreshing change from the spendy and trendy ala carte steakhouses that abound in Las Vegas.  Quiet place and nice to see our old Hawaiian neighbors dining at the Cal. No pretense...just ONO.
5	FINALLY - a reasonably priced yet still classy steakhouse in Vegas! I was starting to feel like there was no middle ground in this city, it's either a risky $5.99 prime rib special or an uber fancy $70 a head steakhouse ... but that was until I discovered the Redwood!Talk about a deal!! Here's a nice setting, with DELICIOUS steaks, and only around $30 per person - that includes alcoholic beverages!! My prime rib was incredible. I highly recommend it. Just a heads up, we arrived around 8:30pm on a Saturday night and there was a 45 min. wait - but don't be deterred, the hostess allows you to leave and comeback, so hit the bar for a few cocktails and prepare your gullet for a fantastic meal.
5	During my recent visit to downtown Las Vegas, I got a hankering for a quality slab of protein paired with a robust red wine. No surprise there! I became a bit discouraged as I perused the plethora of reviews on Yelp describing several high-end steak houses downtown that are highly rated but also very expensive. Then I found Redwood Bar & Grill located in the California Hotel & Casino. My fellow Yelpers swooned over the quality fare and reasonable prices. So off I went with a colleague in tow.Upon entry, I knew Yelp had steered me to a good choice. What a classic! Dark wood, nice lighting, and that wonderful steakhouse aroma I love so much greeted us as we walked through the door. Although we had no reservation we were seated immediately (it was a Tuesday night in January after all). One or two reviewers remarked on the generous pour cocktails. This was confirmed with my colleague's Jack and Coke and my Tom Collins.(Whaaaat? Tom Collins??? I have to explain this. My wife and I watched Meet the Fockers the day before I left. Jack Burns loves his Tom Collins and I remarked to my wife that I had never tried one, but I would soon. Waitress at Redwood offers up a cocktail, seemed like the perfect opportunity, so I gave it a whirl. I didn't care for it.)The menu offers a nice variety of meat and seafood options. A decent bottle of wine will cost a reasonable $35 or so depending on your choice. Most wines by the glass were priced at $8 to $10.Given that we were both after beef, we were torn between the 16-ounce bone-in ribeye, the "small" 16-ounce prime rib, and the 18-ounce porterhouse special. I had the prime rib and my colleague had the porterhouse. If the prime rib cut was 16 ounces I'll eat my hat - it had to be at least 20. And it was one of the leanest cuts of prime rib I have ever eaten.  Served at perfect medium rare temperature along with green beans, rice pilaf, and fresh horseradish it was a bargain at $23.All said and done, we enjoyed a splendid meal, great service, and a fine atmosphere for a total of about $84 including our meals, 3 cocktails, a glass of Kunde red zinfandel and a nice tip. Absolutely outstanding.Thank you Yelpers! If it weren't for you I would never have found Redwood.
4	Not too many people venture out this way to the California hotel in the old part of Las Vegas. They have an elevator special that is a great deal for $20! It includes a porterhouse steak with vegetables and choice of pilaf, garlic mashed potatoes, or baked potato. It is also served with salad or soup and the meal is completed with an apple dessert. French onion soup: This came in a tiny cauldron of French onion soup topped with bubbling gruyere. The soup was very rich and filled with lots of onion. My only complaint was that the crouton was already very soggy as it arrived to the table. Spinach salad: Typical wilted spinach salad with eggs, bacon, and onionsClam chowder: I did not try this but it was said to be very "clammy."Porterhouse steak: Generously portioned steak. Mine was overdone this time and the meat seemed more grisly this time. Crab legs: This is a giant platter of crab legs, already cracked and halved, served with clarified butter. Apple dessert with vanilla ice cream: This dessert was okay, but a little to sweet. The caramel is very good though.
2	Horrific chicken--do not order. Steak was average but not bad. Fries were frozen, limp and tasteless.
4	High quality surf and turf at reasonable prices.  I also like the fact that there is a hint of asian influence to satisy all the people from Hawaii that stay in the hotel.  If you're hungry order the large, bone-in prime rib.  I call it the Fred Flintstone cut.  LOL.  I think it's 32 oz. and it is literally falling off the plate.If you like seafood, the mound of king crab is tasty as is the whole Maine lobster.  I prefer spiny lobster on the grill.  It's not on the menu here, but they can source it from the Pasta Pirate next door.  Sashimi is also available on most occasions if you ask.I've tried the duck once and liked it, but I stay away from the chicken and fish dishes.  They aren't bad, but why eat that at a steak house?Chef Henry is terrific and Janell is the best server in town!
5	I always get the porterhouse special. Delicious porterhouse, choice of potato or steamed rice, salad/soup and apple dumpling for $29.99. The steak is grilled. The featured potato is in a wonton wrapper. The soups are homemade and are often seafood types. Also, you get sourdough bread. The restaurant is a favorite of my family for a long time.
4	We came in here looking for a steak dinner that didn't cost us a limb, but wasn't the gamble of a $4.99 steak dinner at an off-strip casino.  Thankfully, Yelp pointed us this direction and I'm glad it did!Was it more than we would normally pay for dinner out?  Yes, at $85 with tip, it certainly was, but we also don't eat filet mignon every day, so it was worth it.We each got the petit filet, I with baked potato and he with this awesome little garlic mashed potato pouch thing that I may have to get next time. We also ordered some amazing asparagus and an order of mushrooms in a garlic wine reduction. I'd asked for "medium" and my steak was so pink it was almost red -- so in other words, perfect. It was delicious. At 8oz I couldn't finish it but enjoyed the rest the next day in some breakfast tacos. FANCY. We were too full for dessert, but their selections looked amazing.Only downsides: the side of seasonal vegetables that came with our steak was fairly sad -- really, really, REALLY soft mixed squash and carrots. Wasn't really a fan of that.Also, we sat for 15 minutes before anyone acknowledged us and we had to go back to the hostess to remind them we existed.  That seemed unusual, though.  There was some kind of server mix-up, but once they sorted it all out, we had wonderful service.  Props to Ray, Hilario and Jesus.The atmosphere isn't quite as nice as the price suggests. Sure, it's clean and tidy and there's nothing wrong with it, but it feels kind of like a dark, nice Coco's.  It doesn't have that intimate "steak house" feeling. I'd definitely go again, though -- I'd love to try some of their other things.
5	My finance and I has this place down as one of the places we wanted to try out while we were in vegas based on a friend's recommendation. Other than the wait, this place is hands down a good bang for your bucks for a fine dining steakhouse. My finance got their 24oz. Prime rib, which was juicy and tender. I got their porterhouse prix special for the day. The steak was okay but cant beat the price for soup, steak,& dessert for only $24. I would highly recommend anybody coming here to go for their juicy prime rib for a fraction of the price..
3	i have eaten here twice, both times had the 16oz prime rib. it is some of the best in town, but i had to rate this place only 3 stars do to the service. the first time i went the service was ok, but this second time it sucked and i had to write this review. first off my waiter comes over and asks if i want iced water or bottled water, i said no water just ice tea . then promptly brings over a glass of water and a glass of ice tea(by the way the waiters name was brian). no big deal, but just seemed weird to bring the water, next time brian just don't ask about the water. because you are given it to me no matter what i say. so, brian then takes my order and every thing seems to be getting on track. he brought some bread over fresh out of the oven. i sliced a piece off and was going to spread some butter on it but the rosebud shaped butter was hard as a rock, so no butter on my slice. oh well just bread no butter. then brian brings out my salad and asks if i wanted fresh ground pepper, i said yes, he then proceeds to go to the bar for what i thought was the pepper mill. as i am wanting i see him mulling around for a couple minutes then walks by my table with nothing in his hand, then i hear him say oh yeah. he then turns around to back to the bar and grabs the pepper mill. at this point i was still hoping everything would start get better. well i see brian carrying a tray towards my table and places it right in front of the table i can tell it's mine. but first he carries to salads to the next table, i am thinking that's fine it should only take about 10 seconds right? wrong, taking them over, he picks them both up and disappears into the kitchen. meanwhile my 16oz prime rib is right in front of me and i can't start eating it. minutes later brian comes out of the kitchen with two side soups for the next table. when you see something like that happen usually it's the guest changing their mind but i would have to say this time brian was wrong. finally brian comes back to my table uncovers an awesome prime rib and a sad baked potato. at that point my ice tea glass was empty but he got out of there like it wasn't his responsibility . so i finished everything, and it was good, not once did he come back and ask how's everything or refill my drink. after i was done eating waitng for the bill, i could not get brians attention he was to busy helping the bus boy straighten tables out only five feet from my table. then he finally come over and said are you done i said yes, then he goes  you want more ice tea. no i wanted it with my meal now i just want my bill. i don't know if brians is new and still learning customer service or that he just wasn't into serving tonight.  but i still would recommend the prime rib just hope you don't get brian as your server.
4	There's nothing like getting the girls all dressed up and fancy and going out for the night!  Our night started with a delicious steak dinner at Redwood :)We picked this place based on the reviews, and I can definitely see why people like it so much.  I had the filet w/ a baked potato as my side and I added on French Onion Soup.  It was honestly some of the best french onion soup I have ever tasted.  I would go back for just that!  My filet was perfectly cooked and well-seasoned.  The baked potato was...well, a baked potato ;)  Nothing too exciting there.Our waiter was SO friendly, though.  He was nice, prompt, and got us anything we needed.  I really appreciated how fast and courteous he was!I would definitely go back again! :)
4	Great price for very good food! Thank you Yelp for pointing us to another good find!
4	We are regulars to California Casino/hotel, tired of eating buffet and cafes they and Main Street had to offer, we made reservation to Redwood.We arrived half hour before our reservation time, but was able to be seated right away. The waitress was very pleasant, and took time to explain what the restaurant had to offer. I ordered the porterhouse steak special, Mom ordered Lamb chops. We also ordered escargot for appetizer.The bread and soup were both delicious. My steak was huge, and tender, the house special potato was great.  it is wrapped like a dumpling, and is delicious.My mom's lamb chops was super tender, and there were 4 fairly good size pieces on the plate. I would recommend that. The only better lamb chops I ever had was in a restaurant downtown Bakersfield, California.. So this one certainly gets my vote (How would I know, well, I took one piece form my mom.)Escargot, stay away from it. It tasted like coming from a can that you can buy from a Korean market.. Well, nothing wrong with the cans from Korean market from Korea, but it tasted like as if they took it out of the can, and tried to put garlic and butter to it. You just don't do that in an upscale restaurant, in my opinion, Just disgusting..By the way, they offer French onion soup, the gentleman sitting at the table next to us had one, it looked delicious, I'm going to try it next time...Overall, it's pleasant dining, with great service. I will go back again.  I only  wished same thing can be said about Pasta Pirates next door.. Read my other review on it...
4	I went there with a group of 11 last Sunday night.  I thought the bread was outstanding,  the house salad with their honey-french dressing was good.  I would order the dressing on the side next time since they do put a big glob on the greens.  I ordered the 16 oz prime rib [there is also a larger 24 oz cut] medium rare and it came out excellent.  I was pretty hungry, however I still could not finish this thick boneless prime rib.  I am not sure if they have considered offering a smaller, maybe 12 oz. portion but that would have been perfect for me.  The sides of veggies and baked potato were very good.  Prices are very competitive with good steak houses, I would have thought it would be more expensive to eat here.  Will definitely go there again when I at the Cal Club.
4	Great place.  Has a really nice atmosphere.  I had the prime rib, and it was very juicy and tasty.  Soup was very good too.  Wait was pretty long, although we didn't have a reservation, so that might be why.
4	Great deal for the price you pay despite some minor flaws, service is fast and friendly, the environment is dark which is classic for steakhouses.The porterhouse special is a screaming bargain at $24, comes with the works, soup or salad, the main meal is a large porterhouse with the fixings and dessert.  Highly suggest that you order it medium rare because the quality of the steak is ok only so medium could be too tough and dry.  Also, they don't season the steak, so you should ask for A-1 sauce or have the server season with fresh pepper and salt.  Otherwise, the steak looked great with the elegant grill marks and have a nice smokey grill flavor.Also suggest you make reservations as the restaurant could be very busy at times.
1	Went here for my friends birthday because she loves this restaurant. However, the appetizers where burned and had to be sent back. The meals came out and where cold, by then it was so late we just had them box the stuff up and left. I will never go there again!
4	Absolutely FANTASTIC !!!!  The service was great only to be outdone by the food. We had the porterhouse special @ $24.95 which came with bread, salad, two sides and dessert. The only downfall was that it was downtown at the California. I happened to be staying on the strip, yet if I were staying there it would get 5 stars. This place would do well at Monte Carlo or MGM
5	Great value for well prepared steakhouse fare served up with all the flourish you would expect.
5	I've searched high & low, there's nobody who does their lobster tail like this place. It's a big portion of fresh & tender filet of lobster without the shell, just the way I like it. And you gotta have it with house potatoe wrapped in wonton wrap. It's to die for!! I drive 4 hours to vegas just to eat my favorite lobster here, 'cus it's done right!!
5	We try and visit every time we're in LV and it never disappoints.  The "steak special" is great with fabulous bread, great salad, large (18 oz) beautifully prepared Porterhouse steak and the simple, yet soooo good apple dumpling with ice cream.  I can long for the days  when this "special" was $10.00 (and included shrimp in the salad and I think soup too), but this dinner at $24.00 is still a great bargain.  The only negative is that we have the steak special as a tradition and miss out on some of the other great things - onion soup, prime rib, etc.  We always think next time we'll go ala carte, but haven't yet.The service is friendly, welcoming and professional - a great combination.It's not a Morton's or a Palm or even Ruth's Chris, (and not their pricing) but we LOVE this place.  Note that they are only open on certain evenings.
2	While in Vegas you do as the High Rollers do and eat at STEAKHOUSES! My original plan was to go to Hank's in Green Valley with my entourage but a few people did not have the correct attire...so we ended up at Redwood in the hotel lobby. I figured this place might be a little more upscale than the other restaurants in the Cal/Main ST property...but it wasn't. They do serve steaks and the usual steak house fare but no where close to the quality! If you've eaten at Pasta Pirate then you've basically eaten here! I love a bottled water for the table in Vegas (as most high end restaurants serve) but DASANI? LOLWe ordered the Ribeye and Filet Mignon dishes but it was nothing special. If you took your date here she would probably laugh and walk out on you. The food wasn't spectacular but the service was great. Although our waiter had a bit of the sniffles and a cough. YUCK! Another GREAT this was 5 people eating and only $150! I love the pricing but you get what you pay for! If you can get a COMP...eat here and order the King Crab Legs plate! That was impressive and a mound of food! 1 star for Service 1 Star for Price...that's about all I can give!
4	After all these years, this place is still rock solid.  The beef here is Prime so it's as good as any other steak house short of any place serving wagyu.  The staff is friendly and accommodating.  We always stop here on every trip.
2	Back again. Went in one day before our actual visit, told the lady we wanted  a reservation for the next day. We were well accommodated.  So far so good.This time, our waiter sucked (excuse my language). He had brought food out for us and for another table. He waited on the other table 1st, which was fine to me. But then he kinda forgot our food, by the time he pushed the cart to our table, it was much later, and our food was already cold.This guy should not be working as a waiter.. I think the restaurant itself  was still fine, had our food being brought our in a timely manner, it would have still gotten good recommendation from me. I'm going back in one week, I'm going to tell them bluntly that when my order is done, bring to me right away, so wait to see my next update..
5	I found this place on yelp because my husband and I love prime rib and filet minion . This place is in old Las Vegas at the California hotel.  We made out reservation on open table . I suggest you do the same for no waiting. My husband ordered the 30 oz prime rib and I ordered the petite filet minion 8 oz. The bus boy and server were very good. We did not have room for dessert, however they did have the desserts they offer on a display!  I love that ! No one ever does that anymore . Please come by and check this classy place out !
4	It's back to 4 stars. Our waiter Jose was very attentive, so were the busboys. Very impressive.This time I had Macadamia nut crusted chicken w/ shrimps,  Mom had Fillet Mignon with Lobster Tail.My chicken dish had a great sauce, however, the breaded crust was totally separated from the chicken as I cut into the dish..  A fine chef should be able to do a better job on sticking the breaded crust to the meat. However, it's tasty enough, no complaints.Mom's dish was great, it had a decent size fillet Mignon  and lobster. I know both ingredients were expensive, however, for $52.00 It looked a little boring and overpriced. Don't get me wrong though, they were tasty, just felt a bit overpriced..We go to Vegas every few months, and have always stayed at either California or Main Street. Have been doing so for over 20 years now. So this is probably the fanciest restaurant we would go during our stays..  It means a lot to us if it's good, so we won't have to journey out of these 2 casinos for better food.  This time around, good enough.. We'll stay inside on our next visit.
5	During a recent trip to Vegas, I once again trusted yelp for my dinner options and it stirred me in the A-1 direction!  Redwood Bar and Grill had top notch service, warm ambiance and an outstanding variety of food choices.  SImply Delightful!Being on a limited diet, I opted for the Roasted Chicken - the best I have ever had in a chicken dish!  My husband went the whole nine yards for their prime rib special (22 oz).  He found it cooked medium well to perfection and managed to finish all but a tiny portion.  The potato and veggies that accompanied the dinner were cooked and seasoned wonderfully and the check did not break your wallet!I'd highly recommend this little gem located in the California Hotel!  Don't miss out on a trip over during your vacation in Vegas!
1	The deep fried crusted Ahi was very poor quality. It was very stringy and could not cut it with a knife. I would recommend that not ordering this.
3	Totally forgot to do a review for this.Anyways for a get together with the other workers we made reservations for this place. A bit fancy... I mean look at their butter! (http://instagram.com/p/buf1DGnt66/) Rose shaped, so pretty! Sad when I had to use it for my piece of bread.To me, this place is expensive. The menu was limited...Started off with a salad or soup. I got the salad.I got the prime rib (http://instagram.com/p/bunqTjnt4j/). Yeah it's big, came with two sides. I got potatoes and vegetables. The size of the meat to my potatoes.. there wasn't enough. I'm not sure if it was the cook or the waitress's fault but my prime rib was cooked wrong. I asked for medium well and got medium. I am not one to complain but I guess I should have asked for it to be cooked a bit longer.And if you're asking, "Did she finish it?" YES, yes I did. I wanted to sleep right after BUT, we got dessert (http://instagram.com/p/bus97rHtzK/).There is ALWAYS room for dessert! We had two plates but I went for the one with chocolate. The brownie was really moist. I enjoyed the ice cream the most.Service, MEH. The waitress we had stayed at one side of the table and those that were on the other end had to basically yell their order across the table. She also dropped our plates when placing it in front of us that it made clashing sounds. She also made the assumption that one lady that was with us was Filipino and started talking Tagalog to her but she was Chinese and didn't understand her at all. Shouldn't make assumptions, cause she was upset after.I also tried different types of wine. I am not a wine person but it was nice to try some.
4	Took the parents out to dinner and this was opened on the Monday that we were there at CA Hotel.  Ordered the Rib-eye medium rare and baked potato.  Everything was delicious, but dessert...I know!  I ordered the Creme Brulee.  The custard was too thick, it wasn't creamy and the caramelized sugar on top was greasy.  No bueno.
5	Awesome steak at a great price.  Reminds me of a Rat Pack steakhouse with an Hawaiian flair.
4	Ate here for dinner while I was on a trip with my boyfriend and the food was amazing. I had the Macadamia Nut Chicken and it tasted absolutely heavenly. My boyfriend had the prime rib served with a side of rice and he absolutely loved! He didn't know that it was going to be a huge slab, so he ended up taking the rest back to the room. I wanted to try the crab legs but I didn't want to get messy since the reservations were also with my boyfriends company. Next time I come here, I'm definately trying it!
3	i meant to go to pasta pirate but they closed early because they are slow. they offered us a free drink for the inconvenience but i didn't want to drink so i just ordered something simple. me and my friend decided to split a meal which usually would be easy. the meal comes with salad or soup so i asked the server to just change it to one salad, a Caesar salad because that would be for me and not my counter part.. he then brought two and later charged us for them. it's fine, maybe i didn't make myself clear. the meal then made up for everything. the lamb was perfectly seasoned. and wasn't too tough. i dipped the rice in the steak juice and it was perfection. they even offered us a free dessert to make up for everything. we decided to get the creme brulee.  pricy for sure. i wouldn't go back on my own.
5	The porter house steak was awesome it just melts in your mouth.. and the dessert was Apple dumplings with vanilla ice cream everything was good...
5	This is how Fremont Street does steakhouses!  Inside the California Hotel, I've been here twice now, and this is my place to get a steak in Las Vegas without the glitz and glam of The Strip and of course the price.This is how I feel the Rat Pack did things.  Treated like royalty in an old school atmosphere with 10 of my friends for my bachelor party.  Everybody said they enjoyed their meal whether it was the porterhouse special, bone-in rib eye, or the 10 ounce fillet.  We also enjoyed some cheesy baked oysters, and a good quality bottle of red wine.Top notch service, top notch food, and just a chilled, but could be made romantic if you want it place.
4	Came in here with boyfriend on a Friday night with a reservation. We were early so sat at the bar for a drink - generous pours for sure! Then we got taken to our table. I asked what the soup was (clam chowder - amazing) and the whole time the server seemed to have an attitude about him with every word. Actually, when he walked away, I looked at my boyfriend and said "so he's a bit of a pretentious fuck, huh?" Boyfriend wholeheartedly agreed. It became comical at that point and we had a laugh about it but I could see another group getting offended. Back to the food: the oysters and dessert (German Chocolate cake) were forgettable. The soups (clam chowder and French onion) were outstanding, as were the entrees - my 8 oz filet was cooked perfectly and boyfriends 16 oz prime rib was incredible. Overall we would absolutely go back.
4	Tender Yummy Filet Mignon is always the best here. I love it as it is like butter. meat is yummy and super soft.
5	I love how yelp can give such accurate ratings because I was super hesitant to dine here but trusted the rating. The food was spectacular! We went for Father's Day and had a reservation for 730 but wanted to eat earlier and they sat us right away so we were pleased with that! I can't remember our servers name but she was pretty good, no complaints there. Our runner jay who got our drinks bread and uncorked our wine for us (which we brought and corkage fee was only ten bucks which is a great price) was AWESOME. He truly went above and beyond to make sure all of our needs were met. My boyfriend had rib eye, I had the filet, both cuts were fantastic and cooked perfectly. The house potato was ok. Veggies and salad good. Bread and dipping sauce awesome and dessert was good:) all of it for 4 of us got out the door at 160 before tip. Super reasonable for the quality of food and service! Will definitely be back!!!!
5	One word: Amazing!Awesome customer service. Our waiter was Jesus and he was super nice.Most of us got the porterhouse steak which was delicious! It was a large portion for $24. I would definitely come back!
1	On 9/6/14 we had reservations to dine at the Redwood Bar & Grill.  We've had numerous prior experiences there, and found this restaurant to be very good for food quality, price & service.  However, our recent experience is one to be forgotten, and never to return.  It started when we were seated in a booth.  Upon being seated when trying to read the menu, I noticed that all the lights along the top were non-functional, and we had nothing to light our table except one dimly lit table light about the power of a small penlight.  I asked the waiter if he would please turn on the overhead lamps so we could see the menu.  After a short absence, he returned to say that they were not working, and so basically, "too bad".  So, we proceeded to pass the table light around, and order our meals.  I had a ribeye steak, other individuals ordered the Atlantic Salmon, lamb chops, and shrimp scampi.  Comments to the food: my ribeye steak was just "okay" and nothing special.  It was actually a bit on the tough side, and not very tasty, but just ok.  However, when my sister got her shrimp scampi, it was COLD.  It was cold to the touch, and definitely had been sitting around the kitchen way too long before being brought to the table.  We immediately complained to the server, and she said, "let me take it back, and heat it up".  She took the dish back to the kitchen, to be heated up & brought back few minutes later.  It was a bit warmer, but it was still just "luke warm" and definitely not how a main dish should be served.  However, my sister decided against sending it back again, for fear that the kitchen staff might get upset, and do something "bad" to the dish.  In all my experiences dining at better restaurants, if there is something wrong with the dish(cold food inclusive), the dish was completely re-prepared and brought out fresh, hot & served to order, with an apology for the mistake.  As a matter of fact, many restaurants that I frequent at home would go one step further, and comp the meal as an offset to their mistake.  Neither action was taken by Redwood staff.  We also realized that the reason they could not heat the shrimp scampi back to piping hot was because the shrimps would then be "overcooked" and very tough.  So it seemed that the kitchen crew took the action of cheap, quickest fix, and least effort on their part.  For that reason, and our overall poor experience at the Redwood Bar & Grill, we will not ever return to this establishment.  Had they done anything to correct their mistakes, or even offered a sincere apology and made the effort to correct the food, we might feel differently.  Las Vegas has many restaurants that serve great food, and the service is good as well.  Redwood needs to do much better training of both kitchen & service staff, fix their physical facilities so everything works right, and teach their people how to graciously accept & correct any mistakes made in food preparation.  Hopefully, someone that has a sincere interest in RB&G will read this & take it to heart.  Aloha, Howard Y. from Hawaii
5	Fancy restaurant. Somewhat upscale. Perfect to come in after a wining night at the casinos! Or if you simply want steak. We were a group of 8 with no reservations and got seated instantly.  Greeter asked if we had reservations and when we said no he said he would still help us out. Although they can only seat  4 at a table they still placed us close by each other.
5	Went there because we want a satisfying meel without paying an arm and a leg. Well we were not disappointed. I would not call this ace a bar and grill, I would call it more fine dining. The prime rib was the best I ever had, baked oysters amazing. Crab legs fabulous. Manhattan clam chowder yummy.  Filet and lobster perfect. Service was great. The only advice is to make a reservation, but worth the wait. And come hungry.
5	One of my favorite restaurant in vegas. A hidden gem located inside California Hotel! The food is great from the appetizer to the main course.We would normally get the baked oysters,  escargot, or the half shell oyster.Ribeye or lobster thermodori..
1	Should have listened to the reviewer that said very mediocre. King crab was half warm half still refrigerator cold. Wait staff nice but inattentive. Very expensive for what you get. Over cooked veggies that were once frozen, and nasty wonton wrapped mashed potato that tasted like old glue. Will not be back.
5	French Onion Soup, Redwood Cut of Prime Rib, Chilean Sea Bass and Apple Dumpling were the bomb. Our servers Darren and Aurelio were awesome. They made our early anniversary dinner special even though they did not know it was a special occasion. We will be back on our next visit.
5	the steak and half and half always top quality. where did all the people go? to many palms?
