4	Got my hair cut here yesterday, nice guy (Jimmy).  Looking at it today it looks good, very good. Was going to Tonys, for $45 this was half the price and no Attitude. Going back next time too.
5	My mom walked in for a haircut a couple months ago, was pleased with Jimmy's handiwork and recommended him to me, hinting I really needed a haircut. So what if my bangs were down to the tip of my nose and I looked like a bag lady? Well, I walked in this evening for a wash and cut. I showed him a bunch of hairstyle pictures I had pinned to a board on Pinterest and he went to work. His manner is gentle and meticulous and he takes his time getting it right. He layered my long hair and texturized my bangs deftly by hand and not with those texturizing scissors. I was happy right away; I didn't have to "get used to it." It looked like a more expensive cut for only $18 + tip! I've paid more for a hack job. Seriously, win-win. I'll be back again. :)
5	I Just had a haircut done with Jimmy and I have to say, this guy is very detailed.  He has a very friendly personality,  and is sure to Keep anyone well entertained while they have their cut done. I showed him a photo from my phone on how I wanted my hair, and he did a great job at getting it right.  One thing I really appreciated about him he barely touched the buzzer, and spent Most of his time using scissors.  Great customer service, good vibes, and a nice cut!  I'll definitely return to Jimmy's and you should try his shop for yourself.
5	Quick, well done, great cut. No frills if you don't want them, but also offer a variety of all the bells and whistles. Jimmy was very friendly and we had a nice conversation while he took care of business. Newer place that needs locals support. Highly recommend.
5	A couple weeks ago, mom and I were back! While waiting for the solution to set on her perm, she was attentively taken care of by other staff (Jimmy's lovely family) with tea and conversation. All the while, Jimmy cut the hair of a mom and her 2 kids, a gushing couple who thinks Jimmy rocks as much as I do, oh and me. :D So it seems he can do adults and kids, men/women, boys/girls. Also, from this apparent constant influx of customers (last time I was the only one), my secret must be out! So call ahead on the weekends just to check, but most people seemed to be walk-ins. Also, from the friendliness and familiarity, most people seemed to be repeats. Not surprised to find that skill, unpretentiousness, and customer service inspire loyalty. So I'm glad if this little family business is thriving.For the ladies, this place is next to a threading shop. I've never been there, so I don't know what they're like. But I guess after you get your hair did, you could also get your eyebrow hairs did.Finally, to staff and any customers after me, if there were no more Mr. Goodbars in the candy bowl, it is because I ate them all. My apologies.
5	We have been clients of Jimmy for over two years. I am very excited that he finally has his own salon... He does great with my cuts and layers and an amazing job with my sons fohawk and tapers & lineup. Absolutely would recommend his salon... love the service and love supporting local businesses!
5	LOVE IT HERE !!!! I have been searching for so long for a place to get my sons hair cut. I thought that what I needed was simple. A clean place, a stylist that is nice, listens to what you ask for, a place that is reasonably priced. I FINALLY FOUND IT HERE WITH JIMMY! (Thank you, Jimmy you are forever stuck with me and my family.) Just a little note everyone...  Jimmy can cut any hair style. Lol my son gets his hair done like Tyler Hoechlin. (Derek from Teen Wolf)
5	Jimmy is the best. I found Jimmy about 18 months ago and haven't gotten my hair cut anywhere since. He does an outstanding job.
5	OMG!! This is definitely the place I want to get my cut. I showed him a picture n Jimmy styled it perfect.  Place is 8 mins from my house n haircut price is average.  Feelin fresh n so clean!!
4	Walked in and Jimmy welcomed me right in and did a brief consultation. For $15 I think this is a pretty good deal. He didn't style it at the end, but I wouldn't expect that for the price either. He rechecked his work several times during the cut which I appreciated. I will be back.
5	Jimmy is a great stylist. Very friendly. And the price is great. This is my go to spot.
