2	Grease galore!  This place is a fantastic stop for a snack.  They've got several locations, and it's easy to miss if you don't realize you're looking for a small, free-standing restaurant on the west side of Arizona Avenue in Chandler.  I had the crab sticks (imitation crab covered in batter and fried) and fish.  It was less greasy than Long John Silver's, and the price was about the same.
3	---- Update ----Okay so me and a buddy went back to Pirate's yesterday and I have to say, I am saddened.  They have changed suppliers, and now the versions of their items are horrible.  The shrimp are just regular frozen jumbo shrimp, not the big globs of battered goodness as before.  Their scallops are about as big as my thumbnail and they looked horrible.  The fish is a square processed patty and the fries are skinny and cheap.They even hired a second employee.  A lady who is not only rude, but smug while she is laying into you about how the tartar sauce doesn't come with your fish.  NO TARTAR SAUCE?!?!?! Its a fish and chips place!!!! In the end, we had to 'trade' (YES I SAID TRADE!) our Pete's, oops i mean Pirate's sauce for tartar sauce!  WHAT A JIP!I am removing a star for this horrendous "make over". Because hey, if you're gonna change something, change the damn tables!---- First Review ----What can I say about Pirates Fish and Chips?  Well there are some good things and bad things (mostly good).  You could EASILY compare this to any number of fish and chip 'shacks' around the Phoenix valley, but this one definitely stands out.  It stands out mostly because of its cleanliness (compared to other shacks) and the food itself.  I have been to the location on Warner and Gilbert twice now and both times it was clean, and the service was fast.  Everything on the menu is frozen, mind you, but it comes in large portions.  The service is great, they will actually bring it out to you even if you are sitting outside!  The food has been super hot (almost too hot) both times, so be careful when biting into those delicious crabby patties!On the downside, the plastic tables are an eyesore, and should be wiped down more often.  They really don't fit well with the decor (Mural, flatscreens, etc..) and I wouldn't bring anyone to this place to impress them (solely because of the tables)
2	Yo, ho, yo, ho a greasy life for me!Pirate's Fish (ampersand) Chips was my first experience into the ever so popular UK "Fish (ampersand) Chips" lifestyle. As a matter of fact I don't really even enjoy seafood to begin with....that must be why I liked the food here the first time I visited it. I went with my totally cool Yelper buddy "Fatso" (http://www.yelp.com/user_details?userid=TQo2DFe6O6LWALv_awgcCQ) and have been back a few times since our initial visit. We actually have not visited the Chandler establishment, we go to the Gilbert one (Warner and Gilbert Rd area).The Ambiance: OK well ambiance is a bit of an excessive word in this case, but it is a room with windows a place to sit. To me this is BY FAR the worst part about this place. I honestly feel like I'm sitting in an ER waiting room, wondering if I'm going to see a doctor in the next 4 hours. The tables are made of the same material my kids "little tykes" outdoor picnic table is made of and they feel very grimy and in need of a serious power wash. There is no pirate paraphernalia nor any background music reminiscent of the high seas. The closest they come is when the 42" Westinghouse LCD is set to ESPN and they have a special on either the Pittsburgh Pirates or the Tampa Bay Buccaneers.The Staff/Service: I would probably say that the the Staff and Service are right around "par" but they are real close to dropping to a quick "bogey" (sorry, got stuck on the ESPN reference there). The wait time for your food once you order it is probably 4x longer than McDonald's however the food seems a lot less complicated to make. There isn't an item on the menu that's not dropped into a fryer basket then removed after the timer sounds. I'm sure it's just the amount of time that God requires a frozen hunk of sub zero seafood to thaw in boiling hot grease but I WANT IT FASTER! For the most part the 2 employees that I have ever seen there are amiable, however you don't want to ask too many questions or get into heavy conversation. That would most likely prove hazardous to your health as the wrong spoken word or impatient glance would most likely push them over the edge of  complacency, to postal. Just smile and nod, smile and nod. :)The Food: Since I didn't know what I would like decided to go with the phrase "I'll take one of everything". Fortunately they had a combo meal that gave you a nice sample of all the different "fish type" products. Not being a fan of seafood turned out to be a GREAT thing at this restaurant because I was served a huge basket of sizzling hot french fries topped with pounds of batter dipped.......batter! I found out that somewhere in the middle of the batter dipped batter there was in fact a small portion of "fish type" product. It's kind of like eating a "tootsie pop"except the other way around.....the batter is the best part, as opposed to the crappy hard candy you have to get through to eat the tootsie roll. The Price: The bright spot here is that the pricing is rather inexpensive however if you stop and think about what your eating it kind of makes sense. Most everything is frozen, processed and covered in batter. Everything on the menu can be ordered as a meal with fries and a drink for around $5 - $6. If you'd like to "super size" your meal you can actually throw in pieces of fish, shrimp, scallops or crab "A la Carte" to meet your stomachs needs. All in All: All in all I CANNOT figure out why the hell I keep going back to Pirates Fish (ampersand) Chips!!!! I HATE the atmosphere, I don't care for the employees, the tables irritate the heck our of me and the food is unhealthy, deep fried and CHEAP! The food is unhealthy, deep fried and cheap. REDRUM REDRUM REDRUM The food is unhealthy, deep fried and cheap. The food is unhealthy, deep fried and cheap.  .......oh yea, thats why.....yum!
3	I had been to the location on University in Mesa and one other but today was my first time at this one that I can remember.  I got the oysters and "chips", only 4 for $6.50 with a ton of fries.  The flavor was good and they were moist and not too oily, just not very big.  I should have just asked if I could get only oysters and no fries as my daughter got enough with her chicken tenders to supply both of us.  Her tenders were surprisingly good!  She got four large ones with the fries and a drink for $5.50.  I got a piece of fish on the side for a buck fifty that looked unappealing but was very good, moist and flaky not too greasy, good flavor.  I was expecting worse.  The fries were likely from frozen but I wouldn't expect much more from a place like this.  The downside was no tartar sauce, no cocktail sauce, no malt vinegar, nothing to embellish either the fish or chips to make them a little more special.  But the place is cheap ad there was a steady stream of cars and people the whole time we were there.The misting was helpful since there is no indoor seating and we had to sit at the table outside.  It was 110 or so.Oh, and bring cash--no cards!7110
1	The worst fish & chips ever!!!! Do not eat at this place. For the quality of the food, it's way over priced. I won't even eat there for free. Everything taste frozen and nasty. It's better to buy the frozen fish sticks and fries at your local grocery store and just fry them up yourself and it'll still taste better than this place. Arghhh!
4	Oysters.  That's all there is to it, 15 deep fried oysters.  That is all I want, that is all I order.Of all the P* Fish and Chips, this breading is the thinnest... I was thinking it was all pre-fabbed, but now reading Jared A's review, perhaps the secret is hand breading!
4	This place isnt as bad as all these reviews make it out to be. I have come to this little drive thru ever since I was a kid with my parents. And we have had the food at various times where they more than likely changed suppliers.. With that being said, I am talking about the length of time this place has been here, the shrimp being cut, different size, but same breading. Which to me when a place is there for so long, and the food and the Shrimp and Chips (Which i have to say is the best thing to get here) goes along way showing that they are a good restruant with a huge customer base.I did recently try the Crab and Chips.. I tasted just like I expected all this  time, no good....  (oh well, lifes a risk sometimes). Overall, Just stick to the shrimp and chips and the secret sauce is the best... Which is actual El Pato and Ketchup mixed together..
4	Just like pete's fish and chips, french fries are a limp but fish is great
3	This is kinduva wierd review for me to write as I am only giving Pirate's 3 stars but I love going there and will continue to. Sure the food is not great quality but there is a place in my heart and gut for cheap greasy fast food like the treats served up here. The fish and chips are exactlywhat you should expect for $4. Sure I would love to go down to Murphy's Law and get $15 fish and chips but sometimes I want to stop and just get a gut bomb instead. I look forward to touring the rest of the menu through the years.
3	This was our first visit there and I must say it was decent.  Not spectacular food, but good.  Great prices and not overly greasy.  The fries were not very good, soggy and limp, but we didn't go for the fries anyway.  Super fast service. Cash only though. Will definitely return to try other items.
1	I'd never eat here again, even if they paid me to.Being a born-and-raised Mainah, I was really craving some fish and chips. My brother was in town and we went together. When we received the food we were appalled. The "fish" was literally just a thin, overcooked patty that was quite obviously a pre-made frozen food. The fries, scallops and shrimp were the same. Factory-made frozen food that they heat and serve. Literally, that's it. They just open a bag, heat it up, and serve it. They don't prepare anything here. Oh, and if you want sauce? They charge extra.
5	We love this place!! I don't know why they have bad reviews but the chicken tenders are amazing and the #4 fills up my boyfriend and I for a good price! I will continue to come eat here! :)
1	I can't believe this place is in business. The food is worse than you find in the freezer section at Walmart.
5	Pregnancy cravings!  They say your body knows when it needs nutrients, and there's time when I just need to eat liver or oysters (I'm guessing iron right?).  Liver is rare and out of fashion, so I precall my order in to avoid the wait... and then crunch down on the 10 or 15 pc oysters ALL BY MY LONESOME.  nom nom nom.
2	Been wanting to eat here for a while now and finally stopped by for lunch. I was expecting more. We tried the fish, shrimp, crab, fries. Seafood had zero flavor, fries were soggy and the "pirates sauce" was watered down hot sauce. Long john silvers is wayyyyyy better. I don't think I would go back.
4	I was nervous to try this place based on the reviews, but it's one of those places where you either love it or you hate it. Yes the sauce seems like watered down ketchup, and maybe it it's.. But it works with the food! It's not a gourmet fish and chips place but I actually liked the fish a lot better then I do at most Restraunts. It had enough seasoning and salt. The only down side was the fries.. They were just soggy . But overall satisfied.
2	We really wanted to like Pirates but had to mark it down.  Got the fried shrimp, chicken nuggets, fries and onion rings.  Shrimp was fantastic, however, the fries had an awful aftertaste like they were cooked in old oil.  The chicken nuggets were processed chicken and mediocre at best.  The onion rings looked like they were going to rock but ended up being bland with zero flavor.  Really, really disappointed.  We'll drive to Tempe or Mesa and hit up Petes instead.
4	I don't understand the 1 star reviews. The place gives you a lot of food for great prices. It's a heck of a lot better than Long John Silver. The fries could use some salt though. The shrimp is great.It's cash only. That kind of sucks. But, I'm going again this weekend.
1	Nasty!  Fish is square like overstock freezer patties.  Shrimp was flat discs of ???  I do not think it was real shrimp.  French fries were barely cooked dripping with oil and soggy.  Had we not gone through drive through I would not have accepted the food.  We will not ever go back.
1	I have driven by this place many times and see a good number of people eating there. Finally I go. yuck! It was the worst fried food I ever tasted. Everything was fresh from the freezer,square fish, and you could see the salt lying on the batter. My husband and I threw the food out and went to Santan.
4	Great food. I would give it 5 stars if they took credit/debit cards.
3	Not too bad, good prices, food was quick fish and chips. I've had better, I've a lot worse too..so middle of the road for me..but I left full :-)
4	Best food ever!! Ignore those other nasty reviews about this place, it's above my expectations everyday when I come here! Friendly customer service, great prices, but the only thing that would make this 5 stars is if I could get the nutrition info on the food I am eating. Thanks!!!
