3	You are as guilty as me.... you know what I am talking about too. You only go here when you are at the mall and want your free piece of candy! Hehehe ( I know, it doesn't feel as bad when others do it too) The only real time I actually go in to buy something is during the holidays. This is one of my favorite chocolate places in town. I love all the milk chocolate and white chocolate treats. My favorite is the Bourdeaux! YUMMY!Also, make sure to try the lime white chocolate...OMG...so good.Prices can be a little on the pricier side but not crazy. Usually about $17 for a 1 pound box..but worth it. You can taste the freshness of it. Its worth spending your calories on chocolate that is deserving :)I hope to "See" you there!
4	Every time I step inside a See's candy store I reminisce from back in the day, when I use to pick up their suckers that were 3 for 25 cents! Other than prices, very little has changed with See's store. This one in our mall has the same white/black color scheme running throughout from the checked flooring up to the employees uniforms. During the busy candy seasons this tiny store is packed but at least they are pretty organized and efficient the wait time is not long at all. They also will offer you a chocolate...not a chocolate fan??..well they'll still offer you a candy,like butterscotch, white chocolate, pumpkin. My husband passed up on a piece, so I was going to have his, but the candy lady offered my husband the pumpkin filled white chocolate. Darn it! But hey at least they are considerate right?  It's always such a big treat to receive a box of chocolate, especially ones from here.
5	Excellent customer service! I went in to the store to get a gift for a friend. The girl behind the counter was incredibly helpful. She also offered me samples. I had to limit myself :) She told me which were the more popular choices, and helped me to customize a 1lb box. She also gift wrap wrapped the box. It was a nice sized box all for under $20. Also she informed me that if my friend didn't like some of the choices she could bring them in and exchange them for other choices. Incredible customer service. I was very impressed and will definitely be back again. The milk chocolate covered toffee was amazing!
4	"Do You See What See's Sees?"The gal at the counter was obnoxiously helpful. I couldn't move twelve inches without her asking if she could assist me. Perhaps she saw a wheelchair beneath me, or maybe dark glasses and a walking stick. Whatever the case, she might need more help than I ever will.I took peanut brittle and chocolates to the register. She asked again if I wanted candy samples. Sigh. Apparently she thought that in addition to my alleged handicaps I was also a retired porn star. Politely, I told her that Candy was much too old for me and probably didn't give Samples anymore. Needless to say I likely received the oddest of looks, but I wasn't really paying much attention.Back home, I fumbled with the boxes as Nurse Lola sponged my flesh. I smiled as she gently took the candy from my lap. Again I smiled as she pressed chocolate to my lips, her fingers lingering on my tongue for several wonderful seconds. When all was said and done, when all was bathed and dried, I rested comfortably in bed with a half eaten box of peanut brittle and the lovely warmth of Nurse Lola. And as I drifted away into blessed slumber, I wondered for the umpteenth time what she actually looked like....
4	I went in early to beat the holiday crowds to get some candy for my mom and friends. Behind the counter was a super nice lady, Lynn. She was so pleasant to deal with. It certainly made my trip into the store a whole lot more comforting and easy experience. What really surprised me though was the number of adults that came in to just get a free piece of candy and yet they did not even pretend to be interested in buying anything. One older man, maybe 65 years old, tried to stop her from helping me (a paying customer) to get his piece of candy as he was in a hurry. In a hurry for a free piece of candy! It should really be " a free piece of candy with purchase" as I don't think those free-loaders understand that the cost of those free pieces of candy is what helps to drive up the prices for those of us who actually purchase candy there for our loved ones! Anyways, when you go in, see Lynn as she is wonderful!
