4	My business is very near That's Amore, and without a measure of planning (which is usually beyond the scope of my skills on any given day) I wind up sometime in the afternoon realizing I have neglected to eat anything all day, and have no idea what I'm going to do for lunch. Now, you can only eat SO MUCH pizza in any given week. Seriously- trust me. I have experience with this. So, much of the time, I'll order a sandwich from That's Amore. My particular favorite is the Italian sub (I get it without onions or dressing). I've also had the meatball sub a few times, which is great too, but messy. There's just some days when I know from the start that I do not have the organization I'll need to keep a sloppy sandwich from landing on my clothing. Still- the meatball sub is a pretty good bet anyway. The pizza is good, though I prefer it when I have someone to share with and can order a whole pie instead of slices. The slices are good too, but given a choice I'm not a fan of warmed-up pizza vs fresh out of the oven. The pies are good sized but on the greasy-gooey side, which IMO does nothing to detract from the taste but will make you think twice about skipping that workout later. I've found the staff to be friendly and personable, and there have been times when I was too busy or just too tired to go over to pick up my order, and they've happily brought it to me. Now, granted, I'm something of a "regular" and a local business owner, which may tint my experience somewhat, but I've been happy to continue to do business with them and there is nothing like a nice, hot Italian sub when you're starving. They also have a selection of soft drinks and a surprisingly full menu of salads, sides and entrees along with the pizza and sub menu.
5	The trick here is to ask for extra sauce.
5	Solid pizza joint with cool and friendly staff. Slices are cheap, $2:50. Also I tried a  turkey bacon 12 in. Came to $9:00...not bad deal for the size and was delicious.
5	Great pizza and hoagies at good prices I always stop in for a slice when I'm near by.
5	Best delivery in Lawrenceville hands down! Ask for extra cheese!
