5	I know this is ridiculous, but this is seriously one of the best dimsum restaurants I've ever been to--and I've lived in Hong Kong.  The deep-fried custard buns are out of this world (and I've never actually found them at any other dimsum restaurant), and other dimsum staples like the peanut dumplings, shrimp crepes, and chicken feet are all quite good, too.  The wait staff can be super-nice or super-grumpy (depends on the person, the day, etc.), but the food is always great.A few tips:- For dimsum, go at night!  Counterintuitive, I know, but I think their dimsum chef comes at night, because the dimsum (esp. aforementioned custard buns!) are seems much fresher at night.- If you're getting a soup, I recommend bringing your own containers--they don't have great containers for taking soup home.Definitely recommended.
4	Dragon Way seems surprisingly little known given its location and long establishment. It shouldn't be! Perhaps this is because it is overshadowed by the ever popular music venue Henry's Cellar Bar below it.I've been to Rainbow Arch several times now and each time it seems to get better and better. It's a dim sum specialist so while there... try some dim sum! You'll find some more creative and unusual varities. The alternative menu is decent too.The general aesthetic of place isn't incredible but not terrible either. It had a sort of old-school Chinese restaurant feel. Sometimes the tablecloth and menus don't seem that new either.I've heard that the staff are not always the most friendly but every time I've been in I've always found them to be helpful and perfectly amiable.Also keep in mind that Raindbow Arch closes late, around 3am, making it one of the few decent late night restaraunts in Edinburgh.A really great dim sum restaurant in the heart of Edinburgh,
2	Ok, so maybe dim sum is the way to go on this place. The nice thing is that they have it all the time, and this place is open late (though they closed at 11 when I was there, despite teh giant OPEN TILL 3 AM sign). So maybe call first.It was... fine. We had duck and char sieu on rice and hot and sour soup. Though the soup had nice flavour, it was SO corn-starchy and gelatenous that you could probably walk on the surface. Or call it hot n' sour custard. But maybe that was just that batch.Hmm, I didn't see what other reviewers saw, but oh well.
