4	A nice Italian Cafe in the West Island of Montreal. This place serves a lot of variety. they serve some italian food, frankly I haven't eat there once, but they mostly serve pasta meal. There's one specialy for the Moka coffee amateur. It's a coffee, thick with chocolate pudding in it.... don't judge it before you've tasted it! It's really good.
3	Now, I'm not a very big Italian foodie. In fact, if I had to eat pasta or human flesh, I would have to take a minute to think about it. So I went out with My Uncle Larito and his girlfriend, Nancita and their friend Anita. The outside of the establishment was a little rough, the CA from the word CAFE was missing, and there was a running joke that Cafe Maurizio was a cafe of the fairies. I understand that this place is now under new management (due to a very hokey red banner over the door).  Inside we are greeted by two thick curtains separated by a pillar. I was a little afraid that I would hit someone on the other side. Nancita went through the curtain with grace, but I was a little clumsy as the drape decided to get to know me better by clinging to my jacket. Once inside, Fe Maurizio is quite large and very well decorated. A large bar with various wines and liqueurs, a small pastry case at the end with a small window that looks into the kitchen. Very Clean. We sat down in quite a nice spot, in the front part of the restaurant. There were a few other parties farther back in the restaurant that seemed to be having a good time. The table was clean, neat, and very well set. We were greeted by our 'waiter'. He didn't have the air of a waiter, but rather the proprietor. Larito was curious and joked around with our waiter Raphael. He was really quite a great person to serve us. He even took a look at my wrist problem after saying that he studied massage. He was quite the wonderful addition to our meal experience. He was very forthcoming with his recommendations on the menu. Larito took his suggestion head on and ordered the Ravioli in a rose sauce. Nancita went with the Spaghetti Picasso. I got the cannelloni meal deal that came with coffee, Caesar salad, and a dessert. Anita was craving bruschetta and asked for a side of balsamic vinegar with some boconchini. The meal was quite good. The cannelloni came with three pieces in a red sauce. The pieces were not thicker than a loonie with a meat mixture inside. I would have liked to have been told this. I love my cheese and spinach cannelloni when I decide not to eat human flesh. I had a few bites of Larito's ravioli, which was quite nice. The rose sauce was round but not overpowering. There were bits of ham and other things floating around with the pasta. All in all, it was nice. The Spaghetti Picasso, however, I found not all that amazing. In fact, it was overpowering. There were olives with sundried tomatoes and mushrooms in a rose sauce. All of the flavours were so overwhelming that I couldn't take more than one bite. A different type of pasta would have worked better as well. I didn't have the bruschetta, but I was told it was wonderful. It was tomato on thinner bread, almost a pita. She had drizzled balsamic and oil all over it. Honestly, if I wasn't so full from my three (yes, they were actually filling) cannelloni, I would have loved to have a bite. It did look fantastic. Raphael did some back a few times, not as much as I would have liked considering that there were only two or three other parties dining that night. We had finished eating and sat there for five or so minuted before the plates were collected. I also had to ask for my coffee and dessert. The coffee was okay, not the best I've ever had, but more of a standard fare. Nancita had a cafe mocha, which came with a generous amount of real whipped cream on top. She ordered two of them, so I'm assuming that it was good. Raphael was very accommodating with the dessert, he split it in two so that we all could enjoy it. The dessert was some kind of walnut brownie that had a fudge-base frosting on top. It would have been better if it wasn't cold. It was also dry, but can I honestly expect a restaurant that is missing their 'CA' out front to have a pastry hand? No, no, and definitely not. All in all, the experience was a positive one. The prices were on the higher side, especially for pasta. I guess I'm spoiled, I've only ever found one man that can make pasta that I enjoy, and that is my Grandfather. His putanesca sauce is to die for, and this is coming from me - the 'I'd rather eat human flesh' lady. I am very neutral to this place, I do not know if the architecture was due to the new management, and I'm guessing renaming this establishment into a Resto Cafe rather than just a Cafe was the reason for Fe Maurizio hanging overhead. It was good, but not good enough that I'd put it aside in my mind as a place that I'd love to go to again. Any asian places in the area? :D
