5	Greatest lip & eyebrow wax in the UNIVERSE.I have to make an appointment to see Judit every time I'm in town.My mom and I have been loyal followers since Judit first came to the States from Hungary and was working at a prestigious Pittsburgh salon and spa.Now Judit, perfectionist that she is, has her own gorgeous salon which far outshines the competition, in both ambiance and the quality of the experience.  She uses natural products with an expert touch.  Highly recommended.
4	This is a quaint, serene little day spa in the South Side. I regularly get my eyebrows waxed here. They use a different kind of wax that doesn't require strips for removal, and it works really well. Not only do my brows look great, but the skin isn't all red where the waxing occurred.  For Valentine's Day the hubby and I got a couples massage.  He the deep tissue, and I got the hot stone massage.  The whole experience was awesome, relaxing and soothing.  I'd never gotten a hot stone massage before, and I highly recommend it.  Their prices are reasonable, and the staff are experienced and friendly.  Plus, there's always good candies in the waiting room :)Oh, just a note: they do not accept American Express & bring cash to tip.
5	This spa is located on the South Side. A beautiful place to be relaxed and pampered. My friend and I went for a Day of Decadence package which is a pedicure, manicure, facial and hot stone massage that lasted 4 hours. A great experience worth every penny and more (I have to add). Judit and her mother were very nice and treated us like royalty. The massage was wonderful, very quiet and relaxing. The facial was great as well, having sensitive skin it didn't leave red spots making my face looking like it was 'worked on'. Judit did a great job on the manicure and pedicure, this last one was a treat. Thank you. If you want a great atmosphere and friendly staff you need to check this place out. I guarantee you will love it. I'm very pleased with it!
5	My friend and I had a perfect spa day package there.  I had an incredible hot stone massage, a facial and finished with a manicure and pedicrue.We especially enjoyed the personalized, intimate service.  They brought us champagne and snacks during the pedicure which was completely unexpected.If you're looking for pampering, this is the place.
5	Okay, so I never thought I'd be into the whole "hot stone massage" thing. I like basic massages for my sore, stressed neck and love a good foot, hand, face, and everything-in-between massage. However, here I was in Pittsburgh, visiting the folks, and needing a bit of stress-relief. In comes google and Yelp to the rescue! I received an absolutely amazing hot stone massage for a very reasonable price ($70/hour) at Judit European Visage. I learned that the hot stones help my muscles relax, and that being pressed with them (they're smooth) is very relaxing and calming. I also run cold (circulation issues), so the warmth from the stone felt amazing! Calming music, a quiet room, (a chance to be massaged with my partner also getting a massage in the same room), and a strong and gentle massage therapist, and I left feeling like a new person in our newly cleaned car (see review for CleanTown below). The owner also offered bottles of spring water and homemade walnut bread. It was really sweet of her.It's been a great week, and Judit European Visage is part of that greatness! ;) I highly recommend them for a beautiful experience.
5	A friend and I were in for a reunion and booked here at the last minute. They were extremely accomodating and far exceeded our expectations. We both got massages and pedicure's and it the prices were very reasonable.
5	It's pronounced "You-dit"   ;)My girls took me here for my Bachelorette Spa Day and it was amazing!We had a private afternoon and it was very intimate and relaxing!The women there (the mother and daughter--I'm pretty sure the mom owns it) were fabulous and very accommodating!We did the Bridal Package and we had champagne, cheeses, meats and fruits that were sooo good!The facility itself has a very nice decor and is very relaxing and intimate.The staff was friendly and a pleasure to spend the day with.The services which I personally took part in were the pedicure and the massage and let me tell you.  The pedi was nice...The massage was to die for!!!!!You absolutely must go here if you're in need of a day of pampering with a friend or several!  :)I simply cannot say enough good things about this spa!
5	I am SO sold on Judit.  My sister and I called to get in for pedicures on a Saturday.  Needless to say, they were completely booked.  We shopped around online for another option.  Within a half an hour Judit called back and said we could come in @ 4PM.  They took us together and it was the most relaxing, thorough pedicure I've ever had!  The salon is not beautiful or modern but it is very quaint and welcoming.  The pedicure was $45 each.  Very reasonable for this amazing service here.  I will go back.
5	went back for another pedicure.  again, no one does it better.  if you want the job done well for any spa type services this is the place in the burgh to go.  pedicure, manicure, facial, waxing, massage.  this is the spot.  again, it's not cheap but it is well worth the price. p.s.- make sure you bring a cash tip
5	So I am not the Spa type, I mean I would love to be but unfortunately its not in my budget.  I got a glimpse into the life of ladies who lunch today...and it was fabulous! My sister and I visted Judit's today with a gift certificate for a facial and hot stone massage.  My sister and I were taken upstairs into a private room.  She (I believe the mother of the owner) said that we would be in the same room and when one is getting a facial the other will be getting a massage. Now the good stuff! I got a massage first and my sister got a facial. I have gotten hot stone massages before (ok, once before) but it was nothing like this.  The whole massage lasted 60 minutes and was soooo relaxing. She started on my back, then legs, (flipped me over) then arms and hands, then legs and feet again. It was perfect and so thorough. I am pumped that I didn't have to get up and switch places for the facial.  The facial was incredible as well. Exfoliating masks, moisturizing lotions, steam towels, lotion gloves. She even got rid of my blackheads, although painful it was appreciated. SUCH A RELAXING DAY! If you have some extra cash and want to treat yourself instead of buying a new pair of pumps get a massage/facial here! *Great Gift Idea*
3	I've been to this salon several times for an eyebrow wax. Tu has always done my eyebrows- and she is wonderful! She is so sweet and gentle and really knows what she is doing. However, I recently had my eyebrows waxed by the owner herself, and she was incredibly unprofessional! She left me on the table with hot wax on my face to answer the front desk phone and proceeded to schedule an appointment, the entire time i layed there with the wax on my eyebrow not sure if i should rip it off myself to avoid getting burned. Then, she brought the phone back into the room with her and took ANOTHER phone call and scheduled someone WHILE PLUCKING MY EYEBROWS! which obviously turned out uneven! I think this is beyond unprofessional and i would never expect that from the salon owner herself.
4	Really nice! Had a facial. Felt very pampered. Very professional - one of the best I've ever had. Well priced.
5	Oh wow....legit spa in pittsburgh with super friendly estheticians. I had been to Judit's before to buy a gift card for one of my girlfriends and i noticed that the owners were very friendly.  The brazilian i got here recently solidified their legit status in my books.  I was driving home after a bikram yoga session and i remembered that i had a date with the pool in 24 hours and so my amazon needed some serial deforestation. Parking was easy to find on East carson 25cts for 30 minutes. I walked in  sans appointment and was greeted by Judit. i told her i needed a brazilian wax and she told me that she could fit  me in. ..on a saturday guys!!! ...Amazing!!!!!  I am very attached to my esthetician in Denver and i was initially a bit skeptical. 10 minutes later and Judit led me into a cute little room in the back. It was very clean and the decor was cute.  They used hard wax not  the old school strips. The hard wax is gentle and great for sensitive skin.  I was kind of gross-post yoga and i kept apologizing but she was totally cool about it.  she was fast, gentle and we chatted as she mowed my lawn. she made sure i was  comfortable the entire time. They also do the back side which is usually uncomfortable but she was fast and before i knew it we were done. She then handed me a towel with some oil and left the room.  She was a total pro (duh!!! she owns the place) and the entire wax lasted about 10 minutes.... Im used to paying less for waxes in denver but i thought $60 was still decent considering that you don't have to go back for 4-6weeks. FYI: bring some cash if you plan on tipping or tell them how much you want to tip before they run your card.  I didn't see any products to prevent post wax bumps for purchase in the spa but i had some at home so i didn't bother to ask. If its your first time getting a wax i would ask them if they have any Tend skin solution.... its great. I will def be going be going back here...i hear their facials are amaze!
5	Best wax I have ever had.
5	Have been going for waxes and pedis for over a year now...this place has class, culture, is competitively priced and adorable inside! Well done Judit! :)
5	Such. A. Treat.I decided to treat myself to a post-move massage and pedicure. Then I decided to write a review as soon as I came back home, because the good people of Pittsburgh MUST know about Judit.Swedish Massage- was done by Janine, who is very sweet. And BOY those hands- she was a massage therapist back home, and it shows. My back hurt in the best of ways as she kneaded and squeezed all the kinks and aches out of it. I'm in no way a spa veteran, and everything was designed to make me feel very comfortable. Also, no corny music, no strong scents. Very understated and effective.The Pedicure- done by Judit herself. She's very unassuming and friendly, and did all kinds of magic things to my feet while I feasted on the sweetest strawberries of the season. The hot wrap for the feet was a treat. As was watching the giggling couple who walked in for a couples' massage toast each other with their champagne-and-orange-juice!I feel human again, and would go back to Judit in a heartbeat.Other info:- I found a parking spot right in front of the spa, but apparently there is a lot in the back if you go at a busier time.- They take credit cards, but prefer cash tips.
4	Finally I found a good place to get waxed!!! Judit was fantastic! I told her exactly what I wanted and she listened!! I also thought the pricing was very fair.Beware! The receptionist is SOO rude. For example I called and asked if Judit had anything available for Monday afternoon, thinking she would give me some options instead she sighed and said well what time and I said umm I don't like 11:00. She then laughed obnoxiously in my face for an uncomfortably long time because she thought it was the funniest thing in the world that I said I wanted afternoon but then changed my time to 11am GOD FORBID. So unprofessional.  But besides the receptionist, I really like this place.
5	I go to Judit European Visage often.  It's the BEST place I've ever been for a pedicure.  The pedi lasts so much longer than any other I've had.  My mom gets a paraffin manicure and says she's never had a better one.  There's usually plenty of parking on Carson St in front of the shop, or there's a city lot around the corner.  Judit, Elizabet and Tu are all amazing.  Everyone is so friendly.Make an appointment today, you won't be disappointed!PS: Bring a cash tip.
5	Ok, I just had to check this place out after reading all the raving reviews on this place.  I'm just going to say that these reviews are for real as is the quality and professionalism of this salon.  I was extremely pleased.The atmosphere is inviting and simple.  I went here to get my legs waxed (I needed a break from the razor) and was very happy with the efficiency and results.  Judit is so friendly and makes you feel comfortable in an otherwise uncomfortable situation - I mean who enjoys getting their hairs yanked out.  She's quick and effective - she knows what she's doing.  After my experience with waxing, I'm looking forward to coming back for their other services.  They say "Walk-ins Welcome" but I had made an appointment the day before.
5	Spurred by the excellent reviews here, I decided to try this place out. I scheduled the dreaded bikini wax and the person who booked me was friendly and professional. The decor is tasteful and inviting with comfy furniture and soothing music. I have a low pain tolerance so I took painkillers ahead of time, but I can honestly say this was the easiest, most efficient waxing I've ever had. I came fifteen minutes early and the lady was able to take me immediately. I was finished before my actual appointment time. Seriously. Plus, she was able to take my mind off the experience by being super-friendly, and keeping up a pleasant conversation in a situation that could easily be awkward. I wish I had gotten her name, but if her professionalism is reflected in the rest of the employees, I'm sure they're all fabulous.I'll definitely be going here again.
5	Judit's is the only place I will go for a clean wax. She is professional, efficient and friendly. The spa itself is beautiful, in a great location with plenty of parking and the prices are reasonable. Of course I'll be back because this is the only place I will go!
5	For Vday last year, I bought a couples massage for my boyfriend and I. Judit was reasonably priced for the massage, but still classy. The ambiance was perfect for a massage. The interior is gorgeous and definitely "european" looking. Thanks to them and their technique, my boyfriend LOVES massages now (yay for me!). We didn't even know that they would give us champagne afterwards, so that was a delightful surprise :)
4	I need to start by saying that I am NOT the type of person that gets a manicure or even goes to a spa. The reason I went today is that I needed a pro to fix my cuticles before my wedding. That being said, I enjoyed my time here. I went for a regular manicure. Overall, I enjoyed the process and was relaxed, but a few things would keep me from returning soon:  1) My tech was funny and easy to talk to, but I was a bit skeeved by the fact that she blew big bubbles with her gum while clipping my cuticles. 2) They had a limited choice of polish colors. I usually paint mine something crazy (neon pink, black, obnoxious glitter) and the various shades of red and pink weren't to my liking. The meadow green I picked was the loudest color there and while it's cute, I'd like something weirder. All in all, I'll definitely go back in the winter when my skin and nails are particularly awful.
5	Have been back several times, still fabulous. I love this place and it's the only place I'll go to get my bikini line tidied. Make sure to bring cash for your tip!
4	A little gem on Carson!
5	I went the day before my wedding.  Massage, facial, manicure, pedicure and champagne to boot.  Everything was really nice and relaxing.
3	After hearing all the rage about Judit's, I am sad to only give it a 3 star rating. I went with a group of friends as we wanted to do a spa day and I was super excited to treat myself with an hour massage. We were warmly greeted by Judit's family even though she was not there. They pulled out all these snacks (crackers and cheese and fruit) and beverages (water and champagne). This was wonderful. However everyone but me started their treatments at the same time while I waited over an hour by myself though to credit the staff, they kept offering me food and drinks. As for my service, it unfortunately turned out to be more a lotion rub down than a massage and the massage therapist left midway through to tend to something. It was the first time where I've left a massage feeling not relaxed. And lastly like the other reviewers, make sure you bring cash, otherwise you need to go across the street to a sketchy looking cash, atm place.
4	Who doesn't like being pampered? Who doesn't like champagne put in your hand the moment you walk in the door? Or a cheese tray that appears seconds after you've sat down. I'm in already!I went here for a ladies day and it was exactly what I needed! Relaxation... and champagne! I choose the package deal of 60 minute Royal Touch message and min facial. Since there was two of us getting a message and facial, they put both of us in the same room. If you're getting a treatment with your significant other, no biggie. When there's no locker room and you have to strip down, make sure you're with a close friend:) So there were two ladies that set us up. One lady did a facial on my friend, while I got the message. The message was really relaxing. I've had them were they were WAY to hard on me and I've had them were they barely message a muscle. This was a nice balance. I could get a message for hours, so the 60 minutes went by very quickly. The facial was really nice. They basically put a bunch of different nice smelling creams on your face and wash them off. The only thing I wish they did was tell you what creams they were putting on. I've had facials before where they tell you what they're doing. Some people may not want that, and want to relax, but I was curious as to their process. It may have also been because my friend was getting the message next to me too. It it was just me, I probably would have talked through the facial. To be honest, I may go back for a facial at some point and make it longer. The message was good, but it wasn't the best message I've had.Important note: Bring cash for a tip! If you only have a card, you have to tell them before they charge you what you want as the tip. They encourage you to just bring cash though.
5	I was leaving for a trip to South America a few weeks before Christmas (2012) and needed a Brazilian. I also purchased a spa pedicure. I did tons of research on Yelp which let me to Judit's (Yoo-deet's) spa. I arrived about 15 minutes early and was greeted by Judit's mother, Elizabeth, who took my coat and offered me something to drink. We chatted for a bit since Judit was still finishing up with her first client of the day. Once Judit was done, she came to get me and led me down a small corridor to a private waxing room.Judit and I talked most of the time, which really helped make me feel comfortable and also distract me from the pain. She did a very thorough job and was professional the entire time. Once finished she gave me a cloth with some oil to use to clean up.The pedicure was performed immediately following my Brazilian. But before starting, Elizabeth asked me where I was parked. I explained where I had left my car and she asked if I was aware they were now charging for parking there. I told her I was not aware and she asked where I left the car. I explained where it was parked and she went to the register and took out several coins and asked if she could use my jacket quickly (it was freezing out!) to run out to put coins in the meter. I couldn't believe how thoughtful she had been in thinking to ask where I was parked and then to actually go out, look for my car, and put money in before I got a ticket. Talk about customer service. Once back, Judit's mother prepped my feel and did the first part of the pedicure (foot soak/bath, exfoliation, etc) before Judit came to do the paraffin bootie treatment, nail shaping, and polish. Judit took plenty of time on the pedicure, making sure everything was perfectly shaped. It was a very good pedicure, much better than the last one I had had done at a place called Salon Beleza in Mount Lebanon (a Groupon purchase). As we worked through the pedicure, more and more customers started showing up. Elizabeth and Judit told me most people come to her specifically for Brazilian waxes and pedicures. They also do facials among other services, but those seem to be the most requested. Clearly, Judit knows how to do a good bikini wax because she mentioned she had 20 more bikini wax appointments just that day!Overall, it was a very good experience. Judit worked quickly and efficiently with my wax and left me feeling comfortable  as a first-timer.  The pedicure was beautifully done and Elizabeth went above and beyond by putting change in my meter. I would definitely go back again and recommend her to any of my friends.
5	Very professional place! They give the best pedi's and facials. I also had a spa party here for about 13 peoeple and everythng went smoothly. This is deff my number one spot in PGH.
5	This spa is hard to recognize on the busy Carson Street in the SouthSide, but once you open the door it is very classy! I have gone here a couple times for Brazilian waxing - which is great.My husband and I went there the day after our wedding for a couple's massage, facial, and pedicure. We had a great time and we both felt so relaxed that we dozed off during our massages.We will be returning soon!
5	This is the BEST kept secret in Pittsburgh!I suggest every woman go to feel like a queen for the day!The staff is professional and friendly!The interior is quiet and relaxing, not like those"chain" places! I guarantee you will LOVE the experience!
5	Beautiful interior,relaxing atmosphere,professional staff.i got waxed from head to toe. Least painful experience ever. I live in Baltimore and would be willing to come to Pittsburgh every 5 weeks just to enjoy this wonderful spa.
5	When I'm in Pittsburgh, I won't go ANYWHERE ELSE for my brow waxes.  Judit knows what she's doing, and I trust her implicitly.
5	I had a great experience here! I got the European holiday and it was everything I needed to be! Feeling relaxed and rejuvenated...and had the best facial I have ever had. Kristy was great
5	I moved to Pgh with nowhere to go for manis/pedis/eyebrows and I was worried. I checked out Judit's right after work during a weekday and I was the only one getting a pedicure. It's a sweet little place, the mom was incredibly welcoming and offered me champagne, chocolate, and some homemade treats - which were so freaking delicious! Judit did an amazing job on my toes and I felt really pampered and relaxed. I was kind of worried that my eyebrows would be messed up but they're better than ever! I'm hooked and I highly recommend them!
5	Judit was incredible. My friends and I recently went to her to have Brazilians done and I can easily say this was the best place I have ever gone. Granted it is not the most pleasant experience to begin with but the spa itself is beautiful and I felt really comfortable. The prices were good and Judit herself was great. I will definitely be going back.
4	So on my quest to enjoy a spa-filled weekend, I stumbled across Judit when looking up best facial on yelp.  I called and was able to get an apt for a facial and pedicure within an hour - awesome!My facial was AMAZING!  Typically, I am a monthly massage girl and maybe twice a year or so will get a facial.  However, I may change for Judit's as the creams used were moisturizing and my skin has never looked so incredible afterwards.  They even give you a head and neck substantial massage as well as wrap your hands in paraffin with heating mitts.  The pedicure was another story.  Judits has a very limited selection.  I wanted a fun, summery green color and there were seriously only 2 shades of green available period.  I got the spa pedicure and had the paraffin wrap for my feet which felt great.  On a sad note, my color chipped within 24 hours which is awful quality by any standards.  Will never get a pedicure from here again.However, I was enticed by the reviews regarding the superb waxing here so I returned the very next day for a hot stone massage and Brazilian wax.The hot stone massage was okay.  The stones are nice and hot and are used not just placed on the body during the massage.  The masseuse was very young so probably hasn't refined her technique quite yet.  On the plus side they accommodated all of my requests as I pretty much know what I like by now.  Judit said her mom was the best with hot stones so perhaps I will return to try her out before giving up on this place for massage.The Brazilian wax was perfect by Judit.  She is fast, clean, and painless.  Could not ask for more.  Will absolutely be making this may monthly place.  Used to love Miss T but calculating her monthly rate [$55 if every month or $65 if you are outside of the month] vs Judit's standard monthly rate of $60 is a much better value as I truly do not have enough growth to go every 4 weeks anyway.Facial = 5 starsPedicure = 0 starsHot stone massage = 3.5 starsBrazilian wax = 5 stars
2	I could've done a better French manicure than I got. It has only been one day and two of my nails have already chipped as well. The polish selection is extremely limited so I went with a French but was not satisfied with the outcome.
5	I've been going here for years and thought I'd write an update.  I still go with my mom, every time she visits from out of town.  It's our special mother/daughter date.  Now I also bring my daughter, so we have our own special mother/daughter date.   In addition to my usual spa pedicure, I've started getting a spa french manicure.  Judit does the best, neatest french manicure I've ever had!  Nice thin even tips... I LOVE it!!  My daughter got a sparkly blue polish on her fingers and toes... and I got a deep rich blue on my toes.  So pretty & fun!!  And it always lasts a long time!   This remains my favorite spa and I highly recommend it to everyone!
5	Boyfriend and I went for a couples massage today and couldn't be more satisfied. Professional, relaxing, and clean environment. The staff was extremely helpful and really made us feel special. Can't wait to go back for our next massage!
5	I just visited Judit's this past weekend for a birthday massage that my husband gifted me. It was the first time I have visited. I have been to a couple other places in the city and I will say this is definitely the best massage yet. They were very welcoming and polite when I walked in, offering me a drink right away. I am pregnant so they were able to still give me a great experience even though it wasn't a traditional massage.
