5	The Glass Shop is super fast and great price.  They actually will do 24 hour repairs.  We have a crack in our garage door window and the glass shop is the best service and always on time.
5	The Glass Shop Is Great! I had a broken window i called that night and they came that night to fix it! It was as quick and easy as it gets! It could not of gone any smoother! There was no problems whatsoever! On top of that my window looks great! Much better then it did before! I am 100% Happy! Any time i have any kind of Window or Auto Glass problems i will be calling the The Glass Shop!
4	I am trying to replace a triangle piece of glass in my front window. After using Yelp and finding a few companies, I decided to call The Glass Shop. Pam was very helpful in taking care of me right over the phone. Because the glass piece I need is so small and easy to install, I decided to just have The Glass Shop cut the piece I need and not install it. I drove out to their location in Mesa and was taken care of right away! I got the exact piece of glass I asked for, with the correct measurements! Really appreciate the great customer service the company showed me and appreciated them not just brushing me off because I was having a piece of glass cut instead of installed!I unfortunately measured the window wrong, so I will be paying them another visit today! Pam was very helpful in getting me taken care of ASAP! Thanks for being so helpful and thoughtful when it came to the piece of glass, the correct caulking I needed and the free glass cleaner! No other company could beat your price on getting the glass cut, nor I would say could beat you in customer service! Thanks again for all the help!
5	These people are awesome!!  I own an Auto Glass company and needed a shop to get flat glass done on occasion as well as a good timely shop to refer big jobs to. I couldn't imagine people that need flat (residential, commercial) glass go anywhere but here!  I will recommend these guys to anyone I here mention that they need what they have to offer!  Again, Awesome!!
