5	I never wanted to get a security system but after my divorce my son suggested it because I was alone.  I was impressed with the technician that taught me, he was very patient and helpful.  The system is very easy to use and I have peace of mind having it in my home...I love the thermostat and door lock that I can operate through my phone.  I use the application way more than I ever thought I would.
5	My Rep Tony was very helpful and helped us set up a great system for our new home. The customer service has been very helpful with any questions that we have had. Great company and quality local service. Highly recommended ;)
1	I am writing this review on behalf of my 93 year old grandfather. He lives in Salinas CA, and was approached by a sales rep for Secure Home. The rep's name was Brandon Thyfault. According to my grandfather, the rep stated that this was simply an upgrade to the current Vivint system that was already installed. Needless to say, my 93 year old grandfather, bit. Now, not only does he have a contract remaining with Vivint, but also with Secure Home. 14 more months of paying Vivint $50 a month to complete the contract. I tried to call Brandon directly as his cell number is on the card that was left behind, but, is is disconnected. When I tried to call Secure Home, it went to voicemail. All I can say is that if these sales reps are trained to hard sale these seniors, shame on them. Brandon, if you are reading this, one day my friend, one day...Rob J
1	Rude and unprofessional!Just heard from my mother that a "salesperson" from this company called her to sell a security system, which she kindly declined.  Not only did he chastise her for living in "Mayberry" he made fun of her Southern accent.  I think she explained that they have a rifle for their security system.  It really bugs me when people cannot accept that a consumer isn't interested and instead of being professional and kind, they are rude and angry.  Countless times I've earned business not on my first try, but because of how I handled rejection...with poise and kindness.  Sounds like the salesperson with Secure Home could use a lesson.
