1	we go to meet my friend at this 2 month old hotel and the first thing anyone could notice is how bad is smells in the lobby. like almost gagworthy bad. we roll up to their room and nobody has serviced their room. they call down to get someone clean their room so we leave. about an hour later we go back and their room hasnt been touched. knowing what we did from being here for a few hours we decide to go ahead and get a room for the night instead of drive all the way back home. january first and its a friday night.. oh yeah, were stayin.we check into room #1312 and find the room filthy. condensation rings on all the possible places a drink could be set, no glasses neatly placed next to a dirty ice bucket. toilet paper isnt folded neatly, no towels, a very weird odor, and to top it off. there were no sheets on the beds nor were there pillows. there were dirty sheets in the room but good thing they werent on the bed itself. i very assertively call down to the front desk and speak to ryan or brian and tell him of our situation. he apologized for the inconvenience and says hell find a clean room and send up a set of keycards. we decide we dont want to wait in a dirty room and leave to get food. we get burgers from Californias best burger joint and go back to what we would assume to be a clean room. as im waiting for my new keycards at the desk i cant help but hear the guy in front of me tell me his rooms hasnt been services either. whatever i thought so my wifey n i eat in the lobby. i go back to the desk and ask about the room and after speaking into a walkie talkie they verify the room has been serviced and we go up. THE ROOM IS STILL FILTHY!!!we call down and they say theyll send someone right up. for all this we get the evening comped. within about 5 minutes, three very anxious housekeeping employees come in and tidy the room up, apologizing for any of our inconveniences. finally my girl can lay down in a bed. we didnt get to enjoy our lunch/dinner in our room but at least we now had clean sheets and towels. the top floor has a gym as well as a pool. keep your keycards away from your celly or else youll be cruisin to the front desk way too many times.
5	Brand new hotel. Very nice lobby and great rooms that are ultra modern. About 2-3 miles from the strip, but a tram runs from the Hilton right across the street. We found it more convenient to drive, park at the Wynn, and then hang out at the strip all day. Great place!
3	After working out all the rough edges, id recommend this place to anyone trying not to stay too close to the strip. they finally stocked up the bar and hired Lena, who is an amazing woman from Colombia. She was ultra nice and bullshitted with us from checkin to closing; which is 11. the kitchen had a decent menu too. we told the chef how to make carne asada chips and fries and she did it up real nice.the rooms were very clean too, being all suites of course. the rooftop pool is heated which isnt a great idea being vegas is already hot. the fire pit was blasting too which makes for a nice evening in instead of hittin up the clubs. free breakfast with your standard fair. eggs, a very tasty turkey pattie, fresh waffle batter. large dining area. free parking. had tons of fun and the workers were very nice and helpful with directions and making sure we had cabs ready
5	I love supporting Marriott brand hotels and was completely blown away. I have stayed at my fair share of SpringHill Suites and when I walked into this Vegas location I could not believe I was in a SHS. It really felt and looked like a full service Renaissance brand hotel. Ultra modern, comfy and colorful lobby with HUGE seating areas. The light greens and blue colors that were throughout the hotel were soothing and I now think all hotels should go this route for the color scheme. The old school red, mustard yellow, forest green and navy blue are out of date.On to the guest rooms....WowZers these were a whole 'nother awesome! I almost did not know where to look first. Straight ahead was a mini counter area with all your kitchen needs (sink, microwave, fridge). To my right was a seating area with a chaise lounge couch and a covered desk work station. Against the main wall was a flat screen TV and two separate bathrooms with sliding doors (totally impressed with these). One bathroom was sink and toilet and the other was a sink and stand in shower with the coolest tile. 2 queen size beds occupied the other wall and these beds....man were these beds COMFY! You all know I can not sleep for squat in Marriott beds (except a few) and these were THE BEST I have slept in yet.Parking is in a structure and is free. Business center in lobby area with access to 4 computers. Complimentary breakfast in the mornings. Room service is available and there is a bar in the lobby. Free WiFi in guest rooms and there is also a heated rooftop pool and gym. I'm totally sold on this location and hope to stay here again on my next visit to Vegas.
5	The best hotel yet in the Marriott chain (I have stayed in a lot).  Also, one of the best places to stay in Vegas.  You are off the strip, but not by much.  The Riviera is in the back, Hilton across the street, and the Sahara nearby.  It is very clean and well kept.  The rooms were nice, and the beds, wow, best bed ever.  So comfy, I wanted to take it home.  I am so glad, through a series of misadventures, I had the privilege to stay here.  I can't wait to stay here again, or any other Spring Hill suites.  I love the Marriott chain.  I have never been disappointed in their hotels.  One of the best things about this place was the location.  We walked right over to the Hilton, paid for a day Monorail pass, and were able to peruse and drink on the strip, without worrying about a car or a cab (day passes are $12, and the Monorail goes from the Sahara to the MGM).  Thank you for making my Vegas trip a great one =).
4	3.5  ish really The "suite" is a little deceiving.  But props for inventive use of space (the bathroom is pretty smallish.  TV is awkwardly placed between the sleeping area and the "living room".  "Living room" is separated from bedroom by desk wall).  This is ideal for convention goers to either the hilton convention center or the las vegas convention center.Nice pool on the top floor with city view.  A-OK stay here - we got a room rate of $99
4	I stayed in the 2-queen "suite" which is not really a suite but is  simply more like a really large hotel room separated by a partial desk wall.  Everything was new and very clean.  The bathroom is divided into two separate "rooms" with the shower behind one sliding door and the toilet behind another sliding door.  The living "room" comes with a desk and sofa sleeper, microwave, and fridge.There is a gym and pool on the top floor (nice view), and they have a standard breakfast buffet in the mornings (eggs, muffins, bagels, sausage, waffle maker, oatmeal, cereals, yogurt, juice, coffee, etc).Parking is of course free, and since there is no casino here you don't have to walk miles and miles through slot machines and cigarette smoke to get to your car.It's a nice place to go to if you either have an event the convention center or if you want a more low-key and chill place to stay not too far from the strip.
4	If you need to save money and don't mind taxi-ing to the strip, stay in a 2 queen suite. Can sleep 6 comfortably because of a pull out couch. Shower and toilet are separated so its even more ideal for splitting with 6 people. Hint: Just say there will be 4 people in the room cause you'll have to upgrade to a larger room. Complimentary breakfast in AM. It's a new hotel with a nice room, rooftop pool and gym.
5	After reading all the reviews I now know why I liked this place so much. Because it's new!!! The rooms were spacious and clean. The bed was oooohhh soooo comfy! I seriously passed out and didn't toss and turn like I have in the past while sleeping on hotel beds.Service clerks were friendly and attentive. Everyone was helpful and friendly. Love the decor of the room....oh yeah and great shower! The complimentary breakfast is a nice touch. Too bad it closes rather early and the food is all bland..and I mean all of it was bland. The bagels were dry, the sausage tasted like cardboard...etc, etc. BUT it was still great to get free breakfast.Oh and I did not miss stopping to do some gambling on my way to my room!
3	If I were to custom build my own little studio suite, I'd call their designer. Room: 5 stars. Service: hit or missI really wasn't expecting much from a SHS, thought it would be closer to Fairfield Inns (which aren't bad!), but I was totally surprised when I walked into my 22nd floor room and it was so cute and modern with refreshing white blues and green hues.My king suite had separate shower/vanity room and restroom. No tub. I like the idea of placing the TV in between the bedroom and sitting/living room so we can enjoy the TV on the bed or sitting on the sofa, but who am I kidding? You can't beat the Marriott Mattress.We were able to see the buildings from the strip at the windows as well. We also had a microwave and fridge in the room which you can utilize with the food items sold in the Market from the lobby, or the AM PM across the street.During the countdown, we went up to the Sun Deck, where the rooftop pool and bar were located and watched as the fireworks crackled above the strip.Didn't try the restaurant there because they closed the kitchen even though they were still technically open for another 15 minutes. I used to work in the restaurant business and still work in the hospitality business. Even if a customer walks in 5 minutes till close, they still are entitled to service, even if just from a limited selection.The front desk was mostly helpful and friendly. Too bad, we didn't get up in time for the free breakfast.However, during the morning of check out, I was adamantly denied a half hour late check out by an older lady that answered my call at around 11AM 1/1/11 "Lynn"? because "We have a lot of people coming in, and we're too busy to give you a late checkout." I just have to say, even if you're sold out, you should always at least be able to give me 30 minutes. I know for a fact you do not have a housekeeper waiting outside my door at 12pm exactly for me to leave the room. Working in the hospitality field, I know a housekeeper generally has 8-12 rooms in a shift, and I KNOW they cannot clean all of those at the same time. I understand trying to be efficient in a business, but not being flexible or reasonable with your guests or customers will drive business away, especially if we've been stuck in Las Vegas New Years Eve traffic for almost an hour trying to get to the hotel late the night before. Also, I checked right after hanging up and the hotel DID have the associate room rate available, which means the hotel was NOT selling out, and you still have other rooms you can give your other guests.Some people just should not be in the service field.Overall, the property is beautiful, and with the right attitude, this could be a great addition to the area.
4	Loved the color scheme of this room, no floral dark brownish or red pattern bed covers.  The television in the room was plasma, compared to other hotels that are in the strip and call themselves very luxurious and still have tube televisions.  The pool was closed that day, but it's pretty small, but the view is great.  The hotel has a laundry room and a small gym which is pretty neat.  I'm kinda questioning the cleanliness of the shower because for some reason me and my husband caught ringworm ewww, so be warned.  The staff was friendly and it was very comfortable being there, the beds are wonderful and the carpet was clean.  They need to work of a few details like the bathroom door it didn't lock at all so there was no privacy with other people in the room.  Five people can sleep in the two queen bed suite since it has a couch. The room had a micro-kitchen with a very small fridge and microwave.
5	I am a Marriott regular and can tell you that this location is simply heads and shoulders above most Marriott locations anywhere!  The rooms are clean, modern and nicely decorated. The real bonus here is that the front staff are friendly, jovial, and helpful!  I really liked the people that work there and they were very nice to me.Parking is convenient.  The Las Vegas tram can be caught right across the street at the Las Vegas Hilton.  Breakfast was a little on the lacking side but not bad.  They could have used a few breakfast meats other than the turkey sausage, but hey, I would still take this place over any other hotel in the area.
5	If I ever decide to stay off the strip again, I would pick this place, without a doubt. It is a new hotel, so everything is new! Our suite had a little couch/desk area. Everything is very new and I was definitely living comfortably. We went to swim in the pool everyday too, although it was still quite cold when we were in Las Vegas. But the maintenance guy came by and saw us swimming, and helped us turn up the heater for the pool. Perfect! There is also a pretty nice/decent gym. The breakfast (included with hotel stay) is your average continental breakfast. Don't expect much, but I was satisfied.
5	Off the strip, this is the best value hands down.  The rooms are spacious and the location is across the street from the Hilton's monorail stop. Swimming pool and free breakfast are included and if you need a casino walk across the street.
5	Super hotel and great location just off the strip and across the street from the Hilton. Brand new and super clean and great staff. The rates are the best and the breakfas was the best. Turkey sausage and waffles and scrambled eggs and plenty of juices. If I ever go back to this town we will stay at this facility.
4	Need a hotel in Vegas that is off the Strip AND clean/comforable? This is it. Staff at the front desk (especially Rena and Marissa) were great. Remembered my name the whole time, happily gave us a late check-out, and gave us access to the garage and 24th floor facilities after we checked out. Really helped us out because we had our baby with us.The complimentary breakfast was pretty standard fare of eggs, make-your-own waffles, muffins, bagels, meat patties, yogurt, oatmeal, etc. But, it definitely makes staying here a good value (without having to gamble to get comped). The spacious rooms had plenty of room for our larger stroller and a pack & play with room to spare. Interesting how the toilet with its own little sink was separated from the shower and main sink. King bed was quite comfortable. Room also had a microwave and mini fridge, though I thought they eere going to have a full kitchen. The A/C was in the room under the window and quite loud when it was on. Still it was plenty cool. There was also ethernet connection in the room, as well as wireless throughout the hotel.All in all, I would definitely recommend staying at this hotel, especially if you have a car, have a group of people sharing a room, looking for something off the Strip, and/or you need something within walking distance to the Convention Center.
5	Great hotel for being off the Strip. Newly designed rooms are really cool and have a unique design and shape. The parking is easy [for Vegas standards] and the free breakfast is pretty good for being..... well.... free. The decor is what really stands out throughout the hotel.... It's fresh, fun and modern without being too stuck up. Great rates all year round too.
5	Thanks, fellow Yelpers! Your good advice got me here; this place will bring me back. The room is small, but what a jewel, with a sitting room, super-comfortable bed, and a great view of the city. I loved the separate shower room and toilet room. Even the decor touches were uber modern, including the bulb-y three foot vase. I haven't seen anything this modern outside of Norway and Denmark.The pool is on the roof, a great place to hang out. Breakfast was very nice, more than continental. I can't believe this room, this location, and free breakfast AT THIS PRICE!!Note: While this is a block off the Strip, behind the Riviera, there is a monorail stop right across the street.
4	We came here for New Year's and did not want to pay the ridiculous prices that hotels charge on the strip. We were very pleasantly surprised. The hotel is clean and the rooms are very nice. Not huge rooms, but more than adequate and with a desk and free internet there is a very useful work space. The room rates include a free breakfast, wi fi and in-room internet, and safety deposit boxes if you need one.  The front staff were friendly and helpful. I really liked the fact that the room had 1.5 bathrooms which is very convenient. The king bed was soft and very comfy.Overall it's a great value and away from the throngs of people on the strip. We liked it a lot and would return. Plus, a few blocks away in either direction are lots of ethnic restaurants where the food is not overpriced and delicious.
4	Contemporary hotel with easy strip access.   I love Marriott properties (very brand loyal), and this is a great property!
3	My husband and I stayed here for my birthday weekend two weeks ago. Our stay here was pretty decent. The beds were extremely comfortable I will say thats the best part we loved about our room. The rooms were a bit small, well not exactly what I expected a suite to look like. But really no complaints here we enjoyed it. The separation between the shower and toliet was kinda cool. The flat screen tv was nice too. Overall I give this place three stars. The breakfast was not too bad, I had actually read reviews about the breakfast being the best. But in my personal opinion it was just "ok"  Truth be told I would come back and visit if it were my only resort. Which isnt all bad... My stay was comfortable and pleasant. smiles
2	PROS: Clean hotel and lobby, great customer service/staff, very personable and nice. Free breakfast buffet, wifi, gym, poolbeds were really comfortable and its all non smokingyou can feel it was really clean, unlike other older properties on the strip where your scared of whats on the bed. CONS:Far from the strip, and the places where its happening, you really have to drive and park in another central casinotheres nothing nearby so you cant walk down and go out or get something, besides the convention center and LVH. im not sure why you would walk to or go to the Riv.i feel like since it was new and trying to be modern, it had alot of cheap/ikea like ambiance and decorations, nothing glitzy or fancy. Would i personally stay here again? nope, id want to be on the strip, and be able to go down and do what i want and if i ever wanna go back to my room i have the freedom too. and also get that whole Vegas vibe.
5	My husband and I stayed here for several days and we are very glad we did :) The staff was professional, friendly, helpful and it appears that management staff is good also. They have a complimentary breakfast that I think is most excellent.  Their cleaning staff must be excellent because I am super picky and they met my expectations. By the way, ask the staff about public transportation because the bus stop is down one block and it will take all over Las Vegas.
5	This hotel was very nice. The staff was excellent, the room was clean and spacious...with a modern look. It has a living area with TV and a separate bed area with TV. The beds were comfy and the bathrooms were very modern.
5	My son and I stayed here 08/25/12 for one night while passing through town to take him to college in California. I'm giving them 5 stars because yes this is as good as it gets at a Springhill Suites. Front Desk staff was by far the best I've experienced at any Marriott property in the past few years. Really helpful, professional and just seemed like they wanted to make sure my stay was perfect. The hotel itself offers many more amenities than a normal Springhill Suites. Very cool property and I believe it is only 3 years old. The room was clean, quiet and very comfortable. I parked in the free parking garage on the property and it was easy and I felt like our car was safe. I really like how it is off the strip. It's quiet, non smoking and if you want to get over to the strip you can walk over to the monorail. I will definitely stay here again next time I'm passing through Las Vegas.
4	Great value. Very comfortable beds and excellent breakfast   . Just wish they had umbrellas and pool service. We will stay here again.
4	If you are looking for a place to stay in Las Vegas and you have a car, this would be fantastic. It's a new-looking, quiet, modern Marriott with great amenities. The gym is better-appointed than most Springhill Suites gyms. There was a pool on the roof, although I didn't go in it. The breakfast was passable (weird eggs), and free, which is always a plus. There's a happy hour with free drinks and potato skins. I got fantastic sleep, because the beds are crazy comfortable. Now, here's why this place isn't getting 5 stars from me. I was in charge of a conference that we had at the Springhill Suites. From what everyone else says here, we were overcharged for the hotel rooms and then overcharged again for the tip on meeting rooms and banquet (22 percent rather than 18 percent). MOST of the staff are friendly, but there was one guy at the desk who had a very bad attitude. And the only reason that the conference went off without a hitch is that I double-checked things every day before every panel. Their banquet manager was MIA for the entire second day of the conference and nobody seemed to be in charge; on the first day of the conference, things weren't set up in the morning as they should have been.
4	A Marriott Faithful...first time at a SpringHill Suites and pleasantly surprised. I'm in Hotels majority of my life due to my career and will definitely consider this chain as one of my top 5 choices.Its clean, comfortable, genuine, spacious, modern and plenty of room.I like the security of swiping your room key for the elevator and parking. Its off the main strip...so if your trippin about not being near the Strip or near the major night life, then obviously you haven't done your research.Would definitely stay here again, if not in the mood for strip or downtown hotels.Front Desk Staff very friendly, professional, genuine and informative. Great Job!!
4	Air conditioneer was a little loud. Otherwise you can't beat this place.  Free happy hour. Free buffet breakfast. Free shuttle to the Strip. A hidden gem.
5	Great hotel.  Very modern. Room is designed so you can do some work if you need to.  Breakfast was great, not overly healthy.
4	Overall good. Rooms are nice ( AC or temp control doesn't work well) breakfast is well done. Cool shower water at 4:30 am but close to convention center. Had dinner in bar 2 nights and thought food was very good. I would stay here again
1	I would honestly give this property zero stars if I could. I held a meeting here in October and had my projector and many other items stolen out of my meeting space. The door was locked when I left and I had to be let in the room the next day. I lost over $1300 of merchandise and Marriott only wants to reimburse me $600. I was a Marriott platinum member but will now switch to Hilton. I REFUSE to give money to a company that steals from you and then refuses to take responsibility. The "new management" is just as horrible as the last one. I would stay ANYWHERE but this hotel....
2	After doing lots of research on where to stay when we saw Shania, the wife and I decided to stay here..  One of the things that really attarcted us to this hotel was the free shuttle to the strip, since it is a good walk, and if it's hot out or late, I would not walk to the strip from here..So, our first day, we get onto the shuttle, fantastic, the driver was great, everyone at the front desk, very nice.  But at the end of the day, we were told the last shuttle picks you up at 10pm at the Fashion Mall, okay, so we call at 9:40 to verify, yes, it will be there at 10pm.  So we get to the spot, and wait, and wait longer, then call at 10:30pm to see what's going on.  Well, it was there they say, we say no, we are here and have been waiting, turns out, it never showed.  Not a huge deal, but walking in dress shoes, and it turns out, the neighborhood is not so nice after dark.My wife reminded me we only paid $108 a night, so I'll give that two stars for that.  The room was nice, but if you stay in room #1423, make sure it's not a windy night, the winds were howling and whistling through the window, I had to prop it open with a towel so we could sleep.And come on, the breakfast buffet is included but can we get some healthy options?  Apples one day, then the next day bananas.  Would have loved some healthier options.  And the line for the waffle maker was very long, invest in a 3rd one Marriott!We'll definitely be staying somewhere else on our next trip..
4	Attended on of Yvette's fabulous Cosmopolitan Connection business network mixer events. There are always great sponsors like Ocean the Hawaiian Organic Sugar Cane based Vodka...so cool. The hotel has a cool rooftop pool feature and good view of the strip. The also have an awesome outside stone fire pit for managing those cool desert night.The Spring hill is well managed and the common areas were very clean. I have stayed in Spring Hills in my former career when I spent 170 days a year on the road staying in hotel's weeks at a time. Spring Hill North Shore Pittsburgh has been the only one I have liked until I had a chance to see this Spring Hill. I don't know what the rooms are like but if they are anything like the common areas they are clean and well managed.
4	Located in back of the Riviera on Paradise. Is there a huge casino? No. Is there the latest and greatest nightclub? Nope. Has the hippest celebrity chef opened up his/her newest joint here? Not a chance. So why do I like this place, you may be asking yourself. First, I would say, stop asking yourself questions, it is a terrible habit and can lead to insanity. Second I like this place for several reasons. A great staff a clean and bright lobby, and it is all around a great place to have an event. Live it up, you are in Las Vegas for cryin' out loud!
5	Loved-this-placeIt was peaceful from the minute we walked in until the minute we left.  The decor is really nice right down to the color scheme.  I loved the layout of the rooms - and the rooftop pool was really fun.  It was *super windy* the day we were there so we just hung out in some lounge chairs and took in the views.  I never heard another door, guest, bump, conversation, etc the whole time I was there - it was really quiet which I value in Vegas.  I don't like the casino hotels to stay in. We walked to dinner which was nice.  The breakfast buffet was just what we needed prior to hitting the road to our final destination - which was San Diego.  I will DEFINITELY stay in this hotel when I come back to Las Vegas.
1	I travel a lot for work and was shocked at the smell of this place when I walked in.  It smelled like a dead fish.  I got up to my room and it smelled even worse.  I was disappointed to see the breakfast area closes 9AM.  This is Vegas people!  I wanted to grab a bottle of water when I woke up in the middle of the night so I called the front desk to see where the vending machines were and she said there is one on every floor.  My floors vending machine was missing so I went to the florr below me and it was also missing.  Tried another floor and it was also missing.  I told the lady at the front desk when I came all the way down there and she offered no apology.  Customer service is not great at this hotel.
4	This hotel was very nice.  Keep in mind there is no casino and it is very family friendly, so expect to see a lot of kids.  There is also a no smoking policy on the entire property. The Strip is on the next street over, so it is close enough for the Las Vegas hustle and bustle experience, but I personally would drive or take the shuttle.  Unless there is a mega-convention going on, parking was no problem, as they have a room key only access parking structure.  They also have a gravel parking lot next to the building if you have an over sized vehicle or towing something.The rooms have bright colors and have that IKEA look.  With a microwave, small refrigerator, and desk area, it was roomy and quite comfortable for 2 adults and two children. In addition to the bed(s) there is also a pullout bed in the couch. The toilet and shower are in separate rooms with sliding doors. There is a small sink with the toilet and a larger vanity type sink with the shower.  We liked this setup because if one person is taking a shower, the toilet is still available.  If you have kids you'll know this is a plus.  The rooftop pool was nice.  It's not a super huge pool, but with the 20 or so people swimming with us, it was fine.  Our kids had fun meeting other kids. My advice is if you don't plan on being in the pool, but just watching your children, get there early and grab the loungers in front of the gym windows.  There are no umbrellas up there and in this area it is shaded most of the day. It was a 110 degrees when we were there, so unless you're working on your tan you will suffer.The breakfast buffet is included with your stay, which was great, just don't expect gourmet food.  With that said, the food choices are good.  My only gripe is I wish they put the waffle makers in their own area.  When there are a lot of people making waffles, it tends to crowd up the buffet line for others who don't want waffles.  I just think it would make things smoother.All in all we were very pleased with our stay.
4	We stayed here for two nights in June of 2013, during the EDC weekend (we were not participants).Great breakfastFree wifiFree parkingNO resort fee!!!Within walking distance of the monorail, not too sure about the deuce. We just parked at the flamingo and walked from there.Pool is a little chilly. No hot tub.The staff wasn't overly friendly, but I enjoyed our stay! We stayed in the suite with two queens and a pull out. No room separation, one room, three beds. Overall nice and I'd stay again!!
5	Platinum Elite and this is by far one of the best in the Marriott portfolio. Off the strip but close to things...
5	I stayed the weekend at The Springhill Suites. My son was playing basketball games at the convention center across the street. If you want the Vegas Glitz experience look elsewhere. The rooms were nice and clean. The breakfast was fine and filling-nothing too Wow, but decent to start a day. The workout room was nice too. Don't be thrown by the blah exterior because once you are inside it is quite nice. The staff was professional and courteous. I would visit again~
4	Had a great stay here when I was in Vegas a few weeks ago! This hotel is probably one of the few hotels that doesn't have a casino in it and is non smoking. Like most things in Vegas, it is in a tall building and you get some pretty good views from the higher floors. The rooms are great and have a split bathroom ad two sinks. The hotel in general is very clean (for the most part. I did find a piece of gum under one of the nightstands in the room I was in. Gross!) The parking is also great and it's not that far away from The Strip. The self-proclaimed "world's largest gift shop" is also closeby.They have a free breakfast, which is good and has plenty of seating, though toward the end when there is a breakfast rush, it can be difficult to find somewhere to sit. Breakfast also ends pretty early, which is silly because Vegas is a popular vacation destination. Room service is okay. The food is good, but the menu that was in our room was an old menu and they didn't have some of the things we wanted! They also forgot to put coffee in our room when we arrived and ran out of coffee for the rooms. Not a big deal since there was coffee at breakfast, but still annoying.I would definitely recommend this place!
1	This review is solely on the customer service from the Lost and Found and front desk regarding my missing item. I had checked out and forgot my foam roller (a workout device), I realized and called back. I was transferred to the Lost and Found department and had to leave a voicemail. I did not receive a call back after calling twice so I drove back. The receptionist said that she didn't find it, called lost and found and they said they received my voicemail but didn't find it so they didn't call me back. ARE YOU KIDDING? I specifically asked in my voicemail to give me a call regardless if they found it or not. Wasted my time and effort in coming. The receptionist did nothing to make me feel better about my item being gone. I didn't catch her name but her name tag said Phillipines, she was horrible. I expressed that my item is valuable and very important to me, the least she could do was ease my frustration but instead she looked stuck up and could've cared less. This experience seriously ruined my thoughts of this hotel. I feel like my item was kept by housekeeping or they threw it away because they didn't know what it was. For the future, if a customer asks for a call back..CALL THEM BACK! And tell the front desk people to not be rude and show some empathy. Us customers are already spending a lot of money staying, yes I forgot my item but I expect it to still be there considering I remembered a few hours after. Shame on you SpringHill!
4	We stayed here just after Christmas. We were not in a "suite", but our room was very comfortable and clean. Simple, inexpensive room in Vegas: what more do you need? The staff was very friendly and helpful. One tip: get  down to breakfast early (before 7:30) as it gets crowded!
3	Took my teen daughter to Vegas to see Cirque Du Soliel for her birthday. Location was great: close enough to the Strip without the smell of urine and regret. Room was ample though the almost see thru bathroom doors were of putting and the lack of a fan in the throne room made me hinky. I loved the ample and attached parking. The desk staff was friendly but each of the four times I interacted either to check in or purchase a late night Hot Pocket, it always seemed they were working on an issue that required two people and oblivion. Just a glance up to acknowledge me would have been outta sight. I loved that there was no casino and would recommend for families.
3	Nice clean and modern hotel. Free breakfast. Way off the strip. You can pay six bucks to take the monorail which is across the street if you want. No casino. If you are here for the convention center, than this place is great.
3	Awesome place to stay!! front desk are awesome! I went with my 1 year old and wow the rooms almost seemed child proof! I was a little nervous bringing him but all in all cute updated and CLEAN place.  OH A PLUS FOR ME? Paul Mitchell hair products in the hotel bathroom!!! loved that little surprise!
4	I went to Las Vagas for a convention/vacation. This hotel was chosen because the LVH (now Westgate Resort) was full, and because this hotel is right across the street. There is not casino, and it was smoke free--thank goodness! I stayed for 3 full days at about $90/day. The hotel offered a free breakfast bar every morning: Continental breakfast with oatmeal, eggs, and some meats. There is also a cafe within the hotel where you can order cocktails, coffee, lunch and dinner items. The items are decently priced when compared to the other places available to eat. I easily spent $35 on two quesadillas with fries.The hotel is located within walking distance of an Italian restaurant, or one can go into Westgate where there's several eateries. The hotel is right beside a gas station. This was very convenient for those of us with cars, and those who wanted to save money on snacks and beverages. The hotel is not on the strip which was nice because it was really quiet during the evening hours, it's family-friendly, and feels safe--you need your room key to operate the elevators.For those wanting the Las Vegas experience, the hotel offered a free shuttle service that would periodically take people to and from the strip. There's also public transit right outside the hotel, the monorail at Westgate, and SpringHill staff will call cabs for guests.
4	Nice convention/conference hotel! Clean rooms and friendly staff. The outdoor pool on the top floor is refreshing and offers a nice view of Las Vegas. (There aren't any poolside umbrellas, though, so it's hot most of the day during summer months.) The free breakfast buffet is a good one, as far as free breakfast buffets go, and the small restaurant has good Happy Hour deals. I 'd stay there again.
5	We recently stayed here for 2 weeks while we were attending a bridge convention at the Convention Center. The location is literally a 3 minute walk across the street. Let me say that very few people have ever gone out of their way to solve my hotel problems as did Lena, a supervisor, at the Front Desk. She worked hard to make my reservation (which I messed up) work. I was so grateful. About the premises: clean, attractive, great A/C, a little itty bitty convenience mart inside the hotel, nice restaurant, albeit not quite 5 star food but half price everything during early bird dinner hours. Mucho appreciated. Breakfast was the bomb! Great assortment, eggs, biscuits, waffles, fruit, yogurt, cereal...even very good coffee. I am picky and this was an exceptional stay. Great blackout curtains and excellent cleaning service. The gym was very nice (a little small) as was the outdoor pool (also small). Just an excellent stay.
5	Ok, this place is really nice for the price. It isn't outright luxury but it has all that you need, a mini grocery store, a restaurant, fitness center, laundry, free breakfast, wifi, parking. It's super convenient. The only downside is that the pool is really small and the water looked ok.. but people swam in it and they were fine I think its just the color of the stone that gives the water a funny color.However, I give this place 5 stars because it is a great value. And.. they pretty much saved my life - my wedding. I booked 3 rooms, (very roomy by the way fits 5 to 6 people because it has two beds and a nice sofa couch, I also like that there is a door for the bathroom and a separate room for the shower which both include mirror so it is convenient for multiple people) for the wedding which we were able to check in early. The rooms were clean and spacey. On the day of the wedding I was getting dressed up when I realized my mom had forgotten the lace to the back of my dress. Mind you, it is a corset dress!!! Panic took over the entire room. I have forgiven my mother but she was a total mess and felt so bad she forgot something so essential. I was pretty much naked from the back walking around in a huge dress reacting strangely by not freaking out. Somehow I managed not to cry and mostly joked about my bare posterior showing.My mom attempted to find like a joann's or something but failed. Somehow one of my bridesmaids and good friend decided to call the front desk (we were about to cut a sheet and just pay for it). The front desk miraculously came up with a white ribbon!!! The lady ran to our room and we tied me up and ran to the limo that was outside. It was insane, but management here is awesome and saved the day. Of course my friends smart thinking as well, but my gosh I give this place props for their efforts in finding this ribbon and trying. Many other places probably would have been like "too bad" not my prob.Thank you!!
5	Love the decor and feel of this hotel.  I stayed here because the seminar I attended was being hosted here. It was a great choice because there was NO long dreaded walk from the parking to your room. It was also smoke free.  I will definitely stay here whenever I'm in Vegas.
2	I don't know what others are talking about....Cons:- Bed was hard- Room layout was awkward - Towels we're rough.... Couldn't tell which was the floor towel and which ones we're body towels- Extra blankets were dirty, like thank goodness I didn't have one of those CSI blue lights, kind of stains....Pros:- Staff was friendly- Free breakfast- Walking distance to North Strip casinos.
4	Stayed at Springhill Suites, Planet Hollywood, and Flamingo on this recent trip to Vegas and I must say comparing hotels, Springhill Suites was definitely the best value. Location wise, it's between Westgate and Riviera so if you're looking to gamble you're just a few steps away.  We did most of our clubbing at Wynn/Encore, so a cab ride is about $10 w/ tip. Call the front desk and they'll call one in for you.The room was perfect. Plenty of space to relax and invite some friends over.  The separate toilet and shower had it's pros and cons. A mini fridge and microwave were little bonuses since the better hotels usually don't have them, unless you're getting a suite with a whole kitchen. The sitting area was a nice space to order room service and chill. Decor is modern and simple. Best part is the bathroom mirror. Such perfect selfie lighting!Service was great. Forgot our room keys at one point so had to get a new one. Left the room the next time with the old key and didn't realize it no longer worked. Front desk was very nice and patient with us drunkies. Parking's a breeze. A nice change from the hectic parking/valet/check in process of the huge hotels. The only thing missing was there is no bellhop. You can grab one of those big carts and wheel your stuff yourself. Kind of awkward walking through the lobby lugging that thing around.We were so busy we unfortunately didn't get to use the pool or have the complimentary breakfast. Next time!
4	Long day here but they offer nice breakfast buffet, walking distance to Circus Circus and others
4	Great location, comfortable, reasonable, free breakfast, internet, close to strip and across from Las Vegas convention center.......
4	Love this property and Catherine was AMAZING the entire stay.  WAS AMAZED at how good the food was at their restaurant downstairs, Palette ?. The wing and steak sliders were great. The only downside is its a little too close to the bad part of town. I was not worried nor have I ever had any issues BUT I would not want my wife to stay there on business alone.
4	Not a glitzy casino, but very nice, clean, and comfortable. Great staff! Friendly and helpful! Happy hour at the bar and restaurant from 4-6. I got in early and had to wait about 3 hours to check in. Sat in comfy bistro area and got work done. Sheena, the bartender/food server took great care of me! Cool things: Rooftop pool and fire pit. Starbucks coffee. Lots of space in the lobby.Room bonuses: Split bathroom: the shower and vanity area is separate from the toilet :) Couch area and work station separated from the sleeping area. Spacious. Locale: Near the Strip and the monorail. Not a bad gig. Oh, and it has a free breakfast bar! And free wifi! Will come again!
