4	$1.50 for a huge hotdog and a drink, you really can't beat that. Also, I enjoy their pizza slices as well. It's a nice lunch just to grab while you are there.
5	Love the greasy pizza, it's so gooey and delicious! Also the frozen yogurt is delicious and a steal, drinks are cheap and staff is nice
5	$1.50 for a giant beef hot dog. $10 for some pretty awesome pizza. Gelato, chicken baked, and chicken Caesar salad. Everything is inexpensive and good. You can't beat this place for a quick bite to eat. As always, Costco rules!!!!!! Love this place!
4	Thanks, person who unnecessarily added this "business" to Yelp.The Costco food court is a good value but also surprisingly delicious. Their hot turkey and provolone sandwich is great. It has surpassed the chicken bake as my go-to item. The mocha freeze or berry smoothie is a good accompaniment. Of course, the best value is the $1.50 hot dog with 20oz drink. But I can never get myself to settle for that.
4	This one has gelato! You can't even just get one scoop, you get three for $1.50.  Trust me, you'll be happy you got the push to get two more scoops.
5	For all of the reasons to step foot inside Costco, their food court ranks at the top for me. Costco brings its commitment to service and quality to your stomach!Great food at awesome prices, you can't go wrong. The $1.50 giant beef hot dog is probably the only hot dog I will ever eat. $2 for a slice of pizza or $10 for a whole pie is a steal. Better ingredients and much larger than anything you will find at Dominos or Pizza Hut. The food court has snacks such Be advised - no credit cards, cash only.
5	If you're at Costco and you're anything like me you're definately hittin up the food court on your way out. The food is is good, not great and cheap as anythin. .50 cent drinks 1.50 polish sausage and drink. There's ice cream, sandwiches pizza and gelato. If you have 5 bucks and needed yourself a good meal costco food court doesn't disappoint. The only negative I would assign them is that they're cash only
5	Seriously, I don't think food can be cheaper than this. My girlfriend, who had never been to Costco before, asked me how they could make this delicious food so cheap. The only thing I could come up with is they are selling it at cost in order to get more people in!$1.50 for a quarter pound hotdog WITH a fountain drink? Yes please! We couldn't cook dinner cheaper at home unless we were making rice and washing it down with water. They also have $10 whole pizza pies, and I'm not talking mini pies like dominos, these are 18 inch pies! With the quality I've experienced in their other items (plus a few other customers on line told me it was very good), I don't see why you'd ever buy a whole pizza anywhere else. The most common thing people write about are the ice creams. I grew up with the frozen yoghurt with berry sauce ($1.65 I believe), and they have continually expanded their offerings. Now they have a mocha frozen drink that many said was unbelievable (and looked unbelievable), and they also had gelato! For like 1.50 for 3 HUGE scoops in a waffle cone. After seeing gelato in the Venetian for like 7 bucks a scoop, I practically threw my money at the Costco cashier (who was super friendly). The gelato was also VERY good (surely not as good as what's at the Venetian but at that price who cares?), what I've come to expect from any Kirkland item. Lastly they had some interesting items I've never tried purely because they didn't cost 1.50. The beef brisket sandwich looked incredible, not like one of those "looks good in our ad" deals, but when I saw it come out it looked HUGE with a ring around it to keep things nice and clean. Well done. If you're late night shopping, and don't feel like cooking, stop here and get some delicious mega cheap food, and wash it down with some gelato!
1	I have been shopping at Costco in Summerlin for nearly fourteen years and enjoy shopping here.  I have eaten at the food court on a dozen or so occasions.  This past Thursday night at closing (8:30pm) I ordered a hot dog and added mustard and onions.  I was on my back for the next three days with food poisoning.  I went to Urgent Care late Friday afternoon because I was so sick and was prescribed an antibiotic that is given to people with Anthrax along with an anti-nausea medication.  This is day four and I'm finally able to get up and get around, although I am still weak and tired.  I will never again eat at the Costco Food Court in Summerlin (west Las Vegas).
4	You can't beat this place for the price. Although seating isn't always easy to get, and the line can be long, that lunch bill is kinda awesome. Pizza slices are large, the hot dogs are big, and the cones are a treat. Someone at my job ordered 2 large pizzas and picked them up. For only $20 total they were tasty and filling and very large. Not skimpy on the layers of crust, cheese and tomato sauce, making even the plain pizza very satisfying.
5	Love the giant slices of pizza for $1.99+tax or a whole gigantic for $10+tax!  I also like to get hot dog, can't beat $1.50 which includes a drink!  For dessert get a frozen yogurt or gelato.
5	This Costco Food Court has the best food you will ever taste! Every time I call to phone order either I order a combination or no meat pizza, they always do the order correct. Plus their Chicken Caesar Salad is amazing for half the price in a restaurant plus larger portions as well. If you want a snack or dessert, try their gelato, the Very Berry Sunday, or the nonfat yogurts, its very mouthwatering and very tasty!
4	Peakza, Peakza, Peakza!!As many Mexicans say, peakza! The pizza here is a great deal! 9.99 for a huge 18' pie, you can either get combo, pepperoni, or cheese. I tried to ask for an only pep and mushroom, but got shot down.Here at the actual food court they only accept cash, if you need to pay with a debit/credit card go to the check out lanes and you can do so. I would also recommend ordering it prior to arriving as it can take  up to 25 mins or longer on a busy day.The hot dogs and churros are also delectable and super inexpensive. The location here is busy, and they changed their tables around last year so seating is kind of tight. It is, for the most part, always clean, unless slobs do not pick up after themselves. Come on people!This is my go-to when football or boxing is on for a pie!Yay!
5	Love their all beef hot dog and yogurt cup. The price is really affordable, and the food is great.
3	I had an extremely horrible experience here my first day moving to Vegas. An older gentleman reached down behind me and into my pants and pretended like he didn't know what was going on. When we called the manager, he tried grabbing her chest. Again, this was my very first day in Vegas. It took me awhile to get over what happened since I was so shaken up- I absolutely hated Vegas for a long time and thought things like "This would never happen at the SSF Costco". In any case, the manager did her best, but I was so traumatized at the moment. I wish I had called the cops or done something more. We learned later that the man's wife eventually came and Costco management had talked to her about what happened. It took me a long time to be comfortable eating here again and when I do, I'm super vigilant about it. People here get kind of weird in general. I've left my food at a table for a minute to get soda, and multiple times I've seen people already eyeing it wondering if they should take it. The staff here is efficient, they try to clean up messes as soon as possible, and things are mostly stocked. Food quality is better than other Costcos.  It's really the patrons that make things difficult and unruly. It would probably be better if the food court had a separate entrance and was separate from the store so it doesn't feel like all hell is breaking loose.
3	Shopping at Costco is almost always a huge headache, and without fail, even after purchasing massive portions of food, I have no interest in cooking after shopping here and typically end up stopping for a meal on my way out- looking forward to the yogurt parfait treat is almost motivation to shop here in the first place!Menu is simple, but the fact that they only accept cash is a huge pain in the ass.The hotdogs, Caesar salad, hotdogs, and pizza are all of acceptable quality, even considering the very small price tags. Speaking of size, portions are beyond enormous. Order half as much as you think you'll need.In addition to the cash-only policy*, the traffic jam of exiting people and their overloaded baskets stopping and causing congestion are additional downsides to the placement of the Food Court area. There needs to be a designated place for carts.*Rumor has it (AKA, the tips on the app) that they now accept AmEx and debit here. Have not yet tried this myself. Thanks to Tracy P for the info!
3	When I shop at Costco I always build up a thirst. Those aisles are crazy big! After checking out the most obvious thing is to visit the food court for a drink. The lines are always pretty long since this is one of the busier Costco locations in town. I haven't tried their food but they are quick and efficient when you're in a rush.
