5	We got a puppy in January so have had the new experience of having the same vet for every milestone and appointment, and she has been great every time.  The front staff are super friendly, offer lots of treats, and clearly adore animals.  Dr. Cangin answers all my new-parent questions with tons of information, offers advice and recommendations which have all proven to be great, and will be loved by my dog again as soon as the visits become less often and less intrusive.The pup was just neutered/microchipped and his scar is tiny, the surgery was smooth, and they kept me updated all along the way.  Everything you want in a doctor.Finally, they have an interactive website so I can access and keep up to date with my dog's medical history and appointments online, a nice luxury.
5	I have been going to EEVMC, and specifically, Dr. Fisher, since I brought my first American Mastiff, Kingston, there as a pup.  I had been calling around, looking for the right vet, and when Pat answered the phone, I think my decision was made right then and there.   She made me feel like my puppy was the last one on earth, and when she said she couldn't wait to meet him, I believed her.  Pat is more than a receptionist, she is welcoming committee, cheerer upper, and information, all in one!  Just yesterday, I called because someone came into my work, concerned about the baby squirrel they found abandoned and unable to walk.  Pat had the name and number of the Wildlife Rescue organization right on the top of her head, and added personal knowledge of how good said baby squirrel would be taken care of there.My good experiences haven't stopped in the waiting room though, the receptionists, the techs, and Dr. Fisher are all great!  Dr. Fisher gets down on the floor with your dog, gives lots of cuddles, and makes the whole visit enjoyable.  He listens to you, and does not give off the "I'm the vet, I make the decisions" vibe.  He allows you to be a partner in your pet's care, and takes your concerns and thoughts seriously.  He has even taken the time to email me more information, after my appt, about a concern I was having with my dog.  I really appreciate the care my pups get at EEVMC, and even though I have moved 40 minutes away, it's worth the drive.
5	Now I don't like going to doctors and I don't see why my moo moo pie would either (I don't really call her moo moo pie). But East End Vet. is awesome. Pat and the girls are amazing and not only do they make your furry lil' critter feel special but they make you feel special too. Molly(moo moo pie) goes to see Dr.Cangin (pronounced canyon I believe) and she does a superb job of making me feel comfortable with Molly in her care. EEVMC is definitely worth going if you want your furry friend to get the best possible care if you're on the hunt for a Veterinarian in the Shadyside/Bloomfield area.
5	It's taken me a while to write this review, because I lost my sweet li'l pal Wulph in the fall. But, East End Vet and Dr. Fisher were absolutely wonderful and completely there for me from start to finish. These people genuinely care about animals.Aside from the fact that their facility is green, clean, and convenient, Dr. Fisher went SO above and beyond for me and my dog, who, it turned out, had canine cancer. I won't go into too much detail, because I don't want to cry on my laptop, but Dr. Fisher performed every test he could at their clinic, allowed me to email him iPhone-shot video of my dog's abnormal breathing, took my panicked phone calls and calmly answered my questions, performed an extra test for free when I was trying to keep my mounting vet bills in check -- and preparing for what I knew would be monumental ones when we inevitably had to go to a vet hospital -- and, after my sweet little Wulph was gone, I received both a card and a phone call with their condolences. I was truly touched by the caring staff at East End, and every pet I have will be their patient. Rest in peace Wulphman. We miss you!
5	My wife and I basically run a rescue shelter and currently have 12 cats (11 of which are rescues).  Needless to say, over the years we have gotten to know everyone at East End Vet quite well.  From chief receptionist Pat to Drs. Cangin & Fisher and all their assistants, everyone there is extremely patient, helpful, understanding, and caring to humans and animals alike!When we found them 5 years ago we did so based on a lone online review (I think it was on google) and the fact that we read an article on how their building was LEED certified.  We have since also learned that 100% of their energy source is renewable... and by that I mean both electricity and the positive attitude that they put into their work!  Every time we take a member of our family to see them we are pleased with the experience.  Everyone is incredibly knowledgable and will recommend the very best treatments and cater to your economic situation.  Instead of being greedy at all costs like most facilities in the human health care industry, they will even generously defer treatment to specialists when they feel it to be best or even the spay/neuter clinic when the same service or procedure can be received there for less financial burden!  On top of that, since our cat-to-income ratio is quite high, they really work with us to provide us with the most cost effective care.  They are truly happy to have our business, and it shows!  Like other reviewers said, the Drs. take phone calls (or at least actually call you back with the utmost personal attention), and Dr. Fisher does take time to do extra research and email us information and links to websites to learn more about health issues, proper care, and behavior modification techniques.  In a sense, we have become cat behaviorists by default -- through research, experience, and of course the folks at East End Vet.One thing about ALL vet offices is that you can find medications, supplements, and other products that they recommend elsewhere for much cheaper.  They offer the products there as a convenience and thus also likely have a convenience (profit) charge worked in.  Sometimes we are happy to pay the fee if we are busy and need the product right away (besides, the $ goes to a great business with great people, AND it goes to helping pay for that 100% renewable energy!  Products we have found for CHEAP on Amazon.com that I remember off the top of my head: Viralys lysine powder, eye ointment, and also Feliway/Nutrivet pheromone diffusers and refills.  We usually get meds at local pharmacies if needed soon or we try websites like 1800petmeds.com.All in all, East End Vet is the place we will ALWAYS take our animals, so long as we live in the area!The only thing I haven't found there is the willingness to try and/or recommend natural flea treatments, BUT the good thing is that they do work with you if you tell them that you prefer only all natural care.  When we bring a new furball in from the street, we need to retreat the cats and house with flea treatment (we do this every 6 months anyway).  Instead of using the unfortunately popular, toxic, and dangerous conventional pesticide products that have flooded the market, we use (with perfect success) a product from a green American company in Texas called Wondercide -- http://www.wondercide.com ... I would have reviewed it on its own page, but unfortunately it doesn't have one yet on Yelp. So here goes, for all you looking for safe and natural flea/tick/pest control: The only way to truly rid your house and pets of fleas/ticks/pests by using this product is to get and use the non-thermal fogger they have available on their website (remove plants first) and also liberally spray your pets with a spray bottle.  It is 100% nontoxic to humans and pets of any size and is also 100% natural.  They also have outdoor products and products for all types of pests (and wood treatment!)!  The flea treatment works for ticks, bed bugs, roaches, spiders, ants, etc... BUT both the indoor and outdoor formulas are HARMLESS to beneficial insects like bees!  When our latest rescue came in I found a tick on her.  I sprayed her with the Wondercide and rubbed it into her coat, and within 10 minutes there were 4 dead ticks on the floor and no remnants left on her skin!
5	They could not be any nicer!  they are reasonably priced, it's easy to get an appointment, and the vet is kind and gentle when treating my cat.
5	if your located in Pittsburgh, East End Vet is the prefect place to go. I have taken my dog to them for over 2 years nows and they are amazing. My dog has certain dis-likes as he was abused prior to my adopting of him and they take those into consideration and try their best to accommodate him.I have never had an issue making an appointment or getting my pets medication.
5	I'm so happy to say that Dr. Fisher and the staff at East End Vet are AMAZING. Dr. Fisher went out of his way to explain options, explore the overall health of Spikey, and helped us understand our situation. Spikey was so chill the whole time - the positive energy at this vet made him feel so comfortable and at peace! It was the direct opposite of the chaos and negativity at the Point Breeze Clinic. At East End Vet, the support and kindness from the secretary to the technician to the doctor was out of this world and we feel SO lucky to have found them. It's so nice to know that you have options, compassion and choice in making decisions about your pet. Seriously, parking was easy, the staff were amazing, we were seated in a quiet room right away, Spikey was calm and the overall experience was incredible. I recently wrote a review about the Point Breeze Vet because we had the worst experience I've ever had with a vet there, but we're so excited to find a positive place for our pets!
5	We have taken our rescue dog to East End vet for years for both routine checkups to surgery procedures. Both the staff and vets are superb in explaining and answering questions...no matter how seemingly mundane. Our dog actually enjoys coming to see them : )
3	Phoned and explained my new puppy has worms crawling in her stool. They told me to make an appointment but i couldn't get in for 2 days but if I bring the puppy in they will weigh her and check the stool without an appointment and be treated as long as I keep the appointment in two days to do a thorough check. I left work early rushed to the vets they checked the stool sample and yes it is tapeworms. Told me to come back in two days the day of my appointment and then they will give me the prescription. WHAT??? I asked if the worms causes any discomfort .... The reply was yes somewhat. Why did you just waste my time? It would take 1 min. to hand me a pill pill and say see you in 2 days. Now does this sound like a vet who  cares? NO
5	Been going here for years. Dr Fischer is amazing. He's such a kind man and so good to my cat! I love the office itself...very clean, friendly staff, and excellent care to my cat. Couldn't be happier to recommend this vet to anyone with an animal. The woman at the front desk is also so amazing!
2	I took my dog here for a checkup after we adopted him and WOW we paid a lot more than we would've elsewhere. Welcome to Shadyside!We got charged $13 for antibiotics (which we could have gotten for much less or free at Giant Eagle's Pharmacy. The option was never given to me). Dr. Cangin recommended this really expensive flea + tick + heartworm medicine, and the woman at the front desk gave me her own advice and said to just use K9 Advantix and Heartgard since the medicine the vet recommended was expensive and made the other receptionist's dog sick. Say what now? Talk about conflicting. I was charged $25 for 'Cytology - Otic' which was swabbing his ears and checking the samples with a microscope for infection, $40 for ear ointment to treat a yeast infection in the dog's ear (not sure this could have been cheaper elsewhere), and $49 for 'Exam - Problem Oriented'. Whatever that means other than $CHA-CHING$The round of antibiotics we got was only for 14 days and didn't knock out his skin infection. It came back with a vengeance not long after the antibiotics were through. When we took him to the clinic at the ARL 3 weeks later they couldn't believe EEVMC didn't give us steroids to reduce the inflammation from his scratching in addition to a longer round of antibiotics. Which explains why he never stopped scratching and the infection never had time to go away, or his skin time to heal.We were pretty unimpressed. To top it off, when we called for a second appointment after his skin inflammation got WAY worse they couldn't get us an appointment for 4 days. I get that they're busy but are you really going to allow my dog to scratch himself raw for a superfluous amount of time because you're booked?? You can't possibly squeeze me in somewhere? I would have taken any appointment at any time with no notice. The ARL was much more accommodating, and we only paid $15 for our appointment there since it was our first appointment after adopting him. They still would have been cheaper either way, though.Pretty meh about this vet, as convenient as its location may be.
1	All is well as long as your pet is healthy and you limit your contacts with them only to regular visits for such things as vaccines and the sorts. The moment your pet will actually need them, you can forget about it -they won't help, won't try. Very bad experience with them, they wouldn't see our cat when she started limping one morning, we had to find another veterinarian to see her on short notice. The doctor there is quite snouty, would not shy from talking down to you: I'm actually an MD, she would talk to me as if I was retarded, just because I have an accent. Would also push their preferred brands of whatever product for half of the length of time allotted to your pet's consult, to the point of making you think you're watching a telemarketer talk. Don't limit yourself to them, even if you live in Shadyside and they seem the closest option: there are plenty of other vet places in the city that at least make you feel like they care and are not there just for your money! By the way: Thank you so much "Cat clinic and Hospital" on Liberty Avenue for your help when we needed it!
5	My former vet was taken over by VCA.  I didn't like the rules changes, the prices and many of the new procedures, so I was on the hunt for a new veterinary clinic for my dogs.  I asked my friends on Facebook for a suggestion and East End Veterinary Center won, so I tried out Dr. Cangin and Dr. Fisher.  I have been thrilled!I have two dogs -- a 14 year old large breed mutt with arthritis and melanoma and a 5 year old pitt bull who is just totally healthy.  Drs. Cangin and Fisher keep them healthy, are very caring and obviously love animals, which is extremely important! My older dog is also under care for her melanoma at PVSEC.  Both doctors at East End are careful not to interrupt her cancer care in any way keeping in touch with the cancer specialist all the time.  The East End physicians work with me as to the type of care my dogs receive, give me options, and explain everything.  I've cared for dogs since I was 5.  I'm not new to dogs.  We talk at my level.  When you are an animal person, dog, cat, bird or otherwise, you make a good, caring vet as has Drs. Cangin and Fisher.  I know my dogs are happy to be at East End.Helpful, knowledgable and cheery receptionists Pat and Mae start the process always knowing the right questions to ask and do their best to put my dogs at ease, which is never easy.  They do a great job.The loving techs seem to melt when they see my dogs.  They are efficient, taking care of my animal's needs.  My large dog never wants to go with anyone if I'm not walking along with her and the techs understand.I have found some veterinarians who have been vets too long, don't like animals anymore and who make the process of caring for pets problematic.  They should retire.  That's not ANY of the staff at East End Veterinary Medical Center.
1	After seeing all of the positive reviews, I was quite surprised when I witnessed their care first hand.  My friend's dog (who is a client of EEVMC) was diagnosed with lyme disease and subsequent decreased kidney function -diagnosed at EEVMC  When he lost use of his hind legs, my friend called to try to get an appointment.  The level of compassion which received her was horrendous.  A very cold receptionist simply informed her that there was no way her dog could be seen right away, even though most vets give priority to obviously ill or injured dogs.  No suggestion to go to the emergency vet or to come in and wait.  Just "no." To add insult to injury, they prescribed 200 mg daily of the NSAID Rimadyl to ease his pain.  Rimadyl can cause effects to the kidneys and liver.  The same clinic that diagnosed his kidneys were not functioning at full capacity prescribed a pain reliever that has been shown to directly affect the kidneys.  This shows poor follow through. Fortunately she went for a second opinion, and the second vet took him off of the Rimadyl.
1	It makes me sad to give a 1-star review to a business to whom I've been loyal for 5 years.  Let me qualify this review by saying that one of the two vets in the practice, Dr. Fisher, is wonderful: scientifically knowledgeable, empathetic, and has a great bedside manner.  I sincerely wish he would switch to a different veterinary office-- I would consider following him there.My problem with East End is the other vet, Dr. Andrea Cangin.  She has shown what I consider negligence on two occasions which could have resulted in the death of two different cats, and may well have contributed to lasting and severe health problems for them both:1) She accidentally prescribed twice the dose of phenobarbitol to my cat, who has had epilepsy for many years.  It took me about a month to figure out why he was acting so sedated and remedy the problem, and it is unclear if the wrong dosing resulted in serious liver or other damage.  2)  She approved the use of a common flea and tick medication for a friend's dog, and neglected to mention that it is DEADLY poisonous to cats.  You can see where this is going: my friend's cat groomed it off their dog, and nearly died.  He had multiple seizures and has been in critical condition at the emergency vet for the past 4 days.  He is coming home, but is still very sick.  No one has any idea about the lasting neurological and other health consequences for my friend's kitty.After this second incident, I can no longer give my business to East End-- despite my fondness for Dr. Fisher--and I plan to do my part to warn people away from Dr. Cangin.  One instance, while disturbing, could be a mistake (no one is perfect), but two seems to be a pattern of carelessness with potentially fatal consequences for pets.  A cursory glance at the other negative Yelp reviews seems sadly consistent with this perception of Dr. Cangin (I noticed one other review describing a prescription mistake).  I also can't help but notice that pretty much all the positive Yelp reviews are about Dr. Fisher and the admin staff specifically.  I'm relieved to say I have an appointment for my cat at another vet clinic soon.
