5	I go to Dr. Reddy and he is very nice.
5	Dr. Reddy became my wife's primary care physician about 3 years ago.  I was impressed with his knowledge and compassion so I switched over to him also.  Over the past year both my wife and I both had new medical issues arise, and Dr. Reddy was quick to diagnose both of our conditions and refer us to the appropriate specialist.  I've referred several close friends to him over the years and everyone has been very pleased with him.  He really does care about his patients, and he takes the time to listen you and talk to you, not at you.  I can't say enough good things about Dr. Reddy.  If you're looking for an excellent doctor in Las Vegas that really cares about his patients, don't hesitate to go to him.  I'm not a personal friend of his, or someone in his office, trying to give him a good review to drum up business.  I felt compelled to right a review of my experience with him tonight after a friend of mine called to find out his name because he is looking a good family doctor for him and his wife.
5	Had to wait quite a bit, but Dr. Reddy was great. So far so good.Dr Reddy made me feel comfortable and spent more than the normal time with me. He really listened to what I was telling him about my past history and explained his recommendations in an easy to understand manor. I left feeling very confident that Dr. Reddy is a great doctor. I'm to return in two months, so I'll keep you posted. Office staff also seemed nice.
1	The front desk person(philipino women) should be fired! I walked in today after being referred to this practice very highly by my Endocrinologist. I stood at the front desk while the front desk lady just looked at me. She finally asked me what I wanted. I was shocked by the way she even responded as it was not friendly. I was there because I moved from out of state and did not have a GP. I explained that I was referred to to the office and was looking for a new GP. She asked if if I was a patient and I said no. She quickly told me I could sit down and she would try to find some one that could speak to me. I walked right out. Im sure the doctor is great with the reviews but im sorry. Im not sitting in a packed office building for "someone" to talk to me when I can go online and find another practice. They are a dime a dozen in Henderson.
5	I've been going to Dr. Reddy for about 5 years now if not longer. He is honest, caring and he promotes eastern medicine and other natural forms of taking care of yourself. He suggests taking vitamins and supplements which is rare for a doctor today. Dr. Reddy has been consistent with prescribing medicine that does work well for me with little to no side effects which just tells me that he listens and he really knows what's going on with my body. I appreciate my doctor so much especially with the rapid decline in hospitality in health care. All the doctors in the office are great so if you're looking for a new one, come here.
1	called at 11:50 am to make an appointment. i selected option #1 to schedule an appointment. the line was picked up and hung up 3 times.  All of a sudden the three lines i have to the office were all busy.  Who ever is handling the reception desk today September 3, 2014 should be fired.
1	I wish I could give ZERO stars. The receptionist had an attitude. I can tell Dr. Reddy probably first hand hired her with his disgusting attitude. This was probably the worst office and costumer service I have ever encountered.
