5	After two trips to Herb 'n Flavors I can confidently say it is my favorite place to eat in Tempe. Here's why:The first dish I experienced was the taco platter. It was recommended by my waiter Emily. Grass fed beef topped with some special salsa and shredded cabbage, all on a soft taco served in quantities of three with a side of chilly so I didn't go home hungry. The second dish I tried was the GLT (gyro, lettuces, and tomato?). This was the most amazing sandwich! I have had traditional gyros before but not like this. This best part is the spinach dip that is put in the sandwich and on the side (ask for an extra pita to polish off what you don't finish with the sandwich). Some observations:The dishes come with a healthy serving size (maybe a little too healthy). I didn't want to leave anything uneaten but I didn't have a hard time finishing it off either. The food is good and they know it, I think they are just making sure that you get your fill.The waiters are very friendly and Brad, the manager, always checked in the make sure the food was five star quality. I had the pleasure of talking with the owner Sabeur Rouin a boisterous fellow who is also well know for his hummus company; Doctor Hummus. You see the kitchen right when you walk in the front door. I personally like this because you get to see all the action, including head chef Demani, who is superb at all things food. But if you choose to, you can be seated in the main dining area where the kitchen is out of sight and instead you see the beautiful murals and interior color palette painted by one Ashley Campbell. The atmosphere inside is very inviting, and for only opening one week ago I think that Herb 'n Flavors is already a fine addition to the Tempe dining scene.Cheers!-S
4	Ordered two sandwiches for carry out...falafel pita and a gyros.  Both were good.  My wife and I will come back.  I was greeted by Dr Hummus when I walked in the door.  I found the gyros to be perfect, as did my wife.  My wife will be the first to let you know if she finds it too greasy.  This was not greasy.  It is my hope that this restaurant is a success.
4	Had to try this new place after hearing/reading about it.I first had the lentil soup, which comes with some tasty and crunchy pita chips.  Comparing it to the best in town, I'd give it a 7 out of 10.Also tried the hummus, the jalapeno cilantro with grilled chicken.  The chicken pieces were a LITTLE overcooked. It was good, but again, comparing it to the best I've had in town, it's about a 7 out of 10.Went with the Spicy Grilled chicken wrap, and it was loaded with fresh veggies and the chicken WAS actually kinda spicy.  VERY LARGE portion.  It was wrapped in foil and kinda hard to get to it without the abundance of ingredients falling out onto the plate, but it had a pop of great flavor.  The one problem was that the pinto beans and rice inside the wrap were slightly undercooked - still had a little bit of "crunch" to them.  I would not order this again.Like this place, but they can get better.  And I think they will.  Four stars for now, and another review later if they improve.
4	Large portions and friendly service.  The spicy chicken wrap ($9) was so huge I could only finish 1/4 of the wrap.  It was filled with a good portion of meat, veggie, and rice, and the spicy sauce was very flavorful.  Tried some gyro which was equally as good.  Although drinks such as fountain soda are a little pricey ($2.75), the iced tea and lemonades are freshly made and pretty refreshing (also $2.75).  There are a few kinks to still work out, such as figuring out the credit card processor (We were accidentally charged the wrong amount and they couldn't void the sale), but this is a great place to go for Mediterranean food.
5	MUST, MUST, MUST TRY THIS PLACE!! :) I logged into my Yelp account for the first time since I created it in 2010 JUST to recommend this place!The atmosphere is as clean and fresh as the ABSOLUTELY DELICIOUS FOOD! The food value and service is truly unsurpassed by anywhere else in the area (no exaggeration)! The owner is incredibly hospitable, frequently making rounds to get verdicts on the quality of food and service. The servers are super friendly and give excellent, knowledgeable recommendations on menu items based on dietary needs and general food preferences. We ordered the jalapeno-cilantro hummus with pita bread as an appetizer (totally mild, as I'm not being a fan of things that are spicy) and the SMALL is enough for four people to share...AND we were asking for more pita triangles because there was so much hummus on the plate!I ordered the veggie wrap thinking that, at $8, I was paying for the organic ingredients and didn't really expect to get a very large portion and boy, was I wrong!! This thing was massive (and trust me, I can eat)...LITERALLY bigger than a Chipotle burrito!! The two pitas were STUFFED with brown rice, pinto beans and the best seasoned vegetables ever (I'm telling you, if  my veggies tasted like this all the time, I could easily be a herbivore). I could only eat half of a HALF of one and had more than enough leftover for a substantial dinner (the others I was with couldn't finish theirs, either).You can tell that the owner and staff are genuinely passionate about the food and service that they are offering (our server even led us out just to open the door for us) and it is merely a testament to the "love" that went into this place.:)
4	This is the place to go if you are looking for fresh, healthy food! The menu has tons of options for any sort of eater and serves many locally grown and/or organic foods. My personal favorite is the avocado, mozzarella and tomato!
5	Me and a friend rode our bikes here from Ahwatukee.  The ten miles each way was worth it for this place.  Absolute best Babba G'noush I'ver ever had, and the Chicken Fresca is my fave! Will be back for sure.
4	I went to this place today for lunch with a friend and I was excited to try it as it uses local ingredients (which is pretty cool). The place did not disappoint. The restaurant is very cutely decorated, which was not expected considering the plaza it is located it, the walls have really modern patterns on them in fun colors. When we walked in, it was a bit awkward because we were supposed to seat ourselves but we didn't know (no sign) so we kind of stood there and the hostess stood there and then finally we were told to seat ourselves. This wasn't a huge deal and will probably improve as the restaurant gets a bit older. For lunch we split the beef tacos and the chicken pita nini with the jalapeno pesto both on the recommendation of our waiter (who was very attentive). We both had water to drink and I liked that they took the time to use cucumber in their water, but garnish the glass with a lemon...a nice little detail. The pita nini was tasty and came with a creamy sauce on the side that was good on it. It wasn't spicy at all like I thought it might be, but it did have a very good flavor. The tacos were very tasty AND huge! There were three tacos that were overflowing with filling. They had pieces of beef, some cabbage, some cotija cheese, pico and avocado. They were marked as spicy on the menu, but I didn't find them very spicy. They were flavorful, however, and the portion can easily be shared between two people. The food was all very fresh which I thought was nice. This place could easily be overlooked, as it is not noticeable from the street or even from within the shopping center unless you are looking for it. Next time I would like to try the jalapeno cilantro hummus and one of the soups, but there will definitely be a next time. Don't miss out on this cute little restaurant!
5	As I write this I sit here enjoying one of their delicious dishes.  I was here for the first time several weeks ago and their chicken pizza and spanikopita were awesome.  The owner remembered me which is always a nice touch.  But what I like most is that he walks around and personally greets everyone to see how their experience is.  That's top notch! Having a new dish today which is incredibly tasty as well.  And the food is high quality, with fantastic tasting water.  So nice to not have to buy a bottle of water these days just to get a basic necessity of life!  And last but not least, the service is always great.
4	What an interesting little place! The food was amazing, and staff was extremely helpful and knowledgable. The cook actually heard us talking to the waitress about going vegetarian and he came out to tell us about other places to try, where to shop and even tips for nutritional supplements! The decor makes you feel like you are in Ikea, but other than that the place is fabulous!
3	I'm not drinking the kool aid. Sure the vegan spinach and artichoke dip and many types of hummus are amazing, that's what Dr. Hummus and Co does very, very well. They made their name on the farmers market circuit and deserve props for making consistent, solid hummus and dips. It's just too bad they didn't just stick to that.The soups and salads failed to impress. Either woefully lacking or overly aggressive in flavor, which means there's a quality control issue because no kitchen would send product out if it tasted that off. The GLT was pretty good, mainly because of the awesome spinach and artichoke dip slathered on thick.To top it all off, you're paying serious farmer market prices. Everything is about 20 percent more expensive that it has any right to be. (Go check out Munch A Lunch on the other side of Tempe for a cheap, humble Mediterranean lunch joint that exceeds where Herb N Flavor fails.) Stick to a counter-ordering system for sandwiches. With cheap IKEA decor and only three tables full at lunch time, there's no need for four waitstaff to be wandering around aimless and looking for something, anything, to do. Payroll is way higher than it should be.Which is why they're charging three bucks for a glass of iced tea. Or eight bucks for a thin slather of spinach and artichoke dip on a platter when I could buy a whole tub of the stuff for the same price. And then I have to tip a luckluster waitstaff on top of everything? I walked out 45 bucks lighter and seriously unimpressed.Y'all can keep it. If I'm going to frequent a small business with an awkward name, I'll head across the street to Beaver Choice in the future.
5	I had a wonderful experience at this locally owned Mediterranean restaurant. The staff was very courteous, and I loved that they were actually Mediterranean. Everything on the menu is organic and most of it locally grown, which in my book is a huge plus. I ordered the Mahi-Mahi and it was delicious. It was a little on the spicy side which is indicated on the menu, and I like spicy. As an appetizer I went with the Lentil soup and it was perfect. It wasn't overly flavorful but rather perfect for a cool evening, it warmed me right up. Even their tea, which is homemade, tasted great. They are brand new and still working out some issues in the kitchen as my girlfriend had to send her shrimp kabob back. They had slightly over cooked it. The owner apologized for the mistake, and they promptly corrected the issue bringing her out perfectly grilled shrimp. They are hidden in a failing shopping center behind a Burger King so if you're in the area please support this wonderful locally owned organic restaurant.
4	I like to support local/sustainable as well as mom n pop business especially n tempe so their local ingredient menu catering to anyone from omnivores to gluten free eaters caught my eye. I had never tried Dr hummus but I grew up on mcclintock so I noticed herb n flavors when it moved in. We had a leisurely lunch there..Bright friendly casual slow paced atmosphere.. wide variety- healthy menu selection. ordered puttanesca pasta and bbq chx pizza, both absolutely delicious and fresh. Servings big enuff to share. Ordered Refreshing lemonade and very good cappucinos one of which we got to go. Had with their baklava, nice and light not too sweet. Owner-manager was friendly and thoughtful, checking in on our food/service, pleasantly invited us back. Props for maintaning business as they r hidden behind burger king..don't go to Bk- drive past it and give this.place a chance!
2	I am a big fan of Dr. Hummus, and since I work right in Tempe I was delighted to hear he had his own restaurant.  After 2 visits, I am sadly disappointed.On my first visit the place was pretty slow, so I got some very personable conversation and excellent prompt service.  I am a vegan and have been craving for mainly raw foods, so when I saw the Veggie Wrap chocked full of spinach, red peppers, zucchini, onions, etc., I was very excited.  What I got was a steamed mish-mash of all these wonderful ingredients (it was cooked, not raw at all, which the menu failed to mention).  I must say it was quite tasty, but not the healthy wrap I was craving.My second trip was not nearly as personable or friendly as my first.  The restaurant was a bit busier, and after sitting at a table for well over 15 minutes being completely ignored without so much as even a "Hi" from the wait staff, I finally got up and left.  I was really hoping this could be my new regular lunch spot, and as many of my colleagues are Indian (vegetarians) I was looking forward to bringing them here as well, but after a couple less than impressive visits to the restaurant I think I'll stick with getting Dr. Hummus at the markets.
4	I came here last night with John C to grab a bite to eat after he was telling me about this place.  It's a newer restaurant, and even though I've seen it a few times, finally stopped in here tonight.The menu is huge, with a selection for everyone.  They have quite a few vegetarian dishes, along with meat, fish and chicken.  This place gets everything locally grown, and has mostly organtic, locally grown foods.  Place is well decorated and you seat yourself when you walk in.John did most of the ordering.  I stuck with the falafel, and I really enjoyed it.  John ordered vegan spinach dip, hummus and veggie pizza.  Everything came out fine, but the veggie pizza had way to much broccoli on it.  I'm not a fan of broccoli, so I picked off the few pieces that we split between us.The only downside was that the service here was a bit slow.  Took us a while to place our order, but overall, I will say that its probably because their new.  I would come back, but will probably try a few of their meat dishes next time I'm here.  They serve a lot of different dishes, so I can see myself trying a few different things upon returning!
5	Yes!!!  Finally!!!  YAYYY!!!  The world and Tempe needs more places like this.  Besides the fact that our food was delicious, everything is organic 'except the coke products'.  Plus, a lot of their ingredients are local to boot!  We had the hummus, yum, with pita bread and veggies (a nice spread of veggies, not just carrots and celery) followed by the Chicken Pesto Pizza, double yum.  AND the prices are very reasonable!  I strive for a mostly organic diet, which is not cheap, so...I'm not sure what some of these other reviews are talking about, but I think the prices are great!Thank you Herbs n' Flavors for making an organic life style a little bit easier!
3	I don't know what it is about Herb 'n Flavors, but every time I go there something is off.    Don't get me wrong, overall they have some tasty dishes, but some others fall flat.  It's really hit or miss.  The first time I got the Spinach 4-Cheese Quesadilla and it was just too greasy and cheesy.  I know, I know it's "4-cheese", but there is a delicate balance with cheese.  My friend ordered it another time and the balance was much better.  The second time I went I got the Veggie Rice Bowl.  Wonderful seasoning, but they overcooked the tofu.  We also ordered the Vegan Spinach & Artichoke Dip.  No thanks.  My friend had the salmon - loved it.  My other friend got the Pollo Fresca and the Chicken Shawarma Wrap separate times.  He liked both. The 3rd time I ordered the Veggie Bowl without the tofu (much better).  The falafel fries are yummy.  The tiramisu is absolutely INCREDIBLE!  I must say the owner is really personable and KNOWS how to cater to his customers.  That type of treatment will keep me coming back for the things that I really enjoy.
1	Just poor service and food in general. Really don't want to go into details but I did not have a good experience. The staff was not friendly and I spent a long time waiting for my food. My drink never got filled back up and the silverware seemed dirty. The food was average but cold.
1	Haven't done any reviews before but I felt obligated to warn everyone of this unsanitary resturaunt. The food was a bit cold but it was okay. I got home that evening and was extremely sick. I went to urgent care and they told me I had gotten food poising. I should have known not to try such a random little resturaunt. BEWARE!
2	This was our second time at Herb'n Flavors.  My husband ordered the special 1/2 pound hamburger.  He ordered it medium rare and it came well done.  The side dish of beet salad had rancid capers in it - yuch!  When we told the waitress about these problems, she just said she was sorry and did nothing to rectify the situation.  There are too many other good restaurants in town - We will never return.
4	I really had to prompt our server for the Herb n flavor "story" and she forgot to mention the daily special. Except for that our visit would have been 5star.  We ordered a small lentil soup which was good and held up well to the pita chips it is served with. Salad was tomato avocado and mozzarella slices served with scoop of bowtie pasta.
4	I'll admit I'm a sucker for places that serve local, organic food. But Herb'n Flavors was pretty darn good.We arrived at 8:30pm and they close at 9:00pm so I was a little nervous that they were going to try and rush us or be rude and they were actually very welcoming and we didn't feel rushed at all which was nice.I don't know why people are complaining about the prices. For the portions you get and the quality of food I think the prices are fair. Anyway, onto the food. The menu is quite extensive. Pizzas, sandwiches, pastas, salad, entrees - a good variety. I ordered off the specials menu - gluten-free chicken tenders and fries. The gluten-free breading was actually really good. I was a little nervous when the food first arrived because I thought the strips looked kinda dry but they weren't. It's just that they weren't as greasy as most places! The came with a really yummy spinach and artichoke dip for, well, dipping. It was a notch up from ranch dressing for sure. The fries were like steak fries (big, thick cut) which aren't my favorite but overall they were good. Again, not as greasy as fries elsewhere.The decor is okay - all (or at least mostly) IKEA. But it works.It's a local business worth supporting for sure. I would go back.
4	Personally, I do not have much interest in whether my food comes from local suppliers or not, and I have only a bit more interest in whether it is organic, but I have been here twice and have been pleased both times.The grass-fed beef burger w/o a bun was not my idea of a burger, but it was cooked just right and was very tasty.I have also had the Mediterranean salad and tomato soup, both of which were good. The tomato soup does not seem to be a bisque base, but maybe more of a gezpacho. Anyway, it looked like it was actually made from tomatoes.What I like best about Herb 'n Flavors is that the food tastes like real food and not something that came out of a microwave. The water is refreshing (hint of cucumber and mint), and the decor is pleasant. I would recommend this place to others!
2	The Good: $1.75 per item tapas menu of dips, cheeses, and meets.  Gluten free, vegan, and vegetarian options.The Bad:  The food was ok but the service and atmosphere are seriously lacking.  Very slow server.  (Would have given the place 3 stars if I didn't fall asleep at the table waiting for my bill)What it comes down to is that there is nothing that this place does any better than a Pita Jungle.
4	Amidst the Pawn Shop, behind BK and next to the "Hydroponics" store is a gem of an airy bright restaurant that serves only organic with a high emphasis on local products. The entire strip mall has gotten a nice face lift.The menu had mediterranean, italian and mexican food on it.  I had heard good things about the mediterranean food so that's what I went with. I attacked my chicken schwarma with a fork and knife because it was so big!  It was good but a little dry so I requested some additional sauce (which I didn't like) so I requested some hummus  ....they were very accommodating and very attentive.They feature some specials that I think I should have gone with.....the beef street tacos looked amazing!I'll be back to support Dr. Hummus' new restaurant!
5	Hi.  This review is really more about Dr. Hummus, which is a side business of the owner.  The hummus is without a doubt the best I've ever had and it's incredibly healthy and low calorie.  I've had most of the flavors and have yet to find one I don't like a lot.  They make a raw food hummus that is traditional tasting and yummy.  Sabeur, the owner, and Craig, the marketing manager and guy you'll most likely meet at the local farmers markets, are both genuinely nice, good people.  I went to the Farmer's Market last weekend to find they were out of the raw hummus.  Craig profusely apologized for running out and told me about the restaurant.  I drove their and Sabeur was expecting me as Craig called to let him know I was coming.  He ran to the Dr. Hummus location close by and brought what he had remaining.  Great customer service, incredibly polite and to top it off his chef gave me a pizza at no cost to try.  Vegan pizza and it was flavorful.  It's rare to meet such genuinely people.  Treat them well and they will reciprocate!
5	Great food! So fresh and so many delicious options! Actually good gluten free pizza, most places its like a cracker, but this was a great consistency. Amazing service as well! Highly recommend!
4	Yummy food! Good prices.  I love the fact there's organic/whole foods available.  I usually get the spicy chicken wrap- it's so big that it is perfect for lunch and dinner.  Sometimes they are a little slow, so make sure you have the full hour.
4	This is a really great restaurant that has to over come some unfortunate location issues.  If you are traveling down Mcclintock then it is hidden behind a vacant Mexican / fast food restaurant.  If you are traveling down Broadway it is hidden behind a very large BK.  I know I have driven by many a time and never seen this place.  The parking lot is very rough and needs to be paved in a bad way.The restaurant is the complete opposite of it's surroundings.  It is very bright and contemporary inside.  A very pleasant dining room with very cool decor.  The staff is really nice and the menu is pretty varied.  My only complaint would be it needs a few more vegetarian options.  Next time I go in I'll ask if there are any recommendations.  I had the vegan tamales on my lunch visit and they were outstanding.  They come in three flavors, but the Jalapeno Hummus ones were the best.  I know hummus in a tamale sounds weird but they were very good.  They have a really good vegan artichoke  dip/sauce I wouldn't have believed it was vegan.Next time you pass by give them a try.Try:- Vegan Tamales
2	I'm a GF vegan and a big supporter of local/sustainable food, so first, I applaud this restaurant for serving local and organic food. When I heard about this restaurant, I was excited-another restaurant to add to the list of restaurants that I can eat at. While I support this restaurant and their philosophy, I believe there needs to be work on vegan dishes. I ordered Tofu Kebab, priced at $15, and it only consisted of smoked tofu and green and red pepper. I was really disappointed because I looked forward to it and was expecting a variety of veggies with more flavor added to the tofu. My husband and I also ordered Spinach and Artichoke dip. We envisioned the warm, cheesy kind, but instead, it was a cold dip laden with a pool of oil. We got sick to our stomachs and we ended up having an upset stomach afterwards. Overall, it was very pricey for such flat dishes (My husband also ordered a GF, vegan pizza, and if it was not for that, I would give this a 1-star rating). I hate to criticize a restaurant that supports veganism, but if you want to keep people like us coming, I hope that the chefs will consider this criticism and find a way to improve the vegan dishes. We cook alot at home and have a very cultivated taste, and we appreciate restaurants that deliver exciting dishes that we would not cook at home.
1	Bad! Local produce? Try spoiled produce! Appalled by the lack of freshness! Vegetables were past their prime. We left hungry. So disapointed, we wanted to support a local business, but this was so bad! All the good reviews are lies!
4	Considering it's not unheard of that my boyfriend and I discuss restaurant options and ideas for a given evening, resulting in us almost always ending up at Pita Jungle, it's a bite of fresh air to have discovered Herb 'N Flavors. Great place!  We ordered the artichoke & spinach dip w/veggies to start, which was good, not great. Loved their cucumber water though!  We shared the spicy chicken wrap (awesome!), veggie rice bowl (great flavors), and a side of beets with candied walnuts.  Fresh, flavorful and good quality. Menu contains local and organic ingredients.  Down-to-earth vibe of the place and cozy feel, despite bring in a bit of a creepy plaza. We'll definitely be back!
4	I learned about H 'n F from Dr. Hummus, Junior (Ovi) who sells hummus at some of the farmers markets around town. The restaurant location is behind the Burger King, which can be somewhat tricky to find sometimes for newbies.The restaurant has numerous options, so meat and non-meat eaters can enjoy the food.  A friend of mine attends school nearby and she has numerous food allergies. She said all of her food choices have been specifically gluten free, and they get it right for the most part. I like how the menu has variety, but some of the things confuse me (such as the kung pao pasta).  There are so many things that it's hard to choose - hummus, salads, pizza, pastas, and now tamales (which are rather delicious) & more.   Everything I have eaten is delicious. I really enjoy the veggie wrap, and the cook actually takes one's preferences and makes the food as ordered. The lentil soup is just as it sounds - nothing interesting but pretty tasty.  The portions are typically rather huge, so be prepared with some to-go food after you're finished.  One thing that irritated me once was the lack of specific teas.  The menu listed all these interesting teas, and I was looking forward to some hot tea. The server gave me some plain Fresh 'n Easy brand tea and told me he could not find anything else.   I am not a fan of places that advertise all these things then don't have them or charge me the same for the tea that was not what was advertised. Depending on who's serving you will depend on service. I've had good servers and unimpressive servers too.    Sometimes at the farmers markets at the Dr. Hummus booth, you can get $5 off coupons for meals, and (usually), the server doesn't give one the stink eye for using a coupon.  They tend to have specials from time to time, like free kids' meals on mother's day (or something like that).  The owner, Sabeur is very friendly and often talks to customers while you're there.
5	I saw a banner for this place from the corner. I was a little hesitant since it was one of those places kind of shoved in the corner of a shopping plaza. After about a month I finally remembered seeing the banner and talked my boyfriend into trying a healthy lunch. We almost didn't go because he really wanted to go somewhere else but I got him in the door and got him to look at the menu and he agreed we could stay. Although it was empty (we did go in summer at like 3pm), we were excited to try it. I started with the tomato basil soup and it was so good I made my boyfriend try it. He LOVED it too! I was so surprised! I not only got a good soup but I got something healthy my boyfriend loved! Then we ordered off the specials menu. I got the burger that came with hummus and a beet salad. He got the cold pasta salad with chicken. The highlight was the hummus for me! It was absolutely amazing. He loved his dish too! Again I was surprised. He had ordered a coffee and although he didn't know what the french press coffee was I tried some of it and it was great.I am very excited to have found a local healthy place that I can drag my boyfriend to as well! The only thing that was semi disappointing was the price. But even still for the healthy organic options they have the price is very very very reasonable. I just didn't like that I spent $36 on lunch. Probably my fault for ordering one of the most expensive dishes. Oh well it was so worth it! Even the left overs were great later for dinner! So I guess now that I realize I had a small dinner too $36 really isn't bad at all.
4	I love small locally owned restaurants, and this place fits the bill. They use locally grown ingredients and are vegan and gluten free friendly. I had a grass fed burger that came with spinach and artichoke dip, roasted cherry tomatoes, fries, and hummus. All were very good, flavorful, and cooked well. My coworker had the Carne Asada tacos (also grass fed beef) and they looked amazing. He said they were very delish! The meal took awhile to get so don't go if you are in a rush, but service was friendly and the price was decent. My lunch was around $10 with fresh made lemonade as my drink of choice. YUM!
2	Convenient location,  comfortable interior, vegan vibe service.  We split the warm lentil/spinach salad on recommendation of server.  Just OK @ $10, the lentils had a nice herbed flavor and had been simmered in a flavorful stock w some fried pita chips.  The kung pao chicken was very wierd and not even close to expectation-more like bland spagetti sauce over noodles with peanuts and chicken w/chili oil for that LOL "oriental flavor"-dish needs to be totally reformulated-chef/owner please google "kung pao chicken recipes" .  Will head to pita jungle next time.  Dr Hummus: stick to your fine retail food products(great baba, hummus, garlic pitas)-you cook poorly.
5	I love this place...Its quick, and clean...every dish that I try, I practically fall in love with.  I even take my vegan friends there and they're still talking about it.  Friendly staff, too.
2	First time I was there, ordered the taco plate, teeny tortillas the size of a soup can lid, piled with 6 inches of filling. Of course it wont all FIT into the tortilla so it falls apart and gets all over the plate, the table, and your hands. Not very funny.Just now I ordered some turkey pita gyro &%#$ing thing, had to scrape out literally over a cup of this STRONG-flavored unpleasant-tasting tomato pesto crap, but it still overpowered the sandwich. Was this some kind of joke?? Pesto is an extremely concentrated, strong ingredient, ONE tbsp would have sufficed. I counted SEVEN tablespoons that I had to scrape out of there. I couldn't taste a SINGLE other ingredient. I'd been riding my bicycle all over town, I was so hungry, looking forward to what sounded like a delicious meal, and you &%#@ed it up. So two strikes you're out. Really pretty hostess though, very nice to me even though I was yelling at her over the phone. Sorry 'bout that miss.
2	Meh.2 stars for the concept and the service.I can really appreciate a restaurant that tries to use local and organic food.  That's really important to me.  And the service is great--the waitresses are super friendly, and the owner is always there, checking up on guests and making polite conversation, seeming genuinely interested on what his customers think of the food.  Well, here is what I think Mr. Owner:  the food is not that great :(  I feel like nothing had ANY flavor whatsoever, and every time I've eaten there, I've waited for about an hour for my food.  And once after waiting for an hour, I was brought out the wrong dish.  And it tasted like it came from a can.Le sigh.Like I said, I really really appreciate the concept and the friendly service... buttt the food isn't great, and takes forever.  Sorry : /
5	Excellent food, excellent service. The food is healthy, well presented, delicious. Prices seemed good considering the calibre of the food. Service was attentative, prompt and courteous but not distracting. We will be going back on a regular basis!
5	This was our first time eating at this restaurant and I have to say the food and service were amazing.  The food was fresh, the quality of the ingredients were high and the taste was perfect. The owner seems to have blended the principles of healthy eating and high quality food for all needs. I chose the grass fed burger with no bun with two sides (Hummus and Beet Salad) and it was delicious. The presentation was appealing too. If you want healthy food that tastes great in a place that is friendly...this place is it!
4	So, trying to eat mostly vegetarian these days and in fact, trending toward vegan with no meat, dairy or cheese (I said mostly, sometimes a chicken has to take one for the team) and so finding places where I can eat out and eat well within that criteria is not always easy. However, Herb 'n flavor, it not only will allow you to eat vegan if you so choose but the food looks wonderful and it tastes delicious. I had the smoked tofu kebabs when I went there and they came with brown rice, salad, sprinkled with some rice cheese, I believe, and a side of artichoke/spinach dip (hmmm, have had dairy, I will have to check). I also had the fresh brewed iced tea and let me tell you...excellent ice tea, just as good as the ice tea at Casey Moore's. A co-worker had the hot lentil salad with spinach, which looked great but I eat enough lentils at home these days (cheap and good for you folks). They do offer a variety of meat based items as well and everything seems to be organic and their hummus is from Dr. Hummus, a locally owned company, which is nice. You can also find gluten free meals as well. I will say, the reason it is not five stars, is it took a bit longer than I liked for the food to come out and then getting the bill and paying out seemed to also take longer than it should. I know, nit picky, but that happens when one reaches middle age and also, yes, wonderful, local, organic, but a bit pricey...my tofu kebab meal was $13 and the ice tea was $3 so with tax about $18 and with a 20% tip it was $21 for lunch...ice team and a meal at Casey Moore's runs me about $12 so this is a bit more pricey than I would like for a weekday lunch though great for the weekends.Bottom line, good eating experience and good for you, what is not to love?
4	Food here isn't hit or miss--more like hit or average, and average doesn't feel the best because of the prices. But a experience eating here is very pleasant. Great spot for a date. Try the GLT.
4	I'd seen this place frequently driving through Tempe, and finally got a chance to try it with my boyfriend this weekend when my vegetarian friend and her vegan boyfriend came to town.  Overall I'd give it 4 stars, but I'm rounding up.  I'm weighing pretty heavily (at least a full star) for the organic, local menu.Atmosphere was pleasant, bright and open.  Service was friendly, with a polite waitress and reasonable serving times.Appetizers: We got classic hummus with pita bread, and vegan spinach and artichoke dip.  The former was very plain, even a sprinkle of paprika on top would have helped a lot.  Possibly our own fault for ordering classic, rather than an interesting flavor.  The latter was actually very good, and I'm hard to please when it comes to fake dairy.  I would have been happy with two of those.Entrees: Each couple got a wrap to share.  My friend and her boyfriend ordered a veggie wrap, and confirmed that it would come cut in half.  They both enjoyed it, commented on the flavors, and identified a plethora of veggies in the wrap.  Each half was also huge, so they were glad to have split it.  My boyfriend and I got the chicken shawarma wrap and failed to confirm if it would be served cut in half (though we did make it clear we'd be sharing).  It came in a sort of overflowing taco situation, wrapped in foil.  The waitress wished us luck in splitting it, as she dropped it off.  Oh thanks.  We passed it back and forth taking bites.  It was pretty tasty though.Beverages: I got a strawberry lemonade, my friend got a pomegranate iced tea, and the guys had water.  The lemonade was good, but it had a sort of "artificial sweetener" after-taste that was disappointing.  My friend said her tea tasted more like a good green-tea than anything fruity.  She wasn't complaining, but it wasn't what she expected.The bill: Prices are going to be higher when the food is organic and locally grown.  I'm willing to pay more for that if that's what I'm after, but considering we weren't entirely impressed by our half of the meal, it felt like a lot.  Our friends were a lot more satisfied since they thoroughly enjoyed every aspect of their meal, and are more willing to pay for organic food.  $20 for lunch for two people isn't bad, but considering we shared everything and didn't feel like it was spectacular, this won't likely be a regular spot for us.  If I do return, I'll make different choices when I'm ordering.
4	Love this place! My manager set up an employee meeting for our store here and we all loved it! Great food, plenty of sitting room, good lighting and friendly staff. I will definitely be back! Their menu kind of reminds me of Pita Jungle's menu - hummus, tzatziki, baba ganoush, wraps, pasta, pizzas and much more. There were lots of vegetarian options (which I appreciate) and daily specials. We all shared an starter sampler with roasted red pepper hummus, tzatziki, baba ganoush, pita and veggies and I ordered the black bean and corn tamales. All good stuff.Everyone should check out this little gem!
5	What's not to love? Herb n Flavors uses local, high quality ingredients, the food tastes GREAT and they are vegetarian, vegan and gluten-free friendly! I especially liked their vegan spinach and artichoke dip! We will definitely be back soon : )
4	At first I was thrown off by the tacky, pun name, but the food here is awesome.  I had the soup which was hearty and delicious.  I also tried the fried falafel which was quite possibly the best version of falafel I've ever had.  Crispy and flavorful, these little squares were quite the joy to eat.  :]
5	I have now visited Herb n' Flavors several times. I love supporting local businesses who have sustainable practices. This place uses local farms for their produce, safe from GMO's and pesticides. So, I was already a fan before I walked in! Everything I have tried has been delicious, and the owner is such a cool guy- always so friendly to the customers. The food always tastes so fresh, and full of flavor! They have a little something for everyone. I am a gluten free vegan and my husband has no dietary restrictions. We always both leave happy. I definitely recommend this place. I would like to see their business continue to grow and stick around for a long time! :)
4	I loved this place and will definitely be back. Super friendly service. Lots of choices on the menu I wanted to try. Great for my vegan/veggie/gluten free friends, but plenty of options for everyone else too.They have cucumber water, if that is your thing. I thought it was a nice touch but I am not a fan of cucumbers. Our waitress was more than happy to get me cucumber free water upon request.I ordered the combo plate where you get to pick 4 items of your choosing. Everything was tasty and it is a good way to get a variety.One side note - I tried my friend's spinach dip. I was not a fan of that one item. Other than that though, no complaints.I can't wait to go back and try the other things I wanted on the menu.
2	Clever catchy name and looks like it's got it going on from the outside but inside is dull and boring. This place has no ambience whatsoever. There was some music playing back in the kitchen but none for the customers. If it weren't for the fact that they have wait staff I would have thought I was dining in a cafeteria. It was quiet, not many customers at the time, so could hear conversations from tables across the room. This is where a little music could have helped. There were TVs on the walls but were not turned on. My server spoke so low (and seemed timid) that I could barely hear her and apologized a few too many times for the slow service. I only ordered the quesadilla from the starter menu so thought that would come out fairly fast but had to wait a good 25-30 minutes. Not really worth the wait either as it was very bland and didn't live up to the above-mentioned catchy name. I might go back again to try something else but not sure. Maybe take a friend or two so I don't die of boredom waiting for the food.
3	This place is ok. Fresh food. Ordered Lentil soup, that was awesome. highly recommended.Tiramisu cake also awesome, I think they make it from scratch. Chicken shawarma gyro was a bit disappointing . The chicken is very tasty, don't get me wrong, and very juicy, but the sauce is too watery for a gyro, makes the bread soggy, i didn't like that. This is not shawarma. The chicken looked like it was boiled with spices, again, it tasted good, but it wasn't what i was expecting.
1	I dont think I have ever had such a terrible experience.My boyfriend and I came here on a whim thinking that it would be worth trying something new, and fresh and organic is always wonderful.We ordered two iced teas which were great, as well as a small hummus appetizer. The hummus was fine but really nothing special.I ordered the kale and beet salad, and it was the first time in my life that I have ever sent something back to the kitchen because it tasted badly. Besides the kale the salad was full of HUGE pieces of slightly warm beets and tiny pieces of caramelized nuts. The menu advertised a "house dressing" that turned out to be olive oil and large amounts of lemon juice. The dressing was sour but lacked any quality flavor and the giant  pieces luke warm beets added nothing positive. When I politely informed the waitress about it, she was rude and passive agressive. I felt VERY uncomfortable. She asked me if I wanted something else, and so i ordered the tomato and basil soup to go. My boyfriend ordered the sloppy joe, and while the fries were quite good they didnt have ranch and the actual sandwich was quite bland.  When I got home and tried the soup I was blown away with how terrible it was. It was COMPLETELY over salted to the point where you could barely taste anything else. As we were leaving the waitress brought us our check and tried to charge us for the salad we had sent back, but took it off when we complained. We also heard the table next to us complain because the waitress had forgotten to put in their appetizer and she didnt even remember which one they had ordered (as she is bringing out their food), On top of that the food was expensive, and the waitress had almost no tables. It was a slow sunday afternoon.Avoid this place. I think it might be the worst place I have been to in phoenix, and I have lived here over ten years.
1	I really wanted to like this place. I love the concept of gluten-free, vegetarian and vegan menu items.However I couldn't have been more disappointed in the food, service and overall environment.I ordered the sloppy joes and they were bland, tasteless and lacking any flavor. My girlfriend ordered the kale and beat salad which was beyond awful. Their "house dressing" was literally olive oil and lemon juice... disgusting.  We sent it back and she received the tomato basil soup. The soup was REVOLTING. It was so over salted to the point that is inedible. Also EVERYTHING took too long, it was over an hour wait for the food when there were only about 3 other patrons eating there. The server also charged us for the salad and we had to make a comment for her to take it off.Avoid this place like the plague.
5	This was the first place my boyfriend and I ate at when we moved to Tempe and we have been back many times since. The food is great; it's clean, fresh, and a lot of it local. It fits the needs for vegetarians, vegans, and carnivores. Everyone who works here is extremely nice and the owner is a great guy. Try the grass fed steak tacos.
4	Great food, exceptional service and reasonably priced!  Enjoyed a Baba Ghanoush appetizer.  My veggie rice bowl with tofu was more than I could eat at one sitting.  Very generous portion!
3	Herb & Flavors is a clean and modern looking sit down restaurant that serves food made with organic ingredients. The menu is extensive with allot to choose from whether you are a carnivore, vegetarian, or vegan. They have dishes from most major ethnicities and, of course, American. If you don't know what you feel like eating or if you are with a group of people that wants different styles of food, you should probably come here. The water they serve is crisp and refreshing because it is flavored with cucumber and lemon. People around me were eating pizza, pasta, and Mediterranean dishes that all looked great.  I ordered the sloppy joe made with grass fed beef, organic tomatoes, onions and American cheese on top. It came with a side of steak fries and organic ketchup. The sloppy was set in front of me and it was just how you kids like them, "extra sloppy." The sloppy joe was just ok. I think it has less fat and grease in it because the sauce in the meat doesn't leave as much of that orange stain on the bun and plate as you usually see with sloppy joes. This is both good and bad. It is healthier which is good but bad because "fat is the vehicle through which flavor travels." The meat and sauce was sweeter than I would like. I added some salt to counter act the sweetness. The sandwich wasn't bad, but it wasn't great either. The fries were just the right crispness on the outside and the right softness inside. The color is the perfect shade of light yellow with slight browning on the edges. I added some salt until they were just right. The service was very good. My water was always full and i was always looked after to make sure everything was going alright with my dining experience. My check was delivered and picked up quickly. In the end, I would come here again if I was in the neighborhood but I would order something else like the pitas and hummus or the pasta that I saw someone else have.
4	Gave it a try after reading some good reviews... and I'm a fan! It's comparable to Pita Jungle. We started with the appetizer sampler (pick 4 dips): jalapeno hummus, red pepper hummus, baba ghanoush, vegan spinach/artichoke dip. The jalapeno hummus was my favorite. It's packed with flavor... and the pita chips are yummy too. Next, we split a caprese salad. Also very good. Ordered the 3 grass-fed steak tacos for main course. Pretty delicious, although when I had my leftovers the next day, I realized there was probably way too much lemon in the pico de gallo. Guess I didn't notice the first time around since the hummus was also very lemony. (Menu note: There are a lot of gluten-free and vegan options... great to see, since we eat "Paleo".)Service was super quick. And, since it's not as well-known as Pita Jungle... I'd say it's a great, quiet place to go where you'll probably never have a wait. I'm sure we'll be back.
4	Dined here again and tried the jalapeno hummus with pita chips, and had the mozzarella, avocado, tomato salad.  The jalapeno hummus was excellent, and had just the right amount of spiciness to contrast with the creamy texture of the hummus.  The pita chips were nice and crispy.  I had the small order of salad, which was beautifully prepared, with large portions.  It tasted great, and each component meshed well with each other.  One of my friends ordered the chicken fantasia which was a huge portion of chicken with sauce, veggies, and rice.  Service was very friendly and drinks were refilled promptly as needed.  I like that the food here is healthier, and has an emphasis on more sustainable, local ingredients (Such as the coffee and desserts) and high quality proteins (Such as grass-fed beef, and free-range chicken).  Definitely a good place to frequent for vegetarians or omnivores!
5	Delicious organic, seasonal, and free range fare! Good portion sizes, great service, and reasonably priced! The veggie rice bowl with tofu and baklava are incredible!
3	My bf found this place on yelp and we met up for dinner on a Friday night. There was just 2 or 3 other parties when we entered, and the hostess was very nice and let us choose a table. The menu is very vast, and we spent a few minutes going over it. We decided to get a small order of the jalapeno cilantro hummus with pita bread, which is very good (spicy!). Deciding between a panini and the kung pao chicken pasta special, I went with the special, which was my one mistake of the evening :( It took a while for the food to come out, so I probably wouldn't recommend this place if you were in a rush, but we kept ourselves occupied. The kung pao chicken was not the fried version you may expect, which I was fine with, but it wasn't spicy or extraordinarily flavorful. The noodles they used for the dish were very thick and not al dente which I prefer. My bf had the gyro sandwich and a side of fries, which he enjoyed. I like that they are all organic and everything else I saw looked good, so I will give them a second try.
4	Herb N Flavors is located within walking distance to my house so I had to go. My boyfriend and I went one day for lunch and let me say YUM! Way way better than Pita Jungle or the other restaurants that serve hummus and "healthy food." This is also a great place to go if you only eat clean. The place is really cute, eco friendly, organic, gluten free, and they use local produce.I had a pesto pita nini with jalapeno pesto and chicken. I was in heaven it was so delicious. I literally have not been able to find another pini that even comes a little close to how good this one is. I go to Herb N Flavors at least once a month and I can say this place has yet to disappoint!
2	I want to love this place so bad! I like the idea of it but have never been happy when I went in. My boyfriend and I have gone 3 or 4 times and the owner is SO creepy! The first time we walked in he looked at me, then gave my boyfriend a "thumbs up." Then he placed our napkins in our laps for us! So weird. Every other time we went there he acted the same way. All of the other staff was uncomfortably eager to have customers. Its just really uncomfortable in there. And I also have never been that impressed with the food- especially considering the prices. I dont think I will try it again :(
5	Come here for the vegan and vegetarian options and you will leave satisfied.I wish I was visiting Arizona longer because I would have loved to try more items. Unfortunately, all I was able to eat was the Kale and Beet Salad--Fresh kale with sauteed beets topped with caramelized walnuts with a house-made dressing.Staff here is incredibly friendly and makes sure that you are well taken care of.Overall: Awesome, healthy food, at a great price. Highly recommend!
5	Herbs 'n Flavors is a great find!There is never a wait and the service is friendly and helpful.The time to get your meal is reasonable and the portions are large.The food is always fresh and wonderful. Tons of vegetarian and vegan options in addition to great meat dishes too.Couldn't recommend this place enough! Wonderful staff and food!! 5 stars all the way.
3	What is happening to this place? The last three visits have been disappointing. 15 - 20 minute wait for a drink order is waayyy toooo slooooow. Apparently, they are having a hard time keeping enough wait staff on hand.I made the mistake of ordering the sloppy joe w/cheese. This was half-warmed Manwich with a piece of cool American cheese laid on top. The french fries on the side were tasteless. Stay away from the American food items. Most of the menu is still very tasty.
5	We walked there last night for the second time and met the owner.  Very friendly staff and atmosphere.  Love the variety of healthy dishes, especially after a good walk!  Had the rice bowl last night with tofu - amazing!  My husband had the hamburger, which he loved.  Last time I had the tabuleh, which was the most unusual and enjoyable I've ever had.
5	First time I had grass fed meat.  I ordered the steak tacos and it was a huge wake up call just how much better tasting grass fed cows are than crappy drug feed cows.
4	I have to start by saying how much I was CRAVING a big slab of juicy, tender, delicious steak for dinner. Ever since my bf became a dedicated Pescetarian, I've suffered and have been going through a bit of red meat withdrawals.  = P The night we visited Herb 'n Flavors, I was begging him to go somewhere where I could enjoy what I've ceased to eat also. After much pouting on my end, he gave in and started searching for a steak house. Not sure HOW he found Herb 'n Flavors if he was really looking for a steak house but in the end, he convinced me to check it out. The menu selection from their website was pretty impressive. It had a lot of things he would enjoy and I'd be ok with. Meaty steak would have to wait.  = / It's close to our home, so that's a plus. We were excited that it was a Local restaurant and not a franchise. Gotta support the Local Business! The place was pretty open, casual and well-lit. Great for bringing family and friends.... although personally I don't think it's quite a romantic enough setting for first dates or anything- unless you go on a Saturday when have live music!  It wasn't overly busy around the time we went. Our friendly & attentive waitress took our orders immediately and brought our food without much of a wait at all. The musician that night was amazing!! and the perfect accompaniment to the delicious meal we shared. They have such a great variety of fresh, local, organic, vegan-friendly choices, as well as a fair selection for meat eaters. We ordered the Herb 'n Flavors Sampler- which we really enjoyed. Of course I ordered the 3 Grass-fed steak Tacos!! (yeaaaa!)  while my bf had Lentil Soup & the Papardelli Pasta. Everything was Yummy!!!  We couldn't finish everything so took leftovers home for the next day. Although I didn't get exactly what I was craving (giant cut of steak!!), I was satisfied and looking forward to going back to try the rest of the menu! Enjoy!!
5	This is an incredibly good restaurant.  First, ALL their produce is organic, the chicken is free range and the beef is grass fed.  It's also all local.  But this restaurant isn't just heathy - everything is delicious!  Entrees:  We do eat chicken.  So far, my favorite dish is the marinated chicken kabobs.  Whatever they're using to marinate the chicken in tastes great.  It comes with brown rice that is delicately flavored, sun-dried tomato pesto, also great, and a small salad.  My partner had the chicken shawarma wrap and loved it too.  Soups and Appetizers:  (All the appetizers and soups are either vegetarian or vegan.)  I've lived in the middle east, and I seldom find baba ghannouge or hummus that I truly like.  Here, BOTH are so good - they will spoil you for eating these dishes anywhere else.  The vegan spinach and artichoke dip - again, very good.  I found it so rich I just used a little on each veggie stick.  It is made with Veganaise Grapeseed Oil Mayo - I think it's the best and healthiest mayo on the planet - and it makes the dip vegan.  They will serve the appetizers with gluten bread, gluten free bread, or veggie sticks.  The lentil soup was also authentic and excellent. Drinks:  We had a pomegrante green tea that was also extremely good.  (They have a different tea each night.)  The strawberry lemonade - also great.  The iced tea comes with no sweetner, so if you like things less sweet, you can sweeten to taste.Desserts:  Haven't tried them yet, but they do have a flour free chocolate cake - so no gluten.We've been to the restaurant several times, and the service has always been extremely good - even on the weekend when they were very busy.  And, they have a separate gluten-free menu - and will adapt other dishes to make them gluten free whenever possible.  They bake their own gluten free crust for their pizza.  They are also very open to modifying a dish for dietary concerns.   This is now our go-to restaurant in the Tempe/Mesa area.  Also, since it is very near the 101 south, it is pretty easy to come down from Scottsdale too.  And - the perfect place to go when one person is vegan or vegetarian and one eats meat.  A LOT of choices for all three diets.
3	Sooo... I have been to this spot a few times now and I have to say I'm not too impressed. Don't get me wrong the food has always been A+++ but the service is always a let down. A 20-30 minute wait when there are only 2 other tables full in the whole place is a bit ridiculous. The wait staff seems really nice but they need a better knowledge of the menu. If you ask a question they rarely know the answer so they always have to ask the chef. A lot more potential here but the food is awesome!
2	Giving 2 stars because they are trying really hard.  I totally wanted to love this place and so did my husband.  We walked up and the wait staff dispersed and came to the door it was weird we felt uncomfortable so we went next door like we werent actually going the Herb n Flavors and we asked them how it was next door.  The girl went on and on about how great they were and that Fox news was there recently they are supposed to be healthy and free of hormones etc. which is what we are all moving towards now a days.  Its nice to have more choices available so we even though we got a weird vibe from that girl almost like she was paid to give good review we thought lets check it.  We asked waitress what was good etc. and ordered based on her recommendations.  My husband had a gyro with artichoke dip on it.  The bread was as hard as a cracker literally sounded like charcoal out of fire breaking.  Broke it off used it as cracker for artichoke dip which was ok and the gyro meat had nice flavor but the fossil like bread was a turn off.  I had the steak tacos which were not good.  Just all around no flavor in spite of having avocado and chipotle sauce.  We tasted sauce separately and nothing no flavor or not enough just bland.  My husband ordered the french press coffee which was $6 omg what a waste of $6 WOW.  its just 4 tablespoons of coffee grounds steeping in water at your table definitely not worth $6.  Not sure why we did this but after reading reviews we thought lets even go further and try dessert.  They said the tiramisu was home made we tried it and again devoid of flavor lacking flavor not worth another $6 and also much smaller than most desserts at $6 not that I am complaining cuz I definitely dont need more but just stating the facts.  I felt bad for these people because they do have a great concept but the location is not a good one and the food is just too much for what you are getting and its really not that good on top of it.  I wanted to love it and our waitress did try so hard and the fouled up food not her fault so we tipped her well and we didnt complain cuz that is so uncomfortable and then they just think you are trying to take advantage and want your money back so instead I prefer to wish them well not come back and YELP it out :-)
4	The food here is great! It is difficult to find restaurants that cater to my food allergies and this one definitely does. I love that they have gluten free,vegetarian, vegan, and free range options. The food is well done. Service can be slow and I don't like that they charge $3 for extra pita... Other than that this place is great if you're looking for a Pita Jungle type restaurant that is a lot healthier
5	This place is a little out of the way, but well worth the trip.  First time in and everything was splendid.  Had the spicy chicken wrap (unwrapped), and tried the garlic hummus...   both were perfect, services was excellent.  Will defiantly be back
3	I really wanted to love this place.  We showed up a little on the late side for dinner and there were only a couple of tables full.  The water is infused with cucumber and is pretty tasty.  We ordered a pizza.  My companion liked it but I thought the crust might have been frozen/processed.  Didn't taste like fresh made.  I had the puttanesca.  I was not a huge fan.  I actually had to add salt even with the capers.  The other dinner had a salad and wrap.  He liked it.  I would give this place a try again for sure.
1	$12 sloppy joe with a Kraft single on top!Raw dough on homemade bread!Tuna was dry!Disappointing to say the least. This was my second time and I will not return. The prices reflect that they are using top of the line ingredients which is not the case.I gave it 1 star because the server was nice.
3	Start with water tasting great infused with cucumber and mint. .. Appetizer was great got the 4 cheese spinach quesadilla.. I had them hold off on the Blue cheese. I got the spicy chicken wrap it was not good at all.. First the way it was plated with hot sauce all around the edges of the plate as if it was to make the dish look appealing. It just made it messy. 2nd it just falls apart . 3rd the flavor. 4rth just a big MUSH of beans broccoli and cauliflower. I will try the place again and try another plate.. a friend had the grass fed tacos and said he loved them.. they looked great from my end I will go back to eat just not for the spicy chicken wrap..
5	Went in for the first time tonight and it was delish!We got the build your own dip plate, and for $7 got 4 fantastic starters. The Jalapeno Hummus, Spinach and Artichoke dip, Jalapeno pesto, and Mozzarella all were fantastic. By the time we finished the starters though, we were quite satisfied.Then we got the Papardelli Pasta, which was so good. Also go the Pollo Fresco, it was good, but a heavy tomato taste that was a bit too much, at lease for me.Definitely check this place out. Well worth it.To the owner:You really need to get your menu up, but NOT in a PDF. It takes almost a minute to download and open. Those on their phones looking for a place to eat won't be able to get your menu.
3	I feel like the interior of "Herb 'n Flavors" is still developing, but the food and service is wonderful!  The menu offers selections for any dietary restriction you can throw at it.  I look forward to frequenting this establishment.
5	Great food! Healthy and definitely worth the price. Salmon and Veggies rocked! Lentil soup hit the spot!
5	I really enjoy the place. Everyone there is very nice. When I first went there, the service wasn't always the best (sometimes really slow) - but they were a new restaurant getting through their growing pains - what can you expect? I haven't had any issues in a while. The food is delicious and very reasonably priced. I love that they support local farmers. If you want healthy food at a good price - this is the place to go!
1	The owner is a bad human.  Sexist, liar and only is nice when  you are doing him a favor.
5	Was brought here by a friend a couple weeks ago. Fantastic,  fresh, flavorful food at an affordable price. :) Will definitely be returning.
4	Love the community atmosphere offered by Herb'n Flavors. My very, very favorite dishes are: - Lentil Soup - Kale and beet salad - Vegan cheese cake Staff is extraordinarily friendly, and the food is affordable.
5	Yes!!! Had the Chicken Fantasia and it was awesome! The place has a cool, mellow, vibe and the service was great. Will be back for sure!
1	Tuna sandwich was horrible. Dry tuna from a can and no flavor. Way too much bread and the top was burnt a little. Felt sick a couple hours later.
2	The menu is promising, but my lunch order (chicken kebabs with side salad, rice, and pesto) took at least 30 minutes to prepare in a nearly empty restaurant... and the chicken was dry.The plate was nicely presented and the salad was tasty. Water with lemon and mint is a nice touch.Just not sure why everyone's so crazy about this place...  2 stars means "Meh. I've experienced better." That's exactly how I feel about Herb 'n Flavors.
2	I have been wanting to try out this place for awhile now, and when my fiance recommended Pita Jungle, I suggested we try this place instead.  We ordered for take out.  Two stars because the gyros were really good, but the rest of the food was downright bad.  We ordered red pepper hummus which usually has a nice kick to it; this hummus tasted like we were taking a bite right into a lemon.  Seriously it was so bad my fiance likened it to eating lemon pledge; it didn't make any logical sense and it was inedible.  The pita bread served with the hummus also tasted pretty stale.  We also ordered the spinach and avocado salad; the ingredients were sad and the dressing literally had zero taste.  We were very disappointed with this place.
4	Really like their kabobs.  My family go their frequently and I have taken several friends there and they all love the food.
2	Journeyed back to this place, like I do, for a food item I had deified and talked about for ages - kind of a spicy Mediterranean burrito (!) with cauliflower, broccoli, and squash. It wasn't the taste sensation it was a year ago. I might have compromised it by leaving out the chicken, which might shed a reasonable light on their no-substitutions policy.After the wrap I had one of several Flavors of cheesecake they offer, but it was Etsy-style artisanal cheesecake, served in squat jars with watery crust. I generally avoid expensive hipster versions of things I like, but I know there are rabid fans of the stuff.My server was great, so I especially hated hearing her berated by her expeditor/supervisor for telling a table she would give them a few minutes to decide rather than asking if they needed time. Public dress-downs are a huge peeve of mine, and embarrassing your employees in earshot of anybody is lousy business/human practice.While I was eating my cheesecake jar, on the fence about the whole experience, two ladies arrived and were told to sit anywhere. Then they were asked to move, because they had chosen the owner's table, the owner's table which was empty in case he'd like to chill out there at some point, away from customer tables, like some kind of don.TLDR: The food wasn't as good as I remembered, and the people who run things appear to be self-important jerks.
4	Great organic food and good ambiance! School is close to here and we come here all the time. Love the grass fed tacos!
5	Very good. We had the topless burgers with spinach dip beet salad and steamed vegetables.  Ill definately be back
4	I came here for dinner with my friend before a concert at the Marquee. We were looking to try something new close to the theater, and Herb 'n Flavors popped up on Yelp. From the outside this place didn't look too promising, as it's in a dark strip mall behind a Burger King. We walked into the restaurant which was nicely decorated and did not match its exterior, and were seated promptly. We both ordered the green jasmine iced tea which was very good and flavorful. We discussed getting an appetizer, my friend had never had baba ganoush so we decided on that. We were given an option of pita chips, pita, or veggies. We decided on pita since that's what's traditionally served with baba ganoush, and our waitress told us that was a great choice since their pitas are homemade. My friend chose the papardelle for her entree, and I ordered the bun-less burger. The baba ganoush came out and it was a generous portion considering we ordered the small. It was very good mixed with quality olive oil, and was the perfect amount of creaminess mixed with smoky eggplant. I agreed with the waitress that we definitely made the right choice on the homemade pita. It was light, airy, and tasted quite good. I liked it so much that I didn't leave too much room for my entree. My burger was served with sauteed garlic and cherry tomatoes, it was full of flavor. It was came with a side of vegan spinach artichoke dip which I couldn't tell was vegan, and I chose hummus and fries as my side. The portion size was enormous, I could barely finish half. My friend's pasta was also a generous portion. I tried a bit of hers and it was really good too, lot's of flavor from the creamy sauce and rosemary.I don't go to Tempe very often to dine, but I will definitely return to Herb 'n Flavors!
5	Good food and a peaceful atmosphere. Try the G.L.T. !
5	Friendly and helpful staff! Relaxing environment. My number one choice when it comes to eating out and not feeling guilty about what I eat! I would recommend it to everyone!
5	As always Saber never fails to feed me with healthy, good food. The atmosphere is amazing as well as every thing amazing and if you have clients like I do take them here.
5	Really friendly services as well as very good food. The bruceta, I think it's spelled, was AMAZING! Definitely recommended for anyone who like to try new food.
1	I won't be coming back here. Everything looks nice but the taste is not very good. The meal just tasted fake.
5	I love this place! Amazing food, super flavorful and healthy, great service and great atmosphere! I'm back every weekend!
3	The food here is not amazing, however it was nice to come with some friends. The ambience is good for a group of five and the location is quite central. I have heard that some meals here we're very good. Mine in particular was mediocre. The French Fries were of a large size and I ate about half, The serving was pretty large. There are a lot of vegan and vegetarian options which is good for anyone. Don't worry though if you are a meat eater, these are meat options too! All in all.. I'd say go to green
2	Ugh! I was at a conference in Arizona and wanted to get away from my stuffy Resort and Spa. I found this place in a magazine (in retrospect it was probably a magazine that charges for ad space and then makes the ad appear as if it was a good review) and took the bus and light rail and walked a ways to get there. I was seated with a great view of the burger king drive through that was in the strip mall parking lot.I ordered two dishes with the friend I was with. A vegan tamale dish, and some kind of pollo dish. They were bad. Maybe we were there on a bad night, but this place just didn't have their stuff together. I don't remember the name of the pollo dish, or what it was supposed to be, but it was basically chopped up chicken with red sauce and mini-triangle slices of cheese pizza placed around the edges. This place I think does its best work in naming and describing their dishes, it's all down hill from there.
5	My favorite restaurant! Tons of vegan and vegetarian options, my favorites are the kale and beet salad, veggie pizza, tofu veggie rice bowl, and the amazing tofu kabob. Staff is nice, and it's usually pretty quiet and non-busy (good for conversationalists). Also shout-out to this place for making my past two Valentine's Days awesome!
5	Loved the Vegan Artichoke and spinach dip.
2	Good food but lacks professionalism.  I have been overcharged with different pricing than the menu on multiple occasions and disturbed by the repetition of beeping from a dying smoke detector battery to which the staff report has been on the brink for a while without any offer to resolve.  They do have a nice selection of vegan and gluten free options so I continue to go because it is near the discount theatre but dessert offerings are limited for GF.  Furthermore, you can't even find hours of operation on the website!
5	I am in love with their menu.  I can go out to eat with many healthy delicious options.  The owner asked my friend and I twice how everything was.  Food great, service great, we had a groupon and I will go back again even without one!They serve wine and beer and my cab was good!Great place for lunch or if you have a health conscious date.  I can even bring my meat and potato eating boyfriend here without too much squaking.Great ambiance and the bathrooms are clean!
5	My Wife and I found this place today, and I have to say the food was just Outstanding!  We will be back.
3	Good food,  but it's not a good place for a lunch date.  I have gone twice during my lunch break. I don't even have a strict lunch break so going over a little is fine and I'm a 2 minute drive away.  The first time my gyro wrap took so long to come out I had to inhale it so I could get out on time. I just thought maybe the back of the house was a bit busier so didn't think too much of it. The second time I brought a friend,  and my glt  sandwich and her chicken schwarma wrap took so long that we just had to have them wrap it to go. So much for a nice lunch date! :(We just ordered simple wraps/sandwiches, and the place was never even full both times so very disappointed in how slow it was. I did enjoy the food though. Portions are good,  and flavorful. I know ill never go back for sitdown (even without lunch hour constraints...it takes too long!). Would like to do takeout but if they quote a time I don't want to get there then have to wait really long for my takeout.
5	I absolutely love this place! I have to say I am shocked at the previous reviews and having been a customer since the grand opening I would like to address some of these points. The restaurant is located in a strip mall with a few other places. The exterior is not very fancy, but you are not paying fancy prices here either. Having moved to Phoenix from Portland, I have noticed that it is very difficult to find healthy and/or organic food options. When this place opened it was music to my ears!! Another review mentioned that their ingredient quality is inconsistent. During one of many conversations I have had with the staff here, I was informed that they buy from local farms. Unfortunately, we all know the Phoenix weather can make getting locally grown produce a little difficult. However, I'll take a mis-shaped juicy organic tomato any day knowing that I am contributing to my local economy. Lastly, I cannot believe people are saying the owner is rude. Him offering feedback to his employees is his job. He has always provided excellent customer service to myself and my grandparents also love visiting the restaurant and conversing with the staff. For first timers if you aren't sure what to order, try what I get: Spicy chicken wrap and iced tea. If you enjoy hummus, grab a tub of the jalapeno hummus on your way out!
4	I tried this place for the first time because they offer vegan, gluten free and organic food. I visited on a Wednesday afternoon from 2pm - 6pm. I was there for a late lunch  and ended up staying longer to work on their free wi-fi. The service was quick and the water they offer is cucumber infused. I started with the vegan spinach artichoke dip and had it with veggies. It was so delicious that I spooned it on to my vegan basil tomato soup and hot lentil spinach salad. Everything was very flavorful and served warm. I would go back just for the dip! Seriously great. The pita chips were a bit greasy for me but I usually don't eat fried foods. I also tried the vegan strawberry cheesecake. It was mildly sweet and came in a mason jar. It doesn't look like a cheesecake, more like a yogurt parfait, but it is vegan after all. The service was attentive without being intruding. Prices border on cheap to moderate. They also serve organic beer, wine and cocktails! I will definitely visit again.
2	My wife an I have dined at Herb N' Flavors twice now; we probably won't be back. Our first experience was good. I ordered the Puttanesca, she had something similar. We were both reasonably happy with our entrees, but the hummus and tomato soup were both outstanding. At $46 before tip, we both felt it was overpriced, despite the "local, organic" schtick. A few weeks later, I was craving the tomato soup, so we went again. This time, she had the Spinach and Artichoke Pizza, and in hope of something substantial, I ordered the Hamburger (with bun). We were both disappointed in our dishes this time around. Her pizza was a bit undercooked, and just didn't taste very good. My hamburger was a joke- dry and flavorless, Our server said it was because the beef was so lean, and grain-fed. Turns out, I would have rather been grain-fed for this meal. The only redemption for this visit was the tomato soup, and the tiramisu. $54 before tip, for two entrees, soup, dessert, and one drink; Ouch!Organic and local do not always mean delicious, but they do mean expensive.
5	This place is great! The atmosphere, the food, and the service is excellent! The hummuses and dips are to die for, and their entrees are even better! The owner is such a nice man and it's great to know that you can buy his hummus and dips locally at grocery stores. Highly recommend!!
5	So good! Went here after a work training. It wasn't too busy, the waitress was very attentive and the food (vegan tamales) were amazing!! I don't typically like tamales but these were to die for. I really like that all of the food is from local vendors but the prices were reasonable. I will definitely be back!
3	Wanted to like this place but most of the food is bland.  We have tried the burgers, chicken, hummus, spin dip, gyro and everything is ok just on the bland side.  We like the organic options, fresh ingredients, and the menu so we gave it three stars for fairly average flavor.
4	Was this menu invented for me? No, but i like to think YES! All organic!Super extensive menu for the picky non meat eating person. I ordered the vegetarian tamales. Artichoke and spinach and a jalapeno hummus. They were delicious. They also had a black bean/corn one which they were out of but did sound delicious! I also got veggie rice dish with kung pao sauce, beat salad and my cutie got the beef burger..which is was super pleased with. I will absolutely be a regular here and I'm looking forward to trying some other dishes that caught my eye. My only complaint was we made our order to go and didn't realize until we got home they forgot to pack our side hummus/chips..but I called and they were more than happy to let me come by again when I can and get that order picked up . Ill be back!
3	I really really REALLY want to like you guys but I likely won't be back.  You do have an interesting concept but I find dining there just too frustrating.  First off, every time I've been there, there is uncertainty about whether menu items are in stock.  The first time it took me three tries to actually order something.  Last time it was uncertain if you even had mustard of all things.Secondly, the service is just terrible.  I do get it, the relaxed "granola" style of business.  But the waits are far too long to even get an order in and my companion and I sat there with dirty dishes in front of us talking for fifteen minutes after we paid our bill at the request of our server--to finalize our payment halfway through our meal because she wanted to "clock out" (yet was still on the premises working when we left half an hour later).  It's just too stressful to dine like that no matter how good the food is.Unless someone drags me, I don't think I'll be returning.  Sorry.  :(
2	This was overall pretty bad.  I went in with high hopes of fresh ingredients and lots of...you know, herbs and flavors.  Our server was kind and attentive and I had a salad that a monkey could prepare well, so I'm giving two stars for those successes. But, my salad had no flavor besides a few olives to set it apart from a standard side salad you'd get for free at a Red Lobster or similar cheap chain.  The beets were just beets in a bowl, absolutely no flavor at all.  The margarita pizza my friend had was shocking considering this being advertised as a Mediterranean/Italian fusion spot, and she didn't have the heart to send it back.  It was clearly a cheap (or poorly, previously made) frozen pizza that they tried to disguise by throwing a couple of slices of tomato and a few sprinkles of unfrozen (note that I'm not using the word "fresh") cheese on.  She was starving and swallowed parts of two pieces, then I took the rest home thinking my husband or father would eat it since they'll eat almost anything, especially in pizza form.  Even they wouldn't eat it, so that was $8 or so in the trash.  I hate writing bad reviews without talking to the staff to give them an opportunity to fix it, but it was pretty clear that there was no pride or care given to the foods served there.  It was not the waiter's fault and no "chef" that allowed that kind of food to be sent out to a table would make a fresh pizza and flavorful second batch of beets had we sent them back.
3	I, like other reviewers, wanted to like this place. It was fine. The pizza and vegan spinach and artichoke dip aren't very good. I ordered two sides as my main: rice and lentils, and sauteed veggies. The rice and lentils was a big portion (took half home) and tasted good (a little salty). The cauliflower and broccoli (though I had been promised mushrooms, too) were tasty (lemon & garlic), but not worth $8. The green iced tea was good, and free refills! It's fine but needs to improve.
4	Food was good, service was good! Salmon was cooked as requested, sides were tasty. I would recommend and go again!
5	Outstanding organic and gluten free menu. Been here twice and both times the good was excellent. If you are trying to eat clean support this place. Great stuff.
5	While Pita Jungle is wonderful....Herb n Flavors is OUTSTANDING!!!! Staff is so nice (even if your picky) and the food is out of this world yummy!!! Even the water is Amazing!! So worth the trip!!!! I can't wait to go again!!!!
2	We ordered the Spinach salad and Greek salad. We ordered the large portion ($10 vs $8). It was barely enough. The taste was good. Overall the place didn't seem too clean. I might give it a second chance.
5	Amazing gluten free options and friendly staff. Jasmine iced tea was delicious. Never had a problem here!
3	Pretty decent food with all organic and local produce. Everything I've had has been  good though a bit inconsistent after repeated visits- I would recommend the Caprese burger, chicken shawarma wrap, sauteed broccoli, and the falafel fries. Wait staff has always been friendly and nice. Love the cucumber, lemon, and mint infused water they serve, too!
4	Herb 'n Flavors suffers from a lame name and horrible location, but it's close to my apartment and serves exactly the food I'm looking for. I love when servers know all the ingredients in their dishes and can help me find the right fit for my strict diet.Our server (Brent, I think?) was terrific and clever. He guided me to the warm lentil and spinach salad, which was delicious, and my date loved her gyro.This place is the real deal for vegetarians, healthy eaters and sugar-free diets.
3	I live in the area and was so excited for a place like this close to my house, especially because I strongly believe in only eating organic.  However, I was kind of disappointed... perhaps I ordered the wrong thing.  I ordered the regular burger (with grass fed beef), with fries and hummus on the side.  All of it was really bland and seemed like cheap ingredients.  The beef was decent, they served it with white bread :/, one tomato and a bit of iceberg lettuce.  The fries tasted like frozen fries you put in the oven.  Not worth the $13, plus the cost of a drink and a tip...
5	My date and I tried this place because of the previous Yelp reviewers. I give it 5 stars and recommend it to anyone hungry for a wide variety of Mediterranean and Italian fusion food. It was well spiced, plentiful and served with a smile. We have Ovi as our server he total ROCKED!!! The restaurant was clean with an alright ambiance. Prices were good about like Red Robin. I will recommend to friends and family for sure!
5	Came here with a group of peeps, all with various eating styles. We had a paleo, a vegan, an 'I only eat meat and carbs' and myself who will eat almost anything; the menu had something for everyone! I love that they break their menu up so the vegans, vegetarians and gluten free eaters don't have to question every item listed. I ended up ordering the chicken tacos with a side of steamed veggies, it was delicious. We were all so sad to see such a great concept be fairly empty for a Friday night, could be the bad location (unfortunately, Herb n Flavors is blocked by Burger King). I hope this place has a long life, we will definitely be back!
5	Not sure why this place is getting such mixed reviews.  Went with a friend for the first time last night and we had an excellent experience.  The waitress was very friendly and courteous, and made sure we were happy with our orders and kept our water glasses filled.  We decided to split their vegan tamales and chicken tacos, and both dishes were outstanding.  I'm actually not usually a fan of tamales in general, but theirs were flavorful, nice amount of filling, and the maza was just the right amount of thickness.  The chicken tacos were just as flavorful and very well portioned with lots of chicken.  We both enjoyed the food immensely and said we would definitely be back to visit again.
4	Good customer service
4	I have been here on several occasions for lunch/dinner. Service was good, food is good, prices are decent. I always order the gyro and hummus for an app. I just wish they served rice with the gyro! I love rice.
4	Herbs n Flavors was excellent!!! My mom is on a strict diet and their food was perfect for her. Not bland full of flavor and tons of choices.  We will be back the next time we are in town
5	I came to the place expecting to be disappointed given the moderately high prices, the location and the fact that it was fairly empty at the time. However, the amount of food that I was served definitely justified the price. My boyfriend and I ordered falafel fries, the spicy chicken wrap and the lentil soup. All that ended up providing us both with two meals! Pretty good value if you ask me. Plus, the lentil soup and spicy chicken wrap were delicious. The falafel fries were pretty good, but a little dry. I would order everything again.I encourage everybody to try this place!
2	Went here for lunch today.It has a cool atmosphere and a good looking menu.I ordered the Chicken Shawarma wrap with a side of sweet potato fries. It wasn't that great to be honest. It needed more seasoning and the sauce tasted like runny sour cream. The sweet potato fries were good. Perfect crisp and good flavour, but still lacked a bit of seasoning.The service was excellent.I really wanted to like this place, and maybe I just ordered poorly, but it was a bit disappointing.
5	Ordered take out from here tonight. They told me it would take 15 min and as I was walking in, they were putting it in a bag... Perfect timing! This had been on my list for awhile and now that I live down the street I'll definitely come more! I got the spicy chicken wrap and it was still so hot when I got home. Very flavorful and veggie loaded! Would get it again. Hoping to eat in next time.
2	I hate leaving a place feeling the way I did after dining at Herb 'n Flavors.  I was excited that it was vegan and organic food but, unfortunately, it disappointed--terribly.  The place lacks focus, it's Mediterranean food but also serves "Mexican," Asian and Italian. I suppose I should have stuck to it's specialty fare (Mediterranean), but the waiter recommended the tamales.  They were interesting, to say the least. Black bean and corn is normal enough but they also had an olive tapenade tamale and I don't know what other flavors with a side of vegan spinach dip, which I am not a big fan of on its own, let alone on Mexican food. The veggie pizza was okay, as far as vegan pizza is concerned but it was undercooked and the crust, like the masa, was bland.  I also had a mojito, which was not very good.  The flavor was strong and not in a good way. Vegan cheesecake was for dessert--really, we should have just left after our disappointing entrees and called it a day. There was nothing cheese, or cake about that dessert. I mean, I have had plenty of vegan cheesecakes that somewhat resemble it but but this was just a chunky mess in a jar.  I want the place to do well because I am an advocate for local, organic and vegan food but it needs to make some changes... including the indoor temperature. It was so hot in there, everyone was fanning themselves and they still didn't lower the temperature from 83 degrees. I know it was 83 because the thermometer was right above our table. Anyway I will go back because we got a Groupon but I'm going to stick to the Mediterranean food in hopes that it's better.P.s. The tamales tasted better at home, cold as olive tapenade and hummus should be.
5	Everything was so yummy and fresh! They have so many choices as well for vegetarians and gluten free eaters. It's a great vibe with friendly service! Awesome lunch spot!
4	Came for the funny name, but stayed for the good food. Boyfriend took me here once because of the extensive GF options. We shared the Caprese as an appetizer - not bad, but even I can prepare that. He had something that he enjoyed and I had the shawarma. It was delicious. I definitely want to come back. Any place that he can eat and I enjoy is a good place in my book.
5	Saber knows how to cook good clean food!!! I typically eat here 1-2 times a week... I always get their grass feed topless burger. Always cooked to perfection,  topped with a creamy butter,garlic tomato mix. The fries are awesome- regular or sweet potato!  The sauted veggies have this simple yet irresistible flavor!I work at the school down the street and we often cater from Herb N Flavors - guests are always amazed by the food we serve. This is a local business that cares about their customers and the quality of their food.
4	Cute little place, modern with out being trendy. The ecletic menu has manu options for veg and others.I opted for the top of the line dish, the mahi, with a sweet glaze ontop a bed of hummus. It has a slightly fishy aroma but it was well cooked and the flavors were clean. For me the real winner here is the falafel fries. They are offered as a side dish and you would be mistaken for not giving them a try.
4	Good food. Service is a bit slow and its a bit dark inside, but amazing lentil and spinach salad. Kale and beet salad also good. Only let down was the burger and the falafel fries which were overcooked.
2	Was really disappointed by the food.  I had the burger which was way overcooked.  A shame to ruin all of that good hamburger meat by cooking out all the juices.    Bun was soggy also, bleh.  Also had the falafel fries which were way overcooked.  Sweet potato fries were good though.Took forever to get food... Maybe cause it was labor day?
5	great organic and paleo spot.  Been here 3 x already- have not been disappointed yet.
3	Service- 5 stars!Babaganoush- way oily.  2 starsSpinach artichoke dip- oily. 3 starsVeggie Delight pizza- 5 stars! Great crust, vegan cheese & veggies!Tofu kabob- 1 star. Over cooked. Really dry. Falafel fries- practically burnt to a crisp. 1 star. Rice & lentils- okay, nothing extraordinary. 4 stars
3	The food was good, but the wait time was not. Ordered a hummus plate that took 15 minutes. How long does it take to put hummus on a plate and heat a pita bread up? There was only one other couple in the restaurant too. The service was okay.. Nothing good or bad to say.
5	The only thing I don't like about this place is the name.  The name is a bit cheesy and hard to remember.  The food was absolutely excellent.  The hummus is heavy on lemon (my favorite) has some texture to it.  The chicken tacos were superb as was the organic apricot ale.  The gluten free chocolate cake was like a large slice of ganache.  The portions are extremely generous and our server was very helpful.  I just wish I lived a little closer.  :)
5	I came because of a really great Groupon offer Herbs n' Flavors had and was thoroughly impressed.  The food was surprisingly reasonably priced considering the local and organic ingredients.  Less high quality places are so expensive that the Groupons offered only cover a portion of the meal, but not here.  All that I needed to pay for was my drink and tip.  In addition to being some of the most delicious food I've had in the Valley at any price, the portions were large enough for me to get two meals out my sandwich order.  The hummus appears smaller than it actually is, too.  I really like this place, and highly recommend it.
3	This place was just ok. We ordered a gyro. Tasted good. Not enough meat!  Got to the end of the gyro and there was 3 inches with no meat? !No one ever checked on us (we sat out front) to see if we needed a drink refill,  etc.When the server finally came out to get our plates,  it was 15 minutes before he brought out our check. Won't return,  but nice enough place.
5	The falafel is amazing whether you get it in fry or wrap form.  Great hummus and baba ganoush.  The staff was super friendly and they played "Moves Like Jagger" like five or six times, which led to a lot of laughs as they tried to figure out how to stop it.  A very memorable dining experience.
5	I absolutely love this restaurant! They really truly care about their customers. Every time I come in I get excellent customer service and I know what I'm eating is healthy. The owner is also not far and usually makes an appearance which I love.
5	Great vegetarian and vegan options! Service was fantastic and the best part is that they cook with all local products!
4	This place was really good. It's really hard to find organic options that are reasonably priced. They had very flavorful food and its prepared as healthy as possible. We'll be back!
5	Excellent.  The portions were generous and the food delighted every taste bud. If you want real food then this is your ticket.
