5	NOTE: Bon Breads Bakery is a wholesaler only so you can't buy their bread at the bakery location because they don't have a certain business license. They only sell their bread to the general public at Mario Batlali's Farmer's market on Thursdays. (see here: http://www.yelp.com/biz/mario-batalis-farmers-market-las-vegas)The Skinny: artisan bread bakery/wholesaler who supplies the best baked goods to a lot of famous restaurants on the Strip - for a really good reason. Really - manna from heaven (5).I discovered this bread company after reading that they supply their bread to Todd English's P.U.B.. Curious, I was wanting to try this place for a while after finding out they also supply artisan bread to such places like Aureole,  Fleur de Lys, Jean George, and Picasso. (see here ://www.bonbreads.com/paginas/clients.html)Luckily, they were there at Mario Batali's market and I was able to scoop up a still warm white chocolate batard (yes, that's what they call it - a white chocolate bastard) from them for $4. And let me tell you it's the best tasting bastard I've ever had.There are no words to describe the amazing texture of this dense, yet airy loaf. Flavours of white chocolate married well with the nuts really make this bread outstanding. It goes especially with artisan cheese such as a nice brie or a chevre.I was skeptical about the pricing of their bread but now they've made me a believer. I do believe I will shell out $9 next time just to try their brioche. (yes, you heard me - $9 for a loaf a bread).
5	Update: they sell their goods at Mario Batali's Market on Thursdays and fresh52 market on Sundays in Henderson. They don't sell their bread at the location listed above.The Skinny: oh my god... white chocolate-cinnamon brioche (5).Bought a white choclate-cinnamon brioche loaf today for $9. I never thought I'd say this but it is worth every penny. The smell of baked cinnamon goodness just wafts within 10 ft of the loaf. It's a lighter brioche than what I'm used to, but still really good.  I also suspect it will make killer French Toast.Also got a nice multigrain-cranberry batard for $4 but gave it away to a friend. (Let me tell you, she's a great friend or else I would have kept it for myself). Will have to try this next week.
5	We use their breads at our restaurant. They are always consistent. Carlos is an amazing baker. Get your "Bon On"every Thursday morning at molto Vegas farmers market. The feta batard and the bacon batard are stupid delicious!
5	Best Bread Ever!! I just finished eating white chocolate bread from Bon Breads (I got it @ henderson farmers market on sundays) and it is to die for! Don't buy it if you need to watch your figure, because I'm sure all that sweet and sticky things are nothing but simple carb... but it's definitely worth it. I think they supply this at Carmel Room @ JW Mariott, I remember 3 years ago, I had a dinner there and I encountered this unforgettable bread. Well, now I know where to get it without spending $$$ !!
5	This is how bread is supposed to be made! I DARE you not to love these hand-crafted, artisan loaves of heaven.  Most are made from like 4 ingredients (flour, yeast, salt, water -- HELLO! VEGAN!!), but they also have some fancy-schmancy flavors like brioche and something with chocolate chips.  I make a bee-line to their stand at Molto FarMar, because they sell out fast!! I can't resist the giant baguettes (only $3 and they are huge), and one will barely make it to the car before I'm tearing off hunks and snacking while driving.  That's right, it's bread worth risking your life for.
5	At Farmer's Market on Vegas Drive and Rampart, Summerlin, last week I got Bon Bread and can not wait until next Wed. to get more.  I gotthe multigraindouble batard.  My husband and can't keep our hands off it. I would like to know the exact ingredients as it only states on label; flour, water, yeast and salt.  It has grains and tastes like some oil is in there.It is wonderful!Thanks to Bon Breads Baking Co.
5	Thanks to Candace C's original review and Charyll R's recent information that Bon was now available at the Farmer's Market in Bruce Trent Park, I went this afternoon and bought two batards--a multi-grain with cranberry and a white chocolate one. I had two small slices of the multi-grain with dinner tonight and it is superb!  I will have to ration myself carefully with this bakery delight.  This is the kind of bread that if you got it in a basket in a restaurant, you'd say, "Wow!  This is really good!  I wish I could buy this."  Now I can and so can you!This really is artisan bread!  No wonder they deliver to the best restaurants in Las Vegas and other than a couple of farmer's markets, the goods are not available to the public.  Go and give Bon a try!
5	I just tried their sourdough slide bread and it was amazing! It was something I've tasted in many fancy nearby restaurants. I found out the breads are sold regularly at Resnicks Grocery in downtown Las Vegas near the corner of Las Vegas Blvd and just north of Charleston Blvd. As I've seen in past reviews you can't just have one slice. It was tempting to have more!
4	The four stars is for the smell. Don't make the same mistake as me and expect them to sell from the location that's marked on the map.A little mad, yes. I drove down there and smelled some awesome bread-y smells but was turned away at the door. Sorry we don't sell direct to the public the guy says. I felt a small part of me die inside.Soooo still have yet to taste any but from the smell I can assume it's pretty damn good.
4	We have enjoyed their wonderful artisan breads and rolls numerous times in several restaurants and are happy to learn they recently opened a retail outlet.
5	I picked up a loaf of multi grain bread at the Leeds farmers market. Tasty and not too dry or dense like some whole wheat breads can be. I can definitely see this replacing my usual loaf.I went to Town Square just to find out where there retail location is. It is toward the back entrance of Tommy Bahama (across from the Hollywood Hat Shop)  They seem to have everything there as well.
5	Remember the baskets of  delicious breads you get a fine dining experience, Bon Breads is it! I discovered them at Town Square while picking up some makeup from MAC. Its right betweent to MAC and this sunglass store . Its a little hidden, bit if you look hard enough there is a old bicycle that sit right in front with baskets of bread on the front and back of it. I always get the parmesan loaf bread or the bacon & onion, which I make panini's at home. Ive also order the chocolate rolls or pretzel breads from them when I have dinner partys, guest love them. But you do have to order them in advance, and  it takes two days or so for them to get in the retail store for pick up. I love this place.. do a little shopping and pick up some bread for the family!
5	Best bread ever! I used to buy their bread when it was only sold at the various farmers markets in town, but now they have a location at Town Square. Their White Chocolate Batard is amazing. Their Bacon Onion Batard is amazing! I would eat anything from there just because I have never had a bad experience!
5	After this place, I never want to buy bread at a supermarket EVER again (unless it's sprouted grain bread!) THIS is how bread is supposed to be made!!!I've caught them a couple times at the Farmer's Markets during the week, and didn't realize they had a location relatively close to me (which has got me REALLY excited!) Not only is their bread not filled with a ton of preservatives, you really get the bang for your buck... the loaves are HUGE! Mine lasted me nearly two weeks, and bread usually goes quick in my household within a week or less. I love how there is only four basic ingredients they use (except the ones where they add flavors here and there), I'm definitely a fan of this place!
5	The Skinny: I'd sell my first born for their white chocolate batard  and a loaf of brioche(5) they have a permanent location! (5) Value: expensive but still the best there is (5).Okay, I was super jived to find that Bon Bread now has a permanent location in Town Square. After hitting Artisanal Foods, we really needed some carbs to round out our meal of Iberico tenderloin, 2 types of truffle butter and Wild Current preserves. So we hit Bon Breads, of course!Note to self: this place is pretty hard to find. Added to the fact that the directory of Town Square is like 2 years out of date which doesn't help.Here are the directions: it's located next to the Sunglass Icon shop that's at the intersection of North Street and North Main Street. For the fashionistas, it's across the street from Lucky Brand Jeans.  You'll see the bike outside with a bunch of bread in it. That's the store front.We got a baguette ($3) and a white chocolate batard ($6). I did mention that it was pricey bread but it's of excellent quality. Given the dry environment here, you'll need to wrap it up in a plastic bag to keep the moisture in if you're planning on eating in a few days. From my recollection, their bread has certainly increased in price from their farmer market days (there's an increase to $11 for a loaf of brioche). However, the quality is still excellent.
4	Bon Breads is nestled in a tiny nook of Town Square. This shop reminds me of a place that Jamie Oliver would frequent on his old show Oliver's Twist. There are different breads displayed wall to wall. We bought some Cibatta bread and a raspberry chocolate type of bread. The breads are really delicious and addicting . We finished the Cibatta bread in about a day and a half . We live across town and this was well worth the trip!
5	I personally know Carlos the owner from Bon breads bakery. He's breads are amazing. There no artificial in them what soo ever. What can I say if you love breads you'll love bon bakery.
5	While the quality of bread can't be beat, I kinda hate going in here.  The place is so tiny and the salesperson is usually so damn charming that I must buy something!  You walk in, they offer some samples, go over all the new breads and I feel like a total scumbag for being a moocher.  I always walk out with bread in hand.The free baguette with a Yelp check-in is a pretty incredible offer.  I like any of the breads that contain bacon, sun-dried tomato, raisin, chocolate, cheese or onion.  So I guess I like every bread they got.  Since their items have no preservatives, this is "consume the day you buy" stuff.  Otherwise the baguette could be used as a lethal weapon by the third day at home.
5	Located in a remote side alley in Town Square Shopping Center, there is a hidden carb oasis of a bakery called Bon Breads Bakery Co.  It is a relief and joy to have an artisanal bakery shop open to the public in Las Vegas, and being relatively close to our side of town, we frequently shop there like a corner bakery.This store is different than a pattiserie, no croissants or danishes here; instead you will find unique and one of a kind bread loaves that will tempt you with their ingredients.Now that we're starting to see the emerging independent artisan shops popping up in Vegas, it's starting to transform itself from a tourist-centric city into a community of urban dwellers who have the taste level for quality products and service.Walking into this tiny shop, there is a relatively small selection of breads; here it's not about quantity but quality. The interior is set up as a modern French country, with Baguettes and loaves of bread set up in wicker baskets along the walls.  In addition, they sell fruit jams from Oregon Shippers.  We tried a couple of them; they were absolutely delicious!                                   Master Baker Carlos Pereira has been baking and serving bread wholesale to all the Casinos in Vegas since 1999, and now her has set up shop to serve the public with his delicious, carb loaded creations.  Read about his bio and the history of Bon Breads on the website, it will make you appreciate the art of bread making and the dedication of one man in culinary industry. And it's great that he is part of Las Vegas history; it gives a sense of pride about this place!Cherry Walnut Bread: We tried something different this time; we bought the Cherry Walnut Bread; this bread had a heartier texture, with the sweet tartness of the cherries mixed with the nutty walnut, this was a delicious departure from our mainstay breads.There are no preservatives in Bon Breads, so you have to consume them relatively soon- a good tip if you think you wanna buy a lot and save them for later.  This is more in the tradition of European bakery tradition, where shoppers would go everyday to the bake shop for their daily bread.White Chocolate Bread: The White Chocolate Bread is our absolute favorite; it has a fresh, soft chewy texture with bits of white chocolate sweetness that is terribly addictive.  it does not last very long in the house; it's perfect with our morning rocket fuel coffee!We are so excited that this bakery is available to us and hope that it stays here for a very long time!!
3	Its a hard place to find just cause its not like the other stores where it faces out its in its own little alcove behind another store. Even with the map I was circling around and around cause I coudn't see it. Next to Tony Bahamas you have to go down the tiny alley to get to the storefront. They should put up a sign or something so people know its there. Its a small room with a small selection in-store maybe 7 or 8 different breads and some drinks you can make one circuit around to see what they have it would be nice if you could know what breads they happen to be selling on a particular day on their website or even a list of their breads. The Parmesan Lavash and breadsticks were pretty good would buy them again. I don't know if it was cause it was the holidays but it seemed like a lot of the bread had cranberries. I wanted more savory bread like cheese or onion but I must have missed it or they weren't selling it that day sigh. And boy its always awkard when its only one salesperson its kind of like you have to buy something or you were a waste of their time.
5	OMG OMG OMG  The White Chocolate Bread is so incrediable; it has a fresh, soft chewyness with bits of white chocolate WARNING this bread is  terribly addictive. Couldn't help but start it on my ride home :p Also got the parmesan french bread... OMG YUMMMMMY!!!!!!!! The associate was so sweet and she was super helpful!!!! This will become a staple in my kitchen
4	While reminiscing about food and drink in Europe, one of my colleagues at the office mentioned Bon Bakery in Town Square and its artisan breads.  It warranted a visit, so I ventured out...........and, oh, what lovely discovery!  A quaint, little shop just like in Europe (yes!!!), very clean (yes!!!), and save for some jars of fruit spreads, stocked with nothing but a myriad of specialty breads (yes, yes, yes!!!).   I did not get there before 4:00pm in the afternoon, but there was still some bread to be had.  Since my family is not into sweet kind, I took home a Kalamata Olive and Feta Cheese batards.  At $6.00 each (vs. $3.50 for a loaf from La Brea Bakery), they were rather pricey but worth it!!!  So delicious!  Definitely not my last trip - this will be place to frequent, especially when in need of good loaf of bread to serve for special occasions.  Great service, too!
4	I consider myself a serious bread whore (hello, look at my belly!). So when me and the Mister started settling into our new LV digs I started a mission to find some killer artisan bread to replace my beloved MJ Breads in Phoenix. After kissing and tasting some serious bread frogs around the city I finally discovered Bon Breads while wandering around Town Square. When we walked in I instantly became moist around the lips, I had to eat this bread! We bought 5 loaves however one of them didn't even make it to the car. Amazingly chewy, lightly crisp and a tender open crumb I have to tell ya, these guys over at Bon know what they are doing.
5	The bread is amazing! I love the feta batard and the white chocolate bread. The pretzel bread is amazing too when they have it.
2	I love the whole idea of Bon Breads.   A cute little outpost located in Town Square so that I can easily pick up some fresh bread for dinner.  I love the sounds of the  flavors: Bacon & Onion, Manchego & Raisin.  I love the free check-in offer.  I just don't love the bread.I admit I am horribly spoiled by spending many years surrounded by superior bread in another town.  So, should I just go ahead and lower my standards already?  Bakery after bakery, I just don't find the places that use slow proof times to develop that wonderful "bread" flavor that should come through no matter how much bacon you add.  The crust should have a bit of substance and the interior crumb was just not good on either of the two loaves I bought.  I did end up freezing one and it made good croutons.Service was a bit surly, so no bonus stars there, either.
4	There are two kinds of people in this world: Bread eaters and rice eaters.  I personally fall in the rice category and don't eat bread too often, but dear lord is there white chocolate bread GOOD.  I could seriously eat a whole loaf to myself- and nearly did in one day.  Don't leave Bon Breads without getting yourself a loaf!Tip: This place is hard to find and is not visible from the street.  You should probably call if you get lost trying to look for this place.
5	The best I've had in Vegas as we all know Vegas Isn't known for bread LOL
5	Their bread is heavenly. Have I had better breads? Yes (cue in Thomas Keller), but I'm a huge fan of Bon Breads and the great access you have to their arsenal makes this spot a must. A few tips: obviously, go in the morning because they bake it fresh in the valley; check out their bread of the week that they offer for half the price (a wonderful way to try a new flavor); and get a stamp card! I've enjoyed everything I've tried and my favorites are the BACON AND ONION BATARD and WHITE CHOCOLATE BATARD. The brioche loaves and rolls are also amazing. It'll change your life. Oh, and if you've had bread at your favorite restaurant in town and thought to yourself, "OMGOSH," it was most likely from Bon Breads - their client list is vast and impressive (they supply a list on their website). And we're fortunate to be able to visit a retail storefront for the same quality bread to enjoy at home. I've served several flavors of their batards with simple or flavored (they sell them there!) extra virgin olive oils or with cured meats and cheeses for guests and it's always a hit! I've also prepared French toast with their WHITE CHOCOLATE BRIOCHE and it was fantastic! Batards are $12 each and may seem a bit much, but it's worth it. It also makes a wonderful snack when your kids are playing at the Town Square park or just walking around the mall.
4	I love bread. That's all there is to it. So when I experienced my first loaf of bread from Bon Breads, it was bliss.I discovered the shoe closet sized outlet at TownSquare one day when shopping for who knows what. They have a bicycle and a basket full of artisan breads parked right in front. Seeing that really drew me in.They slice you up samples of their wonderful bastards. My first was their white chocolate walnut batard. Oh my YUM! It's crusty on the outside and beautifully moist on the inside. When you take your first bite, you get a nice chew that only artisan breads can provide. But then the flavor profiles start to come together and you get a hint of sweetness from the white chocolate, then the nuttiness of the walnuts. Altogether, it's so wonderful that you literally don't need any further accompaniments. I took 2 loaves to go. It's that good.I go back every other week and have tried their other fine carbs such as their feta bread (nice and herby-packs a punch) and their Parmesan lavash which I could eat in one seating.The only drawback is the size of the outlet itself. I love bread and I love bakeries and wished I could get both. Their supplies are extremely limited yet they have a menu of all other types they create. So why not expand and provide everything from the get go. This I will never understand but call me a fan for life.
5	Great tasting bread!
3	The next time you can splurge and indulge in carbs, taste their white chocolate walnut bread.  Yes, I inhaled it.  Definitely had to control myself from eating it in one sitting.  Good bread in Las Vegas.  Get there early though before 3pm as their breads fly off the shelves.
3	Like many others, I am a bread addict. Any great, aromatic bread, I can finish in a sitting and hate my life shortly after. What's a few thousand calories here and there? Thing is, Bon Breads does not make great aromatic bread. They make bread that looks really pretty, but doesn't live up to the promise. Let me explain. The appearance is that of a nice Italian or French piece, but darker. You expect a hard, crispy shell that flakes apart, but it's just super thick and actually pretty soft. Inside is a very dense dough with some air in it. The whole creation is quite heavy. It isn't bad, but something about it isn't awe-inspiring. It just doesn't live up to the promise of its looks. To me, a good artisan bread has the crispy and flaky light brown crust, it has the light and airy dough inside. It begs to be eaten. This just doesn't. It's just heavy bread made with [I'm sure] good ingredients and good intention.Oh yeah, I didn't mention the other big one - $6 a loaf! Listen, not even the finest breads exceed $3-4. This is kind of an insult, but if you can get some bread on special - great! Otherwise, go to Patisserie Manon and get a hard shell baguette for way cheaper, and enjoy it more. I'm genuinely surprised people love this place so much.
5	Just discovers this place. The white chocolate bastard is to die for. :). This certainly is a hidden gem at the town square.
