2	We went to Onyx, the "fine dining" part of the building for a beer pairing dinner.Decent looking room, all though it was lit wrong.The service was friendly but the food was simply awful.  I understand that it can be hard to put out a dinner for 50 people, but this crossed the line.   We waited an hour between the third and fourth courses and then didn't want to eat our lamb.Our other courses consisted of a "short rib" that was basically beef jerky, a steak salad that was swimming in dressing while managing to have most of the lettuce dry, and a store bought brownie in watery vanilla sauce.The highlight of our night was when a waiter came over and took our picture and told me that I looked like I wanted to punch someone.   My response: "He's probably wearing a chef's jacket"
1	Ive always wanted to visit bc it doesnt look like your average bar. However the service was horrible. It seems like its a place that only caters to their older regular crowd. There were a number of things that were rude:1. The hostess looked like a deer caught in the headlights. She provided no info about the establishment and was not at all warm and welcoming2. The older male bartender advised me and my two friends to sit at the part of the bar with no machine games, JUST IN CASE the other patrons wanted to hop games3. He was very persistent that we needed to order our drinks before we can order our food4. In an effort to be nice, my friend asked "what drinks do you make best" he looked at her in acknowledgment and pointed to me for my order , thus ignoring her5. As i cash out from playing black jack for 5.50. He ask me to play again so i could lose and he only has to give me an even 5. He proceeds to start pressing the buttons for me.This place may he lovely its regulars, but it cant be good for business to treat new comers like this. Not to mentions the spinach dip was like white nacho dip with green clumps in it
4	For those Las Vegans who may remember the great food from North Beach Cafe, well Ozzie is back, running the restaurant of the same name inside Bogey's Bar. We've been twice now, and all our favorites on on the menu: we have tried caprese, house salad, chicken Marsala, fish of the day (Basa), salmon, and a fettuccini pizza, all were really good. Wine was very reasonably priced, and the cool bar seating is still there. The gaming bar is on the other side, so the dining area was nice and quiet and relaxed, good for conversation with family. Great neighborhood gem.
3	So... it's a neighborhood place - nothing more, nothing less.  The service all depends on how busy they are - if they are slow, you can expect good service. If they are busy, not so much.  BUT - I love their chicken wings and fries! Any time I have a craving for chicken wings, I end up here!
1	What can I say...I've driven by numerous times over the years, each time thinking I really should give this place a try. Well...I finally did and in hindsight...should have kept right on driving.  I decided one Wednesday night to make plans to meet a friend there after work for drinks and dinner.  I purposely avoided looking at the Yelp reviews as I wanted to form my own opinion and not be swayed one way or another.  I arrived 1st and entered the bar side of the building.  Very nice building and grounds, everything was well kept up as I know it has been there for some time.  Upon entering I noticed every seat at the bar was full and the only seating was at side tables.  Numerous flat screen TV were hung over the bar showing various sporting events and what appeared to be an old black and white movie.I picked a seat close to the door giving me a view of the whole place.  I spent a few minutes trying to find if they had wifi - they didn't, and then checking in.  It was then that I noticed something strange.  It was dead quiet in the place.  No one talking, no sound from any of the TVs, but silence.  Every once in a while you could hear someone hit  the buttons on video poker, but that was about it.Finally a man came in and announced "your chariot arrived" and I swear 90% of the bar up and left within minutes, hardly saying a word.  It was like someone had rung the dinner bell in prison and the inmates assembled and headed to the chow hall.  I decided to take a seat at the bar and take a look at their menu.  The bartender didn't ask what I wanted to drink, but made a drinking jester with his hand and smiled at me.  I asked what they had on tap, but was told..."just bottles".  When I asked for a list of beers..."what do you drink, I'm sure I have it?"  I ordered a New Castle and he delivered it without a word minutes later.The bartender then held up a menu and gestured if I wanted to see it, again without saying a word.  Thankfully my friend arrived minutes later to experience the same thing, or I would have sworn I was in a Twilight Zone episode.  My friends  exchange follows:Bartender points at him -What's on tap?Just BottlesDo you have a list?What do you want?Dos EquisWe don't got it.Modelo?Nope!......Coors Light?????Minutes later bartender returns with a Coors Light.  I think he is docked  pay if he speaks more than 10 words an hour!  We spent the next few minutes reviewing the menu, then asked how large was the Italian Nachos?  "I don't like them and aren't very good...don't get them!" the bartender replies as he walks by.  So we asked about how big the pizza was?  "ahhh...it's a pizza...it's normal size!"  We just decided to order and take our chances.  My friend then notices how quiet it is and that we are the ONLY ones talking.  We asked the bartender what is this place like on Sunday during the games? "We show all the games."   I truly felt like we were in some alternate dimension, but  played along."All the games, so who determines which game has sound then?"  The bartender gets this puzzled look on his face and finally responds "I don't know, I work M-F."  With that said...plenty of parking, clean and well kept up facility, the beer was cold, the pizza was average and I could safely answer the Yelp question regarding how noisy the venue was...it was like a morgue!
1	Went once and it will be my last. There were two ladies working there and a group of 5 playing poker to the side of the bar. I sat at the bar for AT LEAST 15 minutes (mind you no one else but the poker players were there) until I was greeted. It took ANOTHER 10 minutes to get a drink. Service is horrible.
