4	Only seems right to grab an ice cream after getting a haircut and a new look,I have always liked their dilly cars & chocolate dipped soft serve cones. I also like the truffle blizzard-a small is more than plenty.This location serves burgers,hot dogs & chicken too.A small eat in area but very fast & friendly service.Too bad they didn't have a location like this near my house.
1	This is an account of a botched quest to get my first "first"; and instead of landing my first review, winding up on a wild, 11-mile goose chase only to have the attempt blow up squarely in my face.  It all started a few days ago when I was looking in the Yelp directory of businesses for other locations of Dairy Queen near me besides the one on Craig.  I just felt like getting a Dairy Queen sundae.  As I perused the directory, lo and behold, one listed on Tropical Parkway in the Centennial neighborhood popped up with no Yelpers' reviews yet and the beckoning words "Write a review."  I should have known that such a stroke of luck (an unreviewed new Dairy Queen) was too unlikely to be true.  But, ever naive, I made plans to get out there very soon, enjoy a sundae, evaluate the place, write it up, and quickly submit my Yelp review before some other lucky soul beat me to the "post" button.  So, tonight, with wife in tow, off I went to the "new" DQ aided in navigation by Onstar's Turns & Directions.  To submit a fuller and more informative review, I was even prepared to order a charbroiled burger & fries at the joint prior to dessert.  The drive began on Pecos Avenue near the eastern end of North Las Vegas along the Bruce Woodbury Beltway (Clark County Route 215), and ended 11 miles later near the western end of Las Vegas beyond the I-95 Freeway.And, how was I rewarded for my efforts?  You probably guessed correctly.  I was greeted by an empty glass storefront with a "space available" sign on the door, and no Dairy Queen in sight!  So, whether or not it was ever open, the place is now closed!  Don't go there!Alas, there would be no "first" review derived from this outing.  To make the 11-mile return home much more tolerable, my wife and I diverted off the path a bit to dine at Five Guys near the Cannery.  Then, after enjoying a quick but tasty fast-food dinner, I was thwarted yet again.  The Marble Slab Creamery a few doors down was just being locked up as I approached the door.  So, no ice cream at all for me this sad night! There is probably a lesson to be learned from this fruitless expedition.  But, if so, I haven't figured it out yet.  In any event, I will now savor even more my first "first" review of a dining establishment if and when that thunderbolt should ever choose to strike me!
1	This specific store has been out of business for a while
