3	Good when you want a few trendy pieces without spending a lot. Some do not look like high quality but for under 25.00 I will take a chance.  I purchased a cute dress for Vegas and it was so reasonable and I matched it up with some designer shoes and accessories and received many compliments and kept thinking if they only knew how little I spent on this dress! Lol. Worth looking through for a trendy bargain.
2	I've only been in this store a handful of times, mainly with friends as I didn't think they had plus sizes. This last time I went in the store with my sister I noticed they had a plus Sized section. I'm not sure if this is new or what? But I was extremely excited considering the items were cute and reasonably priced. I started grabbing probably about a dozen items and no one came to help me! My arm was about to break and even looking around the store I couldn't see anyone that worked there. I proceeded to go to the dressing room where I quickly found out that there plus sizes were not sized right. I wear size 14 or 16 depending on the brand or an XL or one X some of the items in their store I had to get in a 2x or 3x because they ran so small. After trying on a few hundred dollars worth of clothes and realizing that they didn't have my size in 90% of the things that I wanted to buy I finally proceeded to locate a customer service rep who then had no interest in helping me. She literally just walked around the plus size section moving things around without even looking at them. I then took the three or four items that I wanted to purchase to the checkout line. The line was about five or six people long and they only had one girl working the cash register who is extremely slow. They had security tags on every thing even five dollar tank tops. She also was rude and long story short I highly doubt I will come back to the store.
1	WARNING: DO NOT GET A GIFT CARD FROM THIS STORE!!!! If I could leave NO STAR I WOULD!!!! I bought a $100 gift cert. for my daughter for Christmas and they gave me a piece of paper instead of a regular card...like a credit card like most stores. Because she moved to Colorado (where they do not have a Q store) she had to wait until she came back to visit before she could shop. When she went to purchase her clothes the manager (who didn't speak very good English) wasn't going to take the gift certificate because the print had faded. THANK GOD she kept the receipt I gave her and the manager was forced to accept it. THEN she went back another day to get more things with the $50 she had remaining. The manager again refused to take the gift receipt because it looked like a receipt/store credit which expires after 30 days!!!! This was what the manager gave to my daughter after her first purchase!! THESE PEOPLE ARE INSANE!!! DO NOT GET A GIFT CARD FROM THIS STORE. THEY WILL NOT HONOR IT!!!!!! SUPERSTITION MALL Q FASHION ARE RIP-OFFS!!!!!!!
