5	Who likes going to the hospital?  Almost no one!  But the care you receive and the kindness of the staff turns an otherwise unpleasant event into something more bearable.I've been going to this hospital ever since I was a young woman.  When I was in my late-teens to mid-twenties, I had to have three surgeries done.  I stayed at Magee, and as difficult a period of time that was for me, they helped me get through it, in physical and mental and emotional care.  Their aftercare was wonderful and they were able to refer me to some emotional support, which I desperately needed during this time.Their ob-gyn services here are second-to-none.  My ob-gyn and my general practioner are both affiliated with Magee.  I wouldn't go anywhere else for my needs!
5	I am writing an update to Magee Women's Hospital.  My attitude towards them has not changed.  This is still the best place for a woman to get healthcare, especially ob-gyn services.  But it will soon be the tenth anniversary of my second of three surgeries I had to have done.  In looking back, I don't know how I could have had them done anywhere else.The second surgery was bad enough, the third was even more serious because it involved a life-changing decision.  Instead of being very cold about it, I was given my options and told calmly and with empathy, "Susan, this has to be done".  And I'm telling you that despite the difficult choice I had to make, they guided me through the entire process.
3	I am currently 30 weeks pregnant and go to Magee's Out patient clinic for my prenatal care.  I do love it, but to some extent, I wish I would've chosen a PCP.  I am always attending my appointments, always on time, and always have a good visit.  Sometimes, that doesn't matter.  Girls come in, some who haven't had care for 3 months or more during their pregnancy, and get to waltz in before me.  I have to PEE for EVERYONE FOR EVERYTHING UNDER THE SUN, sometimes 4 or 5 times before my appointment is over--- a girl can only pee so much!  Also, Im really sad, because I LOVE my nurse practitioner-- but she doesn't get to be with me when I have my baby-- I get some doctor whom Ive never met, and nurses Ive never met either.  Im a little pissed about that.  Like, I get that they are an out patient clinic, and that there are a lot of babies born, and they would be VERY busy doing the clinic and being present for births,  but don't you think that you could at least find out who's on during the week, I don't care if I have to meet 4 doctors-- it would just be nice to not be going into this room blindly to have a baby.Also, based on the looks and noises people give me when I tell them where Im delivering makes me nervous--- I WILL be making a birth plan, and if ANYTHING goes wrong, because they do no abide by it I will be making their days hell.  I BETTER not have a terrible experience.
1	Wish there was a choice of NO stars.  I was in this hospital for 5 very long days and it was a HORRIBLE experience.  I had a kidney infection and pneumonia and had to spend the first night in ER.  No rooms available.  There was no noise control so sleep was impossible.  Finally got a room the next day only to be kicked out because they shut the ward down over the weekend (!).  Absurd.  All I wanted was sleep - so they put me in a room full of loud visitors (I was supposed to have a private room).  Horrible experience.
