4	I am a big fan of Edible Arrangements! They are just as pretty as flowers, but you get to eat them too. I've ordered a few bouquets in the past, both chocolate covered & plain fruit (see photos). Last week was national dipped fruit week & all stores were selling boxes normally priced $25 for $10, so I got 2. I would prefer just strawberries & green apples, but got a variety of fruits in my boxes (see photo). Delivery can be a bit pricey, I'm glad they are so close to my house, that way I can just pick them up myself. With my last order I got a couple $5 off coupons, I think I'll order my mom a bouquet for her birthday next month!
5	Who doesn't like chocolate dipped fruit?!? I have made two purchases at this location and have never had any issues. Both time I purchased them for my co workers who loved them. I made a recent purchase this week and scored a sweet deal. I paid online and picked up at the store, which was a breeze. Delivery fees can get pricey, I like the personal touch it bring to deliver myself, when possible.
1	I was really disappointed with my visit today. I dropped in to pick up a small something for my mom and dad for valentines day. I was hoping to get a small arrangement with honey dew, cantaloupe, strawberries, pineapple, grapes you know the stuff you see on TV. All they had were chocolate dipped (not covered) strawberries and pineapples. So I chose a box of a dozen choc dipped strawberries which was $29. It was more than I wanted to spend since I had already gotten them something else. When she took the box out of the case I saw some of these heart shaped choc covered thingies. She said there was pineapple inside and each was $3.99. Ok good. So I changed my mind and got 2 of those. Gave her my debit card expecting to punch in my pin.  Then she asks for my address. I declined (thinking it was for a mailing list) and she said no I have to have it to make sure the credit card matches the address. I said no. She said she had to have it. I said I'm not going to give you my address for an $8 purchase. I'll be happy to show you my license to prove I haven't stolen the card. That was not acceptable to her. So I said that I would pay cash. Apparently they are not set up to do a debit. And there is no way to back out of a transaction. I was surprised that a national chain would not be set up to do this and that you had to give an address for a charge transaction. If I were on the phone OR having it delivered I could see this being necessary. But not standing in the store. I was actually ready to leave without making the purchase. So she had to totally shut down the computer to get out of that transaction. There was someone else on the other computer who was taking phone orders so I had to wait for her to finish to be rung out of that computer and would I wait. I didn't mind the wait. But I felt bad for the other people behind me waiting. I paid and left. While I was waiting to pay another gal asked the 2 people waiting if they wanted a choc dipped strawberry. I thought to myself how nice that was and it would have gone a long way toward making my visit more positive. I however, who had been waiting the longest, was not offered a strawberry. Got it. Next time I need something I'll go to Safeway, or the florist, or Frys, or Albertsons, or Target, or Bevmo...you get the picture.
1	Unbelievable!!! We order my mom, which is dying of cancer some "edible arrangements" for Valentines day, hoping it would bring a smile to her face! All day long we tracked the order and it said "in transit" the day came and went and my moms arrangement never showed up!!! Almost $60 bucks down the drain! We told my mom something was coming the day before, so she was excited, only nothing ever came!! And on top of it all, NOT EVEN A PHONE CALL letting us know that they were not going to be able to fulfill the order, at least if they had let us know we could have gotten her some flowers or something to replace it. THANKS "EDIBLE ARRANGEMENTS", thanks a lot for let my mom down!!!!!!!!  I'm not even mad about it, In fact I'm very sadden by it......
