5	Kevin has been working with us on our water heater and he is always on time, always nice and definitely knows his business. I can't believe he hasn't been reviewed. Definitely the nicest "handyman" I have ever met and reasonable in pricing
5	Excellent service.  Responsive, professional, very reasonable prices and a real nice guy.  I had a need for a weekend repair and got not only good service from a knowledgeable professional but also a good price!
5	I've had two issues that Kevin has fixed and I have to say that he's the best plumber I've dealt with in the valley.  I will now be going to him for all of my plumbing needs.  He replaced a backyard hose/faucet at a relatively minimal cost and explained everything very carefully.  In another issue, I had a problem with my garbage disposal and instead of visiting and charging for a visit he told me how to fix the problem easily for free over the phone!   That's the kind of service that warrants high praise.  Thank you so much Kevin!
5	Kevin installed a Water Softener and undersink RO System for me this summer.His work was efficient, high quality and his service was very friendly.I don't anticipate having any plumbing problems, but if I do my first call will be to Kevin.
5	I needed a plumber so I called Kevin's plumbing service to fix a smell in my bathroom, inspect/fix the house for low water pressure issues,I was having and he also looked at the cost to install a water softener. In addition to that, he checked out a video of my front yard sewer line that a Locating Service had provided me from escrow inspections (recently purchased the house) --- Kevin spent almost two hours at my house, walking through the various issues, talking through all of the costs and estimates for the water softener install and even taught me how to do a few things on my own. He explained what he saw in the sewer line video and provided some advice on how best to live and deal with it in the future. Most importantly, Kevin located the problem with the smell in my bathroom (I thought it was the shower drain) but it was from a poorly installed wax ring under my toilet. I cannot tell you how relieved I was that he fixed this problem. Ever had sewer gas seeping into your master bathroom at night? Horrible! He also located a problem with the toilet filler/flow valve(?) and it was a cheap and easy fix. He walked me through the repairs and explained the "how/what/why" of what he was doing. I will definitely be calling Kevin in the future for my plumbing needs because he was honest, friendly, and professional -- most importantly he didn't give me a laundry list of stuff that "needed to be fixed" just to rack up the bill. After having a plumber at the house for over 2 hours, one might expect a $200-$300+ bill.... NOT EVEN CLOSE! Thanks Kevin!!!
5	Kevin was amazing! He was able to assist me over the phone and diagnose the problem. I will definitely use him again in the future!
5	In a word, fabulous.  On time, on budget, and just a great guy.  Thrilled to have found him.  We're looking to purchase a home needing extensive remodel work and I plan to call Kevin....almost hate to post such a positive review....may be hard to get in his schedule!
5	I reached out to Kevin in a moment of panic.  My very handy husband couldn't figure out our plumbing situation when we were ripping out our kitchen and needed to have the cabinets out today.  He came over after all of his other calls were done for the day, despite I'm sure wanting to get home, to help us out with our issue. He was extremely responsive throughout the day while we were chatting about when he could get over, and when he did get there, he did a great job of walking us through what he was doing and why. He was incredibly quick and affordable.  We will definitely be using him the next time we need a plumber!
