1	As if dentist/oral surgeon visits weren't bad enough, this place is AWFUL. I had to go here to have the rest of my wisdom tooth extractions because they were heavily impacted and needed surgery, which my regular (and awesome) dentist, Dr. Steen, could not perform.First, imagine what you'd like a surgical center's office staff to be like. Sure, clinical, because they do the same thing every day. But how about professional? Professional would be nice. It was awful from the get-go. The front office lady looked very un-washed and her makeup looked a few days old. No "Hello" "How are you" or "How may I assist you", she just looked at us when we walked in and waited for us to say something. Then, "Sign in". There were some problems with payment and she not only was unbudging, she was straight up snooty about it. She actually asked if I wanted to remove the anesthesia to bring the cost down.UM, I'M GETTING ORAL SURGERY HERE, LADY. SOME DOCTOR IS GOING TO BE DRILLING INTO MY FACE AND SPATTERING BLOOD EVERYWHERE. I THINK I'LL KEEP THE ANESTHESIA. Do I look like the guy from A Million Little Pieces?The doctor himself was very arrogant and Tom Cruise-esque in Cocktail, rolled up sleeves and all. He had the audacity to call my other doctor (Dr. Steen, great guy, very gentle) names because my recovery time was longer. "Yeah, I'm really good at this, so it'll take ten minutes, tops. And you'll barely have any residual pain." Look where I am now, Dr. Day! At the same pain levels as when I was with Dr. Steen. Ass. Dr. Day's little nurse techs strapped me down in the chair and started talking about another tech rather disparagingly, as if I wasn't there. Helloooo, I'm about 6 inches from your face and am not yet sedated. Could you hold off on the shop talk until I'm off in dreamy dream land? Kthx.I would suggest you ask for a different referral if your dentist's office tries to send you here. Dr. Day and his staff are competent at best, but so rude and unprofessional, I'd rather go to Mexico than have anything else here.
1	I just deleted a huge diatribe that I started writing here in favor of keeping this short & to the point: 1 -- Dr. Day comes off as cold, arrogant and I didn't get the slightest sense that he wanted to do anything more for me than submit my insurance claim and get money.  2 -- His staff is short, rude, and seemingly bothered by patients as opposed to wanting to help them.  I will never return to this office and I will never recommend Dr. Day or his staff to anyone.If you need oral surgery, call Perfect Teeth (see my review) and ask for a caring professional like Dr. Salb.
5	I'm finding these other two reviews to be very strange considering the experience my fiance and I had here.  I'm going to go out on a limb and say they've made some internal changes for the better, since the other reviews are 3 and 5 years old.This place is wonderful.  The staff, the doctor - they are talented and completely comforting and warm individuals.  My fiance is the biggest baby when it comes to anything medical (the poor guy needs Xanax just to have his blood drawn, so when it came time for him to have his wisdom teeth out, no ifs, ands, or buts about it, this is where we were recommended to go.  I called our personal dentist and was informed that Dr. Day is one of the best oral surgeons in the state, which had me sold since my dentist (Dr. Mow) is pretty awesome.Not only were they able to put my fiance at ease, but surgery was completed within 15 minutes, everything went smoothly, and after we returned home they were completely available for any questions we had.I would definitely recommend Dr. Day and his staff - they're super nice.
5	I had a molar, cracked from top to bottom, infected and painful.  It had to be removed, and I was referred to Dr. Reed Day.Happily, I found the work of Dr Day and his Assistant Danielle to be top notch!   My extraction was quick, very competent, and without complication... He is the consummate pro.  And the communication process before during and after was super.Location is also great for phx, near 22nd Street and Highland :)I confidently recommend Dr. Day and team!  You will be in good hands.
5	At 40 years old, I discovered after a consultation with an orthodontist that not only would I need braces , again (I wore them in high school as well), but that to prevent further erosion of some of my teeth and have a proper bite, I would likely need surgery to move my upper jaw forward, and to widen it to correct a crossbite. My orthodontist referred me to two surgeons, one of them being Dr. Reed Day. I visited Dr Day's office and was very impressed with the professionalism of the staff and the way that I was treated by Dr. Day.  Within a few minutes of interacting with him I knew this was the doctor I wanted for my surgery.  He clearly explained the kind of operation I would need (a Lefort Osteotomy), and while I was there he also diagnosed me has having a deviated septum.  The deviated septum had made it difficult for me to breath through my nose, and likely contributed to the underdevelopment of my upper jaw. Correcting my deviated septum was added to the surgical plan.After my initial consultation with Dr Day, I started my braces treatment, and about a year into wearing braces, I had my jaw surgery on Nov 4, 2013.  I met with Dr. Day two times prior to the date of the surgery to go over preparations for the surgery, what to expect the day of the surgery, and what to expect in the days and weeks after the surgery.  His professionalism and demeanor really put me at ease.  I had no worries going into the surgery.  My friends would ask me if I was nervous, and my response was, no way, I'm excited to get this done, can't wait.  On the day of the surgery, Dr. Day came by to talk to me about an hour or so before my scheduled surgery to see how I was doing.  The surgery took no more than 1.5 hours.  Afterwards, as I came out of my sleep, I was a bit disoriented but did not have any pain.  In fact, not once did I take pain medication following the surgery, ever.  I saw Dr. Day immediately following the surgery, and the next morning before I was released from the hospital.  Exactly ONE week after the surgery, I was back in the office, putting in a 7 hour day, and worked pretty much a 40 hour work week.  There was residual swelling as expected, but the swelling reduced as each day went by.  The liquid diet isn't that bad.  I'm now just over three weeks into my recovery and I feel fantastic. My orthodontist is also very pleased with the results and amazed at my recovery.  Not only has my recovery been amazing, but I can finally breathe easily through my nose, due to the correction of my deviated septum.I have nothing but positive things to say about Dr. Day and his staff.  I would recommend them to anyone requiring oral surgery.  Lastly, I was a bit surprised to see others in this forum refer to Dr. Day as arrogant.  I didn't detect this trait at all.  I would say that he is highly confident in his abilities, but this is EXACTLY what I want from a surgeon who is going to remove my entire upper jaw and then reattach it.  If you want someone who is highly trained, qualified, and possesses the confidence to do a great job, then I strongly recommend consulting with Dr. Day if you require oral surgery.
5	I traveled from Michigan, seeking the best team of dentists to remove a failing implant and replace a front tooth that had to be extracted in 2009. I am fortunate in that I can travel for what I have researched and feel is the best dental care possible.I have had three procedures completed in Dr. Day's office since September 2012. I've been in his office possibly seven times in the last 15 months. Every time I've been in his office I was always greeted cordially by his staff. My appointment times that were scheduled never were late. Dr. Day's office is on time. Offices I had been to in Michigan sometimes let me sit and wait for over 60 minutes beyond the scheduled appointment time. Dr. Day himself always greets his patients. Once when I was waiting to see him, I could hear his assistant begin to brief him on my case and he quickly replied that he knew my case history clearly. Dr. Day prepares for his patients.  He truly cares about his patients' comfort level while undergoing a procedure. I never was in any pain or discomfort during any of the procedures in Dr. Day's office.Every time I've had a procedure completed, (implant removed, implant placed, gum adjustment) the healing has gone smoothly. I have never left his office and subsequently gotten an infection or had any other complications post-surgery.I am a musician and I look forward to getting back to playing my flute, piccolo and oboe. These lifelong activities would not be possible, if it wasn't for Dr. Day's skill as a surgeon and his complete attention to detail.Each time I have been in Dr. Day's office I get the feeling that Dr. Day and his staff truly function as a team; one that is friendly and caring. Dr. Day and his staff are 100% professional, confident and sincere.Unfortunately, I live in Ann Arbor, Michigan, and I can't recommend him to too many friends and family due to the 2,000 miles between his office and my home, but I have let the dozen or so friends I have in Phoenix know he is the oral surgeon to see.  Dr. Day and his colleague Dr. Chal have ended nearly six years of dental misery and for that I am forever grateful.Susan S.
