3	Good ribs and sides.  They have no dishes and they rely on take-out packaging.  Really bad for the environment. Otherwise, I'd go again.
1	I've given up and Pittsburgh barbeque, and was loathe to try Mr. Willie's.  How bad can it be, I asked.Bad.Ordered the 16 piece barbeque chicken meal with three sides and cornbread.  The chicken was not grilled, or heaven forbid, actually smoked.  It was basic baked chicken, doused in barbecue sauce.   Not barbeque by a long shot.The sides were awe-inspiring in their awfulness. Red beans and rice was simultaneously hot and bland, made with perhaps ketchup and hot sauce.  No celery, onions or peppers or thyme.  Like a rice-a-roni version of red beans and rice.The greens were mixed kale and collards, and not inedible.  Bizarrely, the meat used in the greens was corned beef.  Traditionally, soul food greens include ham hocks or smoked turkey to give it that great musky, funky taste.  But corned beef seems to be some awkward concession to its Squirrel Hill location.  Cornbread?  A hand wrapped two by two inch square of crumbly corn-bread in wax paper.  Looked inedible, and in fact was.Service?  Awful.  Apparently the lukewarm write-ups from Munch and City Paper inspired him to try to increase business by grunting subaudibly to his customers.  Woo-hoo!  Prediction: the location turns into a kosher restaurant by March of 2009. And it's a shame.  Except in home kitchens, soul food is dead in Pittsburgh.
4	Mr. Willie's has pretty good BBQ for Pittsburgh.  Definitely better than typical chain restaurants.  I've sampled their ribs, bbq chicken, mac 'n cheese, baked beans, and broccoli.  Their sauce is their standalone winner, its probably the best BBQ sauce I've had ever.  The ribs were fantastic.  The bbq chicken I've only tried reheated, and it was still tasty after being nuked in the microwave.  Eating with plastic utensils out of takeout containers adds to the Mr. Willie's experience IMO.Mr. Willie's is definitely worth visiting again.
1	I'm being punked right?! This is the worst barbecue I have ever eaten in my life! The owner "Mr Willie" was either high or drunk or both! There were flys flying around inside the restaurant. I really like the decor and atmosphere of the place. There are a couple big comfy chairs with a place to read, a pool table and a couple of arcade games to play while waiting for your food. After reading a few reviews on line it turns out that the restaurant used to be a coffee shop that must have left most of the interior behind when they went out of business. I had the beef ribs, plain chicken wings, mac and cheese and what was suppose to be baked beans. My daughter had a beef rib and corn on the cob and my wife had a pulled pork sandwich with corn on the cob. My ribs were tough. The sauce was horrible! My mac and cheese had the consistency of baby food. WWWWAAAAYYYY over cooked. And the so called bake beans weren't even baked beans weren't even baked beans. They were pinto beans in some type of baked bean sauce. The only thing halfway decent was my wings which were small and cold from sitting out for hours. My wife said her food was so so. My daughter liked her rib and corn but, thought the mac and cheese was gross. She'll pretty much eat anything! When we were done I looked for "Mr Willie: to complain and he was gone and left to boys there about 10 or 11 years old on their own! After spending $35 for our trash of a meal we should have gone across the street to Mineo's or Napoli's!
1	CLOSED.  Brown paper in the windows.  Sort of sad.  Wasn't great but not bad.
