5	I know it is silly to give a Wendy's a 5-star review but really, this is the greatest Wendy's of all time.  The food is typical Wendy's food.  It doesn't taste any better or worse than it should and that is just fine.  The reason this place rocks is because of the service, particularly, the Drive-Thru.Let me play this scenario out for you.  You pull up and order your meal. Girl on the speaker says $2.90 at the first window. As you get up to the first window, you hand her $3 in cash...she already has a dime in her hand and gives it to you while saying "second window." As you pull up to the second window, you barely have time to press the brake because the guy at the second window is there with your bag of food hanging out ready for you to grab it as you drive by.  I can literally go through this Wendy's drive-thu in under 30 seconds.  It is amazing.  They couldn't be faster if I called ahead.  Considering how little time many of us get for lunch, a place like this is really a blessing.  The manager who trains his staff to perform so well should be commended. I love this Wendy's!
2	I agree with Glenn about this Wendy's is on top of it with there service but check out the pic of the Chicken Sandwich I ordered with lettuce. WITH LETTUCE. Haha What the hell is this. lol I just had to laugh and take a pic when I opened this up. I usually only go here for fries and frostys.
1	Fries were over salted the last 3 times. Very disappointing for me because I generally love Wendy's.  If you can avoid the fries odds are the are extremely salty.
1	I am not a big fast food guy but this place clinched it for me.  I ordered the chicken sandwich as I have done many times before.  This time, I got extremely ill after no less than 10 minutes.  This rarely happens to me but feel the need to share.  I am sure it's 1 in a million but I will admit that this location is on my black list and urge people to ask for the meat well done.
4	I'm kind of surprised that this place has gotten such low reviews, and I can only assume that their game must have come up quite a bit since some of these.I normally wouldn't review a fast food chain but this place is clean, quiet and I've never had an issue.  I actually drive an extra couple of minutes to go to this location rather than the one down on Glendale Ave.Also, let me just say, YOU HAVE TO TRY THE NEW BREAKFAST!  I love a good chicken biscuit, and the one they serve has got honey butter on it as well.  Wendys has really upped the ante for breakfast fast food.  Try it out, you'll love it!!!!
3	I've been eating here on and off since I moved to this side of town a few months ago, and I have a mixed bag of thoughts for this place.  The experiences have been a combination of fine, okay, and a few "that was really bad" experiences as well.For starters, the food here is pretty consistent, and the menu itself is like every other Wendy's. I like Wendy's because I like a lot of their menu items, and I don't feel so guilty for eating fast food after leaving here.  Overall, the chain is great, but this location's kinda weird.For starters, sometimes I've come here and the place has felt and looked sub par when dining in.  For a while, the carpeting in their dining area looked filthy, and it grossed me out.  Now the carpeting is clean, so I guess they had to cleaned and de-filthed.Other times, when in the drive through, the service has been okay.  I remember one time I was here in the middle of the day (like 3 pm, so it wasn't a busy meal hour) and even though I ordered a single combo meal, they made me pull forward and wait with another car for them to walk my order out.  Um, I can't imagine why they would do that, since it wasn't really all that busy.  I ended up waiting about 5 minutes, maybe 10 in the parking lot with another car for my food.  This morning I saw a white van that went through the drive through and they were waiting as well for their food to get walked out.  Unless the drive thru people are trying to shave time off how long it takes them to get their drive thru order, it doesn't make any sense.  I wish it were more consistent in this area.  After having been to a few Wendy's this is the only location that has this bad habit in their drive thru and its kind of annoying. I will say, sometimes I come here and think, "this place is so dirty today and it took forever to get my food, I'm going home and giving it one star." Other times I come here and everything is fine, and I think "ya know what? It wasn't so bad today, I'm going to go home and give them 5 stars."  I settled on 3 because I figured it was a fair assumption of both the good and bad experiences that I've had here.  Most of my complaints are in regards to cleanliness and wait times, not so much the food, because the food is consistent and tasty.
2	Typical, usually tasty, Wendy's Old Fashioned Hamburgers food.BUT!  The last 7 times I have come to this particular restaurant, they have managed to screw up my order in some manner; drive-through or walk-in.Just make sure that you have a bit of extra time to make sure that your food is as you ordered it.  Also, if you go inside to make sure your food is correct as you ordered it, especially if you want to change anything, make sure you have some time.  I have, in these last 7 instances, not made it out of here in less than 7 minutes AFTER my food was ordered.  And Oh my goodness if there is a long line. Just turn around and find another place.
2	Same experience as other Yelpers. Order is usually WRONG in one way or the other. Won't return here!
