4	Not much to say about this place. It is a McDonalds. Though its cleaner than others, and they are usually pretty friendly. I have gone through the drive through and it is always slammed. So just parking and going in might save you a little time.If your looking for something for the kids (playhouse), its small and just like a little playhouse.  So go to the one on Guadalupe and Val Vista.
3	It's McDonalds.  Sometimes I get cravings for McDonald's (I know it's not the best food to eat), but it sure hits the spot!I always go through the drive-through and it's not too bad because there are two places to drive through that take orders that funnel into one place to pay and pick up food.Three stars because it's not particularly delicious, gourmet food.  But this place does a great job at being McDonald's!
5	I really like this McDonald's location. All of the workers, whether it be early morning, late night are really nice. Heck, I'll admit it, I've been through this drive thru a few too many times and most of the workers recognize my face and we'll get chatting (if there are no cars behind me). Why review a McDonald's you ask? Plain and simple, the workers here are phenomenal and shoot, I know I'm a pain when I ask for a 'fresh batch of fries' each time I visit. The fact that they  take the effort to throw some fresh tatters in the frier for me is extra nice!
5	This locations price on my iced coffee is 40cents less than my normal location and it's perfect.  They got it right,  YEAH, they chill the coffee before serving over ice.  Thank you! This is the right way to serve. Friendly service thru the drive thru,  it was fast and convient at 630am.
1	Went to this location at 745am. The kid in the drive thru needs a lesson in customer service etiquette. When I pulled up to the speaker I heard a "Whats your order?" And thats it. He didnt pronunciate his words and I could barely understand his mumbled words. It wasnt the low quality speaker because it was the same thing at the window. No eye contact, no manners. Just some little terd. The person that gave me my food was the same way and they didn't even give me napkins for a mcgriddle. Really?? Napkins are expected qhen going through any fast food drive thru. This place sucked.
