5	I've been going to Dr. Donna Miller's office since June 2010 and I love her.  Her office is located in St. Rose San Martin office very close to me in the SW.  Her staff is great, always pleasant and get my husband and I in/out with all our questions asked.  Appointments are easy to get me in and I never have to wait too long.  She is very hands on and I would recommend for any ladies on the SW looking.
5	Great experience with Dr. Donna Miller's office.  Always get me in quickly and never wait very long.  Staff is always pleasant and cheerful.  Changing appt times easy and no hastles...Dr. Miller is very patient and easy to talk to... makes you feel at ease and comfortable.Looking forward to baby.....:-)
1	Called her office to try and get in to see her after I think I miscarried over Labor Day weekend and they couldn't get me in for 4 days!  They didn't care about me as a patient or my situation which I consider to be a pretty high priority.  Thanks a lot to that office!
5	I should have gone here first!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!Waiting area clean and unexpectedly stylish.2nd floor to the right of the elevators.Staff checked me in fast. I had pre-filled out the new patient paperwork. Was mailed to me when I called to setup the appt.Dr Donna miller took the time to talk to my husband and I. I explained my previous gyno experiences, results, frustration, etc. she took her time answering every question we had, making suggestions along the way. She has a great sense of humor, especially when my husband would get squirmy lolBecause I had a bad reaction to clomid, she recommended I see a fertility specialist. I should have gone here first... Thinking back to the other offices I had been to (Women's Specialty Group and Southwest Medical Assoc.), she knew what she was talking about and didn't hesitate on answering my questions. Whereas the previous Doctors at the other offices seemed to be pulling answers out of thin air.
1	This lady was so rude....I had multiples miscarriages and unable to get pregnant so came to see her, she assured me that she would be able to help me after a few blood tests was done, never in my life I thought it would come out to over $4500!!! Well no problem because my insurance covered half of it, so I end up paying a little over $1500 out of pocket...but it was for a good reason after all she was going to help me right??? No, wrong....I came in her office to get my results, I heard her complained to the nurse that the appointment staff was not supposed to had given me this appointment, they overbooked me, when she came in the room, didn't say hi or anything, my husband was there, he had taken the day off to come with me... she had no idea who I was or what was the issue, but that was not even the problem...she treated me like a garbage, she said the results came out good but there's nothing she can do to help me and that I should look for a fertility specialist because it was more serious than she initially thought. What?? I told her that I thought I knew what the problem was...I was not ovulating, she said that there's a medication that can help me to ovulate and eventually get pregnant, but she's not going to give it to me, she said it would be a waste of time (I couldn't believe it) she spent less than 4 minutes with me and then left the room to her next patient..I was so discourage, I was really looking forward to this appointment, because she assured me she would "try" to help me...I have never really post any reviews before today but I just wanted to make sure no one else feels the same way that I felt, she was so cold and short, I cried all the way home..don't trust her, she was really nice on the first appointment before I agree to get the test done and payed all that money. She thinks she can treat people however she pleases because they have enough patients but little does she knows that all of my friends that went to see her are currently looking for another doctor. Mrs. Gastelum
1	Horrible experience nearly every time I had to go here during my pregnancy. I was left with no choice but to switch drs/ofcs in my last few weeks of being pregnant. If you come into contact with Dr Miller's scheduling nurse, Claudia, beware! She is so rude and was the final straw in deciding to leave this office. She should not be allowed to interact with patients. Even though you have a set Dr you have to see a different Dr every time you go in. Most of the Dr's are condescending and come across offended that you ask questions. Dr Miller rarely made eye contact with me, which is unacceptable from a Dr that will eventually be performing a surgery on me. It felt like a cattle call when you get in there. They want you in and out as quickly as possible. They are irritated when you ask questions. If you are looking for a caring Dr this is not the place to go.
