5	I have been adopted by a cat. It's been in the 'hood for months. For the past few weeks it was bunking on my patio furniture at night and would run if I tried to get near, but this past week it started coming into my house for its slumber. So, I figured I best make sure the little guy's healthy (fortunately, it had already been neutered so I don't have to worry about the "multiplying like rabbits" phenomenon.). That's what made me think to review Dr. Stewart Cellers and Desert Hills Animal Hospital. When you walk through the door at Desert Hills you are, most often, greeted by a lovely white-haired lady named Lynne. I will never forget her kindness when my cat, Sissy, was hospitalized there for a few days. Lynne took such great care nursing her, always willing to answer my call with a progress report. From her updates, it was clear she was really getting to know MY cat. And, when the end was near for Sissy, the staff at Desert Hills were so supportive and empathetic... taking turns comforting my kitty. I'm so grateful for them! Dr. Cellers is very knowledgeable and willing to take time answering questions. He gives great detail but does not confuse with medical jargon. He explains ALL options, is honest , empathetic and doesn't push. And, when you call for updates or test results, he'll be the one to speak to you directly! Office visits/exams are about $30 which, I think, is pretty reasonable. Today, we wound up doing an exam and a full panel of blood work on my yet-to-be-named addition (to make sure all organs are functioning properly, no FIV or feline leukemia, etc.) and it ran about $150. I wouldn't even consider going some place else!
4	Today I took my new little pup... Winston the Airedale pup to his first puppy check up.. and shots.. I was nervous.. he was nervous.. I pop him in my Beemer .. and he plops his nervous puppy self down on my boo's business shirts to drop at the cleaners.. (oops forgot about that).. and away we go.. the staff at Desert Hills is super nice.. super informative.. and Dr. Sellers is great.. hes gentle.. knowledgable and gave the Sir Winston his shot in a way that he didnt even know.. a bit of puppy treat.. and we were back in the Beemer and away to drop those shirts..
5	Dr. Cellers is the best! He is knowledgeable and he cares. He has treated my pets so kindly. Even when my boo boo kitty was so sick. He took the time to answer my questions and he always takes the time to make sure you understand. He doesn't speak the technical speak that makes you confused.The other remarkable thing about this animal hospital is the entire staff is friendly, helpful, and understanding. The best customer service ever. :)I am so thankful for Dr. Cellers. He is amazing.
5	Tomorrow is my one year anniversary of dog ownership.It was time to get dogface'sannual checkup and shots.This is my second experience at this vet's office and it was just as amazing as the first time I was there a year ago.staff amazing,no wait,Doc incredible and supportive,dog wagged tail throughout whole thing.they really make you feel as if your pet is the only thing on their minds.Kudos for setting the bar so high!
5	I was able to get a same day appointment for Rudy, my kitty. We walk in and are greeted not only by a friendly staff, but a chubby tabby chilling on the floor. It think his name is Mo and was too precious for words. After filling out the paperwork we are brought back to the waiting room. Rudy doesn't like new people at all so he growled and hissed at just about everybody who looked at him. Dr. Cellers asked our permission before sedating him to take samples. I like that he asked first. While Rudy was knocked out he talked about what may be going on health wise and options. One day later we get the results and options of how to proceed. Rudy is now on meds. There prices are extremely reasonable. We are new to Arizona and hope every place we encounter are as wonderful as DHAH.P.S. Their prices are reasonable.
5	I've taken Buddy and Holly, my two golden retrievers, to him for several years now.  I've recently re-located to California, but because I trust his judgment so much, I will continue to bring them back to Phoenix for care.  He is as practical as can be, and yet as knowledgeable as can be as well, and always gives you the information you need to make the best decision about what to do.  Two goldens can be a handful and there's always something, and he's very understanding.  I'd highly recommend him and his staff, a hundred percent, and I am not easily impressed.
5	Dr. Cellars is the best there is. We own two Boxers. When our Roxie was about six months she got really sick. She was lethargic and threw up constantly. We took her to two other vets and did TONS of testing yet they could never figure out what was wrong. After spending more money that I'd like to admit we decided that vet wasn't for us and we called Dr. Cellars. We ended up having to do a surgery we were trying to avoid because of the cost but Dr. Cellars pricing was so reasonable it made our decision easy. Turns out poor Roxie had the dog version of appendicitis so he had to remove her appendix. She is almost two years old now and healthy as can be. Both our dogs love the staff and get excited every time we make a visit.
1	Absolutely horrible.  Dr. cellars treated my dog for 11 years.  About 4 years ago my dog was in a grooming accident. His eye was lacerated. He needed med for his eye for the rest of his life.  When I contacted pets mart to file a claim, Dr cellars told them there was nothing wrong with my dog. Also 6 months after filling his ongoing prescription, Dr cellars denied a refill even though the prescription was less than a year and he knew it was ongoing.  His new staff treats everyone like garbage. DO NOT USE THIS VET
5	we recently tried this vet with our two new kittens and can honestly say I have never been to a vet office with people as genuine, caring, and attentive as the entire staff here. Because of this, we decided pretty quickly we were going to switch to this vet from our old one. I totally trust Dr. Cellers opinion and he thoroughly explains reasons behind any treatment your pet may need. I also love that they post pictures of all the new baby clients on the bulletin board so you can watch how much they grow! Sooo cute! I also have to say that their prices are the most reasonable and competitive I have seen. They even offered to let us pay half of our kitten package upfront and then the rest at a later appointment since we were paying for two kitties. I thought this was very accommodating and considerate since even the most general vet bills can get pricey! Thanks for giving us a home we can trust Desert Hills! Your passion for the care of animals is not only apparent but appreciated!
5	Dr. Cellers has been amazing to work with. He made the transition to his office from our old vet very painless and simple. He's been nothing but courteous. The staff makes you feel very welcome and are very passionate about their jobs. Couldn't be happier and would definitely recommend to anyone who wants someone that will love your animal just as much as you do.
5	Dr. Cellers and his colleague are the most compassionate vets I have ever met. I will never go to another office again. I feel complete comfort when I take my pets to desert hills because I know they are in great hands.  the front desk ladies and assistants are incredible, they really bring the place sunshine even when you are going through a hard time. the world would be a better place if everyone was as caring as desert hills staff is.
