4	Good place to go after your shopping in princess street.Has a good selection of food on the menu to chose from.Its not to pricey either.The staff were polite.
1	Ah McDonalds, you old dog (which is probably what you put in your burgers), we had some good times eh? To think I actually used to get excited about a McDonalds all those years ago.This is actually a branch of McDonalds I used to still visit a few years ago when my family visited Edinburgh. Other than the decor, not much has changed.This is possibly Edinburgh's "premier" McDonalds. Situated on Princes St, it boasts two large floors. Apart from "water saving toilets" (ironic for a company known for its destructive environment policy) and free wi-fi there isn't anything special about this McDonalds. It's dressed in that new McDonalds style, with natural organic colours, combined with tidy leather, to give an impression of both health and sophistication (the latter a la Starbucks). This hip new feel seems to be the result of the heavy criticism the corporation received at the beginning of the 2000s on health and ethical grounds, and its increasing reputation by the middle classes as somewhere they wouldn't want to be seen dead in, which was unfortunately one of the potential side effects of eating there too much. All this culminated in the well known documentary "Super Size Me" which documents a McDonalds lifestyles drastic effects on the film maker's physical and psychological well-being, and discovers the company's corporate influence, including its encouragement of poor nutrition for its own profit.Like all McDonalds, come to the Princes St branch knowing what you're going to get. If you want cheap, convenient slop, flavoured with salt and sugar to hook your primeval taste buds, then so be it. But don't expect a nutritional meal, or fine cuisine. After all this is the place where a Cesar salad contains more fat than a burger.I looked into this branch because, I'll admit, I was curious. But I really have no desire to eat here. I last ate a McDonalds when I was stuck overnight in a German train station and there was literally nothing else to eat. But with knowledge of McDonald's track record of opposing unions; their contribution to the industry which causes more carbon emissions than the entire transport industry (as the world's largest user of intensively farmed beef); and their repeated threat of legal action against critics, means I am a more than just put off by their soggy chips.I also find it unfortunate that our capital city's main shopping street, is now totally overpopulated by chain stores, with an ever dwindling number of local, traditional and independent shops that can not possibly compete.
3	I'm definitly lovin it. If I just happen to be in the area, (which I am mostly) good for something quick and efficient.
5	very british
