1	I have had Health Net of Arizona for none months, since January 2012.  Nothing but problems and red tape.  Website freezes or otherwise refuses to operate.  Software problems go on and on, never fixed.  Blockades and road blocks everywhere in the system, even down to routine address changes.  STAY AWAY
1	I broke my ankle and they wouldn't pay for a walking boot that the doctor confirmed was covered. we paid cash for it, because we didn't have a choice. every time we submitted for reimbursement, they gave a different reason why they wouldn't pay. After about 5 submissions, we gave up. If there is ever a time when they are my only choice for insurance, I will go uninsured. it seems you are less important to them than profit.
1	This company is terrible . Legalized crime . I paid $400 + a month for insurance for my 3 children and was denied benefits for them . They have no pre existing conditions and are very healthy. the first time i tried to take them to the dr. while paying heath net for coverage , i was informed they had not been added to my plan. I had to wait until open enrollment to add them to my plan. o.k. i thought my healthy kids can wait. open enrollment time came , i filled out all the required forms sent it in on time only to find out 4 months later they were not added . I called Health net they said oh it's just a mistake have your employer just resubmit your forms . so my employer and i both resubmit the forms that i had originally submitted with all the dates cause i kept them . and they still denied my children coverage. so thank you health net for collecting $8500 of my dollars and providing NO  coverage. you are criminals. I'm not understanding why you can take money and promise a service and then not have to provide any services and not go to jail. You steel from people. I asked others I know about who there providers are and anyone that I have met thats had health net has the same awful story to tell that I do. Your employees must all have nice cars at the rate of witch you are taking advantage of people.
1	If I could give it lower than 1 star, I would.  As others have stated, their website doesn't work.  You can't find providers under your plan.  When you try to contact tech support via email they send you an email back telling you to click on a link for secure messages, but the link doesn't work!  (just one example of the cr*p that goes on with them).  They do not pay claims and deny all sorts of things that you're supposed to get.  For example, I am supposed to pay $50 for a visit to Urgent Care.  So far, for one visit I have paid $70, and am now being billed another $50.  The Urgent Care people tell me it's because HealthNet refuses to pay.  I have been trying to call HealthNet for over a week.  When, after holding on for over 30 minutes I actually get through to a person, they tell me they have to transfer me to claims.  I ask for a direct number to claims, and they tell me there is none.  So then you are holding for another 30 minutes and you wind up reaching claims in another STATE!!!!  So they have to transfer you back to Arizona!!!  So far I have been holding on waiting to get back to where I started from for over an HOUR!!!!!  This same scenario happened yesterday, and after holding for over an hour I was CUT OFF!!!  If this were not so important to me, I would say this company is a JOKE, but they are not a joke, they are a despicable corporation that will do anything to avoid paying your claims and then will not allow you to reach anyone about the claims to even find out why.  THEY ARE HORRIBLE!!!!
1	On hold two different times for 33minutes and 48 minutes. Writing this as I'm still on hold with claims. They pay but they sure do make it hard on everyone. They constantly send notice to doctors and hospitals to resubmit more info. By that time doctor sends it to collections. I'm on hold to see why they don't pay it cause I checked EBO and it's covered. Frustrating! Your just on hold forever!! My husbands small business is due for renewing medical insurance next month and I'm lobbying him and his brother, the owners, to switch!  Healthnet picked up and now I'm on hold while they see why it wasn't paid. 1hr 43 seconds later I'm still holding ugg. Unless you have a lot of free time get another insurance.
1	This company must think everybody has a whole day to hold on the phone. Every time I call the machine says "we know your time is valuable and we'll be with you shortly" and every time I call the wait time is at least 20 or more minutes, then, you finally get a hold of somebody and they put you on hold for another 20 minutes more. I am looking at my phone and it says I have been on hold 42 minutes~, and I am still holding! Then, if I e-mail, they don't answer it. The only thing they do quick is take payments.
1	When I first was evaluating a new health insurance plan at the beginning of the year, Health Net looked like a good option. I even checked at their website to make sure my key doctors were in network (Platinum PPO Plan) and they were. After some snags in getting signed up I was finally set for start May 1 and paid my first month's premium. Set up an account online and went to put in my primary care doctor only to find he was not listed in network. Turns out none of my doctors were! The Health Net rep I spoke with confirmed these pathetic results. Fortunately, I haven't cancelled my existing plan and will have to just stay on it until the next open enrollment I guess.
1	They cashed my check but didn't actually enroll me. Multiple calls and being on hold, transferred to others (who I had to identify myself and re-explain everything to) and hours on the phone and weeks later it is still not resolved. They finally retroactively applied my payment to the prior month, the month for which I had no coverage.Customer service is argumentative and defensive and numerous representatives gave me different explanations of what was wrong.Even if they got my insurance activated, I would have zero faith that any claims would be paid. This company is just a headache.DO NOT sign up for HealthNet even if the coverage is cheaper. Better to pay a little more and actually get insurance coverage.
1	I wish I had read all these reviews before I signed up on healthcare.gov. I made sure to check doctors and specific plans before I signed up, but when it came down to actually making an appointment with the doctors I was told they didn't take my plan and didn't know why Healthnet even had them on the website. I stopped trying to find a doctor after about a dozen tries and am paying out of pocket. I called healthcare.gov and they said I am stuck with Healthnet until November unless I can prove there was some mistake on the healthcare.gov website. Shouldn't negligence/fraud on the part of Healthnet count for something? We were all tricked! Now I am paying for an insurance I can't even use. Affordable healthcare isn't so affordable after all. The only reason I am keeping it is because I might get something covered if a tragedy happened. It is supposed to be everyday health insurance, not catastrophic insurance!
1	I basically was forced into joining Health Net, because my Blue Cross policy did not meet the requirements driven by Obamacare. Due to my budget restrictions (insuring a family of four, with 2 adults over 50) I basically had two choices, and each was with Health Net. After two months, I can say they have been generally incompetent, and I haven't even filed a claim yet. Their website regularly fails to allow me to make a payment. They don't send me bills by US mail or email, although I've selected both methods. Their Accounting department doesn't acknowledge payments I've made 40 days ago. I do have membership cards, but how can you trust a company that doesn't even have the ability to be competent at the basic stuff like billing and accounting. How could healthcare.gov use a supplier that isn't prepared to take on a large number of clients? After April their customer service hours have been reduced, which is another sign of incompetence. I wish I could go elsewhere, but even if I could afford it, I cannot change medical insurers for 12 months, as I understand it. Thanks to all in DC, for another job well done! But of course, I doubt anyone in the Federal government  has to deal with Health Net as their insurer.....
1	I could not be more frustrated with Healthnet if I was trying to plead my case to a Chimpanzee!  We picked Healthnet as our Healthcare.gov "Gold" plan, have been paying premiums since January, have had our coverage cancelled now twice for billing issues, really difficult with claims, and several other billing related problems.  Please keep in mind we have paid all of our premiums and still have had all of these billing issues.  The latest...keep in mind it is August 11th...we received a notice today that our coverage was terminated July 1st...they have the money, we have no coverage...almost 6 weeks later to get any kind of indication of this matter, no e mail, no calls!  Although they are Johnny on the Spot with e mailing the bills and taking the money from my account via ACH...STILL...even after it says on their website I have been terminated!  Just ridiculous!
1	I have been with Healthnet for 9 months and have found the company to be nothing short of incompetent. The billing has not been correct since the first invoice requiring us to call monthly for correction. After being promised that the error is corrected the same error still appears on the next statement (8 times now). They issued a letter cancelling the policy at the beginning of a month that we had already paid for. When we have used the policy we called to make sure that we understood our benefits and after taking our child to the doctor learned that those services were not covered at all and that they would have been if we went to a different doctor. This was the reason we called in the first place. I have absolutely nothing good to say about Healthnet and can't wait to be away from them.
1	Hated it!AZ Health Net, you suck. You really do.It's so bad that I can't even. I just can't. Who is running this crackerjack joke of an insurance company? Fire everyone, burn the buildings, and start over. It's that bad. There is no coming back from this. You're the worst. Just reincarnate yourself as some new company while you still can.  Seriously. It's so bad it's funny. Hahaha, the joke is on everyone who signs up for coverage. Oh, how my side hurts from laughing too much.
1	Wow!  How I wish I had checked out Yelp prior to signing up for Obamacare 2015 this past Saturday.  To be fair to Health Net, the person most guilty for this catastrophe was ... ME.  Why?  Because when I signed up for Obamacare 2014, I chose HealthNet and knew back then what a piece of garbage this company was ... and yet, I actually gave them another chance for next year, too?!?!?  Talk about stupidity!Last January, they not only never responded to my application via the AZ exchange, but when I called them two weeks later after applying online -- and dangerously close to needing my insurance for January 2014 -- they couldn't find my application (even though they sent me something online saying I was approved and they would be debiting my first payment from my bank account).  They told me to call back on Monday to check with their accounting dept. (it was a Friday).  When I called on Monday, the accounting department told me they had the application, but even though it said on their online application that they'd debit the first month's payment, that was incorrect and I had to call in and authorize the payment.  When I tried to do that on Monday, they then told me that the payment they wanted to debit me did not match the amount quoted online and that they'd have to review the application, but by the time it was cleared up, there would be no way to make my policy ready for January; it would have to go into effect in February 2014.  By this time, I had called them several times; one person didn't seem to know what the other was doing; they were giving conflicting information from one agent to another; and two agents couldn't find me in the system; another said they found me, but the application was not approved by the underwriting company --- even though, by law under Obamacare, there was nothing to approve or disapprove, unless fraud was involved --- and another agent told me a quote $200/month higher than what was quoted online.  Needless to say, I immediately sent a certified letter requesting immediate cancellation well before the policy would've gone into effect two months later.GUESS WHAT?  On 01 February, they debited my account.  Luckily, Wells Fargo was a bit more efficient when they immediately reversed the debit and that stopped Health Net from debiting me again as that little reversal cost them $20 in chargeback fees.I wish, I could say all was well after that; but I ended up with Humana and that's a little Hell in itself.  However, that does not excuse my stupidity in signing up AGAIN on 15 November and three days later, guess what!:  they can't find me in the system.  This time, I went to Healthcare.gov and cancelled before they could ever get their hands on my info.In spite of Humana ...a)  Assigning me a primary doctor I never heard of and taking 6 months to fix it;b) NEVER sending me a new card reflecting the new doctor's name, because;c) they kept putting my home address down as my mailing address, from which mail sent there is returned ... even though they were told for 7 months to change the address and it was allegedly changed;d) screw ups with their prescription mail order service;e) raising rates on my policy effective 2015, which is actually higher than what's on Healthcare.gov for the same policy;f) and raising the tier level for my GENERIC drugs ...... they are STILL better than Health Net.Nonetheless, I wish the employees of Health Net and Humana just a tiny bit of the experience they put me through throughout 2014 and hope that the little piece of Hell reserved for insurance agents and bureaucrats isn't too overcrowded with their former employees.Have a blessed day
1	LOLOLOZ Healthnet of Arizona is the biggest joke of a company.  Thankfully i am somewhat healthy because if i was not, i would not be counting on healthnet to help me get there.  NO.... and i repeat NO! Dr. wants to do business with them.  I am getting rejected by Dr.s that are listed online as "In Network" on my plan.  There name should be Health NOT!
