3	When I walked into this store I thought they may be going out of business.  They have a ton of display cases but barely anything in them.  Weird. We tried the cupcakes, cookies, a loaf of cinnamon bread, and donuts.  They were all fresh and well prepared.  The woman at the counter was nice and helpful, but a little awkward.  I won't fault them for that.  If they filled their cases and maybe added some decor to the place I might give it a 4, but it gives me the feeling that it could close anyday which isn't worthy of 4 stars.  It is an average bakery that I would give another try.
4	Even though the baked goods are not made on the premises here - they are brought in from the main Dormont location - it smells like a bakery should.  There was so much to choose from - fresh baked bread, cookies, doughnuts, beautiful cakes, cannoli, etc.  I was even lucky enough to buy the last two paczki in the store.  One was filled with chocolate buttercream and drizzled with a chocolate glaze.  The other one was filled with whipped cream, fresh strawberries, and dusted with powdered sugar.  They were both fresh and delicious and worth the trip (although they won't be available until Feb again).  One note - we visited here once on Monday and there was basically nothing to be had in the store.  The prices are very reasonable, considering the quality of most of the baked goods.  Make sure to visit on the weekends when they are stocked to the rafters with goodies!
5	Great cake, the buttercream is so delicious.  Yum!Also, purchased some hot cross buns, and cinnamon rolls and ST. Pat Day cookies.  All were Oh So Goooood!
5	I recently got married, and during our engagement, my fiance and I went out for cake-testing. We went to Prantl's and Potomac. At Potomac, a woman sat down with us, had us taste cake with several different fillings (chocolate cream, lemon, raspberry, plain buttercream) and sketched out my idea of how I wanted the cake to look. We looked through old photos of their past cakes, and she really listened to us. At Prantl's? They threw us a box of tasting cakelets, most of which were stale, and had us fill out a sheet. No one on one, no personal touch. Of course, we went with Potomac! The wedding cake arrived on time and in perfect condition! The design was exactly what I asked for (I emailed them pictures of Hungarian embroidery designs) and the colors were vibrant and just perfect! The raspberry filling was so good, and the buttercream was perfect as well. We saved the top tier... but couldn't wait a year to eat it. We waited just over one week and polished it off! I highly recommend Potomac bakery for a beautiful buttercream (not fondant) wedding cake. So wonderful to work with, and what a tasty dessert!
4	Potomac Bakery is pretty darn wonderful - this is one of the places my family will often go to when we need a cake or cookies for special events. Everything is always fresh and the dough and icing or other toppings always taste really good, rather than too strong or too "meh," which is a common problem with other bakeries. I went in to pick up a snack today and found all of the display cases were full with Easter-themed treats; it was quite the colorful display, and it smelled delicious! I also love the fact that the bakery sells little milk bottles and tea cartons - you'll definitely need a drink to wash down any and all sweet treats you pick up here. One major drawback: nowhere in the store did I see a sign mentioning that there's a $10 minimum if you want to use a debit or credit card. Not a big deal, unless you're like me and you don't typically carry cash. Fortunately, I had just enough quarters in my wallet to cover my small purchase here today. So. If you're looking to place a big order or two? All the thumbs up for this place! But if you just want a snack...well, be ready to take a minute to stop by an ATM first, if your bank is nearby.
5	Thank you Darren for the beautiful and tasty Birthday Cake you got me! It was exactly how I wanted it: Whipped cream (so much better than buttercream imo), chocolate batter, flowers, etc. I wanted to cry when I saw it since it was the first bakery birthday cake anyone ever bought for me. I love you sexyman! Oh, they make good and big thumbprint cookies as well.I forgot there's one on Dormont which is closer to us, but sneaky Darren wanted something else to review. lol.
4	Decent bakery in the heart of Mt. Lebo. I strolled in (literally-baby on board!) on a Tuesday afternoon for a treat after having lunch at Little Tokyo. The bakery was empty and the staff later came out after hearing the door. Young girl who seemed bothered by the fact that I was there. I asked a couple questions and got short one or two word replies. Ultimately, I couldn't pass up the gourmet brownies with peanut butter icing. There was also a raspberry version. The "brownie" tasted more like a cake. Moist and delicious. The peanut butter topping was fluffy and sweet. $3.50 was a bit much for this six inch boat shaped brownie but, the rest of their cakes and cookies were reasonably priced. 30 cents per cookie. $6 and $7 pies. Overall, I will definitely head back when I am in the area. Hopefully, the staff is having a better day . . .Don't forget our cash!
