1	So my husband and I had our out drive done there a year and a half ago. Long story short and 2700 bucks later.. There are several opinions, including my husbands (a former mechanic) that the boot was not securely fastened and therefore leaked. We are long time boaters and our last out drive lasted 13 years and is now happily serving someone else. This almost took out the entire unit and it was saved and now runs better than ever by another mechanic for a mere 900! Thank heavens. These guys were sadly typical. They always had a new excuse to charge us more.. And that would be fine if they did the job, but the service was poor quality! Save yourself grief and go to Gerry's Marine instead, he's awesome! Thanks Gerry!
1	We have talked to you Candice and your Dad (if that's what you'd call it). No changes to my review. It takes a lot to get me to the point of writing a good or bad review. I won't bore everyone with all the details.
5	Every time I go to The Marine Center, they are always courteous and knowledgeable. I have never had any problems with their staff or any of the service I have had on my boat. I would highly recommend anyone to go there and experience it for themselves.
4	I actually went to Marine Center of Las Vegas to find patching material for a home-related project since Home Depot or Lowes didn't have what I was really looking for AND a boating friend of mine said they might.  Candice was very helpful when I walked in and asked my non-boater questions and offered a few options.     I was impressed by the time and attention I received even though I wasn't buying a boat from them. So even though my experience with Marine Center of Las Vegas wasn't boat related, I would recommend them to others because of the level of customer service I received... you just don't get that at many places anymore.  Thanks again Candice and Marine Center of Las Vegas!
1	Don't come here for parts, they charge 2x as much, try the Internet, you save money in the long run. Supposed to be zero star but I have to put one to post  my review.
