3	I am always on the look-out for a new BBQ place and I found this one at N Durango & Farm just around the corner from Mountain Ridge Skatepark.Their claim to fame is "Vegas-Style" BBQ. Looking at the menu everything is very reasonably priced and they have beef,pork,chicken & links plus burgers and all the standard bbq sides and red skin potato salad.It's a real small place next to DQ and it has 6 small tables is painted purple and has a flat screen on the wall to watch while you wait & you will wait.Well I tied the beef brisket,pulled pork & hot link sandwiches plus mac n cheese,coleslaw & red skin potato salad.$5.99-for a sandwich & 1 side.-What a deal!!all the sandwiches come covered in cheese, onions and sweet bbq sauce -that's VEGAS-Style?!They smoke their meat so it was real tasty I dont get why they smother it in a sweet bbq sauce. The pork sandwich was the best with coleslaw on it and the bbq sauce mixed real well.The link & brisket were good but I'd rather skip the VEGAS-stuff. Mac N cheese was weak, potato sald was alittle runny but the colslaw was quite a suprise. real good.This place has good prices & good meat-just know how to order it without sauce & it's a winner.
3	So i have to make the rounds in north las vegas last week and i'm in a shit mood - so to put me in a good mood i need either a good woman or some good grub. I'm solo on this visit so no woman, i gotta find the grub or it's, no woman, alotta cry. 1st stop, H and H BBQ ( separate review on that ) - i had to make it to way north lv for a meeting, the 'q sitting on my front seat as i'm driving - and yes, damn straight - i was plucking pieces of hot link at each stop light, somehow, i avoided the sauce on the shirt. lo and behold, my meeting is a short block from one of my favs - retro bakery ! cupcakes baby !! I barely made it to my meeting so the 'Q had to sit on the front seat a little longer - breeze thru the mtg ( one of those, i see the lips moving, but i'll be damned if i could tell you what anyone was saying ! ) jumped in the car, planned to wolf the 'q down in the retro parking lot. i get there and i see the sign for Sassy Sal's . hmmmmmm F- it ! save the H and H for dinner, i go into SS, order a link sammie w/ mac and cheese ( $6 ) - i book on down to Retro order up some cupcakes. Return to Sassy Sal's - get the food, plop my booty back in the car, open up the container and what do i see a link swimming in melted cheese - huh ?!?! of course, later , i see Scott's review on the place and i laugh about the cheese . I ain't a BBQ affectionato - wasn't born in texas, memphis, kansas city , etc etc, grew up on the grilled/charcoaled summertime family meals and didn't get the "bug" until college. So i don't have too much room to talk, but dang it, there's somethin' sacrilegious about putting cheese on 'q - it ain't right ! still, push aside the cheese and it's a decent sammie and the M&C - good stuff - might give a slight nod to H an H on the M&C but i tell ya - more value at Sassy's.
3	They have some pretty good brisket.  They have a variety of foods if you want some BBQ.
3	Good BBQ. Not great, but good. I'd go there more often if everything was just a little less expensive.
3	The food is ok.. The service sucks though
4	I used to live in the neighborhood of Sassy Sal's but never had a chance to pick up a bite. A few months ago I returned to LV and made a beeline to the place one night when looking for some solid tasty vittles close to home. It hit the mark.I had a chance to sample the brisket and the pulled pork, both which contained a solid balance of spice and flavor. The Sassy Sauce is very delicious on anything it touches. Their parmesan garlic fries had ample garlic, but the cheese needed work. A slightly heavier dusting would have worked, and the cheese looked like the stuff out of a Kraft container. C'mon Sal's, splurge a bit for the real deal!Though Sassy Sal's makes everything fresh when you order it, it does take a good while. My order for two took at least 10 minutes to arrive. Nothing was cold, all was served nice and hot fresh from the kitchen.I did have to deduct one star for the slow service and the parmesan debacle. Regardless I'll certainly be stopping in for more the next time I am in town.
2	I ordered a pulled pork and brisket sandwich and they both were mediocre at best.  I doubt I will return.
4	Sassy Sal's does some pretty darn good BBQ for a value price. A sandwich and a side for about 6 bucks ain't bad in this economy. Their BBQ is a good combo of sweet and tangy, leaning more towards the sweet side. The Psycho fries are, indeed, inSANE! I normally don't dig spicy food but I'm all over these. Unfortunately, they also tend to end up all over me. They are coated in two kinds of sauce and kinda messy. Two reasons why I'm not giving this five stars- number one, the last time we were there we had to wait an ungodly amount of time for our food, because someone messed up the fried pickles. (which were kinda so-so anyway) Our food still came out hot, thank goodness, but it was an awful long wait.The second reason is because they took out the tables. :( My fiance and I used to go there for lunch (he works nearby) but now with no place to sit we'd either have to eat in the car or find some place in the ungodly hot outdoors to eat. Bleh.
1	You have got to be kidding! As if Las Vegas needs any more contributions to it's notable lack of culture, authenticity and overall blandness. Here you have a place that is touting a new kind of BBQ, "Las Vegas Style". Now if by saying "Vegas Style BBQ" means that nothing that you do is actually barbecued, then Sassy Sal's has accomplished great things. Now I know that I'm sounding a bit like a LV hater, but I'm not. I just believe that the reputation that Vegas has as a cultural void need not be enhanced anymore. When you walk into a restaurant (or outside for that matter) and you do not smell any food cooking, this is not a good sign. When you walk up to, or into a BBQ restaurant and you don't smell any food cooking, or more importantly any smoke, or other aromas that define the style, you are definitely in trouble. I'll say it again, there is nothing at Sassy Sal's that is actually barbecued. Let me explain. I ordered a sampler (Ribs, Pulled Pork, Brisket, Hot Link and 2 sides), plus a 1/4 chicken. Cost around $20. Not too bad, except that $4 of it was the leg and chicken thigh. I watched the cook pull some ribs and a hot link from the cooler and put them on a grill. Then the other meats were re-heated somehow (probably in the microwave) and then sauce was applied. NOTE: Just by putting BBQ sauce on something does not make it BBQ. As we all know there are many great styles like Memphis Dry Rub that do not use sauce at all. The ribs and pork were decent in texture, but were obviously baked and or boiled first, then heated back up (no rub, no marinade or other seasoning). The brisket was terrible. Dry almost like jerky (though jerky would be much better) no smoke ring, no grill flavor (any Texan would be appalled). The chicken never even saw the grill, I got it "Cajun style", seemed to be boiled, then broiled, with some pre-mixed seasoning sprinkled on top. I'll give a nod to the potato salad because they used nice red potatoes and fresh veg, but it was quite salty and unbalanced. The staff was friendly and the service was quick. The best items were the Hot Link and Beans. However it does not take a culinary genius to buy some decent sausage and open a can of beans. By the way, the obviously canned beans were the only thing that had any smoky flavor whatsoever. Last but not least there were the 3 mini buns that were included with the sampler. I figured, hey that's a nice touch, maybe some small dinner rolls, or slider buns to use with the pork. THEY TOOK A HOT DOG BUN AND CUT IT INTO 3 PIECES! Now I could go on and on, but please, if you are going to promote something that is called BBQ then you'd better Barbecue something (low, slow and smoky, or fast, hot and smoky, I don't care). If not, at least you could include a flavor step such as a spice rub, or marinade, maybe even some liquid smoke if you have to. Just give it something, pretend like you care. You could show that you actually give a damn about what you are offering. You could help positively contribute to the local food culture instead of robbing people of experience, all while arrogantly claiming to be creating a "Style". And the story goes on and on. Three Thumbs Down.
3	Surprisingly good food.  I only write "surprisingly" because this place positions itself as a Vegas Style BBQ joint, and as a Las Vegas local of 17 years I know that my town isn't known for its 'cue.The food is good with a twist of different.  To date I've sampled their pulled pork, quarter chicken (white), and the Sassy Fries.  It's certainly barbecue-y, but not in a Carolina, Memphis, or KC way... so I suppose it is appropriate to ascribe "Vegas Style" to this place.Their meat offerings are tender and well-seasoned, and the fries are mighty good, but the one thing that was a bit off-putting was the consistency of the barbecue sauce.  It was, well, watery and thin.  Good, mind you, but quite runny and transparent.The next time I go I'm going to ask if they offer dry versions of their meat.  Unfortunately, however, I fear that wet is the only way they prepare their fare.Price-wise, the place is pretty cheap, especially when compared to other BBQ joints I've been to around the nation.  At any rate, I'd go back if I needed some BBQ in a pinch and didn't have time to drive several miles to Buzz BBQ on West Craig Rd.  I still prefer the way Memphians get it done in Tennessee, but nevertheless...
2	BBQ is more than being "SASSY"... I've had some great BBQ in my time and this place hasn't found it yet! Either you have great sauce or superior smoke for your meat and they lack both!!! Plus they only have 3 tables so takeout is a must.
3	This is another eatery near my work and we do enjoy the food here for the most part. We stopped coming for a  while because they took out the seating. The story behind that is the Health Dept. came and said if there isn't a bathroom available to the public then the public can't eat in here. So all the seating was removed but then Sassy Sal's created a pathway through the kitchen to their bathroom and then the Health Dept. gave them a thumb's up and lo and behold booths appear.Now that I have cleared up the seating/bathroom rumor mill let's move on to what's really important -  THE FOOD:Not Fair: The pulled pork sandwich comes with coleslaw on it so you could order fries as your side but the pulled chicken sandwich comes with no coleslaw so you had to order coleslaw as your side and then order fries which meant more money spent and not to mention unfair treatment to chicken eaters!!!!!Last week I represented chicken eaters around the world (free of charge of course) and brought my concerns to what looked like the new owner and he assured me that the pulled chicken sandwich can come with coleslaw on it. He said the reasoning  behind having cole slaw on the pulled pork sandwich only is that it is a southern tradition. I will hold the owner to his word on my next visit...I love the fries here-it's steak fries (thicker than regular fries but thinner than wedge fries) They put what looks like cajun seasoning all over it and to accompany the fries is a creamy mayo lightly colored orange sauce-YUM!!!!They now have corn bread that looks like cupcakes and various desserts are now offered here-FYI-only the cobbler is made in house however. The owner kept trying to sell us the desserts but I wanted so badly to tell him that with Retro Bakery only a few steps away if I'm going to spend my hard earned money on sweets as well as calories I'm walking to Retro Bakery, Sorry new Mr. Owner.
5	I love everything I've tried here - I can't pick a favorite.  Right now, I crave the hot link sandwich.  I usually order without cheese, but it's good either way.  My daughter absolutely loves the macaroni and cheese (and so do all of us adults actually!)  The service does take a while, but that is because they cook everything absolutely fresh when you order it.  Cooked to order is the only way to eat french fries, and Sassy Sal's are fabulous!!  There are three booths so you can dine there if you like.  I can't think of anything I don't like about this place, prices are amazing for BBQ - real food versus fast food.  Plus, they deliver and they will cater parties!  I definitely recommend it!
4	It's always nice to find a place close to home that serves up some good BBQ. Being from NC I can't say that this is the best tasting BBQ I've ever eaten, but it sure fills the void. The breakdown:The same BBQ sauce seems to be used for all of the meats. It has a nice tangy sweet flavor with a little bit of heat. Beef brisket: Very tender, but not a strong smoky flavorPulled Pork: standard pulled pork drowned in BBQ sauce, not bad but definitely my least fave of the meats.Pulled chicken: Tender shredded chicken in BBQ sauce, reminded me of when Chic-Fil-A used to make ChickenQ sandwiches. My favorite meat selection!BBQ Pork Ribs: Fall off the bone perfection with a smoky taste smothered in the above mentioned BBQ sauce. Sals famous fries: Crispy, seasoned steak fries with the perfect amount of spice. Extremely generous portion as well. The food we ordered fed a family of 6 with quite a bit leftover for just under $50.
2	I was visiting my parents on the northwest side of town and we decided to try Sassy Sal's for dinner.  My first thought when looking at the menu was that the items were reasonably priced - 5.99 for most of the sandwiches.  My mother and I each got the pulled pork and my dad decided to get a combo with 1/3 rack of ribs and one side for 9.99.Well when we got the food home I was in for a bit of a disappointment.  The menu says of the pulled pork:  "Slowly smoked seasoned pork topped with creamy coleslaw."  Fair enough, I'm used to good sized pulled pork sandwiches with a heaping amount of coleslaw.  There was a very moderate portion of pork but the real bummer was that the coleslaw was not on the sandwich, but a minuscule portion on the side in a one ounce cup- filled half way- even trying to spread it thin I couldn't get it to reach to the end of the bun.  The pork itself didn't have much flavor, I was desperately wishing for some sort of sauce to put on to give it some taste, but of course a side of sauce is sixty cents extra.My dad said the ribs were good but they were also pretty meager and his side of mac and cheese was of similar proportion. We did get a side of fries which were very good, other than that the place was a big let down.
3	(My 50th review.  God, I'm a fat pig.)Traveled well across Vegas to get to this little spot.  I had the small sampler, so I could try a little bit of everything.  The pulled pork and brisket were on the tough side; the pork was very dry and the brisket was fatty.  The ribs were okay (not fall-off-the-bone) and definitely had the best tasting BBQ sauce on it (did I fail to mention that every meat has its own sauce?).  In lieu of the hot link, I ordered the pulled chicken (which they graciously allowed to substitute) which was by far the most unique tasting.  Not bad, not great.  It came with seasoned steak fries (always a favorite) and a choice of two breads--I chose the cornbread and Texas toast (which was made hot and fresh).  I gotta give it points though for the portions and the price and the friendliness of the employees (apparently under new management).  Also, note that there are only 3 tables in the dining area, so I'm guessing it doesn't get very crowded (or, plan for take out).
5	I recently took these ribs to a pool party and everyone could not stop eating them including myself.
3	The best thing about this place is the customer service. Everyone was very friendly and prompt. They do close a litte early for Friday and Saturday though...right at the peak hours when most people want to eat dinner on the weekends. The inside is very small too, so it's not good for groups. The food was good, but just like most BBQ places, not everything is amazing. I'm from Oklahoma, and they have some of the best smoked BBQ, so I would say that I am pretty picky. The most tasty was the brisket. We had the small sampler which comes with ribs, brisket, pork, sausage, 2 sides and bread. Unless you eat a lot, this is perfect for 2 people. Ribs - had a good flavor, not very tender. Brisket - Most tasty, very tender with a great smoke flavor. Pork - Not tender and the taste was very bland.Sausage - Very good flavor and spice. Cole Slaw - Carolina style, I loved it. Mac & Cheese - It was okay, it was not that creamy, and it had been cooked for awhile. (Mind you, I went 30 minutes prior to closing) Overall, if you're craving smoked BBQ and you're in the NW, it's a overall good choice. I recommend the brisket and sausage, but this is all based off of my first time eating there. I would like to go back and try their burgers.
4	Located a few doors down from Retro Bakery, this is a decent place to chow down before satisfying your sweet tooth. It's a small shop with only about four tables. Order at the counter and they'll bring the food to your table. My son and I ate here before picking up cupcakes for his bday. I got the Piedmont Pig sandwich ($7.99 for a combo meal) with fries and a small side of mac-n-cheese. The roll was nicely toasted and filled with a large mound of tender pork, which had a slightly tangy and sweet taste, and was topped with cole slaw. It was the kind of sandwich where no matter how you held it stuff was bound to fall out. It is a BBQ place so of course you're gonna get messy.I loved the fries and the sauce it came with -- some sort of mayo based sauce with a bunch of spices. The mac-n-cheese, unfortunately, wasn't as good. It was bland, not cheesey enough and not hot enough.Kids under 5 eat free with a paying adult. Kid's meals come with one side and a drink. My son was a fan of their grilled cheese and fries.Prices were great, food was good, and it's close to my favorite cupcake shop. I think the chances of me coming back are pretty good.
5	Great ribs and briskets. Super cheap
3	Went in there because I happened to be on that side of town, which is rare. I didn't try the BBQ but I tried the chicken wings and fries. Prepared fresh they were good but not anything life changing. The owner was cordial and He definitely had traffic for the lunch crowd. The 3 stars isn't for the food, I will try this place again if I am up that way, its because I just didn't have enough to go on quite yet. The only con I see with this place so far is the lack of seating. I guess this review is 'To Be Continued'...
1	I have ordered from Sassy Sal's in the past and the order has been wrong.  So hoping against hope we ordered again.   Guess what, order wrong again.  Last time we order from them.  Their phone help leaves a lot to be desired.
3	I give this place a solid 3 stars.   BBQ was ok.  I've had the pork ribs, chicken wings,  and the BBQ pulled pork sandwich.  All of which tasted ok.  The price was little high for what you received and the portions weren't that big.  I definitely wouldn't drive across town to come eat here but if I was in the area I would stop by and give it another chance.
3	This place is right by my house, so I stop in alot.Like alot of BBQ places this one does a decent job, but nothing that makes you go "Damn, that was awesome!"The pulled pork/chicken is pretty good and their BBQ sauce is right on. Their hot links are pretty good, but not the large size you would normally expect. The BBQ Ribs were pretty good as well, my 13yr old son demands them each time.All in all the place a decent choice for BBQ, and one of the only choices w/o driving to the other side of town, and the customer service is always awesome.
3	i really like the brisket! for the price you cant beat the quality! thanks! everyone is super nice as well! :-)
3	Place was pretty quiet for dinner rush. we were the only patrons at the time.  We ordered Haat attack and pulled pork sandwich combos with mac and cheese and french fries.  Sandwichs tasted pretty good, large portions, mac and cheese was lacking, unmelted cheese with pasta, no real seasonings, fries were steak cut, not very crispy.  Too many really good places to eat in LV to return, sorry
3	Wish I could give it 3.5 stars, but it definitely fell short of the 4.Good BBQ nearby the house! Not the greatest, but it hits the spot.The ribs were not the most tender, but they were nice and meaty, and the sauce was yummy. I could order them again.  I'd say the only way they would be better is if they were cooked longer / more tender.  Here is a pic of everything :http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/sassy-sals-bbq-las-vegas?userid=eZZyuJDouIg4p-GYB3PV_A#uEiPyOnrupgmMeTkVbaPRwI really liked the mustard sauce on the chicken and the sausage. Both were good and I would order again! Chicken was very tender and full of flavor. Sausages had a nice crisp to them, and were cooked well.The pulled pork was definitely a let down though. They do not use their yummy BBQ sauce for some reason, and use some sort of vinegar or slightly bitter seasoning. I really wasn't a fan. The meat was tender though, so just add the BBQ sauce and it would have been 10x better!The sides were ok too, mac and cheese and potato salad. Good, but not great. Wish the mac was a bit more cheesy. I really liked their cornbread though! It was the right consistency and had lots of flavor...but the butter was hard as a rock!Pricing was not bad.  I think I spent about $25 for their small sampler platter...which had too much food for the company, baby, and myself.  I took the rest to work the next day.  Overall, I might stop in again, but there was so many hits and misses, that you really have to pick what was made right, and skip what was made wrong.
4	Happy to say that they got a review bump from me!I came looking for Seafood Station, but it looks like they closed shop!  Walked around, and figured I would give Sal's another try.Since I didn't have a huge appetite, I wanted to try a sandwich instead of going crazy with a bbq platter.  I went with the Austin City Sandwich, which is a Texas Style smoked Brisket with cheddar cheese, Texas BBQ sauce, and crispy onion straws. The brisket was cooked well and had lots of smokey flavor, and was a very large portioned sandwich!  Great deal for $6.99 too....I will ask for extra BBQ sauce next time, since I really like their sauce, and it wasn't messy enough for me!I'll probably come back for the sandwiches alone though...give them a try if you are in the neighborhood :)
1	Horrible horrible service. The cashier/order taker was not welcoming. It's was my first time and my two other friends first time to this location. The cashier was not helpful in answering our questions about the menu. My friend orders Pulled Pork sandwiches everywhere she goes. Se said this was the driest sandwich she ever ordered. She's pregnant so you know her taste buds are on point. The man behind the counter (the chef) was rude as heck. He was rushing my friend to order so I said Nah we ain't eating here. Then he seemed to be pissed off so I grabbed both my girls and we went next door to Dairy Queens for a hotdog. Needless to say we are never ever going back to this unpleasant food joint. I don't recommend this place to anyone. No welcoming feel.
5	I don't have enough nice things to say about Robert and his food!He catered our wedding for an unbelievable price, delivered and even let us use chafing dishes! When we first got in contact we set up a tasting where he let us sample the pulled chicken, pulled pork and the brisket and his various sauces, which my fiance and I couldn't get enough of. We got the chicken without a sauce, which was great for the kids in attendance and was still extremely moist and had a great smokey flavor to the meat. We also got the Piedmont Pork which is a pulled pork in an INCREDIBLE vinegar sauce. The true hit at our wedding was the brisket! Everyone went back for seconds and we had so many left overs that we will get to enjoy and continue eating the food for at least another week!We also plan on returning to Sassy Sal's to try other sandwiches and the psycho fries!I definitely recommend!
1	nothing like ordering bbq from angry folk with attitude and mediocre Q. AND Don't even think about asking for extra sauce. Never again.
4	I will eat there again the sandwiches are worth stopping. The challenge is not worth it. My stomach is killing me.
4	My husband and I have eaten here several times. The food is always great. We especially like the brisket! They make an amazing sauce for it, which we always order extra of. The only reason I don't give them 5 stars is that they always take a really long time to bring our food. Whenever we've gone, there are only two people working there, the main guy (and owner?) cooking, and someone handling the register. I think if they could hire just one more person it would really speed things up!
2	BBQ is one of my favorites and living up in the NW, we have almost nothing to choose from. This is now the second time we've picked up Sassy Sal's and I can easily say I won't be going back ever again. The menu is all over the place, the restaurant itself looks terrible and the staff is not friendly at all. We decided to get a few things to share and order some ribs since they are $1 a piece on Tuesday's. I had an Austin City sandwich which is now the second worst brisket I've ever had behind TC's on S. Durango. It was literally like rubber and almost impossible to eat...no amount of BBQ sauce could fix it. My wife had a pulled pork sandwich that was okay but their pork seems to be really fatty and the meat itself isn't very flavorful. The sides we picked were mac 'n cheese and greens, both subpar at best. I thought the ribs were decent though and about the only reason I can give them more than one star.To be completely honest, I don't know how this place is still in business. Both times we've been here to pick up food, we were the only ones in the restaurant. We also go through this shopping center to visit other businesses and it always seems to be dead.  I'd rather just go out of my way to another BBQ joint across town next time I get a craving!
5	I like to go to this place a lot. I have had just about everything on the menu Ribs, Chicken, pulled pork, beef brisket and sausage. My favorites are the Ribs, brisket and sausage but these are my favorites at every bbq place. The sausage has the perfect amount of spicyness. Meats have always been cooked to my likeness. I like to get the sauces on the side because Sal has about 5different kinds of sauce for the different meats. I only use 2 the brisket and rib sauces. Different flavors for different palates I guess. My tastes are different than most ppl probably. I like mustard with my sausage and bbq chicken without any sauce. I think the staff is friendly. I have never had a problem with my order everything is always on point in my opinion. The cook/owner is a quiet guy but I have talk with him once b4 and he seems friendly I think he is just the quiet type. My fav sides are the mac n cheese and the beans. I always get the small feast for my family. Prices are reasonable compared to other bbq places in town like Famous Daves. I pay twice as much to feed my family there.
5	Great food. Awesome beef brisket sandwich. More of a to go place. But that is fine cause it is funner to not be afraid to get messy.
3	This place was decent BBQ. There wasn't anything that really stood out about this place. The pulled pork sandwich was kind of bland, along with the Mac and cheese. The potato salad I really liked.
2	The food was ok. There was nothing spectacular about it. I had the hot link sandwich and it was pretty dry. The only thing that saved it was a hint of BBQ sauce and the onion straws. I also got mac n cheese and it was bland and didn't even really have a cheese taste. It would probably taste better if they used some cheddar in it.
4	I live in Green Valley and rarely get to the far side of town, but the kids and I found ourselves up in that area at Floyd Lamb, and we were hungry, so we stopped at Sassy Sal's. The menu has many options, but we went for a family meal for $29.99. It fed the four of us with leftovers, which is pretty amazing as my boys are eaters! The meat was good but warm rather than hot. The mac and cheese was really good, but the greens were amazing! The girl behind the counter warned us that the sweet tea isn't all that popular (or good), but we ordered it anyway. She was right...we should have skipped it. Honestly, you can't really beat the amount and quality of food for the price. If it had been hot rather than just warm, I would have given it five stars. We will visit again next time we are way over there!
1	We were very disappointed. Had the ribs and pulled pork sandwich with potato salad and Mac n cheese. None of the the food had any flavor except for the potato salad. That was the only thing we finished. Don't waste your time or money on this place.
4	Pulled pork sandwich = 2stars (meat cold, not enough sauce)Wing Sunday .50 = 5 stars (no complaints)Hot link = 3 stars (could tell good flavor but burnt and seemed like Sat leftover)Buffalo Fries = 5 stars (delicious) Overall = 4 (weird setup for refills and no access to BBQ sauces so 1st time have no idea what we'd like)
3	The pulled pork with cole slaw is delicious. Ask for BBQ sauce on the side for anything you order. The seasoned fries are good as well. A small is pretty big and the large is HUGE (2 lbs). The Mac and cheese is a must. My husband had the Austin city sandwich (brisket in a sub roll with onion straws). He said it was good as well however may have been a bit to much meat. Overall I'd say it was good. The only reason I'm not giving 5 stars is because I felt that the people working there were very unfriendly.
4	We stopped in here last night with my whole family before half of them went back home to CA.  The food was really good.  All of the meat was tender and done well.  We had the ribs, brisket, pulled pork, hot links, chicken, baked beans, and the mac n cheese.  The price was a bit steep at $90 for the large family meal but I would rather support a local small business over a chain in my neighborhood.  I will go back again but I would recommend taking it to go.  There's not much room to sit down inside and no outside seating available.  The only real down side to the location is the parking.  Little Caesars and 7/11 make parking a real pain in the butt!  But they do have parking in the back of the center.  I just wish they had positioned the building to allow for more parking up front.
5	Closed as of October 24th
