4	Mmmmmmm.  The hubby and I met up with some friends here after spending a wedding weekend in Charlotte.  This place isn't much to look at, but it came highly recommended by a Charlotte-an.  We loved it.  There was deliciously sweet iced tea, all you can eat hush puppies, the biggest onion rings I've ever seen.  Then, of course, there was the meat.  I found it interesting that ribs were ribs, but barbecue was what I would just call pulled pork.  Both were delicious.If I were ever in Charlotte again, I'd stop in.
3	Coming back through Charlotte to catch my flight, I picked up some ribs and chicken to go.  I didn't try the pork but the ribs were full and meaty and the chicken had a great flavor to it.  Like Tony, I thought this was the highest price I paid for BBQ for my trip and not nearly as good as some others.  I might give it another go, sit in this time and get a better feel for the experience.
4	Bubba's is a great place to get both pork BBQ and fried chicken.  I recommend the platter with pork and fried chicken.  Both were superb.  The beans, yellow slaw and potato salad are very fresh as well.  What I like are the people.  The servers never let your glass get more than half empty.  The Sweet tea is just sweet enough.  The staff is extremely attentive.  The place is clean. Lots of great pictures on the walls of travelers wearing Bubba T-shirts.  The bathrooms are clean and the men's room even accommodates the big boys.
4	If you want *real* Eastern NC style barbecue, head to Smithfield or Raleigh or somewhere out that way.  If you can't make it, this place will do.  On the run from Ohio to SC or FL, I stop here nearly everytime.  I lived in Raleigh for a number of years and fell in love with NC BBQ.  Normally you get a tomato based version in western NC, but Bubba's does Eastern pretty close.  Not quite as spicy as "out east" and the Brunswick stew isn't up to my standards, but this place works.
3	I had heard really good things about Bubba's.  So many things, in fact, that we made the trek all the way up to the place just to get some.  I won't say that we came away disappointed, but we weren't exactly impressed either.The building itself made me think of the husk of an old Pizza Hut.  Not that there's anything wrong with that.  It just did.  On the inside it was like everything had been stripped out and tables thrown in like we were at a fish camp.  Not a bad like for a barbecue joint, but I don't really care what the tables look like.  I just thought it worth mentioning.We found the staff to be very nice - in fact, they were the highlight of the trip (other than the man v. boy urinal: be sure to check it out).As to the food, however, there are a number of places that have better barbecue, and most of them are a much closer drive.  I'd probably go to Spoon's for something similar but better, and keep McKoy's at the top of my list (if you can get it fresh).
2	I'd skipped Bubba's for a few years and must say that this latest Friday night on the way to Florida experience was a letdown.  The place was nearly empty, which might be a sign of changes.  The BBQ was cold and dry.  It just wasn't that good.  I'll give Bubba Miller one more chance because he has satisfied my craving for Eastern NC BBQ, but if it goes like this again, we're done.
1	While in this area of Charlotte I saw Bubba's BBQ I did not have but, a few minutes and I really just wanted to taste the Q . I went in the only people I saw was 2 people leaving . So with a quick look at the menu I ordered a BBQ sandwich ( no slaw this time I wanted to be able to taste the flavor of the Q then have slaw next time)So out came my sandwich and I noticed slaw on the outside of the sandwich I opened it and saw that the slaw well... some of it had been taken off about half was still there it looked as if someone had taken something and attempted to " get the slaw off".When I told the server she looked at the ticket and said " I told them no slaw "Then she left with the sandwich at this point I am wondering if they could not get a simple order with such a slow time then what else was wrong? At that point I had spent way to much time just trying to get a simple sandwich put money on the table to pay for the Tea and left .I called shortly after a conference call to talk to the manager " Bubba " I told him the story and he first said " describe the server " then when I did he said " What color was the slaw " And I am thinking why would he ask that? Does he think the slaw came from somewhere else? When I told him I was not 100% sure he "said we only serve this color slaw"( I think he said yellow) And I am still wondering why he said that? ( AGAIN)To me this was getting me know where when I was just trying to explain to him what the problem was. I then just said " have a good day and hung up"Do not think I will be back ... just a warning if you go to Bubbas do not keep it to simple and please please do not make the order very complicated. They may ask you where the food came from?
1	meat was not smoked, cooked way too long, so it was basically tasteless mush, sides had little to no flavor.  place was empty, cafeteria feeling, no music, no cheer, just blah....
4	I've eaten Bubba's on a few different occasions and it's always been solid. It's a bit out of the way for me (Sunset Blvd.), but when I'm in the area it's a classic stop for some tasty Carolina 'cue. I think I kick up my 3.5 rating to 4.0 as the service has been just so kind. Bubba is one of the nicest restaurant owners I've ever met and the servers are truly salt of the Earth people. Plus, Bubba often donates product to a local charity for events, which makes this place aces in my book. As for the food, you'll be in and out in no time as the food comes out in a flash. I typically order the petite plate as and I unfortunately enjoy the included hush puppies a bit too much. :) It's not the best 'cue I've had in Charlotte, but I do enjoy it quite a bit! The digs are pretty basic and nondescript, but I'm usually there to grab a quick bite of 'cue and if I'm in the need of a major sugar rush - a sweet tea.
4	Anyplace named Bubba's is a place needing a visit. Any place that combines Bubba's and Barbeque is a no brainer in the QC. Located in North Charlotte off exit 16 (Sunset Blvd West), this place is simple and tries to be nothing more. This is your typical NC BBQ w/vinegar sauce being the specialty. Hush puppies are so delightful that a basket must accompany any BBQ. The pork is so moist that not much sauce is needed, though I love to get the hands messy with a proper dousing of the vinegar based sauce. Great for a quick eat in or massive take out. Apparently they cater too! Make sure to check out the men's room (men and women alike) as Bubba, who is there most days, will give you a good laugh at his creation.
4	Feeling the need for some real southern cookin', my wife and I were taken to Bubba's for an introduction. I ordered the pulled pork and green beans, with hush puppies on the side. This was my first time with hush puppies, and boy were they good. The pulled pork was best smothered in their vinegar based sauce (another first) and regular barbecue sauce. It was simple but tasty. Our server was nice, but the real treat was when a guy who I'm assuming was Bubba himself came out to greet us. He joked around a bit and sent my friend and I into the mens restroom to find out if we were men or not (see the image on this page). That capped off the night nicely. As a real southern cookin noob', I had a great experience.
3	This is one of the best BBQ places in the Charlotte area (and one of the older ones since it was originally Spoon's Barbecue) , and they serve some excellent country cooking items as well. The pork here is whole hog, Eastern NC style barbecue cooked in electric pits with a few hickory chips thrown in near the end, and thus has little smokiness, but properly sauced it has a decent taste, though it is a little too finely chopped, in my opinion. The sauce is vinegar based, Eastern NC style without a lot of heat. This is good, solid, but not spectacular, chopped BBQ.The slaw is the yellow version ( a little mustard is added) found generally only in the east (and even there, sparingly, and I really like it, on either a plate or a sandwich. Hush puppies are very nice, among my favorites, as well. Their French Fries are just great, about as good as you'll find in any NC BBQ joint - I love'em. The BBQ Chicken here is nice also. The Brunswick Stew is ok, but doesn't wow you.The Chicken and Dumplings are very much worth a shot, as is the meatloaf, and beef tips. Sides are consistently good. This place is what it is, a solid, above average BBQ joint, and there simply aren't that many decent NC style barbecue choices in the Charlotte area. You can do much worse than eat a meal or two here.
4	Now, as a vegan, one probably is confused as to why I'd go to a barbeque place and enjoy it. Mostly I go because of the sweet tea! The waitresses are really good at making sure your glass is always full (and they give you some to go when you leave...).The owner is really kind and the building has a very old, kind, southern feel to the it. Just for the environment I would recommend it. I'm not so sure about the food though; I can tell you that the coleslaw, green beans and french fries were decent though!
4	Good 'cue, plain and simple.  The building has a very old south feel to it and lends to a good meal.  Now I'm not the biggest fan of the Eastern style vinegar-based sauce but it definitely went well with the pork.  The ribs were flavorful and large, just the way they should be.I'll definitely be stopping in once and awhile for more.
4	The person I interviewed in Charlotte brought me there so that I could taste a good old North Carolina barbecue. All I can say is thank you. This place is just cool and the food is delicious. The only thing is that you will feel heavy for the next 3 hours. But other than that, perfect place and good service. Looking forward to the Democratic convention next year to be able to go back to Bubba.
5	There food ( ANYTHING ON THE MENU ) is very, very good. Bubba is a nice guy and very friendly.  The service is fast and nice.  The prices are very fair.  I really love this place.
5	Whenever I am out of town for an extended trip I always try to find some local BBQ.  A local recommended Bubba's, and I decided to give it a try.The location is nothing pretentious, just your basic hole in the wall BBQ joint.  They do Eastern North Carolina Style BBQ (vinegar and pepper sauce), and they have a red tomato based sauce for chicken and ribs.I had a combo of chopped pork bbq and a bbq chicken breast quarter.  The chicken was incredible, and the sauce, a little on the spicy side, complimented it very well.  The BBQ was just a little dry and definitely needed sauce, and the vinegar sauce complimented it very well too.  I also had slaw, baked beans, and a small bowl of Brunswick stew.  I wish I had ordered something other than the slaw--I'm sure there are people who like vinegar based cumin seed full slaw, but I prefer mine mayonnaise based--just personal preference.  The beans were exquisite, you could taste the molasses and brown sugar in every bite.  The Brunswick stew was the most different I had ever seen.  It had the consistency of a cross between white chicken chili and chicken and dumplins.  It was quite good and included chicken, tomatoes, lima beans, and corn.  Although it was different it was some of the best I've ever tasted.If I were a local I'd definitely be a regular.
3	David loves barbecue, so after visiting some friends up north, we stopped by to grab a bite on the way home.   We had both heard people rave about how wonderful Bubba's is... so our expectations were pretty high.  I had the BBQ Chicken, David had some sort of  BBQ'd pork,  and we split an order of onion rings.  The food was good but not great.  But the employees were very friendly and helpful. Even though we had never been there before, they made us feel right at home.
4	A good kept secret.Location is off of I-77 on Sunset....just look for the pig in the yard!Great food, friendly staff, plenty of room inside, but good for take out as well.Ribs-greatChicken-greatBBQ is great
4	Semi secret and not too bad. Had a combo platter because I wanted some fried chicken too and I thought the whole deal was pretty solid. Hush puppies weren't as good as Lexington's but the pork was moist and the chicken was great.
5	Awesome eastern Carolina BBQ.  Love the sauce and Brunswick stew!
1	On a Sunday afternoon, me and my girlfriend wanted some good country barbecue, so we stumbled upon this place, this place looked very promising, so I ordered the Ribs and the pulled pork, along with coleslaw and baked beans. My girlfriend ordered the fish along with fries and baked beans. My pulled pork had no barbecue on it nor did it come with any barbecue at all, my ribs were rubbery.... I am from the Carolinas,I personally am very serious when it comes to barbecue, I don't think that I will be returning here at all. What makes everything worst is the fact that IT'S DOWN THE STREET FROM MY HOUSE.
5	I don't get the bad reviews.  The staff is super friendly, and the food is great.  I got the pulled pork and ribs, I've never been a fan I pulled pork, and I'm pretty sure you have to drown in BBQ sauce which I didn't want to do, so I can really review that part objectively.The coleslaw, bake beans and ribs were out of sight.  I liked it so much I bought a rack and styrofoam cooler to take it home in DC.  I've only had ribs this tender and good one other time, that's when my mom makes it, they're able to maintain the tenderness to the bone.Give it try for the ribs, the fresh brewed Iced Tea was nice too, if this was around the corner it would crush Rocklands my local BBQ chain.
4	BBQ cooked with electric - finished over wood. Delicious! Great service.
3	This was our third night in the Charlotte area and we had not yet tried to find some barbecue.  Bubba's looked like a good choice and was not too far from our hotel.  We were a little early and pretty much had the place to ourselves at first.Hushpuppies were provided.  They were not sweetened but were fairly oniony which covered up the mild corn flavor.  We prefer them without onion.The coleslaw was the yellow mustardy style that apparently you get in this part of the world.  I've heard it called Eastern style, but can't say I've had it this way at the other places I've been in the Piedmont and Coastal Plain.  Maybe I have just forgotten.  This one had a flavor that I had a hard time identifying.  I'm sure it came from the mustard, but is not mustard seed itself.  It reminded me of bathroom cleaner, really.  I spent most of the meal trying to figure it out, then it came to me.  They are using a flavored prepared mustard, perhaps mint or some other herb.  I found it unpleasant and distracting.  Bottom line is I did not like this version.  The green beans are pretty plain with just some onion added.  They needed salt, a splash of vinegar and a little barbecue meat, side meat or jowl or something.  The baked beans were actually the best side and they were also pretty simple.  They were probably seasoned with the rib sauce which is very dark, kind of Kansas City style.The ribs were full untrimmed spare ribs with plenty of fat.  They were not smoked, showing no pink from the process and leaving no smoke on your hands.  I don't believe they were grilled either.  Grill flavor was not there.   Whether I am correct or not, they appeared to be roasted somehow.  Later I read that they use an electric cooker, so that could explain it.  They were also very solid, toothy.  I don't want mush and don't fully subscribe to the fall-off-the-bone preference, but these were not done.  So they were underdone roast pork with an herb rub that was hidden by that heavy KC style sauce.  They are served individually cut apart.  You could never pull them apart at the table.The chopped pork barbecue was pretty much the same as the ribs in having no smoke (again the electric cooker).  Their sauce is just vinegar and red pepper, with no salt.  I have eaten a lot of eastern style sauces and love them.  This was crude and did not help the pork much.  The meat was chopped medium fine.  It was served sauced about right, not wet or dry and not fatty.  I don't expect heavy smoke in Eastern NC pork, but a little please.  This was just roasted pork to me.Some places you get poorly conceived and poorly made food.  Those I give 1-2 stars.  This was not like that, it was just not my style.  So I give them credit (three stars) for what they do, I think it is a matter of personal preference.  This experience scared us out of any further tries for barbecue while in Charlotte.  We will save it for our next trip that takes us to Raleigh and points east.
2	Being born and raised in Eastern North Carolina has made me really biased about eastern style barbecue, but I have to say that this is some of the worst eastern style barbecue that I've ever had.  I've been here a few times and on each of my three visits, i have to say that the BBQ really disappoints.  This is the first eastern style barbecue I've had that has nearly no seasoning.  During my last visit, I decided to pony up the extra money and just buy a bottle of their vinegar based sauce to season the meat with.  Even after all of that, it still wasn't very good.  I recommend that they use more salt, pepper and vinegar when cooking the hog.With that being said about the terrible BBQ, the rest of the food is actually pretty decent.  I really like their fried chicken, coleslaw, potato salad and other dishes.  I haven't tried the chicken and dumplings yet, but my friends say it's really good.The staff is always friendly and attentive and I really like the comical signs that they have outside.  I'd recommend this place for fried chicken and good sides, but I can't give the thumbs up to anyone regarding their eastern chopped barbecue.
2	I'm no barbeque expert but this food plain didn't taste good.  Ribs were laced with so much fat I couldn't even bite through them.  Hush puppies were the bright spot.  They used to serve a kick ass sweet potato pie with soft serve but that's no longer on the menu.  The restaurant was completely empty and a man I believe to be the owner was a little too friendly with us lingering at our table for a couple of awkward exchanges.  I wanted to love it but I couldn't.
2	We drove a long drive to try this bbq. I do not recommend it. The food came out cold and not fresh. The server is clueless. Kept forgetting water, high chair, etc. We got really aggravated.The ribs themselves are not good. What saved them was the bbq sauce. And thats why I'm giving 2 stars and not 1. I bought the bbq sauce to go and made my own ribs with it.Sorry bubba's... wanted to give you a better rating, but not a fan. Wont recommend
2	Ribs was good and the cole slaw as well even for me because I hate cole slaw, but that's where it ends. The kids menu was abysmal and my wife's chicken sandwich look like a lunchable. That just goes to say if you not ordering BBQ ribs and chicken then what's the point of going. On another note, for such a famous well known spot it was mediocre to me and not really worth what I spent on the food. Can't knock it to you try it, so I'm knocking it.
5	I'm from NJ and was told by some friends that I need to have East Carolina BBQ. Well I was not disappointed. This place was great. Service was even better. I will be visiting again next time I am in town.
2	I wanted to like this place, but I just can't give it more than 2 stars. In my opinion, it doesn't compare favorably to some of the other places in town. If I'm in that neighborhood again I might stop in and give it another shot, but I'm not going to go out of my way.
1	Called for delivery and was told they were closed though Yelp said they were open. Either they're wrong or Yelp is, in either case not the way to run a business.
3	Cafeteria style Q.  Bubba's Barbecue is a regular old barbecue joint that you can find all over our great 50 states.  If I'm rating Bubba's against other Carolina Q joints that make an Eastern Carolina Q...Bubba's would get a zero.  Eastern Q is made from a whole hog pit barbecue.  You can tell immediately that a whole hog was not pit smoked for an extended amount of time.If you're looking for some pork with a vinegar sauce, Bubba's will be fine...and it does have a faint hint of smoke...but traditional Eastern Carolina Q?  Not in my world.The sides and everything else is completely serviceable.  I'd liken most of the food to a cafeteria style fare.I wish I loved this place.  All of the people that work here and the owners are so awesome.  If you're not serious about smokey Q...Bubba's might work for you.
5	I visited Charlotte for a conference in 2010, so my friends insisted that I try East Carolina BBQ while I was away.  I really enjoyed it, and I appreciated the way that our server took care of us by letting us sample it and sharing his opinions before we made our selection.  It's a delightful memory from my trip.
2	Finally stopped in for lunch today after driving by Bubba's about a thousand times.  I had the BBQ pork plate w/ slaw and beans.  It was OK.  Nothing special.  Just OK.  The pork is the finely chopped eastern style. Sauce again the thin eastern style.   Which is OK, but nothing distinguishing about any of it.  Portions were good.  Price average for the area.In summary, I won't go out of my way to eat here again.  Better Q out there for sure.  But if there at the suggestion of others in a group, I'll be OK with it.
5	Cooles Restaurant mit dem besten Pulled Pork was ich je gegessen habe !! Nette Bedienung, coole Oldschool Einrichtung !! Sehr zu empfehlen !!
4	On our driving travels, we didn't want the standard fast food or Denny's/IHOP meal and saw a sign for this place on the interstate.  We pulled in and were seated immediately.  Very friendly staff and quick service.  We each had the BBQ pork sandwich, fries and slaw.  The food was really good -- not the best BBQ I'd ever had -- but fast and convenient and just what we wanted to eat.  The price was reasonable and the iced tea flowed freely.  I spoke to the owner afterwards who was very welcoming and appreciated our business (very nice!)  He said they mainly catered to their regular locals, so it was nice to see someone come in off the highway.  A nice place to visit if you're in the area.  Give them a try!
2	I am always leery of restaurants that display 20 year old accolades and newspaper articles.  This is what I was greeted with after being seated.With the temporary closure of Beatties Ford, it is more difficult to get from work to Lancasters for the Friday lunch special.  So, today, we used the closure as an excuse to try this place.  Yes, I am going to make a direct comparison between these two establishments.1.  BBQ Plate lunch special for $12.98?  Compare this to the $9 Friday special at Lancasters and my wallet knows where to go.  AND I got less food?  AND I didn't have as many side choices?2.  It smells like an elderly persons home.3.  No bacon in the green beans?  Is this even legal?4.  I saw nor tasted any sign of smoke in the meat.I left, unimpressed, and feeling like I paid too much for the meal.  Not a good feeling.  I think the Cookout across the street has better BBQ for less than half the price, and then I can afford a fancy milkshake.First impression blah blah blah.....I'm doubtful that I'll go back.  I'll be sure to take the detour and go to Lancasters next Friday.
1	The service was nice, friendly and fast.I'm giving it a 1 star for the food and price. It literally tasted and looked like everything came out of a old can. The consistency was real weird on every level. Probably the worst BBQ food I've ever had. I don't know how else to put it. But if you can avoid it, you should.It was real expensive for the quality of food too. It was $18 for a standard pulled pork plate with a drink. Seriously so bad. But they were friendly and nice. That's about it though. Sorry bubba, you need a makeover. You're giving NC BBQ a bad rep.
4	I have to say this eastern Carolina BBQ is some of the best I have had since when I was a child living in Greenville NC. My granddaddy use to take us to his favorite BBQ place just across the Tar River near the airport almost every Sunday for dinner. Living in Florida I don't get this type of 'Q down there. So when I am in Charlotte I make it a point to eat here. Twice now and counting.
3	This was okay, nothing great. Ribs were very fatty, tough, and chime bone was not cut off of the rib. Hush puppies and potato salad for good.  BBQ was also good, not great.
3	1st time in.   Typical old school BBQ joint.  They do have both eastern and western NC sauce which is nice since I do like my tomato sauce with a vinegar kick.   O rings are beer battered.  Price is a bit steep for the portion but I understand the rising cost of pork.   Good waitstaff.  No complaints there.  I recommend it for lunch if your headed this way.  Update. I hadn't tried the o rings prior to posting.  Pass.  They are frozen. Or atleast not spectacular.  Like i said.  Good lunch spot.  Will come back though next time Im thinking ribs.
1	Wow. Just was refused service because we had a large group. When we offered to break up and just sit with the family. Nope....not an option. Empty restaurant, and they would not let 18 people sit and eat. Their policy  is " no teams".  We had 6 high school girls and 12 parents.  The hostess politely  said they have had teams cause problems.  Well, this policy just cost them. None of these 12 parents will ever return. So I can't tell you how the food is. Just don't walk in as a large group. That is my tip.
