5	I know what's going to happen. I can see it now.I tell you about this place.You get all "Holy Shit!" I had no idea you could do that.And I get screwed in the process. First, stop going to DMV. This shouldn't be a problem, since you already avoid the place like your urologist's latest STD results.Begin going to L & J.They offer every service DMV does, but here's the kicker, they only charge a small fee. Like ten bucks.So the question is....would you rather sit and wait for three hours, as others check out your tats and whisper to one another? Or pay the ten bucks...no line...get in...out...and back to your life. You'll like L & JYour friends and relatives will like L & JAnd eventually, I won't, when I have to wait in line because I told you about this little gem.Don't think I did this for you.I did it because my therapist said to do something nice for someone for a change and how it'd make me feel better about myself.It didn't and I don't.
4	The lady that helped me was excellent.  We had a bit of a confusing situation with 2 different titles that have changed hands a couple times and she handled it all well."Convenience" fees seemed a little high but I guess this is Scottsdale and not Avondale.  When our agent was off handling our paperwork, at least 2 other agents came by to see if we needed help.  This was certainly appreciated as we were in a hurry. Heck, everyone is in the hurry when it comes to DMV stuff.  I would use them again.
5	What an amazing customer experience.I had many complicating factors with my relocation to Arizona involving multiple vehicles with different circumstances.  Javier spent ten minutes on the phone with me prior to my arrival and had the patience of a Saint when I appeared with a folder full of documents.  He took the time to examine each one and stepped me through what did and did not need to be done for each vehicle.  Javier is clearly an expert in his field who takes a personal interest in ensuring that his clients know precisely what needs to be done and how.  He guided me through obtaining my AZ license and how to title and register a complicated number of vehicles.I have never experienced this level of personalized customer service from any government agency in any field.  The office that I visited was incredibly warm and friendly.  The leadership team of L&J are obvious octane junkies which immediately appealed to my love of all things internally combustible.  (By the way, one of my vehicles required emissions testings and I acquired the certificate.  Does that mean my car passed gas? ;-)To describe L&J as a "motor vehicle services" organization falls short of their spirit to deliver the best possible customer experience while providing a legally required service.
1	I contacted L & J Motor Vehicle Services via phone and spoke with a Customer Service Representative about converting my motorcycle AZ RV License plate to a MC plate after complying with AZ street legal requirements, I was told by L & J that it would not be necessary to bring the motorcycle (trail bike) in for an inspection and that I would only be required to sign a form as the class I vehicle inspection is no longer required. When I arrived with all my paperwork in order, I was told by the Customer Service Representative at the front desk and her associates that the motorcycle would need to be brought in for a class I inspection which was incorrect information after driving from and back to North Central Phoenix to retrieve the motorcycle and loaded it into my truck. Just before driving back to L & J, I contacted the Arizona DMV in Scottsdale and they informed me the L & J Motor Vehicle Services was incorrect and the information provided was in conflict and opposite of what I was informed by L & J at their office. After the time lost and incorrect information, I drove to another third-party DMV office and had a positive experience with them. I just cannot recommend L & J Motor Vehicle Services.
5	Great service. Had to trans a car title we purchased out of state. They were quick and it was well worth the $20
