5	I didn't want to write a review until my second visit. Having done that this past weekend I can safely say that this is really good BBQ!! My favorite is the brisket which I think is sensational, followed by pulled pork and the chicken. I haven't had the ribs yet so I can't review those obviously.The BBQ sauce is sort of unique because it's tangy. I am not sure if those are raspberries in there or what, but they give the sauce a nice tang. At first I didn't like the bbq sauce because it was runny and more tangy than I expected, but once I put it in the fridge it thickened up and the flavor settled in perfectly. What I like most about this place is they use a type of wood which makes the meat real smokey. No clue what type of wood it is. Gf loved the potato salad and beans. The place itself is clean and neat, however it's difficult to find or see from the street because the store sign is hand-drawn and not visible from the street. I'd suggest they change that and put up a big BBQ sign up there. They serve beer on tap but I've only ordered take out so far. The takeout service I've received was always good and food didn't take too long.I gave it 5 stars even though the bbq strikes me a little bit on the greasy side (which I don't mind but some people may) and prices are a tad above what I'm used to with BBQ places. I'd definitely rate it higher than most BBQ joints on the Wesside.
5	Tha Spot has some really good BBQ!  The know how to do home cooking.  You need to try the corn on the cob, macarroni and cheese, pulled pork and dont forget the smoked hot wings!!!  Everything was great ... we will be there again soon!
5	I discovered this place by smell after driving past it for a few months.  They smell up the whole area for a few blocks around with delicious BBQ aroma when they are cooking.  I tried the brisket, it was very tasty.  The plate came with texas toast and 2 sides and the portions were decent.  I split the "heavyweight" with my girlfriend and we were both full.  I can't wait to go back and give their pulled pork a try.  I would definitely recommend giving Tha Spot a shot.
5	Really enjoyed the food and service. Delicious ribs and brisket. Mac & cheese was different, but very tasty. The owners were extremely attentive and friendly. Very reasonable prices...four of us ate for less than $40. Go try it out and support a local business
1	This place is closed...says there will be a family Italian place going in.
