4	This is my favorite Burger King in the world because it has so much character. First off, it has one of the most old-timey BK signs I've ever seen. It looks like it's from the 1950s. The service is comically bad. The staff here is incredibly slow. Sometimes they'll see you standing there and not help you for several minutes. I've had to wait in line more than 20 minutes when the line was long.And don't even think about making a special request (e.g., no mayo). You won't get it. When the service is this bad, it makes for an entertaining experience. Honestly. And the staff is friendly, even if they couldn't care less about their jobs.
1	Holy hell, don't eat at this BK.  It's dirty, crackheads swarm it, there are roaches.  Multiple people I know have gotten very sick from eating at this BK.  If you're craving Burger King, go else where.
1	I don't go here often. Occasionally, I get a craving to go there, and am quickly reminded why. The crew is slow, surly, and rude. They frequently mess up my order, and the dining room is often an outright MESS!
1	If I could give less than one star I would.  I lived around the corner from this place for 8 years.   It's consistently filthy.  The staff is typically rude.  The food is almost always disgusting (I DO like Burger King, but this restaurant is always gross)  There are a ton of other places to eat in the South Side... skip this place.
2	Oh Burger King, you had your friends going for you and then you went and changed them thus forsaking my love.  This particular location is right in the middle of the action in East Carson Street (mostly 'cus I don't think SSW is action-able, haha).It's grungy.  It can be dirty.  On a good day service is average, the rest of the time you wonder why you even bothered to show up.  BUT ... once in a while you just get a craving for some artery clogging red meat product patty, greasy fries, and pop and that's what BK is there for!
2	There's something scary about going through a drive-thru that's dark.  Come around the bend from ordering at the sign and you may think you are about to be the first victim in a new horror flick.  The bushes are overgrown, weeds popping up around them.  Then you pull around and see you have to go through a dark tunnel.A dim light flickers overhead, you hear the hum of your car engine and smell the exhaust.  You pull up to the rickety window and as it opens you almost expect an axe wielding murderer to be on the other side.  You silently pay for your food in fear that you may say the wrong thing to bring on the wrath of the employee.As you quietly pull away, you think you're almost free until you hear the *ding ding* of the bell that reminds you of pulling up to the gas pumps.  As you pull back into the light of daylight you think to yourself, 'I survived!'Well almost, that is until you discover now you have to dodge pedestrians on the sidewalk and then pray to god that you can get back onto Carson St.  Good luck with that.I wouldn't step foot in this place.  Yes, it looks all nostalgic from the outside, but once you get inside it just looks rundown.As far as Burger King goes, take the time to go elsewhere.
4	I'm seeing a lot of complaints about service, but my experience with the drive-thru here has just about always been efficient and pleasant. (Of course, any task that ends in eating a hamburger probably gets graded on a curve for me.)This is a good spot to pick up a quick lunch as you pass through the South Side...even if the dark pass-through where you grab your food kind of makes it feel like you're en route to a drug deal.
2	If you've ever said to yourself "Hey I want to eat lunch in a dirty bus station in the south this place is for you!"Consistently the dirtiest restaurant in the city and I my visits are years apart.  The food is typical burger king fare but definately get a to go bag.
1	This is the worst place you could possibly go to get food. Place is run by convicts who were placed here to have a job. You can tell they really don't care how fast they get your food out.They are constantly out of Whoppers especially on SUNDAYS AT LUNCHTIME. Part of me thinks they just don't want to serve people. Whoever is in change of this place needs to be fired. They don't even clean the place.
1	I don't know why I went back here after the last issue I had here in the Fall. Today I went in to get a Whopper Jr. value meal. The only soda they had  was a huge one in a non-Burger king foam cup. I was charged for a large, even though I only wanted a medium. The fries were not ready, so I had to wait about 6 minutes, meanwhile the Whopper Junior was getting cold.    I mentioned to an employee that there was a few slices of cheese on the floor behind the counter, I received no response. I completed my Whopper Jr. and then went up to the counter to order a 4 piece Chicken Nugget. I paid and told the server that I wanted Sweet and Sour with those, he said "we don't have sweet and sour". I then requested Barbeque. He said they had no sauces..only Ketchup.   I asked why he didn't tell me that when I ordered and he said I didn't ask.  I requested a refund and was issued one. I also noticed that the cheese slices on the floor were still there.This place has terrible service, uneducated employees with no work ethic and no social skills. The work area looks very dirty.
1	this is not burger king they used there name I like the real burger king so don,t go there
5	wow so good here, don't know if i can ever eat anywhere else! so tasty! very clean inside and good neighborhood!
1	The South Side Burger King--if you're hungry and you're in the South Side, chances are this Burger King is closed.Decades ago, I'm sure this location flourished. Unfortunately, the outdated branding and incessant loitering has ripped this once King from his throne.Dissatisfied with a $9 lunch that I bought at a local establishment, I thought I'd spend a few bucks on cheap grub at Burger King to satiate my need for quick, greasy, delicious fast food. The front door was closed, and there was a sign posted--"Please Use Side Entanc." We entered using the side entrance, and were greeted by blacked out LCD screens. Only one of them seemed to be on, and it was adorned with a floating "SOLD OUT" screensaver.The menu was printed and taped to the counter. It was heavily stained with grease and pop. "Chicken nuggets and french fries," I thought to myself. "Chicken nuggets and french fries," I repeated out loud.Another customer ahead of me inquired about the french fries. "That's all we have, they're not sending us the other kind anymore," the manager said. Steak cut. Obviously frozen. My mother used to get ones just like it at Costco. The chicken nuggets came out. They weren't the usual crowns--oh, no. They were nostalgic of my elementary school lunch chicken nuggets. I asked for barbeque sauce, and the manager rushed around back and grabbed a plastic high-ball glass before filling it up with Sweet Baby Ray's.The radio blasted 80s dance music before shifting to Simon and Garfunkel. Hello, darkness, my old friend.The solemn faces, crying children, and disgruntled coworkers around me validated my conclusion--Hell exists, and it is the South Side Burger King.
4	I am glad to know this place has opened under new management. Before this place closed, I would have probably given this joint 2 stars or less. The place was always dirty and would give me the impression that if they don't care about cleanliness in the workplace, how would that translate to their food?Now that this Burger King is back on its feet, it really seems to have made the turn for the better. The staff is attentive to detail, they are friendly, and fast. The place is also a lot cleaner. I really hope this trend continues.
1	If I could give 0 stars I would. I went there today for an early lunch and I waited in the drive thru for 30 min with no one from management or inside to explain what the problem was. I had to back out of the drive thru. I can't comment on the food since I didn't get any. I won't ever go back. New management whatever
5	Great service....everything was wonderful!   Love that there is at least one reasonably place to eat on the Southside!!!
1	ZERO STARS!!!I ordered (and was charged for) an order of chicken fries with ranch sauce, a hamburger meal, and a vanilla ice coffee. the hamburger was correct, I'll give them that. The fries were cold. I got an EMPTY chicken fry box, no ranch sauce, and the "vanilla ice coffee" was a chocolate milk. I could understand if they were busy and messed the order up because of a rush, but I was the only one in the drive thru.
2	I thought after the remodel it would've better because it honestly couldn't have gotten worse... it's the same though. Same cold fries, overdone chicken sandwiches, same annoying kids still loitering and hanging inside without buying food. On a positive note, the workers are nice and they have that futurerama Coke machine ;)Please do something about the loitering. Alot of business is getting lost because you let 14-17 year olds chill, talk loud and reckles... cursing up a storm. No employee says anything.. Yet they didn't spend $1 to contribute to your sales :/
