5	wanted a change of scenary from the loews resort...and decided on heading over to the ritz for the night...."the ritz"....familiar sound that has been embedded into my mind as the definition of old school class, elegance and luxury....the ritz carlton did not disappoint.....amazingly friendly and attentive staff...quick to make every step within the ritz comfortable as possible.....decore is impeccably classy and comfortable....neutral colored environment to make it all that more comfortable for the eyes also.....
5	Not only is the Ritz great, but the whole Lake Las Vegas experience is like a mini vacation. Check out the free Saturday evening concerts. You'll feel like you're in a different state... It's just a short drive from down town Henderson and a totally different world awaits you. *Grass*, cobble stone streets in the village.... or was I imagining that part? There's a couple of restaurants that are situated with a view of the lake. Love it.
5	What a great place to stay.  Super cozy beds, friendly and attentive staff, not at all crowded like places on the Strip and for the same price you'd pay at Bellagio (though Bellagio has **nothing** on the Ritz's service!).  We had an Executive Suite and it was awesome.  I like the homey touches and the deep soak tub.  I was expecting something in the way of snobbiness, but there was none of that anywhere I could find.  The employees and the guests there at the time were all just real, nice people.  The 'village' it is part of is a neat place as well.  We went to a cigar bar just outside the Ritz, and there was a live band playing and taking requests.  It was a neat time sitting under the stars watching a good band and not being crushed by a crowd.The one complaint I would have is that the Ritz has a small (by Vegas standards) casino.  Now, that would be fine, but they have multi-deck shoe blackjack and not many fun slots (by my sense of fun - and their slots were mean to me that day!).  There was maybe 1 person at one of the game tables when we went, and a handful of people playing slots.  The good thing is though, the Strip is a 15 minute drive away.Did I mention that they were playing movies for the kids on an inflatable movie screen by the pool those Friday and Saturday nights (1 movie each weekend night)?  How cool is that!  Their pool is open 24hrs as well.   I would stay here again in a heartbeat. Excellent for a romantic getaway, or a quiet getaway, and they have packages!  :)
5	I've really enjoyed Lake Las Vegas the couple of times I've been there.  It is beautifully designed, and has a bit of a village feel. It is modeled after Tuscany's building-bridge design.  The view of the bridge/building over the water- and the view from the building onto the water- is very pretty.  Night concerts by the water are fun and relaxing, and the little shops are fun to visit and lit prettily at night. This place is on my list of sites to bring my friends to. What a peaceful, beautiful place!
5	Relaxing pimpdom.  I just wished you didn't have to sneak dogs into the hotel rooms :PThe fitness center/spa area is great.  They have these relaxation pools that are complimentary guests which are awesome...just hope there aren't Japanese guys running around naked in there when you're there.  Whatever..its their thing.  I like the rooms at the Four Seasons on the strip a little more than this place but only just a little bit.
3	All I can say is....booooooorrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrriiiiiiinnnnnnnngggggg. *zzzzz*I expected more.  The price was really reasonable, but I wouldn't stay here again if I was going to Vegas.
5	Believe it or not, I returned from Las Vegas relaxed and well-rested.  WTF?  I owe it all to the wondrous Ritz-Carlton (and of course, their spa).  We came out to Vegas for a wedding and since the hubs likes to hit the greens (that's greens, not green), we needed to find a resort with a golf/spa package.  We opted for the Ritz-Carlton over the Montelago (right next door) because:1.  The Montelago only offered 1 round/spa treatment per person for the entire stay.2.  It would cost MORE to stay at the Montelago and get additional rounds/treatments to match what the Ritz-Carlton offered.3.  It's the freaking Ritz-Carlton.All told, we paid $399/night for the room, a 50-minute spa treatment, and unlimited rounds of golf.  Also included were the spa gratuity and resort fee.  We were more than happy with everything we got in our package - and of course, the service is top notch.  We were upgraded to a lake-view room with a balcony because we opted to pay for "club lounge use" - which basically means unlimited wine, champagne, sodas, cookies, candies, and several light meals offered a day.  Basically I ate like I was on a cruise ship, only it was the wine making me rock and not a boat!I really can't wait to go back.  It's not the typical Vegas experience, but it's a great alternative if you're a bit tired of that scene.
4	My family tends to stay here a lot when in Vegas because of the kids that come along and the lake and all the activities available for them is better here.  They have bicycles that you can rent and ride around the resort.  It's of course pricey but you really get what you pay for when you're here. It doesn't feel like you're in Vegas when you go here but it also kind of sucks since it's a bit far from the strip.  About a good 15-20 minute drive.  Longer if you're driving at night of course and with all the traffic!Good if you have young ones.
5	a trip to las vegas isn't the same anymore unless it's at the ritz! l love the atmostphere, the service, and the free spa!! l spent about 2 whole days lounging around the pool/spa enjoying the relaxed calm that comes from being away from the strip :) will always recommend this to friends who want to do something different for their vegas trip! of course it always helps if you know someone who works for the hotel so you can get the rooms for half price!the food is ok, definitely worth the drive into the strip to eat dinner. the gambling is fair at the other hotel, not too crowded and plenty of slot game selections. but the spa and the 24 hr pool is what puts this hotel above all others
3	I feel guilty that I don't get what all the hype is about.  Sure, the service is professional and courteous.  Yes, the linens are extra nice.  The grounds are pretty, yada yada yada.  I just don't get the hype, and  guess that's because I've had equally nice things from other hotels such as the J.W. Marriott line and Hyatt.  I spent 4 nights on per diem and the weather could not have sucked more.  We were putting in some long days, but to make matters worse, the weather was so cold that it was not inviting to go outside.  The most beautiful day, by far, was on Wednesday when it snowed.  We left the airport early (just as it started to come down), and found that as we got closer to the lake, the snowfall was getting heavier and heavier.  Once I made it back to the hotel, I opened all the curtains so I could see all the snow falling on the lake and sidewalks.  It was very pretty and totally out of nowhere.  Who would've guessed that much snow would fall on VEGAS?!?I did have the chance to check out their fitness center and spa on Sunday and have to say that they are both unbelievable.  The fitness center isn't as nice as their Marina del Ray location, but it still beats some, if not most, hotels.  The spa was fantastic; I got the place to myself and used the jacuzzi, the small indoor pool, steam room and relaxation room.  The lobby bar has a great menu of drinks.  I got something with some crushed basil in it and while it was totally different, it was actually very good.  There is a self parking garage adjacent to the hotel, and the parking there is no charge.  It's about a 20 min drive to the airport and 25 min drive to the 215 and Las Vegas Blvd.  Would I stay here again?  Sure, why not, but I wouldn't go out of my way to make sure i had a reservation there.
5	Seriously this is almost as good as it gets when it comes to hotel stays. Since we were there during the off-peak season, the place was practically empty which meant better and more personalized service for me and the family. Upon check-in, the front desk noticed that we had a young child with us and she automatically switched us to a suite on the quieter side of the hotel...rather than on the side where live music is played until 1am! In fact, many members of the hotel staff noticed my 18-month old daughter and went out of their way to make her stay as enjoyable as possible. During afternoon tea, the wait staff played with my baby and brought her extra scones (about 1/2 a dozen) for us to bring up to our suite since those were the baby's favorite. The woman who worked at the concierge desk actually chased us down the hall to give us a Gund stuffed lion (a lion is the ritz's symbol) for the baby. In addition, housekeeping left a little toiletry kit for the baby which included a rubber ducky, baby shampoo and lotion. Most hotels don't go out of their way to welcome their little guests so this was a pleasant change. We all had a relaxing, quiet visit and would go back to the Ritz Carlton at Lake Las Vegas even though they are located about 30 minutes from the strip.
5	Gentlemen, start you engines.Weather was bad in HTX and nothing happening so thought I would go search for an alternative location. Needed to get some flying hours in so I rang my pal and asked if he was making a trip anywhere this weekend and needed a co-driver. "Not going anywhere but you can take the wings if you want." Never a look a gift plane in the props. Deal. Made a few calls grabbed the swag bag and headed to the airfield and met up. Ride West was bumpy but I like it like that, makes it more interesting. From previous visits I know the best deal is the Club floor with a room on the Pontevecchio Bridge. Each room comes with a balcony overlooking the Lake and provides access to the Club lounge with a dedicated concierge. You get continuous culinary offerings throughout the day breakfast, light snacks, 'horses doofers', beverages and sweets and it is all complimentary. Yes, read it and weep! This location is surrounded by all the amenities you need for - live music, exercising, gambling,  shopping and a million other things. The strip is a Ritz courtesy car away if you want to go but, why leave this oasis in the desert. Booked Saturday Afternoon Tea in the Firenze as part of the reservation. Got checked in, showered and trotted off for delicious finger sarneys followed by freshly baked scones and champagne strawberry jam with Clotted cream before heading out for a ride round the lake. Back for the steam and massage in the spa then togged up for dinner in the Medici. ...shared the Fried Buffalo Mozzarella, Roasted Eggplant and Aged Balsamic Vinegar then Dungeness Crab, Asparagus Risotto and Mascarpone Cheese Rosemary-Grilled Lamb Chops infused with Balsamic Mint Essence rounded off with Armagnacs. The RC dining experience is always without equal wherever you are in the World and we were not let down here......everything was perfectly cooked and delivered. Headed off to the on site casino, luck be a Lady tonight..you know how it goes..... Nose down, tail up....... ; )You should try this little slice of heaven and remember, go hungry and get a Club floor room. You can eat and drink the equivalent of your bill.
5	I stayed here when it first opened.  I had a one bedroom suite that just rocked.  Huge comfortable room.....Club lounge, and service was outstanding.  They served incredible snacks, appetizers and deserts........all day.No beautiul views, but another incredible Ritz property..
5	Our family of 3 stayed at the RC LLV for 4 nights in April 2009. Outstanding accommodations, pool areas, food, and staff. Since the hotel has no casino, it is appropriate for younger children (the hotel provides board games and pool toys). We generally stay at the Four Seasons or the RC for our travels. This one is a gem and should not be missed. An oasis in the desert. We will return next April.
5	We went on our honey moon on 07/01/09 -07/03/09, this place was great, having stayed on the strip at many 5 star hotel (Wynn, palazzio, four season, etc...) the room was great, we had the basic guest room, the bath room was wonderful and the room was upgraded with a plasma and up to date amenities. Reading reviews for this place, you might hear people say it was like a ghost town with no one there and shops were closed, but, honestly that's the great part about it, the place had people the but it wasn't sprawling with people or over crowded, if you want that you can take the 95 freeway to the strip (it took us about 15 mins. to get there) this is not a place for you if your looking for the hustle and bustle of the strip. The Ritz felt like my home and staff was our employees everyone was so friendly, while walking the halls you do run into other guest but its not a crowd and doesn't have the smell of a casino although there is a casino on the property (maybe 3 mins. walking distance) the pool was great and the ocean like pool was wonderful with the water fall at your back. Everything on the week days in the village closes around 9-11 so if you want something to eat you'll have to do room service (not recommended expensive like everywhere) or you can drive down the road (10 mins.) to the shopping center and buy food (fast food, or groceries stores, highly recommended) the grounds are wonderful and you feel like you are actually on vacation on a island village even though your in Las Vegas you don't feel like your in the I've already did this Vegas setting. Just walking around the village was great at night and during the day. Went to the Monte logo hotel and asked to view a room, they gave us a key, it was horrible compared to the Ritz (pure luxury) we were glad we stayed at the Ritz, The Ritz also had a event called movie at the lake were they played a movie on the lake, that's when we saw the slew of people come out and it got a little crowded but not over baring, the day we left was the 3rd, and they were gearing up for the 4th, and that's when a slew of people were checking in and the grounds really started to get lively with bodies and we were told by the cafe in the village they stayed open later on the weekends. Over all the stay was great and we didn't want to leave, we promised ourselves that we would go back soon. If you want to relax and enjoy the hotel (pool, sitting by the fire pit at night spend a few dollars at the local casino) i would definitely recommend this location plus if you find yourself wired and up at night the strip is only 15 mins. away. Probably the most important part to people whom are searching for a room, the room looks exactly like it does on the Ritz Carlton web site its not a staged room that's how it really looks which is great and if you can get a credit to spend at the hotel from like expedia or one of those site also a plus.
3	Stayed here for 2 nights for 4th of July weekend this year. Boy was it HOT! Never felt heat like that before.The hotel was great. Not much to do though... Plus:+ I spent 3 days tanning all day by the pool sipping on Pina Coladas! (Pina Coladas were yummy, but spending all day by the pool for the whole weekend, is kind of boring... there's nothing to do there)+ Best bath products I've used in a hotel!+ fireplace in the courtyard, but who wants to sit next to a fireplace when it's over 100 degrees.+ pet friendly+ good breakfast (room service) cute mickey mouse pancakes!+ water & apples in lobby+great size room & bathroom.Negative:- NO DECENT FOOD! The food at the pool wasn't that great, even the bbq on 4th of July by the pool wasn't good either. Italian place on the bottom of the hotel was blah. The lounge food was okay... selection was really small!- Pool was really crowded.- The movie that weekend got canceled.- you have to pay for hotel postcards! (Most hotels give it for free)- Bad location! In the middle of no where.This will be my first and last visit. Come here if you just want to be in the middle of no where doing nothing but lay at the pool.
5	We just got married here on Saturday and everything was absolutely perfect. The service that my guests received was top notch!  The hotel is far from the strip but, if you are looking for a peaceful experience, stay at the Ritz!!!  The spa is gorgeous, great fitness classes, great gym, great pool, and GORGEOUS views. The rooms are clean, comfortable, and feature high end furniture & appliances.I can not say enough about the hospitality of every single employee.  The Ritz knows how to treat their guests!  My new husband and I can not wait to go back for our anniversary!!
3	We stayed 3 nights and the place was empty for the most part.  It's starting to look a bit tattered, unkept.
5	The Ritz Carlton has always been on the top echelon of hotels to stay at.  Their spa is by far one of the best that exists.  The service and attention to detail has always impressed me.  It's always been a hotel that specializes in the small things that add to the overall experience.  Sadly this great hotel will be closing and leaving the Vegas market.  I can only hope they will find a home somewhere inside the city and give the Wynn, Palazzo, Bellagio a real run for their money.... and clients.
1	The hotel is closed
