5	I called the sprinkler doctors at 8:15 on a Monday morning because my sprinklers had not been working for over a week. They came out within the hour.... Noticed immediately that my water had been shut off!  They reprogrammed my system and confirmed all the zones were working. Didn't waste any time or try and sell me anything. I would definitely recommend the sprinkler doctors!(I live in sf but called them for my mother who lives in Mesa az)
5	Paul and Eldon are great. They communicate well, show up on time and do excellent work. I am a first time home owner and new to Arizona. I have had some very shoddy work done by other companies but I would not hesitate to refer these guys to anyone.
5	Whenever we have had an irrigation problem, which in Arizona happens every summer it seems like, we call the Sprinkler Doctors.  They always go the extra mile in making sure all of the drip lines are fixed, the timer is set correctly and everything is operational.  They show up at their appointment time and will call ahead to let you know they are on their way which I appreciate.
5	Great customer service.  Repair technician did a great job and had my system back up and running wonderfully.
1	This was one of the worst companies I have done business with in years, no kidding.    We make an appointment the week before, mind you it is 110 in Phoenix and its a LARGE grass backyard, the guy shows up on Monday the following week, looks at my 5 valves and says.." I have to come back tomorrow...  he had another appointment. He then shows up on Tuesday, works for a short period of time then leaves again with the job STILL not completed... He then says, I need to come back again and makes an appointment for Friday.. he could not come earlier due to his need to do payroll...   This company, it's owner and their way of doing business are all horrible... I would NEVER do business with them again... ever... I called and left a message, and even that was never returned....   I have changed out many a valve, it's not rocket science... even a total manifold swap.... I would of done this one but JUST had a baby.... ANY qualified person could of taken care of that job in one pop ....especially with a truck filled with the correct supplies.  There was no excuse for such professional behavior....Stay away from this business.... that is my opinion and I am sticking to it....
5	You don't need to call anyone else for your sprinkler issues.  These guys are the best.  Eldon [the owner] showed up right on time [actually early] and was able to identify and repair the problem in about an hour.  Honest, friendly, and inexpensive.  The Sprinkler Doctor has my business for life!
5	We hired Sprinkler Doctors to help us repair several issues in the yard.  Eldon (I'm pretty sure he's the owner) was on time.  He's a very professional, clean cut, nice guy.  He did have to come back after his initial visit because he ran out of parts, but that was our fault because we neglected to tell him that we have an acre....he had to change over 20 heads!!  :)  Great pricing, overall a fantastic experience with a great company.  We will continue to call them for any future issues!
5	I needed help in figuring out some issues with my back yard drip system.  I left a message over the weekend. First thing Monday, I got a call from a friendly woman who scheduled a service call for the following day. Jay showed up exactly when promised, and quickly figured out the problem spots.  I'm always happy to find businesses like Sprinkler Doctors with friendly, genuine people. My experience was great. I'll definitely use them again in the future..
1	Used these guys last year 2012 and they were great...called them a few weeks ago for appt and first day they were a no show and didn't calk until 4pm to say sorry and setup appt for next day...next day they were no show again and never called. Never returned our calls either and never heard from again. Not sure if new mgmt now but thats horrible service
1	Called on 11/12/13 for an appointment set by Mike for 11/13 at 10 a.m., and this person did not show up nor did he call.  I called this business because their ad states that whoever represents this company is an Ahwatukee resident.  I hoped someone would show up promptly and quickly.  I am very disappointed in this company.
5	After having used a bunch of repair guys for irrigation, i started using Sprinkler Doctors for my rentals and my own house. I have had Eldon, Jay and Wade out to my place. They always are on time and give me a call when they are in route. The techs know how to diagnose and fix it right.  My irrigation clock wouldn't work and i was expecting a several hundred dollar bill for my favorite rain dial clock that I put on all my properties. Eldon came out and discovered the heat had cracked the soder on the circuit board (az sun). He pulled out his sodering iron and fixed it. couldn't believe it and save me a few hundred bucks.  I was amazed and the repair was a fraction of the price of a new clock. Most techs aren't that smart to be able to fix it.  Eldon is very smart and skilled in his trade.   would highly recommend them.  pricing is always very reasonable and inexpensive compared to other guys I have used.  FYI there is another sprinkler repair guy (not licensed)  in ahwatukee that calls himself the "sprinkler doctor" too. Don't get him confused with Eldon and his company.
5	I called these guys on a Thursday afternoon.. Eldon called back and said Melanie would be calling me shortly to schedule an appointment... They were at my house the following morning... Jay was able to find the problem and fix it within an hour.. Great service and a friendly bunch! Would definitely recommend them to friends and family.
5	Sprinkler Doctors was a truly great experience for me. I was quoted by another company  for a $10,000 redo of our sprinkler system.  Sprinkler Doctors came out and in 1 hour had our system fixed for $150.  What a great company that I will now recommend to all of my friends!
5	Eldon and Loren resolved all our irrigation issues today in an hour for les than $80.  They were professional, competent, friendly and on time.  Eldon taught us alot about irrigation that will pay dividends for us in the future.  No need to look further for irrigation repairs or replacement in the Valley!
5	Excellent experience with Sprinkler Doctors!I called, left a voice mail and submitted a request for service on their web site.They got back to me the same day and scheduled a technician to come out on Wednesday between noon and three.I was told the tech would call me prior to arrival to confirm, and Jay did just that.The house call carries a base $60 charge, which more or less is applied to the first hour of work done.Jay was able to quickly identify the problem with one of the valve solenoids.  In addition to replacing that he inspected all of the sprinkler heads and found a couple more problems.Lastly he asked if I wanted him to program the timer, which I had him do as well.The systems is running the best it has in 5 years.I'm VERY happy with the entire experience!I would definitely call them again or refer them to anyone having issues with their irrigation system.
5	Wow! These guys rock! Had what I consider to be a major repipe issue w/ previous sprinkler valves, saw the great reviews, and thought I'd try them out, I did discover they are licensed, bonded and insured, important to know. Called Eldon, sent him a pic from my phone, he said " no problem " amazed me with his confidence, came out a few days later after scheduling w/ Melanie who was very kind and helpful too! Great people to work with on all levels! So I get home, check out Eldon's work, and I was very impressed! Not only did he redo the plumbing neatly and orderly including new valves and solenoids, he also replaced the landscaping rocks and dirt to better than original condition!! He was a joy to work with, and if you want the work done correctly and on time, THIS is the company for you! Look no further!
5	Eldon is the man!  He knows how to get the job done the right way and is honest when he does it.  It's nice to be able to trust someone with a business and who is willing to go the extra mile to take care of you!  Did you know they just started doing yard maintenance?Check out Landscape Doctors!
5	Had some trees removed on my property about a month ago, after which my irrigation system (about which I know absolutely NOTHING) stopped watering some plants and all trees.  A neighbor referred me to Sprinkler Doctors so I gave them a call.  Wade came by on a 107 degree afternoon, and after some testing and digging (poor guy) he determined that somewhere between the control box and God knows where, a wire had been cut.  I evidently have a double wiring system, (can you tell I have absolutely no clue what I am talking about?) and he was able to rewire both parts of the system so that it ran on the part that was not broken.  So thanks to wade and sprinkler doctors, I am up and running again.  Would definitely call these guys again  and recommend to others. A good, honest, reasonably priced service.
5	I called Sprinkler Doctors based on yelp reviews.  I couldn't be happier.  So happy, I was inspired to post my first yelp review!  Had a couple major leaks in my irrigation lines.  I tried to fix them myself, but the lines were underground and hard to tell where the leaks were forming.  Jason came out and located all the leaks.  He was very polite and fixed them all very quickly.  He even helped me set up the timer correctly.  I had it all screwed up.  Very reasonably prices.  Especially since it was blazing hot and he did a lot of digging!  Highly recommend this company.
5	I rarely write reviews, however, I am making an exception after doing business with Eldon and his partner.  They both came to my house and were honest about my problem.  Obviously, I had no idea what was wrong.  A company came out before Eldon and told me they may need to pull up my drive way (in which case I would have laid rock over the grass due to cost).  Then Eldon assessed it and it was a $50 fix.  Seriously.  They not only fixed the broken sprinkler but also adjusted the rest of them free of charge.  Thankful for honest people like Eldon and his crew.
2	Great on-site service, however the service wasn't able to overall fix our problem. We were told after one leak was fixed, that working on that leak naturally caused another leak (due to the age of our irrigation hose.) ultimately we had two separate service calls, both that fixed two separate leaks (the second leak caused by the first repair), that ultimately 'moved' the leak to another spot. In the end, we still have a leak. This service sounds like it is ideal if your irrigation system hose is somewhat new (less than 8-9 years old).
5	Sprinkler Doctors, how I love you!  Let me count the ways...1.  Melanie is so very professional and helpful on the phone.  I left a message and she called back very quickly and got me scheduled right away.2.  The "sprinkler doctor", in my case Jason, was scheduled to arrive "between 8-11", which for some companies means "clear your day.  You will be waiting".  However, Jason called me BEFORE 8 to ask if it was okay to come early, since he was running AHEAD of schedule.  3. Jason arrives, gets to work, and--what's this??--is done in just over an hour. He charges me only for the first hour --$60 for labor, and parts.  I have had this leak in my backyard for months.  Why have I been putting this fix off for so long???  I'll tell you...because I didn't want to deal with a "professional" coming in, taking forever to tear everything up and then charge me an arm and a leg.  I schedule to have him back on Monday to put in my drip system since this was so painless. 4.  Monday morning, Jason is here bright and early.  Gets to work, and again is done in about an hour.  He demonstrates what he has done and how everything works.5.  I am now looking at the drip system in my FRONT yard, that hasn't worked in years.  I will be calling to get Jason back for that!6.  This was an unexpectedly hassle-free, low-cost experience!  I couldn't be happier.  Great company...I will be telling my friends.
5	These guys are top notch in price, work, service, and communication. A bit of backstory...right now I'm in the process of having the exterior of my home repainted, a flat roof patio cover repaired (and the roofing replaced), as well as having some masonry work done on the walls surrounding my property. The reason I mention this is, after getting 3 quotes for each job that needs to be completed, you get pretty good at telling who you'd like working on your home and/or being around your family and who you would not.That being said, I had a leak in my front yard drip system that I had been putting off after my landscapers never returned my emails (sorry guys, I'll pull my own weeds and plant my own trees now that I've got a great sprinkler guy). Long story short, Eldon arrived on time, got straight to work after I explained the issue, was reasonably priced, communicated extremely well regarding the work being done and ways to improve the system in the future (don't worry, there was no up selling going on), and was a genuine expert in his field. If you're looking for a great sprinkler guy, I wouldn't hesitate to call.
5	Excellent. Probably the 4th or 5th sprinkler company I've had come out in our time here in the Valley, because I'm always disappointed or overcharged. Left a message for their office on Wednesday, heard back on Thursday and got a Monday appointment for an 8-11 block. Wade called at 8:00 and was on his way. Told him what I needed (a few heads replaced, spray patterns adjusted). He did that, but also found that pressure was low and found & repaired the leak. In and out in under an hour, super polite and reasonably priced. Will call them again next time in a heartbeat.
5	Great experience with these guys! Professional, quick and very affordable. I highly recommend you hire them if you need sprinkler help.
5	THE BEST!   Humble Price. Quality Work.I'm so grateful for people like them.  Jason in particular, who did the work. I had one problem and he fixed in like 10 minutes, then he rushed for the next 50 minutes to get as much work done as possible in an hour. Most people hang around and take their time, twiddling their thumbs, but not Jason, he gets cranking.  I appreciate his dedication to trying to make it worth it for me.I hope this business continues to grow.  They deserve it.
5	Stop looking- you found your Sprinkler guys!  They even have a landscaping division called Yard Doctors.  I was so happy with their FAST and professional service that I switched to their landscaping too.  I have yet to be disappointed.
5	I really like these folks. I sent them an email with my problem. The young lady melanie  responded that night and had had the Technician call me the next day to discuss the problem and we setup a window of time for them to visit..The guy (Jay) who came to visit was very friendly and polite, He even spent some time trying to see if he could get my old Toro sprinkler timer to work, but he ended up with the same symptoms I had seen.  However kudos to them for checking it out to see if the replacement was necessary. Also the guy was very careful not to wake up some sleeping grandkids.. :-)Good price, very friendly and helpful service. will definitely use these folks again.Out of curiosity I checked the Amazon reviews on the Irrigation Timer they had recommended (Raindial-R external) and it gets excellent reviews.Melanie was super friendly the couple of times we chatted.
5	Excellent, fast, affordable service. So happy I found this company on Yelp. Just call and they will be there! I can't say enough good about them just so appreciate their service and highly recommend them. Thanks again Jason an Melanie.
