4	I came here a couple of days ago having to do a return. I rarely return anything but in this case I had to because I was having negative reactions to Bath and Body's version of the plug in air freshener called Wallflowers. I was nervous about it because I got carried away and bought about fifty of them over the past couple of months. I had a receipt for only half of them. I was embarrassed at first because here I was returning things during their Big Sale...holding up the line. The cashier was really nice though and made the transaction smooth and easy. On their receipts it says if you are not happy then bring it back ..100% guaranteed. I didn't think they really meant it ...but they do! I ended buying some face cream, sunblock, Vanilla Lavender lotion and scrub. Buy two get two free..yay! It was a good deal and I was glad that I found something that I can use during their awesome sale!
4	I've been to this B&BWs a few times and it's always an efficient experience. I walk in usually knowing exactly what I want, so the saleslady is usually nice enough to track it down for me and ring me up. This place is always a minute away from running a sale, so keep an eye out for those!
4	The store is full of fun colors, fragrances and candles.  I always enjoy coming here for gifts but I also enjoy buying things for myself.  When I walk in the store, I usually get greeted by a salesperson who will gladly show me to my favorites.  I really enjoy being able to just browse and smell new scents, and try on new lotions.  There are specials and you can usually get a good deal.  Sign up for coupons and you can save even more.
4	I love this store, and could happily spend my whole paycheck here.. Which, sadly, wouldn't be that hard considering the prices. The prices are really the only thing that keeps me from coming here more often. The service is great, I love the way the place looks and smells, and the products have NEVER irritated my sensitive skin, which is a big plus. I have to be pretty careful about the products I use, but I've never had a problem in all the years I've shopped with Bath and Body Works.I love the candles too, they always smell so nice, without being overwhelming. :)
5	It's great to be able to shop at Bath and Body and not have to go to the mall! I hate the mall and I hate hoards of people, therefore, I love this store.I think that it is bigger than a mall location too.They have lots and lots of soaps and lotions and the employees are always nice and helpful but not annoying.
5	It's good to go to a location not inside a mall. Clean store and non irritating ingredients. I like their hand soap, definitely worth it. This branch sell fast so I end up going to a different branch or online at times.
1	Went to the store to do a return at this lotion and  I could not find my sales receipt I call the store where I originally purchased this item in the store manager told me that I can return it to any store they can look up my receipt because I couldn't find it so I went to the store Boca park and her name is sherry and she said that I could not return it because I don't have a receipt so not only was she there there was also another guy there who's been working there for a long time and all of them and this other girl that was working there she's a cashier all of them   agree that they could not do my return without a receipt so I called over to meadows mall and I spoke to the manager there and she said most definitely you can do a return without a receipt they can look it up very bad experience I spent 20 minutes of my own personal time going through this the girl that was the manager at Boca park that somebody should have known to the store policies just as the person at Meadows mall new the store policies and she too was a manager unacceptable poor customer service I would not recommend this place to anyone
5	This is my favorite bath and body works location. Although I normally do my hunting online, occasionally I wont want to wait a week for delivery and I make my way into this location. The staff is always very friendly and helpful. I have found they are open about the future sales coming up, so I have been able to save money by coming back in for the 2 for $22 candle sales rather that stocking up at full price. I also have always found the location very clean and organized.
4	Hailing from The Buckeye State and likely owing at least some aspects of my education and the halls in which I received my degrees to the founders of Bath and Body Works I'll simply say that although 'retail' prices are ridiculous, for those willing to wait for a sale it is tough to beat what the company has to offer.  Still somewhat bitter about the discontinuation of Brown Sugar and Fig I've managed to find some solace in Japanese Cherry Blossom and Sweet Pea, while Wallflowers continue to keep my house well perfumed with vanilla notes at all times.  Friendly clerks, good business morals, and supporting my home state - for that I can even tolerate the headache inducing experience of this place at the Holidays.
5	Love this store and the good sales they have. You can smell the wonderful scents before you walk in the store!! I love the aromatherapy products, the true blue body butter, the three wick candles and the wall plug in refills. They really know how to make you shop!!
4	I don't frequent Bath & Body Works if I can help it. Around the holidays all the discounts and coupons call to me and I end up buying way too much and stock up not only my own medicine cabinet but my family's as well.This location had very helpful employees and organized shelves. I appreciated the help as I tend to wander around aimlessly, overwhelmed by all the colors and scents.
5	Great specials 3 lotions and get one free and 3 wick candles $12. What a bargain. So first it is to long now it is to short. Great selection of all things that smell great from lotions the candles are girly girl store. With a few things for the guys clones and shaving equipment! Take that yelp establishment! TTFN!!
