5	MACARONS!!!! I've died and gone to heaven. They are so light and fluffy. A little crunch on the outside and chewy on the inside, not to mention the filling! YUMMMM! I think I've pretty much tried all the flavors. Vanilla, pistachio and coffee are my favorites. I even tried the seasonal orange, which was delicious as well. Good thing Vegas is the closest Bouchon bakery to me or else I might be buying them every week!Definitely a must try if you're visiting Vegas.
2	Wow, really?  Bought one item from them, a ham and cheese croissant.  First, I couldn't pay with my credit card since they weren't ready for such a strange form of payment.  Then, they were supposedly heating my order up with their toaster oven press and when I got to my room it was as if they had taken it out of the refrigerator.  Too bad I didn't notice it until I was already to my room.  Obviously they didn't have their little heater plugged in or something.  Plus, the woman at the counter who took my cash didn't even say thank you.  The other lady who thought she was heating up my order did say thank you to me.  That's the only reason they're getting two stars and not one.  You provide lousy service; you get one or two stars from me on Yelp.  Don't underestimate the power of reviews from real customers.  It'll decrease your businesses if you stink.  Thanks for reading.
5	I've actually been trying to come here since the last time I visited Las Vegas but it always seem to be closed when I tried to go. I FINALLY WENT! They had so many different pastries and baked goods to choose one. It took me a while to decide on the Better Nutter (reinvented nutter butter) and a tropezienne (not really sure if that's spelled correctly). My boyfriend got the strawberry croissant and the pain au chocolat. I really enjoyed the Better Nutter. It was very tasty, and brought back the memories of eating Nutter Butters but SOOOOO MUCH BETTER. I'd definitely come back for these =] highly recommendedThe tropezienne is like a bready pastry with cream in the middle, there was also strawberry slices in it. It was good but if I could only choose one I'd go for the Better Nutter.I also tried the strawberry croissant, and that was very tasty also.Overall, I'll be coming back to Bouchon on my next visit to Las Vegas
4	The bottom line: A breath of fresh air to find such good pastries in the middle of the LV strip no less. I took a star off for the horrible American style coffee. How can a place like this not have proper European coffee?!The Pros: The pastries are very good and some are unique (i.e. I have not seen them elsewhere - such as the strawberry croissant). The service was nice every time we were there. I think that the prices are fair for the product.The Cons: The coffee is not good at all. There is no elegant seating / venue to complement the experience.
4	We tried the Cheese Danish w lemon. Creamy, flaky and not overly sweet. It was fantastic. Chocolate croissant was yummy too!
4	Wow...over 2000+ reviews! Don't want to be repetitive to other reviews so I'm just going to list some drinks I always love to get.Located at The Venetian Hotel on casino level, Bouchon Bakery is pretty hidden to first timers. DO NOT get this mistaken for Bouchon Restaurant, this is totally separate area. Bouchon Bakery is a small coffee/bakery stand tucked behind a set of escalators closest to parking garage down to casino level.I always get:-small hot caramel macchiato. -small hot hazelnut latte.Perfect amount of caffeine and flavoring. This place sure beats the heck outta that nasty Coffee Bean literally located just right on the second level. Take the escalators down and grab your coffee/pastries here instead!
2	Long line, inefficient staff. Maybe my expectations were too high but it just wasn't as good as I was hoping for the calories. We had the bread pudding and carrot cake cookie. Eh.
1	First: Please note that many people are reviewing the restaurant  NOT the bakery. My review is for the bakery. I have been coming here for years, but I am extremely sad to report that my last two visits have revealed that they just don't care any more. They seem content to just coast on their laurels selling this stuff to rubes and foreigners The coffee is good, but the pastry is where they need to re-focus.  First, the biggest offender is their Macarons. They served us a nasty hateful hard lump of a cookie last week. This thing was seriously rock hard. They are supposed to be crispy with a slightly softer interior.  That is the WHOLE POINT of the cookie.  When we complained they said "that is the way they are supposed to be, and the softer ones are old" No, no, they are not. You overcooked the crap out of these which formed, essentially, a meringue.  I have eaten Macrons across the world and made them myself. I was in Paris a few month ago and took down a half dozen of these from Laduree. I am pretty familiar with this stupid little cookie because my wife loves them. Do not insult me by telling me this hammer-substitute is in any way acceptable. They told us to take it up with the downstairs location if we did not like it and refused to refund or exchange the cookie.  Astounding. The rest of the menu items have just gone downhill. Their croissants are all but indistinguishable from the stuff they sling at buffets.  The outside should be flakey and the inside tender. Not some glupey congealed mess. You know how I know its a terrible croissant? There was absolutely no flakes to clean up. I hope Dominique Ansel opens a location and shows you guys whats up.
4	So this is *not* the restaurant.  This is the little stand at the bottom by the escalators @ the Venetian.  The Bouchon restaurant is at the 10th floor of the Venetian, which I was super confused with after reading these reviews initially. So let's review the bakery first: 1) BOUCHON BAKERY - (little stand)This is a line-up grab & go service.  They serve a variety of delicious cookies, cupcakes, and pastries as well as coffees & other hot drinks.  The stuff they have is delicious.  Definitely try their almond croissant and their chocolate croissant.  Their chocolate croissant even beats Jean Phillipe (at the Bellagio).  If you've got an insane sweet tooth, then try the apple croissant.  I wouldn't suggest that one for breakfast though b/c it was way too sweet for my liking. 2) BOUCHON RESTAURANT - 10th floor of the Venetian So like everywhere in the Vegas hotels, you take a convoluted route before you can actually find your final destination because everything here is so big.  However, this restaurant was well worth the convoluted trip.  There is a huge variety of brunch options including quiches, pastries, eggs, etc.  I like that they can do your eggs *any* style and they mean it - including scrambled egg whites - my favourite.  I also ADORED their chocolate croissant - it was seriously delicious.  They have that downstairs at the bakery too.  So overall, a great find and definitely worth going again!
5	By far the best croissant, flakey, crisp, every bite was amazing, the food had great flavour and really good service, best experience i had in las vegas.
5	My favorite bakery in Vegas! Choco croissant and choco cupcakes were excellent. Brownies and macaroons D Best! Definitely, a must try when you are in Vegas. Bouchon also has a restaurant near the Venetian pool. You need to make reservations cause it's always packed.
4	always delicious.  One of the best chocolate croissants  outside of Paris (nothing really compares to fresh chocolate croissants in Paris).
2	I'm shocked everyone time I go to a Bouchon Bakery outside of Yountville. They are never good. Two stars just because it's located right by the elevators for the Venetian tower. But seriously, these places dilute the Bouchon brand :-(
