5	So happy to have found this place, which is pretty close to home. I went to a different grooming shop closer but wasn't impressed. The staff at Fancy Pets are very very friendly and nice and I felt totally comfortable leaving my pet there. They did an awesome job shaving down and grooming my large dog and it was at an amazing rate. They are affordable and do not charge for extras like nail clipping, ears, etc. It's all included. I really was amazed by that. My dog is very large and other places charged me nearly double what they did, so I was truly impressed!  I will definitely come back again and again!!  The nice thing too was to see that everyone there seemed happy with their jobs and were laughing and talking, having fun. It was refreshing to see that. You can tell they really like animals and were responsive and very kind to my dogs.
5	my little girl, Phoebe: Dog of Wonder is a hairy child. and not the most cooperative.these nice ladies treated her well, followed my (very particular) instructions and she came home happy! not at all nervous, that makes me happy and it also makes me a life long customer!thank you so much!!!!
5	Love this groomer. Very good at getting my pet cut exactly the way my room mate and I like her. She is adorable after they put bows in her hair. My doggie loves her groomer and looks forward to going there for her monthly bath and haircut.
5	PIT BULL FRIENDLYThis is the best & most accommodating groomer that I have ever been to, hands down.  They are super friendly and experienced groomers, that truly care about the animals, it shows. The prices are more than fair and my 93 lb blue Pit Beary always leaves handsome and happy. I've been going here for years and I would never stray from fancy pets.
5	We got an appointment right away and our lil chiweenie was groomed in less than 3 hours. Which is AWESOME!And the price was great too. They did such a good job on her, and she ran all the way home, which means she loved being there, and loves her new do!Would recommend this place ten times over to anyone who is looking for a great place that is affordable too.
5	Have been here several times now and they are consistently great. They really do put the other place I used to go to to shame!  So glad to have found a place you can trust, who do a good job with great prices too.
5	I have a 3 month old poodle mix, so I was searching for a place the had mostly good reviews. I called to setup an appointment in advance.  I dropped him off and he went right to the groomer.  She picked him up and held him, and Niner seemed very comfortable. I dropped him off @230 and he was done by 5pm.  They did a great job on him, and he a had a little extra pep in his step. He even got a little mohawk which was too cute.  When I picked him up they also had me pick an egg out of the basket to win a prize.  The prize was a basket full of dog toys and treats which Niner is having a field day with.  I would totally recommend this place and I am definitely taking him back!
2	NEVER AGAIN! I set up an appointment 3 days in advance on a Weds. at 10am. Dropped them off and went on with my work day. At about 2pm (4 HRS AFTER I DROPPED THEM OFF) I decided to head over there to check in figuring they would be done shortly. WRONG!!!!! They hadn't done more then wash them! 4 HOURS AFTER I DROPPED THEM OFF THEY HAD ONLY BEEN WASHED. No cut, no nails clipped, nothing more than a wash. Ok I can understand if it took that long and they where close to being done but they had barely started on the dogs in front of them. Needless to say I took my puppies elsewhere. I had so much hope for this place because of all the great reviews but I was greatly let down.
5	Our shih tzu, Hunter, was in need of a "spa" day...I searched Yelp for the place to go in Tempe and decided on Fancy Pets for our guy. I called on Wednesday, easy making an appointment for the Friday of the same week. My hubby and I dropped Hunter off at approx 8:30 am heading out to our favorite local Casino for some R&R of our own. That was short-lived but for a good reason our little man was washed, dried and cut ready to be picked up at 10:30!!! Wow great service, great cut and good price. Hunter is back to his debonair self and relieved his spa day is over for a few months!
5	Going to the groomer is forever a traumatic experience for both my dog & I. He is a precious maltese bischon who loves having shaggy hair & rubbing his body all over the carpet, towel, etc. post bathtime. I do my best to brush him regularly, but after a few months without grooming he is inevitably on his way to becoming a rasta dog w/little white dreads.. That's when the stress ensues. Many groomers have judged me before for his tangles or for the short haircut I hoped they could give him. I don't care if it's 'breed appropriate' I want it to be Louie appropriate :) (& affordable...)The places I have found that I like are usually too pricey, and the mid range places usually won't listen to my request so I'm still paying $55+ and am leaving unhappy, and left waiting for my pups hair to grow out. Fancy Pets was none of those things. I was able to schedule an appointment quickly, they were very friendly, and Louie liked it too. Their prices are breed/size specific, but on the phone I was told that a cute for my guy would be $40 and that if he was particularly matted it would cost an additional $5. I said, "He's pretty matted" fully expecting to pay the extra $5. She also told me that all of their cuts were full service & included nails, anal glands, etc (stuff you have to ask for or pay for at many other places). I was sold. Today I dropped Louie off and though he was excited, he seemed comfortable in the groomer, Staci's, arms. When I came to pick him up he was in a large barred crate, stacked upon other ones with other happy dogs. He doesn't always enjoy being crated but he seemed comfortable and very excited to see me. He looked great! She handed me his collar which was adorned with a red, white, and blue ribbon bow (cuter than the lame bandanas most groomers give), she handed Louie to me, and announced my total of $40. After seeing all those knots- she didn't even charge me the extra five? What a sweetheart. Louie and I have been hanging out all afternoon and he seems like my normal Lou-devoid of the anxious or embarrassed pup I often bring home after shelling out $70 for his 'spa day'. Fancy Pets is my new go - to groomer- I found them because of Yelp reviews and felt they deserved another gold star.
4	Bath, Nails, Anal Gland, Ears, the whole she-bang + a 83 pound 'overly excited and sometimes skittish at the dumbest things known to mankind' puppy that other groomers will deny because they are haters who refuse to take in dogs that don't fit in your purse = 40 bucks out the door.Yeah, when you go in, you more than likely will question the decor and business. They seem to discourage owners to wait (note absence of any chairs in the huge waiting space they have) and it may seem a little old-school/sketch, BUT when you get your dog back happy, tail wagging at 50 mph, and in less than an hour and a half - nothing else matters. If this isn't a gift from XL Dogs Anonymous Heaven, let me know asap before my puppy becomes the size of beluga whale.
2	Not impressed with the quality of their work. Normally my dog would came home smelling fresh for the day after grooming , he did not at this place. They also cut his nails too close at the rear legs and caused him to bleed. My poor baby... they are supposed to be professional?  The next day I found dandruff all over his body, not sure if It's related to the shampoo product they had used on my baby. I will not return.
5	Fancy pets is very reliable and friendly pet groomer. I have used them twice over the past year to get my 16 year old long haired cat shaved. I have received great service and a great cut both times. My cat isn't the easiest to deal with yet they were excited before and after the job was done. They even showed me were there appeared to be a thorn in her leg and were quick to recommend places to go.Overall i'm very satisfied with their work and will continue to use Fancy Pets as long as my cat needs to be trimmed!
5	Got us in quick, with no problem when I needed to reschedule. Very nice. Great cut on my long haired cat and very reasonably priced.
2	Not the place to take your cat. I swear my cat was traumatized. And her hind end looks horribly cut. It was loud and chaotic. They were an hour later than they said they would be in returning my cat.I believe my cat got a respiratory infection after being there.  I had taken her to the vet immediately prior and my cat was fine.  I have no other pets and severe OCD so it seems almost impossible she had the infection from my place.  Which leads me to believe she had gotten it sometime at the groomers while she was there, from 11:00am-2:00pm. As far as dogs go maybe a good place, but I don't know. I do know....NEVER BRING YOUR CAT HERE!!!!
4	Fancy Pets got my Persian in on short (two days) notice to give her the full spa treatment and lion cut. The facility is sparkling clean and quiet, with grooming operations in full view of the lobby. Everyone I spoke to was courteous and professional, and the groomer did a fantastic job. Kitteh's happy, I'm happy, everyone wins!
5	I loved this place. The prices seem reasonable for my cat and since she has been groomed she hasn't had a single hairball. :)
5	Ron and his staff are remarkable!  I have a 70 lb Australian Labradoodle that maintains 6 inches of fleece coat.  He requires hand scizzor cutting of his entire body (no shaving) and takes an hour to blow dry. Ron is the only groomer I am aware of in this valley who has the skills to cut Tyler's hair.  ( and did I say we are very picky?)  We go every 2 weeks for a brush out and Tyler drags me to the salon door (which is not "fancy") but the people inside are amazing!  Stacey, aka the "cat whisperer" has a special connection with our feline friends.  We had an incredible, very independent, barn cat who would come home matted down to the skin.  Stacey would take her at a moments urgent call and "BC" would be back hunting gophers looking amazing!Thank you Fancy Pets for your love and attention to our special family members!
