1	It's a dollar store so not much to expect but some quality people watching.  The product selection is so-so with generic brands of most of your favorite snacks, cleaning products, ect.  While browsing the snack aisle I can not help but hear a mother yelling obnoxiously for her son repeatably as if they were at their own house and not in a public location.  Very annoying.  Once the boy, I'd say who is about 4 or 5 yrs old, comes out of hiding he is waddling down the aisle to confront his mother where she asked "what is wrong?  Did you poop your pants?"  Yes the boy confesses.  "Well guess you learned a lesson, I'll clean you up when we leave" and continues to shop with the boy waddling behind.  I purchase my stuff and take off.  As I'm driving out of the parking lot I notice the lady and her son now outside of the store with his pants dropped bent over and her wiping his bum right there in front of the store!  Have you no shame?!  Since this last experience I have decided that an extra dollar or so an item is definitely worth not having to view such trash like this.
4	This store is much bigger than many of the Dollar Trees I've been to and they had just about everything I needed in one stop, one CHEAP stop, less than $18 for everything I got.  I just needed a few things while visiting the area that I forgot to bring with me.  Dollar Trees across the country have rescued me more than once in the years since I first started shopping in them.  The condition of the store was pretty good considering it was late afternoon, and the clerk was most cheerful.  I would not hesitate to shop here again.I understand how irritating rude and inconsiderate customers can be but always hate to see the store get blamed and receive a bad review based on a bad experience with a fellow customer rather than due to a bad experience with the store itself.
3	Your typical dollar store, with a plethora of various goods such as food (Canned, boxed, or frozen), children's supplies, household items, party supplies, and kitchen supplies. There's a little bit of everything here, and they usually have some seasonal items, such as Easter baskets and candies for March. The aisles are easy to navigate through, and everything is organized fairly well. You can even find a few unusual items that I myself had never seen or heard of until stepping into here. Need a Larry the Cable Guy beer bread mix? Or maybe a menopause test kit (Over 99% accuracy!)? Well, look no further! You can usually find the off-off brand of a popular item in stock here (i.g., Lander XPlosion oral mouth rinse), all you need is a dollar!
4	Clean store. Bigger than most. Well organized. BUT the lines killed me!  Guy ahead of me gave up and left. I was # 5 in line.
