1	I can't believe people actually choose to come here.  I came out of necessity.  And I don't plan on going back.The system that they have is ridiculous....one guy takes down your name and order and passes it on.  The next person prepares your order.  And another person rings you up.  Then you sit and wait as all the people behind you get their bagels first.  I think "plain bagel toasted with cream cheese" threw them for a loop.  I mean why not get Dutch apple with walnut honey cream cheese?  If you want a pastry go to a bakery, not a bagel shop.Anyways, seeing as everyone was clamoring for them I thought that maybe I would be getting a good bagel.  It was truly awful.  It was so mushy and chewy...there was no nice crisp outside.  There was no yummy fluffy inside.  It was just round chewy bread.
1	Awful!!! Why am I waiting 20 minutes for a bagel! Everyone should cross the 101 and got to Big City Bagels!! They have friendly, FAST service. Support local business owners! Einstein's made me wait 20 minutes and then they gave me the wrong bagel!!! I blame the owner!!!!
1	Incompetent and rude staff.  They make you wait 5 minutes just to take your order (without even acknowledging your presence).  Then they make your bagel wrong.  The last thing anyone who orders an everything bagel with chive cream cheese is an everything bagel with honey almond cream cheese.  Gross.  They argue with you that the incorrectly made bagel is correct.  They make you wait longer for the new one.  They do not even offer the common courtesy of a simple apology for wasting your time.  That was my first experience.  The second experience, I asked for my bagel to be toasted twice.  I saw the girl toast it once.  When I asked whether she toasted it twice, she yelled the toaster is broken-I can't toast it twice.  What?  Why is it my problem the toaster is broken?  And she had not toasted it twice.  The gentleman in front of me advised me to leave if I had not already paid because he had been waiting 20 minutes for 3 bagels.  These people should not be working with the public and even worse, probably could not answer - what is 2+2.  There is nothing complicated about toasting a bagel and treating customers with common courtesy.  This comes from someone who spent 10 years working in the restaurant industry.
1	After waiting 20 minutes they finally tell me they are out of sausage for both my sandwiches. Had to get a different meat. Thanks for ruining my breakfast! Tell people sooner next time so they can just leave! 45 min round trip.
5	I don't know what the other reviewers are talking about. The staff at this location are friendly to me. The service is fairly quick as I've gone in at varying times throughout the day. I love the everything bagel with veggie cream cheese. The steak, egg, and cheese bagel was a huge disappointment. It was pretty bland and tasteless. Stick with the bagels and cream cheese. As for the customer who waited 20 minutes for a bagel, I don't have the patience to wait that long for a snack.
1	I love Einstein Bagels but this location is completely unorganized.  Empty bagel bins and cream cheese fridge, coffees empty, milk/creamer empty. I called in catering order for next morning pick up. They did not pay any attention to the types of bagels I requested... unfortunately, I didn't find out until after I left... While waiting for my order to be completed, I ordered bagel and coffee for myself.  Had to ask for coffee cup three times, they forgot my bagel order so I had to remind them.  The cashier was friendly but person who seemed like the manager was a joke. He didn't have time to fill bins, coffee, etc but he had time to go outside and chat with buddies.They made sure to take care of friends who skipped the line and went around the counter to get freebies.  Definitely my last time at this location.  BTW... they were not very busy. maybe 0-3 people in line the whole time I was there.
2	I don't know why I bother anymore, honestly. Their bagels are good and all but they need some quality control on their specialty coffees. I asked 3 TIMES for a hot pumpkin spice latte and not only did I still end up with it on ice (I took it as is because they were busy and I was in a hurry), but it was also disgusting. Way too sugary for adult taste, in my opinion. They need actual trained baristas. They can't even make a proper macciato.
5	Friendly Staff, Always Quick. Im in and out in under 5 minutes in the morning.
2	Painfully slow service here and then discovered they got our small, simple order wrong.  Staff not very polite either.  Won't be back.  Much better bagel place on the other side of the highway by Four Peaks brewery.
4	We order bagels for my office on a semi-regular basis so I have a working relationship with the catering manager and pick up our bagels from this location. The ordering process is super easy and the pick up was quick and the gentlemen even took everything out to my car for me. I didn't realize that Einstein and Noah's share some similarities, but I was stoked to find out because the chocolate chip coffee cake is to die for. Luckily it wasn't in stock when I stopped in or else I would have been in trouble
3	Got a big order for a group, ordered it at 8am. They said they wouldn't be ready until 1pm, but called us at 11:30 and told us to come to pick up. Not a great judge of time, apparently, but thats fine.On the website, my Lox + Cream cheese should have had sprouts, cream cheese, tomatos, cucumbers, capers and a pickle, but my sandwich was missing the sprouts, the cucumbers, and the pickle. This made me sad, because I love pickles.So, not sure what's going on here, but this was the case for all of the lox orders -- if you are going to provide a description on the website for what we can order, please abide by it. Otherwise, the sandwich was tasty and the service was fast because they were empty when we got there.
4	The staff here is extremely polite and courteous. I haven't been to a Einstein bagels in years I completely forgot how delightful the food is here. I ordered two bagels which only took about 3 minutes to make. If your looking for some fast service I definitely would recommend this place.
1	I haven't been to this location in awhile and I was appalled at the state it is in! The bathroom looked like a truck stop. The floors and tables were filthy. Even the prep area was an unorganized disaster! I mentioned to the manager about the state of the restroom and he didn't even apologize, he only half-heartedly offered to take a look himself, as if I was pulling his leg or something!
2	Just wanted 2 dozen bagels. Usually they have the grab and go. They told me to wait off to the side while they prepare the boxes. While waiting, I noticed they helped the 3 people behind me before I finally said something and received my order. Service was good, just note that it may take you some extra time.
2	They get a two for being open crazy early (5:00am) when I need breakfast on the way to work. But at that hour the staff always has music to their taste playing loud enough in the house to be heard on the back. The woman at the counter screamed three greetings to me as I approached the counter, none of which I could hear over the pop song on loudspeaker.  Had to yell my order to be understood. Then had to wait getting a headache from the loud music while the counter help screeched three times for a cashier as she threw my order together so sloppily it was totally unappealing. Not a pleasant experience at all.
2	This place is pretty much an abortion. I've been here twice now, once for a quick coffee stop (mediocre coffee), once for lunch today. What's up with them basically whispering your name when your order is ready?The highlight of my meal (which was actually made correctly, but I had to confirm that my order had chips...they were about to let me pay almost $9 for a veggie sandwich and not take a side) was watching a guy stroke out on a manger after basically everything in his order was wrong.Word to the wise, you have to know the menu and pricing system better than the staff here.
4	Bagels are always good. The nova lox bagel was on point.  The low cal egg white sandwich was fine but not remarkable. Nice casual way to spend a Sunday morning chilling with the family.
3	It's about like all of the other Einstein Bros Bagels you've ever been to.
