4	Good collections of clothes and shoes. Very clean and organized. Good value for trade in. Happy to have a consignment store on southwest!
5	This consignment stores pays really well! Up front too. The prices are average. If you are looking for good prices on name brand maternity clothes, you can find them here.
5	Make sure to check out this place before you buy kiddie stuff full price. They got a big selection of items, from clothes, to shoes, baby gears, etc.
5	I absolutely love shopping here and I love dealing with Ashley! She is so nice to everyone that walks in. Her daughter is the cutest little thing, very insightful too! The store is very organized, small but open. I am planning to come here all the time. As it is I'm there once a week!
3	Good place to buy sell or trade baby stuff. They dont buy on weekends though, which is a bit of a pain because that is when its most convenient to lug everything down there. Most things are in great condition.
5	I love this place!! I don't live anywhere near this side of town but will make the drive because I prefer this store over the other kid consignment shops in Vegas. This store is very clean and organized and great prices. Owner is very friendly and helpful. I like that they only sell new car seats for safety reasons and always affordable prices. I also like how she posts pictures of items on Facebook so I can see new stuff they get in.
5	We brought a lot of clothes and baby gear here today. I was so happy with what was offered for all of our stuff. We were also able to trade an item for a gorgeous Pottery Barn Kids rocking horse. There were a lot of sentimental items but the owner made it so easy. We will definitely return to do more business. Whether it be buying or selling. Thank you for all of your help!
5	Finally a resale shop in the SW! Located just a couple doors down from Vons, I have finally found a place to resell my kid's clothes from the previous year. Ashley, the owner, is very sweet and will tell you the items she's specifically asking for on the phone before you head down. I brought in a large bag full of boys & girls clothing and she took nearly everything! The dollar amount received back is small, as all resale shops can only give 15-20% of what they will sell it for, but it was nice to be rid of the clothing as it was taking up precious drawer space. The store credit option is pretty much double what she'll give you cash, so if you're in the market for something, take the store credit! Unfortunately, I was only in the market for a stroller, and she didn't happen to have one that fit my needs on that day. However, she had a nice BRAND NEW selection of full back booster seats and backless boosters. The store is clean and organized and from what I can see, most things are in very good condition. I also loved the free book with check-in. My son LOVES the eyewitness Ancient Rome book that I picked up for him and my daughter and nephew were certainly occupied playing with all the toys while Ashley purchased from me. Thanks Ashley! We'll see you next season.
5	I loved this place the second I walked in, they had so much stuff. Plus it was all soo cute. Everything was super cheap and in great quality. Now I know where I'm going to be spending my baby bucks. Check it out too. :)
5	I simply love this place! Hands down, best place in Vegas. The store is genious. I love the gated childs play area. As my 2 yr old son and I walked out of the store the other day to the car, he said, "I love this place mama!" :)))) parent AND kid approved. ;)
5	I can't say enough wonderful things about this place. The customer service is out of this world! It's extremely rare to find this level of vast product knowledge, helpfulness and genuine kindness in any establishment these days. The store was clean and everything is easily navigated. The gal behind the counter also encouraged me to let my 10 month old son try some of the toys before we purchased them. Naturally, I purchased everything he had even the slightest interest in. Haha! There's a cute little reading area for you to let your little ones play while you shop and even a cozy changing table in the bathroom for those unexpected diaper incidents. I will drop whatever I am doing and search this store before I go anywhere else. It's not even about the price, it's about the service. The price and quality of the items they bring in is just the sweetest perk ever!
1	All The clohes were way over used they all look so over worn.  The prices were over priced for the condition of the clothes ( they were only worth 50 cents tops! ) I was very disappointed were we from out of town and looked at yelp for advise it had 5 stars a place that doesn't deserve 1 .  Honestly,  you would be Better off  at a Savwr or any other thrift store. Also the young lady was nice but, not helpful at all soooo lazy just sat behind the counter  and texted on her phone the whole time. Sorry but this is the truth .
1	I have gone it to this location on three separate times. Each time the same girl has worked at the counter and each time I have felt that i was bothering her by being there to shop or sell, two of the three times I was the only person in the shop. During my last visit i walked in and saw the girl sitting down at the counter talking on the phone, I waited at the counter and waited for her to acknowledge me. Once she decided to acknowledge me, she said "can I help you with something" (with a tone of attitude) and slide the phone slightly away from her mouth. I asked my question and she gave her response as if i was disturbing her phone call and should come back when she felt like having visitors. Overall she was very unwilling to help me as a customer and was completely rude. If I didn't live as close as I do, i would never go back. I don't think she was an owner but if i find that she is i will never go back. If she is hired help for the store, i highly suggest that the owner looks into the customer service that they are providing because it was completely inappropriate for myself on three occasions, My husband had the same experience twice and refuses to go back based on the service.
5	We were greeted by I sweet little girl who held the door for me while I was bringing a crate full of my sons toys. While ashley looked through the items my son and the little girl played. It was refreshing to see the variety of clothes and toys. Everything was clean and organized.  No gross goodwill smell!!!!  He made a new friend I made decent cash. A win win all around.   I WILL be returning to this store again!
1	Unfortunately for you I won't be back. So no worries about that. And it's so sad that it's the tiniest things as simple as customer service that can change someone's choice of returning and supporting a business. It wasn't the store I had a problem with or the items in it. It was the owner. The person who's the face of the business. Someone that you would expect to look you in the eye when speaking to showing a bit of respect to your clients that you actually care for them. Having something as simple as a smile and greeting them when they walk through the door. Those are the things my dear that makes people want to come back and support your store. Not you sitting behind the desk and staring at your computer all day and ignoring us as if we are the ones dying to buy something from u. And all I have to say is,  "well if you didn't know, Now you know!"
5	I love having a consignment store in the SW.  My daughter adores getting dressed, and Kidsignment always has something available that she loves and is within my limited budget.  I can't remember the last day that went by without my daughter wearing at least one item that I purchased at Kidsignment.  Ashley, the owner (whom I did not know until I started frequenting the store) has always been helpful for me.  She keeps the store's FB page updated with things she's looking for so you always have an easy way to check from home before you bring things in to consign.  The store is always clean and organized, and it is and will remain my primary store for my children.
1	I really wasn't too impressed by this store. A lot of the items looked really poorly cared for, pilled, stained etc. We were quoted about 30% cash of the selling price for items like Carter's or 50% for things like Burberry. As a lot of other reviewers said it's quite expensive for the quality. I think you'd be better off going to goodwill or savers, or better yet joining a moms trading group on Facebook. I suppose if you need a stroller or play pen for cheap ASAP this store would fit the bill.
5	Had the best shopping experience in this store! The owner is super friendly and helpful. I bought a Quinny stroller in excellent condition for only $130 and Graco pack n play for only $21. They have lots of great deals. They also give you a stamp for every $10 you spend and with 10 stamps you get 10% off your next purchase. I am definitely coming back.
