5	The reason why I frequent The Water Mart is rarely for water. I have filled up water cooler jugs here a couple times and the water is as good as any reverse osmosis water is going to be. And if I remember correctly, it costs like a buck to fill up a 5 gallon jug. And they provide carts to help transport your filled jugs out to your car, the friendly staff will even do the heavy lifting if your not able to physically, so thats dope. But let me get to the real reason why Water Mart kicks ass. Remember, when you were a child going to Thrifty's and getting a scoop are two of rocky road ice cream or whatever was your favorite flavor? Well if you don't then I'm sorry but I do. I also remember when Thrifty's became no more and with it my scoops of Thrifty's brand rocky road ice cream. In the following years, every now and then, friends and I would reminisce and yearn for Thrifty's ice cream after pulling some bongs and the horrible side effect of the drug, "the munchies", would have us in its grasp. Well Thrifty's ice cream is back and available at this here Water Mart. So three cheers for Water Mart and Thrifty's rocky road ice cream. Oh side note, they also have very good fruit smoothies available, made with fresh ingredients and come in several different fruit combo flavors. My favorite is, I can never remember its name, but it has apple juice, banannas, strawberrys in it and is quite yummy and freezer headache inducing. So go to Water Mart and leave without water, all the cool kids are doing it.
3	Not a big fan of the water but I'm sucker for the thrifty Ice cream when I;m not on a diet.
5	I go to Water Mart for my ice cream and the Frys next door for my water. The owner George is one of the coolest and nicest guys you will meet. If you have never had a scoop of Thrifty ice cream make sure to check this place out. Note: there is a 50 cent fee if you pay with a credit card and your transaction is under $5.
5	Stopped in a few days ago after seeing a sign for alkaline water. Bought a jug and filled up a gallon of it at a good price. Also had an Orange Blossom smoothie which was delicious! Very friendly service and hearing Frank Sinatra's Greatest Hits on the radio doesn't hurt either. Going back soon for more alkaline water and wheatgrass shots.
