5	The best and most authentic shwarmas I have eaten in North America.  The menu is an assortment of the finest Arabic dishes and you can wash it down with some cold Vimto. The last time I tried Vimto was sometime in the mid 90s so, I was elated to say the least.  Phoenicia has a very popular buffet though unfortunately, I have not had the opportunity to try it as of yet.  I highly recommend this place for the food and the interior decor is not bad either, with a very gratifying full wall painting of the Mediterranean.
5	08/13/07 UPDATE:They have the best, most crisp, french fries around.  And you can now watch music videos on their big plasma screen, from the Arabia channel.===========================================Opa!  I'm speaking Greek, right?I write this review as a Caucasian male whose only familiarity with Mediterranean cuisine was when I ingested a leaf while eating grapes.  Turns out the leaf ended up being from a tomato vine.  I'm still wondering how that wilted foliage found its way into my cluster of concords.Back to Phoenicia.  My first time there, I orderd the safest thing I could find... gyro and fries.  Roasted lamb and cucumber yogurt sauce.  It was like my mouth was having a party, and everyone was invited.  But wait, it gets better.I see they have babaganoosh, and momentarily, I flash back to the Wedding Crashers movie.  Great, now I have to order it... and I'm glad I did.  Its just eggplant, people.On subsequent visits, I ordered the chicken shawarma and kabobs, cilantro jalapeo hummus, tatziki.  Fantastic.  There is also a great place in Tempe called Haji-Baba.Phoenicia also has a huge mural on the wall, of a Greek coastal setting, which you can stare at while you fill up.  For some reason, I keep reminding myself to wait an hour before going into the water.This place is a real treat.  And their treats (desserts) and great too.  I'll take the pistachio baklava.-Swoop
4	I hope more people are frequenting this place since I was last there.  It's tucked away in a strip plaza (shockingly)!  The interior is cutesy and bright while upbeat music is playing.  They have a small outdoor seating area and some booths and tables inside.  The food is cooked fresh for you (so there will be a short wait).  It is set up like Sauce where you order at the cashier area and they bring the food to you.  I simply love their gyros!  It's relatively quick but always fresh and inexpensive!
4	Excellent food at a great price.I had the pleasure of going during their Sunday buffet.  What a treat.  $8.99 for all you can eat Gyros, rice, chicken, meatballs, hummus, fruit, lentil soup, stuffed grape leaves, pita, etc., etc..... the food was all very fresh and wonderfully seasoned.  The staff was knowledgeable, friendly, and helpful.Their food is all home made and you can tell by the excellent taste.  Their lemon aid is fantastic, I highly recommend it.
4	I've been here numerous times for their Sunday buffet. It is so tasty! Everything from pitas, rice, hummus, chicken, gyro meat, salad, lentil soup, tabouli, kalmata olives, and various other rotating dishes are all so good. The regular stuff on the menu seems a little pricey but the buffet is always priced right and very, very good!The service is great. The cute woman working the weekends is talkative and funny. All of the staff make you feel right at home while you're eating. Their garlic sauce is crazy good, I highly recommend asking for that! They'll get you some from the back because they don't put it on the buffet line. That with the chicken?! Oh my gosh. Yum.
4	Stopped in for lunch and ordered the chicken shwarma plate for only 5 dollars and some change. The chicken was great , not dry at all. The hummus and garlic sauce was really good too. I actually ended up buying some hummus and pitas to take home. The staff told me they have an all you can eat lunch buffet  Friday-Sunday for $8.99. I will be back to try it. They should get a liquor license...P.S. make sure your significant other eats the same thing. The breath/burps you get are killer! :)
5	I stop in as often as I can.  My favorite dish is the Hummus Deluxe.  The Baklava is rich and delicious.
4	This was my first experience with Phoenicia and I was very impressed. I ordered the mixed Kafta with a side of rice. I have never been a big fan of hummus, but the employee asked if I wanted to do half rice and half hummus for $1.50. I said yes - and it was very good! A little garlicky - which matched the garlic sauce brought out with the plate. If you plan on doing any kissing either avoid that sauce or make sure your date has some as well - it was very strong (but good). The plate with the added hummus and water was $13. I enjoyed the atmosphere of the place and the staff was friendly and efficient. I will definitely be back!
5	I started going to their original location in Tempe, and let me tell you - they lost nothing by expanding.  If you like Middle Eastern food, this is a great place to try out - with more of a fast food then full on dining experience.  Get the Greek Fries - awesome fries covered in Feta and Taziki sauce!  One order is plenty to share with at least 2 people, I have yet to finish an order when I get other food.  The pitas and gyros are great, the lamb is always seasoned perfectly.  One of my favorite places to go for an amazing meal that doesn't take an hour!
2	I used to frequent this place but have not gone in over a year. I went here the other day and the place was dead. It looks like it is going to go out of business. It was i2 in the afternoon and there wasn't one person behind the counter working and no one was eating inside. I could have robbed the place and no one would have known. I walked in and two guys lazily came out but no one greeted me. The grille wasn't even turned on. I'm sorry but I had no patience to wait 30 minutes for them to make me a fallafel and french fries because the fryers and grill was turned off due to a lack of customers. I just walked out of there and no one proceeded to stop me or ask me if they could help me. The menu was also different and worse. The previous menu had combo platters and prices, this one just had pictures of food with no prices attached or lists.  I can tell this particular branch is going out of business. They had no customers.  It's sad because two years ago, this place was packed and thriving.
5	This review is for the weekend lunch buffet.  Norm R, Mike C & I dropped in here today to give it a try.  This is a stylish, fairly small cafe with a big mural of Port Sidi-Bou, Tunisia on the wall, & appropriate soft pop music was playing (with words in Arabic?) during our visit.The service was friendly, & today's lunch buffet featured about 20 food items, plus condiments.  There was delicious, piping hot lentil soup, and the salad toppings included a flavorful parsley mix, sliced tomatoes & sliced cucumber, both with fetta cheese sprinkled on top, greek olives, & more, as well as pita bread, hummus, & tzatziki for the lamb over at the hot table.  Other hot items included tasty meatballs, stuffed cabbage, rice, & other delicious things that I can't name.There's plenty to eat here, & it all adds up to a terrific meal!Lunch Buffet 11-2 Fri, 12-2 Sat & Sun.  $8.99  Be there!
5	I just came from the Sunday buffet here were i met up with Norm R. and Rand H. and wow was it goooood. I started with the lentil soup it was good .Then onto the salad table it was very good also and at this point I was thinking this place could hit five stars. Well when i got to the main dishes  I knew it was 5 star. They had this chicken dish that was so good but i dont remember what they called it . Meatballs, cabbage rolls rice,gyro meat.and some kind green bean and broccoli dish all of which were great. If you like great  food you will love this place.the decor was not to fancy but nice, not a lot of seating and i thought with food this good this place needs to be a lot bigger.I cant wait to go back.
5	This Mediterranean restaurant has a really great weekend buffet, as Rand H., Mike C. found out during our buffet excursion here. I started the meal with a mild but tasty lentil soup, then went on to a refreshing parsley salad, savory meatballs, tasty vegetable dishes (vegetarians will like this place for sure) ... and the *best* shawarma I've ever had!  And just when I thought it couldn't get any better, as I was paying for the meal I noticed trays of tempting baklava near the cashier (sneaky!) ... these came in almond, walnut and pistachio, and I just had to try the pistachio one. It was pure heaven, buttery goodness with an abundance of crushed pistachio and dripping with honey -- an awesome finish to an amazing meal.
4	I went there for the weekend lunch buffet. Food was pretty good. They had a decent variety and everything was fresh. Other reviews are pretty conclusive. Check it out
4	I adore Phoenicia. Since moving to Tempe the market has become my go-to place for take-home hummus, feta, baklava (walnut, pistachio, cashew...) and yoghurt. Plus random other goodies on their shelves like coconut oil, spices, and olive oil soaps. Not to mention the crispy falafel and big green salads when I eat in the restaurant. Love the staff, always so happy to see me and they miss me if I miss a week. I've been going every week since moving here. Love it, try it, good food and good service win me over every time! On the patio on a sunny day----nice!!
5	I like Greek food almost as much as Italian food. I get very emotional about a great gyro or mousaka. It had been awhile since we tried this restaurant and we decided to give it another swing. Surprisingly we were greeted when we came in the door by the staff and the management. We were seated immediately (used to be you paid first at the register and then you sat down wherever you could find a seat). Our drinks were brought out to our table and we were then allowed to hit the buffet bar. This buffet had about twenty items on it. The gyro meat was fresh and good. The pita bread was awesome. The hummus was delicate and very good. By far the brightest stars on the bar were the cabbage rolls. The wife and I couldn't get enough of them. The service was excellent. The food was phenomenal. The ambiance was very good considering this is a strip mall location. If you love Greek food but don't want to break the bank then this place is a very good choice! I give it five stars and two thumbs up.The buffet by the way, is only on Friday through Sunday at lunch. The rest of the week it is menu driven. They also have a breakfast buffet but haven't tried it yet.
3	My Boyfriend and I stopped in for the breakfast buffet (only because of the signs and we were hungry).  I'm NOT a fan of Greek food and this experience did not change my mind.  Although what I did eat was ok, it wasn't the best.  Nothing on the buffet was labeled so I had no idea what I was eating.  I guess my favorite part of this experience was the fresh made toast and the fact that they had peanut butter (creamy and crunchy), which most restaurants don't offer.  Service was marginal, refills were always offered, it appeared to be clean and the music was not over the top.
4	Great food. Agree with other reviewers. One of the best little med grills in the east valley. Try their lunch buffet--amazing choices for very fair price. Several great deserts!
5	Good food.  Friendly staff. Good price. Very clean.  I love the gyros!  Tell Sylvia that Richard Gere sent you.
5	Love, love, love this place:) This was the first restaurant in the Phoenix area that my fiance and I tried when we moved from Chicago in Oct '09. I guess it's only fitting that it's my first review on Yelp as well. I think Phoenicia has just about everything I look for in a restaurant: 1. NOT a chain (and by chain, I mean 10+ locations--I am well aware they have a second location in Tempe which is equally awesome) 2. Great lunch specials (I can get gyros, salad, hummus, and pita bread for $5.99 - my personal favorite) 3. Family owned (I found out the owners are from my home state of MI, yay, not that it makes the food better, it just makes me like them more) 4. Consistently great food (especially the gyros and falafels - can't go wrong there) 5. Interesting beverages - I had a pineapple soda the second time I visited, need to try it again sometime.... I have yet to venture far from my beloved gyros and falafel. The lamb shank has been catching my eye for some time now. It's on my list the next time I go for dinner....
4	Great quality food and a nice, relaxed atmosphere.
4	After searching the Valley for a properly made Falafel, I finally found it here....right around the corner from my house!!The falafel plate was WONDERFUL!  Crispy on the outside and MOIST on the inside (very hard to achieve if you do not know what you are doing).  Rice was fluffy and seasoned perfect and the hummus was fresh.  Gyro meat was moist and again, properly seasoned, and man, the lamb was sooooo good!  The foul (fava beans) were AMAZING!!!!  Just a plate of those yum yums and pita bread will satisfy your appetite.  Do not skip dessert as the three different kinds of bakhlawa is just finger licking GOOD!   I love Sylvia (the owner) and her husband!  Very nice people.  You can meet most of the family in the restaurant on the weekends, which gives it a nice family feel.  One critique....the stuffed grape leaves were NOT fresh.  I was told they were out of a can..... which broke my heart completely in two.
5	This is a somewhat fast-food style Greek and Mediterranean restaurant, but the food quality is top-notch.  We've been coming here for years and find the food quality is very consistent, always great, and the portions are very generous.  Entree prices range from $7 to $11, with the $11 meals containing multiple meats and sides.One particular dish, the Chicken Shawarma, is impressive in how tasty the chicken is.  The combo platter offers up a very nicely spiced beef option.  The rice is exceptional here.
5	The strawberry flip is reason enough to go here but the gyro makes the trip 10 times better. The juicy (not greasy) meat, the awsome pita, and the top-notch taztziki make it a must-do spot in Mesa. This gyros are so massive I dare you to eat 2 (i wanna try try). The cashier (and I'm guessing owner) remembers my female cohorts name with every order. As long as i get my extra tzatiki I don't care :)
4	One of my favorite restaurants when I want greek/mediterranean. Expansive menu, big portions. I've had other things on the menu, but I usually stick with the shawarma combo, gyro meat and chicken shawarma, which comes with 2 sides. Quality has been consistently excellent. Hummus is good; as a seperate dish, the falafel is very good. And yes, the garlic sauce is awesome and I always ask for an extra.Only issue is since I've been going here for the past several years it seems like the portions have started to go down a little, and price go up a bit.
4	These guys do a lot of things right--from their perfectly marinated and grilled kabobs, to their unique and addicting Greek fries, to the delicate and scrumptious almond chocolate baklava--there are so many reasons to frequent Phoenicia.  Their service is always friendly and the restaurant is always clean.  This is one of my favorite places in Gilbert.
5	This place kicks ass. Kudos for the buffet and various assortments in baklava!  Perfectly cooked gyro meat, however their hummus is typically overblended to the point of pure cream. BUT that didn't kill my appetite or anything. Great value for the $$, they are very generous with portion size. I love this place. And it's not overly popular (read: crowded) as other places. I would totally recommend this for lunch hour, a quick takeout for movie night, or dinner. I am looking forward to my next visit here.
4	Decided to try this place yesterday after having pizza from Gilbert Pizza next door. The hubby is a big fan of gyros and figured that since he is never in that area, he might as well try a gyro. After realizing they had crepes (I fricken love crepes and thought back to the wonderful ones I had in Germany) I was sold on going for dessert. The service was very friendly, the owner was so funny and warm. Our waitress was extremely friendly and accommodating as well. They treated us like we were family even though they didn't even know our names. Hubby ordered the gyro, I ordered the nutella crepes with strawberry and banana. The gyro is large for what you pay and has tons of meat in it, no lettuce which made the hubby very happy. The only thing was that there was no feta on it which we feel is a key component of a gyro. He said the gyro was good and a good value but he would prefer the sauce to have more flavor and for some feta to be added. My crepes came with just banana, no strawberry, however, I decided not to mention it because the crepe was out of this world. I loved the crispy edges. The owner noticed though that there were no berries and quickly brought some over. They made it even better! Definitely get the crepe with berries! You wont be sorry. They also have a lunch buffet on Friday - Sunday which looked sooo tempting if we hadn't just eaten a half a pizza next door. Haha. We will have to go there and try the buffet as everything looked really delicious.
3	I like it.  The food was mostly very good, the service was good in a hurried sort of way and the prices are reasonable.We ate on a weekday evening and the place was bustling.In the valley of the sun, Z's Greek at 40th and Indian School continues to be the standard bearer for this sort of cuisine and Phoenicia does not measure up, but they are solid enough that I would return.I would add something clever and Greek or Middle Eastern here but I've got nothing right now so you're out of luck.If you like, send me a compliment with something good and I will add it to the review and credit you...
4	Just got their gyro combo and their hommus. Gyro was HUGE, meat was decent...had a couple pretty dry pieces but overall good. Hommus was different, but very good. Personally I'm excited to try out more of the menu, I could see myself grabbing a bite to eat once or twice a month here.
4	The food was great, relatively cheap and prepared quickly.  I wasn't extremely hungry so I ordered the hummus topped with gyro.  Man!  I couldn't have ordered anything better.  The hummus was extremely fresh tasting and the gyro was very tender.  I would order this dish over and over again.  Served with their really good pita bread, it was a perfect meal.
4	The food was amazing and Sylvia (I believe to be the owner) was super friendly, even calling us by our first names.  I had the Shish combo. It's definitely enough for two meals, so second half sitting my fridge for tomorrow.  The pastacio baklava is delicious with lots of nuts. The place was packed and completely understaffed, so it was understandable that it took some time to pay the bill.  I don't think I'll have room for dinner.  The prices are reasonable considering it really is two meals.  I will absolutely be going back in the near future.
5	just had lunch here today and ordered the shoarma combo (chicken and gyros) and it was delish!!! the chicken was season just the way i like it: not overly seasoned and not too strong, just right!!! the gyros was nice and moist... i ordered it with the hommus as a side and it was served with plenty of pita!!! i definetly did not leave hungry! especially since we also got baklava for dessert which was amazing!!!!i will be back here very shortly!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
4	I will be going here again. Their hummus was fresh and tasted great. My gyro was delicious and was made with thicker cuts of lamb. Service was quick and I really enjoyed the place.
4	I asked the kid what she wanted for dinner and she straight up said, "LAMB" So using dear old yelp again, we found this place, and we liked it.I ordered the vegetarian sampler, which came with falafels, tabouli, hummus, and stuffed grape leaves. The falafel was really crispy on the outside and moist in the inside, the hummus tasted fresh, and I did like the stuffed grape leaves, although I read in one of the reviews below it came out of a can...which is ok for me I guess, as I will be on the hunt for one of these cans...they were good. My friend ordered the gyros plate ---- and yes, the meat was good!!! We were all pretty stuffed, but when we saw that they had crepes we had to order them. I had the nutella crepe and my friend ordered the apple cinnamon crepe. They were huge! I think 1 crepe would have been enough for all 3 of us. Both were very delicious - my nutella crepe had bananas, strawberry sauce, and whipped cream on it - I wish I could tell you what was in the apple cinnamon one, but my face was too busy being stuffed with nutella goodness. I ate the whole thing leaving me...really stuffed.As we left to pay guess what else I found that they had?! TURKISH DELIGHT!!! I had to eat one (gah...I just can't stop). IT WAS GOOD TOO!Oh and the lady that served us was really friendly :)
5	This business is definitely worth checking out for sure.  First thing that stood out to me is the extremely friendly, attentive, and outgoing staff.  The entire atmosphere from the beautiful murals on the wall to the smiles of the servers faces are only overshadowed by the delicious food and even more delicious prices.  Holy moly do you get a lot of food for your buck.  I'm not even going to discuss the individual foods we have ordered, have gone a couple times now.  Do yourself a favor and order the hommus.  Ridiculous amounts of hommus and extremely fresh delicious pita.  All food tastes fresh and comes out smoking hot.  Never ran out of my drink and every question, every need was addressed promptly and professionally.  Will be a lifelong customer.  Thanks guys.
2	Dry chicken, decent Gyro meat. Super average food overall. Really friendly service however.
4	Went here last nite solo this is a comfortable space service was good I had the small order of the baba ganouje which was enough for 2/3 people and a order of the kaftan kabob which was also a good size order with that you get to pick two sides I had fries ( fair) coleslaw (good) next time I will be a little more creative with my sides they have breakfast on sat/ sun which I look forward to trying
4	I love this place and don't make it due to location nearly enough. From delicious shawarma with loads of garlic sauce (oh yeah, I smell but I'm happy) to gyros. My favorite is the homemade baklava.
2	Looked promising clean however on ordering the dolmades appetizer got the canned version. Quite disappointing. Next time I'll try their fresh cooked food
4	If they would open one in Central Phoenix near my home, I would be happy to give them a 5!  The location is a bit far for a regular visit.  Build one in central phoenix, make it bigger with more selections!I went for the weekend buffet and it was quite good.  There were limited selections, however, and I did not see some of my very favorite Middle East dishes. The stuffed grape leaves tasted like they were from a can instead of homemade, but I could be wrong on that.However, the food they did have on the buffet was excellent and I will certainly make the 45 minute drive again for the food when I need more!
5	Best Gyro around. Friendly staff, nice clean place.
4	We found this gem while on our family Thursday night out.  What a surprise!  The food is excellent, the portions are way too big for eating at one sitting, and the staff is so pleasant.  We go for dinner at least once a month, now.  The gyro platter is our favorite, along with the delicious lentil soup.    We've tried other items, and they are just as great.  We've never had the weekend buffet, since we work on the weekends.  On your way out, buy some baklava to take home.  It's made fresh daily, and will definitely satisfy any sweet cravings you have after stuffing yourself on the gyros and rice, or the to-die-for Greek fries.    Opa!!!
3	This place is good but they need to post the prices for there breakfast buffet beside on the window in the corner.  They only have one size drinks for the kids and they do not tell you how much it is.  I was thinking I was going to drop 30 for my family but it ended up being over 50.00.  We will go back but we will ask for the menu so we know the prices are.  They just Expect people to know.
4	The wife and I blindly stumbled in for a quick bite before a movie.  The food was very good.  I took a chance on the lamb Ghallaba and loved it.  Humus and baba ganoush were very tasty.  My wife loved here vegi sampler.  The place was about half full with one waiter who was working his hardest to keep up but it would have been nice if they had enough help to fully accomodate everyone.Prices are reasonable.Really wish they had beer.  Regardless, I'll be back for sure.
4	My sales director and I went in here for a quick biz lunch the other day. Good vibe walking in and friendly staff who shouted out seating instructions to us. Fast wi-fi was a bonus. Waitress (maybe manager or owner)  was a crazy col lady and helped us through the order process and some special lamb items we wanted ordered on the side. Gave us a free soup that was a surprise and tasty. My friend really liked the shrimp we ordered but it was a bit sweet for me. We also ordered lamb kabobs which he also liked but were a bit on the well side for me - tasty nonetheless. Gave it the extra star because we left with the feeling it's a cool place and wanting to come back and order something else. Cool BBQ store next door too.
5	Food is always good, I would highly recommend this place.
3	Food was good but pricey for what it is.  When i went in the place was a mess.  They must have had a huge crowd come in as the tables were all messy, food and napkins on the floor as if the tazmanian devil just rolled through.  Anyhow, I had the chicken kabobs and a small side of humus with drink and it was $21.  Like i said, i was happy with the food but not for that price.  I purchased the coupon off yelp ($10 for $20) to try it out so I cant complain that much but based on that i wont go back to spend $21 on lunch.
5	The food and service were spectacular! Both my friend and I had Gyro salads and almond baklava. The salad had fresh veggies and an extremely flavorful greek dressing. They also did not skimp on the meat either. They was so much meat I couldn't finish it all! For dessert, the almond baklava was perfect. It was so rich and perfectly portioned. When we walked in, we weren't sure if it was a sit down place with servered or if you went up to the counter. In fact, I am still not quite sure. Other than this confusion, the meal was perfect. I will no doubt come here again and try something new. Also, if you check in while you're there, you receive 50% off your second item purchased!
5	This place has excellent food. My favorite is the hummus with lamb and the garlic paste. Their tabbouleh is WONDERFUL too. Everything is made fresh in house. It makes My Big Fat Greek Restaurant taste like fast food if you ask me. This is very authentic. If you eat in the restaurant often, they will come to know you by name which is nice. They will also know what you order. I guess they know what I order when I call to carry out too! The customer service is great and it is some that you hardly ever find anymore.We used them to cater our daughter's birthday party and let me tell you, it was a HIT! I wasn't sure about everyone liking ethnic food, but those that hadn't had it before really enjoyed it and have since visited P.G. The price point per person was reasonable and Sylvia, the owner was really helpful when we were trying to put the menu together. we weren't sure how many pounds of lamb and chicken to get. She was really flexible to adjust their Maza platter since we ordered two and  didn't want as much feta and olives on the second. After all of these years of eating there, I am glad that I finally had a chance to use them for catering. I highly recommend them for their delicious food and for their reasonable prices for catering. I do think that the price for catering is really reasonable compared to the prices that are on the regular menu. Keep in mind they do have lunch specials that are served with a yummy lentil soup! Five stars for the quality and taste of the food and for the price point of the catering and the customer service!
4	We eat here all the time. The food is great. Better than Pita jungle. The hummus and baba ghanoosh (sp.) is the best I have had in the valley. The restaurant is fairly small though (not conducive to a large party).
1	Poor, moody service. The place is religious. Chicken is bland and dry. Fries are great. Gyro is good.2 gyros, 1 side of chicken: $30.  Ouch!Terrible, distracting music.
5	Incredible food to match awesome customer service, and atmosphere.  What more can you say.....Oh wait, fair prices.If you have the privileged of eating here, make sure you you ask for Ryan.  He is not only extremely knowledgeable about the cuisine, but is also a delight to chat with.  I will visit here often....sure that in time I will eat here enough for them to know me by name....BrendenThanks for the great evening.....Phoenicia
2	Tried the lunch buffet, but as one of Euro descent, the cabbage rolls and other dishes did not live up to expectations. I consider myself to be somewhat of a baklava aficionado, and would say it is not nearly as good as the baklava at Chicago's Number One Gyro over in Apache Junction. It is a quaint restaurant, but you may be better off ordering a gyro to-go. A big positive for the place is that they have good service and friendly workers.
4	I really loved this place. Came in on Saturday wanting their buffet, After reading stellar reviews here, and that it was $8.99, I had to go. The place is modern, shiny and very attractive. So were the waiters I may ad.  I have to say, everything I had was delicious. The hummus, Greek salad, stuffed grape leaves and such - wonderful. These kinda pizza crisps like middle eastern pizzas that were superb- and we ate the last 3. I am not a big tabbouleh fan- but it was the best ever.  Their lentil soup did not disappoint. In the hot section, they had great stuffed cabbage, meatballs ( not Italian style ), rice, broiled fish, chicken and gyro. My favorite was the stuffed cabbage and meatballs w/rice. The gyro meat was ok, I was happy as can be. We also got one soda ($1.99) and a baklava -great by the way ( $2.00 ),My partner went to ask for more of the pita thing-ees and they sad we could have more, but for $2.50. He didn't even want to tell me but he let it slip out and that really but me in a bad mood.  What the hell ? It's a buffet and you want to charge me extra for something that ran out?  Hell no. I was ready to go Jersey on them- but that's the old Jose'.  The new Jose' was full, and with great food  I just felt like shutting up. The Boy was happy too with his frozen yogurt- he especially liked the cheesecake flavor. We asked the very attentive and attractive waiter for our bill - I look at the check and it's $34 and change. I almost had heart attack. It seems the price of their buffet has gone up in one year - from $8.99 to $12.99. I should have seen the small sign behind a counter that said the price - I didn't to my regret. Food prices have gone up, but this buffet is not worth $13 in my opinion- especially when they want to charge an extra $2.50 for something they ran out of.  Any way, with tip we took a $38.00 hit. Truly I was devastated as that is way, way above our pay scale - and it was my fault cause I didn't check the price. But where the hell did I get the $9.99 price ? Maybe I am crazy- except that I check their web site and it says $9.99. And yet my friends, I shall return because  I really loved the food.. They gave us a coupon on the receipt that gives us 50% off on second buffet, so it will cost the $20 I originally was going to pay. And maybe they will run a groupon too.
3	This my first time here. I have heard about it but not yet tried.They had just started a buffet which always seems to attract my attention. Buffet was just average.  Limited choices for the price.  But the meat was very good.This is a good place for a Gyro sandwich.  Not sure I will put it on top of my regular list.
1	NO, NO, NO!!!The Friday through Sunday Buffet here is advertised as $9.99 on the website but when you go to pay (after you ate) it's $12.95 per person!!!  I complained to the owner to & asked her to fix the website & she just gave me a bunch of double-talk!  Can you imagine???ABSOLUTELY NOT OK!!!     :-O
3	This place is just ok. Over the past few years it seems like the quality of their food has gone downhill...hopefully they can turn things around, I use to love their food!
4	Great place to eat. I'm Greek nice quite the same as yia yia's food but still great
5	Our favorite Mediterranean food in the valley. Huge portions for the price. The gyro and swarms combo are our favorite. Also recommend the roasted lamb hummus. Phoenicia is awesome!
5	Delicious! Try the cilantro chicken it's to die for!!   Also they have the moistest felafel you will ever find in the US. Excellent prices and the best service anywhere,I swear to it.  Also if you check in on Yelp you will receive a coupon for 50% off an order.
3	The food here is excellent!!  They do to-go and sit down and both are good.  They have some of the best pita I have ever had.  My favorite thing here was the lebneh and they have taken it away.  I would eat here more often if they would bring the lebneh back.  The staff here is very nice and make you feel like family.
5	The chicken burger is surprising good. I also ordered the onion rings which is pretty fresh made. The place is quiet at Wed. afternoon and you get 25% off with the receipt you had last time. Not a bad deal at all. Wife ordered the Gyro, it comes with lots meat. It's enough for us to take home as snack. The buffet don't looks so attractive to me anyway, but I would like to try other burgers.
5	The owner is beyond friendly and the staff offers excellent customer service. Best hummus I have ever had. I love eating here and always make it a stop on my visit to Gilbert.
4	I got the gyro and the green fries "great fries + feta cheese & their ranch" - which I would recommend to anyone with a mouth.  The service was good, but not great.  The gyro meat was tender, and tasty, and I will definitely be back to try other items on my international food bucket list.
4	Wow. Just had a gyro. Super loaded with meat. Very good.
1	Ordered the Buffet, the food was cold, I told the waiter never got back with me. Upon check out, one of the waitresses asked me how was everything, I told her the food was cold in the buffet, she started making excuses, never said sorry and never offered to not charge for the meal. Poor customer service and frankly hazardous food that is sitting in the buffet for god knows how long.
4	soo.. AFTER the long 6 hr drive to Arizona... i Came here during my Vacation . Got the Lamb shank. it was pretty good. not as great as Kerostena but it was pretty good for a spot in Arizona. the rice it came with was drenched in a tango sweet tomato sauce. portion was pretty decent it. Rice was kinda soupy with too much tomato sauce. The lamb shank was decent portion. wished it had more flavor.  they gave us free soup and since it was my friends brithday they gave her a free dessert. it was sweet of them. They also had a salad all you can eat bar for $12 which the waitress did not mention =/ i was starving too.. she could have wheeled me in that plus the $15 plate of lamb shank =/ oh well LOL. i feasted like a beast from hungry and dehydration. The smoothies there are made from real berries cz i swallowed a few chunks of strawberries and nearly choked LOL but it was worth it. at least i know it wasd fresh right? =] LOL sorry guys. i had to take 1 star off cz no one told us about the salad buffet and we were super hungry =/
3	A while back, these guys were advertising their Friday through Sunday at $9.99 on their website but diners would go there & eat it (with the price not signed inside), & then when you went to pay all of the sudden it was $12.95.  That was SO NOT OK!!Recently I checked again & they now show the right price on the website, so I dropped in today joined by Robyn N. to have the Buffet & post this new Update.SOME POSITIVES:*  There were only about 20 food items, including 3 kinds of hummus, but not counting sauces & dressings.  This is small for a Buffet, but by the end of the meal it seemed like that was plenty.*  The food was delicious!  (That's one thing, isn't it?)     :-)*  The hot dishes consisted of a good variety of different tastes.  There was Lentil Soup, a shrimp dish, gyro meat, a fish dish, Chicken Shawarma & others.For dessert there were two kinds of frozen yogurt.  I had the Pistachio, & it was good.  (Other dessert goodies are available at additional cost.)*  The service was friendly.HOWEVER...The price is way high for this Buffet at $12.95!  Here's the competition:*  Mediterranean Buffet $7.99 (more food variety but recipes not as good).*  Cafe Istanbul (Buffet):  $9.95  (Similar excellent food & variety.)*  Princess Mediterranean Market (Buffet):  $9.95  (Similar excellent food & includes an awesome lamb shank!)Ok, so you argue, "but THIS IS GILBERT!  ROOTY TOOT TOO!Fine, the nearest other All-you-can-eat place is just a block or two up the street:*  BoomBozz -  An amazing 5 Star restaurant offering all you never ending servings of all different kinds of FANTASTIC pizza plus salad & so on for only $7.99!!So Phoenicia here is $3 overpriced, & they should go back to $9.99.  The Lunch Buffet is served Friday, Saturday & Sunday from noon, & it was ready on time.
3	= = = =  FRIDAY THRU SUNDAY LUNCH BUFFET!  = = = =A while back, these guys were advertising their Friday through Sunday at $9.99 on their website but diners would go there & eat it (with the price not signed inside), & then when you went to pay all of the sudden it was $12.95.  That was SO NOT OK!!Recently I checked again & they now show the right price on the website, so I dropped in today joined by Robyn N. to have the Buffet & post this new Update.SOME POSITIVES:*  There were only about 20 food items, including 3 kinds of hummus, but not counting sauces & dressings.  This is small for a Buffet, but by the end of the meal it seemed like that was plenty.*  The food was delicious!  (That's one thing, isn't it?)     :-)*  The hot dishes consisted of a good variety of different tastes.  There was Lentil Soup, a shrimp dish, gyro meat, a fish dish, Chicken Shawarma & others.For dessert there were two kinds of frozen yogurt.  I had the Pistachio, & it was good.  (Other dessert goodies are available at additional cost.)*  The service was friendly.HOWEVER...The price is way high for this Buffet at $12.95!  Here's the competition:*  Mediterranean Buffet $7.99 (more food variety but recipes not as good).*  Cafe Istanbul (Buffet):  $9.95  (Similar excellent food & variety.)*  Princess Mediterranean Market (Buffet):  $9.95  (Similar excellent food & includes an awesome lamb shank!)Ok, so you argue, "but THIS IS GILBERT!  ROOTY TOOT TOO!Fine, the nearest other All-you-can-eat place is just a block up the street, still in the same shopping center:*  BoomBozz -  An amazing 5 Star restaurant offering all you never ending servings of all different kinds of FANTASTIC pizza plus salad & so on for only $7.99!!So Phoenicia here is $3 overpriced, & they should go back to $9.99.  The Lunch Buffet is served Friday, Saturday & Sunday from noon, & it was ready on time.
5	I live in California but I make an extra effort to eat here every time I'm back home in Arizona. Their food is unreal: the gyros are packed with meat, the hummus is delicious, and you simply can't beat the Greek fries with Feta cheese on them, my favorite item on the menu! The food is all reasonably priced and the service is great: the owner is extremely friendly and always says hi when I stop in. If you're really hungry, or even if you're not, don't forget to get their handmade baklava on the way out!
4	Probably the best Falafel in the valley.It's very crunchy on the outside; soft, moist, and flavorful on the inside; and not greasy. Large Falafel balls make it a very filling dish or appetizer.Been here a couple of times. We first came a year ago because of a Yelp coupon, but it turned out we couldn't use the coupon for the buffet. We decided to keep the coupon for later and try the buffet. The buffet offered many choices for sampling. There was no Falafel on the buffet, but they did have hummus, dolmades, a couple salads, shawarma, cabbage rolls, lentil soup, cinnamon sugar crisp pitas for dessert, and other meat entree items. When we got the buffet we also ordered some Falafel and Fool to try. As I mentioned earlier, the Falafel is fantastic, but the Fool wasn't as good as we expected; there were a lot of red and green peppers, and those flavors overwhelmed the flavors of the fava beans and there seemed to be a lack of spices.Buffet food was decent, but we decided that next time we came we would order off of the menu in order to get our favorites. The dolmades were oily and tasted canned (you can buy canned dolmades from middle eastern grocery stores). You can definitely get you money's worth with the buffet, but other than getting full I don't think there was a dish that had us wanting more.We came for our second visit this summer with our Yelp coupon. As an appetizer we ordered a sampler, which came with some Falafel, baba ganoush, hummus, and taboule. The Falafel was amazing yet again, the hummus was pretty good (they make it in house fresh), but the baba ganoush didn't taste quite right and was nothing to write home about. The taboule was very good; lemony, and not too oily.For our entrees we both ordered lamb kabobs (not on the website). Lamb was very good. It was a little overcooked and chewy, but they flavors were very good and the portion size was large.Our appetizer took a long time to come out, so the owner told our waitress to bring us some complementary cups of lentil soup. This was very nice of them and we are fans of their lentil soup.Overall the entrees aren't anything special from what we have experienced, but the Falafel makes this restaurant worth the trip. If we come again, we will probably just order some Falafel and hummus. They do have desserts available which we have not tried, and they have smoothies which looked delicious. By reading the board of smoothie flavors and ingredients, it looks like the smoothies are naturally sweetened with honey or fruit juice, and they have very unique ingredients.The owner has been there every time we have come, the service is very friendly, and the restaurant has a comfortable environment.
3	Good food, however they don't understand the concept of a take out order.  When you call ahead to place an order, you expect the food to be ready when you get there 20 minutes later.  Unfortunately it always seems like they don't start making your take out order until you get there so you end up waiting for your order anyway.  I would give them 4 stars if not for this inconvenience.
3	I was craving a gyro and while my pregnant daughter opted for a chicken wing spot (to go) nearby, the rest of us enjoyed a quick dinner at Phoenicia Grill.   It was ok.  I like alot of things in my gyro salad.  While plenty green it was, it lacked the speckles of other vegetables I enjoy in a salad.   The dressing was "ok".  Having checked in via Yelp gave us a 10% discount on the bill so that was a plus!  I may be back since I know of no other gyro place in the area!  :)
4	We kept passing by this place. Last night a friend raved about it so we tried it for lunch today. First try was limited to gyros and dolmades. Probably the biggest gyro I have ever had with very tender meat... nice. Dolmades were great. Service was very good. Layout seems a little strange. We were not sure where to go when we walked in. The tables all had numbers on them so we didn't know whether they were taken or not? Hostess stand was all the way on the opposite of the room from the entry door. BUT, the food was really good. We are anxious to try some of the other things on the menu. Waiting to try the baklava we brought home:)
4	We found this place via the fabulous Yelp mobile app.  We were in a part of Gilbert I don't find myself in very often.  It was rated quite highly and we were in the mood for Mediterranean fare.   The outside is somewhat misleading.  There are advertisements all over the windows for standard "American food".  It reminds me of some of the restaurants I've seen in Europe that are trying to appear or cater to Americans ("USA Fried Chicken", for example.)  We were quickly seated and a quick glance at the menu confirmed that we were indeed in Hummus-ville.  The food was delicious.  The hummus was extremely smooth and creamy and had great flavor.  The pita bread was standard and given it's primarily a delivery system of hummus, I'm okay with this.  My falafel veggie wrap was delicious and my husband thought his gyro was the best he's ever had.  We both ordered the Greek fries.  I've always wondered about the authenticity of those because it seems like an excellent way to draw in Americans.  But no matter... they are gooey and delicious.  This is definitely a great little find.  I wish I lived closer!
5	This is a great little casual restaurant located south of Warner on Gilbert Road.  We've had the gyros, philly cheesesteaks, gyro salad, falafels, greek fries, lentil soup.  Excellent food every time.  Service and a sincerely friendly staff makes this a  go to place.  A bonus is that they offer a dinner all-you-can-eat buffet for a very reasonable price.  Great way to try many of their menu options.  I think they offer the buffet for lunch on weekends, but better call the restaurant to confirm.  It's a clean, fresh restaurant with a nice atmosphere to boot!  One of our new faves!
5	My husband and I loved the place.  Our son thought it was alright.  We had an Entertainment coupon, so that helped cut the cost of our meal down some.  The prices are good for all the food you get.  The service is wonderful, top notch.  The waitress and other servers were very attentive to the customers.  The place wasn't packed, but it was about 75% full and it was a Saturday evening.I had a combination plate of gyro and chicken schwarma with coleslaw and rice.  My husband had fries, steak kabob, hummus.  My son had fries with gyros.  They gave us free lentil soup and we got extra pita bread.The place itself was a little cold, but that was alright.  The food did take awhile to get to us, while we sort of froze.  But, the service and food were so good, that it more than made up for it. We'll be coming back again.
4	It was 10:30am and my wife, sister and I were very hungry. We were in the area, which we never are, and needed some chow quickly. At first, we wanted Pei Wei! Closed. Chipotle? Closed. We really didn't want to leave the complex so we decided to search. Then, we found this place. It was about 10:45am and the sign said they opened at 11am but one of the workers told us to go right in.  I liked the mom and pop feel of the shop! We go in and we're immediately greeted by a young lady who tells us to seat ourselves. We didn't realize it was an actual sit-down restaurant where they take your order. We thought it was one of those fast-casual type of places. Unfortunately, we were kind of in a hurry so we placed our order to go. I'm kind of on this burger kick. I broke my "no eating flour" kick last night when I had a burger at the Garage in Phoenix, and felt like eating another. So, I decided, what the hell. One more won't hurt! You can go back to that afterward. I looked at the burger list. The Greek Burger. Greek Fries. Oh man. So good. The burger was fantastic. The fries were to die for. It was smotherd in feta and a thick greek sauce. My wife kept eating my fries. So to get back at her, I ate some of her gyro. She got the gyro platter. That was very good too. If I'm ever back in the area, I'd be up for this place again.
5	My husband and I eat at Phoenicia Grill at least twice a month. If it were not for the fact we live in Fountain Hills, we would choose to eat here more often. First of all, as we walk in the door you are always greeted by the friendly owner. She never forgets your face and always lets you know how much she appreciates your business and that you enjoy her food. The meals are consistently fresh and delicious. The food presentation is picture perfect. We love their chicken shawarma, tabouleh, hummus and our favorite, garlic sauce. Make sure you order the Greek Fries, they will knock your socks off! Out of this world fries!! You have to try this cute little place. I know you will enjoy it as much as we do.
4	The food is pretty authentic made fresh and a lot of it is very healthy. Our kids like it and the server Joe is awesome. No matter how crazy our requests for our kids are. He makes it happen. We will be back again and again.
4	Great service!  Great food
3	For good medi-middle eastern food this place is better than most in the East Valley. The food platters are sizable for the cost, and service is great. Probably the best chicken shwarma I've tasted in Arizona.
3	Pros:  Food was great!  Chicken Shawarma was flavorful and juicy and good size portion.  Like the option of getting two sides as well instead of just one.  My wife ordered the falafel and another good size portion.  Some of the best middle eastern cuisine I've had in the area in a while.  Also had a great deal where if you checked into Yelp, got a item at half price with purchase of regular price item.Cons:   Service was awful!  Which is weird due to all of the reviews that lauded the service.  It took the waiter about 15 min. to take our order.  Had to also remind him about the hummus we ordered before the entrees.  Waiter came and picked up my debit card...and didn't see him for like 10 minutes.  Who knows what was going on with that.  Saw three different waiters at our table and none really seemed to know who was taking care of us.  All the staff seemed to have no guidance and was a little too laid back, especially when it got busy.  The table next to us had some of their food forgotten and again had to remind the staff what they ordered.  Overall food was great, but we will definitely be planning on take out next time.
2	The service was horrible! I even had to get up and refill my own drink! They forgot our sons meal, brought out dipping sauce for pita's but forgot to bring the pita's and just generally never checked on us. The thing that was weird was when we first got there the place was busy but after about 20 mins of being there the big crowd left and the service got worse! It was two young girls one dark haired and one blond haired, their attitudes sucked and shouldnt be waitressing! Took forever to get our bill, I had to stare them down for it and they just seemed like they didn't care about us! The food was good but not worth anything going back for, we have had same type of food going to little hole in the wall greek places.
5	the food is awesome here.  falafel appetizer, Shawarma salad is our favorite and the service great as well. Yesmine remembered our order when we arrived.  great job Phoenicia- we are hooked and will be there at least once a week.
5	Love this place! Tonight we had the hummus deluxe and chicken kabob salad and as usual it was delicious. Best hummus in town and the Greek fries are amazing!
5	This place is one of our favorites.  The food is always great and the service is top notch.  The gyros, chicken shawarma, greek burger and greek fries are all amazing!  The lunch buffet is a good choice as well.
4	Favorite Greek restaurant in the area. Wait staff could use a bit of improvement on refilling drinks- it seems they get pretty overwhelmed when busy. I will bypass that though since I really love the food. Their falafel is the best- especially served on a pita. Gyros and Chicken Shawarma are super tasty.  They have a reasonably priced buffet if you would like to sample a bit of everything.  I usually order take-out and the orders are quick.
5	The best in the valley.  If you want excellent food, ambiance, and the best service, look no further.  My new standby
4	I need more hummas!!! We usually do take out at Phoenicia Grill. The food blows my mind. We love the chicken shawarma and the gyro plate. The greek fries rock my world. The baklava is sweet. The greek salad is great. The service is hit and miss. My fiance goes here a lot so he had made friends with the staff. We can't not complain about service since we have always had great service.
5	Phoenicia Grill is where you need to go if you are looking for some good Greek food! I love this place! I am a huge Gyro fan and this is one or the best places that I have found for Gyros in the East Valley. Phoenicia grill also has hands down the best Greek fries you will ever have! Your body won't thank you for eating them but you will enjoy them! If you go I recommend the gyro and fries combo! It is my personal favorite
3	I was craving Greek food so my boyfriend and I decided to go check out this place because it was close to our home. As soon as we walked in we were greeted and we sat down. I was excited to try their buffet but we went for dinner and the buffet is only for  lunch. So we i got the mixed kaftah which had some beef and lamb with my two choice of sides( hummus and rice). My boyfriend for the cilantro chicken with hummus and rice. Both dishes were good but I felt like I could get this kind of food at any other Greek restaurant. The food didn't stand out and maybe it what's we ordered but it was ok. I'll come back and try the lunch buffet and see if the variety is better. The service was good but we felt our food took forever to come out.
5	We have been coming to this spot for at least 10 years. The owners and staff having been nothing but exceptionally nice to us. My kid is pretty picky about food, but he craves the chicken shawarma. It's not explicitly on the menu, but we always order a basket of shawarma and fries for him, and they have no problem with the special order. The food has always been excellent. I tend to order the chicken kabob plate, but I've tried the shawarma, the gyro, the vegetarian sampler, the shish kabob, and the kafta kabob. Everything has been excellent, but the chicken items really stand out. They offer a buffet, but I tend not to go for that - I watch my calories and I know I will gorge. If you do get the buffet, try the lentil soup and make sure you add a squeeze of fresh lemon juice - it makes the soup come alive! If you have the space, try the baklava. If not, try it anyway.
5	My husband and I love this place!!! We are here on a regular! I dream of the Greek fries when I've went too long without them.  Gyro meat is perfection and the staff is always AWESOME!!
2	My wife and I go here a lot. She really loves it. She gets chicken swarma. Always pretty good. I get gyros pita. Ordering gyros here is very hit and miss. They leave it on the spit way too long. Today my gyros was crispy. How can it be crispy? Ridiculous. Some days it's melt in your mouth and awesome. It's about 50/50. I guess they don't want to throw away food. Christina's on chandler blvd and Lindsey is way more dependable for gyros.
4	One of my favorite places for greek food. Gyro's are delicious & their greek frys are pretty scrumptious. They also throw down a buffet which is pretty awesome when feeding finicky kids. The owners are good people, very friendly & always a pleasure to speak with while dining in. Thanks for all the great meals!
4	Sylvia and the entire staff are truly awesome. We feel like family when we eat here, the portions are generous, the food is amazing. Having spent part of my teenage years in the Mediterranean, I can say with certainty the food is authentic.
3	I ordered two combination plates from here. My dad only eats halal meat so it narrowed my choices of restaurants down and led me to Phoenicia. It was my first visit. Their hummus was really good, so were their fries, nice and fresh. Good garlic aioli sauce as well. We also enjoyed the rice. The meat however wasn't too great. I'm middle eastern so I am a hard judge. I have experienced so much better tasting meats. Overall, I would be back if someone insisted on dining here. I may go back and try their hamburgers to give them another chance at winning me over. Right now I am not too impressed. But I must point out the gentleman taking my order was very nice. Superb customer service skills. Whoever hired him was an outstanding judge of character. 5 stars for customer service
4	The Phoenicia Grill offers a mean Gyro sandwich that won't leave you disappointed and asking, "Where's the Beef?". The Chicken Shawarma (shawarma combo-yum!) is flavorful and my daughter loves it. Garlic sauce is the Best on pretty much everything. Wonderful Hummus and rice. A place where meat lovers and vegans can unite with a great menu and friendly staff that makes every visit a enjoyable! I Love Phoenicia Grill!
5	This location is closer to me and it's way better than the Tempe location. I always order the Phoenicia burger with Greek fries and it's one of the best under $10 burgers. Customer service is good except for they usually forget to refill your drink which then you have to go refill it, honestly I think it would be better if they didn't have any waiters that would make a lot more sense for this Restuarant.
1	Worst food ever. Never go there!!!! Went there and had a gyro sandwich got diarrhea right at the same day. I heard similar stories frm my friends and family member @ different times of their visit. We ll never come back!!!!!
4	It was Saturday afternoon and I wanted to pick up lunch for the two of us somewhere. Being that is was the holiday season I wanted to avoid San Tan Village area because I knew the parking lot would be a zoo. So I drove west and ended up on Gilbert Rd. & remembered passing by this place.I ordered a Gyro Pita, Chicken Schwarma & some Greek Fries . I didn't wait very long before my food was ready. Gyro was good. Plenty of meat. Chicken Schwarma was pretty decent. I wouldve liked the chicken to be more seasoned but I like that they put hummus inside the pita. The Greek Fries were awesome! Probably the best version I've had. At other places the sauce on it is a little too tangy for my tastes.I will have to come back again and try their buffet lunch. I'm sure it would be delicious & for 12.95 per person, that's a pretty sweet deal!
5	Love it!
1	Called ahead take out order. Stated I would be getting a smoothie when we arrived, but the woman taking my order forgot to tell me the smoothie machine was broken. As I'm consoling an upset toddler she is motioning for me to sign my cc receipt. Really, my hands are full, and my order is not even ready yet. Salad was soaked in dressing. Called back, yes all to go salads are served with dressing on them, so beware, you have to eat it ASAP or have a big soggy mess. (That's what I get for stopping at Jamba Juice on the way home)
5	Awesome buffet. Excellent Greek food. The owners could not be nicer. Really make you feel at home. Waiters were prompt. I've been there probably a dozen times over the past year. I've never had a bad meal yet! My only problem is that the food is so wonderful....by the time I walk out the door I have eaten WAY TOO MUCH!
4	Great service! Very attentive and super nice. Food was delicious, especially chicken skewer, hummus, and falafel! Gyro was ok- had more flavorful ones. We had the vegetarian sample platter and combo skewer platter. Seating is a bit limited but didn't have to wait.
2	Food was good. Service was awful. Took 46 minutes from when we bought our food for it to get to our table. Don't go on Saturday nights. Save yourself and drive a few more miles and go to the one in Chandler.
4	One of our favorite Gyro places ever!! Consistently delicious every time we have gone. Just note it is not a fancy place, although you can dine in, it is very casual and family run!!
4	I eat here on a regular basis, and I have never had bad service or food. That, in and of itself, says a lot about this place.
5	I was a little worried that I wouldn't find good Mediterranean food here in the valley, but this place has soothed my concerns. Everything I ordered was good, even the tabouleh, which can sometimes go disastrously wrong. The service was fast and friendly, and each time I've gone, the food was delicious.
5	Came here on a random whim for the first time a couple of weeks ago with a friend. We were talking about greek fries (translation: I was talking about greek fries) and said friend had never experienced them before. After a quick little yelp search for greek fries, I found Phoenicia!Holy greek fries. This is the BEST I have ever had anywhere. I could eat them all day, everyday until I get so big that I can't have my own airline seat anymore. Thank God for the gym, y'all.Aside from the all encompassing greek fires, the falafel is crispy and hecka GOOD.I have now been here three time sin the last week and a half and I am bringing everyone I know with me.Oh, and the hummus. WOW. The super hot boyfriend doesn't even like hummus usually and he thought this was amazing. They make it in house and can sell you a small container to take home for $6. We purchased the classic (which is what they serve with their dishes), but I heard mention of a jalepeno/cilantro one that I am definitely going back for when I get through my first container.The staff is incredibly friendly and you will meet them all at some point during your meal. They all come over and ask if everything is great and offer to refill your water glass. Love this type of teamwork!Oh, and side note, they are closed on Mondays. Don't do what I did and get yourself all worked up for greek fries and be disappointed when you show up on a Monday and walk away greek-fry-less.
5	Delicious food, friendly staff, great prices in a small casual environment. We had the shawarma combo, garden salad and baba ghanoush...all wonderful and plenty of food. The guys working there are really friendly so ask them if you have questions or want recommendations. Everything is made from scratch...the gyros were my fav. Next time, I'll be trying the homemade baklava.
1	Loved the food here before but was so disappointed yesterday when I went in for the dinner buffet and they said they don't have it. It is still on their website. I drove all the way from queen creek for it :-( please update your website.
5	This was my first time here and I will  be back. My meal was amazing. The waiter was so accomendating to us and very nice we had a lot of questions.  One of the girls in my party is vegetarian and had to make sure her food wasn't cooked in the same oil as the meat. He assured  that it was cooked separate he also reccommened my meal and I loved it. The portions are really big which I was disappointed. That's right disappointed I really wanted to try the baklava but I was to full! Maybe next time ;-)
5	After having a baby, we got away from going here for a while.  We went back a couple of weeks ago and the food has gotten even better!  The hummus and the gyros meat are the best we have ever had!  The buffet is a thing of the past, but I'm glad because the food is a lot better when it is made to order.  The only thing I wish is that they would consider making fresh pitas instead of packaged.  The pitas are warm and tasty, but fresh home made pitas would be a nice twist that would further set this place apart.
5	Wow. Family owned. Everything made fresh and it taste like it. I ate way too much. Great great quality food. Super friendly staff. We are the buffet. A little expensive but worth it because of the quality.
5	What a fun restaurant with awesome Greek and American food! I definitely recommend this place.
5	This place is delicious!!!!  If you live or work in this area and are not eating here your making a monumental mistake. The woman who works here recommended the gyro. Best gyro I've had in a long while. Rice, light and fluffy goodness. You can feel the love and care in every bite.   If we let this great local place disappear it would be a crime against humanity. Drive past all the Friday McFunbags chain eateries and eat lunch here!
5	Wow! What a great dinner.  I stopped in to grab a quick bite for my wife and I. The service from start to finish was fast, and very friendly. The food was fantastic.  This is one of those restaurants that takes pride in each individual dish that goes out. Great stuff!!
4	This place has been consistently good.. Their lamb was off the charts moist and tender... Their seasoning is exceptional and their menu is priced very reasonable.. Service is courteous and fast.. Friday's are busy which is a good sign, so be a little patient.. I'd like to give them 5 stars but I think the owners need to re-do their sitting area to accommodate guests better. The big center booth needs to go.  I think they need to look at their lay out a little closer.. But no worries.. I'll be back, the food  is really great..
5	Family owned and run, we simply love this place.  Mom and daughter run Gilbert location and are awesome.  Great atmosphere for family.   Food is wonderful.  We eat in or take out and it has NEVER disappointed.  We have tried the kabob, shwarma, and kafta plates mostly.  Hummus is solid as well. You cannot go wrong here.  One of our all time favorites.
4	The Greek fries are SO GOOD! I got the chicken shawarma and it was kind of dry. The service was fine - not overly friendly, but not bad. But there was gratuity added to our bill with a table of three people..? But as soon as we said something about it, they removed it! Just think they shouldnt have added it in the first place.
5	This place is amazing. Great atmosphere inside with the Mediterranean music and livery. I've only had the beef and lamb gyro, which is packed with meat and topped off with taziki, onions, and tomatoes. This is also the only place in the area worth getting Greek fries at. So good. I would recommend this place to anybody looking to get something out of the norm and authentic
4	I have eaten here a few times and I have not been disappointed.
2	I have been going to Phoenicia grill for almost 2 years. It was pretty good tasteful food in the beginning. Decent prices. I remember friendly service and gesture of getting 25% off coupon for next trip. Beef kafta were great and they would even give free lentil soup while you wait for take out orders. Those days are gone. Couple of weeks ago tried to redeem a coupon but was told restrictions apply. Today ordered two combo plates and a gyro. Looks like beef kafta got shrink to kids size meal. Chicken skewer had 3 tiny pieces and hardly anything else. Looks like they split old days meal into two and selling it as two meals. I know people should loose weight but change in portion side is pretty sudden. You can definitely get better food at zk grill for much better price points. Another great option is Rania which has so much better quality food. Bye bye Phoenicia grill...
1	Awful service, first time I have ever walked out of a restaurant. 10 minutes to get drinks, while one server just walked around very dirty looking and not helping take orders. Food is to average for poor service!
4	Really good food, authentic atmosphere. Service is a bit awkward, but not bad for a family run restaurant.
4	Overall, the food was good.  This time we paid full price for everything and something seemed a bit off, but not sure what it is.  The gyro plate I got was A LOT of gyro.  My husband got the steak kabob plate and he was really disappointed there wasn't a lot of kabob.  Thankfully I had a lot of gyro and shared my meat with him.  My daughter got a gyro pita and she liked that.  My son got a chicken schwarma pita and it was a bit spicy for him.  I don't remember chicken schwarma ever being spicy as I've had this numerous times.The older lady and other waitress were super friendly.  My kids were a little dismayed at how friendly, but maybe we were all just really tired.  I don't know.  Because my husband and son weren't completely happy with their meals, I am giving them a 4 star instead of 5.My daughter and I were good with ours, and I think I left being a pound or two heavier because there was so much food.
5	This food is fresh, hot and delicious! Service was great, and the perfect place to have a nice meal before heading over to movie theater nearby. If you're too full to have dessert, take a baklava to go! It's out of this world!!Will definitely be back soon and also plan to use their catering as I saw a couple orders being picked up by folks on their way to holiday gatherings... a brilliant option for pot-luck gatherings!
5	Love this place!  Staff is attentive and friendly.  Favorite east valley location for gyros
