3	My youngest daughter chose Chen's for our "date night" restaurant.  Every couple weeks I go out one-on-one with one of the kids, my wife with the other and we switch off.  Make sure we get some one on time with each of them.  They pick the restaurant (within reason).So we ordered fried wonton's by mistake (our mistake, we meant to order crab rangoon, didn't see that and ordered the first thing that sounded similar without reading thoroughly) and it was OK.  Fried wonton filled with pork and scallion.We also ordered the chicken fried rice.  Again, OK.  Nothing special, basic Chinese fried rice.  Safe.When it came to an entree' I said "Why don't we try something more interesting."  My daughter said "OK", and ordered sweet and sour chicken.  It was then it occurred to me that my kids have possibly never had sweet and sour chicken because we (and they for the most part) shy away from the standard fare at Chinese restaurants.Anyway, the sweet and sour chicken was also OK.  Oddly, a few of the peppers were cold as if thrown into the chicken at the last second.  Portions were good, there were plenty of leftovers.  The food was such that the leftovers have only a 50/50 chance of actually being eaten...Basically 2.5 star fare.
4	I had forgetten about Chen's and happened to be driving by today, so I stopped in for lunch.  Decided to dine in...the atmosphere is very clean and it was fairly quiet.  I was surprised to see that the lunch combos are still only $4.95, it's really a bargain for the quality of food.  As I've mentioned in previous reviews, I eat a lot of asian food and, therefore, am always comparing quality, value, portion size etc.  The lunch started off with egg drop soup which was nice and light and an iceberg salad with an asian type of ranch dressing .  The entree (as pictured) included fried rice, a spring roll and and a crab puff, delicious.  There was enough food left over for another meal and the service was extremely prompt and friendly.This is a really good choice for a neighborhod chinese place in the far SE valley, either dine in or take out.  I've never been disappointed.
3	Chen's is 'aight.If you're looking for basic Americanized Chinese food this far south of the Valley, then Chen's won't steer you wrong.  The lunch specials are the way to go at roughly $5 bucks a pop.They give you soup but no choice, just egg drop.  They also give you a salad which I'm not very fond of.  The ranch they use tastes funny to me, maybe like it needs less mayonnaise and more spices.  Everyone seems to enjoy the salad though, so it could just be me.I'll usually have Sesame Chicken or Orange Chicken or General Chicken.  Basic stuff as the menu doesn't offer much beyond this fare.  Another thing I've found peculiar is that they seem to use the same vegetables in most every dish.  It's almost like they just switch up the sauces and meats. But all in all, I keep coming back here because of the proximity to my workplace and the limited options of other Asian places around.  Between Chen's and Asian Grill in Sun Lakes, I'd go with Asian Grill.  But Asian Grill is like a hideout for me and all of my other co-workers crowd Chen's up on a daily basis.It's still pretty decent, though.
3	A hearty "not bad". Not a place you'd bring out of town guests but very adequate for neighborhood fare. Service was very good and they may improve the food with time. Big portions and reasonable prices
2	I have to agree with the review on the watery sweet n sour sauce. Not sure but I've never had it as runny as it is here. Makes me wonder if they water it down. Besides that it is ok but for cheaper, good food go to Chen's (formerly Big Wa) 2 miles away on Mcqueen and Riggs.
1	My first and last time.  Not much flavor in the food.  Fried rice was soggy and hot and sour soup was weak on all accounts
5	This place is great. Fast and tasty food....large portions too. Awesome value. Friendly owners too. Love this place
2	Wish I had read the reviews before eating here. The host that met me for my take out order was very nice and the food was ready quickly as promised but it was very bland and a little strange. My wife ordered the Garlic Chicken, while it appeared to be cooked it was very odd in appearance, like a unnatural white so she ended up not eating it. I ordered the Wok Fried Chicken which was tough and far heavier on fried then chicken but in this case that was probably a good thing. Thinking the fried rice would be the safe option we ended up having to remove all the chicken from the rice before we were comfortable eating it. Unfortunately it won't be on my list for a return it. I would give it one star but will give it two for friendly staff and quick service but for no other reason.
4	Our favorite spot :)
2	the only reason we even go there is that it's close. food court cuisine, but fair prices and good service. It's okay if you're just craving chinese, just don't expect to be blown away.
5	This place is great! Wonderful service and the best Chinese food in the Valley. Huge servings for great prices. Try the spring rolls and the teriyaki chicken! They're my favorite.
5	This place rocks! Best chinese food ever. Especially the orange chicken. Definitely recommend this place.
5	Great food and nice people... Me as my kids eat here 2 times a month... Good food for the price! Love the spicy noodles
3	Decent food for the price.   Not great but not bad.  Kids like it.  One exception is the pot stickers.   Those are really good.
3	I have yet to eat anything here that knocks my socks off. It is a decent place, though, not bad by any means. Today I had the Broccoli with Garlic Sauce. Just ok. I was happy I was able to swap out white rice for my preferred brown rice. Don't worry, Chen's, I will be back!
1	I ordered the Shrimp Lo Mein and Chicken with vegetables.  The noodles were overly cooked in the LoMein and flavorless.  The Chicken had a very odd taste.  I called to complain and only received a refund on the Chicken and Vegetables.  Whoever I spoke with was reluctant on refunding my $$.  I will not be going back! Worst customer service!
2	Pretty average production-like faire. The fried rice is boring and the food is kind if salty. Disappointing.
5	We have there care - out once a week. Excellent, fast service and always great food at a very fair price:)
5	This is our new go-to place to satisfy cravings for Chinese food, and we've eaten at several since moving to this side of town two years ago.The menu has the usual fare, but how it's prepared is fresh, crisp and light.  From vegetables to the crab puffs, everything we've tried over about six visits has been noticeably better than other places.  Even the tiny corn-on-the-cobb-y things are crisp and delicious!I thought I was just imagining the difference in their preparation on our first visit (you know, being extra-hungry or something), but we've enjoyed every meal we've had here - usually grabbing take-out on our way home from the golf course!Service is always friendly and fast.  After ordering and a quick stop in their very clean restrooms, hubby & I chatted about our round of golf for only a minute or two before our order was presented in neatly packed no-spill box to take home.Though the restaurant is small, the tables and booths look nice and comfortable.  There were several tables with folks enjoying their meals.  (Empty restaurants always frighten me!)We'll continue to make this our go-to place for a healthy, fresh & delicious after-golf meal!
5	Very happy with chens, their general tso chicken is awesome and the Korean soup is also very good. Great fried rice and the food always tastes fresh. Only bummer is they stopped making home made spring rolls but the egg rolls are still homemade and good. Chinese food places can be a hit or miss just lucky enough to live next to a good one
5	For the last year I have been addicted to their pan fried noodle dish!! Freshly prepared, generous portions, excellent service.  I'm am very pleased to live close by!
