3	Dropped into this place with a family member who lived close by.  Affordable prices and the food was really good.  It's a cross between a greasy spoon and a homemade mom and pop shop.  I had a roast beef melt on a kaiser...actually, it was killer. Really enjoyed it.  I had their soups, which when I commented that I liked it to the waitress, she commented all the soups are homemade. Only reason, I gave it 3 stars is that the service wasn't over the top. It was good, prompt but the engagement was a bit on the lower end. Good place to drop in and have a bite and be on your way again.
4	Although its appearance is underwhelming, this location has some of the best BBQ I've ever tasted.  Far better than you'd find at any Big Box restaurant, this restaurant has excellent BBQ ribs, burgers, wings, sandwiches, and home made pies.The prices are very reasonable.  I got a half rack of ribs and wings plate with vegetables and a baked potato for $15.  The ribs fall apart and require very little chewing; they've been slow cooked to perfection.  Their BBQ sauce on both their ribs and wings was outstanding - a smokey, sweet flavour, which also tastes like it could be home cooked.If you have room after their healthy portions, try a slice of their home made coconut or banana cream pie.  One slice easily finishes off a great meal, and is more than enough to share with another person.I agree the service could be better, and the decor could be updated. However, the food is phenomenal.
1	The appearance of this restaurant is from back in the 80's it is definitely in need of a renovation however I've been wanting to try this place for quite a while I live just down the street. I have never heard a review of the place from any friends or family but decided to give it a try. The special of the night was outside beef roast the people I was with decided on that I decided to order the 8oz strip steak and shrimp with fries. The steak was bland it was not seasoned before cooking it must have been pre-cooked and the. Just heated to serve when I got it. It was like rubber I should have sent it back but I decided not too as I won't be back. The fries were bland as well I wonder if they ever use any salt on anything. In the end the service from the waitress was good she did look after us well the food and the decor will keep me from coming back.
4	Great breke - standard fare, but cheap!
