5	Such a find!!!! Loved this store. It was new and beautiful and the owner, Terri, was so friendly.  Selection of merchandise had some great designer labels. Can't wait to shop again!!
5	Great boutique style consignment shop.  Very diverse selection with very high end (Jimmy Choo) to moderate pieces.  Cute, well done, smells good :).   I hate consignment shops that smell bad.  Owner is sweet and very helpful!  Glad I found it!
5	What a cute shop! The location is a little challenging to find - but well worth the search!! I got a great deal on some very unique clothing pieces.
5	Great little boutique.  Not very big, but the selection and brand name merchandise is awesome!  Terri, the owner, is very sweet and helpful.  Bought a pair of Tory Burch Sandals at a steal!  I'll be a regular!
3	Showed up at the old location, called and got directions to the new location. The owner has an eye for fashion merchandizing and presenting things cutely. Where this store falls short is on the the actual merchandise. I took in two things and left empty handed - a rare occurrence for me. My other complaint is that items aren't reduced by date. After shopping some other consignment shops, I guess they don't do that in this state?On the plus, the store is clean and smells great. I do wish the tunes would be cranked up. Good luck in the new local FKCB!
5	Great place! Very nice consignment store with high end brands: Gucci, Tory Burch, Prada, Kate Spade and much more!!! Wonderfully laid out with great prices. The owner is fabulous and great to her consignors since she doesn't put stuff on sale in order to move merchandise quicker. If you have stuff to sell, sell it here!!!!
5	Great consignment store.  The owner is very friendly and helpful; but not pushy.  She has a fashion eye with her merchandise.  Lots of designer or name brand items.  Fabulous selection of designer purses.  If anything, she needs more space especially for her shoes.  Worth the visit.
5	This is a great place to consign and shop!   Super trendy and high end designer goods!  Staff very friendly.
5	Great little consignment store tucked next to Basha's on TPP/Bell. Saw a coupon on the mailer so I thought I'd come check it out. I'm glad I did! I found not one, but 2 pairs of shoes!! You had me at Chanel and Giuseppe! Got a super cute skirt too-hello Roberto Cavalli ! And very very reasonable prices. I will be making my rounds here. The owner Terri is super nice! She can help you find what you are looking for :)
