3	girls swimming in jumbo cocktail glasses :)
4	place is no different from your average peeler bar...only difference is that the strippers seem genuinely nicer here.  least my wallet is getting killed by kindness, ehh?
3	The girl in the cocktail glass was awesome. It was quite amusing overall.
2	Stand freezing outside in a queue held up by a bouncer that wants a bribe - too similar to Indonesia this was for me. Get inside, and there is not much to see- ok there are the topless women and girls in bikinis walking around but somehow I just did not find it interesting.DJing was awful. Bar service prompt and attentive.
4	I liked this spot. I never give 5 stars unless I see everything a place has to offer, so 4 from me is pretty good.The decor and atmosphere of the place is very different from what you'd expect at a "gentleman's club" I was expecting dark maroon. You know your standard stereotypical atmosphere with places of this nature. However it was a nice purplish hue, didn't make you feel bad for being at such a place. The entire place felt roomy and open. Plenty of seating and the seating was comfortable. The entrance has a girl just chillin in a huge cocktail glass. Bar service was fast and prices were average. No complaints here. Plenty of girls just walking around. Give them "a look" and they will come to you. Not overly aggressive unless you want them to be, compared with other establishments. Plenty of cute girls, a handful that surpass that and on to the "hot" category. I believe the place turns into a club at 4AM, but did not stay long enough to see how that was.Overall, a place I would recommend and wouldn't mind going back to.*note: this is a topless gentleman's club, that serves alcohol. Not full nude, perhaps unless you pay for VIP service to go to the back.
1	Stripclub with expensive drinks, rude bouncers, unfriendly hostesses and bartenders.  The hostess didn't allow one of us to use a pen, and that is after the $30 cover and $100 of lap dances and drinks per each of us.
3	I saw Mike Tyson when I was there last night.
3	After clubbing at Tao at the Venetian, friends and I were still pretty drunk, so we wanted to hit up one of the afterhours spots...  We had heard about Drai's, but one of my girlfriends wanted to go to a strip club, so the taxi driver took us here.Okay, I would have given this place 4 stars if they didn't charge so damn much. I mean, come on, $30 cover charge for girls?! That's ridiculous I think... the night clubs don't even charge girls that much. and on top of that, yeah, strippers are hott to look at, but i paid $30 to watch another girl dance. oh well... anywho, we still wanted to go, so we went on in.. And also, just like everyone else mentioned, $9.00 for Voss water. And it isn't even the glass bottle, they give you the plastic ones... I would usually never pay this much for water, but shit, after dancing for 5 hours, I was dehydrated.Overall, this place is fun. At first when we were in here, it was just the usual strip club with everyone sitting around watching the strippers dance.  However, at 4AM, Seamless turns into a club.. They have a DJ set up on the main stage, and all the strippers start dancing, and a bunch of gogo dancers get up on stage and dance too. The whole place turns into a club with everyone dancing.  Also, the night that we were here, the music was really good. The hip hop was okay, but the DJ spun house for awhile, which was awesome, since that's the type of music I love.Last but not least, the strippers here weren't actually that cute.. I would think a strip club in Vegas would have some sort of screening, but I guess not.  The gogo girls here were much cuter than the actual strippers.So, 3 stars for Seamless. Definitely a fun place, but the prices are ridiculous.  I usually don't mind Vegas prices, but this place charges a bit too much.
2	Everyone raves about strip clubs in Vegas, but honestly, I was bored. It's not like I'm a topless bar connoisseur, but I'm pretty sure that my reaction wasn't supposed to involve boredom. A stripper here told me that what she really wanted to do was be a teacher. I hope she got her teaching credentials!
3	it's 3 am and you want to keep partying. it's 3 am and you can't decide if you want a lap dance or 2 tequila shots.it's 3 am and you've lost your cellphone. it's 3 am and 5 of your girlfriends got into a fight. it's 3 am and you feel like watching some topless dancers. it's 3 am and you don't want to go to a strip club or a bar. it's 3 am.... in VEGAS. oh! the possibilities! okay, all in all, i would give this place 4 stars- but i got into a huge fight with the bouncers/security of this place. my friend decided to park her car in front of the entrance (blocking oncoming traffic) of the valet/ velvet ropes... all the attendants were screaming at us (drunk b*tches) to move the car. my friend started a ruckus and asked to speak to the owner (which she was friends with). well, the bouncers started kicking her car... i didn't object to it because she WAS blocking the entrance to the VIP parking lot. however, one of the bouncers took a jig (knife) and punctured her tires. okay.... so how the hell are were supposed to move the damned car NOW?!?! whatevs... i need to see some boobies. screw this. you walk in- there's lights flashing everywhere, poles ascending from the high ceilings, cute (but not drop dead gorgeous) girls sitting in giant martini glasses and horny dudes staring at all the pretty girls. you'd think it was just a good ol' strip joint- nope. at 4am, this place is PACKED and the music starts pumpin'. it's a dance club... but w/ hornier and prettier go-go (TOPLESS) dancers. yum. haha. the decor is colorful. they did a great job on the modern/sleek furnishings.
2	This place isn't really a strip club.  There aren't a bunch of girls trying to tackle you for your $20 per song and the girls that are there would rate somewhere between a 5 and an 8.  This place isn't really a dance club either.  It's got huge video screens that play the music videos from the songs they're playing (though the video is a bit out of sync with the actual music) and no one is dancing, well except the wigglers.  It's not a strip club because they play really long songs sometimes without cutting them short.It's not a dance club because most of the patrons there are just guys who think it's a strip club.It mostly just comes across as a sad dysfunction between the two with a location that's far removed from The Strip (near Orleans) and a $30 cover that just makes you feel like you were ripped off when you leave.  I actually started the review giving these guys three stars, but now that I've re-read it, I'm moving it down to two.  if you want to dance, go to Late Night Empire or Drai's.  If you want a strip club, then ask your limo driver (you're not still driving around in taxi's are you?).
1	There are so many things that bother me about this strip club:You can tell some rich mafiaso dropped a huge chunk of cash to build it.  But next to the Orleans?  Isn't that where Engelbert Humperdinck plays when he's in town?  Why not next to a casino that's hip, like Mandalay Bay or the Palms - why next to the Vegas AARP waiting room?  And so far from the strip?Also, there's really no parking except valet, and there's always a group of comic book villain doormen waiting out front to shake you down before you get in.  Very intimidating entryway, sort of makes you just want to keep driving.  Really - can't you just drive over to the Spearmint Rhino, which is closer, and get in easier as well?  And they've got more, better looking strippers?  And the drinks are the same or cheaper?  Why are they making it so hard for us to commit Sins here?  It's time to be naughty dammit - it's supposed to be disturbingly easy, not painfully hard...  Finally the strippers froth like hungry pirannha as soon as you enter - apparently they're starved of fresh fish.  The ones who are there are not tens, or eights even?  Again, poor location and execution.My best guess for the continued existence of this club is that it has the best drugs - but the management must be keeping them all to themselves.
3	i'm giving one star to each thing i thought was cool about seamless...star #1: pretty girl sitting in large cocktail glass filled with water when you walk instar #2: very very very cool bathroom doors. i was actually afraid at first; but felt a little giggly when i shut the door and POOF! it's pink! i almost wanted to keep opening and shutting the door just for fun. :pstar #3: the beyond shit ton of stuff on the bathroom counter! why get ready at home when you could get ready at seamless?!beyond that....  i don't remember much.. hahaha
4	I sobered up as we pulled up in a limo and walked into Seamless.  I'm not sure what time we pulled in but definitely fell into the "after hours".  I recall sitting on a booth like seat lined with men laid back and this one guy had 2 girls straddling his lap.  Kinda hot but kinda not as their thongs were in my face when I woke up from a little nap.  I didn't mind their asses in my face but it was their lingerie that was a bit disappointing.  I mean I have a better collection of lingerie than what these girls were wearing and if I was a bit more drunk I would have whipped my pants off and started dancing as well.  Glad I didn't as my friend was giving my other friend a lap dance and she got called out by the staff with a flashlight and was asked to stop.  The bathrooms were cool but all I remember is that table service cost a bit ($470 for about 7 people at our table) and all I drank was 2 Voss waters at $10 a pop.  The more than life size cocktail glass was interesting as we stopped our friend from jumping in.  All in all it was a fun and memorable place that I got to enjoy with some great friends.  Saying that,  this place is not what I expected at all.  I think Shotgun Willie's in Denver has classier well not classier but hotter women than here but then again I didn't come for them so it didn't really matter.
3	Well...this was my first time here...i have been to a similar establishment on another vegas trip.  We managed to work a limo ride and free cover so that was sweet cause paying $35 a person plus dances can get pricey!  the guy in our group decided to get a table for $350..and the part that pissed us off was that when it was all said and done the bill with tip was $650!!!!  apparently rock stars (which i don't even like) were like $8 a pop or something..nuts!  Dances were good...we managed to find a couple ladies with great asses to come and visit our vip area on muliple occasions.  We had a nice crowd of boys around our area as we danced with one another also!  The after hours club part of Seamless stinks in my opinion...lame techno music and the people weren't much to look at but i guess at 4 am no one really looks their best anymore!
4	this place is perfect for those of us socal visitors who decide to drive out after work.. arriving at 1am in vegas (leaving san diego around 8pm, making the long drive across the mojave). it's a little too late to hit the clubs (we dont like bottom of the barrel, drunkard men) and you're not drunk enough to enjoy the naked women at spearmint. so there's seamless, a little of both. the club itself is small, but it's nice. the bathrooms are similar to tao's with the opaque glass doors. the stage has two poles, with a smaller stage opposite of it with two poles, so potentially there are up to four ladies dancing at a time. the dancers are decent, not the best i've seen in vegas, but decent. at four am, the stage is replaced with a dj set, and chairs are cleared to allow space to dance. however, there are still plenty of ladies "working" in the vip areas and apparently there is a bit of ambiguity on who is a "working" lady and who is not (as if the four-inch clear stilettos did not give them away..) drinks are poured generously and the vibe is fun. it's sexy but non-threatening. i wonder if this is going to be vegas' next big phenomenon-- nightclubs with topless women? hey, seems to work for them!
3	I'm not a big fan of strip clubs although I've been to a few. I was here for my cousin's bachelor's party and as soon as you get a glimpse of the women, you know you're staying put. It's like the Ms.Universe pageant but with really slutty lingerie instead of gowns. I have never seen a collection of beautiful women of different ethnicity gathered in one place before going to Seamless. I think Ms.Australia took the chunk of my strip club allowance that night. If you come here as a group you're gonna have to get table service and order bottles, because how do you get lap dances if you're not seated?If you go to strip clubs, please don't come back whining about how much you spent, They were designed to suck every dollar you have on you or tucked away in the bank (yes atms inside). You silently sign the I'm giving you all my money clause the moment you decide to go there.The other half of our party wanted to go clubbing at Rain (back then it was the shiznit), I asked them in Rain if they hand a hot girl $20 would she take her top off and start rubbing her body all over yours? I'm sure they still don't know what Rain looks like to this day.disclaimer: I went here 2 years ago, idk if the collection of ladies have declined or improved since then.
1	I keep it classy, folks.But, apparently, that's only when I'm at home in SoCal.  Vegas draws another side of me.  A side that is down to go to a strip club.  Ok, ok.. I admit it.  There may have been some excitement on my part.  It was my very first strip club experience ever.Luckily, my girls are hot so we hustled our way in for free ($30 cover?!  Two words: HELL and NO!), got a round of drinks on the house & free limo service to our next destination.  I'm not sure if I was drunk and blind, but I barely saw any nekkid ladies.  They must've been hiding because I only saw 3 pairs of tig ol' bitties total and a few ladies in their lingerie.  Bottom line:  I was tricked because this "strip club" was not nearly as fun as the ones I've seen in Grand Theft Auto.
4	After Gambling at the CasinoAfter you drink at the barsAfter you Party at the ClubCome to this place for the After Hours.  Its nothing special, but its a good spot to cap off a late weekend night.  The club charge $30 but i wouldn't pay more than $20(see the website for info.  If you're with girls it should be Free.  I guess the price just depends on what time you go and how you or in my case the girls with you look.  I recommend drinking before you come in and just getting a couple of drinks here, its not the best bar.  The crowd is mostly guys-shocker-of all walks of life.  The Strippers and Employees are good about not harrassing you to buy drinks and dances like some places which adds a star,  Theres plenty of Butter Face strippers here-you know- everything looks good but her face.Overall I like Seamless club
3	If you're not a smoker, be prepared to get smoked.  I don't smoke but don't mind it too much, but for some reason, there was a lot of smoke the night I came.But that's Vegas right?  So let's get down to business.  Seamless is a nightclub but it's also a strip joint.  How many strip joints are nightclubs and how many nightclubs are strip joints?  I think there's only one and that's Seamless.If that's not what you're into, then stop bitchin'.  If you got dragged into this place, get the hell out.  If you think the strippers are ugly, ask for a refund.  Cheap bastards like me hate paying cover for strip joints because you always feel like you're getting ripped off - especially when you're getting a lousy lap dance.But on the other hand, why are you in the strip joint in the first place?  You got there somehow, so you might as well suck it up and try to have fun.  Otherwise, you're just bitchin'.
2	The club itself is like most strip joints (except this runs 24hr) and like less reputable ones, you need to watch out the place doesn't fleece you. Private dances cost $100, but you need to buy drinks on top, which depending who you talk to could cost anywhere from $35 to $75 extra. Caveat emptor!The go-go girls don't do dances, drinks are averagely priced but overall I wouldn't reccommend this as value for money (considering the steep cover charge). Music changes at 4am supposedly to a dance / techno theme.
4	It's places like this that make me dread my future husbands bachelor party, but I can't lie and say I don't love a good strip club every now and then. This one is pretty decent, most importantly CLEAN.... as far as a strip club goes. If you're a girl then every thing is pretty much free, even a little attention from the strippers but I think its funnier to watch the guy friends all entranced by some fake boobs and jiggly asses. It's a nice way to chill out after a crazy night - you just sit there and unwind
