4	Dr.Ric Rios is the best;  he has prescribed contacts and glasses for me and my family for many years. I just wish the office  wasn't so far away from my frequent destinations. It would also be great to see if he has more updated frames, I currently like the French designer Koali made in Australia.
5	My family has been going to PV Eyecare for many years. We have never had any issue with the staff or Dr. Rios who is the best! Appointments are flexible and prices are competetive. This is a no pressure place- unlike other places. You can buy your frames/contacts  there or they will give you your prescription and you can go elsewhere. I am not familiar with any of the other doctors that are there but if you need a great eye doctor- try Dr. Rios.
4	Today was my first visit to Paradise Valley Eye Care, and I can say that it was a pleasant one and I would return again.My first impression of the office was that it looked nothing like the pictures shown on their website, which was offsetting -- I'm quite sure it's a stock photo.  In comparison the office appeared mildly run down.  There was a slight hiccup in my paperwork, there was another patient in their system with the same name, but the office staff was organized and proficient enough to rectify the issue seamlessly. I've read a few negative reviews (not on yelp) on this office, particularly pertaining to the office staff, so I think I'd like to offer my two cents. The office staff does not have the bright perky young receptionist feel that I've come to expect in a stereotypical Scottsdale private practice.  The office ladies will probably not light up when you walk through the door or make small talk. They, however, work in a matter of fact manner and seem competent and accretive.  They needed minimal information to get the insurance information for my visit and realized their mistake in assuming I was a different patient instantly.  Others who are expecting and that may be accustomed to a cheery greeting might find the demeanor of the office cold, however I find that they are simply busy at their work.The ophthamic assistant/tech was friendly, she managed myself and another party with two young boys rather well, with minimal waiting during the exam preparation process without rushing anyone.The optometrist, Dr. Christensen, was very patient with me.  I had been neglectful in taking my contacts out before bed, and he gave me a gentle warning that this was causing visible scratching and scaring on my cornea without making me feel uncomfortable.  He took the time to explain the development of an astigmatism in my right eye, and gave me a cost comparison on the normal lenses I was accustomed to and the toric ones I could buy for the most clear vision.  I was given the opportunity to try both types of lenses (the normal ones and the toric) and he was completely unbiased to the options that I had to choose from, which was appreciated.I liked the lady who helped me pick out my frames at the end of the visit.  I had a good idea what my insurance covered (VSP), but wanted to verify it, and she was very knowledgable and helpful.  She calculated the difference in cost on whether using my insurance benefit on my frames or lenses (as it would only cover one) was more cost efficient so I could make an informed decision.  I picked up a pair of Dior frames that were discounted to $189 (before my insurance coverage) and I'm super happy with the find!  I was informed that my glasses would be ready in 1-2 days, which was more than reasonable.Overall, I would recommend Paradise Valley Eye Care, especially to those who have eye insurance coverage.  I think the office is ran very competently and very efficiently.
4	I was a patient of Dr. Bridgewater's for over ten years, and when he passed away their offices referred me to Dr. Ric Rios and the transition has been a blessing in disguise. I am a suffer of keratoconus and had a cornea transplant in 08. Up until I saw Dr. Rios, have never had quite the success in fitting a contact lens. I have a hard lens in the right eye and a hybrid in my left. The hybrid has me seeing better than 20/20 out of it. AMAZING! I will soon have a hybrid put into my right has well. The only regret, if there is any, is the somewhat snotty old receptionist who calls to confirm appointments. Beyond that... Doctor Ric rocks. Thanks Bud!
4	I have been going to Dr. Rios for several years and I think he is great. My eyes are a weird shape and I always had difficulty finding contact lenses, but he was able to determine the perfect brand. I agree with several of the other posters regarding the facility being a bit dated and the office staff not always being the most professional and pleasant; however, I care more about my physician being competent and professional than his staff.
1	I have no idea why this place is so highly rated. In October 2012, I came to this establishment saw the doctor and received the prescription. I did not get my glasses right away because there was a mix up with my insurance and I would need to wait until January until my insurance reset. Come the new year I called the office to set up time to get my glasses. At this point Paradise Valley Eye Care had informed me they did not have my prescription on file because I saw Dr. Christiansen. Well come to find out the doctor had no record of my visit. It was not until April that they found my prescription and had it sent over. I went and ordered my glasses-finally there was light at the end of the tunnel! My appointment was for early June to order pick out my glasses. I was told my glasses would take 2-4 weeks to arrive. July comes around and I have yet to hear if my glasses had arrived. I called the office and they stated my glasses arrived three weeks ago. Assuming positive intent and the possibility the my cell phone did not receive the call, i let it go. I went in to try on my glasses and became incredibly sick due to the stigmitism. They said nothing could be done and I would need to see the doctor again to be re-examined. I had my appointment the next day and it was determined I would not need a prescription with stigmitism. Reordered my glasses and started to play the waiting game. Again I was told it would take 2-4 weeks. 4 weeks had gone by and again I never heard about my glasses and had to call. Again I was told I was called 3 weeks ago and they had my glasses. I had them double check the number to make sure they were calling the right person, my information was correct. I arrived at the  Paradise Valley Eye Care, and the ladies at the front desk had informed me I must have been mistaken because they did not receive my glasses and did not give me a call. I reminded them that I called them and they told me the glasses were there. After more research the front desk had said that they had record of the glasses being received and even signed for them-but they could not find them. They offered to have me pick up a new pair of glasses and wait 2-4 weeks or go with the ones I had. I really liked the ones I picked out, so I decided to go with the glasses I had originally picked up. Again the same old story, I would need to wait 2-4 weeks and they would call me to pick up my glasses. As you can imagine the same situation occurred again, where they "supposedly called me" and the glasses were there. Now on September 14th, I went in for hopefully the last time to get my glasses. Again tried on the glasses, and what do you know-they only removed the stigmatism from one of the lens. So I knew immediately when I started to get sick. Come to find out there were two prescriptions, one that showed no stigmatism and the other that showed one. Ironically they could fix this problem on the spot (It is my wonder why they did not do this the first time around)-Finally after almost a year of getting my initial eye exam, I have my set of glasses. Now Eric and some older women who would not give me her name (which I found really odd) were very sympathetic to my situation. They gave me a eye glass case, a pretty one. But truth be told after this ordeal I expected something more than a damn eye glass case. In summary this office is unorganized, unprofessional, horrible customer service and a place I highly recommend on not using. The office had several opportunities to show great customer service in all of my times that I went back to the office-but they severely failed every time!
1	I wouldn't go to this one ever again! I understand I have a high power but the glasses which they gave were so thick especially at the edges, they were literally blocking my side vision. I will never recommend this to anyone!
1	I went here to get contacts in July 2012.  before i went back to see the doctor, i was told that a contact lens only exam was $99.  I told the girl at the front desk that $99 was all i could afford.  I had $120 and that was it.  when i got done with the exam, my bill was $200, and of course I couldn't pay it, because I only had $120.  I guess they didn't hear me when I said I only had $120.   apparently, i got more than just a contact lens exam, even though I SPECIFICALLY STATED that I wanted ONLY the CL exam . When I couldn't pay, i told them i would pay the rest at a later date.  i did go back a few months later and paid the remaining balance and bought some contact lenses, which were fine.  today, i stopped in there because i really need new glasses.  my current pair was about 7 years old.  i informed the girl at the desk of this and i informed her that  i was unwilling to pay for a new eye exam after i was informed that the 18 month old script was expired. she seemed annoyed that i was standing up for myself and she said she would see what the doctor would say and i looked at frames.  i picked out a $150 frame and brought it to the counter.  now it's a different lady at the front.   she looks me up in the computer and says that i don't have a glasses prescription on file. Why don't I have an EYEGLASSES SCRIPT on file?  WHY??  i guess the $200 dollar eye exam didn't include an eyeglasses script.  IS THAT CORRECT? she said she would ask the doctor if it was okay for me to buy these glasses, but i didn't want to wait around for them to ask permission from the doctor if it's okay for me to spend my $$$ in their store, so i left.  can't say what he would have done, but my guess is that he'd wanna charge me another $200 to tell me that "everything is fine and your script hasn't changed".  my script has changed VERY LITTLE since early 90s.  If it has gotten worse, it's not by much, as I can still wear the glasses I received in the US Army in 1992 and they work fine (though I would not wear them in public :) i don't have insurance and need to pay cash and i just needed some glasses. I DID NOT NEED ANOTHER EXAM,   I'm tired of this highway robbery.  this place seems to really like the money grab so beware.   Most people with insurance don't question extra charges because they know their insurance will cover it.  In response to Dr. Rios' angered reply.  I lied?  how come I paid $99 on my first visit and then returned at a later date to pay the remaining balance?  I combined your two charges of $98 and $99 respectively, and called it $200.  Deal with it.  Why doen't $200 cover for a glasses script?  What lobbyist out there wanted a STATE LAW to renew eyeglass scripts annually?  Can you say "Special Interests"???  Blackmail?  Where do you see blackmail? That statement about blackmail alone makes me think you are wacko.  I got my lenses duplicated and that is perfectly within the law of the State of Arizona to do so.  I am completely satisfied with my new glasses and I see great.  Thanks for your concern about the health of my eyes, though!  How would he know if my script was the same since the 90s?  He only saw me once and I brought no previous records with me.   Disrupt your office?  I may have debated briefly with the counter girl, but I made no scene or raised my voice or anything like that.  I do have an exuberant personality, I don't deny that.   Dr, Rios, do you think you are insulting me by saying I should seek charity if I cannot afford eye care?  I was told on the phone before driving down to the office that the exam would cost $99.  When I got the the counter it was twice that amount.  I could afford it,  but it wasn't the amount I was told I would pay. I specifically told them on the phone before I came down, that all I had was $100.  That's why I had to return at a later date to pay the remaining balance because I was unable to pay the full amount.  As far as my previous contacts not working, Dr. Rios specifically told me that certain cleaning solutions on the market were ruining the disposable contacts making them unwearable.  He mentioned that the "Eye Care Community"  had recently discovered this information.  I went back to using the peroxide cleaning solution,  same solution I used in the late 1980s and I haven't had any more problems with disposable contact lenses.  Why did I come back to the office to get glasses when my first experience was bad?  BECAUSE I didn't think that after 18 months, my script would be expired.  I was wrong.  Since BOTH of my visits involved money grabs, I decided to write this review.   Inaccurate and malicious?  I don't think so,  I'm just stating my experience, and of course my opinion.  You don't have to share my opinion, but you do have to deal with this statement regarding your business remaining here on yelp.
5	Easy to find. The staff was friendly. They had all the necessary equipment on sight to do any exams/tests needed. Dr Hollenbach was great and explained every test and my results with me as we went through them. I would recommend Paradise Valley Eye Care to anyone!:)
4	Nice, courteous and professional.  They do seem a bit expensive for glasses, but I only have VSP, so it might be more "me" than "them" :)
5	I had a slight emergency where I got a piece of metal shaving burned into my eye. I just happened to be driving by when i noticed their office, so I stopped there instead of the E.R. So glad that I did. Dr. Rios saw me immediately and and numbed the area and within 10 mins of me being there he had the metal shaving  extracted and it was practically painless. I couldn't thank him enough. I later returned to him when I needed contacts and He and his entire staff were very pleasant to work with during my eye examination to bring patient with me in showing me how to insert my contact lenses. I am very past due on my annual eye exam but will be calling his office and making an appointment with him asap! I Can't say enough about them. Thank You. Jason Weir
1	This place is horrible!!! I had an appointment to get my four kids in amd they canceled bc they didn't have a doctor in, then why make the appointments in the first place???? And even then they couldn't give me another date that would work with me. I DON'T RECOMMEND THIS PLACE TO ANYONE. THEY ARE UNRELIABLE! !!
5	Everything went well. Nice, comfortable atmosphere. The Doc knew what she was doing, even pointed out and old scar on my eye that I had never been alerted to previously! Didn't get the actual hardware there (kinda pricey). Would recommend to anyone!
