5	When I came to Tempe for graduate school two years ago, one of the things I was saddest to leave behind in Tucson was the wonderful $4 Yoga Hour at Yoga Oasis. I looked for a place to practice once I arrived, but I couldn't afford most studios on a graduate stipend, and I didn't like practicing at the rec center (ever tried to do happy baby in front of a bunch of frat boys?). So I stopped practicing.No longer! I went to class at Yoga To The People today and couldn't have been more pleased with my experience. The space was clean and peaceful, our instructor led us through a mindful practice with suggestions on how to make the poses easier or more challenging depending on experience. It felt very supportive and non-judgmental, even though I was one of only four (!) students there.What I like best is that they are DONATIONS BASED. Having felt like I had been priced out of studio practice, which is the best way for me to commit to yoga, I am so grateful that YTTP has come to Tempe. For now, I am just going to enjoy it until it gets crowded! And probably after that, too.
5	I attended a class here today. I am blown away by how amazing the class was ! They did such a good job with the studio. And the instructor today, Mary did a great job leading the practice. I love the fact that it is donation based. I so badly want this place to stay open. Please give it a try and you will be hooked.
5	I have never done yoga in my life, but was completely welcomed by the instructor and fellow students!Because this first time, I have no idea whether or not it was good by comparison to other classes, but I had a very fun time. It was much more strenuous and soothing than I could even imagine and I felt it was a steal for $12.That said, the yoga is free (suggested 10 dollar donation) and welcomes all levels of flexibility an experience. There is also a $2 rental fee for the yoga mat, but you can also bring your own.If you live in and around Tempe, yoga and this place are worth a try. I hope to see you there soon!
4	ALL BODIES RISE :) such a pleasant surprise ending up here on a monday at 12 pm for yoga class.My girl Janell & I had planned on going to class last minute around 11:45 and stumbled in right in time. At first we were nervous the class was going to be very very basic but we both found ourselves sweating as we remained in each pose for a solid amount of time. After a great flow, I know I'll return.
5	Over the past two months I have been consistently attending classes at YTTP, and I am so glad that I make time for yoga. They rotate teachers, but every teacher has been helpful and understanding, while adding their own flavor of their yoga practice. Every class I learn how to improve my practice and I feel more relaxed every time I walk out the door.Overall, I think that it is an excellent class, especially for being donation based.
5	Had been riding my bike past this place multiple times thinking, "yoga studio = $$$$" but to my delight (and prob yours) it's the exact opposite.I've done yoga across the valley (amateur yoga student for sure) but this was the hands down, absolute best yoga class I've been to. Cindy is great and and whether it's a huge, filled class or a small post-work class of just 5 she makes sure you're doing the positions accurate and at your level. I think it's great for the community, for your mind and for your body. I know I sound super granola-ie but it's a great team and they've helped me become confidant and passionate about the practice.The whole donation based thing is also great, they're never pushy or awkward about the tissue box which was an immediate concern for me. Go. Just go. You won't regret it, you'll just be hooked!
5	Yoga to the People is a GREAT studio. I moved here recently from the Northeast and was looking for a studio that matched the intensity and tranquility that I had in my studio in Boston. YttP is all of that and more! Cindy is a wonderful teacher and always gives a good mixture of flow, challenge, sweat and sweet peaceful shavasana at the end. The other rotating teachers all offer their own perspective and relationship to the practice. Sunday candlelight flow classes and usually the most popular and why not? It is a perfect way to round out your weekend. You won't be disappointed.
5	A little yoga gem right in the heart of college town. I've done yoga at a number of places & I'm used to expecting to "get what you pay for" so my expectations for my first donation based class weren't exactly high, but this place left me pleasantly surprised. It's perfectly clean, the ambiance is serene (esp during evening candlelit class), the staff is very personable, & of course, the yoga is awesome. I know it's a good class when my glasses fog up, which was achieved in every class I've taken with Cindy & James. I've brought friends with me with all different yoga experience (even first timers) & they all loved it too. It's definitely a place worth trying & spreading the word about.
5	I love Yoga To the People!  I've lived in Tempe for 6 years now, have tried so many yoga studios and really never found one that I liked-- until YTTP came!  The best thing about it is that it's donation-based yoga, so you give what you can (recommended $10 a class) but you always feel welcome and never judged, no matter how much (or little) you put in the donation box.  The instructors are great and make you feel comfortable right away, even if it's your first yoga class ever.  They work with you improve your poses, but also give you enough space to explore and enjoy your practice on your own.  I've been going to CJ's class recently and she's amazing!  I can already feel the difference in my poses from the adjustments and pointers that she has given.  The classes are flow classes and the instructors always give pose suggestions if you want to push yourself further, so you are able to get as hard of a workout as you want. If you haven't already, definitely give YTTP a try, you seriously won't regret it.
5	This place is awesome! When I got to Phoenix for my summer internship I was a little stunned at how expensive drop-in yoga classes are in comparison to my studio in Tucson ($5 Yoga Oasis :) ) but this place is only a tad more expensive than my usual 5 spot ($10 per class suggested) - and I've gotten my money's worth every time! The teachers are great and the classes are TOUGH! Also, if you are worried about parking on ASU campus, the parking structure right next to the studio is free after 6PM!
