4	I just revised this review since I went back and found out that the name given is Yuki Ramen, though the Chinese name is Lan Zhou La Mien.  This is the second restaurant in Montreal that has a Japanese based name as it's Westernized name, that doesn't really correspond with the Chinese name at all.  The other is Kanbai on Ste. Catherine.  The rest of the review is the same.  Very inexpensive but very good HANDMADE NOODLES.  There are offered without soup mixed with some sort of sauce.  We had: 1.  RED COOKED BEEF SHANK:  This is a very traditional dish made with different spices, soy sauce, and a pork/chicken broth that is suite and rich.  Their name was anglicized and frankified, so I don't remember what they called it.  The broth was great. The meet was not cooked as long as it should, so it didn't have the tenderness that this dish normally has.  But it was tasty and the fresh pulled hand made noodles were delightful. 2.  PORK WITH PICKLED VEGETABLES: T his is a traditional chinese dish too.  The broth is oilier, but delightful and the flavors were rich and good.  A little bit of spiciness, but not much.  3.  WONTON NOODLES:  The kids had this.  The broth was more delicate and good. 4.  SPICY COLD PIG EARS:  I know.  Sounds gross.  Eh?  Delicious.  Spicy in the Schichuan style with hot and tingly or "mala" spicing.  NEXT TIME:  Want to dry the noodles with beef-dza jia mien.  My wife makes this and it's wonderful.  Want to try it.  BADS:  Waitress was kind of disintrested.  No decor at all.  INFORMATION:  1.  I don't know the English name of this restaurant.2.  I don't know the exact address, but it's near Epicerie Lam Kee just to the sounth. 3.  Lan zhou noodles are normally made with a kind of naturally occuring chemical used in Japanese and Chinese noodles sometimes called "kansui".  I don't know if they used it here, since it usually imparts a yellowish color to the noodle, and these were very white.  4.  In New York, I would give this a slightly lower rating.  This was a joint rating by me and my Chinese wife.  We thought about 1/2 to 1 star lower for Manhattan.
3	In my honest opinion, the one located in Eaton Centre near McGill University (Nudo) is much better than this one. I mean, this is supposed to be your main store, but how can it be so much worse than the one in Eaton Centre?The pork ears I had were actually dry, meaning that they were prepared days before and wasn't served and not properly stored either. The noodles are not hot when served, and they were to undercooked for a La Mian (). They were not "Al dente", they were UNDERCOOKED...my jaws went sore from the chewing I had to do to eat those "noodles". The soup was just bland, and had nothing special in it.The service was not what I had in mind; my water was never filled, and the waitress never came either.
4	They only do beef noodles here, but they're good. You can watch the noodle chef make them through the window while you wait for a table. There are three sizes of noodles: small is plenty for a lot of people. I've been a couple of times with male colleagues, and they never want to go small. They don't however manage to finish the medium! ;-)You can have them with extra beef, and you can have them spicy. They also apparently do a couple of different types of noodles. And they have a few side dishes.It's cheap, quick and very tasty. Try it!
4	Since I first reviewed, they've introduced other types of soups, including a vegetarian option, and you can now choose the type of noodles, ranging from fine round to large flat, with several options in-between. And they serve free tea.
