3	One of my hobbies is visiting golf stores.  I very seldom buy anything, but I love to look, try new clubs, and see all the products that will supposedly make me a scratch golfer.  So once every couple of weeks, I visit all the golf stores in the area.I had heard of Golfsmith through national advertising, but had never been to the local store.  So I added Golfsmith to my rotation.  They are located in a shopping center in North Scottsdale, in a nondescript location next to Staples.  They are hard to find, and not really convenient, but they do have a well stocked store.         Although they do not have the volume of the PGA Superstore, they have the same selections (just in smaller quantity) and can order any custom club you want.  They also have a swing area, several pros on staff, and club repair.  Their apparel selection is average, but tasteful.One of the advantages of Golfsmith is that they stock Titleist products, which the PGA Superstore does not (they are in a contract dispute with Acushnet). The staff at Golfsmith, for the most part, are very friendly, and helpful.  They will answer your questions, but are not pushy or over selling, and will simply let you browse without bothering you.This is definitely a nice option for killing time looking at or talking about golf.
2	A huge selection, if and only if you're right handed.  If you're a lefty like me, you're completely out of luck.
4	Great service, limited selection however. The training facility is OK, I would recommend the golf smith in Chandler if you can make it that far. As they have more equipment and better training areas.
4	My driver is outdated, so I went shopping for a new one.  I found this place on Yelp and dropped by to check it out.  This store is pretty cool!  It reminds me of Golf Galaxy back in Vegas only a little smaller.I wandered over to the used golf clubs section and found a couple of drivers that interested me.  I took them to the practice area and hit a few balls with the clubs....unfortunately, they didn't feel good when I hit them, so I passed.  The prices for the used clubs were a little high I thought....still, it's better than paying full price.The other stuff they had in the store was competitively priced with other stores.  Decent selection of shoes and clothing.  I know I'll definitely be back.Return Factor - 100%
1	Will Never Buy Anything From Here Again!In the last 2 years I've probably spent close to $5k with Golfsmith. They'll completely deny this, however I'm fairly certain there sales staff pushes certain brands over other brands, and not because of play ability either. My issue came when I was going there to purchase a set of Titleist AP2s (Just wanted to hit em before I bought) and the salesperson basically made me feel like an idiot if I bought the AP2s and pushed the R9s on me. I'll admit I hit the R9s on Swing Tracker the same as the AP2s, I'm not giving them a bad review because the salesperson talked me into the AP2s I'm really upset with the fact that I went there a month later (buyers remorse) to see if I can trade my R9s for AP2 or at least a good discount off. They were already clearance out the R9s (Only a couple weeks later) and told me the most they could give me for my irons was $125; After I just spent $900+ on them. Also on the same order of my irons I purchased a new driver, wedges, etc. so my total bill was over $2k and the best they could do is offer me $125 for my irons that were still brand new looking. No thanks Never Again!! I'll give my business to PGA Store or Vans.
5	I am very new to golf and have a really old set of clubs, so I decided that I would start by buying a new driver. I went to the PGA Superstore and after 20 minutes trying to find someone to help me, I left.I was a little hesitant to go to Golfsmith after reading some not so great reviews, but I couldn't be happier with my decision to go. I got there and it was less crowded than the PGA store and they had several drivers priced better than the PGA superstore. I spoke to an associate named Frank who was awesome. I told him a little bit about my skill level and what I'm trying to accomplish and he went with me and helped me pick out a few drivers to try.I went into their simulator and hit all the clubs for a good 30 minutes with nobody pressuring me to leave. I was able to find the club that worked best for me at a great price.Great experience. Will definitely go back when I need new clubs.
4	I've come to Golfsmith a few times and always walked away pleased with my experience. It's not the ginormous golf-amusement-park retail experience that you get when you go to the PGA Tour Superstore, but it gets the job done.They have a good selection of new clubs, and I've found their pricing on used clubs to be extremely competitive, if not better than the PGA Store. They also have really good sale pricing on their clothing pretty much all the time. In addition, the service has always been "up to par" as well.I'd recommend Golfsmith if you're in the area and want to avoid the larger store a few exits South on the freeway.
5	I'm very impressed with my experience at this location. I recently bought some new irons and decided to trade in my old ones toward a new driver. They offered me top dollar for my trade-in and the club fitter was very knowledgeable.I spent about 45 minutes in the hitting bay on the launch monitor and never felt rushed. The guy working the bay broke down my numbers to help me determine what loft and shaft flex works best. I ended up ahead. After the trade-in, I was out the door with a very lightly-used Ping G25 driver, two WeatherSoft gloves and a dozen Srixon Qstar  golf balls.  I ended up paying about three bucks out of pocket. Not bad considering those irons would have just sat around in the closet otherwise. I say check this place out if you are upgrading your equipment.  You'll get a fair price on the trade and access to some great club fitters and club-fitting technology. Top notch all the way.  Very nice selection of used gear and great prices on new, especially when they're trying to sell off last season's stock.
