5	I hadn't committed to once salon yet since coming to Pittsburgh for school, but when a friend recommended this place to me I decided to check it out - and now I have finally found the stylist I am going to stick with! Not only did she cut my hair really well, just like how I pictured it, but we had a great conversation while she did so, which is really important to me. Nobody wants to just sit there in awkward silence. The staff is very friendly, and it's a cute little salon!
4	I hate bad haircuts so much that I refuse to get my hair cut for months after I move to a new city.  I finally broke down after almost a year of not cutting my hair.  I had a wedding to go to and did not want to look like a cave dweller. I walked into Veraldi on an impulse, and ran smack into Susan, the owner.  She was on her way out, as they were closing for the day.  All of the sudden, though I'd waited months to consider a haircut, I felt panicked.  I begged her to stay another few minutes, promising her that my hair would be so easy and so quick to cut.  It wasn't.After she agreed to stay to cut my hair, she continued working on it for the next half hour.  It needed major help, and we both knew it.  I winced as she finished, wondering what the damage would be, and then nearly hugged her when she told me.  I walked out of Veraldi having only paid 35 dollars (student discount off of 38!) for one of the best haircuts of my life.I looked so fabulous at the wedding.  Susan, you are a genius and a lifesaver, and I'm NEVER going to anyone else in this city.
4	I recently went in for a haircut at Veraldi.  After finding some good reviews I decided to call and make an appointment (with Susan).  Initially, I was hoping to find an Asian stylist (because my hair is as Asian as it gets) but haven't had much luck in Pgh.  My plan was to grow out my hair as long as I could (just to avoid having to look for a stylist) but with the recent cold weather, it's been too cold for me to walk outside with damp hair.Veraldi is cozy.  The smallest salon I've ever been to.  It adds to the charm.  I spent my time with Susan having a pleasant conversation.  She's very likable.  I typically never judge a haircut after the haircut- even if I like it.... I judge it after I go home and wash my hair and I style it myself.  If I like it then, then it's a great haircut.  The verdict: I'm very happy with my hair cut.My haircut was $40 - a lot less then what I'm used to paying in Ca.  Yay!  For CMU/Pitt students new to the area, I recommend trying Veraldi.
5	I stumbled upon this venue about a year and a half ago when I had outrageously damaged pink hair. Stubbornly, I refused to just let it go and change the color. When I walked in, Elyse, my hair dresser was probably the cooler hair-cutter (equipped with a nose ring and tattoos) I've seen in my life. Noted, this was before I moved to NYC and was used to Pittsburgh hair-dressers being really old and giving Super-cuts haircuts. I was greeted by Susan who was an ultra-hip "old school" hair dresser with fierce short hair.  Immediately I felt like I was welcomed into a family of cool hair stylists. Both were very friendly and we joked and laughed throughout the appointment. Since then, I have returned many times and have had my hair cut and dyed three different colors. I love the atmosphere and the conversations that occur in the shop. Also, they used Aveda products which is a huge plus. The only slight downside which might turn some people, especially college students and cheap-asses off, is that the typical haircut will run about $30. However, with that in mind, the hair-cuts are damn good and you do get what you pay for.
3	ok service for money
4	I checked out this place on a friend's recommendation.  I did not have an appt. and walked in on a Saturday afternoon and was greeted by a customer waiting with her dog, pleasantly surprised with the small and friendly atmosphere.   As this was my first time in the salon, I just got my eyebrows threaded here by a woman named Junie.  Junie was very sweet, polite and helpful.  She sat me down in a chair in the back part of the salon, and proceeded to thread me.  Less than 10 minutes later she was finished and had me to double-check to make sure that I was satisfied.  Loved it- and it was only $12 + tip.  Quick, easy and relatively painless.
5	I love Veraldi's! I've been in once for a cut and twice for color, and Leese is a genius - I've been 100% satisfied with her work every time.  Susan is also wonderful - they listen to you and make great suggestions, and they are never pushy.The salon itself is small, cozy, and provides a great atmosphere to relax, laugh, and have fun in.  The pricing is also fabulous. Cannot recommend it enough!
4	Fantastic salon.  I found this place on Yelp as I had just moved home from Boston and started a job in the neighborhood. Leese was my stylist. I got my haircut on my lunch hour and am super satisfied with the results.  Plus they offer threading so I got my eyebrows done too.  I would definitely recommend this place.
5	Love love love!!! I have been getting my hair cut (and colored occasionally) at Veraldi for 3 years. Started as a recommendation from a friend and now I am a loyal client, I have and never will cut my hair anywhere else in the city. Knowledgable, friendly, cute, relaxing salon! Both women are amazing and worth the money =)
4	Go to Julene for eyebrow threading! She's excellent.
5	got may hair done for my wedding.  everything was great.
4	I wish i could give 5 stars but the price kinda pinch me cause back in bay area, California its inexpensive..Though little pricey I must admit its great job done by Junee, I am writing this review only after my second visit cause to let people who are as picky as me to try new places for brows.I have never been so picky ever but after couple of disastrous appointments I never NEVER go to any salon with out doing my home work..Junee was very patient and suggested what i should do and she was very up front and nice. I highly recommend her!! I see lot of Californians have chipped in :)
4	This review is for eyebrow threading. I relocated to PGH from Chicago and have been searching a good couple of months for a place to get my brows threaded. I was about to haul it out to Monroeville Mall from Squirrel Hill, but checked YELP and decided to give Junee a try in Oakland. I'm glad I did. Junee has great customer service skills. She asked me how much I wanted off and after she was done asked me if I was pleased with it and even touched up a few spots after a triple inspection. As everyone says, she's super sweet and polite. I highly recommend her. Cash only, $12 + tip.
5	For my first visit to Veraldi, I went to Leese to fix a hair disaster of mine and I was so so so so happy with the results. She is amazing. When I get my hair done, I usually just tell the person to do whatever they think would look good. This time, I had a few ideas for what I wanted and Leese gave me great advice as to what would work or wouldn't work for my hair type and because of the damage. She took my hair from a horrific, damaged yellow (due to a very bad experience at another local salon) to a beautiful, warm brown. I ended up needing a cut to rid my hair of all of the newly damaged ends and that turned out amazing too. Considering I went in with long, straw-like ugly hair and left with silky brown locks and a new, chic cut (I tried bangs!!), there aren't enough good things I can say.All the time I've lived in Pittsburgh, I've been hesitant to go to a new salon. It's always a bit scary to trust someone new with your hair, but I am pleased to say I've finally found a salon in my new hometown that I absolutely love. Also, I've been able to get appointments very quickly which is definitely a plus. Surprising, though, because the salon is very tiny (3 chairs I think?) but it's cute and very clean!
5	I am very particular about my hair, and when I find someone that I like, I tend to stick with them.  I was lucky enough to try Veraldi when I became disappointed with the stylist that I went to for years because I asked for something different, and she had no clue what to try, and my "new cut" was the worst cut I ever had.  I am so glad that Leese is younger than I am because I can count on her to style my hair for a long time, as she is professional, creative, and is a true artist!  The Aveda products that are used are such high quality that I don't need to color my hair as often as I did when I was going to Pelusi's salon!  Also, I love "Krippa" who is always so darling, and helpful when I come in.  I feel like Veraldi is a place where "everyone knows my name", and I am always happy with my experience.Also, the atmosphere is chic, and calming.  I keep telling Leese that I expect to see a cat lounging in the sun when I look outside her window.  I highly recommend Leese, and Veraldi!!
5	Having just moved to Pittsburgh I was nervous about cutting my hair with a new stylist. A friend recommended Marissa and I could not be happier! The salon itself is quaint and warm. Marissa and two other stylists where there and they were all very friendly. Great atmosphere. I could not be more satisfied with Marisa's work. I have long hair and have had bad experiences with stylists cutting too much off. Marissa was attentive, easy going and really listened to what I wanted. She's a highly skilled stylist and seems like a really cool person too. I highly recommend Marissa and Veraldi.
5	I needed a haircut (going from very long hair to chin-length), so following the Yelp reviews I decided to try this place.I got Marissa, and my hair looks EXACTLY like the photo I brought. It's the best haircut I've ever had. She even showed me a few styling tips since I wasn't sure what to do.She's really friendly too, and the place is very clean and professional. This is my new favorite place!
5	I usually only get my hair cut once a year because I'm rarely happy with what I end up with. Needless to say I'm pretty picky about who I allow near my hair. I've been to many different salons/stylists in Pittsburgh and am over the moon with Marissa! She listens to what I want and doesn't take it too far like many stylists do. I've gotten both cut and color from Marissa and have been ridiculously happy with both!
5	Go to Leese! If you don't know what kind of hairstyle you want Leese will make sure you get a great haircut. She's incredibly knowledgeable and will really listen to what you do/don't want in a haircut.I have very thick hair and many hair stylists tend to thin it out even when I tell them not to. I didn't know what kind of haircut I wanted but I told Leese that I would like to keep it as thick as it is. Leese really listened to me and made my hair look fabulous without thinning it out. She also explained exactly what she was going to do to my hair to make sure it was ok with me. The rest of the stylist there are super nice and make your visit there very entertaining.I will definitely be going back to get a trim and fix up my ombre!
5	Love this place. Started going here two years ago when I worked nearby and have never stopped. The entire staff is personable and friendly, I've never had a problem getting an appointment and my haircuts are always great. You may pay a bit more, but its worth it and if you're a student you get a discount. Highly recommend!
