1	Where do I even begin to describe the atrocity that is the Hotel De Paris.  I once stayed in a hostel in Cambodia and awoke to a rat gnawing gently at my face, and strangely this experience was not nearly as troubling as my experience at the HDP. Upon arrival you enter a cheery converted Victorian mansion tastefully done in muted pastels and with plenty of exposed refinished wood to greet you, and for a brief moment you feel that you may have found the best deal in Montreal-but then you are quickly "relocated" to their other heritage building or 'D block" as we heard it lovingly referred to by a fellow traveller.We were told that there was a "problem" in our booking and that they were unable to accommodate the original terms of the booking, but that they had vacancy in their second heritage building and that essentially we had to accept this or could find other accommodation. Seeing that we were staying on a Saturday during the May long weekend, and had previously scoured the city for other vacancies we were not in a negotiating position.We drove the short two minutes to the second building and couldn't find it.  We then saw a small sign indicating that we were in fact smack in front of it, but this couldn't be.  There was trash strewn in all directions at the entrance and the door that was supposed to be locked was flung open haphazardly.  After descending the few steps to our new subterranean chamber  we tentatively entered and were greeted with a pungent mix of body odour, hairspray and urine.  It was also suffocatingly humid and even the walls appeared to be sweating in revulsion.  We slithered our way to dorm "K" where I was astonished to see what appeared to be an old cold storage room stacked with multiple rickety bunk beds.  Now to say that three people would have been comfortable in such a space would be fair, but twelve!  There was absolutely nowhere to store luggage-I ended up sleeping with my backpack and using it as a makeshift pillow, do to the fact that the provided pillow was caked with an indeterminable black dusting.  It was quickly noted that two of the four washrooms on the unit were out of order.  the third would quickly follow.  We calculated that there were approximately three washrooms for upwards of thirty people.  I made several calls to the front desk to alert them to the potential revolt that they would almost certainly have when fellow travellers would be returning from their nights of debauchery in Canada's sin city, yet despite this act of civic duty on my behalf no attempt was made to rectify the situation.  It wasn't until the following mid afternoon as we were preparing to check out that I saw a housekeeper gingerly approach with a mop and plunger in hand.  Evidently she knew what to expect, I certainly wish we did. Now it is important to stress that I do not have a personal vendetta or any ill will toward the HDP, I simply feel the strong need to make people aware that they should never ever consider staying here.It baffles me that such a place continues to operate in a pseudo successful manner.  They must bank on the fact that those spending any time in HDP are so traumatized by their experiences that they vow to never speak of it again and hence don't spread the word that it should be avoided at all costs.  In writing this very lengthy review it was my vow to break this silence, and hope that it may deter others from spending their hard earned dollars here.
4	I'm giving 4 stars relative to our expectations.  We booked a budget room at a low rate.  The staff at Hotel de Paris was exceptionally helpful.  They assisted us with parking, gave us advice, and were always available.  The room was small (as expected), clean and quiet.  We had a private bathroom with the economy room.  The location is very close to numerous restaurants, and is walking distance to downtown Montreal.  Free WiFi worked great.  We would definitely stay here again.
1	I am not sure why these people a rating this hotel with as 3/3 because it was the worst I've ever experienced. People that are rating this 3/3 are getting paid, or working at the hotel. Dirty, full of bugs, and we found a dead bed bug. Not just our room, but in multiple rooms. the sheets were itchy, cat hair everywhere. No shampoo and really old towels. Their so call "Parking Garage" was a joke. $15 for parking per day in someone's house. We booked a 3 day weekend for our team of 22 ppl and we got out of there after the first night. Headed down to the Hilton Garden Hotel about a mile away. So much better at just about $30 per night more. Do yourself a favor, do not stay here. In fact I think the government should close this place down.
1	itchy skin or mosquitoes? choose your poison... this very historic place looks creepy at night, upon arrival... in the morning, it turned out to look, not so bad... once inside, you'll find a few surprises... my team mates got the room with cat hair... she folded down the bed - cat hair... she dropped her sweater - cat hair...ugh!! she asked for another room, she got the room full of mosquitoes! NICE!!  i settle in my room, it looks decent... not the best odor. thank GOD i brought my own scented candle!! after the shower, i was looking for a nice long sleep... grrrrrrr!! damn the spring in my back! i've had better sleep in my 328xi!!each room seems to be furnished with the smallest air conditioner ever made! i've tried to set the air conditioner to it's coldest, noticing the dead bugs on the inside of the window. hmm.. i'm starting to think - the hostels in Thailand were cleaner!!i know that Montreal is an old town... i believe the architect/builders need to take a drug test, 'cause the more you drank, the more leveled the steps looked!!  for $40 more, i am willing not to suffer the way i did...
2	One thing that you gotta know about Hotel de Paris is that this is a 2 star hotel. Don't expect the usual bell and whistles that you get from a 3 or a 4 star hotel.When we arrived, the staff was friendly and helpful. We arrived at around 1PM, two hours before the actual check in, but they allowed us to use the room right away because it was already empty. The check in was fast and efficient. The room was small (as we expected), but at least we had our own bathroom. It took us a while to figure out how to work the air conditioner, but the thing worked fine. We couldn't find hair dryer -- as it turned out, you need to borrow this from the reception. I had three issues with this hotel: The desk and the phone were dusty, and the hot water in the shower did not always work well.  Also, the free "continental" breakfast was actually just croissant with some fruits. (They will give you a coupon for discounts if you want to get something else.)This was a good budget hotel, and we might come back if we absolutely couldn't book anywhere else. The location was a good 10 minute walk from The Village and was accessible to transit.
5	The staff is incredibly accommodating.
1	Here is your fair warning....we had belongings taken from our room while we were out exploring for the day! What?! That's not the worst part. When we told the man at the desk, Alex, he brushed us off, and basically laughed at us. We tried to explain it to the next staff member, Patrick, who blamed us for losing the items, and STORMED out of the hotel during our discussion never to be seen. I have never experienced such terrible customer service EVER! Hospitality is not the industry for the staff at Hotel de Paris! If you dare to stay there, lock up your stuff!
2	2.5 stars, really.  I wanted an inexpensive place to stay while visiting Montreal, and wasn't expecting anything spectacular when I booked a "budget" room at Hotel de Paris for $100 a night.The room was adequate; tiny but clean and quiet.  Check-in was fast and easy, staff were nice and able to change my American money for Canadian, and I was able to park my car for free in their driveway.The location was good; plenty of cafes, bars, restaurants and shops within a mile radius so I didn't need to use my car very much.However, a few complaints prevented this from being a 3 or 4 star experience.  First, the mattress.  It badly needed to be thrown out; we could feel and hear the springs every time we moved on the bed.  The walls needed to be sanded and painted.  And even though this was a budget hotel, I've stayed in places in the same class that have a coffee pot and hair dryer in the room.  Even some complimentary coffee in the lobby would have been nice. There is no elevator in the hotel, so if climbing stairs is an issue, you can request a room on a lower floor.I didn't expect much for the price, but it was actually a bit less than I expected.  However, nothing about this hotel impacted my visit to Montreal in a negative way, so I will summarize by saying it was ok but could have been better.  I'd probably look into some other options if I were to return to the city.
