5	When it comes to parks, it seems like newer is almost always nicer.  My favorite Las Vegas parks have changed over the years, and they keep moving westward with the urban sprawl.  Growing up, I loved Sunset Park.  In recent years, I have preferred Desert Breeze Park.  But now Summerlin Centre Community Park is my park of choice.I just "discovered" it over the summer, so it's been too hot for me to fully enjoy it, but I'm looking forward to spending more time here in the cooler months ahead.  The view of the Spring Mountains to the west is very pleasant, and so is the fact that the park is not overrun with dogs.  It will be great to come here for a picnic on a mild, breezy day, and just relax for the afternoon.UPDATE (01/18/2011):  Now that I've been back a few times, I'm revising the content of my review but not my rating.  The times I've been back, there is usually one person (occasionally two) playing fetch with their dog in one of the wide open fields.  The small playground area in one corner of the park is usually bustling with children while their parents stand around and supervise them.  There is plenty of space in the central fields to play catch or fly a kite or operate a remote-controlled model airplane, or to plant a chair and read a book, all of which I have seen people doing.  The thing I enjoy most is jogging around the perimeter of the park (on the paved walkway) to get my exercise.
3	This is a small park close to Red Rock Casino. They've got a big grassy area that's ideal for soccer or football or just hanging out. The kiddie area is smaller than many parks around town, as they only have one play area (most others have two). That play area has all the usual stuff: swings, slides, monkey bars... all sorts of stuff for kids to climb on. This isn't one of the parks in my regular rotation but makes for a good change of pace so my kid doesn't get too bored. The last time I was here it must have been "father and kid day at the park." There were probably six or seven other dads who had the same idea as me.This park also makes for a good location to watch the fireworks over Red Rock during the fourth of July. Close enough to see them without having to deal with all the traffic at the casino.
4	It is one of the better and nicer park in Las Vegas,lots of plenty parking,unless there is a big event,then parking might be tight, overall there is a little something for everyone, a kid's playground for the the little ones, sand volleyball court, basketball for those who shoot hoops, roller derby hockey, tennis courts, bocce ball area too,and load of lawn to meander, walk your dog and just hang out and picnic.. Just a little fyi , in the evening the kids are a little more rambunctious and the parents are too busy to care....It is my favorite place to walk my dog, she loves it there,as she gets to meet a bunch of other dogs and their owners.
5	Few tourists have ever been here but this place is so so so beautiful. Drive around in a sunny day with "Mr. Shue's" (Matthew Morrison) "Over the Rainbow" and you'll LOVE this place.
4	I often bike through this park.  It has been a great asset to Summerlin.  Like all Summerlin parks, this one is taken care of very well by the landscapers who mow the grass, trim the palm trees, and keep the watering on schedule.  In cooler months, there are often soccer games going into the late evening under the lighted fields.I have also been to the park many times for special events.  This is the home of the Summerlin Arts Festival.  It's a nice place to bring a coffee and pastry and sit and enjoy the view of the sandstone cliffs of Red Rock Canyon and the limestone mountains that make up this section of the Spring Mountains.When Summerlin builds out the Summerlin Centre area and finishes the mall, this park will most likely earn a 5th star because it will be a sea of tranquility among the bustling of traffic going to/from the mall.
3	Soccerpark mostly. Summerlin Council hasn't done a good job keeping this park clean or updated. Grass is in poor condition.
5	This park is always nice and clean, not too crowded.  There is a small shaded playground area on the south end that is great for the kids.  It does not have a water feature, but does have the standard swings and playground equipment.  The park mostly consists of large open grassy field space for various sports.  My husband plays ultimate frisbee there on the weekend.  We also sometimes come in the evening and walk our dog or sit and have a picnic on the grass.
4	Nice and very clean park. Good for field sports or just lounging in the grass. Not alot of equipment, just the regular but its very kept up and a very relaxing park with a view of red rock right behind it.
5	The park really has fantastic views of the mountains nearby. I attended an art fair there a few weeks ago that was a blast. This park is good for playing any sports that require lots of flat ground. Soccer, football, ultimate frisbee, etc.
4	Within walking (or jogging) distance of the house this has become my 'go to' for weekend runs and although somewhat smaller than other parks in the area it is never been crowded; a big plus considering the sometimes narrow paths and bikers.  Featuring great views of the mountains and a number of large fields for various sports I've not been here late enough in the day to see much of the later, though I have seen a few folks out simply playing catch as early as 8:00am.
