5	My wife and I recently spent our Honeymoon in Edinburgh and our dining experience at Castle Terrace was hands down the best dining experience we have EVER had. The service was impeccable and the food was amazing. We had ordered the food tasting with the wine pairing. It was out of this world! We were in the restaurant for over 4 hours we were having such a good time!I can not recommend this restaurant enough if you are looking to splurge and celebrate.
5	Ummmm, WOW!  Dominic Jack is amazing.  Service: was flawless.  The service was so amazing that we never actually needed anything throughout the meal.  It was like they could read our thoughts.  LOL.  The waitstaff worked as a team.  We counted 8-9 people attending to our table.  I've rarely received service as great as Castle Terrace even at the other high end restaurants that I've patronized.Food: yummy and beautifully presented.  You really can't go wrong here.  Who knew that I would be a huge fan of Artic Char!  This restaurant really is a special treat.  I never thought I would find food this amazing in Edinburgh... glad that I was proven wrong!!!
3	As I read a torrent of rave reviews here on Yelp and also on Tripadvisor, I am feeling like a bit of a neanderthal for being fairly ambivalent about Castle Terrace.  My wife certainly knows all about spending a few quid on "nice things" (she claims it is a genetic defect) but even she reckoned most things on the menu were a tad overpriced.While some reviewers may describe the staffing as "attentive" I would call it "overbearing", as we were served by at least 4 different members of staff during our visit - personally I didn't enjoy that variety.  I also found it quite odd that on a Saturday night there was no music playing or "atmosphere" of any particular note.  Far from wanting to linger and soak up the ambiance we were actually quite keen to move on.  There was also a wee debate at the table behind us when the diners refused to vacate their table and drink their coffee/whisky outwith the dining area.My dishes (truffles to start and then lamb) were admittedly delicious while my wife enjoyed the scallops but wasn't so taken by the chicken.  I think for the prices on the menu you are entitled to expect the overall experience to be "wow", whereas it was definitely more "A-OK".
3	Service was quite slow between courses. Although the staff were friendly I am not sure why the gap between courses was so long. In one case I think we waited over 20 minutes before an amuse bouche came out.The polypore was perfect with just the right balance of ingredients and wonderful flavors. I was not too keen on the cod or the cannelloni. The cod lacked flavor and the  cannelloni was odd in both taste and texture.Giant Polypore- Locally foraged, pan-fried polypore mushrooms served with cod cheeks, pork collar, and persilladeRavioli of Dexter beef from Blackford Farm with majoram, orange confit, and mooliCod-Poached fillet of North Sea cod, with squid cannelloni, garlic and parsley Venison
4	Well what can i say... This place is faaaaancy! Amazing food, presentation, service! Slightly scary prices but then you are definitely paying for the whole experience. The staff really know what they're talking about and were able to recommend suitable wine for us to eat with our meal. I had the crab ravioli to start with and the monkfish for the main. The crab ravioli was fine, but the monkfish was fab! They are very attentive, which was fine as a one off, but I think this would personally annoy me slightly if this was always happening as it interrupts your flow of conversation. Only a small thing though. Overall I was really impressed with the whole experience.
5	Visiting from San Francisco, looking for great vegetarian food; we found this amazing restaurant. They had a separate vegetarian menu along with a vegetarian tasting option. We did the Tasting Option. All I have to say is Wow! The food was as tasty as it was beautiful, with service to match. Check out the wine list as well!
