3	Pros:- Extensive Mexican beer list, plus drafts, imports and domestics.- Three beers, a soda, and three entrees cost $53.- Portions are BIG.- The server was really friendly and the atmosphere was pretty nice.Cons:- The breading on the chiles rellenos tasted distinctly Italian and the sauce tasted like marinara.  The owner/manager looked Italian... but that's no excuse.  It wasn't bad, just weird.- After the first basket of chips and dish of salsa, they charge for refills.  Only $1 per basket of chips and $0.95 for a dish of salsa, but still annoying.- Once we finished our food, service got noticeably slower and we had to wait and wait for our waitress to take our check and get change.Delivery available through www.wheeldeliver.net but I think the menu on their website is a little outdated.  Not the best Mexican food I've ever had, but certainly not the worst.  It is definitely more authentic than Taco Bell or Don Pablo's (there is tongue on the menu, how much realer does it get?)  I will probably be back.
3	This is the only Mexican restaurant I've yet to see in Pittsburgh, but it gets the job done.  The interior is weird and dark, and the bar is cluttered with random crap so you can't sit there.  Significant portions of the dining area were also cluttered with empty beer and liquor boxes, and this preponderance of clutter made me wonder about the kitchen.  The service was fine, friendly.  The food really isn't that bad.  It's barrio Mexican, which is my favorite.  Word to the wise: when they say something comes with beef, they mean ground beef.  You have to ask for steak.  For example, the $11 big quesadilla with beef is a disgusting tortilla shoved full of ground beef and cheese.  You have to request sliced beef.
3	it could be that I was extra hungry but I thought the food here was okay.  the price of the meals is a little high so split between 2 people and after chips and salsa, it should be plenty.  it's not my favorite mexican (far from it) but it's a cute place with a kick back atmosphere (the bar area).  they should have a happy hour to lower some prices on beers and appetizers.  oh and pass on the guacamole dip (not good).
3	I tried the chiles rellenos again and the covering and sauces were both normal this time.  Since chiles rellenos are my favorite, and they've learned how to make them right in the past 7 months, they get an extra star.  However, they jacked up the prices and 2 chiles rellenos with rice and beans now costs an absurd $14.50.  The food's good but entirely too expensive.
4	My wife and I went there for lunch today (only open for lunch on Saturdays). The server was friendly and checked on us regularly. I found the prices to be on the high side for the quality of the food (entrees 10-18, no lunch menu). We got the Nachos Cuzamil (with chicken) and the Poblano Chile Rellenos (with pork).The Nachos were disappointing: the chicken was somewhat dry, they forgot the guacamole, and the chips were overdone in spots. When we asked for the guacamole, they brought a small bowl. I found the guac to be passably tasty, but weird. It was thin and had an odd color (not bright green, as I would expect). Maybe heavy on the onion and with some tomatillo in there? Hard to tell.The chile rellenos, however, were outstanding. The pork was succulent, the chiles were tasty, the sauce was tangy and delicious, and the accompanying rice and beans were good. The portion was big enough that we probably could have just split that entree and foregone the nachos.All in all, the place seemed good, but a bit uneven. The discrepancy between the nachos and the rellenos was striking, but we will definitely return.
1	Terrible experience there today. I got our food to go, and it was packaged improperly. Refried beans got all over everything-- everything in the same bag and my vehicle. The lettuce on the tacos de carne asada was cooked, and the chorizo cheese dip was atrocious. The container was quite literally half filled with orange grease. It was disgusting. It's sitting, uneaten, on my counter right now, and I paid $4 for said dip.  Finally, most of the food was too salty to eat.  I was never head-over-hills for this place, but now I will never go again.
3	I really enjoy the tortilla soup, it's pretty simplistic but oh so tasty. I usually order off of the a la carte menu - I'm a huge fan of stuffed pablano peppers sometimes they're overly greasy, but other times they are done just right...I will admit that this place lacks consistency but the personable staff, chill atmosphere, and the chihuahua cheese keep us coming back.
1	Wow.  And this is by no means a good wow.  Went there with the boyfriend today and have to say Cuzamil did do something extraordinary.  It won the award for the absolute worst "Mexican" food I have ever put in my mouth.  We went on a lazy Sunday afternoon, around 1:30, and we saw that they had some lunch specials.  I told my boyfriend that I wanted to try Mexican food in Pittsburgh because since I've been here...I haven't seen any.  The standard chips and salsa was blah.  The tortilla chips seemed (days?) old and were really cold.  The salsa was decent.  My boyfriend ordered the pork carnita tacos and I am a huge fan of chili rellenos, and so I wanted to test them out here.  Big effin mistake.  A chili relleno (although there are variations of the rule) is a pablano pepper, with an egg battered crust, stuffed with cheese and meat.  This was an abomination of a chili relleno...a defected, ugly step-brother, if you will.  Instead, what I got was a thin slice of a GREEN BELL PEPPER, with a greasy, yellow mound of ground beef, and a 3 inch hunk of melted white cheese on top.  It was sitting, along with my rice and canned re-re-refried bean, on a pool of yellow grease.Don't go there.  I beg of you.  My boyfriend and I made jokes after we left about how our stomachs were really mad at us and just wanted to be left alone for a while.*Note - When paying the check I asked the waitress if the owner was Mexican.  She happily explained that he was and so was the kitchen staff. This pretty much says that they indeed know how to make proper food, but don't.  Probably because they know people won't notice or complain.  Or because the guy is really, really cheap.  Blah.
1	Horrible service and food..and they ran out of beans and tortilla.and your a mexican restaurant.
3	There's a few Cuzamils in every city - simple restaurants with very predictable Mexican food.  There's nothing wrong with that, but there's nothing particularly exciting about it either.We were trying to go to Sababa, but it was closed for Passover, so we ducked in to Cuzamil instead.  The interior is very simple - some decorative items and a TV.  I didn't see any booths, only tables.  Our server was really friendly and generally cheerful, so that was a big place.She recommended the Poblanos Chiles Rellenos, which I tried.  They were pretty much what I expected - served very hot, with gooey cheese.  The chicken was surprisingly good and pretty tender.  The rice and beans on the side were hot.  Our server got us some hot sauce which was much needed, as the dishes themselves didn't seem to have too much spice.  My boyfriend got the chimichanga, which he enjoyed.  The food was heavy, saucy, and cheesy - just what you expect from most Mexican-American restaurants.  Prices were a bit higher than I'd hoped - the food is fine, but also uninspired and leaves a brick feeling in your tummy.Chips and salsa were pretty plain too - the salsa was sort of saucy, lacking the tasty tomato and pepper chunks that normally give it texture.  Margaritas tasted okay but were very weak - I didn't even feel a buzz, which was a bummer!I'll give it three stars since the server was so nice, and there was nothing wrong with the food, it was pretty much average across the board.  It's a good place to have in the neighborhood if you get a Mexican craving.  Still, it's places like this that make me long for the taquerias and fresh, authentic Mexican food you can find in Chicago.
2	So, I used to think this place was reasonable.  Being from California, I've missed good Mexican food so much that I sometimes find myself saying things like, "Maybe Chipotle really isn't that bad..." or things like that.  And for a while, Cuzamil kept me from tearing my hair out when all I wanted was some greasy, hole in the wall Mexican food.  Cuz when I say I want Mexican, that's what I want - not the fresh ingredient gourmet stuff that they serve at Cantina, but the greasy spoon stuff that is dirt cheap and is essentially what you are craving after a good night out on the town.  I'm not talking foodie stuff here.Anyway, so Cuzamil used to satisfy that for me.  But I went recently and man was that pretty bad.  I ordered the enchiladas especiales, which were supposed to come with avocado salad (which is really the only reason I got it).  What I got were two enchiladas that were gooey, tasteless, the tortilla was chewy and clearly stale... and no avocado salad.  I asked about it, and the server came back and said they didn't have any avocado.  So... lemme get this straight.  You don't have a major ingredient, and you're not going to ask the patron if they want to change their order?  AND you're going to charge them as though they got the entree they wanted, rather than two lifeless enchiladas, which are much cheaper?  Someone's business radar was clearly broken.So, sure I'm a little bitter.  But given that I wasn't super hot on this place before, this little incident ensures that I'm not going back again.
4	I really, truly like this spot for legit Mexican food.  I know it's not the easiest thing to come by in Pittsburgh, and even tougher if you're sticking to the city limits, but Cuzamil hasn't disappointed me yet.Our first visit was actually the daring decision of going to a tiny little Mexican spot on Cinco de Mayo last year.  Natually, it was packed to overflowing, but everything about our trip was excellent.  The service has always been great, even when we were elbow-to-elbow with our fellow Cinco-de-Mayo-ers.  Any time there was a delay in our food reaching us, we were informed, and the servers were on top of refills (of drinks and chips) to tide us over.And there's something about their homemade margarita pitchers that gets me each time.  There's that tiny bit of bite in each sip that separates it from the average margarita.I do fear that I get the same thing every time I go here, which is the chicken quesadilla.  It's gigantic, and comes with the little Mexican food salad (the shredded lettuce/sour cream/guac/pico mix), beans, and rice.  It's easily enough for my meal and leftovers the next day, and I like getting that value for my money.  I always want to try other things that catch my eye on the menu, but I seem to keep coming back to this massive quesadilla.The chips and salsa are homemade as well, and on our latest visit, we tried the appetizer platter that came with mozzarella sticks.  I know cheese sticks are not really what come to mind when you hear "Mexican food," but they had a little bit of zest to them that made it okay in my book.  There was something reminiscient of the composition of the fresh, crispy homemade chips in the cheese stick breading.Each time we've gone, the service has been great.  On Cinco de Mayo, everyone dining at the restaurant got to pick trinkets out of a bag of Tecate swag.  I got one of those little dresses for your beer bottle, in the design of a traditional Mexican poncho (with Tecate emblazoned across the front, of course).  It's the little details like that, plus the top-notch service and delicious food that keeps me coming back.Also, look for deals in Clipper magazine or Groupon.  They don't count for the margaritas, but everything else on the menu is fair game!
1	Too bad one does not have the option for NEGATIVE stars. Eat here if you are a masochist. The service was horrific. Our drinks were never refilled. I ordered 1 bar drink, an Almond Peach Margarita which was stunningly made improperly. It was saturated mainly with Peach Schnapps. It resembled a drink someone who knew nothing about bartending would conjure up.Next was the CUZAMIL PLATTER. For 16.95 one gets the experience of Chef Gordon Ramsey's kitchen nightmare experience prior to the makeover. None of the food had ANY taste to it. If one wanted to make these items and left them sit in the fridge for 10 days, threw it in the broiler, laden with grease it would recreated this wretched experience. If my husband and I don't get food poisoning I will be shocked.The fascinating aspect of this memorable experience was when the waiter (and I use this word lightly) came to remove my plates. He asked if I wanted my food wrapped as I barely eat it. My response was "Absolutely not. I forced myself to eat as much as I could so I won't be hungry later. This food was horrific." His response was "okay, so your ready for the check." Nuff said. The best part about this experience was leaving the restaurant.
3	Cuzamil is OK.  The food, the selection, the service, the ambiance, and pretty much everything about the place is not bad, but not fantastic either.  If you want Mexican food and are in the area, you can walk in unafraid, but it's not worth a separate trip.
2	What happened??  This used to be my favorite Mexican restaurant in Pittsburgh (and I've been to them all).  My favorite item was the tortilla soup, and I used to drive my husband crazy, because I'd get incredible cravings for it and would just HAVE to go Cuzamil at least once a week.  The last few times I've been here, though, it's just gotten worse and worse, with my last visit the worst of all.  I ordered my tortilla soup, as usual, and while it looked as delicious as always, it was completely watered down and flavorless.  So disappointing.  I ordered one of the combination meals, with a taco, quesadilla, and chili relleno.  I am happy that the chili relleno is now an actual half green pepper with meat and cheese inside (it used to just be a sliver of a pepper buried under a pile of meat and cheese), so this is an improvement from the past.  But everything else was just bad.  My husband and friend complained that their meat was overly salty and burnt.  The chips were stale, the salsa bland, and the pop was flat.  My husband said there was "something wrong" with his Dos Equis.  And every time, for the past year, whenever I request the fried ice cream dessert, I am informed that they are out of the fried ice cream. I don't usually complain about waitstaff.  They are usually just overworked kids getting paid poorly to deal with stupid people.  I don't really blame them for being unhappy or not very good at their jobs.  But the one waiter here, wow.  I want to ask him if he's being held captive there or something, because he looks and acts just so damn miserable, like you are ruining his life by being there and he is disgusted by your existence.  I have never seen a smile, gotten a thank you, a hint of small talk, or anything remotely in the neighborhood of good service from him.  This place used to be so great, and I really don't know what happened.  Considering that we were the only customers in the entire place, I guess other people have realized it's gone downhill too.
2	Went here because we had a groupon.  Not opposed to going back, but  would not make a special trip for to get there.   Chips seemed to be out of a bag, the salsa was tomatoes and salt--and a very small portion at that.   Entree portions were large, hot and tasty.  I had the chilequiles, and had no complaints.  The chicken was done well and the sauce was nice and spicy like I like it.  Hubby had sampler of enchiladas, no complaints.  Daughter had veggie plate #4, and she thought it was good.  That's it, good--not great--no complaints!Wait staff was very nice!
2	Certainly not the best Mexican food I have ever tried.  Both my partner and I ordered vegetarian entrees and drinks.  For the quality that they churn out I would expect a bit lesser cost.  The chips were good.  Hot and salty with fresh (I think) salsa.  It was a good start but it sort of ended there.  The fajita could have been better.  The veggies were mostly peppers and onions.  It was hot but it was also a bit too greasy for my tastes.  The rice and beans were a bit dry (possibly undercooked beans) and the rice seems to have been out a bit too long.  The burrito was also a bit bland.  Copious amounts of hot sauce were needed to eat it.  Perhaps the ingredients weren't fresh?  Perhaps it was an off night?The drinks, although expensive, were strong and well mixed.  In hindsight, I would have been better off going to Chipotle...
1	Had a groupon, but still not worth it.  Service was bad, fly in the margherita, and the food was cold and tasteless.
1	It was a late night and the wait staff let us in. I was really happy to come across a Mexican restaurant that was so close. I was a bit apprehensive due to the 2-1/2 star rating, but the excessive traffic due to tunnel closings made my normal go-to-Mexican restaurant out of the question. We were promptly seated and ordered the following.White Cheese DipTacos de Carne Asada: no pico de gallo; no riceSteak QuesadillaChorizo QuesadillaTaco: meat and cheese onlyWe were brought the obligatory salsa and chips and told by the server that the white cheese dip was out. No big deal, we will deal without. We were happy they let us in. I tried some of the chips and salsa and was a tad put off by the fact that the salsa tasted like it was made without love. There was garlic powder in the salsa. Who uses dried spices in salsa? Not only was there garlic powder, there was TOO MUCH garlic powder.  I decided to wait on the entrees to arrive.When our entrees arrived, I was happy to see that the food looked appealing. I was sad that there was lettuce on the tacos de carne asada, but that was my own fault for not paying attention. I put some tomatillo sauce on and ate one of them. I was not excited. The meat was very greasy and flavorless. The tomatillo sauce tasted like it just came out of a bottle. I took a bite of the beans and they were undercooked; they were slightly crunchy. I was not having a good time. I tried some of the chorizo quesadilla and was hit by an overwhelming amount of cumin and paprika -- not a good chorizo. I decided to finish my tacos de carne asada and move on. The best tasting part of the meal was the beef from the taco, but it was not very vibrant and it tasted like the seasoning that comes from the grocery store. I really wanted to like Cuzamil due to it's proximity, but it just doesn't work. In the future, I will go to Gran Agave when tasting Tex-Mex or Mexican and Los Cabos when tasting Cali-Mex. Both of these other restaurants give you more food, greater and better flavor, and are lighter on the pocketbook.I won't return.
4	Much better. A few months ago I wrote a review about this place and was not very complimentary, but they have greatly improved.  I don't know if they got a new cook or what, but the food and the service are leaps and bounds better than when I wrote my previous review.  Give them a chance!
4	I really enjoy Cuzamil.  The service is always fast and friendly and their portions (in general) are pretty big.   My only criticism would be the missing meat.  As I said, the portions are big, but if you open up the tortillas, you can see the severe lack of actual meat contained within.  Overall, I think they are really trying and they have improved each of the three time I've gone over the past year or so.  I'd say if you're skeptical, wait for the inevitable Groupon (they do them a lot) and use that to at least give them a chance.
5	Had lunch there today. We have eaten here in the past, but today was exceptional. Everything was delicious and amazing. I had the enchiladas verde... So fresh and the best verde sauce. The sope with chorizo was the highlight though. The corn cake tortilla was crisp on the outside but moist and delicious on the inside with the spicy chorizo on top. Soooo tasty. The food seems as if it has improved from prior visits. I was very impressed. I also feel I have to add this... I am not the owner of this restaurant or any restaurants.. Yes, recently some dumb ass yelper messaged me and accused me of owning one of the restaurants I reviewed. Their message was harassing and intimidating.. So I am not in the restaurant business so please don't message me! Thank you! Oh and I contacted Yelp and they did nothing about it!
1	I had been wanting to try Cuzamil for a while, considering I live right up the road. My husband and I went there during the week, and the place was pretty much empty. When we FINALLY got served I could see why. This was the first "mexican" restaurant I have been to that charges you for additional chips and salsa. I ordered a taco sampler, and was extremely excited to see tongue as a option. 2 out of the 3 tacos were bland, and the tongue taco was extremely chewy, meaning it hadn't been cooked properly. We both ordered margaritas and were given what tasted like a glass of margarita mix that someone forgot to add tequila to. I can understand how any restaurant can have a bad night, but i think Robert Irvine should be called in to redo this place or another restaurant should take the space. Will not be going back because there is much better mexican in Pittsburgh than this place.
3	Had a groupon so we checked this out. It was the best Mexican food we have had in Pittsburgh, but it was too expensive. Most of the dishes were $12-14, which feels like too much for basic Mexican food, at least to me. If it was a few dollars cheaper, we'd be regulars.
1	Great location, horrible food, nothing here made us happy. Worst chips ever, artificial margarita, bland foodMexican food my ass!Patron and Emiliano's are much better, so is Taco Bell
4	For Pittsburgh I am giving this four stars, there isn't much for mexican food here and that ain't lyin.I got the stuffed Pico de Gallo and it was yummy, also tasted the Chimichunga platter mmmm no problems with flavoring. Way more authentic than Mad Mex, For example I cannot even find Pico De Gallo on most menus at "mexican restaurants" here let alone a whole pepper stuffed.The portions are huge but they suffice, the service was good a little slow on gettin gour checks. Margaritas were not great stick with beer. I am not sure why all the bad Yelp reviews? I mean there are actual brown people working here, its a mexican restaurant and yes Pittsburgh sometimes brown people have accents.
2	The food is eatable, although it tends to fall heavily on your stomach. Fairly mediocre overall, although not disgusting. But why, why do the waiters feel the need to clean the table in the small space with very strong cleaning products while you are eating? why? This says a lot about the way they view the quality of their own food.
3	Tried this place on the way home tonight , Food was ok . Nothing to recommend , I got the combo plate and you have to pick what you want on your plate and what type of meat. Kinda cool I guess. The wait was very very long and the food was not what I had ordered. Our waitress was attentive and friendly so I gave her a good tip. I'm just not impressed . I agree with Monigue B.  ( " Better than Taco Hell " )
4	Classic mexican place, Not too different from the others but i did notice their bar seating was a little weird. the chairs were either too tall for the bar or the bar was too tall for the chairs. We sat at a normal table that seated four. The table top was made of complete beer bottle caps which i thought was very unique. I've never seen that in a  restaurant or bar before so i thought it was pretty interesting. The food here was decent, tasted like similar places I've been too but nothing unfamiliar. I did enjoy their burritos more than usual, i thought they were bigger than most places.I always love the sides in mexican dishes. My favorite is the rice and refried beans. i wish they would have given us larger tortillas when my hubby order the fajita platter but i guess smaller portions help you control more of what you eat. The one good thing about this place was the Margaritas. They make a delicious classic margarita but I wasn't too thrilled about the price. they offer about 3 to 4 different sizes and almost 5 varieties of flavors. I go lemon lime because i was never too thrilled with strawberry or watermelon.This little place is along the strip in squirrel hill on Murray Ave. If you go up the hill it's on your right and if your going down, it's on the left. If you stop by here try the margarita it's absolutely great!!
2	ok they ae jopen but rareley on time  the woman on duty even as waitress  is the worst waittres  i have ever expere in my life dont shop her awful sevice
4	I'm surprised this restaurant has gotten such a low rating! My brother and I came here for a late lunch and the food was hot and very well seasoned. I can't remember what my brother ordered, but I got one of the combination platters. I enjoyed my taco. I sampled the other food on my plate, which was also good but the taco filled me up and I took the rest home. Service was great and I recommend coming here for good Mexican food.
4	I have no idea what is with the negative reviews for this place. Sure, the restaurant isn't much to look at, but their food is excellent! I've been there three times now, and it's never let me down.Most recently, I went and got the combination with the two enchiladas and the burrito. So good! And it came out so fast! I got the burrito and one of the enchiladas with the shredded beef and one of the enchiladas with cheese. The cheese that they use is chihuahua cheese (from cows, not dogs) so it was nice and gooey and melty and delicious.Also, every time I've been there, the servers have been sweet and attentive. Anyone complaining about bad service is clearly hallucinating.In short, it's a little hole in the wall with great food. It's a little expensive, but it's great. Definitely check it out
1	Not sure if we just went on an off night or what but service was pretty slow. Some friends and I went and waited over an hour for food. Friends ordered vegetarian fajitas and you could clearly tell the food had been sitting out for a while. Tops were cold. They also didn't bring what seemed like enough tortillas for their food, and were going to charge extra for them!I had soft tacos and there wasn't really much to them. Overall I wasn't impressed and despite so many good reviews I've had a bad experience and won't be coming back anytime soon.
3	great food reviews on www.bigtsreviews.com
4	www.bigtsreviews.com
2	I can't say this place is bad because it's not.  It's just not that good, either.  We had the steak tacos and the chicken mole yesterday and it was just "meh."  Edible but that's about it.   I will say that the medium Margarita was pretty big and tasty and the mohito I had was really good.  The service was relatively good but the food was just uninspired.  I don't think we'll go back.
1	This was the WORST experience ever. I purchased a Groupon for a lunch special and the waitress refused to honor it.  She told me that I was required to have 2 people present in order to redeem the voucher---this was not true.  The voucher said that I needed to order 2 entrees.  It said nothing about needing 2 people.  She was stubborn, ignorant of the Groupon deal, and unwilling to serve me.  I reported the restaurant to Groupon, and they said that they have reported the incident internally.  A review may be underway if other Groupon customers have additional unsavory experiences.  I obviously can't tell you about the food, but the service was really awful! Buyers beware!
1	Went for lunch as I was craving a taco. The hard shell was stale and I wasn't impressed with the rest of it. The salsa that comes out had no flavor, it seemed to just tomatoes. Booooring and tasteless. I will probably not be going back to see if it was a bad day as stale hard taco shells and flavorless salsa at a Mexican joint seems like blasphemy! This is sad face in the flesh. :(
