1	My two cabinets and couch that are vintage were ruined in storage.  This was made evident when the movers returned my office furniture.  The movers showed me the damage before it was moved from their storage pod.  Then, they offer me $90.00 to settle the matter and had an erroneous contract to try and minimize my claim.  I informed them that the furniture they damaged was vintage and literally irreplaceable.  I will never use them again and considering how I was treated after they made mistake after mistake, would never recommend them to anyone.
5	"Just finished having Daniel's move my daughter from Tucson to Phoenix. Every step in the process was handled perfectly. You have an incredible team of professionals in your Tucson operation. Shelly Kearns was wonderful to work with in getting the moving job estimated. Your internal operations staff both in Tucson and Phoenix were both timely and incredibly informative. The move itself quarterbacked by Matthew Smith and his side kick Alex came off without a hitch. Both Matt and Alex handled the packing, and pick-up in Tucson and the delivery in Phoenix. Kudos' to your entire company. I will recommend Daniel's Moving & Storage to anyone I know who may in the market for moving services!"
1	I would give them zero stars if it was possible. We have moved cross country multiple times and have never had such a bad experience.  If you plan on making a large claim with this company, you might as well forget about it because they aren't going to take responsibility for what they damage. They broke a reclining chair that worked perfectly fine before they picked it up. We filed a claim and the company sent us a letter saying that unless we could provide photo evidence that they broke the recliner, they were not responsible and they were closing my claim. I was told that it would be around $800 to fix the chair and I refuse to pay that out of my pocket. I have tried contacting them and they ignor emails. I was also told at the time of delivery that when they moved my belongings from one truck to the other, they opened the doors and were overwhelmed with the smell of propane. The guys left the tank in the grill and it emptied completely in the truck. The mover said it is a good thing there was not a fire. This was such a horrible experience and I would steer clear from this company.
1	I had a pretty bad experience with Daniels Moving & Storage.  The movers were great, but the representatives at Daniels were not so as I moved across the country.  What I thought would be a typical 7 to 10 day move with 15 days being the worse case scenario turned into a 25 day wait. In addition, there was no communication with the representative as to the estimated date of delivery.  My household goods ended up being left in their warehouse for over 2 weeks prior to being loading on to a truck for transport.  No major damages were noted, but very minor things were missing in which I had to out of pocket the costs for replacement.  When I filed my claim, the representative mentioned to me that I just couldn't assemble it myself?  I'm pretty disappointed and would not recommend this company for a move.  Fortunately, my stuff came in good condition, but the customer service and communication was awful.  I like now how I'm pretty much doing the movers job by having to reassemble my furniture due to missing pieces.  Hopefully, they will reimburse me, but I'm not counting on it.  I guess lesson learned for my next move.
3	The three stars is generous. We had a huge move with a semi and a half from N Scottsdale to Phoenix. Very nice heavy furniture! They were late, slow, and we're hard on things. They did not bring enough help either so the move took from 9am until midnight. The supervisor was amazing. I would not use them again.
1	Worst moving company of all time damaged just about everything never use them!
5	Great family values oriented company...love every minute of it!
