4	Happy birthday Mom! We decided to have a pancake breakfast together here. The location is prime because it's near the freeway so if you were low on funds, you can hit the highway! Hahaha jk, don't do that! We were seated quickly and the restaurant seemed a little busy but our server, Claudia, approached us and asked what we wanted to drink. She seemed a little under the weather, but I can understand that. It's raining in Vegas. How many times does it rain here?! 3 times a year? I'll give her a break. We told her it was my "younger sister's" birthday and we got a laugh out of her.AYCE is the key phrase for this month it seems. $4.99 for AYCE pancakes but if you order a meal from the AYCE menu, it comes with your meal! The pancakes are fluffy and my eggs came out over medium-- just how I ordered them! And it came out faster than I thought! Crispy bacon, flavorful sausage and crispy hash browns! For IHOP, they really give you your money's worth in food and a little more. I'm sure if it wasn't soo gloomy outside, our server would've been a little bit more chipper, but oh wait! Something I didn't know they did at IHOP at all! The servers were huddled in the kitchen area and our server, Claudia, was holding a bowl of ice cream topped with whip cream. And the lead server yells, "There's a birthday in the house!" And I totally forgot we told her it was my mom's birthday! How awesome! It was really a pleasant surprise for my mom and us. Kudos to IHOP's servers and hostess for making my mom's birthday breakfast an awesome one! Happy eating! :)
4	Good stuff but only worth it with coupons for free entree when you buy one and it is still pricey, they really get you on the price of the coffee.
5	Ate here for breakfast at 4pm with family! According to my mom, this is one of the better branches of IHOP in the north. When we arrived, it was practically empty; perhaps only two other tables seated. Food tasted great, which I was worried about prior to our visit, since my last experience at a different IHOP was an average one. Service here was exceptional. Our server was extremely helpful and friendly! A really sweet older gentleman... My cousin arrived a bit late, and he kept offering to reheat his food since it came out early. Overall atmosphere was good. I don't like crowded places, especially loud ones when trying to eat, so I enjoyed the emptiness (maybe since it was 4pm?). It was also very clean here. They played older 50-80's music in the background, so it was pretty relaxing and brought a few laughs to our table.I don't really like breakfast family restaurants, since I usually enjoy cooking this kind of food at home, but I definitely recommend this place if you just want to get out of the house and still have a great breakfast. Five stars to this IHOP!
4	Slowwwww service so far, but the food is great
3	Food was pretty good, it's something you always know what to expect for taste.Julie was our waitress, she was very prompt and managed her busy section well.I wish the loud mouth male stripper behind us would have shut up or at least lowered his voice and kept his f-bombs to himself. Not everyone cares to know you learned so many moves from magic mike. PS you're not going to get famous being a male stripper at some low budget club. Yea I heard every word you said. PSS don't bank with wells fargo, they suck.I had to red velvet pancakes, they were sub par compared to babystacks! Return factor: meh, maybe...just maybe.
3	IHOP not a place that generally go too but late night cravings for any food well IHOP was calling out. I went with with some of my hockey family after our game and drinking at our favorite watering hole. It was 2am. So being the only peeps in the restaurant always odd feeling but our waitress she was fabulous. She friendly, attentive, and offer some great suggestions for food. I ordered the Pot Roast Melt. It was better then I thought was going too be. The sourdough bread was toasted perfect golden brown. The roast beef was nice and moist in every bite. I like the gravy/sauce made the roast beef even more moist that much more delicious. The cheese was well melted and every bite oozzing more cheese. The fries nothing special but everything was nice hot. It best late night snack one cure any hangover the next day.
3	The food and service were ok.  The location is run down, and the restrooms were dirty.
5	Cheryl was our waitress. Extremely friendly and helped us with our order. We have to eat super healthy and clean and she was great in making sure that happened ;)
3	IHop is a good place for breakfast, the food is reasonably priced and the portions are good. My only gripe is that it is always too cold in the restaurant.
3	I used to eat at an IHOP on the east coast when I was a pre-teen.I used to go all the time and the food was always good, and still is.But, when I was young, 1. My appetite was smaller, and 2. I never paid the bill. So I decided to bring back some old memories, and go to the one right near my house.I ordered breakfast. I had a an omelet, toast, bacon, hash browns, and a short stack of pancakes. Sounds like a decent amount of food, right?The portions were so small, that I could have ordered it twice, and still had room for desert.I figured, "Okay, well I'm obviously bigger now, and my appetite has followed in-kind."But then I got the bill...With an iced tea, it came out to be more than $20 including the tip.Like I said, the food is good, but the value is severely lacking.
5	I came here today with my family for the free pancakes, and I was really impressed at how great their service was! We only waited for about ten minutes to get seated, since it was packed and full! We got our food (we ordered other things besides just the pancakes) in about ten minutes. It didn't take that long for them to bring out the food, so I was relieved since I thought they would take forever and lag but they didn't! Food was delicious. I mean, you CANNOT go wrong with breakfast! Our server was great and the food was delicious, so I would definitely come back here especially since I'm a big fan of breakfast foodies!
5	This place has their shit together! Staff works together in a very organized and efficient fashion that is rare! Love it!
4	Denny's used to be my diner of choice until they started giving less food and raised their prices.  So recently I decided to give IHOP a try.  Typically I am not a big fan of breakfast foods and I also don't really care for the lunch/dinner menu at IHOP.  But on this particular day I was wanting French Toast and did not have the stuff to make it at home.  So IHOP it was and great too.  I went with Split Decision Breafast with French Toast, pancakes, bacon, sausage and eggs.  Add a cup of hot tea with lemon and honey and I was set.  The French Toast was thick and not too dense with a slight crisp from the skillet.  The pancakes were fluffy and cooked to perfection.  The sausage was just average but the bacon was quite good.  And the eggs were scrabbled just the way I like.  The service was good too and so I was impressed this time.   I only wish the small two person both they put me at was bigger.  The table was a little too close for comfort and attached to the wall making it impossible to move for some more room.  Then again maybe that just means I need to lose some weight.
3	Good place to go for a quick breakfast. Nothing really sticks out on their menu. Mostly breakfast foods but there are sandwiches, burgers, & salads if you're not much of a breakfast person.The pancakes are ok. The beau usually gets the chocolate pancakes with chocolate chips. Pretty darn good. They also have 4 different syrups at the table: regular, strawberry, blueberry, butter pecan. Those are the usuals. Service is usually on the slower side at any location I go to. And don't wait for the waiter to pick up your check, you gotta go up to the cash register to pay. Not my go to breakfast place but it'll do.
5	This is the best of the IHOP restaurants in the area. This location is always clean and has the most friendly staff. On my recent trip here last weekend the restaurant was relatively packed, but I was very impressed with the excellent service I received from my server even though I know he was very busy.  I got the breakfast sampler and strawberry pancakes - everything was delicious and cooked to perfection. I also ordered a crispy chicken salad to take home for later. They changed the lettuce from iceburg to mixed greens making it an even better salad :) I know where I am headed the next time I have a craving for a good breakfast!
5	I come here on a weekly basis. Couldn't imagine my life without pancakes with extra butter =). The service is amazing. Kara and Hanna have been my servers for good few months and they will be for a long time.  =)
1	I was very disappointed with the expensive prices and amount of food, as in the lack thereof! I used to love IHOP but not anymore. My daughter's BLT sandwich was dry, small, and cost $9.50. I looked through the whole menu and almost every meal was between $9 and $10. Too high priced for an IHOP. The non-stop talking waiter actually stood at my side and when I looked at him he was looking down my shirt.
2	Most of the back tables were sloppily cleaned and the carpets looked as if their vacuum was broken! The creamer that was brought to use was covered in a "slimy" something.  I've been coming here for years, once a month or so and this is by far the WORST it's ever been.  The food was tasty and cooked correctly, but the price of all this is just getting not worth it.  $28 without tip for 2 spinach omelets a side of 3 pancakes and 2 coffees...  Eeehhh
1	Here after church for friends bday. The wait time was not bad for a party of 6 and baby. 3 out of the 6 people enjoyed their meals. But this is my review and unfortunately I was one of the not happy customers. I ordered a simple turkey club. It was brought out missing the bacon and the bread wasn't toasted either...so I had a bland turkey sandwich for 11 bucks? Not a good experience. I am sure other options would have been better but this item will be off my radar from now on.
