4	Too bad they don't have these in every casino. Mostly just in the station casinos & the Palms. It's childcare for gamblers. Drop your kid off for up to 4 hours and enjoy. They have everything for the kids. A playland like McDonald's, video games(ps3,wii,xbox,etc) plus they have a snack bar so they can eat whenever they get hungry. It's usually $6/hr but if you have a young one and want to enjoy a movie,dinner or just gamble your kids will love you even more for letting them go wild at Kids Quest. The one at the Palms is small & mostly for very young kids. The best one is at the Red Rock Casino.
5	Stayed at The Palms and my husband and I really wanted to use our complimentary passes for the Drift Spa together.  We took a mini tour of the place (my son is 18 months old) and he immediately found a ball to play with and got on the slide.  There was enough to do to keep him busy for hours. Books, cribs for naps (wow), video, toys, snacks, etc.  We left him for 1 hour and he was happy as a clam while we were gone.  There were 2 other kids and 2 employees. Amber was very friendly and let us know that our son will be in good hands.   I brought our own diapers, sippy cup and wipes and they labeled everything as to not mix it up with other kids' stuff.  I am sure they have the supplies if you don't bring your own.  It was $8.25 per hour on a Sunday afternoon. The only bummer is that we should have let him play there for another hour and enjoy the spa a tad more.  To be honest, Kids Quest may be one of very few reasons to stay at The Palms.
3	I used the Kids Quest at the Palms for 5 hours on a Wednesday afternoon in March. You do not need to be staying at the Palms to use this place, anyone can walk in and sign up. They do take infants to 12 years old. The kids 0-2.5 years are in the lower level with appropriate toys, games, etc. The 2.5 yo to 12 are in the upstairs area with snack bar, air hockey machine, game stations, tons of toys, etc. You must bring your vaccination records from home signed by your dr to get your kid(s) registered. Cost for 2 kids is about $16 an hour with a 5 hour a day limit. I think that this Kids Quest is friendly and professional. The people working there seemed normal, security appeared to be good. My only complaint was that my 2.5 year old had a dirty diaper when I came to pick him up. It had blown out onto his pants so I assumed that it had not been changed for some time.
1	Notice how the reviews are for the Kids Quest at the Palms. The one at Boulder Station should be avoided.If you are planning a visit to Las Vegas this review will apply more to you than locals. My 14-month-old son and I accompanied my husband on a business trip this past Labor Day weekend and to prepare I checked out indoor play gyms through Yelp and found Kids Quest. The reviews were positive so I went to the Web site and it all looked legitimate. We stayed at Planet Hollywood and it was quite a drive to get to Boulder Station. When I arrived at Kids Quest I was told I would need to provide my son's immunization paperwork. This detail is not listed anywhere on the company's site. I told the clerk I didn't have my son's papers and she said I would just need to fax it to them within 14 days.I have been to several indoor play gyms including Gymboree and JW Tumbles. I'm not sure if this is specific to Nevada but I've never had to provide immunization papers.Then the clerk proceeded to tell me that my son could not have his snacks but that I would have to pay for snacks and drinks provided by them. I was still going to let my son go inside despite the hassles and a feeling in my gut that this was not a good idea when the clerk told me I could not accompany my son into the play area. That was the final straw. My son was already upset and I wasn't about to let him be taken into that place by strangers.
2	This review is for the Boulder Station Kids Quest:My daughter went on 4 different days, an hour each time, while we were on vacation.She loved it! I didn't use the service because I needed to, but rather because as soon as we walked in she saw the place & wanted to go. If you let her tell it, she would give it 5 stars. And while that's awesome that she had fun, my rating is not 5 stars, here's why:The girls working there do not have a "I want to be here & make this fun for the kids attitude" like a lot of kids places have. Instead, they have a "What time does my shift end attitude." It wasn't too terrible, but  still not a great feeling to get that vibe when you are dropping your kid off with these strangers.2nd, Boulder Station itself has no non-smoking gambling areas at all, which I didn't realize prior to booking our hotel there. The Kids Quest is right across from the slots and is WIDE OPEN & the smoke just comes billowing into the Kids Quest area! Having never had my daughter around smoke before, that was very disturbing!Lastly, my daughter didn't tell me this until after the last time she went, or I would have inquired further if I had known sooner, but she told me that the restrooms inside there do not have doors on them. Perhaps this is for safety & I just am not understanding, but that seems very odd to me & like something they should tell you. I don't like the idea of my daughter being able to be seen by all others who are in the bathroom as well! Strange! If we were to ever go again, I would have to inquire about this further first. I just don't get why you wouldn't have doors on the bathroom stalls?!We will not be back though. Mainly because I don't want my daughter around all the smoke that goes in there. If they had the place enclosed from the casino or if the casino made the section near Kids Quest non-smoking, I might consider it again, but not like it is currently.
1	Avoid this Kidsquest Boulder Station location and go for other locations at Las Vegas if possible!I was extremely dissatisfied about the child care service provided to my 19-month old baby from this center. First, during her 5-hour stay, not food nor drink was provided or attempted to be provided to my baby. My baby was crying like crazy when I picked her up. I need to give her formula immediately. She consumed it non-stop and stopped crying after that. I read the check-out form and no meal/snack/fluid was noted. Second, when I checked her in, the staff said a meal will be given to her since she will have a 5-hour stay from evening around dinner time. Obviously, it was just a lie. In addition, I was not reminded at all about the additional charge if I pick the kid up late. I was charged $25 even I was a few minutes late. Finally, the staff over there were totally unfriendly. I was treated like I have been giving them trouble. Their attribute was unacceptable and they were irresponsible for my kid's stay. I called the customer relations department and told them all these. They said they are going to research and talk to the director of this center. I will wait for their callback and may need to escalate this to Nevada Department of Health and Human Services of their inhuman treatment to my baby.
