5	I only come to Phoenix a few days a month on business but from now on I will save up my haircuts and get them at Gentleman Joe's.  Awesome place.  Very comfortable, a full range of services and arguably the best haircut I have ever received at a very reasonable price.
5	Best Barber Shop in town. Hands down. Don't believe me? Go in and try it...
4	Pretty good barber shop. They were quick and clean and finished off with a hot lather straight razor shave for the back of the head and sideburns and even busted out a shoulder massager. There was no wait time to get in a chair and each station has its own TV with DirecTV so you can watch whatever you like. It's definitely one of the better places I've been for a cut.
5	Best barber in Mesa. Great service, skilled barbers and a flat screen at every station.
5	Finally a good haircut, one of the best I've ever gotten. I decided to try this place for the first time and would surely become a regular if I wasn't moving. I'm actually a bit upset that I just now found this place. Chuy did such a good job that I'm confident enough that if I simply told him to make it look good, I would walk out with a great haircut. Definitely check this place out.
5	I've gone here to get my haircut every month since I moved to Mesa (3years). Every barber there is very skilled and it is actually a good experience. The straight razor to the neck/sideburns is something I really like. Every time the quality is very consistent, regardless of which barber is doing the work. I've had 1 'OK' haircut in the past 36, the rest were 'great'. Thanks guys!
1	Wish I could say that I had a good experience here but I can't. I made a reservation at this place since I was running on a tight schedule. When I got there I wasn't even greeted or attended to til 10 minutes later. After checking in, the guy they schedule me w/ for my appointment was already w/ someone. No big deal because they set me up w/ someone else immediately, however after that guy sat me in his chair, he spent the next 10 minutes chatting up w/ his coworkers. Once the barber got back to me, he rushed through my cut. After asking me how I liked it I asked if he could take a little bit more off the top, which he interpreted it as cut my bangs once and that's it. At that point I was already frustrated enough w/ the service so I left. I emailed their corporate office hopefully to get an explanation for the crappy service I received but nothing. I'm a big fan of male specific barber shops and it's such a shame this one failed. I suggest V's Barbershop.
2	i came in around 4. it was very slow. I got up and walked around the market and still didn't get anywhere on the list. they blow the hair around with an air compressor, talk about messy. I went in with black dress pants and got old man hair blown on my pants multiple times. the haircuts seems alright, but understaffing makes the wait beyond annoying.
5	I have nothing but good things to say about this establishment. Got cuts from both Mesa and Ray Rd locations. Both were equally quality haircuts. Doesn't seem like too many gringos walk through their door but they treated me like anyone else. These guys are artists, not barbers. Will continue to give them my business. Nough said
