3	Hmm, more like 2.5 stars for Crazy Jim's.  I'll be honest, I only had the grilled salmon salad, and yeah, I have no idea why I'm ordering a salmon salad for lunch, but still, it was just all right.  The salads are made with iceberg lettuce, and that's pretty much it - basic, boring, and blah.  A few co-workers had burgers which looked OK, and I've heard the gyros are pretty good.  But Sticklers is cheaper, better, and it's just across the street, so I probably won't be heading back to Jim's anytime soon.
4	The downtown outpost of Crazy Jim's has never disappointed. it's hard to label the type of food at this place. But it's good for groups, because you can choose from among various mediterranean items, burgers, pizza and more. Kind of a diner with a Greek slant.It's not fancy, just solid delicious food. The pitas rule, whatever you stuff in them. Their gyro meat is flavorful, tender and not dried out. Surprisingly, the made to order pizzas are really good too. A thicker crust than I enjoy anywhere else, but damn good.My favorite thing is their steak meat on a pizza. It's like chewing up an italian beef sammich with red sauce, and spitting it onto a pizza stone. That probably doesn't sound as good as it tastes.If you haven't explored the menu yet, you should.
3	Crazy Jim's has been a staple of downtown Phoenix for quite some time. They specialize in gyros and pita bread sandwiches. I've been there at least a dozen times, and honestly, it's just o.k. I've only had the steak and cheese sub, and it's good.  They tend to use too much cheese in the steak and cheese.  The sub rolls are small, but they make up for it with way too many fries.  I've only gone there with co-workers for lunch, and everyone seems to agree it's average food. A previous review mentioned Sticklers restaurant located across the street from Crazy Jim's. I think I'd stick with Sticklers, but co-workers keep dragging me back to Crazy Jim's.  I will say the staff is excellent and very nice.
4	Everytime i go here I have a great  meal.  Well then again I can't stop ordering the same thing over and over again.  I like to order the gyro picado salad, it comes packed with a lot of gyro meat, great salad with jalapenos.  They have a great variety on their menu, pizza, pitas, picado salads, burgers, etc.  You pretty much can't go wrong with anything you pick on their menu..
3	Food is good, basically its a repetition of the same foods w/ different names or ingredients added (or taken off). Prices are a bit high for the meals and quality of service. The service during lunch is fast, however once you get your meal, you will be ignored by the waitstaff. Make sure to bring a spritzer of perfume or cologne, because you'll be smelling like food when you come out.
3	I work downtown and Jim's is a great place to grab a lunch when you want to take an extra 15 minutes or so.  It isn't fast at lunch time. But somedays that is okay.  Also, order everything as soon as the waitress greets you, otherwise you will probably get sloppy/slow service. But they are very nice about it.I like their gyro meat and all of their housemade salad dressings are great. Their fries are also tasty.I love the 3.99 breakfast special. (Eggs, hashbrowns, bacon/sausage, bread/pita)  They open at 7am and you can eat it at the counter. It isn't the best food in the world. It isn't the best service in the world. But it ain't that bad either. tip: Just call in your order and bring it back to the office if you don't have a lot of time and need a pita sandwich fix.
2	Sorry, Crazy Jim.  While your place is a popular lunch spot with downtown workers, the food is average Greek fare, at best. Had a Chicken Patra Pita. Average pita, stuffed with average chicken, grilled onions, peppers and cheese, accompanied by an undistinguished pile o' lettuce. Next time I'll try somewhere else.
4	I work next to the federal court house and love when I get a chance to eat at Crazy Jims. It always smells great when you walk in. I love Greek food... completely obsessed with gyros. So this is the perfect spot for me.My favorite thing about Jims is the pita bread. It's kind of crispy yet soft, and dipped in their creamy greek dressing it is like a dream. My favorite menu item here is the Gyro Salad. Basically like a gyro but not wrapped up, pita bread on the side. The feta is fantastic, crumbled perfectly. Nothing better than warm gyro meat smothered in feta cheese, topped with creamy greek dressing. I'm not going to think about the consequences of a dish like this, it just wouldn't be fair. I'll eat and think later.Great service and great food. Will be a long-time customer. Hope I work downtown forever :-)
4	I'm Crazy for Crazy Jim's!!  (cheesy, I know)They have a good variety of food options.  The servers are okay; I wouldn't say they are super friendly, but they aren't rude either.  The service can be a little on the slow side, but not too bad.  And you pay at the register by the front door, not at the table.  That makes it easy to split the check with a group.  They just remodeled the inside and got rid of the booths that were falling apart.  Nice, new, dark wood tables that make the place look clean and organized.  I have been enjoying their pitas for years!  The pita bread is great, the pitas are huge and served open-faced.  Best to eat with provided untencils as it's a little hard to pick up with your hands and not make a mess.  My favorite pita is the one with the jalapanos.  Many of my co-workers are fans of the pizza at Crazy Jim's.  I'm sure it is great, however, I can get a pizza anywhere.  When I go to Crazy Jim's, I want PITA!!!I most recent discovery is the No Lettuce Chicken Salad.  A big plate of grilled chicken, huge chunks of feta, tomatoes, cucumbers, pepperchinis, some cabbage, all with an oil and vinegar dressing.  Not to mention pita bread on the side.  Very tasty!!!
5	Wow! This place looks great inside, but the food is just do good! I had lunch here and ordered a Gyro Picado Pita which had strips of gyro, grilled green peppers, onions, and jalapenos with a side of Greek soup. The soup itself is wonderful and I could just have their soup alone. The gyro is yummy!!! You've got to come a little early to beat the lunch crowd.
4	Excellent pizza and one of the best salads I have enjoyed in a long time. The chicken was really good and the surprise ingredients in the salad were roasted bell pepper and jalapenos...lots of them. Every bite was super fresh. The service was great too. I can't wait to go back and try everything on their extensive menu!
4	An excellent little breakfast and lunch spot in downtown Phoenix. Just the pita bread alone is worth it. It's the best I've had. No need for anything to dip it in, I would almost feel guilty if added any more flavor to the party. I stopped in Crazy Jim's this morning desperately needing to fill my stomach with some much needed breakfast. I ordered up a Gyro Omelet to go. How awesome is that! And it's only $3.75.  While the presentation of the omelet itself wasn't much to look at, the eggs, feta, onion, tomato, and Gyro meat all go together perfectly. The hash browns were an okay side, but nothing special. The bread, as I already stated, was phenomenal. I've been in Crazy Jim's a couple other times. The prices for lunch are quite high, but the food is really good. As one of my coworkers puts it; Crazy Jim's has the best salads, but it's only something you can afford on payday.This is the perfect place to treat yourself once in a while if you work downtown.
4	Really good! We eat there frequently and it is consistently good. I'd give it a 5 but I tend to rate too high I think.
4	Met up with my mom for lunch at Crazy Jim's yesterday. Because of my amazingly stealth parallel parking skills and a handful of change, I was able to get a meter right up in front. We were seated right away, and were able to start catching up without issue. The menu options looked great, I went for the burger. Served just as ordered it had that homemade grill taste and I was very pleased. Service was great for a busy lunch time frame. I would go back again, loved that they had a counter for singles.
4	I went here for lunch with my Dad and my brother today and I thought it was a really solid meal. I got the chicken picado sub with a side salad. It was really good. The sandwich was simple, just chopped up chicken, bell pepper, onion, and jalapenos, but it was very tasty. The salad has a really good dressing and the portion sizes are generous. I would definitely come back here again.
1	I work downtown, so this is easy to get to by walking.  However, the owners are soooooo unfriendly!  The lady doesn't know how to smile or say hi, thank you, or have a nice day.  The wait staff isn't much better, they must be related to the owners!  When there are so many lunch choices downtown, I suggest you go some other place where your business is appreciated, especially in this economy.   Besides, the food is fair to average at best.  Don't bother, go across the street to Sticklers.
3	quality is inconsistent here. the only thing that is good always is the gyro!
5	I love this place.  Get there early because it can fill up by 1145am for lunch.  I don't understand the reviews that seem to view that as a negative towards the restaurant.When I worked downtown we used to go there once a month or so.  Now that I don't work there, I still make a pilgrimage a couple of times a year for the food.  Service is always pleasant.  Yes, it's busy, but the staff always seems to handle it well.  Love their Gyros and Gyro Salads.  The french fries are also great.  Love, love LOVE Crazy Jim's!!!
4	I like going to this place for lunch.  I usually get a chicken feta pita or chicken feta salad (I love feta!).  This place can get pretty busy during the lunch, but they are usually pretty good at seating us quickly.  The other thing that is great is they can do separate checks, and you pay up front as you leave.  This makes it easy to dine with coworkers so you don't have to mess around with the bill (especially if you only get an hour lunch break!)  Good Greek food.
3	Pretty decent downtown lunch joint.  It's always packed, so get there early or be ready to wait.  I love the gyro with a giant side of fries.  I'm a sucker for tzatziki sauce, so I'll add that to anything and everything.  The restaurant is a decent size for downtown.  Parking is eh, you can find some street parking if lucky or you can park in the garage but I don't think they validate.  You can also take a free bus that runs in the downtown area called the DASH, but I don't recommended taking it during the summer.
5	Wonderful service, great for delivery to the office! Spicy hummus is THE BEST! Calamari salad is wonderful!! Everything is good!
5	Excellent food and service. Highly recommend going there if you have not already
3	The food is Good!!!! The service stinks though, they are SO SLOW! I don't know why it takes close to an hour to make my friends and I some chicken pitas at lunch. Ridiculous!
1	With the attitude that the staff has with their customers, I'm not sure how they've been in business this long. Their food is good but the times that I have gone there the customer service is pretty horrible to say the least. The kid that runs the pick up counter not once, not twice but every singe time throws the receipt at me. No thank you, no smile, no nothing! Horrible service from the entire staff!!
1	Very upset with the service here. We showed up at 7PM to have a nice dinner before an 8PM show across the street. I'm still sitting here at 7:48PM and I do not have my food. We asked our sever to check on our order, was told it would be 5 more minutes and after 12 more minutes we still didn't have our food. Ended up canceling out order and paying for only our drinks. Stay away from this place!
1	THE SERVICE IS HORRIBLE!!!!While the food is good, the service is just not worth it.  My coworkers and I ordered lunch from them.  We spent over $100 dollars, and were promised a delivery time of 11:45 AM. to Noon.  WE got our order delivered at 12:40 PM. I spoke to George who promised he would do something for my coworkers and I, yet when I called him the NEXT day, he said his DAD "is a Greek who has earned every single dollar he has worked for and that he could not do anything for us"However, George did offer to buy me lunch!  An hour later for one lunch just isn't worth it.  I wasn't expecting anything free, however a small discount or even out tip back would have made things better.  I am SORRY that they don't know how to handle good customer service. They have lost very good clients.
2	I love Crazy Jims, I was downtown and hungry so my old stand by was open. I got my usual the Gyro/Feta salad to go. When it rang up for $10.75 i was in shock...Its out of price for the little Gyro meat you get on top of iceberg lettuce....I hope this will change...
5	Crazy Jim's is wonderful. I called for a delivery order and the person on the other end (I think his name is George) was concerned that his delivery guy wouldn't be able to make it by the time I needed. George was very accomadating and up front. The best part? The order arrived 30 minutes BEFORE I was expecting it. Great customer service and the food is great as well.
1	This is the WORST place in the world to go!!  Please STOP giving them business, I don't care if they are Greek and their Dad earned every single dollar that he has worked for.  They probably are living comfortable now!  I am not Greek and also have earned every single dollar that I have worked for.  I work for a large agency in downtown Phoenix that gives this restaurant lots of business daily.  Today, the owner's daughter (our waitress) who I recognize because we eat there so much, was so rude to us!  Granted we arrived at 12pm and the place was packed but they seated us right away.  When the daughter came over to take our drink order, we placed our drink orders and she started walking away.  I tried to tell her that we were ready to place our order knowing that the place is very busy.  She rolled her eyes and grudgingly came back.  I told her that is fine that we could wait to place our order and she left without taking our order.  We got our drinks and my friend asked twice for a refill of her raspberry iced tea.  The first time the daughter rolled her eyes and kept walking like she didn't hear her.  The second time, she just shook her head, rolled her eyes and kept walking.  Finally, at 12:45pm, I looked in the daughter's eyes and told her, "you hate us, don't you?"  I could tell she hated us and probably wished we were dead.  She said no but that they are very busy and everybody came at the same time.  I told her that we have been waiting 45 minutes for 2 salads and that we needed our food to go now because we don't have time to eat now.  Then her mom (owner's wife) came over and said, "oh, you don't have time to eat because you only have a 30 minute lunch?"  I said no that we have a 1 hour lunch but we have been waiting 45 minutes for our lunch and we don't have time to eat here now.  The daughter brought the food to go for us (I was afraid they spit in it by then.)  I paid the ridiculous overpriced cost of $25 for the 2 salads and 1 iced tea (I had water) and didn't tip her of course.  I told her I would never be back and wouldn't tip her either.  It was the worst experience of my life in a restaurant that I have ever had!  I will never give them business again and I think all of downtown Phoenix should boycott them and go eat at Sticklers or the many new restaurants at CityScape.  Heck, I even get treated better at Subway down the street for a lot less money!!!
1	Anyone who thinks this place has good gyros has not had a good gyro, and I feel bad for them.  Although, getting a good gyro is really not an easy task.  If you are ever in Seattle, go to Mr. Gyro's on Greenwood Ave and you will understand what a good gyro is.This gyro had meat, tomato and onion.  That is hardly how you make a gyro.  Not to mention the Tzatziki sauce was awful.  The pasta salad was okay.  The lady taking the order -  how do I say this:  Not rude, but almost there.  Not friendly, but not rude, but not exactly chipper.  This is the kicker:  I saw they had a gyro with pasta for 6.50 (special), so I ordered a gyro. She asked me what side I wanted, so I had her say what the choices were.  She told me soup, pasta salad, fries, and steamed veggies.  So I chose the fries.  She then told me the total was 10 dollars and change.  I was like....what?  She repeated the total.  Changing gears and clarifying it wasn't my hearing that was in question, I asked for further details on why the price jumped 4 dollars with choosing fries instead of the pasta salad.  She told me the pasta salad was on special.  Still not believing this and that there must be more to it, I then asked if the gyro's were the same size, and she said yes.  At this point I was tempted to just cancel the order based on the logic of this restaurant in charging 4 more dollars for a difference between choosing fries vs pasta,and that the gyro was probably going to suck.  Once again I paid for not listening to my intuition!
4	We popped in to Crazy Jims last night before a concert at Comerica.At first glace at the front door it looked like a counter diner, as we didn't notice the large dining room on the side. The big room was a nice surprise! It wasn't a beautiful space, it looks very efficient, and kind of like a corporate cafeteria dining room.About the efficient part, the staff certainly was!!!! when we were seated the restaurant was at about 25% full and by the time we left the lobby was packed with people waiting for tables. What impressed me so much was the team work going on here, there was never a service misstep and nobody looked frazzled as the restaurant quickly filled. The kitchen held its own as well as everything we ordered was tasty fresh and hot.JIM if you are reading this thank your lucky stars that you have such a crew!!!! You have a team most restaurateurs only dream about.
1	I've been to this place multiple times and have had satisfactory service and descent food during lunch.  Today was off the charts bad. Horrible service, cold and tasteless food, and lastly no apology for either. My girlfriend and I arrived at 11:50am for lunch, were seated promptly and had our drink and food order taken shortly there after. After our drinks were dropped off we then didn't have contact with the waitress(the owners daughter) for 35 minutes. When she did check on us it was to figure out what our food order was. Ten minutes later or food was dropped off, but it wasn't the food we ordered.  Since this was a workday lunch we accepted out food and asked to see if we could have our bill discounted. The waitress said she "didn't think they did that".   When we asked to see a manager, she responded she was the manager. I highly recommend that no one gives this place any business. There are plenty of places downtown to grab lunch where they treat their customers with respect and common courtesy.
1	My review falls along the line of many others. First let me say our waitress was pretty bad. She wasn't exactly rude but she had no personality/life to her. You might as well have a robot taking orders. She also gave us the wrong check which caused some confusion at the front. I ordered the pita gyro. It was a little plain but I could work with it. I was hungry and ate it. I'll give that 2.5 stars. My coworkers ordered burgers and they looked like dry, frozen patties. None of them enjoyed the burgers. I also ordered a small side salad. It was basically iceberg lettuce with dressing. Plain and boring. Also, almost every item is $10, so if you aren't starving and want something small, you're going to pay the same as everyone else. I wouldn't go back.
2	This particular location, which I believe is not owned by the same person as the one on 15th avenue is not my favorite. Stopped in for lunch a few days ago and was reminded why I have stayed away. Their food seems to be packaged and heated up rather than prepared. It is amazing the difference between the two locations. The pita bread is dry and seems like something you would buy at a grocery store. I definitely suggest trying the other location, definitely worth the drive and extra time.
1	I was told this place was good and decided to give it a shot. The blonde woman who took my order at the take out register was very icy and treated me as if they were paying me to eat there.After telling her "no onions" on my gyro and her repeating "ok, no onions" I get my food 10 minutes later and yep, onions all over it. I reminded her that said no onions on the gyro and she proceeds to look me I'm the face and say "I didn't hear you say no onions".She then asks the cooks to make another gyro because, and I quote, "he now says he doesn't want onions on it".Once I received my food the gyro was soggy, as if the pita was wet. The veggies were average.I believe in supporting local businesses but I'm never going back. The service was bad and the food was average. I can deal with average food if the experience was pleasant and the environment was welcoming, but that wasn't the case today.Save yourself the hassle and skip this place. You'll be treated with contempt and receive subpar food.....late.
1	This place has really gone downhill. The staff are very rude and getting worse. We had a group of people come over to get lunch during the week. The place was less than half full. The waitress, who apparently is the manager or supervisor, seats us and takes our drink order with a bad attitude right of the back. After she comes back we order our food. When the food comes back she's missing 1 of our orders and 1 of them is completely wrong. After explaining to her we didn't order that she argues with us and says yes we did. Not only did she argue with us about that, she argues we didn't order another entree for someone that clearly got a drink.  She leaves for a moment and comes back saying, she' s "got all these other people to take care of, not just us". There were other staff taking other orders so we did not know what she was talking about.  We had to ask another employee for the rest of our food and sides that never came.  Getting drink refills was a burden on her.The kicker was during check out we asked to split the bill. She explained that it would be easier on her if we would just split it at the cashier. The cashier who was wearing an arm brace was also extremely rude saying that it would be much easier on her if we would just pay for it and sort it out ourselves. (There was no one in line checking out)I've had issues with the son and mother behind the counter as well. They are not friendly and seem to have a double standard about paying for pickups over the phone.  They will tell you they cannot take credit cards on the phone but when you come in to pick up your food you see them taking credit cards over the phone.The other issue with the call in orders is that the food must be sitting from over night because the consistency of the pitas and meat are stone cold when you pick up but warm and juicy when you dine in.
3	The 15th ave CJs is where I have always gone, with awesome pizza always!The Washington st. pizza was a little soggy and WAY over loaded with feta cheese.  It messed up the balance.  A sprinkling of feta that gets browned with proper toasting of the pizza is all that is needed on the Penelope... and a little more chicken.
4	I have walked by this place for 10 years and never stopped in...boy, have I been missing out!  I met a friend here for lunch this week and we both enjoyed the gyro pita with feta and steamed veggies...yum!  The service is not very friendly, but the food seems to make up for it.  Quick, convenient and priced right for a delicious lunch in downtown Phoenix!
1	I work across from this place. I ordered a "lunch Greek salad" that was advertised for $5.90, with FREE DELIVERY. When they delivered it, the price was $11.80!! Salad was $8.49 with $2.50 delivery. They had to WALK across the street...really?I called to question the price. She was very rude. I recommend this restaurant, to the patrons from our theater, all the time.  NEVER AGAIN!!  After seeing other reviews, I'm not surprised!! Go down to Cityscape. It's worth the 2 block walk!
1	We decided to stop by this place, since we were in the area. We ordered take-out, after noticing that we had time, we decided to sit down and eat. But the histess infront of the rest of the rest of the dine in customers informed us we had to leave because we ordered tae-out. The tables were for dine-in customers only. So we decided to leave and because if the way she handled thr situation, we decided to leave and ask for a refund. The cashiers gave us the managers number, (he was not in at the moment), he asked us to wait for him. The way we were treated, we just wanted to get out of there. So he called the store so they could give us a cash refund, instead of charging back to our card. I ran back in and spoke to the cashier, he asked if I had the ice tea, &; he needed it back!!! So I ran to the parking garage to get the ice tea! Horrible cystomer service!!!
5	OMG they have NEW OWNERS!!!!!  I am very pleased to say they replaced all the employees.  The terrible wait staff and front register blonde mean lady are gone baby gone!  Now when you walk in you are greeted with a smile and a warm welcome.  The service was great, quick and friendly. I always order the Chicken Feta Salad and it was great.  If you have not been there lately because you hated the service like I did, no need to worry anymore.  Give the new owner a chance, I bet you will not be disappointed.
4	Not bad!! Good value for the price and the my breakfast burrito was really good!! It came with hash browns for less than $6.
4	I have been going to Crazy Jim's for years and what has impressed me most is although under new ownership and management there has been no break in exceptional service or exceptional food! If it is possible, my all time favorites seem to taste even better. Maybe I'm just spoiled that my salmon is cooked just right every time on my feta salad. Without doubt, Crazy Jim's is by far one of Downtown Phoenix premier eateries!
1	Quality went down. Their curry lentil is TERRIBLE! It's like curry chicken without the chicken or anything else, just liquid. I called up and apparently it's supposed to be like that. I'm sorry but that is NOT curry lentil. The chicken feta salad is still decent but it is smaller now. I liked the vinaigrette that had seasonings in it and now its just oil and vinegar. I haven't had their pita sandwiches yet. I usually get the chicken feta pita but at this rate I probably will just save my money. The staff was nice and attentive before. The occasional new girl would suck but overall good service. I'm not sure about now. Haven't ate in yet because their prices are ridiculous!
