4	I'm the duke so i better write a review, I did a 2 week free pass and went everyday.  This place is really cool, all new equipment and its only staffed 10-7 but open 24 hours!  They give you a proximity badge thing you use and its great, you do your own thing and don't have to worry about annoying personal trainers and such (LA FITNESS - I HATE YOU).  I def recommend it but am waiting to fully sign up until more open because where im moving to soon will be too far :( , Hopefully we will meet again Anytime ...
5	This gym is just plain awesome.  Not too big.  Not too small.  Just the right size.  Look I've turned this review into the Three Bears Workout.  For those of you that have not been to an Anytime Fitness, they are just that.  Anytime.  You are given a key fob that will allow you to access any of their gyms nationwide anytime.  I go back to visit family in Oklahoma and can go to the gyms there.  The thing that I like the most is that when I went in to get a membership, the staff was beyond easy going.  No giant sales pitch.  No up-selling.  No gaming.  Just a "let me show you around the gym" and "here is our pricing"  Done.  They have a small class area upstairs that can be used for video based workout classes when they don't have live classes going on.  Pros-Open anytime you need because you have the key to the door.  -Cheap pricing.  -Good, well maintained equipment.-Clean changing rooms that are private.  No shared locker rooms.  Cons-No childcare. Might be a deal breaker for some people but I don't take my kids to the gym with me anyway-Staff hours are short.  Not necessarily a very big con but it would be nice if they had some days of early morning staffing.  -Cameras everywhere. I understand the reasoning for it as you may be there by yourself.  It's there for safety and also for protection of the equipment but you kind of feel like you are being watched at first.
5	Joined this gym a few months ago solely on the fact that it is a stone's throw away from my house, its very affordable ($55 per month for my wife and I), and its open 24x7.  The gym is awesome!  It has everything I need - nice free weights - new cardio equipment - always anti-bacterial wipes available - very clean - nice staff that seems very responsive - and as long as you shy away from 5-7pm I hardly ever have to worry about equipment not being available.  I most recently found out that when you become a member here you have access to clubs all over the US without an additional charge.  Not that I would use it much, but it is nice - usually most other clubs charge you additional fee to have this feature.
5	My experiences at Anytime have been far better than any at Lifetime Fitness. I love the private nature of this gym, and how every one is there to actually work out. I just wish it was closer to my house!
5	I joined this gym 2 months ago with a goal in mind: Get off the couch and lose some fricken weight.(I am on a strict diet plan)The results are: 38 lbs. less and I have 32 more to go. -Sign up was super easy, no hassle & $35 a mo. By myself.-3 free personal trainer sessions that can be used whenever (haven't use mine yet) but they teach you a routine and you can stick to it or do your own thing.-I can go to the gym whenever I have time and do my own thing without being judged or looked at as "someone who doesn't belong there."- the upstairs allows you to do floor exercises, with weights or on an exercise ball routines-they are getting a new on demand workout machine so you can select your specific type of exercises and go for it.The staff is incredibly helpful and easy to approach and ask questions about equipment use, upcoming events or just have someone to talk to about health and fitness. (Brad is pretty awesome)-Best feature is the available classes;Zumba (I go to all except Wed. Because of school)Kickboxing (this is a real intense workout but worth it)Boot Camp (love it, really difficult, but you go at your pace)Hopefully we will get PiYo back.-The showers and bathrooms are always clean and well stocked by management-Individual television screens on the elliptical, bikes, stair climbers and treadmills so bring you headphones. (The nice thing is if you forget your stuff, ie. towel, bottle, headphones, no one steals it and its probably on the front desk waiting for you)The convenience and location of this gym is fantastic. The other gym members are really personable, willing to welcome, and help motivate you to get moving. The instructors are well versed in their routines, incredibly pleasant to exercise with, and have made huge impacts on many people's lives by being supportive and motivating. I definitely would suggest this gym to anyone and recommend it to others often.
5	This place is great. Cheaper than the other gyms, very friendly and helpful staff that don't try wacky sales pitches like other gyms. A really nice quiet place to workout. No weird gimmicks, just a cool gym.
5	Great Gym been going for about a year !  Its by far the cleanest anytime fitness  gym I've been to here in the valley , i luv how they always cleaning ... and making sure the restrooms are disinfected and cleanse....
4	I used to go to this gym and I loved it! I would still be there if I still lived in the area. Everything is so clean and the staff is super friendly.
2	Due to unfortunate events at this gym, I am highly disappointed in the unprofessional goings on that have occurred here. I am satisfied with the way I was treated here but after careful consideration, I will seldom be using this facility.  Thanks for the memories and great friends but I am disappointed that one of the best trainers is leaving here.
