1	I had purchased a Crowdsavings voucher to try this company.  I had made an initial appointment on a Friday that I had off.  This had to be rescheduled by the company as they needed to use different staff.  We rescheduled for two weeks later when I was off again at 9am.  A week before, I receive an email switching the time to 1pm (No reason given) but I could make it work so I accepted.  I did inform them that I would not be home at the time, so I would leave a key for them.  I arrived home and the house had not been completed, nor had I received a phone call.  I called and left a message and received an email later that evening stating that the information had been forwarded to the cleaners but they must not have received it.  I was offered a refund or could reschedule yet again.  I resceduled for a week later at the time that was offered and again let them know that I was at work but would leave a key.  Once again a NO SHOW.  Requesting a full refund.
1	Can I rate them 0 out of 5?? HORRIBLE SERVICE FOR A COMPANY USING LIVING SOCIAL AS A WAY TO GET BUSINESS!!! I never write reviews, but I have to warn people that may have a Living Social coupon... I'd just request a refund and not WASTE YOUR TIME!! I had an appointment for one Saturday, and when I CALLED to confirm the day before, Carol told me she sent me an email a week ago stating the person I chose didn't cross the I15 (wtf??) and that I would have to chose someone else.. (I never got an email). So I booked the next Saturday and when nobody showed up 30 mins after the appointment I called and texted her, she gave me a lame excuse via text 15 mins later and said she would have 2 other people with her, so instead it would take them 1 hr instead of 3hrs for one person. Said they would be here in 45 mins...about 1 1/2 hrs later they showed up. No apology. Whatever. As far as the cleaning, they didn't even TOUCH one bedroom and bathroom, one of my kitchen counters still had crumbs on it, vacuumed HALF of the house (another wtf), didn't even take out the trash,  and were pulling off when I came back home after a trip to the store...and it probably wasn't even an hour later. Left me a card stating how much standard cleaning would be (yeah right!! hahaha). I wish I had read the reviews first and had just requested a refund, and not wasted my time.  So I am up this morning finishing cleaning my house. What a way to get the word out Vegas Sparkles (should be called Vegas Tarnish). Thanks for wasting my money and day!!
1	"If I could give this business no stars I would.  I bought a living social voucher for this company back in January.  It is nearly impossible to get an appointment with them. The nearest appointment was May 22.  All appointment must be made online, no phone calls are taken.  After my appointment was made, I received confirmation via email that I was booked for May 22 at 1pm.  As May 21 approached, I did not received a confirmation or phone call confirming my appointment with Rocky.  Emails were left and phone calls were placed.  No response back.  May 22 came and no one showed for my appointment.  I left an email, no response.  I called the main number 30+ times.  No answer and you cannot leave a message .  Finally I get a phone call from, Carole, stating that she received quite a few phone calls from this number.  I explained to her how upset I was, how rocky has not showed, no emails were returned and I took off of work to have my home cleaned TODAY.  She said she had no record of the appointment.  I told her I had an email confirmation from her company that my appointment was booked.  She said there was an error somewhere, she cannot get anyone out and that she sold over 2000 living social deals.   Obviously carole and Vegas sparkles  is incompetent in running a business and practicing any form of customer service.  She refused to refund me and said I needed to deal with living social. BEWARE of this company.  They are thieves.....
1	I wish I had taken the time to read these reviews before wasting my money!  I bought the Living Social voucher, too.  Scheduling was unfriendly and inconvenient.  You can never get a person on the phone - just an outgoing message saying the voice mail is broken (what is THAT?!) then when Carol finally answered the phone she said she couldn't talk to me and to go to the website, which is what I was trying to ask her about.  The gal finally shows up to clean my house - which, by the way, I have cleaned by my regular housekeeper every other week.  My house is new, very clean and uncluttered.  My regular girl takes 3 hours to clean the entire house and she never misses a spot!  I used to have a housecleaning service, and know what to look for!  So the Vegas Sparkles girls shows up and it took her 3 hours to clean 2 bathrooms (which are still dusty!) and vacuum one bedroom.   That's all she did in 3 hours!   wow.  NEVER AGAIN.  It was horrendous and I am extremely disappointed.
1	No one in my home was happy with your professional and customer service.  After contacting living social and stating this,  they claimed they  received more then enough complaints about your business that they would issue me credit.  Put more effort into your business and less trying to defend the crap service you provide.  It's companies like you that give all mom and pop businesses a bad name.  Stop hArrassing me and deal with the fact we as well as 100's of other customers are unhappy with the service you provide.
1	I purchased the coupon on Living Social.  I booked online and they never showed up.  I called to rebook and spoke directly to the owner.  She said she was busy and would call me back shortly.  I never heard back.  One star because I cannot get service.  Not sure how the quality would have been had they shown up but based on how they schedule appointments I would not expect much.
