3	WHY: To get that oil change! HahaWHERE: Charleston & Bruce (right inside the plaza)WHAT: Let's start here... I know the very least about cars and what lays under the hood! What I do know though- cars need to get smog checks and oil changes on occasion!After a very busy morning from school, I searched up the nearest and most convenient place to finally get that smog check and oil change in the quickest manner. Luckily, I found an ad in the newspaper, and this happened to be right where I needed to be!When I got there, I went inside and told them what I wanted and needed, and it seriously took them 20 minutes to get my car, what I needed done, and take my car out! I was amazed because that was the shortest wait I had ever experienced! Other than the wait, one of the workers (I believe he was the manager), talked to each customer one on one and told you what else was needed for your car (whether it be a maintenance, etc.). The cool thing was, he was really polite about it! So... YES, YES, AND YES! Kudos to such wonderful service!NOTE: Both smog check & oil change came out to be 29.95! Hella good or what?! Made my day! =D
2	Took my car in to replace the radiator that was blown out, was quoted $520 & I approved the job. They did a good job but they broke the entire hood release latch then stuffed it under the hood & worst of all they cracked my coolant reservoir which I didn't know about until my coolant light came on again. I took it back to their shop since everything was under warranty, I was told that the reservoir was cracked and it was going to be $200 to replace! Their rough mechanic broke it to begin with!!! I priced out the part on my own from VW & it was $40, I'm far from being a mechanic but it took me about 20 minutes to replace it since it was two rubber tubes that attach it and was located right underneath the hood, the manager was a little irritated I said no to the repairs which only needed to be done because of their own recklessness.
4	I've been going to Purrfect Auto for quite a few oil changes now, and I've NEVER had a problem with my $9.95 (sometimes w/coupon sometimes w/special deal) oil change. No weird sounds or leaks or anything crazy. What inspired me to write a review was Mark's excellent customer service. Though I needed some other work, I just went for the standard oil change. Mark not only told me what other work I needed (which like I said, I already knew so it was like he was trying to upsell me), he offered to show me what needed to be done. So I went under the carriage with him and his flashlight, and he showed me what also needed to be done under the hood. I have never in my life been shown exactly what needs to be done, and he was so kind and non-condescending.  The only reason I'm not giving 5stars is cuz I've never had anything past an oil change here, but when I do, I hope to add that extra star!
4	Took our car to Purr-fect for a smog check when we moved to Vegas from California.  They were great with the service, even though it was semi-busy, we were still out within half an hour, not to mention Mark pointed out that the car still had the original spark plug wires from 1997, and recommended we change them, but didn't try to push the service.  We need an oil change in a couple thousand more miles and will definitely be going back!!
1	Since this place was close by I chose them for a smog check. My check engine light was on, and apparently when that light is on it's an automatic fail. I didn't know this beforehand. Anyhow about 45 minutes later I was called into the shop and told my car looked fine, but I needed a flush and this and that. I said no, my car isn't fine, it overheats. So now the man (manager?) was now trying to sell me something else. So I told him I would think about it. I was walked over to the desk and he said since your check engine light is on it's an automatic fail. So wouldn't the right thing to do be to reject the car as soon as it was turned on and they saw the check engine light was on? I waited over 45 minutes for nothing? And then on my receipt it listed that I rejected tire rotation when it wasn't even offered. I will never, ever go back there!!
3	They were replacing the window motor in my ford explorer (a very simple fix). I even brought the part with me, and they got it in the garage right away with a quote of around $100, so at this point I was excited. It ended up taking over 2 hours to replace the part, and there were about 5 people trying to figure out the problem at different times. Many times the car was completely unattended in the garage for over 15 minutes at a time. When the car was finally done, the window control panel was all kinds of messed up, Im not sure exactly how that happened. Good price, but you get what you pay for I guess. I wouldnt recommend this place for any serious auto repairs. I wouldve given a 4 star before the window control panel situation.
