5	The store manager is soooo nice, helpful and kind.  I recommend this Aveda for your hair care, skin care, and makeup needs!  I usually don't head out to Chandler, but when I do.... I always go to Aveda!
5	I love Aveda! Well, I never shop there but recently I got an e-mail from their corporate office inviting me to try out some free samples. So, I took the e-mail and was helped by Anna. She took the time to listen to my concerns, mainly my dry frizzy hair problems and she showed me a few hair products. But that was not it...she actually used some products on my hair, gave me a nice neck and upper back massage, and used some calming liquid on my neck. It was friggin' awesome. I want to go back just for that experience. I totally felt pampered. I have used the samples I got from her and they are awesome too! Have you ever smelled their candle "Euphoric?" If you haven't you haven't lived baby! You will love the smell. Although I have not considered spending $25 dollars on a bottle of shampoo in like ten years, guess what...I am dying to go back to Aveda and buy their whole line!!! Best shopping, sampling experience at any retail store ever!
4	About 5 or 6 years ago, one of my lovely sisters surprised me w/ a lovely jar of Aveda Soothing Aqua Therapy for Christmas.  I'd always wanted to try the product, yet couldn't justify spending $24 on 16 oz. of bath salts (the price has since increased to $30).  The jar was part of a gift package, but Aveda really doesn't offer discounts on its products.  However, I do appreciate that I'm able to customize gift assortments to include specific products I know the person I'm gifting is particular fond of!  [If you''re ever stumped on what to get someone for the holidays, a birthday, or any other special occasion, try your luck at any Aveda location-- all the women I know love Aveda products (some say they don't, but secretly do and just hate having to pay premium prices for them!).  You say "But what if the person I'm gifting is a guy?"  Well, I'm going to let you in on a secret-- guys LOVE Aveda-pampering, too!  I know, bec. I've bought hair products, mint soaps, and after shaves from here, and even the most-macho guys grin from ear-to-ear when they find themselves the lucky recipients!  LOL]Anyhoo, back to that jar of soothing salts I was talking about... I've been rationing my usage of the salts for special occasions, such as when I run out of detoxifying generic Epsom salts*, or when my stash of Aura Cacia Pure Aromatherapy Foam Bath sampler pack doesn't particularly appeal to me at the time.  I am saddened to think that after tonight's wonderful bath, I only have enough for one more blissful soak :(  I know where I could get a brand-new jar for future baths, but some things in life are just more satisfying when they're gifted, don't you agree?  Hmm... Valentine's Day is just around the corner...I wish I could give this particular location 5 stars, but based on the last few visits (once or twice a year), I really can't, as the prior excellent level of customer service I'd received has considerably depreciated.  Gone are the enthusiastic, yet warm greetings, and rarely, if at all, am I greeted w/ a hot cup of licorice-mint tea, anymore.  But I still love the products, even though I almost-always now get them at Tempe's Moodswings salon...*Helpful tip:  Epsom salt baths are great after getting massages; a soak helps to significantly mitigate soreness you may sometimes experience after an intense session by reducing inflammation.  I know, bec. I used to say "OK/alright" when my ex-therapist would suggest a soak until I finally did one day, and wouldn't you know it, it really did help!  I now almost never go w/out a soak after a session, even if hours may go by before I get the chance!)
