2	I stopped here yesterday morning because I was attending an off-site training session.  Typical Starbucks.  On the way back, I bought some of that new Starbucks VIA instant coffee to try at the office.  VIA does not taste like brewed coffee, so Starbucks loses one star for that.
5	The barista was super sweet. I told her I wanted something new and she was a fountain of information. She made a lot of great suggestions and I told her to wing it. She went with a Caramel Brulee with two pumps of White Mocha. She also gave me a discount, which was awesome.I used an AirCard on the netbook and sat in Starbucks from 11am-2:30pm. I had headphones on and just zoned out. I was comfortable and wasn't disrupted at all.It seemed to get busy from 1pm-2pm so if you want to stop at this location, make sure to get there earlier so you can grab a seat.
5	I have a very very soft spot in my heart for this Starbucks.  I spent my whole college life and a little bit after serving up Market Square's best coffee, tea and assorted goodies!I know I'm totally biased but I really do feel like this is the best Starbucks in the city!  No other store has such a cozy feel to it.  I may have fallen asleep in the big comfy chairs by the fireplace a couple times.  I mean, it was hard slingin coffee all day!  Especially when you have to get up at 5 AM to be there at 5:30 AM (yeah, I totally rolled out of bed to go to work).  It gets SLAMMED around 6:30 or 7 with the before work crowd.  I can still remember people's faces and what they ordered.  I could never understand the woman who ordered a Venti (large) 8 pump white chocolate mocha with whip EVERY morning.  I guess girl needed her sugar to survive in the AM.  The nice thing is they're ALWAYS open.  Much to the chagrin of me and my coworkers with the madness of LIght Up NIght and St. Patrick's day drunken festivities.  But it's nice for the tourists to stop in and grab a quick drink and some advice on where to go downtown on a Saturday morning.  I'm thankful now when I'm downtown on a Sunday because I know it's one of the ONLY places open!  It's just a really great place to meet a friend to catch up or sit and study.  Plus they offer free wi-fi, which is always a plus!Just remember, Barista's are people too!!  Grunting out "tall coffee" instead of a hello doesn't usually fly as a good greeting.  Cheer up, you're getting caffeine soon!
4	This is a decent location if you happen to be near Market Square and you're craving Starbucks. It gets crazy busy and parking can be tough since it's in a touristy location, but the lines move pretty quick as they always seem adequately staffed.Unfortunately, this location has a limited retail area. We were looking to pick up some Verismo pods and they didn't carry any the last time we were there. Odd.
4	A good Starbucks.  There is always a line at this one due to it's location but they do a great job of getting people served quickly.  Today I had a salted camel mocha.  It was pretty amazing.This location also has a fireplace which is a nice touch for cold days.
3	A normal Starbucks.. A little cramped..
3	I have walked to this Starbucks several times since I started working downtown. When I generally have my coffee craving (around 2-3pm), the coffee shop is often crowded with a line of 10+ people waiting to order and another 10 waiting for their drinks. Though I've always gotten quality drinks from here, the wait times can be annoyingly long. I have also observed baristas working a little slower than I would expect with so many people waiting which adds to the frustration. However, I'm sure I'll be back... I can't resist Market Square!
4	Reviewing a Starbucks is probably as exciting as eating a dry sandwich for 7 consecutive weeks, but it's popping up on my Yelp all the time, hence I give in.4 stars for location, layout of the store, opening times.3 stars for availability of seating and handling the queue. I experienced 4+ minutes of queuing before placing the order.A definite plus is that the staff doesn't bug you to the try your regular coffee from the new "Clover" machine (yet), like they do in the 6th/Penn location.
1	Worst effin Starbucks on the block and their baristas suck at making drinks. Horrible customer service and they ALWAYS screw up our orders. I just don't understand why they're so lazy. I understand their comprehension level is low because of the lack of education though. But, if you hate your job, don't take it out on the loyal customers! Your life sucks, we get it, but you have ONE job at Starbucks, so do it right. It's not hard.
1	Came here for a "quick" breakfast on our way from the hotel to Fallingwater, and regretted the decision immensely.Extremely long lines, and poorly trained staff. As a former employee, I know about staff roles and approximately how long it should take to receive your drink. This staff was not trained at all, and it was clear that they were overwhelmed with the crowd. It took me 32 minutes for me to receive my order (there were 7 customers in front of me), and my order was incorrect. I ordered a small coffee, medium latte, a croissant and a sausage breakfast sandwich. I know that the sausage sandwiches heat up for about 40 seconds in oven, so I can't comprehend why it took so long to get my order. Would never come here again. I also received a WARM cheese danish instead of my croissant. First, the warm, creamy colored goo in the middle is extremely unappetizing, and second, they looked so dejected when I pointed out that I ordered a croissant I almost just left.Do not recommend.
2	Not exactly a fan of this location, however I tend to frequent it because of my work location, but I always leave unsatisfied.  The baristas are not friendly.  I'm always always always made to feel like I'm stupid (seriously?  i'm ordering coffee from you - who gave you a Masters Degree of all things brewed?)  and they're just rude.  Just.... rude.  I've never had an issue with my order being accurate, although again, just ordering coffee people.  I'm not asking you to recite the Gettysburg address.. in Latin.. backwards.  Just asking for a coffee.. congrats on getting it right!  I wwill also add that everytime I go in to this store, it smells.. bad.  real bad.  not like the delicious aroma of fresh brewed coffee.  No no.  You know those febreze commercials where they take the most disgusting atmosphere for smell and throw poor, unsuspecting victims in there to test the febreze-ee-ness of the area?  Yeah, it's like that.  Only with no febreze.  To sum it up, I would suggest if you're in the area and need some starbucks in your life, take a few extra steps and go to the one on the corner of 6th and penn.  Those people are SUPER friendly (gave me a free coffee on new years day because I was on my way to work and realized I forgot my credit card after I ordered for me and my coworkers.. so nice!) and it smells like a coffee shop should smell - like coffee.  WHOA.. mind. blown.
2	MARKET SQUARE.....The slowest, most inaccurate Starbucks that I've ever seen....how can you write an order on a cup and still get it wrong....I saw 3 wrong orders (including mine) in the 25 minutes that I spent waiting...I was 4th in a line of 10
5	Brittany was great! Fun personality, quick at getting you through your order, and super nice. We shared a little joke as I made my order - kind of hard to explain here - but made the mundane experience of ordering a coffee into a lot of fun, which is great because I was just heading off to the airport for a nice long vacation - started me off with a smile. :-)Best. Cashier. Ever.
