4	I'm not gonna comment on any of the food here but the service at this location is always fast and efficient. This is the nearest KFC to me since the one on Centennial closed down a little whille ago. I'm definetly not ashamed to say I loves me some KFC.
3	They have good specials!  $10 for a 10-piece any way you want it & $22.99 with 3 large sides.  I gave them less stars because of the 20-minute wait to get grilled ones.
4	Friendly cashiers that will greet you and take your order quickly, however, the food took a little while to come out (maybe 10-12 min) but the chicken was fresh, juicy and steaming hot when I received it and that never happens at KFC or most fast food places for that matter! It was definitely worth the wait, especially because the batter was extra crispy and tasty! The parking lot seemed a little dark so be careful when coming here at night. Other than that, there was plenty of parking, but they have a drive thru if you don't feel like parking.
4	Their original and grilled chicken are regular favorites in our house. It seems to be popular with everyone else, too, as I often have to wait an extra 10 minutes while they cook another batch. The staff is always friendly and efficient. The location is convenient, too.
1	Every time that I have attempted to order here I have been told that they are out of chicken breasts for the day! Are you kidding me? Close this place down!
5	Food is always good at the KFC on Aliante Pkwy and 215 :)
1	We live very close to this KFC and when you need something quick, you would think this would be the perfect place to go to.  Our order has been wrong the last 2 out of 3 times.  Every time we order chicken (its in the name of the place!) we are told it will be another 6 minutes which doesn't seem like that long, but it is a fast food place!  They then tell us to pull around and park in their parking lot and they will bring it to us.  It has gotten to the point that if we still go there, we actually look at the receipt to see what time we ordered, and on average...we get the food around the 12 minute mark, which is a good ticket time at an actual sit down restaurant.  Our last visit we forgot to check the food before we got home, and it was wrong once again.  My wife took the bag back to KFC and was greeted by an unapologetic, rude manager who made it seem to be our fault.  As much as we like KFC, it is getting tougher and tougher to keep going back with a downward spiral in customer service
