3	Food is okay.  The building is old though.
2	Chicken was undercooked when we received it, and then came back overcooked when we asked them to touch it up. The pupusas were claimed to be their specialty, but were mostly cheese. The black bean rice and bean dip both were really good.Decor and ambiance are minimal.  Service was slow.  But they did seem to have a steady stream of customers.  Not busy, but not empty either.I doubt we will return here.
4	Stopped in to get my pupusas fix. I got the combo of 3 pupusas with rice and beans for $7.95. They had about 10 different pupusas to choose from. I chose: revuelta (cheese, beans & chicharron), steak and cheese and a pork and cheese. I ordered mines to go, and it took a while. Definitely not a place if you're in hurry. I had to wait at least 15 minutes but that's understandable, pupusas usually takes a while to cook. The pupusas were pretty large. Honestly I made 3 seperate meals out of this one combo. They are served with salvadorean slaw and curtido (a red salsa). The slaw here is fresh and crunchy. It's tasty and great with the pupusas. It also had a distinct oregano flavor that I haven't tasted in other slaws. My favorite of the 3 was the revuelta. The three ingredient filling worked really well together. The sides were good, as well. The rice was nice and fluffy and the beans were pretty awesome. It was a little thinner in consistency than normal refried beans but the flavor was pretty damn good. Maybe thats what made the revuelta pupusa my favorite of the 3, the awesome beans they use.This restaurant would probably rank 3 stars on my pupusas radar but giving the limited el salvadorean restaurants in Phx, it makes it 4 stars.*If you never had a pupusas I'd probably describe it as a stuffed sope that's crisp up on both sides like a quesadilla.
1	Food is ok, however, the customer service was the worse I ever had. We had to get our own menus and they took forever to get our food. Poor customer service, poor infrastructure, high prices. That was the first and last time for that place.
1	Pupusas were ok, nothing out of this world though. The service, however, was horrible. I had to stand up and get the waitress' attention several times. My husband ordered a shrimp dish that was over priced and tasteless. When we went to pay they had charged us this $13 dish twice! In regards to the aesthetics, the building was old and the chairs were wobbly. WE WILL NOT BE RETURNING.
5	I wasn't sold on pupusas the first time I had them so I asked for some condiments to go along with the 2 I had. After adding sour cream (crema) and avocado I was sold! While I like the pupusas my absolute favorite thing they make is the beans. I don't know what they do to them or what type of bean blend it is (black, red) but they're awesome! I get them on the side or with my carne asada (my 2nd favorite thing they make). Give it a try, you won't be sorry!
5	If there was an option to give them 10 stars, I would. Food just like my grandmother used to make it. Pupusas are really great. Must have if you're having Salvadoran food. A regular to all their locations.
