3	I'm always looking for a new Chinese restaurant. My husband and I were cruising down South Boulevard and saw grand opening streamers flying in the parking lot of Bei Jing Chinese so we thought we'd try it out.The atmosphere is open and moderately, yet nicely decorated. I'm sure that being a new restaurant they are still working on making it a more warm space. Depending on the time you go, the windows are not shaded so you'll get the sun right in your face. In addition, as we were eating there was just something out of place. It hit me! There was no ambiance music; however, they do have a tv on the wall. The food was good, not greasy or oily. The vegetables were fresh! The portion size was good. Service was friendly. They offer take-out and it seemed like that was the popular choice the night we went. It's a nice little addition in South End!
4	Went here because I can pick it up on the way home. I wasn't expecting anything great, probably around the level of China Saute (from a years ago). I was very surprised! The veggies are very fresh and all the breaded chicken dishes are just right. It's not greasy or overly breaded. I have tried about five different dishes and they were all delicious.
3	When the fridge is bare and we're not in the mood for pizza, hubs and I typically scan the Chinese restaurant menus. Since we're just around the corner from Beijing, we thought we'd give it a solid, college try. We looked up their website (www.beijingcharlotte.com) and were pleasantly surprised that their menu was available online. We scanned through and ordered the Crab Rangoon, General Tso's Chicken, Shrimp Fried Rice and Beef w/Mixed Vegetables. What can I say, our fridge was reeeaaallly bare, we wanted leftovers! I wish their website offered dish descriptions of each item. It would be helpful to know what exactly composes Schezwuan Beef. Hubs went to pick it up, as they do not have delivery service as of yet. A local food review mentioned that they were hoping to add that service in the near future. While I didn't pick up the food, hubs said that the place was decent inside. Nothing crazy, but a comfortable spot to stop for some quick food. Our food was ready in ten minutes - nice! Once our Chinese feast was brought home I tasted each dish. The General Tso's was my favorite of all the dishes. It's not the healthiest menu item, but the chicken had a well-spiced sauce on it and it wasn't heavily breaded. I could have handled more heat, though. The shrimp fried rice was just ok, I was expecting more veggies and egg within the dish. It was mostly shrimp, fried rice and chopped onions. The crab rangoon was quite tasty but the beef with mixed vegetables was fairly bland. I don't want to write off this place just yet, as their dishes were prepared fresh and none were greasy at all. I think I'll try a few new items next time and maybe ask for a bit more heat in my dish.
4	Most people know that when you're sick you should eat chicken noodle soup. However, how many of you know that Chinese restaurants make the best chicken noodle soup! I had the soup from Bei Jing last week and it was top notch.A few days later I was feeling much better and went to Bei Jing for dinner with friends. Everything was delicious, the restaurant super clean, and the staff friendly and helpful.  I've never seen it packed in there either as I drive home from work so I hope they are doing well because we need this place in Southend. Delicious!
4	Tried this place for the 2nd time last night and enjoyed it as much as the first. Both times I ordered take out. The place never looks busy (people sitting there eating), but the amount of people standing around waiting for take out is amusing. People are wearing suits or gym clothes...no matter...people just flock for good Chinese. Nothing over the top, but it's an extensive menu and I've never gotten sick here, which puts it at 4 stars in my book...ha! Menu is online too, so no worries if you don't have a menu. Easy parking for pick up too. Recommendations for food...General Tso Chicken...order the dinner special, as it comes with soup and an egg roll too. Smaller portion, but all of the items above for $9. Sa Cha beef is good too!Recommendations for business...offer delivery. :) (not available now)
4	Finally some spicy Chinese in Charlotte!  Their Szechuan Beef has a real kick.  Their fried rice that comes as a side with entrees isn't very exciting but the order of pork fried rice is great.  Egg rolls are a little pre-fab but I like the soups.  And the pot stickers are huge and flavorful!Been back twice and this looks like a new trend in my dining out repertoire.  They really spruced up the interior of the building and it's a fun eat-in experience or you can pick up.  Unfortunately they don't deliver just yet but hopefully that's coming soon.
4	Move over Panda Express-I've finally found my go to place for Chinese carry out! After many failed attempts with Chinese take our in Charlotte, I visited Bei Jing for take out and will be paying them more visits in the future. Not only do they have a huge menu with standard items plus some I've never heard of but they also offer lunch specials every day (dine in or to go). Another thing I like is they offer dinner specials that won't clear out your wallet and with that you get the entree, fried rice, eggroll AND your choice of soup. And the entree comes in a snazzy, durable container that will bring me more use in the future. I got the sesame chicken dinner and loved that it came with fresh veggies (I am using the plural loosely as it was only two pieces of broccoli but don't mind because it was so green and fresh and not drowning in sauce). The egg roll was a mini eggroll but really, after all that food, I don't need an eggroll on steroids. The hot and sour soup was standard but it seemed spicier than other places and left my nostrils clear and pleased. The dinner portion was huge which left half for me to enjoy later. The cherry on the sundae was my fortune, I usually get a crappy, transparent fortune and for once, got something that actually made a little sense.An array of menu items+ generous portions +tasty food+ quick service = a happy, full me.
3	Due to location (convenience factor) I decided to check out Beijing instead of my usual fave Ho Ho Cherry House.I ordered the Sesame chicken (extra crispy) and was pleasantly surprised that for 8 and change you receive a generous portion of chicken, fried rice, egg roll, choice of soup - I went won-ton, and even a little steamed broccoli. Ho ho cherry house doesn't offer soup or broccoli- so I was really pleased.My order took only 10 minutes - and it tasted cook-to-order. I really enjoyed their egg-roll's - definitely better than Ho-Ho's.They use more than just cabbage which is key. The rice was tasty- and the soup was awesome! I actually gave some to the girls that I was babysitting and lets say Ive never seen a 4 year old  down won-ton soup broth versus the chocolate ice cream in front of her! Where they fell off the wagon was the crispiness factor. Unfortunately, that is kind of my main test for Chinese and the chicken just wasn't crispy at all. I would hate to see what it would be like if I didn't order extra crispy- it would have been mush! I also didn't care for the sauce as much as Ho-Ho's.The sides were all cooked so well- and you can't beat the price or the location so I think id try it again and really stress the EXTRA crispy part!
4	Good, fast, simple Chinese food. Nothing fancy but really good for what it was. Service was quick and the staff was friendly.
4	Huge portions, cheap food, great service, and the food is good too! Stopped in when we found a coupon and it's a great find. We'll definitely be back!
1	"If you're going to get Chinese, NEVER trust anywhere with a name like Bei Jing. C'mon, it's basic sense."That was what my friend said after I described the terrible take out I was given. I didn't think I'd have to inspect the food before taking it out. If I had been dining in and had been served this? I would have sent it back and complained- a lot.I got the Tofu w. vegetable. The tofu was sort of just added to the sauce (not prepared with it) and the vegetables added were literally the "peas and carrots" you'd find in the frozen section of a grocery store. Cubed carrots and strange textured peas. The sauce even had a strange texture to it. And then the duck sauce that was added to the bag was expired. Awful x 2. I definitely recommend looking elsewhere.
5	Love this place.  Very cheap and very delicious.  For just $6.95 you can get just about any kind of classic Chinese entree imaginable with an egg roll and rice.  For that price, I wasn't expecting much. But I was pleasently surprised and have ventured back several times since my first time there.  Everyone remembers their first time.  Great spot for a quick, cheap and tasy lunch for all you peeps in the South End and Downtown.I recommend General Tso's Chicken... I know, I know.... BORING.  But it is absolutley delictable here.
3	I wouldn't say it's the best chinese around but they are fast, efficient and clean.  They offer a decent lunch specials menu for under $10 and because parking is easy, you can easily get in and out during lunchtime in under 40 minutes (if you want).  The dishes that I have had are cashew shrimp, moo shu vegetables, vegetable lo mein and hot and sour soup.  I was satisfied with all of my choices.  They do offer brown rice make sure you specify that you do not want fried rice.
3	I've driven by this place a million times and would have ventured nearly as many guesses that I would never eat at a place called Bei Jing.  First, I don't really like to eat MSG-ridden Chinese food.  Electric red sweet and sour chicken and General Tso's chicken have never interested me.  Second, the look of the place kinda freaked me out.  But when the lady wants hot and sour soup and the fridge is lacking hot and sour soup, I can and will become interested in Bei Jing.  Hot and spicy soup.  Delicious.  Wonton (I nearly typed wanton, which is something altogether different) soup.  Delicious.  Pork dumplings.  Pretty delicious.  Chicken fried rice.  Simple and pretty delicious.  Unlike most other fried rice, there was not a bag of frozen peas and carrots thrown in this rice.  And it was all quite cheap.  Will I eat here again?  Yes.  Will it be soon?  No.  Will I ever eat General Tso's chicken or chicken that looks like it has been dipped in cherry compote?  No.  Is Beijing one word or two?  It all depends on whose awning you're reading.
3	Very difficult to find good Chinese food in Charlotte, or at least one that will deliver to my house. Wife was running errands, so she stopped at Bejing and figured we would give it a shot. My wife liked her dish (hunan chicken), but i wasn't a huge fan of mine (sa cha chicken). There wasn't anything wrong with the dish though. I tried something i hadn't had previously and just didn't like the flavor. I would try another dish at Bejing again to give it a second try.
4	I was in the mood for some Chinese food but only a small portion so elected to try out the Fried Wonton appetizer. It was very good. The portion was perfect. I actually ate it for my lunch. It was hot outside so I didn't want anything that would make me feel too full in the heat. It was perfect. I like the flavor. They were very crunchy and the filling wasn't too spicy. I did see that they offer luncheon specials which are very reasonably priced. I will have to come back when I have more time. It was a small but very clean place and the service was excellent.
4	First and foremost, they get points simply for being open 7 days a week until a reasonable hour. What is up with places closing at 6 on Sundays? Who's done eating by 6? Sometimes I haven't even had breakfast by 6.I am a huge fan of their Dinner Specials. You get an egg roll, soup, an entree, and a fortune cookie for under $10. Mine usually lasts me at least 2 days- that is, if I don't end up eating the leftovers the same night. (How do you distinguish between eating leftovers, and just taking a breather? How much time needs to pass between meals?)I also, as a general hater of restaurant websites, find their website pleasantly well-organized and informative. Hours, location, menu, types of payment, tasty pictures of food, and printable coupons. Winning. They do deliver, but since I can see their building from my front door, I pick up. It's about a 7-minute walk and they always have my food ready to go by the time I get there. The only down side is I can't eat my egg drop soup on my 7-minute walk back home.
2	Hungry for chinese food mid afternoon on a Sunday, the proximity of Beijing to my house made it rocket to the top of my list. After looking at the menu, we realized we could still get the lunch special (which comes with eggroll) and decided to order some appetizers. Super pumped it would be ready in under 15 minutes, but everything kinda dwindled after that.We both got a chicken & veg dish (moo goo gai pan and chow mein), but since the only starch in either was fried rice, the only difference between ours was the vegetable selection. Yes, the sauce tasted exactly the same, like thickened water with a touch of chicken flavour. We also ordered the steamed dumplings, which were good but the top to the sauce wasn't put on all the way so we were forced to eat them dripping in pure soy and sodium. We also ordered a salad with ginger dressing (I know, I know, from a chinese restaurant) but the "dressing" was so thick it was just like eating shredded marinated ginger on lettuce. You win some, you lose some. And the eggrolls were HT freezer section material, definitely could go without next time.I know we didn't chose heavily fried and sauced items that usually can't be messed up, but a good Chinese restaurant knows how to infuse flavors into even its lighter dishes, and that wasn't the case here.
3	First time eating here, and I am torn. The food was ready for pick up in about 5 minutes. I like that lunch specials come with the rice and all in the same container. Beef w/ broccoli was just OK... Could have used more sauce. Will definitely go back though, lots of potential here!
4	When in a Chinese Restaurant for the first time I would like to know about Hunan!  When a "Hunan" sauce has black beans, it is usually a GOOD Sign!  If it has Bok Choy, Mmmm I do not need any more persuasion...  Asking about this one, my Waitress offered (without me asking) "this one has Black Beans"!  Hunan Beef Please!The Beef was good, I do not know how they cooked it, I'm guessing a lot, though it was not over cooked, it was a preparation I have little experience with.  I got them to leave out the vegetables I do not like (broccoli and snow peas) and yeas it had Bok Choy... The vegetables were Very CRISP, unlike so many places, these were perfectly cooked!  The flavor of the Hunan Sauce was very good, not great, though it beats most places for this dish! The service was very good!  My Waitress asked How i liked everything and I told her I did and she said "but will you come back?" I said "probably not"... Only because I would rather have Vietnamese, Thai or Korean (in that order) if it is Asian themed food!For Chinese I'm giving them 4.45 stars because they are better than almost all Chinese places I have eaten!  Of  course I enjoy Vietnamese, Thai and Korean more, though I do not believe it is fair to compare!  For the price this place gets close to 5 yelp stars for Lunch!
2	On the one hand, the service is always friendly and helpful, and the portions are generous. On the other hand... well, the food is a mixed bag. Vegetables are usually crisp and flavorful, but the preparation of the meat and seafood leaves a good deal to be desired. Their salt-and-pepper shrimp is far greasier than it should be. Their chicken, too, suffers. Every time I go it's a little too overcooked and bland.So if you go, I would recommend sticking with vegetarian fare. They do a decent job with that.
4	Good food for a good priceGuess its hard to mess up General Tsos Chicken, but you can't beat the price for the amount you get. I haven't dined in as of yet (decent size sit down with not much to look at), and don't plan to anytime soon. 4/5 since the ambience is just ok
3	Accidentally ordered food from another Chinese restaurant and showed up here to pick up my food.  The manager fired out my entire order in 10 mins. So thumbs up for service.Food was fine and price was good.
3	Solid Americanized Chinese take out.  They are a little pricey but the food tastes fresh and take out orders are made fast.
2	This place is your standard American Chinese cuisine. Honestly, nothing too special about any of it. I must note, however, that the spring rolls are not too shabby.
4	Open till 11pm on the weekend - you go, Beijing!We stumbled upon this little Dilworth place after me growing up passing it by (Dilworth Elementary Grad '95!!!).The decor is boring, seating is limited and parking is odd (behind the building!), but the service and food were quick and spot on! General tso tofu from here was not only huge in portion but big on flavor. And finally, a place that hears "Very Spicy" when I say "Extra Spicy!".Will definitely be coming back here for my late night Chinese fixes!
3	When I'm not in South Park, I'm usually in south end or uptown. My friends and I saw Beijing while driving down South blvd one day and thought to give it a try. We went in for lunch and had a good experience...so we came back a number of times. Now it's time for me to give them props :)The restaurant is very clean and well lit. When we've gone there (usually at lunch time it isn't super busy) and we've gotten great service. Very attentive. They seem to get a ton of business from takeout orders. I give a lot of credit to the servers because from what I've seen they're responsible for guests dining in and dealing with phone/takeout orders. Not easy to do. In any event the service has always been great.The food...To be honest I can't really speak on their selection. I haven't really perused the menu too much. The lunch specials have been too appealing to look beyond them. I've tried a couple of things on the lunch specials menu and they have yet to disappoint. Not only were they good entrees, but the portions are big and they come with choice of Rice, choice of soup and an egg roll. I know that it's not uncommon for Chinese restaurants to have lunch specials which include those things, but it's always nice to get value for your $$$. Good food + good portions + sides for a low price = great deal. Now to be fair, the food doesn't blow me away. It's good, and it's better than mall food court asian food in terms of quality of ingredients and taste, but doesn't necessarily stand out compared to other traditional sit-down Chinese places that I've tried. But I've always had a good overall dining experience there and the food is always meets my expectations. It never disappoints. If I could I'd give it a 3.5 I've done carry out from them as well. No complaints there either. I fully expect to eat there again.
1	Fried rice had no egg. Egg rolls were soggy with little filling. They forgot my white rice with my meal. Take out comes in plastic, not white cardboard. Closest Chinese to us, but we will not be returning.
4	Typical Chinese fast food joint. I ordered the usual chicken and broccoli lunch plate with fried rice. It's comes with an egg roll. Since I hate Chinese egg roll. It's nothing like our egg rolls I tend to try to get the soup instead. But here, you can't substitute the egg roll out with soup which is a bummer. Customer service is great and effective. They're tentative and fast. Perfect place to grab a quick bite during lunch.,
3	I wanted to like this place, considering there is a severe shortage of cheap Chinese place near my work. My coworker and I came here the other week for a quick to-go order. I had the tofu with veggies lunch combo ($5.95). The brown gravy was so thick I couldn't even get it to spread over the rice.  Someone went a little heavy handed with the corn starch. It tasted ok for how bad it looked.  I love the tofu, the portion was ok, the best part of the lunch was probably the spring roll.  I seriously hope the gravy problem was a one time thing, yet it will be a while before I go back to find out.  The sad part is the gentleman who greeted us and took our order was super nice and said he wanted to see us back...
5	For the nearly two years that my wife and I have been in Charlotte, we have been searching for excellent Chinese cuisine, with little positive results. We have finally found it in Beijing Chinese Cuisine.My wife ordered the Shrimp with Lobster Sauce and I had the General Tso's chicken - unimaginative, I know, but it's my first time and I wanted to scale this with something with which I was already familiar. This was literally one of the best General Tso chicken dishes I had ever had -- every morsel was cooked to perfection. My wife's Shrimp with Lobster Sauce was just as excellent. She ate every bit, and this is from someone who normally carries half of her meal home for later. Yes, it was that good.Our waitress was friendly and attentive. The place is small, but neat, just outside of Uptown Charlotte on South Blvd. We were seated near the window so we had the added amenity of seeing the uptown traffic and the people walking by. A large-screen TV was tuned to a kids' movie, which was somewhat distracting, but not badly so.We are definitely planning a return visit to Beijing Chinese within the very near future.This experience was worth the 12-mile drive from south Charlotte.
3	This is the best cheap Chinese food you can get. Typical meals cost about $10 and there will be leftovers for your fridge. I am a regular and enjoy the General Tso Chicken (typical American). Give it a shot if you are just looking for some cheap, quick and easy takeout for yourself. I will also add that the staff is quite friendly and hardworking.
1	I was so hopeful when taking a job a couple of years ago and also living very close to this place and have visited this restaurant about 8 times in the 2 years. Disappointed each and every time. I love egg fu young and the first time I got it was decent for a fast food style chinese restaurant. The next 2 times was terrible. Burned on the outside, dry on the inside and the gravy had the consistency of peanut butter. Sweet and sour pork is just ok, more breading than pork, sesame chicken was bland and overcooked. My last visit on 1/28 was perhaps the most disappointing of all. I walked in to order take out. I ordered sweet and sour pork and vegetable lomein. Got my order and got home to find vegetable fried rice instead. First let me say they do not seem to use regular rice, it's more like instant rice in all their dishes. I have never gotten anything with actual fresh vegetables, the have to be either frozen out of a bag or come from a can. The only difference in the vegetable fried rice is they add some soggy broccoli and and those little corn cobs out of a can. Otherwise it was simply a big pile of fried rice. The only thing consistent about this place is that the portions are large and it's cheap if that's your thing. To me cheap and quantity is still a waste of money if it is not good. I will not go back and it's a shame because it is convenient to me. Instead I'll pay a little more and get fresh Chinese/Asian food from one of the Asian fusion places in Uptown.
1	So, one star is hard for me to give, but Beijing was an utter disappointment. Livin in the area, I love trying new places and Chinese, even better. So, driving home Friday night I spotted Beijing. Got home, checked out the menu and called for pickup. I ordered the Shrimp with broccoli dinner special which includes rice, egg roll, and your choice of soup. I chose the spring roll and wonton soup. I was quoted 15 minutes and when I arrived my order was ready. And, there were multiple people picking up orders as well as diners in the restaurant. A good sign in my mind, not!The wonton soup was brown, see photo. Never having seen a brown soup I was a little nervous and I was right, nasty taste. The rice was so blah and the shrimp and broccoli was covered in a thick brown sauce that has a horrible taste and the shrimp tasted very fishy. As for the spring roll, pure grease. All I will say is the fortune cookie was the only thing about the meal I enjoyed. I will definitely not be back. Bummer, because it is convenient to me.
5	Beijing is by far our favorite Chinese restaurant in Charlotte. We'd tried several others in our search for quick takeout Chinese food restaurant and once we found Beijing, we stopped looking. I love that they have dinner specials that include an eggroll, soup and fried rice, most places only offer those during lunch. So far everything we've ordered has been great - wonton soup, pork with garlic sauce, lo mein, sesame chicken, chicken with vegetables, shrimp with garlic sauce (HUGE shrimp - not the tiny little shrimp you get at some other places), beef with broccoli - to name a few. This may seem really trivial, but we love their eggrolls. We moved to Houston for 4 years and couldn't find decent eggrolls anywhere (we like the softer skinned, "bumpy" ones vs. the hard, thin-skinned, overfried small eggrolls.) I will say their wonton soup broth is extremely brown, which was off-putting the first time, but it's delicious.I also like that they have a website, I always find myself losing paper menus so it's convenient to be able to look it up on my phone and call in a to-go order.
1	Ugh, I should have known better. As soon as I walked in the door I was smacked in the face with the 90.5 Sanitation rating. Do you know how many infractions have to happen to get a 90.5??? A ton, that's how many. So there I was, paralyzed between my good judgment and my crippling craving for a nice beef with broccoli. So I took a gamble and tried Beijing. The lunch price was just $7 or so which included an unimpressive spring roll that left grease on the tongue, brownish rice (I suspect it was not actually brown grain rice but soy colored rice) and a fatty beef with broccoli in a slimy thick sauce with too much thickener and fake (canned) garlic taste and other fake flavors. Oh man... It left me unsatisfied and disappointed. I should have known I couldn't scratch the itch to have good Chinese in anemic Charlotte. One thing I miss terribly about California is truly good authentic Chinese and Mexican. So I guess I'll stick with sushi, Thai and Vietnamese. But I digress... Now I know better than to eat at Beijing again (though they have a convenient location and wicked fast service. I will head to Taipei Express or China 88 next time to get mediocre Chinese instead of blatantly bad (and possibly dirty) Chinese. Bummer.
1	Inedible. You get a lot for your money but no reason to eat any of it, not good quality.
5	Very good food, clean place, good service. Great for take out. It is somewhat overpriced, but you will not find many options in this area
1	Review pending.
4	Went to Bei Jing for lunch today for the first time. I ordered the General Tso's lunch combo and also fried wontons. The fried wontons tasted like every other friend wonton out there. The General Tso's was pretty good considering I like my chicken to be slightly breaded but friend enough to have a little harder of an outside. It wasn't rubbery like a lot of places make it. The fried rice was really soft and fluffy like it was uncle bens that was cooked for slightly too long.
