5	So I've had a bad day...all of a sudden finding a nasty scratch all the way across both my side doors...the guys at the dealer recommended body shop are quoting 4 figure repair bills.Lucky me, I gave "We Fix Ugly Bumpers" call.  Claudia shows up right at my drive way...and for a reasonable price fixed the scratch right there while I wait in the comfort of my own home.  The name may be "ugly"...but now my little Subaru is beautiful again.The only down side is that  they only do minor bumps & dents.  You'll have to go elsewhere for major body work.
5	Another nasty auto day...and another raving review of Claudia and team at We Fix Ugly Bumpers.So we were driving a van that just simply died right in front of an intersection...Claudia coincidentally happen to be pulling out of a nearby plaza and some how recognized the distraught people stranded in the middle of the street as former customers...she pulled right over and tried to help...she and her partner even went so far as to drive to the nearest gas station and brought us back some gas in case the problem was simply that the van ran out gas...alas that wasn't the case and we ended up calling AAA for a tow.Claudia then gave us an ice cold bottle of water to tide us over while we waited.  What fantastic people.
1	NEVER USE THIS SERVICE!Last summer, I was going to turn in my Jeep because my lease was up.  I had some scratches on my bumper that needed to be buffed out, before the car went back.  I searched yelp and found this place, and decided to give it a go.I intially called and talked to Claudia in May (I think that was her name) and said that her and her husband were the owners. I told her what I needed and I would like to set something up to get my bumper buffed out and fixed.  She told me that I should hold off on doing the work until the month before I turned it in so that way in case another scratched happened, I would have to pay her twice. (my car was going to get turned in around September, FYI)Claudia also said that she only services Scottsdale, and that I need a driveway to fix my bumper in.  I told her that I live in an apartment, and wondered if she had an alternative location that I could drive to, and have her work on my car.  She also stated that she will not drive down to Tempe, since she ONLY works in Scottsdale, and that the 101 was to far for her "service" to drive.  Um, really?  (red flag #1)  Claudia also told me that if since I was an apartment dweller and lived in Tempe, I would have to meet her at her storage shed in Fountian Hills and she would do the work there.Anyways, a few months went by, and it was finally August.  It was time for the car to get fixed.  I wanted it done before labor day so that way I could turn the car in sometime in September.  I called Claudia since I had already spoken to her before.  She remembered me, and told me that she would be unable to help me.  I asked her why?  She said that the storage unit mgmt had changed in July, and they wont let her work out of it for customers like me any more. (really? Red Flag #2) She said unless I had a friend who had a house and a driveway to work out of, then she would not be able to service me.Personally, I think Claudia is a fraud.  She was misleading, and I dont trust her response about the storage shed. She claims to be a mobile service company, but picks and chooses where she wants to service.  Plus, her storage shed line I thought came across as a bunch of BS.  She blew me off the first time in May telling me to wait, then told me in August that things changed on her end with the storage shed.Dont waste your time with this one. EVER.
