5	I hired this guy to photoshoot the products for our bakery. He was refeered by my friend. He did a great job at my friends wedding. Being a professional wedding photographer he also did a great photoshoots of our bakery products for our webpage. And he was very affordable. I will defenetly recommend him.
5	This dude really knows his stuff. Has great taste, editing skills and his rates were better than a couple of others I called. Took excellent family photos as well as some snapshots of our business. Sense of humor, not so much, but i got what I asked for, 5 shiny stars from me.
5	I needed some fashion pics for my work and I was looking for good photographer. I found him on FB . He got a nice portfolio. It was really nice shooting with Suren. Everybody liked results.
5	I did a Maternity shoot with Suren his concept was very sensitive yet artistic. During a shoot that had potential to be uncomfortable or awkward he maintained an extreme level of professionalism and helped me to feel very comfortable. My pictures turned out absolutely amazing an I couldn't be more pleased with the result. BIG thanks Suren I highly recommend his services and hope to work with him again soon!!!
5	I just recently did a fashion photography shoot with Suren and had an amazing experience! Very professional and gives great direction. He knew exactly what he wanted the shoot to look like and we did just that. Great photographer!
5	We used SurenProPhotography for our professional pictures in the office and we were all very pleased with his work. It was a pleasure to work with him. He was very professional and understanding to our needs. The quality of the photos came out better than we had expected. I will definitely be using his services again for future events.
5	Hi my name is Gev, I do model here in las vega, and had a chance to work with Suren few times, and it was a one of my great experience, he knows what it takes to get a great pics, lighting and all the rest, very friendly and tema player.I really recommend any of his services.Thank you!
5	Suren is such a talented artist. He gives his all in every shoot and he loves what he does. He will not quit a project unless it comes out just as he wanted it to. Just a truly amazing person to work with. I was lucky enough for him to fly over to Armenia do shoot my wedding. The pictures came out magical. I could not ask for more. Just an amazing artist  and amazing person. Beautiful pictures and amazing Photoshop skills. You can tell that he really loves what he does and he does it with passion. Thank you Suren!
5	Suren is very creative and it's very easy to work with him. He has a positive attitude and a ton of energy. Was a great pleasure working with him, even though I'm not a big fan of posing in the pictures. Good quality photos for a very reasonable price. Would definitely recommend him.
5	I needed a photographer when my family came to visit me. My friend suggested me to contact Suren. He service was not cheap but totally worth it. He did a perfect job, the pictures came out so good that they didn't even needed additional retouching. I received the pictures in a few days and we were very happy with them. I am definitely going to contact him again and recommend to my friends.
5	So where do I start? As if wedding planning isn't stressful enough- interviewing vendors was the last thing I wanted to do with my time. We had met with a few photographers and I knew within a a couple of min that Surik would be perfect. It wasn't just his resume but his demeanor and his calm, cool, collected energy that I knew would be perfect for our wedding day. The first time we met, we all sat at Starbucks just chatting for over an hour. That's just the type of person he is.On our wedding day, I was running hours late and in a panic but somehow Surik had gotten most of the other pictures done- so even though we only had about an hr to spare, we got everything done and more. He always gently directed us and found the smallest moments to capture. I just got my pictures today and I'm blown away by all the of special moments he's captured. I'm so grateful that we had him for our special day- he captured the day so perfectly. People always say that this day flies by- and they're so right. I'm just so grateful we had Surik to get it all on camera.
