3	I usually don't rent from this company for personal preference reasons.  However, I used hotwire.com to make my hotel and car reservation and this vendor was selected.  So I went along for the ride so to speak.  I noted some stark differences upon check in.  For instance, I usually elect to use my own insurance when renting a car.  To supplement I will purchase LDW or the loss damage waiver so that if anything happens to the car, I can walk away and pay nothing.  At Budget, they wanted to charge me $23.99/day for the LDW coverage.  This is outrageous considering its in North Carolina and in the Bay Area I recently paid $6.99/day for the same coverage.  Other than the anxiety about having to pay the deductible if I got into an accident.  The experience was uneventful.  The staff was as expected-bored to death with the daily routine.  Given the choice, I'll try and rent from another car company but for the price of $15.00/day one can't beat the deal.
4	I was very happy with my experience with Budget, especially after my awful experience with Avis a few months ago at CLT. I was actually able to pick up the car at their Winston-Salem location and drop it off at Charlotte Airport without a single additional fee or hassle. Booking online was incredibly easy and the check-in woman at CLT really made the whole experience a bit better since she was so friendly.If you are in need of a car in Winston-Salem or Charlotte I definitely recommend using Budget!
1	My flight was early and I had prepaid for a 9am pickup. The JERK (Charles) at the desk (who had NO customer service skills at all) said "you'll have to wait till 9 since you prepaid....well, ok, you can come to the desk at 8:50 and we'll let you have the car". As I write this, I am sitting in the lobby waiting for 8:50 to arrive. Never again! Horrible service!
4	The wife and I arrived in Charlotte on Friday 9/20/13.  As a Fastbreak member with Budget we didn't have to go to the counter, just headed outdoors to the courtesy shuttle.Today when returning the vehicle I showed my Fastbreak card once again. They printed my receipt by the car, walked over to the shuttle and was at the airport in 10 minutes. Prices are a little more reasonable than the other companies even without the company discount I receive. Just can't give a rental car company Five Stars but this was a very good experience and would recommend getting the Fastbreak card if you can.
1	the worst experience ever. they gauge you for everythibg. they are slow and don't care. happy thanksgiving. you are the worst.
1	As a fast break member I would say that I normally love budget. Since some recent bad experiences I have been more cautious when turning my vehicles back in.  Apparently all of there service guys take break together so you have to go back through the long check in line just to drop off. Waste of an hour for quickly dropping off a vehicle. A sign saying come inside would have also helped instead of nothing. My instructions when Bill who by the way was great .... Was to pull up and wait I'm the car. That didn't happen.
1	DO NOT EVER RENT A VEHICLE FROM BUDGET. I recently rented thru Kayak.com and it was supposedly for less than $30/day. I booked it for 7 days but returned it a day and 3 hours later. They charged me $175.36. I called customer service to tell them they charged me more than what I should have been charged. The lady told me that the vehicle was for $45/day and that I never booked the rental with Kayak.com for the lower price of less than $30/day even though my receipt clearly shows I reserved from Kayak.com. She tells me this is a valid charge and I was charged $22.50 per hour for the 3 hours. That's almost double for a days worth or renting! I asked why wouldn't they just charge me two days and not a day and 3 hours? She had no answer. So if you rent from Budget, make sure you return it in 24 hour increments. Otherwise you could be charged 23 (hours) multiplied by $22.50 which comes out to $517.50 for 23 hours of renting their vehicle. PLEASE SAVE YOURSELF SOME HEADACHE AND DO NOT RENT FROM BUDGET. Their are better places to rent a car from. I give them no stars but was required to give at least one.
