5	I had a wonderful time last Saturday here at The Great American BBQ & Beer Festival.  Arrived around 2pm and didn't have any problems finding a parking space.  The city really had it planned out as far as traffic and parking.  Major plus is that they didn't charge to park in the parking structures that were right next to the event.  Walking in was a breeze and the staff were super friendly.  Right away I could tell I wasn't the only fan of BBQ.  Tons of people lined up for all the awesomeness.  Lots of BBQ venders lined throughout the event, so no matter where you were you could smell or stop in for some good eats.  Beer was flowing and I liked that the the selection was a local Chandler brewery of SanTan Brewing Co.  Along with endless selection of venders selling food, they gave a bonus of some awesome punk bands that I remember seeing in the 90's.  Loved the nostalgia of seeing all these great performers on stage.  My only complaint was the level of sound for the music.  It needed to be a lot louder then it was.  I was near the stage and still needed it louder for an outdoor event.  I also enjoyed that they let in's and out's of the festival, it made it easy to slip on by local businesses to stop in and sit down to get out of the sun for awhile.  All and all I had a super great time, and would definitely come back next year!
2	Great food and beer! And free parking is awesome. I am a little disappointed that you have to pay for every little thing. When I go to a festival, I want to try a little of everything and businesses I've yet to try. Same with the beer. But you can't really do that when everything is $10 each. Vendors didn't offer samples either. Water is $2 except at the DC tent where it's $1.I was disappointed that you have to pay $10 for the kids area as well. Really? $20 for my 2 kids to jump on some bounce houses? I didn't think it was worth it.So yeah, it's a nice, big family friendly outdoor event. And we did have fun. But I just think it was an expensive afternoon and I didn't really get to try much.
5	This weekend was my first time attending the festival and I enjoyed every minute I was there! The layout of the event was great, I especially loved the signs with arrows pointing to main points of attraction. Food vendors were aplenty and delicious! I invited many of my friends to attend, even a few from out of state. Everyone had a great time, especially during Hoobastank. Free parking and $10 admission is very reasonable and great for kids (who get in free). The event was pretty packed so I know lots of people enjoyed the festival as well. Plus, the time of year couldn't be better with such perfect weather. Hats off to everyone who puts this event together...job well done! I will be back for as long as this event is around!
4	It was a beautiful day in Chandler for a BBQ Festival. I was immediately impressed that the parking was free and the walk was quite short to get in to the gates. Admission was only $10 bucks and drink tickets were reasonable. There were an amazingly diverse amount of BBQ vendors and the lines were not overly long.  I would go back again next year as sitting in the grass slugging down ribs and beers is my kind of afternoon.
