2	Cave Creek Smokehouse and Pourhouse Patio.Hard to keep up with this place - it was the Silver Spur a few months ago.  And it could be something else tomorrow.  The food's pretty standard - burgers, BBQ, steaks, chicken, blah blah, blah. Cowboy atmosphere, train yourself waitstaff (who easily get flustered), screaming children who want more popcorn..........Good place for kids - it's in Frontiertown - so the sheriff rides thru on weekends.  Lady next door at the Visitor Center is very helpful about Cave Creek.
2	Not even as good as its predecessor Silver Spur which paled in comparison to the original Satisfied Frog.     The oil used to fry the food needed changing desperately, so it ruined our broasted chicken, fries, and onion rings.  In a restaurant where probably a third of the dishes go into the fryer, why would you do this?      No complaints about the service, and the veggies in the limited salad bar were fresh enough.      Over all, this rated a big blah.
2	Food mediocre. Trying too hard to be a roadhouse.Our server lindsey was a bright spot, she deserves better support.  Too many other better choices in the area. We prefer Harolds Cave Creek, we should have stuck with that, but wanted to try something new. Oh well.
1	Got to say this place has become a loser. the food has been bad every time we've tried it - Hey... a Ruben with no 1,000 island? fake onions rings made of mushy onion paste? A bartender that can't get more than one drink at a a time? bbq that's dried out and re-fried beans with NO taste? Sorry but other places deserve my money more. Not trying to be overly critical - just real. Too many options when dining out these days.
2	We stopped in yesterday (Memorial Weekend Sunday) for drinks. We had family in town and decided to show them around Cave Creek. We'd eaten a huge breakfast at Harold's a couple of hours before...so, we weren't looking for food, just drinks and an order of chicken tenders for the kids. Business was slow. When we got there, two tables were seated and there was one guy at the bar. Our waitress arrived about 5 minutes later to take our drink order (1 iced tea, 2 waters, 1 lemonade, 1 milk, 1 corona and 1 prickly pear margarita...boring, I know...but there were 3 kids, a baby, and a pregnant woman in the party). After 15-20 minutes of waiting, we flagged down another waiter. While, he was taking our order, our original waitress arrived with drinks. So, we placed the chicken tenders order and waited AGAIN. More waiting for the bill to arrive. Once my husband gave her the credit card, I brought the kids outside. After another 20 minutes, the other adults met me. My husbad was still in there waiting to get his credit card returned. The manager (who was also waiting tables) stopped by to ask if he needed anything. He told her what was happening and said she'd get the owner. As it turns out, our waitress was also the bar tender. We were the unlucky ones to get the one table that the bar tender is assigned to serve (it was not even in the same room as the bar!). So, they'll be changing that policy. Did they comp anything? NO  Not that we were looking for free stuff. But, a confused manager, apologetic owner, and waitress with 100 excuses after an hour and a half ordeal doesn't sit well with me. The manager did say,  "I hope you didn't tip her!" With all of the touristy, cowboy restaurants in Cave Creek, I'll pass on the Smokehouse. As newer residents to Cave Creek, we've eaten there once before and the food was not memorable. The main attraction is the location. Oh, and the kids like the piano & dummy in the front room.
1	POOR service!  Long Wait for Drinks!
2	Ugh.  I really hate to write this review...  I love to support local businesses and especially BBQ.  But this one is worth driving past.On the upside, the staff works really hard and I hope they can turn this place around, but it seems as though their business model is based on copious amounts of really bad food served by chesty 19 year-olds wearing tight, thin black tank tops and low rise jeans.  Not that I have anything against chesty young ladies bringing me food, but you have to have more than that to stay in business.  Imagine if Hooters opened a 3rd rate BBQ shack.Skip this place and check out the Buffalo Chip - You'll be glad you did.
1	I hate giving a review one star. I love to support local businesses, especially in Cave Creek where there are many great eateries to choose from. We went on the 4th of July, so yes it was very busy. We made 7pm reservations and we only had to wait a little bit. No biggie, it's to be expected during a busy holiday. The hostess was nice, so was the waitress but you can tell they were a bit overwhelmed. I would not knock off stars for that. I think I would be as well.The entertainment was great. The DJ kept the crowd in a great mood even in spite of the triple digits. We ordered the BBQ platter which came with a tiny portion of cole slaw, I mean it was brought out in a plastic container that one would use for salad dressing. The beans came out in a little bowl. They were a bit firm and bland. I like my beans cooked slow for a long time. 3 beef ribs, 1/4 rack of pork ribs, pulled pork,2 stale supermarket dinner rolls and brisket. We split the meal between 2 of us.The pulled pork was a soggy greasy mess. The pork ribs were greasy, but the meat was tender. The beef ribs were just OK. I did like the brisket, although it was nothing special compared to other places. What saved everything was the BBQ sauce. That was tasty. My daughter ordered a rueben on sourdough with onion rings. The rings were good, but sadly the meat on the sandwich was very dry and the saurkraut tasted a bit funky. She only took 2 bites of it. I ended up taking it home in case my husband may want to eat it tomorrow. We ended up leaving some of the ribs and sides behind.I may decide to try this place again. I don't think the quality of the food should have suffered because it was a holiday. We did not get served until an hour after sitting down. If the food was good I would not have minded so much. But it was a waste of money. We did have to wait awhile for drink refills, even silverware. My husband had to sit there with a salad in front of him for 10-15 min before he could get a fork. They should have hired someone to strictly just go around and refill drinks. There were a lot of empty glasses around us. The salad bar, was just ok. I have a better salad bar at the hospital I work at. The clam chowder my husband said was decent.I would love to review this place again, maybe not on a busy day. But I think I will probably go elsewhere when I head to Cave Creek. The management should have taken special steps because it was going to be so busy, this would have been a chance to turn around the negative reviews on yelp. They also should have upped the staff. They worked their ass off, but service and the food suffered. Sadly I am in agreement with the majority on yelp.
2	Good bar food snacks, meals were average.   Fun crowd.
2	My husband and I really wanted some good old fashioned barbeque after living overseas for awhile, but this place just didn't do it for us.  Sure the ribs were OK, but just OK, and the beans and coleslaw were just that as well.....OK.The service was friendly and at least and the place was clean, oh, and don't forget the free popcorn while you wait.....but this still doesn't make up for a not so good rib/barbeque experience.We won't be back and won't be recommending this place to family or friends.
4	Best coleslaw of my life.  The pork sandwich was a little dry but they give you a cup of their homemade BBQ sauce which was really good.
3	Good food.  Great Sauce.  Friendly staff.  The amazing aroma of smoking meat hits your senses going before you even have a chance to walk inside.  Cave Creek Smokehouse & Pour House Patio has a wonderful small town barbecue feel to it.My girlfriend and I decided to split an entree and starter for our meal.  We wanted to try the buffalo wings, but they were out.  The manager suggested that we try the chicken tenders and they'd use one of their chicken wing sauces with them.  She said it would be just like having boneless wings.  This was a good and suitable substitution.  The chicken itself wasn't anything special, but the honey chipotle sauce was fantastic.  We also asked for a suggestion from the waitress for the entree.  We couldn't decide between the brisket or the beef ribs.  Turns out they were also out of beef ribs.  Guess that decision was easy.  Good thing the brisket was awesome.  It had that perfect charred from the smoke outside, but still just a little pink on the inside.  The barbecue sauce was wonderful.  We also had an order of corn bread which was disappointing.  Very dry.It was a Monday afternoon, which may explain why the restaurant was out of so many items.  However it's a holiday (president's day), so the place should have been more prepared.  Cave Creek Smokehouse & Pour Patio is a good barbecue joint.  It definitely beats any barbecue chain out there.  If You're up that way, check it out, but I wouldn't make a special trip.
5	Arizona is Great and I hung out here with a friend, had some drinks and played some darts. Good wholesome fun and warm. Thank You Cave Creek Smokehouse!
4	My wife and I had lunch here and enjoyed the setting and the food.  Our waitress was busy looking after two rooms with hungry diners.  We both enjoyed our lunch sandwiches.  I had the Reuben Sandwich with cole slaw side.  The sandwich was piled high with meat which was tender. The cole slaw had a bit of a bite too int--an interesting flavor.The decor is something to observe while waiting for food.  The men's bathroom was small making it necessary to step outside the room to change one's mind and dispose of the paper towel.
4	Me and my family went there for dinner and drinks. My husband had the filet and he enjoyed it very much. We shared a bowl of chili but we were not impressed. The bread tasted better than the chili. I had the fish and chips and it was OK I thought it was cod but it didn't taste like cod so I asked the server what it was and she said it was some kind of fish that I had never heard of but the tarter sauce made it taste good. My grand kids loved their meals. The decor was very nice kind of old western style. Over all we all liked it and we will most likely be going back again.
3	Cheap drinks for happy hour for sure. Tiny bar with real "creekers".. very smokey and loud with serious drinkers. This is where you find the locals. Hit or miss with the entertainment but the crowd itself is entertaining enough. I have had a few dishes there that were tasty. Free popcorn inside if you go into the indoor bar. P.S. The dartboard sucks, bring your own plastic darts if you want them to stick. The staff is friendly, never had a problem here.
4	Very attentive staff....delicious food! Ordered pulled pork & brisket, fries, onion rings, fantastic cole slaw!  Interesting decor....fun place.
1	Wish there was an option for no stars.  Food was bad!  Salad bar dressing had a film on top for sitting so long.  Should not be called a smoke house, I would bet they use an electric smoker and use particle board since that's what the food tasted like.  Bad sause, poor tasting meat!  The McRib is a better option.
5	I've been wondering how long it would be until I had the chance to write a review in this sort of situation; namely, where the reviewers have averaged 2.5 stars but where I personally found the experience to be something completely and utterly different from their experiences and worthy of a very significant deviation.  I've written 26 restaurant reviews and only given out 5 stars on two occasions.Time to give out #3!My "party" included myself, my wife, and our 9 year old girl.  We came up from North Phoenix and arrived at "Frontiertown" on Saturday night at about 745pm.  After briefly walking around the "town", we entered the smokehouse and were politely told to seat ourselves wherever we'd like.  I would say the restaurant was only at 35% capacity at the time, the "Pourhouse" side seemed much busier (and rowdier).  Clearly, this is a place usually filled with Cave Creek locals.Our waitress - I failed to get her name - was a friendly young lady with shorter dark hair and a tattoo on her right shoulder.  I suspect that if you get her as a waitress you are going to be very pleased...she is friendly, attentive, and quite knowledgeable about the restaurant and its offerings and she has an excellent tableside manner. We ordered:-the smokehouse platter (essentially, a four meat platter with two sides for two people)-Pulled Pork sandwich with onion rings for the 9 y/o.-One salad bar trip for two adults-Cave Creek Smoked Porter beer in a mason jar for me.-A couple of glasses of house wine for the wife.  The platter meats surpassed my expectations given previous reviews.  I had set my expectations pretty low, but was very pleasantly surprised by the brisket, pulled pork, and beef ribs.  The only thing that seemed ordinary on the platter was the pork ribs, and even they weren't bad at all.  Portions are generous, I'd say this would satisfy two fairly hungry large men.  If I were to pick a standout, it would probably be the brisket.  For me (and the wife agreed) it was perfect...light-to-moderate smoky taste, lovely char on the tips, and NOT served swimming in sauce (sauce was served on the side).  All four meats were especially tender and quite juicy...very well done, folks-in-the-kitchen! My 9 year old really had no hope of finishing her sandwich due to the excellent portion size. Her onion rings seemed freshly cut and breaded, we agreed they were actually quite fantastic. The salad bar does seem to be a fairly consistent hit with other reviewers, and I'd agree.  It isn't particularly fancy, but has a very pleasing array of protein and vegetable components, and I found them ALL to be fresh and tasty.  The dressing bins were messy due to use over the recent hours, but they weren't unsanitary and dressings were accordingly easily managed.  The soup of the day was actually extraordinary, and clearly made from scratch.  Indeed, as I was pulling a fresh bay leaf or two from my bowl of Chicken Fadelle, I took the time to closely inspect the soup ingredients and structure, and I was truly taken with the craft and care that went into the simple but superbly seasoned soup.  Again, well done!The beer list, for a craft brew fan like me, was somewhat limited but I found it sufficient.  I came for the food, and if I REALLY need some craft brew, I can walk a bit west to Big Earls.  :)Service consistently excellent throughout the night.  As we were finishing our meal, a lady emerged from the kitchen apparently to give a complimentary sundae to another patron for a birthday....yeah, I could definitely believe that folks would find this place to be worthy of a birthday meal, or any other special occasion for that matter.Anyhow, in conclusion, I have tried just about every BBQ joint in North Phoenix, from Lovejoys (when it existed), Satisfied Frog on Bell, Toms in Tempe, Hammered Hog/Notorious P.I.G., Thee Pitts Again, Stacys, and so forth.  For me, the Smokehouse routed 'em all, from decor to service to food to location.  We'll be back for sure.  I'm pleased to "go against the grain" on this review and vote with significant deviation from the crowd.
5	In Arizona, if you want a really good steak but don't want to take out a second mortgage to pay for it, I suggest you come here.Cave Creek Smokehouse.A New York Strip is seventeen dollars and it puts most other places to shame at a full inch and a half thick. Seasoned perfectly, caramelized and cooked to perfection, this was one of the best steaks I've had in a very long while.The sides were good too. Save room for the strawberry shortcake...it's superb.After dinner, mosey on over to the pour house. Lots of locals, (mostly transplants) who look like they just stepped out of pages of Bridle and Bit. Some real characters. The men look tough, but they scare real easy. Pussies.
4	Great ribs!! Good selection of cheap beers. This is one of my favorite places to take friends for a true Cave Creek experience- of course it is important to set their expectations appropriately.
2	Showed up for the Prime Ribs and was incredibly disappointed. I had to return it twice for being undercooked. I'm very specific with the wait staff. I always order my food a certain way. The chef was definitely NOT up to his game today. usually this place is spot on, but my food sucked. Naturally, management deducted some money from my check but I would've just preferred  some quality food.
3	I live here. Wanted to take our houseguest for dinner and chose the Smokehouse. Can't deny the price is ok, and food good, but the service was extraordinarily horrible!!  probably because we ordered water instead of a bar drink, she took our order, we waited and waited until we hailed a busboy and asked for our waitress. Food finally came, then our son asked for more fish (all you can eat fish fry) again we waited and waited, maybe 15 minutes and again asked the bus boy. He brought  the fish. Then we waited another 15-20 minutes, no check, I asked the hostess to get our waitress who was behind the bar laughing with another waitress. Took us 30 minutes to pay the bill.  We were so disgusted my son left money and check on the table, and we later learned we paid -About $10. More than the food we ordered.  bad bad service, will never go there again. left our guests with a very bad impression of our town.
5	The Smokehouse and Pourhouse are great establishments, I frequent the Pourhouse more seeing I can walk here from my house and throw back a few before dinner/lunch and have never had a bad time. The food is always good for the price, granted, but the local feel is what you are going for. Reading all the poor reviews bothers me because I think people have set their expectations high and most of the poor reviews were from the begining of the Smokehouse/Pourhouse when they first transitioned from the Satisfied Frog, then Silver Spur and now the Smokehouse. working out the bugs is necessary in this industry, and I know its a laid-back bar/eatery, but it is in Cave Creek for peet's sake! Perfectly Uncivilized.....
5	Always great food and fun environment. Awesome  cheeseburgers and fries!! Also excellent pulled pork. One of my favorite stops in cavecreek!
4	I have only visited the Cave Creek Smokehouse for their Friday Night Fish Fry and it's epic! The fish tastes fresh and is always cooked after you order it. Nice and crispy, another big plus is that they also hook you up with unlimited french fries, coleslaw and hush puppies. Most fish fry's that I have been to only will give you additional fish but no sides. Service has always been on par they make you feel right at home.
4	Stopped by for a cold beer in the Beer Garden last Friday after work.  Loved the crowd and the service was friendly and the beer cold! We weren't going to eat, but the BBQ and the fried chicken smelled so good we couldn't resist.   Look forward to going back when they have live music outside.  This is a do again as my hubby says!
2	My sister's family loves this place for the burgers, but I have yet to try one of these.  They do look quite good.  On my first visit I had chili in a bread bowl, and it was excellent. Rich and flavorful, but not too acidic and just spicy enough.The taco salad was my pick for the second visit.  It was the worst ever -- shredded iceberg with banal meat (I had grilled chicken) and a very small amount (2 teaspoons?) of shredded cheddar and ... what a minute, was that really it? Oh yeah, one other thing - a greasy, dark-colored, fried white flour tortilla.  The promised green chili was not there.  I hunted down the waitress, who was stocking glasses behind the bar.  (She had not paid us the privilege of returning to ask us how everything was so I had to seek her out).  I asked her for some guacamole in an effort to liven the dish up a bit.  It didn't work./  The guacamole was not from fresh avocados but that frozen concentrate cheaper restaurants seem to admire.  Have you ever seen this stuff in packaged form?  It arrives at the restaurant in the same packaging as frozen concentrated orange juice.I'll go back to be with my dear family, not proactively.
5	Great food, great atmosphere, great prices! What else can you ask for? Make sure to try the Brisket Lasagna!
3	We were looking to try a new/different place in Cave Creek, so we gave this place a try.  Fairly empty on a Saturday night (and many of the surrounding places were jam packed).  Our waitress was attentive and friendly - she only had maybe one other table besides us.  Food was decent, nothing special.  I enjoy food cooked on a smoker - I have one myself - and was a bit disappointed at the lack of flavor on my rib combo platter.  Serving size was decent, food wasn't terribly unique or distinctive though.  My wife seemed to enjoy her smoked chicken and the chili she ordered as an appetizer.  The owner stopped by while we were eating and seemed friendly enough.  A bit dark and dreary inside, didn't seem to be the happ'nin' place in Cave Creek on a Saturday night...
2	Not bad, but will not be returning.The food wasn't particularly bad, but it wasn't particularly good either.  We ordered the platter.  The pulled pork had an off taste, the ribs were good, brisket slightly dry.  Sauce served on the side tasted like any bottled barbecue sauce.Flies were annoying.Waitress was nice.  Took a while for food to be served though...
2	Slowest service I have ever experienced. Took almost 30 minutes after arriving to get our drinks. Keep in mind this was a Wednesday night with only two other people seated at another table. Good was ok, not great. We had to hunt down our waitress to get our check so we could hurry up and leave.
3	The food was decent but there were so many flies and knats that came inside and it really made it hard for me to enjoy the place.   I think I spent more time trying to swat them away than actually eating lol.  Although I had no issues with the food or service, I don't think I'll be returning.
3	Good food but very slow service.  We arrived just before noon and it took 30 minutes to get anything after we ordered.  They seemed to be distracted or short on service staff which is odd for a noon meal.  We had the barbecue brisket sandwich that was quite good.  The meat was tender and lean and the taste was good.  If you are hungry or hope to get in and out, I wouldn't count on this place.
1	============ WORST RESTAURANT ENCOUNTER TO DATE ============10/31/13 - To be brutally honest It's not every day that you have your worst restaurant experience ever. Mine happened tonight. I've had a lot of bad experiences in restaurants but this one experience tops them all. in fact none of my previous bad experiences even compare to what I'm going to tell you now and that is out of all the 64 restaurants I have visited and reviewed so far. This being said I drove a little more than a half hour to Cave Creek with my wife Carol, Grandson Michael, my sister Mindy her husband Jon and his brother Howard to get here. Our waiter Matt took a while to take our drink orders then once he delivered them to our table and then took our dinner order. He wasn't seen or heard of again for at least 24 minutes. We didn't realize this at first because we were all talking. Two people in our party wanted beef ribs but they were told there was none. Our order was as follows: 2 filet mignon (medium) 2 rib eye steaks (medium) 2 pork ribs and 1 corn bread. Once our food came out things went down hill from there. First off our waiter Matt couldn't tell the difference between a filet mignon and a rib eye steak so he placed the wrong entrees in front of the wrong people. One rib eye went to my sister it was more on the well done side than medium but she ate it and said it was delicious. The other rib eye went to my grandson. He asked before he ordered it he asked if it was fatty and the waiter told him no. Well it was in fact half it wasn't edible because there was that much fat on it. Then my grandson asked 5 times for A-1 sauce and was ignored. He finally stood up  as Matt was walking by and said he wanted to talk to him and was told to sit down and just relax for a while. My grandson replied he just wanted some A-1 Sauce before what was left of his meal got cold. My sister got up and went to the bar and asked for some A-1 sauce the bar tender handed her an empty bottle of A-1 sauce.  Mean time two people who ordered the filet mignon, me being one of them cut into our filet. Both were well done. I sent mine back but Howard didn't because he had to get on the road because he was going to Rocky Point. We asked to see the manager who came to our table dressed as a hippy wearing marijuana leaf glasses. She didn't introduce herself or remove her marijuana glasses as she spoke.. We explained to her our filets were well done and the problems we encountered and she offered to get me another one. When my filet came back the potato was so cold the butter wouldn't melt and the steak came back well done again.Meanwhile the two people who ordered the pork ribs received their meals. Both pork rib dinner were lukewarm, the broccoli that came with them was cold and the potatoes were warm. My wife opt'd not to eat her meal because she like her food hot. So once again we called the manager to our table who was in a defensive mode, crossing her arms as she spoke. We also told her how the bartender refused to serve my grandson (22) another beer stating he already had two drinks within a half hour. I never heard of this before so we told her he isn't driving but she still said no. We told all this to the manager who ended up giving us a comp on one steak dinner and an additional 15% off our bill which ended up being $135.00 after every thing she did. They even added a 16% tip to the bill.  FOOD: Food Is terrible. Very disappointed.  SERVICE: Worst service I have experience so far. PRICE: The price was in line with other BBQ touristy restaurants / steakhouses.  I would say they were even on the high side. AMBIANCE: Rustic western steakhouse atmosphere. CONCLUSION: Needless to say I wouldn't recommend this restaurant to anyone!!!!  This place  is a joke. If you want to go eat at a restaurant where they couldn't care less, then try it out for yourself. RETURN FACTOR 0%. Bottom line don't waste your money.************************* What does my OVERALL rating mean?*************************5 stars -Highly recommended.  I would be willing to drive out of my way to this business. It is that good. This place represents their industry or cuisine very well! 4 stars - Highly Recommended. I would frequent this business. 3 stars - Not that good but not that bad. Just average. I wouldn't mind going again. 2 stars - I would not recommend this establishment to friends or family. 1 stars - DO YOURSELF A FAVOR AND DO NOT patronize this business. I would RUN AWAY from this place and you should too! DON'T WAST YOUR HARD EARNED MONEY AT THIS ESTABLISH
2	We've been ready to try a new place in Cave Creek and gave this a try on Saturday night. We ordered the ribeye steak and a filet mignon, and were both disappointed. Both our steaks were average at best, and the meat was tough and flavorless. Not bad, but definitely not great.  We sat on the patio and our server was a nice, very young girl, but the service was hit and miss. She never came back after our food was delivered, and we had to ask someone else to please get our check and run our credit card. We won't be back. Bummer...we had higher hopes for this place.
1	My sister called and spoke to the owners wife the day after this happened and told her I wanted some sort of compensation. The owners wife said she wanted all of us to come back. My sister explained she was from Rhode Island so that wouldn't be possible. Anyway we never heard from anyone... Just thought everyone should know.
3	Placed a large carry out order for friends in for Thanksgiving. The food was decent but they forgot the 3 deserts ordered. I called and got no apology and was put on hold and then hung up on. This happened two more times so I gave up and will now have to drive back there to get a refund.
4	My husband and I had an early dinner so it wasn't very busy.  We were seated right away and our waiter, Anthony, was great! We asked for recommendations and he recommended the Smokehouse platter and a great new beer which we loved. The beef and pork ribs were cooked to perfection. It was shown as a meal for two and we had leftovers. And the price was very reasonable. We will definitely go back.
2	So I went here today with the family. I must say I am thoroughly unimpressed. I got a taco salad and it came out already cold, even the meat.  My husband got a burger and was like meh. My daughter got the green chili soup, took a couple of bites then decided she was full. The uncle liked the pulled pork sandwich ok and the in-laws shared some ribs, they too said not so good. The appetizer was okish but the experience wasn't great. All in all I won't suggest this place.
1	Worst experience ever! Horrible service, surly waitress and a manager that does not care. Avoid this place like like plaque!!!
4	Stop in for a cool drink! Fun place :)
5	Enjoyed a lovely Valentine's Day dinner here. Everything was wonderful. Service was great, and the food was delicious. You have to try the fried mushrooms. :)
1	Had dinner at the Smokehouse Saturday night.  My wife had heard that they had great BBQ Brisket.  I asked the waiter if he would recommend the "Special" Prime Rib, and he said it was spectacular.  When my Prime Rib arrived, it was cold and had no flavor.  I complained, and the waiter said he would have the kitchen heat it up.  I protested, and he went to the manager and offered m=to get me a warm cut.  I said OK.  He returned with another cold piece of meat.  The BBQ beef was just ok, and nothing special.When we paid our bill, the waiter said that he had no control over the quality of the food that came out of the kitchen, and I replied that he could have warned us about the poor quality of the food that we ordered.  Most of the restaurants in Cave Creek suck anyway, and this one just joined the list of restaurants that I will never go to again.
4	This place has great ambiance, if you are looking for a good ole western type place. The burgers are amazing and it is surrounded by quaint shops that will allow you to walk off the delicious meal you just had. There is plenty of room and there is a nice patio area. Bring friends, and lots of them...there is definitely room!
5	I sit on the Pour House side - so I can smoke.  Not a dive bar but not too classy either.  Friendly bar staff and clientele. Several tvs usually showing sports.  Live music is often available.The food is well portioned, nothing too fancy - try the pulled pork sandwich.  Decent beer selection - not a beer snob level but not just bud.
5	I decided to go for the 1/4 rack smoked baby back ribs! With their house BBQ sauce, they were amazing!! Tender, great flavor & with the tangy sauce....well, it was hard to stop eating them! Getting a trip to the salad bar was a delicious addition to the meal. Our server was very helpful on menu choices & friendly, too. Good eats, Great service, excellent value for the money...yes!, they get my 5 Stars!!
1	Went here on a Friday night.  The restaurant side was closed for a private party but the patio was open - no problem, they had swamp coolers and fans running so the temperature was managable.  Ambiance was somewhere between dive bar, pole shed and street vendor.  OK, there was this smell, an unpleasant combination of bar mat and beer fart that we just couldn't get away from.  Our server was friendly enough, making conversation and joking, but I get the feeling he wasn't usually a waiter - perhaps a bartender pressed into waiting tables since the restaurant had a party?  Anyway we ordered two different beers and both tasted of dirty taps.  My husband's so much he actually started to feel ill halfway in.  The food, I had the cuban sandwich with fries which wasn't half bad - not great but OK.  My husband ordered the pulled pork platter.  The pork definately tasted "off", like perhaps it had sat in the fridge for a week or so.  Beans just meh, same for the slaw.  Also, even though we would not have ordered another of the dirty tap beer, our waiter never checked in on us once we received our meals, in fact we had to track him down so we could pay our tab.  All in all we will not be back for drinks or for food.
5	Pulled pork sandwich was melt in your mouth.ONLY Bar-B-Que place in Cave Creek that I go to when I'm craving some great Bar-B-Que!
1	YIKES!! My sister and I were shopping around the cute little western town that this place is housed. We decided to stop in for a drink and a bite to eat. Well we walked into madness. We opened the doors (which are so hard to open it's amazing anyone managed to get in) and there were drunk people everywhere. Mind you, it's 2 o'clock in the afternoon! The place stinks if stale cigarette smoke. As we are sitting there, we come to realize THE OWNERS are part if this drunken crowd.  We were appalled! How do you run a business when you're drunk? People are yelling and screaming and cursing. How embarrassing!! Is this a restaurant or a frat house?? The music is blaring so loud, we could barely talk to each other. We watched the owner do shot after shot And his wife is behind the bar drinking wine!! Very unprofessional!! As two women sitting in there for a cocktail, we were VERY uncomfortable and lost our appetite. We had our one drink and left. So disgusted, we will NOT go back
2	This was the first time I had been to the Smokehouse. I came in it was happy hour and had a drink at the outside bar area.  It was nice there, though be warned they do allow smoking. I went inside to get some dinner. This was a Friday night and they were not busy. I sat at the bar and order food. The bartender was barely around and there was about 7 other people sitting at the bar. The food was ok. I had the fried fish dinner. The fish was cooked and  seasoned good. The tarter sauce was not bad, but I am not a tarter sauce fan. The slaw was sub-par and the sad thing is you can tell it was cut fresh, just need to be seasoned better. The fries were ok and the hush puppies would have been good if they would have been good all the way through.  The inside bar smelled bad. You can tell from the smell it has not been cleaned. It has that stale/mold alcohol smell to it. Also there is nats that fly around that shows it has not been cleaned. The low point is the flies inside.  I had to kill one that was by my food. I took a picture of it because it was a huge fly. I am not sold on this place and would give it another try to see if service is any better and to see if there is anything on the menu that is good.
5	This is our first time at the Smokehouse. Came here to follow Songo. Saturday night is Prime Rib special. Cuts are generous for 10 and 14 ounce. I'm not a Au jus person but OMG, tons of flavor. Meat was cooked to order perfectly. Tender as can be. The Pour House is where Songo is on Saturday night. Great bar hang out. Full restaurant menu available in the bar.
5	Seriously one of the best pulled pork and beef brisket sandwiches. The cornbread was to die for. I would absolutely come here again. Try this place, you will LOVE it!!!
1	Food was bland... Beans, coleslaw, onion rings were tasteless. Smoked chicken was not cooked all the way through and lacked the smoke flavor. Service was fair. Robotic, used looking women just going through the motions. Not very friendly. Sticky tables and at 6pm on a Friday night we were among only a handful of customers. I suppose that should have been the first red flag and turned around and left. Don't waste your time or money eating here. We will not be back.
5	I had the pleasure of dining her for my mom's Christmas party. The atmosphere is casual and comforting,  everything you want in a smokehouse. I had the prime rib. It was cooked to perfection and seasoned perfectly. It also came with this creamy horseradish sauce that was delicious!  I also had a baked potato which came with the standard butter but also sour cream that was topped with chives. I also hit the salad bar which was just your normal iceberg. They also had romaine and big selection of potato salad, pudding and all kinds of random yummys. The dressings were homemade which always makes a big difference for me in the ranch department.  The service was excellent,  never had to hunt down a bartender or server for an extra napkin or drink. I will definitely be back. A gal in our party had the brisket lasagna and I had some major food envy. I'll be back to give it a try.
1	I'm really big on giving credit where credit is due, but this place f@#!king sucked! This is my first visit after moving to the Cave creek area five years ago, and after sitting for more than 10 minutes with no one acknowledging our presence it was time to get up and leave. Had my wife and I stayed, there's no way that we could have enjoyed our meal after our anxiety levels rose just wondering whether or when we would be noticed by a server, its not as if we seated ourselves. The time was just past 4:00 pm and there were only a few customers at the time, I did notice that a family seated just after we arrived had no trouble receiving their beverages, but after that they too seemed to have been forgotten. I'll never know for sure because it was shortly thereafter that we decided to leave. If this were my business this crap would never fly, the owner or owners should maybe spend less time on the golf course or in the spa, and more time tending to their business before its too late. Just my two cents worth.
4	First time at this restaurant - went with a big group of family (10).  My dad had the house specialty lasagna and thought it was fantastic.  I had the pulled pork platter and thought it was really good.  Everybody in our group seemed happy with their meal.  But dessert really stole the show - a warm cookie/brownie with vanilla ice cream -AMAZING!  Our waiter was a little snarky and odd but overall a good experience.
4	First time here. We thought it was great. Service was fast & good. Will definitely return.
