4	UNLV is one of the Schools were you did not know you would end up at.  My Alma Mater was one that provided me some fun memories and unique experiences.  What individuals do not realize is that the situation one comes across at UNLV is that of personal exploration.  If you are an individual who can not survive without someone holding your hand than you will not survive in Vegas in General let alone at UNLV.  This school / University takes a unique role instructing individuals on the finer things in life that only money can buy.  Influenced by the famous Las Vegas Strip (which is with a quick mile walk away) hierarchy of have and have nots: is the fact that you can pay for your own private parking space.  Transferring from So Cal schools I do not consider the Traffic woes at UNLV to be all that bad.The general job market in Vegas if you are not willing to "Settle" for a Service Industry job is going to be leaving you with a sense of emptiness.I was able to spend some quality time with my professors whether it be on the golf course, courtside for a Runin Rebel Game, or asking for some advice on how to handicap in the Sports Book that no other University can allow.
3	This place is great. For 2 years I attended & took all the coursework & tests for my friend so his mom would keep sending me money. I never was questioned about who I was , I really remained anonymous. There are tons of young & dumb hot ass girls. Friday nights at Tom & Jerrys is sure to land any guy some tail.Definitely not the nation's brightest attending here.
1	I went here for one semester, I'm from Vegas so I was trying to do college on the cheap ya know. Well what a waste of time that was. The professors are retarded. My Philosophy teacher was a total coke-head, ran into my economics teacher in a casino (drunk and losing money) my math teacher made more mistakes than an asian woman driving a hummer and the students were pretty much all idiots. Half the girls from my high school became strippers, and the other half went to UNLV for a semester before becoming strippers.Compared to USC, UNLV is a joke. In fact, Santa Monica City College is better than UNLV. I suggest getting an online degree over UNLV.
5	That was fun.
5	UNLV, what can I say?  Rebel through and through!  Rebels baby, all about Rebels.
3	Buildings are modern and well kempt. Beautiful xeriscapes. Dining commons does the job.Oh, and a great Radiochemistry department. :)
4	I went here for 3.5 years. An education is up to the individual. What one gets out of the whole college experience is totally up to that person. Since the cost is high for higher education, one would think that you wouldn't waste your time in any way here. There were many other activities and clubs (besides fraternities and sororities) to keep you busy, as if you weren't busy already with classes (12 credits was a full course load) and/or a job. Summer term is also available. It is a decent size campus. Beautiful grounds. I have pictures of my sister with the Flashlight- it's a huge piece of art on campus. The problem with scheduling classes, is that one of your classes could be on one end while your next class is on the opposite end! I got wise after a few semesters to choose accordingly. Night classes were convenient but if you were female walking to and from your car at the far-away parking lots, it was a bit scary. Safety was not a huge issue but there was always an awareness about walking in groups at night.  When I wasn't in class, I spent a lot of time at two places- the student union and the library- had lots of study groups there. I also went to many seminars at the theater- it was free to students. I saw Arthur Ashe speak there- that was amazing. I went to the gallery. I also saw Bill Clinton and Al Gore speak outside in one of the courtyards, before they were both elected to office- that was historical. The amphitheater was also another frequently visited area- I remember seeing Korean circus performers (I have pictures too). It was really nice in the Spring, sitting there for the performances. The registrar office was busy all the time and the wait time in line was at least a half hour- some of the staff members weren't as customer-oriented. The registration- by- telephone was pretty convenient. Dropping classes was also done this way. There were two bookstores, one at the union, and across the street. Prices for used books were still pretty high- the largest cost after tuition. At the time, the food choices were Pizza Hut at one end near the Science buildings, and a cafe at the union. If we wanted to eat off campus, we would go to Del Taco, or In N Out Burger, which was nearby.  Parking was a huge problem. If you wanted a spot in the front of the campus, it was pretty bad. It was like a shark stalking its prey searching for a spot, following exiting students. Sometimes I would ask if someone was leaving so I could get that spot. The parking lots in back and the side were much better, but the walk was pretty long- it's a trade off. The student health center was located at Harmon (yeah, learned the street cut through the campus, which was very confusing at the time).There was a mentoring program for minority students. I went for a short period of time. The basketball games are held at the Thomas & Mack center. The football games are held at Sam Boyd Stadium. There are soccer fields, situated closer to Harmon and Spencer (facing the Hard Rock casino).The campus population was a decent size. There were many foreign exchange students especially from Asia. There were many different personalities here- kind of a microcosm of society. It's pretty transient- lots of people come and go, much like friends. Although, I still have two good friends from college BTW. I was a part of the FASA club- Filipino American Student Association- the chapter in Southern California would frequently join in some events. It was nice to belong to a group. Sometimes because there were so many students, one could feel anonymous (a big change for me, from my small high school). Did you know that when you are a senior citizen, you may attend classes for FREE?  I had a few classmates that were senior citizens.For the most part, I liked most of my professors. I had Dina Titus- she taught Political Science and she was pretty tough; there was a pop quiz every once in a while. I didn't like my Philosophy professor- he was arrogant and condescending. It ended up being my least favorite class. I had some really good ethnic studies professors. The majority of my classes were womens studies and ethnic studies.I lived at home so I didn't experience the dorm life. I did see them when I visited friends though.As a whole, I enjoyed my college experience here, but the prices have really gone up since I attended UNLV.  ($156.75 per credit for undergrads, not including the other fees plus the cost of books and materials/supplies.) To avoid the hefty non-resident fee, I waited until the following year to start college. Your credits never expire. You can request your transcript by telephone. The cost is around $5-$8 per copy- I don't remember the exact amount, sorry. There is a also a website where you can request your transcript, as well- www.unlv.edu. The website is user-friendly. Click on "Registrar." On the lower right side, "Helpful Links," click on "Transcript." You will be directed to "Transcript Request Login."
5	Beautiful campus even though the sorrounding area looks scary, I always wanted to go to UNLV because of the Basketball team. I ended up coming back to LA since I grew bored of the heat and gambling,but I found the campus to be clean and lots of girls seems they outnumber males 2 to 1.
3	its nevada education what more do you want
2	All I can say is, I wish I had gone somewhere else. If it weren't for some of the awesome professors then I wouldn't give this place any stars.
4	Even though I have always wondered what it would have been like to go out of state for university, I do not regret going to UNLV. I have had my share of professors that I did not care for, ones that did not seem like they knew what they were talking about, and  a few fantastic ones.The English department has many excellent educators. Professor Campbell always taught the most interesting classes. It is sad to see that our Governor wants to cut funding even more. As if people do not see education as a joke in Nevada. No wonder why I could make more as a bartender than a teacher. Maybe I am the real dumbie for wanting to get my masters in primary education. The campus is becoming exponentially more beautiful as they continue the renovations to this young campus. They need to get rid of the eye sore known as the FDH though. The new student union and the student recreation and wellness center are well kept facilities.
4	For my 800th review I chose my alma mater, UNLV.  It's been a while since I've graduated from this University.  However, I've had many interns from the school work for me and have hired many graduates over the years.  I also attend a lot of events at the school and remain very close with Alumni.  Here's my breakdown of the school:PROS- It's very cheap.  Even though tuition is going up, it's still less than many other State schools.- Much of the campus has new buildings.  When I go on campus now, it feels like a strange place and I get lost all of the time because its 3x larger than it was when I attended.- Great professors.  I can only speak about the College of Hotel Administration and the Business School.....the professors were awesome.  I learned so much from them.  Learning is a 2 way street, it's up to you to get as much out of it as you can.  It's not on the professors to make the class how you like it, you have to adjust to their teaching style and learn as much as possible.  To this day I remain in contact with many former professors.- Nice campus.  By Vegas standards there's a lot of greenery around campus, which is a refreshing change of scenery.- Library.  One of the best libraries in town is located on the UNLV campus.- Basketball team.  The UNLV Runnin' Rebels have always been the favorite team in the city.  We've had some good years recently.  Hopefully we'll continue to build upon it and improve as time goes on.CONS- Minuscule Endowment Fund.  One of the main reasons UNLV is having a difficult time surviving in this economy is not only because of state cutbacks but also because the endowment is very tiny.  The school needs more support from the private sector.- Visitor parking.  Student parking has improved dramatically since the time I was a student.....however, visitor parking is a nightmare.  I dread parking every time I go on campus.Overall, I have fond memories of UNLV.  My experience here has helped me with my career and I've established many lifelong friendships over the years.  I would be proud to send my Son to this school.Return Factor - 100%
4	I'm an undergrad student here, and let me tell you that tuition bites, hard.However, despite banking own my parents & the millennium scholarship, I love being a music composition major.  I don't know what other colleges offer or how their programs run, but I'm quite satisfied with the music program so far. Tuition: Over priced & only going up because of the wonderful state of Nevada. Professors & program: Bearable but often times enjoyable within the Music department. Downside for me is that music classes are often 1 - 2 credits per class. It takes 12+ to be considered full time, so I end up taking around 7 classes a semester.Campus:It's Vegas. The weather reaches extremes dependent on the season, so is the weather on campus.The renovations on certain buildings make the campus cleaner nowadays. MSU & the Rec Center are places to hangout if you're not in class.My favorite part of campus is on closer to Flamingo where all the trees are which coincidentally is where the music classes are :]I don't have much of a choice of schools at the moment, but I like UNLV and the campus.& I, personally, wouldn't choose CSN over it.
2	I have attended CSN, UNLV, and BYU-Idaho. Of the three, UNLV was my poorest academic experience.Due to state budget problems, UNLV is in the process of making major budget cuts. Tuiton is also rising. Classes and even majors are being cut. And quality of education, which began as mediocre, are declining.In my admission process, UNLV lost an official transcript I had sent them from a previous school. They asked me to reorder. I did, but before the replacement was even processed, they found the old one. I only learned this because they called again, saying they were missing another document. This time I did not take action. Two weeks later, they found the second missing document. I have had numerous problems with disorganization in administration and inter-departmental communication failures following my initial experience.Many students I knew cheated regularly. Plagiarism is a real problem in this school. I was disgusted at how this could reflect on getting a UNLV education once the students entered the workforce, and that is one of the major reasons I left.Some of the instructors are good, others "dumb down" the classes, making it easier to graduate but harder to be competitive in the field.Depending on your major, if you can afford to go elsewhere, do.
3	I don't have much to say about this place... Seems like a nice school! Not as pretty as USC, but it isn't bad. I spent most of my time at the law school and it was really cool. They have some nice programs. It's better than UCLA,but then again everything is. ;)
4	I will start out by admitting that UNLV was not my first choice of schools, but looking back it was the perfect fit. There is plenty of stuff to keep you busy on campus and the biggest party in the U.S. is literally right down the street on the Strip. The Football team is not very good and hasn't been for a long time, but they do play some pretty decent teams on a regular basis. Basketball games are a lot more fun, usually the Rebels are pretty decent and nationally ranked.  I almost always felt that the Faculty went out of their way to make sure you understood the material and also how it applied to the real world. I ended up with a pretty good education for a very reasonable price and I had a blast doing it. It is also worth pointing out that if you need to work while you are in school there are plenty of places to get part time work in the service industry. You may even land an awesome job that pays you pretty well and feeds you(most casinos have free dinning rooms for employees). I met people from all over the world who came to UNLV to study hotel management or gaming because it is one of the best in the country.The Facilities are great. The campus is the cleanest one I have ever been to. There are a lot more trees than you would imagine in the middle of the desert and most of the buildings are new. If you are into architecture there are some pretty cool buildings on campus. There are also plenty of good places to eat on and around campus. I got a great job offer at the start of my senior year and I left school faster than a first round draft pick. A year later I was able to finish my degree online with the help of my academic adviser and some creative time management. I now have an awesome career and a degree I am very proud of.There are several reviews here where people seem to be blaming the school for their own poor choices. FYI, if you don't have the will power to go to school every day and study, then UNLV is not the place for you. Las Vegas is a place where you will sink or swim but if you are at least motivated to graduate and learn something then you will have every opportunity to do so. I proved that you can still go out and enjoy all the fun things there is to do in Vegas and still get your degree and move on.
4	Well I transferred from a school in California to attend UNLV about a year ago. I used to come visit UNLV once every month to visit a friend of mine, and I fell in love with the campus. If you are thinking of attending UNLV, here's a few tips:- The professors here on campus are generally pretty good, but again it depends on what class you're taking and what department you're a part of. There's a wide range of majors for you to choose at this school, so pick wisely! For example, I came into the school as an elementary education major, but switched after last semester to an Entertainment Engineering and Design major. -The tuition is cheap, if you aren't from anywhere out-of-state. So far, I've only been able to take 6 credits a semester because of the out-of-state fees. 6 credits = $2,500, once you take even one credit over $6,000 in out-of-state fees is included in your tuition which ends up making even just 7 credits around $8,000. -If you are a sports fan, the Basketball team, the Runnin' Rebels, have been having a very good past few years. Definitely check them out! Some professors even offer extra credit to attend some of the games.- I've been working on campus in the IT department for the past year and love it! If you can find a job on campus you'll not only learn a lot of valuable skills and meet a lot of great people!Overall, my experience at this school has been great so far. Definitely come check out the school if you're looking to attend a school in Nevada.
1	This school is sort of right down the middle in teaching quality and facilities. Classes, instructors, workload, all seem to fall into the "Ok" rating.At least the student worker staff and faculty are genuinely helpful, likely because UNLV usually exceeds all other places in Hospitality Management degrees. It's not like in UNR (Reno), where the faculty and admissions are bitchy, I had to sue them for Educational Malpractice in order to get my transcripts down here to UNLV because they kept yelling at me over the phone and avoiding doing their job.What brings this campus down is the neighborhood around it. Maryland Drive, from Tropicana all the way up to Sahara is known as a ghetto in Central Vegas (along with Northtown and Eastside). We get a lot of meth-head bums come inside the Student Union and do stupid shit like, stealing backpacks, harassing students, and stalking females.I remember this one particular bum, in a wheelchair that hangs right outside of the Student Union creeping on little girls. One day, I was outside eating lunch, and he just creeps right up to me and says racist shit like "Are you Chinese or Japanese?", and then he says, "Chinese huh. Whose side are YOU ON?!?".Then there is another one, when I was at Anime Club, who clearly smelled homeless and looked like a tweaker, and was stalking me on the 2nd floor of the Student Union after the club ended. 3 years ago, I saw a homeless guy dig in the trash cans and pulled out a half-eaten Subway sandwich near the Food Court.Oh, and the Rebels suck at Football, but they excel in Basketball. First time I learned this was at a fraternity party. I asked them why are they rooting AGAINST their own team, and they turned on the TV upstairs and I went... "Oh....". In fact, a lot of students bet against the Rebels during most of our games. And Hockey does not exist. Except for 2 weeks in February.Edit: I am dropping this place by one star because the UNLV Math Department needs to be fired pronto!Our Math 95 to Math 126 classes have Math Department Made tests, which DO NOT have enough room to show our work for word problems. Also, the instructors have been told to NOT accept scratch paper. That means you can fail or get partial credit even though you did the work. They just didn't want to see it unless you somehow wrote it into the cluttered test sheets. We, as students, fucking paid for UNLV classes, either through parents, wages, or money borrowed from the government. It is us that face the consequences of YOUR IRRESPONSIBLE leadership. I might consider running for Student Body next year just to build momentum on ousting incompetent teachers, incompetent staff, and incompetent administrators. While I won't have absolute power over the matter, I can spend the time to build popular support to kick them out in a few semesters.Update 9-13-13I decided to drop the stars down to the lowest possible because over these years I have witnessed a progressing decline in the quality of the school. When I first came here, it was "so-so" in standing compared to the other schools I have been to. But the continuous annual budget cuts, hiking up of tuition, and losing our last few competent teachers to better institutions meant that academically, our school is a complete fucking joke.My Math 96 teacher is a goddamn dweeb. He is ALWAYS nervous trying to instruct us. Makes the methods of solving the math problems much harder than what it could have been done. And when I asked him when exactly is our official test, he said "go look at the syllabus". I even corrected him on the way that he does the problems during class, even showing students better and more efficient ways to do the problem, having them understand the concept, without being a confusing eyesore on the marker board. In fact, the phrase "go look at the syllabus" seems to be the preferred catchphrase for all of the lazy teachers on campus. I remembered a classmate asking the same question about a test date to my Engineering instructor. And he said the same exact thing! All of this happened on the same day, merely hours apart from each other!What kind of teacher doesn't even know when he is going to administer a test off the top of his head? I can tell that my fellow classmates are pissed and frustrated that our instructors cannot even answer our questions in a direct and prompt manner. The only competent instructor I have for Fall 2013 is my Chinese 214 teacher.I even had a Business Writing teacher that gave lower scores to her students if they talked back or corrected her. During the "Resume" section of the course, we all had a peek of the very same resume that she used to get hired as a instructor here. It was absolute shit. All of you prospective students should look elsewhere. I highly recommend staying at a community college like CSN as long as possible, to save your money and learn more from committed instructor
4	People have always asked me why UNLV? Is it because a lot of Hawaii kids go to this school.NO. I decided to go to this school because of the WUE scholarship. I paid as much as if I went to a school in Hawaii. In fact, I tried to run away from the Hawaiians. Haha.Social: It's up to you (student) to make the best out of your experience at UNLV. You can be one of those who just goes to class, someone who gets involved in school or just not go to class at all. What I enjoyed was getting involed. Yes, I was in a fraternity. A business one, though. I always looked forward to those 15 minute breaks between classes and you get to see people you know.Academinc: Professors in the 100-200 classes are generally not caring about their students. Once you get into your junior/senior year, the professors are the ones who will care about their students. I'm a marketing major, (or was, LOL I don't know how to word that). All of my marketing professors cared about their students and how could they emphasize our learning. I've kept in touch with them and I feel so much smarter knowing what Qualitative Marketing Research is, haha.PROS:Student Union - best meet up place with friends. They have various fast food restaurants in there. I can't believe I ate Panda Express almost every day. Gross.Lied Library (Club Lied) - this library is seriously like a club. Every hangs out here, bring you food and just rage. Plus finals week, they close at 2 am. Just like a nighclub.Academic - I definitely lucked out in getting all my required courses done before they started doing the budget cuts. I was able to take all the marketing professors that specialized in certain subjects (Sports Marketing, Retail Marketing, etc) before they got cut/fired. IF UNLV decides to hire them back again, it's a great learning experience...but don't ask me anything about Sports Marketing cause I don't do sports. haha.CONS:Parking - when I started back in '07, OMG, parking was a biznatch. Since then, they have built the Tropicana Garage and that eased up the parking a little bit. Passes still costs an arm, a leg and a torso.Pricing/Tuition - Expensive if you paid out of state with no scholarship! Even if you're in state! I was under out of state tuition but I still paid low enough because of my scholarship.Neighborhood - Ok, it's not a college town. Inside UNLV: amazing, outside UNLV: scary. You're on the east side. I remember seeing a cop arrest people on the street a couple times in a month.**If you decide to go to this school, do your research first. Is this right for you? Lifestyle? Academic?
4	It's college. There's not really much I can say about that. Of course, it's less difficult than most other schools, but there are some key classes that make up for that on the dark side. *cough* scienceclasses *cough*your best bet is to get involved. any college experience will be boring if you don't. Fill out FAFSA--trust me, I never thought I'd qualify for anything..but I did! Take it from someone who knows! APPLY FOR SCHOLARSHIPS. Free money, hello! None of my advisors really helped me or explain things well. I learned to do everything by myself, which is what you should do! Learn to be independent. Ask, but research first! Studying doesn't hurt you. it might be painful at first, but it's worth it in the end! I have fun at this school because I make my experience fun!!PS. Try not to transfer here from out of state colleges. They don't really like any one else's credits, true story.
4	I went for a symposium here last weekend and I have to say that the campus is pretty snazzy. I go to grad school at CSUN and our campus is like a homeless person asleep in an alley way. Not so with UNLV! The place was really nice with allot of modern facilities. The anthropology faculty and staff were incredibly knowledgeable and were really involved with outreach efforts.
3	My 150th review!And I wouldn't have chosen anything else other than my alma matter! Why the 3 star review you might ask? Although I have pride in UNLV, I am well aware of there being better options else where. And no I am not referring to the school up north, but rather out of state universities.I can start by saying my college experience was rather enjoyable. When you grow up in Vegas, going to UNLV isn't exactly the most exciting thing considering it's the only major university in town and the acceptance rate isn't exactly competitive. Although my first semester I was pleasantly surprised. I can honestly say it felt like a "real" university. UNLV is comparable to the state university system in California. The major plus is that it is a university with division I ncaa sports including football. I respect the university and state because most schools costs almost twice the tuition here and compete in division II sports. I can see why the graduation rate is a bit lower, the Las Vegas job market doesn't exactly favor those individuals with a degree. Unlike other major cities where an education is a must to be competitive in the job market. The result of it is the city not susceptible to an education, which is also a result for low endowment. I do highly applaud the Fertita and Harrah's family for their generous donations. The UNLV Rec Center, Lied Library, student union, and CSUN events all added to the college feel adding to the efforts of an "student centered" campus. Definitely couldn't miss major events like UNLV premier and UNLV UNR Fremont Cannon game. I think a major downer for me was I felt like I didn't get the most out of my education and I have my program to blame for that and not the university. Another gripe I have is I wish the buildings were more in uniform like other universities with a beautiful campus. All in all, in you're trying to save money by staying in state, UNLV isn't a bad option especially if you're a millennium scholar. Racking up thousands of dollars in debt isn't exactly ideal, especially when your degree isn't gonna get you a job paying 50k a year right out of college. Go Rebels!
1	I would just like to share that the University of Nevada Las Vegas is a horrible college and, in my opinion, should not be considered a certified university. My major as an undergraduate is Elementary Education. I have been an A student since arriving at UNLV. I currently hold 143 credits, when you only are required 122 to graduate. I passed both the PRAXIS tests with flying colors. They kicked me out of my Student Teaching on the basis of drama and things that people thought I "might have said." I was unable to graduate when I was supposed to, which was last Fall, because of this. They told me I had to take an F on my transcript and retake it in the Spring. My GPA has now dropped to a 3.0.Then, they did not place me at a new school this Spring even after I had enrolled in the course and I had all my prerequisites in line. They didn't even tell me that I was supposed to be placed until the week of. I even found a placement for myself and they refused. On top of all this, they placed a charge on my account of a whopping $2600 due to the fact that I was not in attendance during my Student Teaching and I had to repay UNLV for my student loans that were unused. I finally paid off the balance today using credit cards. They informed me at the beginning of this month that if I did not pay it off by April 1, I would be unable to graduate, even though I was not aware of this balance until mid-January.They are a bunch of money hungry imbeciles that abuse their students and take away opportunities for educational expansion. I am currently broke and unable to teach because they decided in my last semester that I was unfit to be a teacher. I have been mistreated and disrespected more than I ever thought possible. They have left this almost graduate poor, without a chance of a career when I have worked five years to get where I am-- which is, precisely, nowhere.
5	For the most part the profs really know their stuff and care about their students. I consider my profs and some of the faculty  as my extended family. The Hospitality program is amazing. This school has opened so many doors for me I am forever grateful.
1	This is my first semester at UNLV and this review is mainly based on my experience with Bob Ain, a math professor at UNLV. I originally had Professor Choi as my math teacher but thought it was in my best interest to switch classes because there was a slight language barrier. I ended up switching into Bob Ain's college algebra class. During the second week of class he handed back an assignment and gave me an 8/10. After class I asked for an explanation and he said I should have written it in essay format. I then said you never specified the format and he said do your English teachers tell you the format they want it in. I said yes and he said that's bullshit and he told me to get out of his class multiple times. I could not believe the way he reacted to me and decided to speak with the associate math chair Malwane Ananda. He put blame on me for the altercation because I threw out the assignment on the way out of the classroom. This was completely irrelevant because this happened after he spoke to me in an unprofessional manner. After speaking with Malwane I felt like no one was on my side so I decided to let it go. Weeks later he disrespected me again in front of the entire class. He was writing a problem on the overhead projector and no one could see it so I told him and then he called me a "smart ass". After this incident I could not let it go. I set up a meeting with the Associate Dean of Life Sciences Javier Rodriguez. I discussed my concerns with him at length and he seemed to take my experiences seriously but then never reached out to me weeks after we had spoken. He had told me he would call me or email me to confirm he had taken action even though he could not tell me exactly what type of action was taken. I decided to reach out to him and when he answered the phone he acted like he almost didn't remember me. I told him I was calling to see if action was taken and he said I told you I couldn't tell you. Then I told him what he said and he said he didn't say any of that. The fact that he couldn't even reach out to me showed his real lack of concern for the treatment I experienced. I will continue to fight this until I feel adequate action is taken. Bob is not only disrespectful and a terrible role model for students but his teaching methods are ineffective. It is very unfortunate that the faculty that is supposed to stick up for students is doing the exact opposite.
1	Dear God! Where to start? (sigh) I left UNLV after a couple of years. It became an intolerable learning environment. I have absolutely no respect for this school.  My degree is now on hold until I can leave the state.  I don't understand why this school was even built in the first place. It's only here to put money in the state coffers. It's certainly not here to educate anyone. It's just a ghetto diploma-mill. The staff members are indigenous white-trash personnel. The faculty is lousy. Most of the students aren't capable of doing college-level work and the classes are dumbed down to accommodate them. It's not that hard to maintain an "A" average either. Many of the science majors I've met are functionally illiterate. You would barely hire them to be maids or cabdrivers. This school is only contributing to the dwindling spiral of Las Vegas by handing out fraudulent diplomas. These are the kids that are going to be our future leaders. They will be assuming the supervisory, management and executive positions in this town and they do NOT have the aptitude for it. I sincerely believe that it would be better to shutter UNLV and put those resources into Clark County K-12 instead. In the meantime, the bright students could go to out-of-state until the public school system is rebuilt. Then this town might be ready for a "real" university.
1	Update 10/6/2014: I am starting to really tire of the repeat blunders by the campus administrators, staff, and all other campus agencies that shows its ugly teeth. In fact, if you read my previous reviews,  I often update and continuously lower the stars on a yearly basis.This time it got pretty bad, for some reason the UNLV Parking and Enforcement sold 19,000 parking passes when there is just over 12,500 parking spots at any given time on campus. Local news coverage have covered this story in detail, such as KTNV and ABC 13 Action News (dated September 15th, 2014 available online "UNLV students peeved over packed parking lots on campus"). To add fuel to the fire, for the first month and still ongoing, a majority of the white lot, that was meant for US, the PAYING STUDENTS who bought the passes, has been hijacked by tourists who take up hundreds of parking spots... MEANT FOR US, with semitrailers, Greyhound Bus Convoys, etc. Not only do we have to drive around wasting gas looking for a parking spot, but we often end up parking farther away from our classes that WE BORROWED AND SPENT TUITION MONEY ON, suffer from dehydration (I saw one lying on the ground on the first floor of the library being helped by cops and paramedics), and almost every lot is FULL. I drive a stickshift, and preferably I would NOT LIKE TO park inside the parking garage located next to Flamingo Road because of stop-and-go driving UPHILL and the extremely tight turning clearances we all have to make to get from one floor to another or to drive around a idiot student that is holding up traffic waiting for someone to back out. All of you fucks are contributing to the destruction of my clutch. We have to endure the shit parking spots on a daily basis, even during our first exam week. We were the ones who paid to come here, to put up with incompetent teachers, lousy parking spaces, overzealous parking enforcement, and all of these tourist convention shitheads that want to make UNLV basically their semester residence, which displaces the rest of us from getting to class on time, or even to class at all. Nowdays I advise just showing up on campus about 1 or 2 hours earlier. Just skip breakfast and your shower and just get to campus. Your going to lose your hygiene anyways from all the sweat pouring out your body from the miserable 20-30 minute walk out in 100+ degree fahrenheit weather. Just go shower at the Student Recreation Center instead.
3	It's expensive to go to school here, but I love it. The campus is small compared to other large colleges.Parking SUCKS. You have to go really early like before 10 or it's packed.The math teachers pretty much suck...I had really good english professors.Ratemyprofessor.com is pretty on point for their teachers.I don't hate it, but there are so many things that can be improved.I mean, where's all our money going to anyway?...Oh I know, those random little ipad screens in front of the study rooms that just say the room number and have no purpose whatsoever.
4	Right, let's address the parking issue. It does suck, period. So this semester I bought a "spot" a flippin parking spot, yes it cost money (100 or so smackers) but you know what? I have not had to freak out one time this semester about parking. Yes, I have to walk, on this campus walking is a requirement. Did I mention my parking spot? Ya, it's in a parking garage, covered, no sun beating down on my car.Cost, right.. Well an education can be expensive, but better than not having an education at all. Listen, if you are a resident of Nevada tuition is not that bad. Can there be improvements? Yes, just like everywhere else. You have to take the good with the bad. Overall, good times... Advice: Just buy a parking space for the semester...
