5	I have driven past this salon numerous times... just never had a reason to try them until I found one of their cards at Copper Star Coffee offering a decent discount on a hair cut and color.  I was in the market for a new hair dresser so I thought I would give it a try.  I am so pleased with the results:)... My hair looks great.   Sonya made my hair look gorgeous... I love the color and the cut.
4	Everything about Atmosphere is great.  It's in a great location, it's in a really wonderful space, it's cool yet unpretentious inside, they have hip stylists, good music, and local art on the walls.  They have good coffee and they put cucumber in their water which is just brilliant and I now do this sometimes at home.  They are a Paul Mitchell Salon and I've never had a bad haircut or rude stylist.  Prices are reasonable, and you can get your brows done while your hair is washed, and they have a nail tech who does really wonderful gels.My one and only beef with Atmosphere, and the reason they get 4 stars instead of 5, is because I have never, in probably 15 visits, been able to get the same stylist twice.  Every time I've called back, the stylist I saw before is gone.  Maybe it's just a high turnover business?  After a brief hiatus, I tried them again last night, and really liked the new girl I got.  She said she's been there for 9 months and has no plans on going anywhere, so hopefully this one will stick.  Because I adore you Atmosphere, I really do.
5	I discovered Atmosphere Salon 6-7 years ago, when I picked up their eye-catching business card at a concert inside of a store/art gallery. When time came to get my hair done, I didn't have a stylist/salon I was attached to anymore; so I thought, "Why not give this place a try?". Since that first appointment, I have adamantly gone to Atmosphere for all of these years.Atmosphere's (Phoenix) location was a pleasant surprise the first time I came, being somewhat loft-like on the 2nd story of a building. (They have since moved to a new location which I have yet to experience.) They serve partially as an art gallery, which I really appreciate as an artist. On occasion they have a DJ come in and play, which makes it a very cool environment, and they always have good music playing if the DJ isn't there. I always look forward to their peach tea, which they offer when you arrive and throughout your visit, it's delicious! They will massage your neck or hands while you're being washed or processing under the drier. They use and sell Paul Mitchell products, and their services are not cheap but they're always worth it; you really get what you pay for. They have a referral program, in which you get a free hair cut if you refer 3 people. They also offer a variety of lovely services, from waxing, to nails, to special hair treatments. I do not live particularly close, it's a 20-30 minute drive from home, but I feel Atmosphere is worth it.I value my hair very much, feeling that it's one of my best physical traits; therefore it is important to me to go to a place that I feel is consistently of very high quality, and come out with very impressive hair. Though I started with a stylist who is no longer there, I've had Afton May do my hair for years. I like to be somewhat artistic/non-traditional with my hair and have multi-color styles done that can be pretty complex, and Afton does a high quality job with ease! There aren't roots showing or colors bleeding into each other. She's also quite a master with the scissors, surprising me with how quickly she snips up a great style! She is a National Paul Mitchell Educator, and really takes the time to understand what you're trying to achieve, and advises you on what's best for your hair. I know the other stylists there are fantastic as well, as I've had them work on me a few times, partially because they help each other out very efficiently. Sometimes they get busy, and they especially help each other out then; I've never felt neglected or like I was put into unsafe hands. Also, my husband sees other stylists there, and they've done a great job with him. They're all very friendly, great to talk to, very considerate of your comfort and unique hair needs, and really take an interest in you; remembering you and making you feel appreciated. In closing, if you value your hair, your salon experience, and can afford the finer things, go to Atmosphere Salon!
3	Had great coloring experiences and not so great haircuts. Tried to stick with them, but it was just one mediocre cut after another.Great location, and ahem, atmosphere.
5	I am not that picky on getting my hair cut/did... And usually don't have an exact idea of what I want. BUT everytime I go in, I leave a happy camper!
5	Atmosphere rocks! Had to get my hair done for a wedding and Google Maps took me to North Scottsdale in the opposite side of town. When I couldn't find the salon, I called them in panic mode as I knew they were fully booked and I was already running late. They gave me directions that were easy to follow and managed to work me into their schedule despite my late (45 minutes!) arrival. They even walked out of the salon to look out for my car as the entrance is sort of hard to see from 7th Street.I was greeted with freshly brewed cappuccino and water and given a tour of the salon. I don't remember everyone's names but the girl who did my color was great. The color came out just right, the shampoo was followed by an awesome scalp massage. They were even able to fit me in for an express pedicure while my color was processing. The pedicure was great, you sit in a reclining chair, totally relaxing and hard not to fall asleep. Prices were also reasonable. A+
5	I LOVE ATMOSPHERE! Not only does my hair look great when i leave here but it's super healthy too! Jaime is my stylist and she is amazing. she always listens to what i want and makes it happen. And the music is great, too! Nothing better than jamming out while getting my hair done! Go see jaime and she will make your hair dreams come true!
1	I HATE THIS PLACE!!! I had the worst experience! I have a regular stylist who went back home to Chicago for the summer. I was approached about this salon and their new location. I called, explained my hair type and style and asked who would be best to serve me. The receptionist advised me which stylist would be best, and I booked the appointment. I showed up 10 minutes early. The stylist I was told would be styling that day, rudely informed me she was a level 5 stylist with a full client list and any stylist in the salon could do a good job. I should have walked out then, but I didn't. I told myself, "let's give the stylist a chance." I came in with my hair done as I always wear it, I explained exactly what I needed and wanted as well as showed the stylist pictures. I left in tears, she BUTCHERED my hair!! I was VERY disappointed, I will never step foot in that salon ever again! I wouldn't wish that experience on anyone! :(I have been to different hair salons trying to find a stylist that fits me. I was hoping to finally end this long search. This is why despite my initial interaction, I decided to give the younger stylist a chance. I honestly, was hoping to find someone I could rely on regularly. My current stylist is always in and out of town. She has done this for many years and this is no longer a job to her its hobby so she's not always available.This was a complete disaster, I left in tears and cried for 3 hours. I had to go to Fantastic Sam's near my home to help clean up the mess the stylist left me with. I wear a sassy short hair cut but not a MULLLET! With the extensive explaining, and pictures I for sure thought I would leave at the least satisfied or with something I could work with! I cannot do anything but wait for this disaster to grow out. I am devistated, and I would think twice, three, even four times before you take a risk at this salon. I will say this, the salon lay out is nice, and the atomosphere is upbeat however, the skills ARE JUST NOT THERE!!!
5	I went to Atmospere originally because I needed a change and a friend had a free cut coupon.  I figured I'd give it a shot, and I am so so glad I did.  Jaime cut 10 inches off and gave me a cut I get complimented on all the time!  The salon itself has a great vibe and is always neat and clean.  The staff is friendly and helpful and even the stylists who don't cut my hair remember my name and say hi.  But, by far, the best thing about Atmosphere is that I get a fantastic cut every time.  Jaime is always asking for feedback and wants to make sure my hair looks great.  A haircut this great, in this fantastic an atmosphere, with such awesome staff is worth every penny.
2	My hair cut - no - TRIM at this salon took two and a half hours.  Granted, I did get some special deep conditioning treatment that had to sit on my head for  30 minutes - but that still left me with a two hour long hair cut.  Geez lousie.The stylist was obviously very new and maybe trying to impress her boss who was near by.  She was explaining to me every.single.thing. she was doing and why, and then explained every single product she was using.  She was a nice, sweet gal - she just took forever.  I had to postpone plans I had that evening because this easy hair cut took well over the 90 minutes I had budgeted.
5	Just got homel from the shortest haircut ever and am THRILLED. I think Shannel cut every hair on my head individually! All kidding aside, this is a terrific, friendly, professional salon.  I am not a youngster but felt right at home. And I highly recommend Shannel.  Excellent stylist and very personable.  I think I have found my haircare home.
5	Dear Shannel, how I love your styling techniques and professionalism.  Your informative ways and nice scalp massage really were swell:)  First time here, definitely not the last!  The decor is chic, the staff is friendly and they even offer lattes! I was asked to fill out a little question and answer before getting my 'do did, and I was delighted to find that my stylist went through it and talked with me about my answers.  My hair going in was a hot mess and coming out, *insert Ron Burgundy voice* "EVERYONE, COME SEE HOW GOOD I LOOK!"  I highly recommend this salon if you're looking to take your frumpy, lifeless locks to the next level.
5	This is one of the best salons in Phoenix. All of the stylists  here are VERY good, and some are quite well known.  Ask for Ariel as she used to be an instructor at Paul Mitchell and is highly skilled with color as well as being an extremely talented cutter. They also give you a really amazing neck and scalp massage at this place when you get your hair cut here. That alone is worth coming here. Great ambiance! I would recommend Atmosphere over any other salon in the area.
1	Do yourself a favor and go elsewhere!  3 hours for a "partial highlight" I went running out of the salon with wet hair! Worst experience in a salon ever...
4	Well...well...well.  What can I say!  A pretty dang good experience here!  Made my appointment...oh, about an hour in advance!  Got there was greeted promptly.  Got a peach tea.  And waited for my hair person.  Lauren!  Never having been there, I wasn't sure what to expect.  She was cute as a button and professional to boot!Let's just say...she was great! When she asked me what I wanted, I whipped out my phone to show her a picture...when she saw it, she then asked if I wanted to see another picture.  She grabbed her phone, showed me...and the rest is history!  She laid my color, set me to process, cut, styled and I was on my way!  Not too much of the chit chat going on.  Just the right amount.  When I explained I was going out after, she curled my hair for a night out...with the cutest loose beachy waves! First time there...and I will definitely be back!Only drawbacks...it is really warm in there!  And...it is slightly pricey!
5	I'm what I would call a hair stylist gypsy, never quite satisfied to return to the same person more than a few times as I'm never completely satisfied and probably delusional about expecting them to somehow magically make me look like George Clooney.  But after passing this groovy looking salon enough today I went in.  Loved the space and the comprehensive consultation.  Jamie was my stylist and she was top notch and gave me the best cut I've had in a long time.  One of the few times I didn't go immediately into the bathroom to redo the do.  It doesn't hurt that they also have killer Paul Mitchell product to.
5	I have been going to Atmosphere for many years. I originally went to the salon at their old location at Thomas and followed them to their gorgeous upgraded location near Camelback. Everyone is so friendly, nice and beautiful in the salon. Afton is my hair stylist and I trust her completely with my hair. I always take her direction when it comes to a new cut or style. She is great, friendly, and I always love me hair when I leave.I also love the nail services in the salon. Vera will make you feel like a million bucks and you will leave with perfect perfect perfect nails. She also has available quick dry nail polish which is vegan and free of scary chemicals. The polish dries super fast and I have no chips for two weeks. I love this place and would highly recommend it to anyone!
4	I have had a couple of bad haircuts at this place, but for the most part I have been pleased with the results. The people are very friendly and always have a good story to tell. The location on Melrose is great. I recommend this place for a nice, affordable haircut. Pros: People Watching, good value.
5	To me this salon is so different from others. Stuff and atmosphere is so friendly. My hair were done by Robert. I couldn't believe they can look so good. Haircut, highlights, low-lights, red lights :) everything was mixed extremely professionally on my head. Robert is a great person and gives so much positive energy to his clients. His service is not only about good looking but also about good feeling and confidence.
4	I love this place. They always make you feel so welcome and at home. They do a fantastic job, and really listen when you tell them what you want.
