5	Who knew Edinburgh had a Farmers Market? Not me! This might just be my new favourite thing in Edinburgh. I took my mum here on Saturday because she always raves about the Farmers Market at home which unfortunately only happens once a month. Every Saturday between 9 am and 2 pm this market appeals selling the finest local produce. Each week there are different vendors so check the website before you go. There are stalls selling various kinds of sausages/beef/fish/venison from local farms. Great if you like your meat to be of a good quality and not so much battery farmed. Other favourites included the Strawberry stand which didn't have strawberries yet but had some delicious homemade jam, I look forward to strawberry season so I can get my fix. There was a natural, health food stand which had samples of the most delicious humus imaginable. I'm kicking myself for not buying some. Everyone seemed to be milling around munching porridge from the Stoats van, I would have been tempted but we were heading for lunch and I did fill up on samples from all the stalls. The only bad thing was my mum bought some fruit buns and upon getting them home discovered they were stale. Bad show! The market is perhaps a tad more expensive than the supermarket, but you are paying for a lot higher quality and supporting local businesses so it is a price worth paying.
5	Every Saturday at 9am there's a little commotion under the Castle. It's nothing else other than Edinburgh's finest Farmer's Market. I have very fond memories of Saturday mornings strolling the numerous small booths packet with lovely produce. From meat/fish stalls to fruit drinks and cakes and sweets, its a great treat for your nose and taste buds!  The stalls are not the same from week to week and if you are curious check out their website for more details.Prices can vary-mostly they are a  little too harsh for the (admittedly) shallow student pocket,but you pay for organic local produce and it can be worth it! It's not big but it certainly is fun, and with a back drop of the castle and the smell of caramelised onions and fresh flowers who can really complain?
4	There's always something more exciting about buying your food from a market for some reason. Maybe it's the variety of buying bits and bobs from different stalls, which is just a bit more fun than wandering the refrigerated aisles of a supermarket and doing everything very clinically. I know supermarkets are dependable, convenient, and there for a reason, but the old school feel of bantering away with the primary producers of the food you're buying definitely makes food shopping a more enjoyable process.This is pretty scenic as markets go, with the backdrop of Edinburgh Castle and the variety of delightful wares on offer on a Saturday. Everything just looks so much more appealing when it's laid out in market fashion.  The last time I came here I absolutely wanted something from every stall, as it all looks amazingly fresh and tasty. There are a lot of meat stalls, selling specialities like venison and wild boar, plus fish, eggs, cheese, bread, fruit and veg, and chutney and conserves.
5	There really is nothing like a walk along castle terrace on a saturday morning when the Farmers Market is on.Its like you have stepped out of the city centre and have wound up in a small rural market village with the locals selling thier wares - which I guess it actually is, but on a much bigger sale.There are so many stalls, showing so many different and often amazing products - fresh meat, cheese and even one place that was selling various flavoured gins. Needless to say with free samples, that was our favourate stall. There is a real atmosphere of fun and happiness here - all the stall owners are friendly and chatty, and the general hubbub of the stalls crying out to advertise their products and the voices of those who are just chattering as they walk about is amazing.I strongly suggest you go, even if it is just to walk around and take in the atmosphere.
5	I like nothing better than a farmers market. I get so excited buying fresh meats and cheeses thinking of what I can make for lunch with them and then coming home to sit outside for a huge brunch, it's bliss. This particular farmers market has to be one of my favourite ones ever because as well as a huge selection of products at various different stalls, it also has the most perfect location with picturesque views across Edinburgh and of Edinburgh Castle - perfect!I totally agree with the other reviewers - the atmosphere here is amazing, I guess it's impossible to be in a bad mood at a Farmers Market especially when the sun is shining and you're in such a beautiful city. The market starts at 9am every Saturday morning so get up nice and early and have a leisurely stroll around, the perfect start to the weekend!
5	I'm the same as Amy G - I didn't even know this existed until quite recently! I wish I did though, I would have been here every single week!It has such a lovely atmosphere and the people are absolutely lovely! It's like all of Edinburgh's finest congregate here, only the good people get in. A bit like Lost (but who really knows what Lost is about anyway).The food is amazing, all local and all fresh. I think I've found my new night to cook! Every Saturday I vow, fellow yelpers, to come to the Farmers Market, buy delicious food and cook it in the evening. you're welcome to join.
5	Despite the fact they're all inbred rapists who will shoot you in the head for coming within 200 metres of their land, you have to admire the farmers for the quality of their produce. Edinburgh Farmer's market isn't the biggest one I've ever seen, but it's a great testament to the mantra of quality over quantity, and the picturesque and central location gives it that bit of extra oomph.I picked up the tastiest pork chops I've ever eaten from here a couple of weeks ago, as well as some fancy sausages. For a carnivore like me this place ticks more or less every single box.
5	Ok, so it's something of a rarity for me to be out of my bed before midday on a Sunday, but if and when I am I make a point of heading to the Farmers Market.Although I love living in Edinburgh, the one thing that gets on my nerves is the fact that everything either comes from a mass chain supermarket or a pretentious and overpriced deli. Which is where the farmers market comes in handy.Yes, in terms of price range it's more on a par with the delis than the supermarkets, but the quality is a whole different thing altogether. Whether you want jams, cheeses, stuff to hang on the wall in your kitchen (not really my thin, but I'm sure some people love it!) or meat then you should put this in your diary for this sunday.Even if you don't buy anything, it's ideal just for a wander through.
5	I'm adding to the adoration of this wonderful weekly event, on the beautiful Castle Terrace. The fact that it's weekly only fills me with more joy, and the prospect of home-made roast chicken dinners, with organic veg - or perhaps a venison pie - every Sunday should I so choose.On a very frosty, cold and damp Saturday morning I popped along here around 9.30 and it already had quite a crowd. Sadly I had already eaten breakfast or I would have been spoilt for choice with either some Stoats porridge, a coffee and Valvona&Crolla pain au chocolat, or a Falko Kondemeiter pretzel. Or, should I have arrived there later, perhaps for lunch an Oink! sandwich, Puddleduck farm burger, boar burger, venison haggis, neeps 'n tatties....and it goes on!As all the other reviewers have explained, there's a whole host of different stalls here from local suppliers (some of whom I've mentioned above). My other personal favourites are the Chocolate Tree (with fresh hot chocolate to hand) and Creelers (best fish in the city). There's also fine foods, such as caviar, cheese, jam from Perthshire (I spent my youth picking berries there!), handmade soaps, every type of game and meat (pheasant, guinea fowl, chicken, lamb, venison, wiild boar, duck, beef). It is a fresh foodie paradise come true. If you like to cook, and like good Scottish fare, you really can't beat the Farmer's Market. And even if you aren't a cook, come here just for the venison haggis. It sounded amazing!
3	I dunno, I am struggling here. I shall return later on in the year when hopefully there is more in season, which will help give me some perspective, but visiting the market on Saturday, there was plenty meat-related stalls, one token jam and one token cheese stall (Arran, which I can find pretty easily anywhere, so would argue that i would rather see something readily less available selling their wares), with a couple of stalls (half of a stall) selling something of the vegetable nature - potatoes, carrots, celeriac and swede. So, I make my own jam, not worried about the cheese and I don't eat meat. Will say, the Falko stall did look appetising with their choices of breads, but that really was the extent of my interest. Note: in regards to the above comment regarding cheese - understand that it is down to who decides to hire a stall will dictate who will be present at a market, but it would be nice to see some alternatives that would broaden the options! Given that I could buy the majority locally regardless at places like Fenton Barns, I just don't have a reason to make the trek to town. Perhaps later on in the year, there will be more options for me that would inspire me to return, but at the moment, I am not in a rush.
5	Have you heard about the Farmer's Market? Every single Saturday, 9 - 2pm on Castle Terrace, Edinburgh's cornucopia of fresh food and produce literally spilleth o'er.For some reason, whilst a great deal of people have heard of the Farmer's Market, there's also quite a few who haven't. Case A: my own father. A huge advocate of organic farming and fresh food, and a lover of cooking. Yet when I told him I was going to the Farmer's Market on Saturday, he replied "the what?" Me: "Um, yeah, it's on every week." Him: "REALLY?!" Farmer's Markets are a wonderful Scottish (British?) tradition but, traditionally, are only every month. Here in our grand Capital we have one every week on our door step and Edinburgh's finest come out to fill your baskets (or Yelp tote bags!) with as much fresh produce and delciously tempting treats as you can manage.Grab a coffee or tea from one of the red police boxes at either end. If you get there early, why not have a fresh pot of Stoats porridge oats (one option is with a shot of whisky!) Lunchtime? There's puddledub burgers, Oink sandwiches, venison stovies, fresh cooked smoked trout, and german pretzels a-plenty. Got friends coming round for tea? Pick up some freshly baked German delights (the queue at Falko's is relentless!) or Italian baked goods at Valvona's. Making supper? Try some buffalo, or venison, or beef, or fish, with some organic veg. Going for a stroll around town? There's The Chocolate Tree's new gellato (which sells out pretty quickly!)Along with wines, soaps, leather goods, and as much fresh food as you can shake your wellies at, the Farmer's Market really is a complete gem that is too good to pass up. It was busy all day, people's bags really were brimming as they left, and even better its supporting local businesses, keeping food local (cutting the carbon footprint) and it's all very, very good for you for that reason (even the Oink sandwich and Rose and Champagne gellato I had. And the cherry turnover Chris M had. Honest.)
5	I pretty much just love the farmers market!A valvona coffee to get me awake followed up by a buffalo sausage roll and im ready for some shopping.For qaulity youll struggle to find a better shop anywhere, from lamb to beef to any meat your sorted. Seafood courtesy of creelers and some guys from eyemouth and this becomes the third palce in Edinburgh to buy baby squid.Even if your not buying its great to walk along  get a roll, some porridge or a coffee and just enjoy the vibrance and the bustle of the market.I think it says everything about this market that it went from one week in four, then to two weeks to now being weekly and its growing. Im delighted to see that the good people of Edinburgh are willing to come out and support regional Scottish producers.Puddledub Sausages =  the best you will EVER taste!!!!
5	A great place to spend Saturday morning, stocking up on fresh local produce. stalls include local game, seafood & meat as well as cakes,breads,cheesed, pate & jam. Highly recommend a buffalo or  ostrich burger to munch on while you choose your purchases......
4	I leapt out of bed in terror at twenty past noon today, thinking I was going to miss the Market because I'd overslept. My day's plans hinged on visiting the Market! In forty minutes I was showered, dressed and out the door, determined to make it for the last leg of the Saturday Farmers' Market.So very glad I did - when I got there, mildly lightheaded from dashing out on an empty stomach, I immediately filled up with a coffee from a box conveniently located at the very start (or end?) of the market and a sausage roll from one of the stalls. Revived, I was ready for a good wander and a peer at the wares.This market is smaller than I'm used to, but coming from Seattle, where fresh produce and local meats are essentially worth their weight in gold, I'm spoiled. Despite its size, the market has everything you could want - plenty of juicy local meats, fresh-caught seafood, fruit and veg, cheese, honey, soap... trucks from Oink and Well Hung and Tender were also on hand, frying up tasty grub for the lunchtime crowd. Everything is fresh and local, so if you're a discerning shopper, the market is right up your alley. I'll definitely be back to peruse the wares, and perhaps try more of the ready-made foods. What could be better than eating your lunch, directly from the grocer, in the shadow of the castle?
5	I think the Edinburgh Farmers Market is maybe my favourite place in the city? Ever since I discovered it last year, I would go every weekend. It's a great place to visit on the weekend, everyone is very friendly, and there does seem to be a community vibe. It starts at 9 am and goes till 2. However, if you really wanna get the best stuff sometimes its more beneficial to go at about 830. Thats when a lot of the locals go to get first pick on the produce. The stalls shift around every week, but there are a few that will always be there like Stoats, Puddledub, Chocolate Tree, North country Lass, etc. (if you really wanna know who will be there check out the webpage at http://www.edinburghfarmersmarket.co.uk )it can get quite exciting on certain weeks when people like when 'Slow Food' come by and bring chefs in to cook all the local produce. For example, last weekend they had Scottish chef of the year from Cafe St Honore. I tried some of the food and it was delicious, now I wanna go!! (but thats another story) Anyways, I suggest getting out on a Saturday morning, grab a coffee and some brekky and walk around. The smell of all the food in the morning is really relaxing, and it's a great way to discover Scottish food!
5	So in my whiteness I opted to check out the local farmer's market. Where is it you ask? Oh, it's under the castle. No big deal, just buying fresh fruits and vegetables at King Edward I and Mary, Queen of Scots' house.I think the market may actually be from medieval times because there's like pheasants hanging on hooks, pickled everything, 231 types of jam, a mulled wine stand and people selling flowers. Oh, and a dragon.
5	I've grown to really love this market.You have East Coast organics selling their amazing fresh produce at such great prices, there are all kinds of fresh meat to buy including cooked stalls for meat eaters and vegetarians a like. And I adore the Chocolate Tree's stall where they sell fab ice cream, some is even vegan!There are plenty cheese stalls, places to sit and enjoy the Scottish weather, it's actually been really great over the past few months.There are slight variations each week but always worth a visit.Highly recommended for local delicious food and sorts :)
5	Say what? It's been 2 years since I reviewed the Edinburgh Farmer's Market. And not a thing has changed, in the best of ways.Every single Saturday from 9am - 1.30pm, some of Edinburgh, Fife and Perthshire's best suppliers and businesses roll up to sell their fresh, delicious wares - it's like a carnival of the best of fresh, Scottish produce.Those tourists who believe Scottish food is only fish n' chips, and anything deep fried? Or that all we have to eat are mars bars and Irn Bru? Send them to the Farmer's Market.Those locals who sigh at the rising prices in supermarkets, or are underwhelmed by the produce on offer? Send them to the Farmer's Market.Those locals who are health-conscious / environmentally aware / want to avoid GMO and eat the best quality produce, that's locally produced? Send them to the Farmer's Market?Foodies, either local or tourists, that might want a freshly baked almond croissant from Italian Valvonna & Crolla for breakfast; or a German 100% rye bread or Pretzel for elevenses; or an Oink pulled-pork hog roast roll for lunch; or Stoats porridge for breakfast; or some venison stovies; or some pancakes with fresh raspsberry jam? Send them to the Farmer's Market.I am always surprised when locals tell me they haven't heard, or been to, the Famer's Market. There is such a range of stalls, some local businesses like The Chocolate Tree selling hand-made chocolate, Oink selling their infamous hog roast rolls, Valvonna & Crolla and Falko Konditormeister covering the Italian and German offerings respectively, to the local food suppliers, from fish, venison, Well Hung n Tender beef burgers, venison steaks and stovies, fresh vegetables and jams, as well as non-edible products like hand-made soaps, and of course some wine and beers. Sometimes some vodka and gin too.You can wander through here and pick up something to eat on the go. You can come here to buy Saturday or Sunday dinner (like I did) and come out with some of the highest quality venison steak, some German bread for lunch time sandwiches, and eat like a King.Bring cash, come hungry, and come with ample time to browse. It is things like the Farmer's Market that make Edinburgh the wonderful place that it is. Long may it continue.
5	I'm all about the Farmers Market and this is a beauty! I just can't believe it took me over two years to get to it!Every Saturday come rain or shine, there are loads of producers from across Scotland and Northern England here to sell their fantastically fresh, fully traceable produce. There's dirty carrots, organic veggies, fresh fish, juicy steaks (lamb, beef, buffalo but to name a few). Fancy some carbs - this is pie central with luxurious meal in itself pies. Missed your brekkie - stock up on some porridge, drizzled with whisky to put hairs on your chest. Even Oink, amazingly busy in Victoria St, has a pitch here, so once you've stocked up, you can reward yourself with an grunter - a roll stuffed with hog roast, crackling, stuffing (haggis or sage and onion) and the sauce of your choice. Being gluten free, I pass on the rolls and the stuffing but I've never had any issues having the hog roast and the crackling - yum, yum.
5	What an astonishing combination of wee stalls and great products!Between the two smallest cafees on wheels I've ever seen, there's a real heaven for food lovers (like me). The cheese selection was amazing and very tempting. If I lived in Edinburgh I had surely tried every single flavour, saturday after saturday. And what about honey? or jam? or smoked fish? You must go there to understand and to keep in your mind and heart (and bag) your preferred bite of happiness.My first stop to eat something on site was at Porridge Stoat's Bar. I had only seen porridge in some tv fiction or movie and it was almost always depicted as the best ingredient of a tasteless breakfast. But I wanted to try by myself...and soon I felt pampered by its smooth and delicious flavour. I chose the strawberry jam topping, but I guess that every choice would have been delicious as well.The second tasty stop was at the Well Hung and Tender stall of the MacPherson family. Simple food (hamburger, onions, cheddar) at its best.The last stop was to ask for a selection of 10 small chocolates at the Chocolate Tree stall. I brought the small bag to my b&b room as a precious treasure, and it really was.The most variously flavoured piece in the mosaic of my holiday.
