1	About the 5th or 6th new name this place has been under in about 3 years.  Decor is the only thing causing it to even get a star.   first off, doors say free wifi.  nope, only for the ordering system.secondly, as first timers, asked what was good...EVERYTHING.  Asked about one item..."I would not order that."  Too funny.  Of 2 orders, 1 correct 1 not.  Only one other table ordering food, so kitchen was not busy.  sandwich and side were wrong.  even got extra sides I did not want.  HINT:  only order the slaw if you REALLY like mayonnaise.   Correction...LOVE mayonnaise.  The recommended item was nothing to write home about at least not nicely.Service was ok, had to ask multiple times about drinks, they were left at bar, forgotten.Parking would be a problem if anyone was going there, very few spaces, but with all the open chairs it is a good fitI think I'll just wait for the next version of this to open, can't see why we'd go back.
3	I really like this place for a lunch option. They have several choices on their menu from burgers to pizza. The inside is newly expanded to include a bar area. Definitely a place to check out.
1	Used to come here all the time before they supposedly updated their establishment..  More like downgraded, their food is horrible now! Weird wanna be american sports bar atmosphere, out of several items just that day supposedly. Bad service and bad food, won't be back here.
4	Been going here since it was mesa grill. After all is said and done the owners found a winner with this sports . 2 pool tables, beautiful bar, very easy to read simple and delicious menu. Went here for sunday football and they have the sunday ticket with viewable screens and decent specials.
2	I'll start by saying their food is decent. Thats all I have to say positive though. Our server didn't write any of our 5 orders down and then came back two more times to ask my husband what he ordered and sent another server to ask my brother in law what he had ordered with his wings. Then all of our food came out separate and not by a few minutes.. It had to have been 20-25 minutes between the time I got my food and the time the last person got theirs. Will not be back and will not recommend this place to anyone I know.
2	I'm only giving two stars because they do not have one single thing on the menu that is gluten free. With a gluten free diet being so popular now days, I would think they would have at least a few items to offer. Otherwise it seems clean and comfortable. We ordered two ice teas. They seemed watered down and sort of bitter. I think the water that makes the ice must be pretty gross.
1	Cool little atmosphere. Food was not good at all and completely regretted coming here for food. I would maybe come back for drinks but that's about it.
1	Food sucks,  they need a better chef or quality of food they are buying,  $4.00 for a salad that was served in a bowl for cereal for a  five year old. Ordered what I thought was a staple appetizer because they named it after Larry Fitzgerald of the AZ Cardinals and it sucks just as bad as the team, it came out cold the first time and then I've never tasted burnt deep fried food but that is what the second time came out to be. The quesdilla was overloaded with peppers and very bland.  Beer is the choice for here, avoid food at all costs.
4	Just had the build your burger and was great would have it again and suggest it Also cold ass beer !
5	This place is fantastic! We come here for football and all day happy hour. Tuesdays are awesome too! Their fireball and pints are $2 all day. I always order their french dip sandwhich and have recently tried their "big burger draft" and it was fantastic. We will definitely be back!
5	We moved to this area two months ago and Chelsea always treats us right!! Service is great, sandwiches are great wings are awesome! atmosphere is fun Tons of TVs! Great place to hang out and watch your favorite game. We will keep coming back!
1	Don't bother- we went on a Wed night - the server was busy w/ her texing and her friends - over charged us -and double charged us( ran the credit card x2) the supposed owner was less the helpful.  The food is shit  for  a  place that only does - sandwiches , wings and burgers . The wings tasteless , the fries cold. - go else where
5	This was fun. Didn't eat anything. Just drank. Great place to make friends. Great beer.
