4	This is a restaurant/bar which offers a broad menu of items in a relaxed environment.  We found the food pretty good (try the smoked meat!), and the service was reasonably good.
4	Good food. Good service. Gets busy but we got there early. I had the veggie pizza. It was great. Deep dish, served in the pan. Buy one get one coupons. Great deal. They speak French and English. Free wifi. I will definitely return.
3	Hmm, was not impressed with my last visit,  the service was awful and the food just average. The only best part about Barbies is their baked potato. However the location is great for families who want to throw a birthday party or just pretty much anything for groups of folks to much over some great time. With that said if you like baked potatoes, please do try the baked potatoes here. I dont know how they make it but they actually mix the potatoe with cream cheese and stuff it back in the potatoe with cheese on top. The word YUM with even caps lock does not cover the taste that I am trying to describe.
5	This is actually one of my favorite restaurants. I've been coming at this specific Barbies for almost a decade, it's always been a family tradition for special events. I absolutely love that they keep sending coupons in the mail which make for a very affordable meal. Coupons are "buy 1 meal,  get the other free if it's 11$ or less, you pay the extra.My favorite dish is the filet of sole which comes with an amazing cesar salad, rice, and monte carlo which is the best you'll ever have.Portions are huge! People always bring doggy bags home.Although they've made many changes to their restaurant, in terms of decor and prices over the years, food has always been consistently good. This place used to be very casual cool, brick walls, neon signs, with wacky interior props like a vintage bathtub at the entrance full of peanuts and jukebox and licence plates on the walls. Now, it looks more like your family dine in restaurant, dim lighting, shades of brown and beige, which doesn't feel original.They still serve complimentary popcorn on request and as long as the food is good and cheap, I'll keep going.
3	Large menu, reasonably priced and always has coupon deals that makes it a great place to spend the night with friends for cheap.The food isn't to die for but it is good old fashion Canadian food. Great poutines, good club sandwich and fun atmosphere:) Next time I want to try the baked potato hear it is yummy.Sure it get's busy sometimes but that is part of the charm.The service is great, wait staff is friendly and bilingual which is a plus for me.
3	This place was fine.  They accepted me close to closing time, and did so with friendly service, so I give them credit for that. The regulars sitting around the bar got quiet for awhile after I walked in but eventually began chatting and hugging their beers again.  They were sweeping the floor all around me as I ate which is a big turn off - but then again I was there with just minutes to go before closing so I won't complain.  Don't be afraid to stop in this place for an average working class meal. As a previous reviewer said, "the food isn't to die for but it's good old fashioned Canadian food."  You can be sure the local hockey game will be on the big screen.
1	I hope I never have to go back there again. EVER!I'll start with my only positive point of the night: the waitress was good, polite, fast to serve us. I almost pitied her, having to deal with narrow alleys between rows of tables and no space what-so-ever to do her job in a huge reception room. Even if there was many waiters that helped each others to do the food service, the restaurant had just overbooked the place with so many groups in the same room.Otherwise, the food was very average (I took the seafood casserole), my veggies were saturated with olive oil and overcooked/burned. The chocolate cheesecake was stiff and not creamy at all. My husband took the langoustine (scampi) plate, and was very disappointed with the size of it for the price he had to pay.Since it was really crowded that night, it was very difficult to talk to our neighbors at our tables. Also, if you have toddlers: this is NOT a family restaurant. Your kids will get bored, and there's no room for them to play. You can't let them roam around the tables, because they'd get in the way of the waiters.Overall, a bad experience.
4	Actually was not as bad as i thought. I ordered the surf and turf amd it was pretty hood. The onion soup was a liytle salty but besides that i eas happy.
