5	This place is small but there r lots of outfits and play toys. The staff inside is wonderful very polite and she didn't bother me. I just walked r looking at all the stuff. The place is clean.
5	Omg! This place is the best! Even better than the website. I love Antrece she is sooooooo help and laid back. Give this woman a raise, best customer service! She explains and shows you everything. My husband and I will be returning for another purchase.
4	For all things involving love, lust and a little kinky, this is your store.  This store is located in the shopping center at the corner of Decatur and Cheyenne.  Overall, it's conveniently located but traffic can cause some trouble getting in and out of the shopping center. The store isn't very big but it's packed with anything and everything you could need.  In every shape, size, color and flavor.  They have a great selection of lingerie and costumes for dress up.  They also have plus size options for fuller figured women.  And guys don't worry, they have you covered.  There are plenty of thong options if that's what you're into.  They do carry different options for men's sexy underwear.  Now to the back of the store.  This particular Adam and Eve carries a great line of bachelorette party favors and supplies.  They also offer a great selection of games.  The variety of toys is endless.  Basically anything that you can think of, this place has it.  They offer several products from the 50 Shades of Grey line and the Kandi Burruss line.  This location does offer bigger priced items like the pillows, swings and other items that you just have to go in to see! The selection of lubricants, oils and lotions is impressive yet comparable to other adult stores in the Valley.  The staff at this location is always on point.  They are very helpful and make you feel comfortable from the moment that you walk in the door.  They are around to answer any questions you may have about products or offer suggestions if you just can't make up your mind.  I've even been in on a Friday night while they were having a Passion Party...not sure if that's the normal or if it can be scheduled through the store but the girls involved in the party seemed to be having the time of their lives.  Remember to check in on your yelp app and earn an extra 10% off and they also offer a $10 for $15 deal on the yelp app.  I always leave this store feeling comfortable and excited!
4	Very friendly staff and they don't make you feel awkward. Store is clean with a variety of products. Go later at night for more privacy.
5	Very friendly staff, and the store feels quite welcoming, even if it's a bit small. A+ service.
