5	I love this place. The Pineapple shrimp is unlike anything I've ever tasted. The staff is great and the place is very clean
5	The best Chinese food still around and good price.
3	I have been going with my co-workers to China Palace for a while now, so its about time to write a review!  The food in all honesty is alright.  It is pretty cheap and you pretty much get what you pay for.  What I do like about the place is the atmosphere.  It has a very family and homey environment.  China Palace has one of the friendliest staffs.I would recommend getting the Mongolian Chicken.  You can also ask for white meat option, which makes it a little bit more healthier.
4	I love how close China Palace is. Its always very quiet there. The tea is good. As are the prices and the dishes. Love my fried rice and sweet and sour chicken. There is no pineapple in the sweet and sour but the chicken is done right.  :)
2	This is only limited to one item I've gotten from here, the orange chicken, which I was hoping would at least be as good as Panda Express. Nope, way way worse. First off, it was breaded like sweet and sour chicken usually is. Never seen that before and definitely not what I wanted. Otherwise the people seemed friendly and it was a decent price. But if they can't figure out something as simple as orange chicken why should I bother to try anything else?I like New China down the street more.
4	Love the food here, way better than new china doen the street. My favorite is the Mongolian beef extra sauce!
5	Best Chinese food ever! And the staff is super nice as well :)
3	We were out this way, and decided to give a local place a try.  The food was decent, and the staff was super nice and friendly.  We tried the snow pea pork, mongolian beef, and the orange chicken.  For the most part, they were what I expected except for the orange chicken. It was nice that it was all white meat; however, it was more the style of what I would have expected in sweet/sour chicken - fried breaded chicken bites.  Hmmm.  Not horrible, but I'm not a fan of the breaded and deep fried.  The food was ready amazingly quick.
3	Not offensive, just not overly exciting either.  I may be back, or I may not.
4	I am a fan of China Palace, they deliver FAST and FREE... I often dont feel well enough to cook diner and i get into the 'mood' for soup and fried rice. Something about that combination for me is soothing. I do wish that they would offer a green bean with brown sause dish but everytime i ask- they dont have green beans, only snowpeas. :::(((The prices are very reasonable and they are very fast at delivering your order. some dishes are better than others- you have to try different things. The orange chicken is a bust here ::((Hot and sour soup is very good but i prefer a lot of tofu in my soup.Over all its a good value.
1	In East Mesa, you have to lower your standards for Chinese food or you will always be disappointed. Even knowing that this place wouldn't be outstanding, I went in optimistically. I should have taken the hint from being the only people in there on a Friday night at 6:30. Hands down, the worst Chinese food that I have ever had. I mean for real, this place was such a let down. Even the sketchy New China a mile down the road is quite good in comparison. Go somewhere else. Go anywhere else. Except if you're in their free-delivery area, then why the **** not. Actually, just get some frozen Chinese from Walmart, you'll like it more.
3	While shopping around for Chinese delivery in East Mesa, I found China Palace. Now I always cautious when trying chinese, but to my dismay their egg drop soup was delish and my favorite entree moo shu chicken was amazing. Now a few of the dishes my bf got were just ok with the exception of the Mongolian...little too much onion for my liking but still good. Also they deliver for free! Only one time did I wait what felt like an eternity for my food to be delivered but they gave me a $10 comp for next order. There good in my book, but I'll keep shopping...
5	It was our first time there tonight. It reminds me of my old Chinese spot back in Jersey. Smells good inside. Authentic and good food. That's gunna be out new Chinese spot. I recommended that place. Prices aren't bad either. A+++
1	So nasty, I would rather go to panda, I have no idea why they left the bone in the teriyaki chicken plate but it was nasty and I would never recommend it to anyone. I felt like crap the next day too.
2	So we visited this establishment on a nice a lonely night during Christmas break. I did my research on my beloved yelp and should have erred on the side of caution and "followed my guts" instinct.  Upon entry I realized this was going to suck...The lounging around nonchalant hostesses slowly took us to a seat, but it wasn't like rocket science, as there was only one other customer and his lady friend chomping on some food. We ordered our soda drinks which came in some real thin cup type things loaded with ice. Did they not have a fountain machine on site??? Not sure. Moreover, it came time to order.....we ordered our dishes and an app. Let me say that the Kung Pao that I ordered was the worse tasting dish I have ever had at any Chinese food place. Cutting corners aren't ya....With about 3 sticks of chopped celery. And a bunch of peanuts....not even real brown sauce. The app we got sucked as well. I felt like walking out after it appeared as though something suspicious was going on when the hippy looking cook came out to chill with the girls....dude this is not an authentic Chinese food place.  I understand that I am in east Mesa...but for real, panda express serves it much better than this place. I WISH I could get refunded the absurd amount of close to 40 bucks I spent on a family of three......for such little food and such a bunk tasting meal. Heck....I can rock the wok much better. We will never return and I will not have a menu for delivery in my humble home. Anyways caveat emptor....yuck...............
1	OK.  So this place seems to have undergone some sort of management change.  All of the old staff is gone and with it the service, cleanliness, and food.  We used to come here regularly but after last night I doubt we'll be going back.  We were greeted quickly and sat at a booth.  However, while we were walking to the booth you could clearly see food on the floor under the table.  No attempt was made to clean the floor.  We ordered Fried Rice which came cold.  The Kung Pao Vegetable plate was OK.  My wife ordered some chicken plate which she said was bland with no flavor.  I don't get it.  Why do restaurant owners forget what they are in business for.  All I want is good food and good service.  This restaurant missed the mark on both counts.
4	I crave Chinese food at least once a week and wanted to try something different from the usual place I always go to. Ordered for pick up, price is decent and food was nice. I ordered orange chicken combo which includes plain fried rice, a cream cheese puff and a veggie egg roll. The lady said I would be getting soup with my order also but I never got it. I didn't really care about the soup honestly though.The portions are filling, this isn't my favorite Chinese place but it would be my second choice. Definitely will be back
1	This place isn't even worth the 1 star. This is BY far the WORST Chinese food I've ever had in my life. All I ordered was chicken fried rice, and chicken wings. First the rice, by looks, it looked OK. Then I tried a bite, and it tastes like seafood. The "chicken" was dark gray, and had a very odd texture and was like chewing on a piece of rubber. Second the wings. I think these wings were cooked last week. They were SO dried out, i could barely bite into them. TOTAL waste of $$. I will NEVER go back to this place, and I would NEVER recommend it to anyone else.
2	This is strictly a review of the food. The service was good but the food could have been much better. I won't compare it or say I should have gone to XYZ, but its nothing to write home about in my opinion. Better options out there.
2	Food is ok, kind of bland. Chicken was chewy and cold. Nothing special about service either.
2	My bf picked up Chinese since I mentioned that I was craving some. We just moved to this area from out of state. Chinese food is scarce around here ! He bought shrimp lo mein which came with a fried rice, a cream cheese wonton and a veggie eggroll. Ehh.. The wonton was seriously lacking filling.  The eggroll was pretty mushy inside,  maybe sat around too much.  The shrimp lo mein had good flavor and shrimp was plump and not overcooked.  But it was overall pretty over seasoned or salty. I couldnt keep eating.  The only pro would be that they deliver.  Otherwise I'll keep searching for a good Chinese joint to satisfy the need next time.
5	Best chinese takeout in the area.  It ain't magic, but of the 10 or so places I've tried in Mesa, this one wins.
