5	This is AMAZING!!  First you choose what you want from the menu- ice cream (17% fat and DELICOUS), custard, frozen yogurt or soy ice cream.  They pour it as a liquid into a big metal bowl.  Then you choose from a large list of flavorings.  For example if you want chocolate flavored ice cream they will add chocolate syrup or hot fudge to the liquid.  Then you choose toppings.  Think cold stone creamery here... you can add candy, fruit, nuts, ect.  Then with a metal spoon and while blowing liquid nitrogen on the bowl with "stuff" they mix up and freeze your concoction right in front of you.The kids had a blast.  The ice cream was so good.  A kid size bowl is inexpensive and more than plenty of sugar.  It is big.My only complaint is that they are closed on Sundays.  :(
4	Awesome. Just... awesome. My boyfriend and I went here last night and fell in love. There are four steps to sub zero ice cream - choose your size, choose your base (premium ice cream, custard, yogurt, or soy), choose your flavors (as many as you want!), and choose your mix ins (one included). We were really excited to see soy on the menu, because most ice cream places don't really cater to the lactose intolerant or vegan.I ordered the a small cake batter and mint yogurt with chocolate chips. The ice cream slinger poured liquid yogurt into the bowl, then squirted flavor in there, as well as the chocolate chips. Then, she sent it over to another ice cream maker, who put it under liquid nitrogen. The whole counter erupts into a mass of billowing fog. The kids who were in the shop were entranced, and I'm not going to lie - I kind of was too! The small was more than I could eat - soo much frozen yogurt! And it was absolutely amazing. It was the coldest frozen yogurt I've ever eaten, but it was never freezer burned. It still retained its' creaminess.My boyfriend got a small premium ice cream with dutch honey and maple flavors, mixed in with walnuts and brownies mixed in. WOW. It was delicious.  It is a great place for kids, and the ice cream is amazing. There are also more choices here than I've ever seen at any ice cream place, from the mix ins to the flavors to the bases. The people working were also great and customer service is key!
5	The selection and quality rival other premium ice cream destinations, but the liquid nitrogen sends this place over the top.
5	Well, my Granddaughter fell in love with this crunchy Ice Cream at the Oakland A's Spring Training Stadium and just had to have it again. Made crunchy by the liquid nitrogen used to freeze it right before your eyes.Quite a trip from where we live (Ahwatukee) but we decided to make it one Friday after school, to see if we still loved it as much as the first time.WE DID! Both of us!Fun to watch them make it and fun to decide on mix-ins, etc. It is also VERY good quality Ice Cream, although a bit colder than normal Ice Cream. The owner said it would NOT be as crunchy as at the Ballpark, because that was outside so they made it colder so it wouldn't melt so fast.Suggest you pay attention to the first choice - "butterfat." We both selected the richest and it compares very favorably to our favorite - Haggen Daz. Very rich and creamy.The Ice Cream parlor is clean and neat and obviously ownership takes pride in what they do! A fun experience and a wonderful treat to eat, plus they offer a "Yelp Discount" which is very nice. In spite of the distance, we will be returning, I am certain.
5	I went to Sub Zero after it was highly recommended (pushed really) by a friend of mine. In fact, she insisted on taking me and I am so glad she did. When we arrived it was fairly busy but the line moved quickly enough. I chose to have a small with the premium base (of course!) with a coffee (mocha?) flavoring and almonds.  The small was the perfect amount, I'm not sure I could have finished a larger size. My ice cream was too cold to get my spoon into, so I asked them to stick it in the microwave for a few seconds. Instead they made me a whole new one! I was grateful, but felt kind of bad for complaining. The second one they made was the perfect consistency and was absolutely delicious. My friend had a smoothie and it was really good as well.I have to say, the cool factor is not lost on me.  I absolutely cannot wait to take my kids!
5	I don't care if you're 5 or 50, this place ROCKS!First off--easy to find--they face away from the street but their name is in giant letters on the back of the building too, so you find it easily in the strip mall.They explain the entire process carefully and if you ask, the girl will even give you her recommendations on which flavors go well with what bases.  LISTEN TO THEM!  They know.The process is so fun to watch that I took a video for myself.  I'm easily entertained, you could argue.  I also love ice cream.  Anything with liquid nitrogen should be given SOME cool factor.My ice cream was AMAZING.  Smooth, creamy, with a good distribution of flavors!  Husband went with a combination she said didn't go well together and it showed.  I definitely recommend picking a heavier base, custard or something, unless you have to pick a non-dairy option.  My soy was good because I paired it with heavy flavors.  Husband tried light base with light flavors: yogurt + Pepsi and it tasted like the foam on the Pepsi when you first pour it--smells yummy but just isn't dense or as satisfying as the Pepsi itself.The funny thing is that if you screw it up, you can only blame yourself--after all, you pick your own ingredients.  My friend who recommended this is AWESOME and I was so thrilled with the experience.  I heard if you have kids they'll do tricks with the stuff and show how it works in a more fun way.  It was awesome from my adult-ish perspective as well! I checked in with Yelp and got $1 off! :)
5	In my opinion its better than Cold Stone, and due to the fact you can choose the fat content of your base you can make your ice cream as sinful or healthy as you want.
2	This place was a disappointment. I thought it was going to be really cool, but I actually found it to be a bit weird. The employees weren't super friendly and didn't explain how the process worked, just said 'you want ice cream?' .... um, yes. So on their website they have a 'favorite' that was coconut ice cream with strawberries, pineapple, and coconut flakes. Then when I got there, the menu said it had mixed berries... not strawberries and pineapple. I still decided to get it. I ordered a small and got a huge portion. The ice cream had a weird texture and was not creamy like I would have expected. In addition, some of the berries just tasted like hard gas.... it was truly gross. The BF got the peanut butter and chocolate concoction. His was better, but had some parts that only had the cream, no flavor.... and that tasted weird. I would much rather go someplace that uses fresh ingredients and makes ice cream the old fashioned way....without the gimmick....
3	I liked it a lot, they had good ice cream and I really like the concept of making it in front of you with liquid nitrogen. How ever the service is extremely slow, there were only two people running the place, and the mint ice cream was stronger than peperpmint. It tasted like eating a whole pack of peppermint gum. Over all I give this place 3 stars for my last experience.
5	OH! This place is so fun!  Kids and adults will love this experience! SOOOOO much better than Cold Stone. The possibilities are endless and the product is delicious! Go! It's awesome to see your ice-cream take form right before your eyes.
2	Meh.  I've experienced better.  That sums it up.We had a Groupon Now and decided to check this place out.  I looked it up online before we went and was excited to bring the kid and show her the cool science.We got there and luckily it wasn't busy bc we had no clue what to do or how to order.  Un-luckily, the person behind the counter was not friendly nor helpful.  If I hadn't looked it up online ahead of time I wouldn't have even known this wasn't a 'normal' ice cream place.  The man explained nothing to us, which was a bit of a disappointment.  As a new customer, I really wanted them to walk me through the process.  And trust me, you could tell this was our first visit by our 'what are we supposed to do?' questions.  The ice cream tasted good.  I liked that you could choose if you wanted full-fat, low fat, etc.  But if you gave me this ice cream and Coldstone I wouldn't have been able to tell the difference.  I doubt we'll go back.
5	My favorite ice cream in the valley - I love science, and I love it even more when it makes even better ice cream!
4	Cryogenics & ice-cream? YES, this place is a definite MUST!   5% Tropical Turbine is by far my fave (light, refreshing & satisfying). My husband's  fave is the 14% Peanut Butter Bonds which is out of this world rich & creamy!   P.S.  Someone tell the staff to get off auto-pilot and get excited about this awesome product!
5	Friendly service, good ice cream. Those of you that haven't been here yet here's the deal- You pick your base, either custard, yogurt, etc depending how much fat % you want, then flavor, then mix ins/toppings.
3	My wife and I went there on a date night.  She had never heard anything about it but I had and thought we should give it a try since we had just been to Old Navy right next door.As far as what you get for the money, I'd say a one star.  The ice cream was okay but for the price it was terrible.  We just got one of their "favorites" - Peanut Butter Lover because we love chocolate and peanut butter.  There are so many other place out there, namely Neilson's and even Dairy Queen that have better options.  When it cost over $6 for my wife and I to share this thing then I'm going to be very disappointed if it isn't out of this world.  I was very disappointed and definitely won't be back.  As for the "experience" it was great, I'd give it 5 stars for that because it was a fun time watching them create it.  However, I could really care less about the experience I just care about the ice cream and it left a lot to be desired.  My recommendation, don't waste your money on the experience but go somewhere else and get a much better treat for the money.
3	I had to try it! The lowdown are the flavors they use. You really can feel how synthetic they are. I wonder if they can improve this part. We arrived around 7pm and by that time they had no more low fat milk as base and some  other base.The guys on the other side of the counter really don't care if you are a newbie on this or not. They won't put much effort into explaining you the 1, 2, 3 steps. Family oriented, so they had the TV with Pixar/animated movies.
2	Really cool idea - yucky ice cream...
2	Went here for the first time and got soy ice cream because I don't usually eat dairy. Ok don't ever do that. I've had soy ice cream from the store and it's amazing. Anyway looking for alternatives to dairy go to the grocery store and pick up a pint of soy or coconut ice cream and you'll be much happier. Trust me. It tasted like slightly flavored frozen water and even the pecans tasted like water had been injected into them. Tried a bite of my husbands regular ice cream and it was so sugary and not much better. If you really want good ice cream with fun mix ins stick to coldstone and if you need alternative ice cream go spend the same amount at the grocery store and throw whatever you want in it.
3	This store is just down the street from my apartment, but I had never stopped in before tonight. I wasn't sure what to expect, so I glanced at my mobile app before getting inside. The staff was very friendly and gave me a run-down of how it worked. I chose one the styles on the menu and watched as the two staff members put it together. I will say the  process was cool and different. The base can be ice cream, custard, yogurt, etc - and it is liquid. They put the ingredients in a bowl, stirred it around, then moved to the end where one of the employees hit it with a hose of liquid nitrogen.  The effect was different and exciting. The ice cream comes is a waffle cone and topped with fudget. It was okay and I likely would come back, but I wouldn't say it was the best I have ever had. It was nice, but I find the appeal to be more of the process rather than the finished product. A medium ice cream based was just under $6
5	I think Sub Zero is definitely a hidden secret not many know about. I LOVE their ice cream. It's fun to watch, the choices are endless and the staff is super friendly. I just wish they had more locations! Oh, and if you're looking for a safe bet, order the cake batter flavor and add in cookie dough. It's amazing!
4	Me and my daughter both love making our own concoctions at Cold Stone but I have to say, this place is definitely much better!  We get just regular Vanilla Ice Cream with Reese's chunks added.  Then after it's slight chilled, add some peanut butter and some caramel and TA-DA!
3	it's kind of a neat experience! i've had much, much better ice cream but i've never had the option to fully custom make it fresh right in from of my face in a matter of seconds! overall, the experience gets more stars than the actual dessert. i would go back to take my nieces because they would think it was fun and cool, but i wouldn't go back for ice cream for myself...if that makes sense.
4	I had great ice cream here with some very yummy nuts to mix in. The prices are a little on the high side for what you get but the flavor and texture of the ice cream was great. Good selection and fun concept to watch. It is worth it if you are in the area but probably not for a trip out of the way.
3	The ice cream tasted great, and the combinations you can get are awesome and unique. However, they were not well-stocked and were down to one size cup. Also they were understaffed...sort of. There was a third employee in the back who came out and filled up his drink at the soda machine and then walked to the back room while the other two associates were SLAMMED with customers. If you are a patient person, the taste is worth the wait and inconvenience.
2	My wife brother and i went there last night and was really hoping for a great experiencedid not have it first issue was they were busy hey usually I am ok with that because that means it is a great place but the reason they were busy was it seemed the employees were overwhelmed it took twenty minutes to get to front and order once ordering we were told a list of things they were out of so we ordered and like many people that frequent here they nmay have heard of it from Shark Tank , well on Shark Tank they promote like a 3 minute waqit from order to ice cream in hand well it was more like fifteen minutes once getting to front the cashier/ice cream maker took another five minutes to realize that I was waiting to pay then was able to pay and asked for napkins well it appears they are out of napkins (this was a Friday night in Mesa Az how are you out of napkins at an ice cream parlor) once I was able to enjoy the ice cream I found it underachieving it was bland.All in all I would rather go to stone cold creamery I drove out of my way about 15 miles for this place and will not do so again
1	Way over priced for what you get.  It melts so fast and it doesn't taste that good.  I was not impressed at all!  Not a fan and I will NOT be back!
5	This place is sooo good. The custard is really good, cherry flavor is my fave, and it is fun to watch them make it too!
5	Awesome. Can only imagine how good the premium ice cream is. I got one of their sensations, low fat ice cream, medium, comes in a waffle bowl cone and it was amazing. Some say that the portions are small for too high a price. I don't know if these people are used to choking down half gallons of ice cream at a time or what, but this is not the case in my opinion. My medium "sensation" bowl was $6, about what you pay for a medium at (since everyone is comparing to Cold Stone) Cold Stone. The quality is better, you have far more ways of customizing your treat, and you get a little show for the same price as "Cold Stone". Personally i don't think Cold Stone is anything special.
4	OMG! This place was really good. Now I have been here and had awesome service and other times, the service has been really bad - like wait 45 minutes with only a few people in front of you bad.I have been here at least 4 times and each time they have teenagers running the place with no supervision. Two times the teens were fast, friendly and provided great service and the other two times, I would have walked out if we didn't live in Tucson and were able to visit more often as my kids really like this place.I love love the ice cream and I like how many flavor choices you get to create your very own unique flavor!I wish it was open on Sundays as that is when we are in that area more often or hint hint - open a location in Tucson! Preferably the north area! :-)
5	When I start craving ice cream from here, it's hard not to give them a five star rating, plus the staff has been super awesome each time I've visited.
4	Very cool to watch them make it! There was a wide variety of flavors and combos for all tastes. Very yummy!!!
5	The ice cream, shakes and root beer float were all delicious. However the best part of the experience was the service!!! He was helpful, kind and extremely tolerant of the loud and crazy group of kids I brought in! He really could have been annoyed but instead he made the time so fun!!! Thank you so much!
5	I went to the paradise valley location tonight and the owner impressed me by making a free custom sample right in front of my eyes. So delish I wanted more. Not to mention he sold me with his spark for ice cream making. I'll be putting my punch card to use. Keep up the good work. P.s. Try a mocha carmel with cheesecake... Yummmy!!!
4	Went with a bunch of friends and definitely was worth the experience. Loved the Albert Einstein photo and they did a great job creating the whole effect right in front of you.... Also ice cream was pretty good too :)
5	crazy good and quite the visual while its being made.
4	Really fun place to bring kids, the ice cream is pretty good too.  The only downside is sometimes there is a long line and it takes forever.
5	This place was great!  I ordered a large with custard base, banana flavored.  I mixed in strawberries, brownies and cheesecake bites.  That's the exact recipe I ask for at Cold Stone, but I enjoyed this place much better!  What makes this place extra special is how they literally turn the cream to ice cream before your eyes.  I definitely found my new fave ice cream place!
3	Tried it the first time in California, and my experience here didn't compare. Even the store design was bland by comparison. If you've never been to SubZero, I would recommend going once just for the liquid nitrogen experience, and who knows maybe you'll like it better than I did :)
1	Just gross.  Not much else to say and really no other way to say it.  If you skipped certain days of chemistry, you may be in for a brief treat as the liquid nitrogen works.  Otherwise stick to regular old ice cream and enjoy what you eat.
2	Concept is fun to watch but nothing special in taste..
4	Service was awesome and the concept is brilliant. I will definitely being out of town guests to experience the new way to eat ice cream!
5	This place is awesome. My family absolutely loves ice cream and this is our new favorite!They have tons of flavors and toppings available but the show of watching them make the ice cream is amazing. Very impressive.
3	The way that ice cream is very different and interesting.  The taste though is just not pulling enough for me to come back.  It would nice if the taste would match the very different environment.  But it failed miserably at that so with that said I will stick with culvers and cold stone because both of those beat this place on taste.
1	I was very upset at this location. It was my birthday, and all I really wanted was an awesome bowl of fresh made ice cream. As my girlfriend and I are getting ready to park, this car comes speeding right past in front of us to park in the handicap spot. Ok, so I thought, that was just a rude driver...nope, a group what we thought were teenagers jumping out of the car. They proceeded to walk into the ice cream shop. As my girlfriend and I walk in, these teenagers turn out to be employees, because there they were, behind the counter....I was pissed!!! Not only are their employees parking in the handicap spot, but they also almost hit us while we had the right of way. I really hope this was an anomaly, but needless to say, we turned around and walked right out. Now don't get me wrong, the ice cream there is great, but the unprofessional employees have made it so we will not come here anymore. Now...any good suggestions on a new ice cream spot?
2	Went looking for real ice cream the other day and ended up here. While it was an interesting science example for the kids I wasn't impressed by the flavor of the ice cream. It was okay, just nothing special. My chocolate tasted exactly like when I mix Hershey's Syrup with vanilla ice cream at home, and the "scoops" they use for mixing in the adds was pathetic. For the price I expected better.I won't be back.
3	I really really had high hopes for this place because the concept is really cool and different but 3 stars is the highest I can go.  My daughter and I stopped here tonight for a treat and after the worker explained how it worked I picked chocolate ice cream with cherries and brownies.  My daughter had cake batter ice cream with brownies and cookie dough.  It was interesting the way the "ice cream" mixture was created but it was also kind of disturbing to see how they just add the fakest flavoring possible to a milk mixture.  I mean I know ice cream flavors aren't natural but to see if was a bit troubling.  The amount of add-ins was sad, two cherries and two mini bites of brownies wasn't enough.  The service was very slow as there was 1 girl taking order and 1 guy working the register and freezing the ice cream so it was a long wait but no biggie.  It's a super hot day so it's expected.  My ice cream was very poorly mixed though and wasn't chocolate, it was vanilla with some chocolate sections.  Probably just due to rushing due to the short staff and long line of people behind me.  Overall, the taste was fine but a bit chewy and the price was way too high.  Two small ice creams were just over $10 plus another buck for a tip since the poor guy was working hard trying to keep up with the register and freezing.  I will probably give it another shot when I'm in the area again to see if it's better.
5	My wife and I love coming here!  Not only is the ice cream amazing but it is an exciting experience to watch it being made right in front of you.  The possibilities are endless and the staff is very friendly!  Can't wait to go back!
2	Ice cream was great but got screwed on the size. Ordered a small but ended up with less ice cream than the people I was with who ordered kids sizes. It wasn't even in the small size cup. The cashier said it had to do with the densities of the ice cream but we both used the same ice cream (almond milk).
5	Went here today with my girlfriend. We're were looking for a nice treat after a long weekend. So much better than cold stone and lighter on the wallet as well. It was amazing watching them make your ice cream right in front of you! What a great experience and it tasted so good as well! I will be back and that punch card will be filled soon I am sure!
4	This ice cream is amazing. They make it right in front of you which is really cool. They have a ton of choices too which is great. Way better than Coldstone. They only downside was butterfinger was no longer an option. The staff was really friendly (Dakota and Destinee were working the night I went in, they were fun and nice). I'll definitely be back.!
5	Best ice cream we've had in a long time! The fact that you can choose your base us amazing. My boyfriend and I are both extremely lactose intolerant, we have tried lots of different "dairy free" ice cream and we still got sick. We came in and I had a almond milk based caramel cheesecake 8ce cream. It was very good and soft. Didn't get sick! I will tell you though that the almond milk is very strong, to where it might overpower some of the other flavors in the ice cream. It was still delicious. We will definitely come back again. And again.
4	I had a groupon for this place that I bought a few weeks ago so I decided to use it today. I got the kids size pistachio Yogurt with Brownies and an almond Joy it was good but the texture was unique. On the other hand my boyfriend got a small Chocolate Conduction that comes with a waffle cone. He got the base of premium which is regular ice cream and it was very nice and creamy. I liked his premium better then my yogurt base. We will come back to see what other flavors we will try.
