5	I recently took my 2006 Lexus into be serviced.  Adam and Mark were very friendly and helpful.  I feel like the price was quoted for the work to be done was accurate and fair, the communication about my repair was excellent and the timeline I was given for the repair was spot on!  In addition to the work which I took my car in to be completed, they showed me how truly low the treads were on my tires which saved me from a potential accident.Definitely a fan of the personnel and service at Wilhelm Automotive Litchfield Park
5	I take my vehicle into Wilhelm for oil changes and necessary car repairs. I have always found the front desk and mechanics to be extremely helpful and friendly. My family and I are natives and have always taken our vehicles to Wilhelm. I wouldn't think of going any other place. I would HIGHLY recommend to them to anyone!
5	On Christmas Eve my car decided it didn't want to start any longer. My mom had a good experience and suggested Wilhelm Auto so I had my car towed over there. Within hours I got a call from their manager Chris asking my approval on a charge to diagnose the car. Of course I said yes. He said he'd call back in an hour with more info.After an hour Chris called back with details of what they thought was the issue. He very carefully explained everything and gave me a total to fix it. The charges were VERY reasonable even with the diagnoses. I gave him my approval and off to work they went on my car. I was beyond stressed considering I'm a single mom with twins boy. I was afraid the charges were going to be outrageous. They were under $400. You can even buy a coupon, which I just did. Anyone that has had a bad experience here must be hard to please or are purposely posting negative reviews to make this company look bad. I will ONLY go to this place of business for car repairs.
3	Nice people, friendly service... going back soon for me... lol
5	5/14/2014Frank ColemanThe people at Wilhelm are very pleasant to deal with, and they do a wonderful job. I have been going to Wilhelm for many years and I don't plan on going anywhere else anytime soon!!!!
4	I was very pleased with my service this time. This particular Wilhelm Garage has a new manager (as far as I can tell). Chris has moved to corporate, and while I liked him and thought he was a good guy, there's no doubt that we had a few issues with Wilhelm's service when he was there, and after the last debacle with our overheating issue, we considered not returning. However, since that time I have taken this particular vehicle back a few times, and each experience has been positive. We had Wilhelm take the wheel locks off the car, and while doing so, they broke the cap on the rim. They could have easily failed to inform us, but they took responsibility and ordered a new cap. Chris was also very helpful in referring us to someone who could do transmission work that they couldn't do at the shop. Our last visit was just as positive. We had a leak in the transmission, and it was a seal that Wilhelms could fix. I was very grateful for the quick service and reasonable price--two luxuries not often experienced while servicing a car in general. Most important, however, is that while I was waiting for the car, some apparent "big whigs" in the company visited the store and were talking to the new manager (can't recall his name). I overheard him say that he isn't in business to gouge his customers...that he is just trying to make a living and provide his customers with the best service possible at the best price. I have to say, I didn't think anyone in the auto repair industry possessed that degree of integrity. My experience has ALWAYS been being gouged and taken advantage of. That comment from him alone will ensure that I continue taking my vehicle to Wilhelms for the foreseeable future.
5	I have been going to Wilhelm for almost 7 years now. They are reliable, trustworthy and honest. I don't think I would trust my car with anyone else. The manager, Jim, is as good as it gets, and I hope the owners realize what an excellent person they have running their front office.
5	Went to Wilhelm after looking up reviews here on Yelp. There were so many excellent ones, thought I better at least get a quote. I was a little concerned because I have a jaguar, but they knew exactly what to do and took care of it right away. Not only was the quote very reasonable, each person I dealt with was completely professional, yet made me feel as if they really cared. They picked me up and dropped me off which is so rare these days, and even did a couple of extra things without charging me! Thank goodness I found such a great place with people I feel like I can trust! We will continue to take our cars there and feel comfortable recommending them to everyone!
5	Professional & honest.  Turns out my car did not have an issue despite the "idiot light" warning.  Wilhelm did thorough diagnosis and needed no repair.  Thanksfor the rides and your help. I am very grateful.
5	Thanks Wilhelm Automotive, My repairs were performed correctly, on time and at the agreed upon price! I glad to have a good local shop,
