5	We having been bringing our bulldog here to play ever since she was a pup.  This place is heaven for our dog as she gets to run around, fetch balls, swim, play with the hose, and receive lots of belly rubs from the staff.  The owners are the nicest people in the world.
5	Awesome awesome awesome! I have been bringing my weim here since she was a puppy and both her and I have been very happy with All Wags! The entire staff is extremely friendly and go above and beyond for their customers. Alle loves playing with tennis balls and they do a great job of getting her energy out by playing fetch with her.  They are now located at 670 Griffith Road Charlotte, NC 28217, which is farther away from me than their South Blvd location was, but it's worth it!
5	Samantha is a rescue from the Humane Society. A sweet, affectionate Aussie Shepherd mix that has one failing -- perfectly understandable . . .She hates crates. She's afraid of cages. And she doesn't trust smiling strangers with a leash in their hands. Forget boarding at the vet's. Any place with a cage is off our list.That means All Wags! She knows when we turn onto Griffith that it's party time. They have several indoor and outdoor areas and actual play rooms furnished with doggy beds and toys. She comes home happy, exhausted, and covered in dog slobber until we wised up and had them give her a bath right before we picked her up!The owner and staff are great. I recommend All Wags highly.
4	Rationally, I know that my dog is not a human, but I treat her like she is one, so when it came to boarding her for the weekend, I would accept nothing but the best. All Wags won me over the moment I walked in the door and they started fawning over my pup. Now, dog people will love every dog, but you would be surprised how many day cares/boarding businesses are run by people who don't seem excited to meet your pet. Staff: I can't say enough about everyone who works here. They are dog people with hearts made of gold. Somehow, they remember each dog by name and can tell you details of your pet's day, like which pup they spent a lot of time playing with or if they needed a little extra attention that day. I have shown up several times to find my pup wandering the front office because they said she just needed a little extra love that day. Facility: The facilities are clean, well taken care of and pet friendly. Your pet won't be trapped in a cage all day with only a few intervals of play time.  Instead, they play in either the large dog or small dog area and are watched after carefully by staff at all times. If you are boarding, your pet will have their own crate and you can leave whatever personal items with your pet to make it feel like home. I love that anything that I have sent my dog off with has always made its way back home. The best part about All Wags is that they photograph every dog and proudly display all their four-legged friends as their wall decor. What more could a proud pup parent want than to see their pride and joy proudly displayed? Boarding: When I am leaving my pet for the weekend, I want to know that she is going to be safe, have fun and will completely forgive me for abandoning her upon my return. Their hours are flexible and they are open on Sunday! This is huge! Most places will make you wait until Monday to pick up your pet which means paying for an additional night and more importantly, delaying your pet reunion after a weekend away. The staff  goes above and beyond, and has stuck around to make sure that I could pick my pup up when i was running late on my return to CLT. Their price is one of the best in town. You can find cheaper, but you won't find better and there really is no price for your peace of mind. Day Care: Day care is expensive, but it is expensive wherever you go. They have early drop off times and late pick ups, which is great for those of us with tough schedules. They have a very convenient drop off, drive thru, which makes pick up and drop off a breeze!  The best part of All Wags is how exhausted your pup will be from all the fun they were having when you pick them up after either a long day at day care or a long weekend stay. You just can't beat that.
5	My dog had a great time. Friendly staff.
5	I have been taking my rescue lab to All Wags for the past 3 years.  He loves it!  Everyone is very nice, and I love the "drive thru" drop off for those rainy mornings!
5	My sweet dog loves staying there; whether during the day or overnight.  The staff is GREAT.
5	For one day or one month, All Wags is the best! We've been clients at both locations, though the Griffith Road facility is closer to us. Jester and Emma love going "to camp." We primarily use the overnight boarding + daycare packages when we're going out of town, but the daycare is also terrific. The staff and owners are professional and helpful, and we feel like we're leaving our 'babies' with friends. It's great to be able to get a nail trim or bath after a longer boarding stint. The routine at All Wags is a great balance of play and rest that leaves our dogs worn out but not sore. After one of our fur kids had a neighborhood run-in with a bigger dog, the All Wags staff were supportive and understanding and let him play with the little dogs until he got his confidence back. We're extremely happy with All Wags and don't even consider any other option to take care of our 'kids.'
5	I have taken my two dogs there twice now and have been really happy with this place. .The staff takes great care of them and I feel comfortable leaving my girls with them. They keep them busy and have naptime set aside for them from 12_2. My favorite part is picking them up and having them sleeping sound for the rest if the night. Definitely will be back again :)
