5	This is the best thing since sliced bread. No joke!!! Even with diet and exercise there are places that we cant get rid of . I train and train, diet and diet, but Body Sculpt Xpress got rid of fat areas that I just couldn't get on my own. This is a perfect way to sculpt the body in the exact way you want. It didn't hurt and there is no down time. Edward is knowledgeable and his expertise shows in his work.  I love this treatment and I would recommend it to any one who wants a little help with problem areas.
1	This guy creeped me out so much I didn't even finish my treatment!I've tried this treatment from other providers in town but wanted to give this one a try since it was close to my work. Big mistake! He made me feel very uncomfortable with his unprofessional language and jokes. I will not be going back !
1	This is your warning...DO NOT GO OR SPEND ANY $$$! Awful experience.The girl that was working there had no idea what the machine was or what it did. Yes, it was her first day but you would think you need some type of experience. The male was creepy and tried to stay in the room while I got undressed. The sales push was outrageous. This business will go under soon- do not waste your money!!!!
1	this is a total rip off !!!!!!.. first of all , that is not their real address.... they sold me this unlimited package for $2,999  for 3 months and told me that me and my boyfriend can split up the session.  hey what a deal!  we were planning to pay the whole thing but they offered me a payable for 3 months.. i said much better deal.. before i pay, i discuss to them my availability which is tues and wed., they said no problem. okay so they gave this website where you create your username and password. so you can  see and schedule your appointment..no availablity!.so i called their one and only employee, to see when i can start the session cause their is no availability for the whole week. , she was nice to accomodate me  so i got 2  30 min session and 2 30 min session for my boyfriend for the first week. the second week i saw an opening for tues and wed and the rest were booked. i booked it and guess what, the owner cancelled my schedule. he said i have to come at least 3 days apart. okay but there is no availability. so i got 1 30 mins. for the week. the following week their is no opening but the days that i work. so i have to drive to their location before i go to work just to do this and now the motivation changes to i paid so much money on this. not good ! i met edward (owner)  heather is right . he sold us this pee test kit for $75 that will tell you what your body need and what is not beneficial for you. then it will sell you the vitamins $75 per set. (you can get the same exact thing at trader joes for $12.99 ) then he sold us his massage package for another $180  4 session and we paid 2 sets of packages. .(this doesnt have any problem with scheduling because we are the only customers ) 2 months later  we notice that this lipo cavitation is a struggle on schedule.! result? none after 8 30 minute session. (the only schedule i can get and if i see an availability and book it edward the owner will cancel my schedule) the reason i am using too much session. what? only go there 1 hour a week. if he didn't cancel the other 30 mins. remember we bought the unlimited package. so we decided to stop going after 2 months and stop paying for the last month so he called me and told me i cannot use the rest of my 3 massage session left (paid off) because  he needs to collect the last month payment for the lipo cavitation that doesnt even have a schedule for me. (no contract by the way). i expect even just a little bit of result for my money. ($1000 a month)  is a lot. i am just an average size person., all i want is to take my belly fat out because that is the hardest part even if you work out and diet, that's the reason why i tried this out. just to let you know he only have 1 employee that do this lipo. this is waste of money, i could have listen to those bad comments before i signed up. i hope this is a help cause this is  fact from a real person !!!!!
1	I hear you Tiffany!. I have a very bad experience with this type of fly by night company. I spent thousands of money for the service that is not even available for you and doesn't work. And the owner will tell you all kinds of excuse why it is not working after 10 session. One last excuse was you dont drink water.. Lame!. All this is was a big scam.
2	Got a Groupon for this place...thankfully. I still feel like i paid too much, had two sessions with no real results. There is more focus on sales pitches than results. The package deals are way overpriced and there are no guarantees you will see results. The guy offered a package price break  only if i paid on my first visit...??? how would i know if it worked to warrant buying more? Thats the point. Selll selll selll.
1	Most importantly I've purchased a couple of packages with this company and seen absolutely no worthy results. AVOID AT ALL COSTS. Upon first meeting the owner of this place - I should've walked away immediately. They 'measure' the area that you would like to work on but he didn't do it properly and made it seem like I'd lost weight when I knew it was obviously not true. His employees told me after quitting from this place that he was not paying them and that he allowed for there to be dirty towels and no water. TOTALLY not worth the money. A recommendation to the management of this place, stop overcharging people for a service that does not produce equivalent results. PERIOD. Treat your employees correctly and advertise your business properly. Have a set list for your packages and stop trying to rip people off.I still have two-three credits with this place that cost well over $100 and I don't even want to go.
