3	Lotus is an original boutique with a few Charlotte locations.  I often look in the Dilworth location because I am intrigued by something in the window.  However, once I get inside I typically realize that what had seemed great from a distance was almost obnoxious tredny up-close.  I do like that the clothes at Lotus are reasonalby priced and that they aren't the run of the mill mall clothes that everyone has.  I have found a few cute things here, but I usually leave this place disappointed.
1	The store is cute and the fact that it is a local business and not a big chain makes it cool. The staff is also very friendly. The pieces are trendy and reasonably priced. Unfortunately the quality is bad so don't plan on keeping anything long term.
2	This place was just okay for me. Lots of bright pattern and colors that lure you in from the street, but once you get in you may be disappointed with their sparse selection. The prices seemed pretty reasonable, but nothing so great that made me want to purchase. The girls working there seemed a bit snooty, and that of course never makes anyone want to buy anything from them. I'd maybe check back here in the future, but it wouldn't be first on my list.
3	Lotus has cute, trendy clothes, but it's overpriced and caters mostly to small-framed women. If you can catch one of their "buy 3, get 75% off" sales, you're golden. I've bought some adorable dresses for $20 during those sales.As for the salespeople, I've encountered everything from snobby to super-friendly. I miss the Central Avenue location. It was a good place to sip wine and browse jewelry while exploring the neighborhood.
1	Today was my second and very last visit to this store.  The owner should be ashamed for the absolute lack of customer service that I have experienced.  Upon entering the store I was utterly ignored and was never asked once if I would like a fitting room, even after loading up with 6 items to try on.  Once in the tiny fitting room with no mirror I could tell that each piece was too horrendous looking to even leave to look at in a mirror.  I walked back out of the store with no word from the sales staff whatsoever yet again.  This is a pitiful shop in Dilworth, not Armani so I expect not to be ignored by erroneously posh sales girls.  What a tragedy.
5	Keep an eye out for their sales because they have gorgeous clothes! I saw that someone else wrote that they cater to smaller framed women... I don't agree with that at all. I am 5'9" and a size 16-- I bought a gorgeous maxi dress on sale there (originally $75 and I bought it for $25!). It's a size large and it fits me beautifully!
4	If you're looking for a trendy dress, top or accessory, Lotus Look likely has it. This local boutique recently took up shop at The Metropolitan so the space is not only filled with light but it's great to pop in to take a look before you head to a delicious dinner or out for drinks. Price wise, tops are typically $50-$100, dresses $75-$180 and accessories $15-$50. These items are definitely more of the "going out clothes"...cocktailing, dancing, etc. While I love a trendy piece, it's worth noting that some of these items aren't built to last more than a season or two (in fabric or style) so make sure you get your wear out of it! On the flip side, Lotus typically only stocks a few of each item so it's fairly unlikely you'll run into another lady wearing the same exact item. Service has always been friendly and helpful and I'm happy to suggest Lotus for a trendy piece or a cute cocktail dress for a night on the town!
1	This store is snuggled in a little corner and very easy to find.  From afar, the clothes look like they would be great to browse and shop around through.  Sadly, I was disappointed after I entered.  Yes, the place is very presentable and modern, the clothes were not really something I was looking for.  Some of the clothes looked too far out for me, and then the simple clothes I did like, the price for it was way too much for the quality of the clothes.  When I walked in, the sales associate was really nice and greeted me.  Afterward, one of her friends came in and they sat on the and talked really softly, which made me feel awkward while I was browsing around the area they were in.  The stuff on sale was cute, but still a little pricey.  I don't really think I would go back here.
5	Lotus Boutique couples excellent service with fantastic merchandise. My girlfriend and I did not step foot in this place before last month as it seemed like an upscale, pricey boutique, but that is not what this store is all about. Upon entering we were greeted by the owner, who ended up being a perfect combination of helpful, encouraging and honest. My girlfriend picked out a couple of dresses, while the owner picked out a couple more that were of a slightly different style. The worst thing ever is having an associate give you the clothes that you are picking out and butting in your experience of shopping; this is not the case in Lotus.The best part (from my perspective) was the immediate champagne offering I received after being there for 5 minutes. Of course I took the bait and even added the complimentary peach mimosa. We were there for maybe 30 minutes and I was able to take down two peach mimosas, while my girlfriend was having the time of her life trying on these expensive-looking, quality dresses. The prices for a boutique were great. My girlfriend ended up getting two dresses because she loved both of them and could afford to buy both. She will definitely be back for more clothes in the future and the chances of me tagging along for some drinks and conversation are very high.
1	Let me start off by saying that I love shopping at local boutiques and I really wanted to love Lotus. The store is very bright, clean and inviting, but that is pretty much the only positives  I could say. The items there seem like over price sweat shop crap. Everything seems to be made of cheap jersey and/or polyester. Pretty much Forever 21 quality with four times the price tag. I did buy what I thought would be a cute cocktail dress, an embellished necklace, and earrings. What a waste of money! A seam on the dress became undone after one wear!! The rhinestones came off the necklace, and the earrings turned in color.  NEVER AGAIN!!!
3	Cute disposable clothing.  Overpriced at full price with good sales.  Most items intended for a young clientele, small sizes, not tailored. Attentive staff.
5	Love Lotus!  Fun, brightly colored store with attentive and very enthusiastic staff.  The owners here support the local fashion scene with their big fall fashion show.  Clothes and accessories are reasonably priced and very unique and uber trendy - they also offer Champagne, which is great when shopping with friends pre-dinner at the Metropolitan.  Definitely recommended!
