3	Okay spot for lunch.  The salads are pretty good.  A little pricey for what you get.  I wouldn't drive here to eat lunch, but if you work within walking distance it is a reasonable alternative.
3	I have to concur with Shannon and Sarah on this one. In high school, we used to get out n Friday's at 12:30 and then we would rendezvous with our lady friends for lunch. There were an amazingly high number of awkward teenage lunches that took place at this Duck and Decanter, until one day I realized that I really don't like the food there, or anything about it really. It somewhat effectively passes itself off as a gourmet sandwicheria/deli but more by pricing everything high than serving good sandwiches. I'll still drop by from time to time and still have friends from high school that love it, I just don't think I ever will. Two and a half stars.
3	I go back and forth about this place. On one hand, there are some really great things. I love building my own sandwich at Duck and Decanter because they have so many great things to spruce up your order. You can add so many extras to your sandwich to make it delicious. Russian mustard, plump juicy avocados, turkey salad with blue cheese, sharp cheddar spread? Yes, please! They also have great fresh brewed iced tea every day in a variety of unusual flavors. I'm an unsweetened iced tea junkie so I love this.On the other hand it takes a really long time to get your food and sometimes it tastes so blah despite putting a crapload of extras and sauces on it. Then it costs like $10 because you had to add all the extras for flavor. Shouldn't flavor come free?I think it should.
4	Lunch from the Duck is something to look forward to. They call their sandwiches Nooners ... how could you not love that?!It's a step above your typical deli, so be prepared to pay $10 for a sandwich. Yes, a sandwich. Everything is made fresh to order. I usually go for the albacore, which includes celery and water chestnuts, and I add Havarti and pickles. Yummm. They're a reliable source for Selma's chocolate topped rice crispie treats, too.Call ahead to find out what the daily soup special are, and if they have chicken and dumplings GET IT.  You also can order online - whether you just want something for yourself, or you need a platter of sandwiches and some fresh baked cookies for a meeting. Ordering ahead will save you a little bit of time, which helps since the visitor parking is limited (you can use the garage and I think they validate). All three stores are family owned and operated. You get a great lunch AND you get to support a local business. It's a win-win.
5	I am native to the Phoenix area and have been going to the Duck and Decanter since I was a small child, in fact my older sister used to work there. They have really great sandwiches that are high quality and very tasty and they come with great customer service. This is a good place to enjoy breakfast or lunch with a client, friends or go by yourself and enjoy the free Wi-Fi. Plus they have a great little meeting room that they let people use. I use it every Wednesday for my networking group. Wonderful place and an institution in Phoenix.
5	Two words- Smokey Forest.
4	This place is great. I swear the same people have worked behind the counters for years. My friend works in the vicinity and we are always treated great when we go in. The sandwiches are fresh and yummy. If I had a little more time on my lunch hour I could easily spend half an hour perusing through their knick knacks for sale. I love the ceramics, tea pots, and even custom designed beta fish tanks. I am tempted to get one for my daughter. The cozy cubby holes are the best places to eat ! Downstairs, upstairs, outside downstairs, upstairs outside. Great options. Love the fresh brewed tea of the day. Snacks, sweets, and chips galore align the shelves too. I can't forget the grab a pickle and go area. Add fresh avocado to a sandwich and you will not be disappointed. Salads and soup are great too. Yummy.  Live music on the weekends.
4	Mmmmmm! I have sandwich dreams about the Duck! Best sandwich in town by far! I do with they would spread out their locations though, all three are centrally located. **Note to owner- please expand to north Scottsdale so I can be treated with your yummy sammies at lunch during the week! I live close to the one on Camelback, but on occasion when I am down town I will hit up the one on Central. This one is in a more business district so it is smaller and doesn't have the knick-knack stuff to paruse and buy like the original one does. Easy to get in and out and down the road. Best turkey and provolone in town, no doubt! They have been voted best sandwich shop and best cheese selection in town by the New Times more times than one can count. They have a different ice tea flavor everyday and I have yet to have one I don't like. Check them out and you will see what all the fuss is about I guarantee it!
4	One of my earliest memories of Phoenix concerns waking up under the eucalyptus trees that used to cover most of what is now the business park and shopping center next to what I will call the "new" Duck. The old one was far larger and would have been about where the Starbucks is now. Of course, I'm talking about 1973 here, so I digress. . . .Anyway, the current abbreviated Duck remains one of my favorite places to relax and hang out in Phoenix. Now I have a little one who enjoys running through the grass near the patio and socializing with the other youngsters that frequent the place. The bar features interesting wines by the bottle and glass. Most nights the by-the-glass happy hour special is something rather interesting, in contrast to the "red" or "white' found in other joints. The interior of the small bar is dark like a cellar. In fact, you can find a variety of atmospheres in and out of the Duck.And the sandwiches! Yes, try them all. Very, very good.
4	Delicious Chicken Curry sandwich. As I was not too hungry I got a "mini" sandwich and a cup of soup. I was still stuffed and happy after eating it. The sandwich was one of the best Chicken Curry Sandwiches I have had for a long time. The bread tasted fresh and the cheddar they use is definitely not a cheap variety. I loved the juicy little fat raisins my curry mix. So yummy. The soup was Split Pea with Ham and was pipping hot (lukewarm soup is a pet peeve of mine) and tasted delicious. They throw in some little gourmet style croutons but I was so stuffed I did not even add them. The best part of my experience there? They had slices of dill pickles next to the cash register! When the lady saw me eyeing them she said, "Help yourself to as many as you want honey". Oh My God. I have died and gone to heaven. A girl can never have too many pickles, I grabbed two and they made for a delicious snack later while I waited for my flight at the airport.
4	Great weekend afternoon place to enjoy sandwich and a glass of wine on the patio.  Sandwiches are quality and always good.  Sevice is great!
2	Very expensive for a bowl of soup just over $7.00. Also the very small potato chips for the Kettle bag is $1.99. Really!!! That is way to high for 4oz of chips and mostly air.
4	I work in the area and don't always have time, or care, to pack my own lunch.  Plus I don't cook and you can only eat spaghetti so many times a week. This is why I love The Duck.  It's two blocks from my work which gives me a little "wake me up" walk and the outdoor seating is nice on the days when it's not too hot.  Yeah a sandwich will run you just under $10 with a drink but you get a massively huge sandwich.  Some days, I end up taking half of it home and eating it later.  I always get their Avocado sandwich because I'm a vegetarian and it was so good the first time I was here that I've been unable to try anything else lest it not compare.  Co-workers of mine are fans of the curry chicken salad.  There is plenty of seating so I usually suggest this place when meeting friends for lunch.
4	If you build a good sandwich, they will come...If you build a good sandwich anyway you want it, more will come...Fresh and creative, these sandwiches are fast and delicious.  The sandwiches are prepared fresh to order and the staff are eager and willing to make it anyway you want it with no complaints.Did I mention free drink refills ALL DAY !!
5	This place....let's start off with customer service. IMPECCABLE. Dave is always friendly and courteous. The delivery workers are always prompt, polite, and friendly. The overall rating for customer service is a 10!!!!The food? Wow. The sourdough bread is incredible, their meats and cheeses are REAL, and I'm anti GMO, big label company's so that's right up my alley. The bagels are GIGANTIC, toasted to perfection, and delicious. Their cookies??? Forget about it! The most delicious chocolate chip cookies I've had since I moved to Arizona. Fluffy, moist, sweet, and divine! I can't think of one single thing I don't like about this place, and I'll be a regular as long as I rest my head in Phoenix!!! Keep on doing great things, yum!!!!
5	One of the best locally owned sandwich shops I've been to in phoenix. I've been coming here for years, and they have always had quality ingredients.They're fairly quick to make their food, even with large orders during lunch hour. They will not hesitate to whip up a custom order as long as they have the ingredients for it.They're equally zippy with their catering, and the food looks just as good as in the pictures!I order through their website so I don't even have to pick up the phone. I sort of wish they didn't change their soups daily, but I do admit that I enjoy the variety (same for their teas). They always have chili on hand, however, which is one of the best I've had.For what you pay for, you get a sizable sandwich, and if you order a drink, they are generous with the refills. It's difficult to order from here and not be both full and happy!
3	I hoped to like Duck & Decanter food more than I actually do, but unfortunately I find myself ordering the same sandwich over and over again.  So now I only occasionally eat at one of the restaurants.I like that you can order half sandwich and when you call for take out or delivery, your name is written on the bag.  This is great if you are ordering for a group of peops;   Each person gets their own lunch bag.  (No need to search through the bags and open containers to see what's what for who's who.)Veggies are quite crisp at D&D.  I've never had to worry about dead lettuce or spotty avocados.  Having said that though, their red onions are always tasteless.  This is one of the key ingredients that I use to flavor a dish but even when I ask for extra onions my order is still tasteless. Delivery is $5.00.  Not terrible if several people are splitting the fee.  What is terrible, I think, is a particular time several co-workers and I ordered lunch and upon delivery we were handed one - yes one - free cookie.  Really?
4	We have been ordering from them for years. I had the fiery Italian  . I love their french roll. However this time I found  a piece of plastic in my sandwich and have not been able to contact the store
