5	Since I recently bought a home, I've found it's a good thing they have a Depot just for that type of thing.  The people that work here are so good and patient with my sorry ass that I've probably learned more from them then I did in 4 years of college.
4	"Everything and a bucket of paint."The West Madison Home Depot (this one) is the nicer of the two Madison Home Depots.  Home Depots are a massive cookie-cutter franchise; appearances, inventory and service are consistent between the stores.  Home Depots is heaven for gardeners and a heaven/hell for builders. There is a massive learning curve for seeking inventory as a builder; the items are placed in curious locations throughout the store. Some goods you may expect to find next to another may be several aisles away. Also, it is a little overbearing to see items stocked virtually a mile high. Gardeners, fortunately, do not have to worry about these issues. Most stock peak at several feet high and everything is right where logic would place them; in addition, the quality of the plants and flowers reach surprisingly splendid levels of luster. When I visited Home Depot to pick up potting soil; I was so impressed with their flower / vegetable inventory that I made $60 in unanticipated purchases (which is hard to do with their famously low prices). The service is usually friendly and helpful throughout the store, but like my experience, seem to be most available when you have the least use for them. Visit for exceptional value, and a lesson in good/bad inventory practices; it's certainly not you local hardware store / flower shop.
5	Beats the pants off Menards!  My sweetie & I have done various home projects for the past 16 years, each of which has involved multiple trips--usually to Menards.  A couple of years ago we ventured past the horrible orange (ugh!) into Home Depot, and were really pleasantly surprised by the great plant section, the helpful staff, and the fact that THEY CUT LUMBER FOR YOU FOR FREE!  Still, old habits die hard and we kept going to Menards most of the time.But we've finally made the switch.  Menards' clueless staff, disorganized merchandise, and completely perplexing yard have seen the last of us (though they do have a very cool system where you can look up & print off your old receipts).  Home Depot doesn't even HAVE a yard--everything is inside the store!  Nearly all of the folks you ask for help can actually help you (there was this one guy...)  And did I mention that THEY CUT LUMBER FOR YOU FOR FREE!!!  They rent power tools. They have awesome hot dogs.  What's not to love?  Home Depot, we're all yours.
2	This store has some problems.   The garden section is nice in the spring and well staffed to my taste.   But the main hardware section is sort of "not fun" to shop.   Can't put my finger on why but it is sort of uninviting.   I have had poor service here a number of times.  Once the returns/assistance person was arguing with her supervisor I assume about working another shift and made me wait long enough that I decided to leave.  Then to check out you have a bit of a walk.  The parking lot is one of the worst in Madison.  Terrible ease of entry and exit.  They have good deals at times.  Mixed bag.Poor customer response.  I protested their support for Walker and received a non-relevant response. This puts them down one more star.
5	I received awesome customer service here from the cashier and a manager! I was looking for a ladder and I guess I looked confused enough that the manager came to my rescue! He went through all the different kinds and asked me many questions about what exactly my needs are. He took down a few and made sure I was able to carry it as well. The cashier was friendly, made me laugh, and was quick. Afterwards, another rep helped me carry the ladder out and strapped it down well to my truck since I was worried about it flying out!
1	I didn't really have high expectations in regards to customer service when I walked in, but it was so nonexistent I could scarcely believe it. Simply wanted to purchase a dishwasher and schedule delivery. Politely asked people stocking if there was anyone who could help me after looking for someone for over 10 minutes. It was quite clear I was inconveniencing them by asking a question. The second time, I asked a different employee if someone could help(no one responded to the first page on the intercom) I heard the woman say "oh great, I wonder what this guy wants" as I approached. She paged someone as well, but after waiting for another 10 minutes I just left. Found a locally owned store who matched their price. Should have done that in the first place. Never again.
4	It's home depot...what's to say?  If you've never been to a home depot or Lowe's...they are home repair, construction, and maintenance super stores.They pretty much sell everything you could need for your home, and they are all pretty much the same. I've been to home depots in over 10 states (I make purchases from them for work) and they are reliable.  That is what I like about them.  Period.  Service can be hit or miss, depending on the capabilities and attitude of the "Associate" you work with, if you can find one.  When they are busy, the place is huge, and it can be hard to get help.  But, some of them are also incredibly talented and knowledgeable.  I've have both experiences at this location.I do NOT like the selection of some of the materials, etc....it seems really limiting.  But, if you are serious about purchasing, say, bathroom fixtures or electrical items...go during the day, when it is slower, and sit down with an associate and look at what they can order.  The selection in catalogs is FAR GREATER than what is on the floor.  And shipping is fast, and often free.We have bought A TON of things from this location...thousands and thousands of dollars worth of materials and fixtures, including carpeting for our entire upstairs (three bedrooms, massive walk-in closet), and we used their install service.  It was done very professionally and the contractor was very good....that said,I prefer Menard's  :PHint:  check out the tool rental - it can be a great way for the home-owner or DIY'er to access really expensive tools for cheap...e.g. flood sander, scaffolding, etc.
2	I agree with To & Jo's review from 12/27/2010 - the customer service here is absolutely atrocious.  I know my way around a hardware store, and am more than capable of performing most home repairs - I've installed HVAC units (including duct work), was an electrician in a previous life, have installed showers, tubs, sinks, toilets, drainage/vent lines, have installed windows and doors, flooring, drywall - you name it, I've done it.So, when I was looking for a new door for the service entrance on my garage, I figured it would be a no brainer to meander over to Home Depot, select a door, inquire about installation services (I don't have all of my tools at my house in Wisconsin), purchase, and leave.I arrived at 11:35am on a Sunday.  The parking lot wasn't full, nor was it empty - I'd say it was approximately 35% full.  The store didn't appear terribly busy as I made my way back toward millwork.I arrived to the millwork department and browsed my door options.  I found a nice steel entry door with a fan-shaped window, 32x80, prehung, and LH innerswing - perfect.  I walked over to the "service counter" and waited for some assistance.At 11:58am I pressed the "service request" button.  At 12:07pm, I pressed it again.  At around 12:15pm, an older guy came wandering over, looked at the button, and said, "I don't know who the hell pushed this damn thing - I don't know how to turn these stupid things off."I told him that I had pressed it, and that I was hoping to get a quote for a door installation job.  He looked at me like I had a third eye and said, "what kind of door?"  I told him it was an entry door, and he said, "we don't do that."I asked if he was certain, and he mumbled something about having to call someone to check.  So, he called a guy, and he arrived after a minute or two.  He sat me down at a table, asked for my contact information, address, and so on.  Then he said, "Ok, we can have someone over to measure your house - it's a $30 fee, and then we can talk about getting your door installed."I said, "Do you have any idea how much it will cost to install?  I'm confident of the measurements - it's a standard 32x80 doorway; I just want to replace the current door with a steel door.  I can do it myself, but wanted to check on your rates."He said, "We have to send someone to measure, because you could have a 36" door, or some odd size, and we don't install many doors, so there's no way for me to give you a reference or quote.  Now, did you want to put that fee on your Home Depot credit card?"Me: "No thanks.  I'll just go buy a door from Menards and install it myself.  This has been a nightmare."I left the store at 12:27pm - nearly an hour after I arrived.  I didn't get an answer, the service was terrible, and the entire experience was just frustrating. I drove over to Menards, where I found the same exact Jeld-Wen door for $28 less than Home Depot was asking, and when I inquired about installation with one of the super friendly assistants at the Menards Service Desk, I was told the average rate for an entry door installation is about $135 and takes less than 2 hours.  Wow, that was easy.  And pleasant.Home Depot = Never Again.  Ick.  Menards had the same product for less money, they had friendly service folks, and they knew what they were talking about.
2	You can find everything you need here, but you will probably have to find it yourself. After a few misguided adventures, I settled on a smaller local plumbing store. Home Depot is definitely convenient, but the customer service is lacking.
5	I needed some tiles but they didn't have the exact size I needed. A guy in the tool rental shop cut them down for me for free!  I was worried that the tiles were going to cost a lot, but I walked out having spent less than $4.
2	This Home Depot is fine if you know exactly what you want and exactly where to find it.  I shop here a lot because the location is convenient, but if I had another option, I would go there instead.  My problem is that whenever I come to this store ready to make a large purchase like a grill or a deck, no one will help me.  I swear sometimes people run in the opposite direction when I try to walk towards them for help.
3	Hmmm where to begin with this place... Well, my family has come here for quite a while and we have enjoyed it. The store is (for the most part) well organized and nothing is ever on the floor waiting for someone to trip over it or slip on it. So the building itself pretty great. HOWEVER the staff in most departments here are less than helpful. Pretty much every time I have been in here I have gotten someone who is completely uninterested in helping me and just wants to get their shift over with. Which is fine and all but at least pretend you want to help me. It's mainly "Hey where is X,y, and z" "eh im not sure, ask the people in plumbing" "hey where is x,y, and z" oh im not sure ask people in appliances" Ok so I just end up finding whatever I need and going through self-checkout and gettin' outta there as fast as I can. I have even had a few instances where people are just downright rude. I asked an employee to help me carry out some awkward lumber and he said verbatim, "I have more important things i'm doing right now" which in his case was playing on his phone when I walked up... then trotted off into some mysterious isle, never to be seen again... Now i'm not saying everyone is like that because I have had some employees go above and beyond to help me out, and I make sure someone hears about that. So a well kept store with not so great staff... It really stinks to see that.
3	A standard big box store. You've been to one Home Depot, they're all the same.The prices are decent and they have some convenient delivery options (online). For example, I was able to get a new stove/oven delivered to my rental with minimal human interaction, which was kind of convenient if your daily schedule is messed up like mine and you need to run errands at 11pm at night.Side note: This might not matter to you, but I do some minor landscaping projects and their top soil is way too sandy. It's kind of a strange mix, in my opinion, for top soil.
1	Rental department is struggling. I had the displeasure of attempting to rent a sander at the Home Depot. Jerry, the manager of the rental department, tried three different ways to increase the cost of the rental by charging for accessories that other stores include with the rental. The long list of disclosures that each customer is required to sign off on makes renting from Home Depot feel like there's a lot of distrust and leaves the feeling that shopping here should be avoided
1	Home Depot is terrible. Avoid it like the plague!First of all, they will try to scam you by telling you that you can get a "membership" and get 5% discount for getting it. Don't fell for that, it's actually a credit card with very high interest rates. Second, most of the employes lack knowledge of the products, but they'll pretend they know, then try to steer you to the store's highest priced, lower quality products.Third, check these videos about all the issues with their installation services:http://youtu.be/nFtspAIsOqshttp://youtu.be/eiQZjAjj2yAOnly after Home Depot was expose on the news, it fixed the issues of the people featured on the news, although they have been trying to get Home Depot to fix the issues, in some cases for years!
4	Ezey to find and park! Went to find floor tiles for a 120 year old building and they did not disapoint. Over 50 different tiles to choose from. They had plenty of help and accessory tiles to complete the job. Buy the way it was all in stock.... thanks.
1	i regret getting my kitchen done by Fefe there.    The cupboards are too small for our room...yet  they were installed  6" too high for me.    think huge space between counter and cupboard.       A true designer would have looked at the room and steered us into a larger cabinet and placed things TO SCALE.    They are already peeling back and I did not go for their cheapest products.      I deferred to the professional on design.... and not one person has said they "like "   the kitchen.   Very mismatched.    She upgraded as often as she could-- extra little things that make the kitchen look frilly.   it is not a nice looking kitchen; poorly designed, installed and no follow up.   After the bill was paid it was over.  Not even one follow up call to see if it was done.
