4	this place is 5 star all the way!!! it's huge & beautiful...lots of diff areas and things to look at...none of the pools r deep tho so don't expect to swim...and in the summer it's hard to find a spot to lay down...u kan drink in the pool but only up to the line...
4	We stayed here in the hotel and when I saw the gorgeous pool I had to go down for a few hours. Huge pool, with a round area in the middle with Greek god statues and huge pillars. They have tables with umbrella's, many lounge chairs, the area is breath taking. One of the nicest pools ever. As I was sitting there I noticed they have a nice area for playing Baci ball. My only complaint is I could not believe they did not have an outside bar for cocktails or even a place to get water. Unless I totally missed it, but I sure tried as I was getting very dehydrated. I was there on my last day and wow did I ever regret not going sooner. Peaceful, beautiful, and well you can imagine the eye candy in sight. It was a glorious few hours soaking up hot dry rays, people watching, and relaxing. Stunning pool. A must see if you are staying in Ceasar's Palace, enjoy!
5	Wow. One of the nicest pools I've ever seen! They have so many different pools and it looks absolutely lovely. They have tables in one of the pools in case you want to gamble. They have a bar out there, plenty of tables and chairs. It just sucks that the towers are so tall and surround the pool that it blocks the sun during certain times of the day.
5	This is like one of the most awesomest pools ever!!!! The water is warm! Not, like freezing cold where you're taking baby steps around the pool. There are I believe two pool areas and one main one. Luckily for us it was slow season and the day beds were free for alls! So we spent a good 4 hours out there laying out! Sleeping! Eating!I love the pillars and the fountains they are so fun to play with, but do beware, it gets cold towards the middle area. I assume because of the statues and such. The snack bar is awesome, but expect it to be a bit over priced for the food and cocktails you buy.
5	One of the best pools on the strip! The atmosphere is great, and pools are not to packed. If you are a guest you can get special access to other pools.
5	I've never been in a pool with such perfect temperature water!
4	What the what, they have a gambling station in the pool?! Ah, I don't gamble but you can't tell me you're not tempted now!At the 21+ bar area, there are also gorgeous waitresses in their bikinis ready to get you some drinks! What the what?!The pools here are amazingly decorated. The water is warm all around except for the pool in the shade by the 21+ area, it's a little chilly even in 95 degree weather. But I mean in 95 degree weather, you'll only stay wet for like 5 minutes after you get out.Lying around by the pool is extremely relaxing. Why wouldn't you come out here?! Although, seats fill up fast, so you might want to come early!Oooh yeah, so you have to pay for the seats with cushions, whatttt the wahttt?! But I'm lucky. And my friend, who stays there frequently, got me on that and the drinks!Awesome!!! Is there a more perfect day? I can't describe it!My only complaint, how clean is water where they let 21+ roam with drinks in their hands?
4	Best place to relax and ppl watching.  The snack bar close too early :(
5	Garden of the Gods Pool is so fancy, I love it.I chilled solo by the pool during my stay at Caesar's so I wasn't able to test the waters this time but just looking at the pool is amazing.  It was ridiculously crowded on Tuesday afternoon that I did one walk around each pool and went back up to the room.  It was too hot to wait around for a chair to open up.I told my mom I'm going to invent waterproof (and fashionable) wristlets so I can have my phone, iPod, and key card for the room in a bag while I get in the pool and don't have to worry about it getting wet and ruined.
5	Can't imagine a nicer pool area anywhere.  Its the one thing we miss the most when we leave.  Get the 32 oz Cocktails @ $22.  Better value than the 16oz @ $16. If you're entering from Augustus you'll have to walk to main entrance of pool for towel.  An older crowd for sure, but its peaceful and quiet and wonderful day beds and Cabanas if you got the bucks.  I love this place
4	Being the land of virtually no water, it's nice to know that the residents of LV have many (chlorinated) swimming options, one of the best being, Garden of the Gods at Caesar's Palace. This pool has many sub-pools, levels, and fountains, each of which is named after a Greco-Roman deity. Gets great sun, at any time of the day till sundown. When I was there, a DJ played a flurry of house, breaks, and dubstep, which made for an upbeat and lively atmosphere. Seating is painfully limited (if it looks any nicer than an outdoor lounge chair, you gotta pay up), but the enormous bowl-sized cocktails made up for that transgression, in my book.
2	Pool is nice enough but seating is limited. Also they are going the "young hip" way here with the topless area being a club type place instead of just a seperate area like in the past or like Wynn.Also 24.00 for a mixed drink., really 24.00 why people WHY do you put up with this and pay these insane prices. That same drink was 6.00 in 1997. What has changed? The casinos started pushing the limits to see what they could get away with and the people kept paying so they kept pushing. When will it end? A 52.00 jack and coke???
4	We checked out the secluded European style pool, The Venus.  It was 118 degrees out.  We took the last cabana.  The sun was intense so we did a little of both; sunbathed and get a little dip to cool off.  The umbrella helped a lot, at times we find ourselves all under the shade of the umbrella.We had drinks, shrimp cocktails, chicken wings, and fresh fruits.  It was awesome!!Mr. DJ was spinning us crazy.  Great experience, had a lot of fun.Make sure you drink a lot of water and not just liquor!!!!
5	Great place. the drinks are pricy but the view is outstanding. You can rent the beds or cabanas with bottle service. you need to bring your license if you want to charge to your room. Also bring cash. you can gamble right in the pool at the black jack tables. So cool
5	love this relaxing pool with good music.  The day beds around the pool are so comfy.  The water is cold so it's refreshing to swim.  There are plenty of places to lounge.  If you have kids it's good too swim but there is not a specific place for just kids pool.
5	Rent a bed for the day, or a cabana, it's worth it. My bestie and I rented two beds, and they were ours for the entire day and included our own server that just happened to be a super nice hot babe in a white bikini. Of course I would have preferred a Geddy Lee look-a-like without his shirt on and my best friend would have enjoyed a naked Abercrombie model to fan her but oh well we'll take what we can get. The day we went it was unimaginably hot. It was nose bleed hot. It was kill your iPhone hot http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/garden-of-the-gods-pool-las-vegas?select=P4fCuPBTymX4-rmHes__mQ#P4fCuPBTymX4-rmHes__mQBefore you even consider stepping out into the pool area do yourself a favor, go to Costco and buy the biggest tub of sunscreen that you can find and bring it with you.The pools are super relaxing and a lot of fun. Great for people watching and they even have gaming tables in the water, cold water is always stocked at the bar for those hot Las Vegas days, there's a snack bar, etc... But don't expect everybody at the pool to be a sexy bitch. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/garden-of-the-gods-pool-las-vegas?select=P4fCuPBTymX4-rmHes__mQ#Lqsdr7doVCyaerEOyimlfA Those are my fat little legs and there were bigger chubbies than me walking around. I only bring this up because I've seen some of you shallow assholes complaining that you've had to spend your time in Las Vegas with people that don't look like models. Must be tough.
4	Expensive but great service. Service definetly got you 4 stars. Not as classy as i would expect but definetly trying to keep up with the rest of the strip.  Will be back for a relaxing day but if your looking for a party i suggest MGM or the Wynn.
5	My favorite pool in Vegas! It's a must whenever I visit Vegas in the summer. I love coming here early in the morning when it doesn't get too crowded. I always feel like a ga-zillion bucks when I'm in the pool. Love the views & architecture. I also like how there are tables in the pool. Yes, they have a high minimum, but the idea is just fun. Drinks here are also crazy good! You can get buzzed real quick as they make 'em strong! I ordered the alcoholic ice cream once and that was superb!!! I've never had anything like it. Love this pool!
5	One of the highlights of our trip was this pool.  I love the architecture and it may just be one of the only pools I've visited where I found myself staring at the buildings and not the people.  They have several "pools" so you can move around and catch the sun.  Hubs and I visited in October and we got there at 11:30 when it was shady and a bit chilly.  We found a chair in the sun and within an hour the place was full!  Many people couldn't find seats.FOODMy only complaint is the price of drinks.  Hubs ordered a small Bloody Mary which came with a $20 price tag.  I will say that it was one of the best Bloody Mary drinks ever but I'm so over $20 drinks.  We also enjoyed a cheeseburger from Snackimus Maximus which we ate together and could not finish.  Huge!AMENITIESThey do have pool side restrooms with a baby changing station and a place to sit and change.  They have a bar and food and they also provide towels.  They also provide free flavored water.
5	Loved this place! We came with a large group for a bachelor party.We all really liked the grouper wrap and the drinks were mixed well.The pools were great and the service was excellent. Our server, Lauren, was especially great and really attentive. Not to mention how attractive she was. Im definitely going back. Multiple times.
5	Blackjack tables in the water! multiple pools with plenty of lounge chairs. Attentive, pretty cocktail servers, with big expensive cocktails. The cocojito (coconut mojito) is awesome. The water temp is nice and idk,there's just a very cool vibe to the whole place. Go here and enjoy.
4	Had a great time spending a hot Vegas Saturday at the Apollo pool here recently. We got a cabana and at first I was a little bummed that we were put at the Apollo which was at the far end of the Garden of the Gods pool area... But believe me, it was for the better. It wasn't as rowdy and packed as the other more central pools were and I really liked that. It was nice to unwind and lay out without having too much chaos swirling around. And of course it was nice to take a dip in the pool whenever it was getting a little too hot just baking under the sun. The pool was never too crowded.The cabana was nice. It had several couches and a flat panel screen inside that were covered. It also had about 4 lounge chairs in its immediate area and about 4 more in front of it right by the pools edge. The pool itself was just steps away and the restrooms were just on the other side of the pool from us. We were in cabana #3 and Leo, Hawaiian guy, our waiter was super cool. Our waitress, who I regretfully forget her name, was super nice and friendly. She was from Guam and had a striking resemblance to one of our close friends. She was a good sport about it and they both were super helpful and friendly. Turned out Leo went to HS in Burbank just like some of our friends & myself so that was really cool to find out. He was good people.Another nice thing at the Apollo pool was that it gets in the shade the latter half of the afternoon. So on those brutal Vegas summer days, it's a much needed respite from the unforgiving sun beating down on you. The girls ordered mojitos and the guys beers. We also got some sushi rolls and they had a deal on chilled lobster tails & shrimp towards the end of the afternoon that my friends jumped on. They were half off so that was good. Had a great time... I recommend getting a cabana cause it's a much better experience. I also have done daybeds there but there's no escape from the sun.Watch your stuff or make sure someone is cause my cousin & his girlfriend had their cellphones and wallets stolen from their chairs pool side just recently. And their stuff was wrapped in a towel and over that, their clothes, so it couldnt have been mistaken for being pool provided towels that needed cleaning up. Horrible... And on my way out this recent visit, I overheard a gentleman complaining of the same thing. His stuff was gone. He was right by the entrance to the Garden of the Gods, where it was the busiest. Scary... Keep your stuff safe! Word to the wise...
4	Still amazing, the vibe was fun with the DG. The day beds DID NOT have the shade covers as they used to. why not?? Hmmmm, they also used to rent by the half day, not now.... HmmmmStill fun
5	We absolutely loved this place!! We spent all of our time at the Venus Pool. It can be a little pricey but if you spend $50 on food and drinks, you can get a pool chair. The service is great. The drinks were strong and the food was delicious! Security really does a great job of keeping everyone safe and comfortable. We all felt totally comfortable with our tops off. Kudos Caesars for this amazing pool!
5	I stayed at the Westin and the pool was just way too small and there were barely anyone there. Went on google and found this pool, on the last day of the trip. Saw the reviews and pictures and decided to give it a try and went in. There were barely anyone at the gate to check any person to see if they paid cover or not so anyone could sneak in I guess. Ladies were free but guys were $30 bucks each. We paid and got changed, the pool was huge and there were plenty of people and it was worth every penny as we paid for the atmosphere and we got it. There were other pools but we decided to stick to the main one as there were more room to play around in.Overall I would recommend this pool to anyone to try it out, there may be better pool out there but this one does it for me, very fancy, decent cover charge and so on.
5	The Garden Pool was amazing-super beautiful, and after a TERRIBLE experience at the Venus topless pool the staff was so nice and helpful!! They did everything they could to make sure we had a great time at the pool after the rudeness we encountered at Venus and we ended up enjoying our stay thanks to the Garden Pool - we would definitely go back!
5	Very nice pool. Visually, the pool area is gorgeous. And there's plenty of chairs. Absolutely loves the pool. The service was fantastic as well. The pool area was very clean and I noticed that they cleaned up after people very quickly after they left to make room for more people. Definitely a gorgeous pool to visit!
5	I really love this place!  It's beautiful and clean.  Our waitresses were excellent they were very attentive. I brought my kids down to the pool. The pool was clean and warm.  They made me feel like a princess.  The kids had the chicken strips and fries. They were good. The drinks were delicious. Especially the blackberry one! Mmmmm! I can't wait to go back!
3	This is a big to-do...loved the pool...didnt like the fact that the comfy seats were $250...but they had lots of free pool chairs. Many different body shapes so there is no reason the feel uncomfortable ...its Vegas...who cares. I did like the swim up bar...that was cool. You could hear the DJ from the Venus pool ...but if you are not drinking just enjoy the music from the adjacent pool because its $40 bar charge in order to use the pool chairs....overall ..pretty sight.
4	Nice pool area, sadly it was too cold for me to swim there (although others were doing it). It wasn't crowded, but we were there in October. The chairs were comfortable and food and drinks were available right there.
