4	Made in France is far more than your average deli. The owners have sourced everything in the shop themselves from independent French suppliers to give the customers a far more authentic French experience. Real Toulouse sausages and Raclette cheese hang from the shelves between bottles of wine and vinegar. For me though one of the nicest things I discovered were the tiny pots of apple puree that you get in every French supermarket but are impossible to find over here. Basically it's baby food, mushed up apples in a squeezy pot, but wow it just tastes so good! It was only on my second or third visit here that I also discovered that Made in France hire out Fondue and Raclette sets too. Having never had the urge to hold a fondue party (I lie, I always have the urge but I fear it would be a habit I couldn't quit) I'm yet to try one of these sets out myself but I bet it would be a lot of fun. The shop prepares the cheese for you so all you have to do is melt it and dip stuff in. Cheesy deliciousness!
4	We were out on one of those warm summery days and found ourselves searching for a wee sandwich shop in the area. We had never heard of this place and decided to take a chance. The decor was brilliant! You feel like you are in a real french cafe! You could tell that they took their food seriously as well as they had very rare treats such as a special pate, and cheeses that you rarely see around. I am not very familiar with French food but wanted to try the ever so famous Croque Monsieur. Apparently these bad boys can go for 20 euros at the hotels in Paris!! Here however they are much more reasonably priced. Basically its an open faced sandwich (baguette) with bechamel and emmental cheese. Its grilled and the baguette gets a bit crunchy (Croque Monsieur means Mister crunchy in France), and the cheese toasted and even a bit burnt, which I love cause its crunchy on top yet bubbly and beautiful underneath. I asked that he put a bit of dijon and pepper on it which gave it a bit of kick. LOVED IT! They also have fresh squeezed orange juice which I have come to understand is quite difficult to come across in these northerly parts! I can't even tell you how many times I have asked the waiter if the orange juice was freshly squeezed and for them to tell me ye, yet  when I receive the juice it is clearly from the carton and not even tropicana quality! ugh. yes, this is a pet peeve of mine, but is it so hard to understand the concept of freshly squeezed juice???? Anyways, they do have it here and I love that. The price is reasonable and the place is quaint and delicious. They also offer student discounts (10% off).
5	I have been coming here for years now and it never fails to deliver. The food is amazing and I posting this too close to lunch time and I am too far away to be thinking about how good there sandwiches are.I always opt for the soup and a goats cheese/peppers bagette. The bagettes are rustic and the cheese peppers are a perfect combo to this.My friend always grabs a Croque Madame, whcih here is bechamel and cheese done over a grill. She is never a big eater so I always fall air to half... yep she is the perfect lunch companion! The coffee is the main reason I keep coming back large cups of americano with swaths of "la crema". They really know there food and drinks here. The couple that own the place are the nicest people you could meet. Thumbs up from me.
