4	Dr. Kelley is  a great  Dr. He delivered my first child through c-section. A couple of warnings - if you are seeing him for prenatal I would suggest you eat before going to your appointment because there were times when I waited for almost 2 hours, and if you are  interested in vbac's he will persuade you into another c-section. Other than that I have no other complaints. I would see him for gynecological reasons not for obstetrics again. Hope this helps.
1	Dr Kelley was a miserable experience for me.  While I'm certain he's capable and intelligent, I was new to vegas and he didn't take the take to thoroughly read my chart from old Ob. If I hadn't been an RN and well versed in my situation, I would've had repeat tests performed and been scared to death by him reporting infant growth information that was nearly 2 months old. He was unkind and unexcited about my baby. I didn't want him to be part of my birth experience, so I found someone else! I've never had such a terrible reaction to a doctor and I work with them for a living.
1	I should have read the review by Annie S. prior to my visit with Dr. Kelley. I am also an RN and new to Vegas and in need of finding a new GYN. The receptionist was very nice however, when I walked into the office it was an uninviting atmosphere. I waited about an hour to be seen. The entire clinical staff was unfriendly and unwelcoming. The MA took my blood pressure and did not bother to relay the reading to me. Neither she nor the Dr. asked if I had any concerns that I wanted to discuss. The reason for my visit was for my annual physical, discuss the removal of a paragard IUD and the placement of a Mirena IUD. (I am menopausal and am on estrogen therapy so I need opposing progesterone). I have conducted much research of published studies supporting the use of the Mirena IUD to provide opposed progesterone while using estrogen for menopausal symptoms.  I told him I did not want to use an oral progesterone due to the side effects (specifically weight gain) as studies have shown that direct vaginal application (Mirena IUD) or transdermal patches do not produce these side effects.THERE ARE RECENT PUBLISHED MEDICAL STUDIES PROVING THIS!! His comment was that he would not know why anyone would want to use the Mirena IUD for this purpose and that the claims of side effects of oral progesterone (weight gain) were false.  Then he asked me in an extremely condescending tone, "how do you know that you are menopausal?" SERIOUSLY???!?!! I AM A NURSE, I have lab results showing almost non existent estrogen and high FSH levels, suffered unrelenting hot flashes prior to the use of the transdermal estrogen patch, I have not had a period for 1 year AND I am 52 years old!! He whisked me into the stirrups and abruptly and very roughly proceeded with the pap & pelvic exam. After he and MA left the room I suffered a vasovagal response. I WILL NOT BE RETURNING TO THIS DR FOR MY HEALTHCARE NEEDS AND WILL DEFINITELY NOT RECOMMEND HIM OR HIS OFFICE TO ANYBODY. HE WAS RUDE, CONDESCENDING, EXTREMELY ROUGH AND ABSOLUTELY HAS A SUPERIORITY COMPLEX!I!!
1	I'm pregnant with my first child. I have been with WSC for years now but obviously need a OB now. I called to set up an appointment with another OB that a friend went to, only to find out that doctor was completely booked so I didn't wanna wait months to go in & the lady on the phone did talk me into seeing Dr. Kelley so I made the appointment and went in to see him, by the time I got back there and finished up my paper work it took him about 45 minutes to get in the room. He introduced himself well with a hand shake and dove right into a Pap smear, I've had a few of these in my time & by far this was the most long and painful one I've ever had! He did a vaginal ultrasound so I could see my little ball of joy growing in me! After that he said to get dressed and meet him in his office because I explained to him I did have a few questions. By the second question he told me that the paper work he gave me could answer the rest and I told him I've had horrible morning sickness & ask if he could recommend anything & he told me to deal with it. He has no bed side manner at all! He's very rude. I understand, he's done this for a long time but I would never go back to him because of his complete lack of care & the worst painful pap ever.. Don't waste your time! Find someone who cares about you & your unborn child. He doesn't even deserve one star!
