5	I can't think of what else you would need from a bus station. It was clean, well marked, and easy to find. The buses arrive inside the actual building so regardless of the weather conditions, you can board and unboard the bus in relative comfort. It helped us a ton that the station was connected (via walkway- that still appeared to be under a bit of construction) to the metro. However, the taxi stand just outdoors was nice as well.And if for some horrible reason you have a significant wait for your next bus, there is a fantastic library to visit just across the street! I only wish my bus wasn't on schedule so I could've enjoyed some of that.
3	Well located with the connection from inside Berri Metro, easy to navigate around to find your bus, comfortable and clean waiting areas, and in my experience friendly and functionally bilingual staff. There's an old school cafe in here with some toxic coffee, but this sort of goes with the territory, no?
4	Not at all the stereotypical sleazy bus station, especially compared to the one on the other end of my Greyhound trips in New York. It actually looks nicer than some airports I've been through, despite the enormous amount of foot traffic.
4	If you are planning to take an intercity bus this is the main bus terminal in Montreal. From what I heard, this bus terminal was revampted a few years a ago. You will find there a coffee place, a small book store and ATM machines.  It can easily be reached via the subway, city buses, by taxis and by car. There is even a bus connecting with the airport. The bus ride will take you between 40 and 60 minutes from the airport. By taxi it's more or less 20-25 minutes.There are different ways to buy your bus tickets. Either the traditional wait in lign at the counter or by using the self service interactive terminal or on the bus station website. Worth to mentioned, their website is really bad! Try the website of the bus companies stopping there! (Limocar, Orleans etc..). They are much better! Just to give you an example, it not possible to find the address of the bus terminal on their site!! That's quite ridiculous. Overall it's a good transit station. It's nothing fancy but it does the job! A small detail there is free wifi in the bus terminal and in most buses connecting to this station.
3	I take the bus to NYC every few months so I've been here my fair share of times. The bus depot used to be right up from Berri metro, now you need to go up, walk down the length of the old depot, walk down another flight of stairs, and then back up again. Quite annoying but I understand it's for the improvement of certain aspects of the business. The staff have been quite kind to me, then again I have a tendency to stop by the grocery store before my long trip (to grab my bus food) and generally bring them the 50% off cupcakes or something of the sort. There is a small store just on the other side of the bathrooms, thank goodness its open until midnight. Free wifi, seating, outlets near the seating. They could use a more modestly priced coffee shop and perhaps one with better hours considering there are people in transit throughout the evening as well.
2	It was my first international trip and I was excited to visit Canada, a country that I heard was so clean and neat. The bus station looked spotless. I was not a fan of the multiple stairs I had to maneuver to get to the metro. It was killer on my knees, especially when you're dragging along a suitcase. Where are the elevators? escalators?
