5	This Bikram studio is new. I love Bikram!   So I have learned that where I practice or what I practice is all on me. This studio has great teachers. You will see familiar faces from Tempe Bikram. I love that this studio has very spacious dressing rooms, 5:30am class, great teachers, nice deco, convenient location,  and spacious non smelly practice room. Still very new so there still fixing up, adding somethings. (Personally i wish they change the gray walls in the practice and dressing rooms; add more color) Overall I love the studio and practice.
5	The best bikram yoga studio I have ever been to, and I have been to a few in different states as well. It is relatively new,& so is in perfect condition. You havta come here and experience it yourself. The staff and teachers are excellent and I see quite a few from bikram Phoenix in fact. The best part is this place isn't really crowded, the studio is relatively big, maybe the word ain't out far about it yet and also maybe since its on dobson in Mesa? Anyway, I wouldn't think of going anywhere else
5	I was introduced to Bikram Yoga at this studio after buying a coupon deal online. Though I can't say that I'm in love with Bikram or Hot Yoga, this was a GREAT place to try it out and get your first feel for it. The staff were very accommodating and helpful to a newbie like me and I felt very comfortable and welcomed the whole way through!
5	Good as it gets for my first Bikram experience. I'm an total gym rat but was in the mood to try a little something different so i gave this shot. it was everything i expected it to be and i left feeling awesome. The Instructor was great and a nice facility with a nice area for changing and lockers etc. they do provide mats if you do not have one first time around. I really enjoy more intense paid workouts but this is something i will look into doing whenever i feel like i need to slow things down for awhile and get my muscles relaxed and stretched out. I walked away with some good tips and can see myself back sometime in the near future.
5	Have been moving around a lot lately and trying to fit in a little yoga when I can. This place was close to my current location and it was great. Took a class that had all levels of yogi. Instructor was easy to follow inspiring energizing and just dang sweet! One if the greatest so far I have been too!
5	I love this place. Everyone is really friendly and they give great instruction throughout the class. I have brought my friends who also love this studio.
5	LOVE! My work colleague fell in love with Bikram at this location and asked me to join her. The instructors are fantastic and it is a very nice studio. Everyone is so encouraging and helpful :) It is such a wonderful way to detox the body and mind!
5	Such a great studio!! I had been following the groupon's around the valley to get my yoga fix. When I arrived at this studio, I knew this is where I would stay. The instructors are so great. Motivating, Friendly and know your name (I love that part)!!  Staff is helpful and friendly and I enjoy the occasional laugh before class. This place is clean, affordable and not to Cutesy. I have brought a few of my friends and we all enjoy this place. Makes me look forward to going to class.
