1	Credit card fraud, anyone?Attempted to cancel my "no contract" membership after the owner, Henry, screwed up on my billing twice in less than a month. Was assured account was canceled and was refunded $40 that was incorrectly billed to me. January 28 was billed another $40, 3 weeks after account had been canceled and had been assured by other owner Joel that account was closed and taken care of. Called and was met with an incompetent employee who didn't know what was going on and assured me that he would have one of the owners call me shortly after. Waited around for several hours before leaving an unpleasant voicemail with them, informing them that charging my CC further without authorization was considered fraud, and I would be pressing charges if they did not refund the money.2nd owner, Joel, called me and was extremely condescending, telling me if I hadn't been unpleasant that he would refund, but because I had told them it's CC fraud and was angry during my voicemail that he would be fighting to keep my money. He also told me he's never had a problem with any of his customers, which I find hard to believe. He eventually did refund it, however I was extremely displeased with the poor customer service. Apparently you're not supposed to be angry when your CC is billed incorrectly 3 times in under 60 days? Avoid this place at all costs unless you want to deal with extremely incompetent staff and repeated unauthorized charges on your credit card.
3	Well, this gym is now under new ownership and I hate to say, is even worse. We were excited to see it reopen thinking we would go to the gym more with it being close to home again, only to walk in and find that new ownership completely stripped it down to the bare necessities. They removed nice equipment and replaced it with old equipment that is missing pieces and seems kinda dirty to me (maybe just cause it's old but I do remember seeing mud on the treadmills...uggh). They removed the tanning beds. They removed the seating area. They removed the lockers. There isn't a place to even put your car keys now!I haven't seen any of the old members come back. The only clients I have seen are groups...some sort of Boy's Club which took up all of the cardio machines and then there was a group of men standing around watching football (turned it up so loud that it completely drowned out the music) while another guy they were with worked out.This gym is in an exclusive neighborhood but it may as well be in the ghetto as far as I'm concerned.We will gladly keep making the drive to the Anytime Fitness on 1510 West Horizon Ridge Parkway, Henderson, NV 89012 where the owner, Jack, ensures that everyone walks away with a great gym experience.****Update: I have given this location another chance and while I still prefer the Horizon Ridge location, this one has definitely improved. It has gained another star from me. There is now a sofa and reading material as well as a bulletin board for members to post their business cards etc (I love when businesses have something like this...it tells me they care about their clients). While the hand sanitizer dispensers were removed during the change of ownership, there are wipes that can be used for that purpose as well as for the obvious purpose of wiping down the equipment you used. And, I am very pleased that the trainer Karen (I think that is her name) returned. She is always so nice and personable! Haven't noticed any boys club groups working out anymore either.
1	This review goes along with Shellby (because i was the friend that went)This place is a joke! The salesmen David needs more training he was so agreesive and pushy without a convincing sales pitch. And for the rates they are offering and the facilities they have I would rather join a 2 year at LVAC. I mean come on 49.99 for a membership to a gym that looks like you can make it in your own garage....i think not. The main reason we went to this location is because of a free 30 day trial...and even after the rude treatment from David....i still wanted to try but my friend was not happy. I hope he likes his business because at the rate he going he wont have it for long
4	This Anytime Fitness has done a complete turn-around.  From a small space that was not well maintained, it has moved into a much larger, 2-story facility with new equipment and really nice facilities (same shopping center).  There is even a big high-tech automated electronic workout room.  They also boast some of the best trainers I have seen.  These are people with real expertise -- not some 6-week wonders hired by some of the big chains.  The place is clean and well maintained and is really comfortable to be at.  The bathrooms are private with showers.  Most cardio equipment is upstairs on a balcony overlooking the rest of the gym. Really nice design.  Also, membership rates are really reasonable.  They have really turned my opinion around 180 degrees.
1	Long story short STAY AWAY from this gym.  Worst gym/customer service I have ever experienced. -5 stars
5	This gym is great!  I used to work out at the previous location and it is such a big and wonderful improvement!  The equipment is amazing, the gym is new and clean, and Jake & Dave are both very helpful and nice! I have already had several of my friends sign up and they love it too!  It is very close to Anthem, Green Valley, Seven Hills, Anthem Highlands, Silverado Ranch and Henderson! I love the classes too!  Dave told me that there are more to come also! If you're not into mega-gyms where you constantly have to wait for a dirty, sweaty machine, I recommend this location!
1	As a former member of this location, my contract didn't expire until the end of 2013.  In an effort to close out my account, I paid off the existing balance.  I had heard rumors that although I closed the contract, I should watch my credit card statement because this particular location has a reputation for continuing to charge credit cards with the assumption that the charge will not be noticed.  Surprise!  I checked today and I was charged for a contract that has been paid in full.  A franchise is only as good as the location.  This "owner"  is an experienced con artist based and needs to be shut down.
5	A few months ago, this gym moved to a new, MUCH better location just a few doors south of where they were! The change in atmosphere has been dramatic. They have made huge improvements in their equipment, facilities and cleanliness.  They have something I have never seen at any other gym, which is a large room with a virtual trainer that you can set up to be your own personal class or invite friends to join you. On offer is a large selection of virtual classes ranging from yoga and Pilates to Spin. It's easy to sign in at a machine on the wall and select a class.  Once you have signed up once on location, you can reserve your time from your computer at home. So far, it is never very busy, but I suspect as people discover how cool this is, it will get to where you will be wise to schedule ahead.There are several excellent personal trainers who work there.  My favorite is Ciro Agnelli  (FIT BY CIRO at Anytime Fitness on Facebook ) who has been my personal trainer for over 8 years!  He is so knowledgeable has such a boundlessly positive personality, he always makes me feel better after I finish even a grueling workout!
5	My husband and I have been going to this gym for a few months now.  We love going to this gym for so many reasons. You won't feel intimated when you walk in and all the people are very nice and smiley.  I love that I can take a TKO class there all by myself and no ones is staring at me.  I only started doing TKO when I joined this gym and I love it!  I enjoy the TV's they have on some of the work out equipment, so I don't have to miss out on Dr.Phil! LOL. It's nice how clean this gym is and every time I am there they are cleaning the bathrooms. Any time we need anything they are right there to help us out.  We wouldn't go any where else!  This gym is it!
5	Wow, wow, wow! Consider my mind blown! This place has turned itself completely around thanks to the new owner and location! It's seriously AMAZING now! It's super spacious with a plethora of workout equipment, and not just standard equipment either. They have things for crossfit enthusiasts and even a room designated for classes that you can program to your liking. I am really impressed and looking forward to renewing my membership here.
5	This gym has EVERYTHING you need for functional fitness, cardio, bodybuilding and even rehab. I have never seen anything like their classroom. I was sold before my tour and I expected rates to be much higher.Perfect atmosphere.
4	Parking (5/5)Parking is very easy, close and clean. I never had an issue finding a parking spot, even on busy days. Ambiance (5/5):This gym has the most awesome music system. You can put your choice of music on the speakers using an iPad that is on the stand. This is particularly awesome when I go and workout after 11PM, since I am the only one there and I can workout to Dub step without annoying anyone.Service (3/5)It's an interesting gym. This gym is open 24/7 for 365 days. Staff is only available on normal working hours (7AM to 10PM), weekend hours  (7AM to 8PM).  Co-ed bathroom/showers are clean. The only issue that I have with that it takes them really long time to fix broken equipment. Some of the treadmills have been broken for more than 3 weeks. There is also a room where you can take different classes by using the videos that are pre-loaded on the system. It's a good addition to all the general work out equipment like (elliptical, weights, punching bags, etc.)Overall (4/5), it's a good gym that fits anyone's schedule for ($30/month). Initially they will charge you $50-70 for a key fab, activation feed and first month. Its clean and working out on your personalized music is a lot of fun. You can get a free day's pass to check out this gym.
5	Everything a person could want. Tanning, an on-demand fitness room, cardio with a view, and knowledgeable personal trainers. And located in Seven Hills!
5	I have been going to this gym for over six months now. My husband and I go work out every day, well at least six days a week. It's never packed and I can always get on a machine. I love that I can take a TKO class when ever I want all by my self. It's a clean place and the people are very friendly. Oh and they have a new tanning bed!
1	This gym is the WORST gym, ever!!!!Just because this gym is small and more private, doesnt mean you are getting quality service, better equipment or cheaper membership. Let me explain...They claim they offer intimacy, privacy, great customer service and competitive gym memberships, BUT this is FALSE. They are MORE expensive than any other gym (Gold's, LVAC, 24 hour, ect). Second, they claim they are 24 hour gym, but DONT forget your key card to get in, OR you can say goodbye to your workout session. Their rude employees (specifically the general manager) only work until 5:30pm. So if you forget your key card, you wont be getting access to the facility after 5:30pm. They DON'T tell you this when signing up. What do I mean by this...let me quickly tell you about my experience...My key card was on my set of car keys. Being that I swapped vehicles with my husband, I didnt have my set of keys with my access key card. Therefore, I asked the general manager if I could get a second key card, in case situations happen like this such as this. He said, no. I said, I'm not trying to scam the system by getting to key cards, as my husband works out at Gold Gym. I even showed him my husbands Golds Gym card. I told the general manager that he should come up with a solution to this problem and he pretty much told me, too bad. All they want is your money. They dont care about client service, problem resolution, feedback, ect. They were so rude!!! I cancelled my membership on the spot and paid the "early termination fee of $341." At this point it was about the principle, rather than the money. Moral of this story...DON'T waste your time or money on Anytime Fitness, because you will be DISAPPOINTED. Oh, one more thing, their owner was smug, arrogant, facetious, and greedy. You will NOT feel like a valued client.
1	Incompetance, unprofessional, stupidity and inaccuracy is how i would describe the management of this facility. If you read their response to by initial review, you will find they make reference to my "displacement of my fob key, or to be specific, "I didnt place my fob key in a convenient place." (Same thing). Well, that is completely inaccurate. It's apparent that this manager is stating FALSE information. If you recall correctly, I had my husband's vehicle with his set of keys and he had my vehicle with my set of keys (which OBVIOUSLY would have MY key fob on my key chain). Therefore, tell me how this is NOT putting my key fob in a "convenient place?" Really? Are you that stupid? Having my key fob on my key chain is NOT a convenient place? This manager clearly doesn't know what he's talking about. As I said previously, I wasn't trying to scam the gym by getting 2 keys fobs. I am not a deceitful person. All I asked is for this facility to provide me with a way to get into their gym, "that I fund," if I didn't have my set of keys. They talk about providing security, but i guess they prefer that you to wait until a customer leaves the gym, grabbing the door behind them, before it closes, in order to get jn. This is what I had to do on several occasions, as I didnt have my set of keys with my key fob. And each time this happened, there was NO staff member present around 7pm to even IDENTIFY me. Do you call this security? I could have been a "non-member" walking into the gym for free. What a joke!!! This leads me into my next question...what is one to do when they forget their key fob and no staff memeber is present, to let you into the gym after 5:30pm? Are you supposed to go home and abandon your workout for the day? I know I am NOT the ONLY person out there that this has happened to. As an owner of my own company, I believe in conflict resolution, honesty and customer service. So let me be the mature, managerial, adult here and say humbly, that my comment on the early termination fee was incorrect. The $341 fee was my contractual commitment. I realize this was my contractual responsibility, which is why I paid it. So I stand corrected on this. Why doesnt this gym offer an APOLOGY to me, rather than be argumentative and flippant???Bottom line, these people are not real business men, because they should know that you don't argue with a "paying customer." Obviously their egos are more important than their customers. But what can you expect from a mediocre, gym manager? You're NOT that important.
5	I've been a member of many different gyms over the years and I have to say this is the first time a gym owner/manager has kept their word on how they operate and maintain their gym. The gym is kept clean and the equipment is well maintained. The owners/managers are some of the friendliest people I've met in the Henderson area. I've seen the owner walking around giving the members bottled water and protein bars, I've never seen any other gym owner do that. The people who workout at this gym have all been very friendly and there is no macho attitude. As long as I live in the Henderson area this is the gym for me.
5	I am a previous Division One Soccer player and I was looking for a gym that allowed me access to all the amenities of a great gym (cardio machines, separate classroom, TRK bands, racks, free weights, machines, etc.). Anytime Fitness in Seven Hills has all of that and a very friendly staff! You will never feel judged while working out, everyone in there is supportive of one another, and the machines are clean. Also, its a gym where you aren't expected to show up in matching tight workout outfits, a full face of makeup, and not sweat too much as a female. I LOVE THAT FACT! I show up in soccer shorts and a tshirt without make up on and its completely acceptable. It is a great gym and I will support it as long as I am in Las Vegas.
5	I travel a lot for work and have visited many anytime fitness gyms I was looking for a gym  close to my work site and I found this one. I was expecting a typical anytime fitness small with outdated equipment and a manager that basically ignored the members This Gym is very clean and they have all equipment which I wanted to use. The Mgr "David" is really kind and nice and the members are too. You can really tell he cares about everyone. They have a virtual class which is nice and I took a Zumba class. It was so fun! When I come back to Las VegasI will only visit this gym!
5	I have been a member here for over a year and I love it. The staff are always friendly, the facility is immaculate and the bathrooms always smell clean. They just got a bunch of new treadmills too! My favorite part is the projection screen and separate room you can create your own workout and follow along on the screen!! You should definitely check this place out!
