1	BEWARE!! He's a SALESMAN, NOT AN ETHICAL DENTIST. By far the WORST dentist I have ever been to. Even though he knew I worked at a dental school, and know A LOT more than an average patient about dentistry, he still proceeded to "diagnose" $5300 worth of treatment for fillings, crowns, etc. I had my x-rays looked at my 5 dentists at work in the next week. I didnt have a single cavity. I only actually needed 1 filling. If you want to go to someone who will tell you that you need restorations on every tooth, he's your man. Also, the hygienist did not display proper infection control technique. Who knows what bacteria/disease may be in that office.
1	So here's the thing. I used this dentist for at least a couple years. I thought it was a great place, but every time I went in for a cleaning or something more serious like a cavity. They told me I'd need to come back in 3-4 weeks because there's another issue. So more and more money would go down the drain to help my teeth and my future, right? Well funny thing. I remember them telling me after my last visit about a year ago that I had to come back in three weeks for some "problems they saw". Well I didn't go back. And I haven't since. Since I stopped going I really haven't changed my hygiene habits, and I did change toothpaste from a standard to baking soda only with no fluoride. I haven't had any discomfort and no decay since then. My eating habits and brushing and (lack of) flossing hasn't changed. But I remember when they worked on my teeth I'd feel the discomfort later and go back because of their "professional" advice. After some time of using the new toothpaste and ignoring any sort of dental work. I haven't had any cavities. I haven't had any discomfort. And I haven't felt the need to go back in despite all the emails they send me. In closing, I think this dental location is a con and they mess up your teeth for profit. Who know's. It may be the industry as a whole. But since I stopped going and changed my toothpaste to baking soda based. I haven't had a single problem. When I was going to Desert Peak Family Dental. I had tooth problems every month or so according to them. Also, the service is really generic. Receptionist are passive aggressive. The doctors and nurses are out of some science fiction where you wake up in a perfect utopia. It's all very cheesy and overdone. I would never go back here. And I suggest you find another place. They want your money and will mess up your teeth to get you to come back. I can't stress enough. Ever since I stopped going I haven't had any discomfort or reason to go back. And I really didn't change my habits. So what does that tell you? Hm?
5	Great experience overall! Amazingly genuine Dr. , caring staff, and precise dentistry . A place I'd confidently  refer my friends and family.
