4	I ordered a plain bagel with cream cheese (the truest test).  Fortunately for me, mine was just out of the oven and tasted very good.  It did appear that the more exotic bagels may not have been as fresh as mine, so your experience may differ.
2	I really can't get too excited about the bagels here.  I actually prefer Einstein Brothers.  The bagels here are decent, especially if they are hot, and the toppings are good.  The coffee here is decent.  But really, there isn't much to get overly excited about.
3	Still not much to get excited about here.  But I'm taking the day off in order to get some stuff down around the house, and Brueggers is right around the corner, I thought I'd stop in & get a quick breakfast and coffee.  The egg white & sundried tomato sandwich was definitely different and it didn't have that prefab taste that some breakfast sandwiches have.  Plus one star for the hot bagel they served it on.  It was s-o-o-o good on a cold late March morning (and what the !@#$ is up with this winter weather we've been having around here?  Isn't baseball season supposed to be starting next week?).  Coffee here is much improved, what with the Green Mountain Coffee they're now serving here. I like that it's Fair Trade Certified.  Anyone who knows me knows my motto is "Fair Trade, not Free Trade."
2	I really like Bruegger's bagels, but I can't stand this location. There is one older woman who works there pretty much every day and she is pretty much the most unfriendly person I have ever encountered. She makes you feel like you are ordering your bagel at the prison cafeteria. On top of that she rushes you so god forbid you want to order something else for a friend or an extra bag of bagels, she's already moved on to the next person.We went yesterday and I ordered a strawberry lemonade, one of their great new drinks. We both took a sip and made a face at eachother...why is it FIZZY? Yeah, it's not supposed to be fizzy, so it must be FERMENTED! Yay! My husband took it up to the counter and said rhetorically, "Is this supposed to be fizzy?" The girl at the counter shook it and said "It doesn't LOOK fizzy!" Um, remember that old customer service adage? No? "Well do you want another drink?" We ended up with a regular fountain drink, which I didn't check the menu but I'm willing to bet it cost less than the specialty beverage I had already paid for.So basically I'm annoyed and I'm probably gonna not go to this location anymore.
3	Bagels are tasty.  Even chain bagels.  I personally prefer the Bagel Factory, but this Bruegger's is ridonkulously close to my apartment, and they have coupons all over the newspaper and facebook, so it's easy to get lots of free/cheap foodz.  I have to say though, when you get a bagel and a schmear, they put a gross amount of cream cheese on.  I love cheese as much as the next person, but the cream cheese is a condiment, there is not supposed to be a 1-1 cheese to bagel ratio.  But the lady at the counter was super nice.  She said something awesome the last time I was there - like "have a peaceful day" or "have a beautiful day" or a "joyful day" or some adjective better than a "nice" day.  Gotta love that!
3	Another average bagel place that's located on Murray in the heart of Squirrel Hill. I've stopped in here a few times while shopping in the neighborhood or before/after a movie at the Manor. One thing I don't like is that they close pretty early from what I remember (maybe 5 or so).  Otherwise, make sure to Grab a bag of day old bagels, which I think are only $2.99.
4	Bruegger's Breakfast bagel with scrambled egg and swiss cheese is tops for me!   I like either a pumpernickel or a plain bagel.  I don't get cream cheese because I can't digest any brand.Beet salad is also good - although they overload the greens.I frequent the Squirrel Hill location weekly.
3	I come here to study pretty frequently. The location is good and near both parking and public transportation.The food is decent: it's your typical chain bagel store. Nothing more and nothing less. The service can be really friendly or just....not. I think it depends on who is working that day.I sort of wish they had more outlets around the place. It's clearly a spot where you can sit for awhile so having very few outlets makes it tough for anyone connected to technology.The music is usually okay: typical background stuff from the 90s through today. A bit eclectic. Overall, a decent place to grab a bagel and do some work if you like working with a little bit of noise in the background.
2	They got my order, and my girlfriend's order, wrong on the same day. Do not expect to get what you order.
