3	Well, I never visited Sin City but I dig the space at NoDa 101. I popped in for a beer and was happily surprised by the number of local beers they offer. The space itself is fairly small with the bar taking up a majority of the area. Thus, until they make structural changes, be prepared to sit around the bar. If you're a sports fanatic, there's a variety of memorabilia and such amongst the TVs. But the part that will keep me coming back to NoDa 101 is the really friendly and jovial service. Even though it was my first time at NoDa 101 both the bartender and owner were incredibly friendly. I'm looking forward to heading back here when they add items to their menu and change up the seating options just a bit.
5	How to describe this place? I think the most accurate description would be a dive bar with really good food. There's not much space to sit, unless you're sitting at the bar. If that's your goal however then hop right on in here, just don't come here on a date trying to have a conversation cause you'll regret it (the music is really really loud)!They've got local beers, domestic drafts, IPAs you name it they probably have a good selection for your excellent tastes. Check in here on foursquare or yelp and get a free draft as well! I've got to give it to their service for being new they are the friendliest nicest people around. Though maybe they might want to tone it down on the checkins to see if everything is alright. I asked about how a cider tasted and our server described it to me and then he came back with a glass full of it for me to try out. Wow I wasn't expecting that! I ended up ordering a Loco Coco which I did not like so I'm thankful that he brought me some cider on the house that I could enjoy.Food here is banging, get the Rueben. Trust me gorgeous rye bread toasted nicely with mounds of sauerkraut and corned beef piled inside served with your choice of side. I liked the salt and pepper chips I have no idea where they got them from or if they made them, all I know is that one moment it was there and the next it was all gone. Magic chips I tell you! Somehow they vanished into my mouth.Great food, friendly people, super chill. Go here to unwind and listen to the cool music or watch a game.
5	In the words of rapper Roscoe Dash, "I had a Good Freakin Night" at NoDa 101 last night!As soon as I stepped in the door, I knew I'd found my niche in NoDa. All night long the DJ on duty kept dropping fresh beats and sick mixes that had the peeps in NoDa 101 fist pumping for more! The music playing was a party pleasing mix of techno, dance, top 40's, hip-hop, and a little R & B. So within the music variety there was definitely a little something for everyone to groove to from their bar stool.Speaking of bar, lets chat about my beverages of choice, and the snazzy bartenders on deck shall we? We shall =) Bee-bopping along with my fellow NoDa 101 bar-mates, the sweet bartender on duty noticed that I was without a beverage, and quickly came to my rescue. After placing my order, I watched as the bartender danced while making my drink. Popping and Locking, snapping and such as he made my Midori Sour and Screwdriver. Amazing drinks, and a show! What-Up!  And he wasn't the only bartender who danced and  attended, in fact the whole staff was in on the jig. Just another thing I love about this place! Perfect drinks, great vibes,sweet beats, and room for rump-shakers like myself!Taking a seat at the bar, you have your choice of viewing 3 different games plastered across the big screens overhead. Every bar goer's dream, comfy seats and great games! Apparently, NoDa 101 hosts league nights! Sounds like a great future date night for me and my boo! And while tuning into the games, I also plan to dive into the great eats here ! I hear the food is delicious! We'll definitely be partaking in the eats on our next date night,  in addition to our "shaken, not stirred" libations ;) See you soon NoDa 101!  =)
4	I am not going to write two pages for this review: this place does not need fluff.  Good food, nice bar with lots of TVs and friendly people all around.  Blah blah blah come get a beer.
5	My husband is a huge bangles/buckeye fan so you can't beat this place. Good food and cheap beer. Ask for Alex as he'll always take care of you at the bar. This place generally has about 7 customers max but as soon as football season starts back up I'm certain that will change!! If you decide to stop by look for the guy sitting at the bar in the Boomer Esiason and tell him his wife sent you. ;-)Oh and definitely swing by on For Mexican Mondays for $1.50 tacos that are pretty awesome and $3 margaritas!
4	If you're looking for a great hole-in-the-wall type bar, Noda 101 is one of a few in the local Noda area. Merely a room with a full bar occupying about 50% of the total available space of the building, it is very close-quartered and a great place to have a low-key hangout over a few drinks. A party of 5 is probably pushing your luck getting face time with everyone.Although unfamiliar with the weekly drink specials and entertainment, I can tell you that on a Tuesday night you are likely to find all three- drafts on special, a PA system with radio-play, and intermittent live music by a local artist. They will usually set up their gear and play in the front corner of the bar. The volume is usually pretty average and you won't have a hard time hearing a conversation.The crowd is pretty low key during the week, and may not be the case on a weekend. Bartenders are generally pretty friendly, and sometimes partake in conversing.Overall, it's a pretty solid hangout joint.
4	Great bar, great neighborhood, cold beer and good food.  Not a bad combination for a quick beer and bite in NoDa.  If you haven't been, swing in.  It's much better pricing than you'll find in town and it's relaxing.
3	Stopped in here with some coworkers for a couple drinks. They boast a decent selection of beers, bottles and taps, with an ample assortment of NC offerings. From my visit, I couldn't tell if they still serve the food everyone is raving about (though, it was later in the evening).It's fairly small inside, with most seating at the bar. We didn't stay too long, but I got the impression this is a great hang out in the area. The staff that night was incredibly friendly and did a great job taking care of us. Certainly going to stop in again!
4	Nice cozy bar to chill watch multiple large screens & drink!!! The drinks specials are great & cheap!!! Atmosphere is laid back & people are friendly!! The service is great and NoDa 101 is in the center of NoDa!! Cool spot to chill...
4	This is a cool little spot to grab a few beers.  There is a decent draft selection with some local flair and pretty standard prices.  There are TVs set up all around the u-shaped bar so it's good for watching games.  There are also some round high top tables around so you can sit away from the bar as well.  For a pretty small place, they have a really good setup!  They also have a little space for live music.No food here.  I repeat, no food here.  Just booze.  So plan accordingly!
