5	Brad & Kat are at it again!  And they're back in my hood!  They have a new location at the Union at Biltmore right next to Stingray.  Check it out, they dogs are the best in Arizona!
5	If, when, how, the, what the! Who the heck. (Dramatic pause) Came up with this flavor driven tastebud amusement park for My belly!!!! Any way you try it. Any thing you place on it.  Your not going to regret it. Well if you eat too many in one sitting you might .,, uh yea just trust me on that. Great service. Friendly staff. Always smiling and working hard. They love to help you with fun pairings and recommendations! They have all kinds of dogs. (In slow mo) they have Chicken dogs, Beef dogs, Pork dogs, Veggie dogs, Shriners dogs, boiled shrimp wait not that last one..    They use Naan bread instead of buns (freakn amazing). Picasso had a brush they got NAAN!!! I've tried them all. Loved them all and lived to share my love with the world through means of verbal and social communication. How dare you not go here... You should be ashamed... Bad doggie! And I'm out!!!
5	I am so sad to see that short leash will only be temporarily in this location! The service is great and the food is even better. I do not eat beef or pork but their chicken and veggie dog are the best I've had! I would recommended one of those with the sunny option, sans the prosciutto. I hope they will consider staying longer!!
2	So maybe i'll catch a lot of flack because of my low star review for such a popular eatery, but I was not at all impressed with the food hype surrounding this place.at first i was super excited to see the veggie dog option and the multitude of toppings you can get on your hot dog. it sounded like a savory heaven! and i do mean everything! any kind of vegetable and/or cheese and/or traditional topping and even some not so traditional toppings. they serve salads and alcohol as well. service was super friendly and quick, so no complaints there. but it was just a veggie hot dog. like the kind i can buy in a pack at sprouts. the flavor came from the toppings so essentially i was eating a salad on top of a veggie dog. and although i'm not a hot dog fan, i especially don't care for hot dog buns. short leash replaced the bun with a giant pita bread. it's so much bread! you get full from the huge pita, not the filling itself. i was mostly disappointed because we tried some of their offerings at the Yelp Downtown event and were very impressed with what they had (fried green tomato!). maybe they have that at their brick and mortar store or the food truck but not at the pop up location. and 6.50 for a veggie dog just seems a bit too much.
3	Same tasty food, adorable atmosphere, but I think the server was a little overwhelmed.We ordered drinks, a salad and two veggie dogs.  The girl who took or order was really nice, but she seemed to be the only one there on Saturday night, aside from the cook.  She forgot the drinks until we got our hot dogs (and we reminded her), and the salad came well after the dogs.  It took a little while to get waters, as well.  Same tasty food as the brick n mortar and the food trucks.  The cafe itself is really cute, but the nice girl at the counter could definitely use some help!
3	Our server was great and the food came out fast, but I just don't think I'm the kind of girl who likes a hot dog on naan bread. Hot dog was good, ingredients were fresh, but I don't think I'll come back due to my own preferences.
4	This is the Short Leash in the Union at the Biltmore. I love this location because it really is the perfect place to grab an early 11 o'clock lunch and a dirty chai latte from Royal next door. Plus once you are done you can pop over to MAC and see what's new. I always do :) I've run into Brad a few times here and he's his usual, friendly, chipper self. There is nothing better than service with a smile!
5	Great hotdogs served creatively, this is a great place for a quick lunch, not too expensive, when hitting The Biltmore. Pleasant staff and the nearby shops make this a really good place they make their own donuts, which look delicious. While they don't offer coffee, there is a good cup available at the end of the passageway.
