3	The Native is pretty good. Good beer selection though it is mostly dominated by domestic light beers. The wings are legit. Try the honey hot and if you're feeling a little crazy...get the suicide wings! They'll light you up!!!Service is alright. Nothing too special here. They're a little expensive for what you get. For two of us at lunch, our bill was $32. Thats pretty steep for lunch.
5	Let me first say, I have never had anything here but wings and curly fries with cheese so I can't comment on anything else. The service is usually friendly, The fries and wings are the best bar food I have found. There is a large variety of sauces for the wings, and always lots of cheese on the fries! great bar food! the televisions always have the games on also which is a plus and you can always see several tv's from wherever you sit.
5	Okay I am not a sports fan at all and even though this restaurant caters to that crowd I still love it for one reason...their wings! This is by far my favorite place to get Buffalo wings, plus they have a bunch of different kinds to choose from! I have had a few other items on the menu like the Philly Cheese Steak Sandwich which was also very good, but nothing makes me happier than getting a dozen spicy honey mustard wings and some curly fries! Bonus points to the staff who are always friendly and efficient.
1	Dear nothin'-native about New York. You suck.Your pizza is gross and never thoroughly cooked (ie: the crust is doughy and thin), your chicken" strippers" are the size of a baby's thumb...(true story, I totally compared on a 6month old.)Oh.... and did I mention the servers have a terrible attitude, and everything and anything is over-priced.I ordered fried zucchini once (for 6 dollars) and I received 6 nickel-sized soggy things. Really? I could have gone to Carl's Jr's 4 times and been more satisfied, and I don't even like fast-food.Heed my warnings; this place is a total waste.The only thing that is vaugly redeeming is the trivia game system, however; Buffalo Wild Wings has the same thing and you wont feel robbed after leaving.
5	Wow, I've never met a more friendly hostess. I wonder if she was the owner. I needed a relatively quick lunch and had the a club sandwich. My partner and I were amazed at the attentiveness of the staff. I'll be back next time I am in the area!
3	Not the best native, but it isn't bad.  They have a nice sized menu and a decent beer selection.
4	This is one of our normal haunts for lunch when we're out running errands on a Saturday.  We always eat in the bar area to avoid the children.  The atmosphere in the bar area is dark and cozy with lots of TV screens to watch your favorite sports teams.  They have a variety of seating options, the bar, high-top tables, booths, and an outdoor patio.  The food is consistently good and they have a great selection of beer, including Guinness.  I've tried a variety of menu items and have never had a bad meal.  I love the Apple Walnut salad that includes pecans and strawberries as well.  My husband likes the Torpedo and Calzone.  The wait staff (Darby, Heather, and James) are always friendly and attentive.
3	I have been to this NNYr three times and each time has been a pleasant experience. Their wing selection is good and their "hot" sauce is probably our favorite compared to the other wing giants. Beer selection could be better and they need to get it on the menu because I would rather peruse it than hear the server rattle off 20 choices.We had the fried zucchini and spin dip for apps and both were excellent.Since switching to a plant based diet(I'll still eat meat): They don't have many vegetarian options other than salads, fried veggies, and a veggie calzone. I opted for the buffalo fish sliders, which were a crispy, tasty treat. I did have a bite of my wife's hot strippers and it was really good. My daughter and I each tried one of their suicide wings, which were a little hotter than "hot", but not by much. Service has been good to excellent each time I have gone - much better than BWW.
4	Previous experience has not been the best in the past, but I must say food, service, and price was awesome tonight!The 1/2 version of cookie is awesome  and is a MUST!
2	We've been here several times with our kids and grandkids.  It's a good family spot, but the service is just okay.  We love the fresh chips, and the wings are good.  Salads are 'meh'.  We'll come again because it's a good spot for the kids, but we'll come expecting not great service.
5	Love my Native!!! My favorite place to come for happy hour or to have a pint after a round of golf. The staff is super cool and so is the management. I've known some of the staff for years and some even longer than that from other Natives. They're the reason I frequent this place. Thanks everyone!
5	Excellent food and service. The pizza crust is the best around.
1	I really want to like this Native New Yorker as it is close to my house.  I have been to various locations around the Valley and generally enjoy the food and atmosphere.  This location though is woefully inconsistent in both food quality and service.Since this location has been open I have been disappointed that one week food quality is great but then the next time food is either under or over cooked.  Specifically the Chicken Wings, it's a roll of the dice wether your wings will be undercooked and slimy or overlooked and dry. The wait staff tells me this is one of the biggest complaints they get.  Unfortunately after years of complaints management can't seen to get it right.Look elsewhere if you want good quality Chicken Wings (Wingstop #1, Buffalo Wild Wings #2) or any other Native New Yorker.
5	This location always provides great food and service. They have specials on wings on Tuesday nights and they have $5 off coupons in the news papers which is great. The reuben sandwich was fantastic. Really full of meat and sauce. A nice change from wings which is what I usually have. Server was great. Always present and asking if we needed anything and got us drink refills quickly without having to be asked.
2	We like the food but our concerned about the "ToGo" area where you pick up your food. Very dingy an dirty. There is no sign on the  to go door. Inside this closet of a room, what was strange was there was a bucket of celery sitting behind the counter in water.  Paint is peeling and floor and baseboards are dirty. The bar staff is ok but can be slow at times especially at night.
2	Went there on a Friday around 4:00, it wasn't very busy.  I sat outside on the patio, the service was okay, the pizza was very good.  My complaint is this, the place was filthy!  Every table outside was dirty, and only one table was occupied.  It smelled of stale beer and cigarettes and the flies were so bad I actually had one land in my beer glass, so much for that beer!  I literally had to cover my pizza and my new glass of beer with napkins so that the flies wouldn't ruin my meal.  This is the time of year us "zonies" like to sit out and enjoy the outdoors.  If they would CLEAN the patio, it would probably solve the fly problem and make for a much nicer outdoors experience.  Until then, I will find someplace else to go, there are a lot of options in this neighborhood.
4	Good wings. Great happy hour. Pizzas hit or miss.
2	The wings were OK but certainly not worth the price we were charged. Their menu said you couild add a salad for $1.95 but when the bill came, we were charged $3.95. For 2 of us to eat wings, fries, an order of onion rings, 1 beer, 1 alcoholic beverage & 2 salads, it was over $50. A little too pricey for wings in my opinion.
3	Ordered to-go tonight.  I asked the guy if he could mix the suicide sauce and honey garlic sauce for me for the wings. He said that he could not do that.  I find this odd having worked at a restaurant before and this is something that is completely doable.  Furthermore, I have been to other native NY'ers and this was never a problem.  Basically, it just comes down to not really caring about pleasing the customer.  When I showed up, I got the impression that the place was disorganized.  I remember asking to get BC instead of ranch, so he walked back into the kitchen to get me that, but came out empty handed.  Then a minute later some other guy comes out with it.  Whatever system they have to keep the orders straight and what needs to come out next for their separate take out window seems to lack.
5	Always been happy with this one. Great chipswith blue cheese. great reubens too.
4	You know when you're feeling hungry and somebody mentions food, then all the sudden you have to have it? Wing night at Native, and the oh please look from my son and off we went. Tuesday night is 49 cent wing night, and it was worth it! We started the night with an appetizer, Asian flat bread, perfect starter, like a little Asian pizza. The same son of mine who gave the wing please look decided he wanted a bacon cheese burger, yes he got it, almost put him in a food coma! I stuck with the wings, unlike like some other places that make you order so many of one kind or another, Connor told me I could order one of each if I so chose to and they don't charge for ranch like other places either! I ordered 5 flavors, I enjoy a little variety, and he brought them all on seperate plates with their own ranch! My little girl asked for a cherry coke and since it wasn't on the menu Connor had one made up for her, that's good service, Connor you Rock! We had a great night and it didn't break this Mama's bank to do it! We'll definitely go back, those Spicy Honey Mustard, Honey Hot,Asian garlic, Mandarin Orange and oh yes and the Salt & Pepper wings are calling my name!
4	Awesome pizza, awesome atmosphere, great prices. This would be a five star if they would figure out when their specials are. I call in to find out because I forget when the 6.99 large pizza is and I am always told "not tonight". A couple of times we have went in anyway and sure enough they 6.99 large pizza was the first thing offered. All the employees should probably be on the same page with this as they are probably losing walk ins from the lack of communication. Outside of that, we will be back again and again and again.
2	This place has gone downhill over the past year or so.  I was really disappointed with the service and quality of the food.  I would rather go to BWW for good wings.  Waited forever for beer.  Used to be a great after work stop, now not so much.
3	Cant go wrong with the wings or pizza, but the flatbread pizza was amazing!
4	i've had a big issue with their tuesday night 'wing' night prices going up so now i just go whenever i want wings since they are basically the same price as the rest of the week and usually better then too. they added a new flavor of wings 'Salt and Vinegar'! i tried and i liked! then i had a hankering for dessert so i tried the Bacon Fried sundae...yes it is BACON and ice cream! maple syrup covered then deep fried, in a cup of french vanilla ice cream...YUM!
2	Food is so-so. Not family friendly.
3	This is a fall back location for Chicken Wings. I have always liked this location but I am finding myself searching for other options recently. Usually like Chicken Wings and Salads. Salads seem to be getting less enjoyable. And wings seem to be smothered in sauces lately.  It is not that I won't visit anymore.  There are two many locations in town not to go once in a while. But I am searching for a better go-to place for wings..
2	Ordered food to go. Was asked to exit the building and walk around to the back to order food to go. Found a really dingy small room with a cash register and cashier. Cashier was nice and food took about 20 minutes to get. We ordered wings and chicken alfredo. The chicken alfredo was very bland . Pizza huts is better tasting in my opinion. The wings were breaded and soggy/spongy. Very salty and  i not order again. I used to go to the native on dobson and guad and never had issues with the food. It is amazing how different they can be with different owners.
2	The food was not bad and the service was pretty good but they had the worst draft beer selection in the valley. If you are coming here for the booze and karaoke do yourself and go somewhere else. The beer selection is seriously lacking compared  to the surrounding bars/restaurants.
1	Tried a pickup of some food other than pizza n wings... Philly Steak Sandwich and Club Sandwich, It was HORRIBLE looks and tastes like it was made yesterday. Old hard bread, old yesterday's bacon and fries that had been under the heater also since yesterday. $20 bucks now in the garbage can..and still hungry! Won't b back.
4	I don't think I have ever been to a Native New Yorker before. I have seen them everywhere but never actually went inside. Definitely never been to this neck of the woods.My girlfriend wanted to meet on her side of town and said this place had great wings. How could I turn it down. Good thing I was a little early because I accidentally walked into a different New York place and didn't realize it until after I had checked in, was seated and looking at the menu. Oops. Quick exit and over to the correct New York place on the other side of the same parking lot.I was seating right away and started looking at the menu. There was a pretty big wing selection. Now I am definitely in the right place. My girlfriend arrived and we ordered some loaded French fries and a dozen wings each. She got all medium and I got half medium and half honey bbq.The food came out pretty quick. The fries were really good. Lots of cheese and bacon. We ordered some ranch on the side for dipping. Nice a crisp fries. Very good. Now to try these famous wings. They were really good. Coated in sauce. Both favors were very good. Just the right amount of kick to the medium and the sweet bbq taste was a good switch. Lots of meat on the wings too. Cooked just right. Sure it was messy but that is the point.I will definitely be coming back here. I don't know if I can get by the wings and try other things on the menu but we will see. They get bonus points for having Kilt Lifter on tap.
1	I AM A NATIVE NEW YORKER...and I think this place should be ASHAMED of themselves! Got pizza and traditional wings...total crap!  WHO BREADS THEIR WINGS???!!  S.T.O.P.!  Got them "hot"...bluck. Pizza was cardboard.  They need to change their name, cuz they're a disgrace to New York quality pizza and wings.
5	The main reason I give 5 stars is for the wings. They have so many flavors and I have tried them all because they don't mind bringing you a single wing all by itself! It's awesome. I love the strawberry hot, and the honey mustard is nice too. Not to keen on the Asian flavors though, they basically taste like soy sauce. I like to get the medium with side of hot sauce. The wings are always so nice as crisp. The warm bacon salad is good too, and you can't go wrong with cheese fries (if they are not on the menu just ask for it). I go here to see the game when it is not on regular cable (Go Bears!) and they will try their best to put you where you can see the game you want. I like the atmosphere here because I can take my wife without her feeling like it is some sporty pick-up joint. Nice place to bring the family.
4	Love, Love , Love the wings.  Had a burger there long ago and didn't care for it so never went back.  Heard the wings there were great to went for the wings and go every chance we get.  My husband loves them.  We always get extra so we can have some for lunch the next day.  Great variety, but I just like asseago parmesan and medium cause I'm kind of a wimp but my husband says the honey hot and mandarin ones are great.  Their pizza looks good, too but have never tried it cause I loooove the wings. If you want a good burger, go to a burger joint, but if you want some kick a$$ wings, this is the place.
4	I am a Native New Yorker (Buffalo, NY) and was pleased to see a true Buffalo original, Beef on Weck.  This a very simple sandwich to make, I was very skeptical at first, but I ate and was not disappointed.  You can order a beef like sandwich anywhere, however when combined with a salted kummelweck roll stacked with slow roasted beef and dipped in aujus, its a sandwich of pure manliness that goes with any beer.  In AZ, this sandwich is the closest thing I'll get to tailgating at the Ralph on a cool fall day without actually being there.  I also ordered wings and I thought the wing itself was good but the Medium sauce was too bitter and left a tangy aftertaste.  Medium sauce for chicken wings should not taste like this, they did apply the proper amount to the wing which is a plus.  Why is this important?  Too much sauce makes sloppy eating, but its your preference in the end.  One thing I really did like was the multiple sauce options for wings, theres something for everyone.  Service was fair, relatively quick and friendly, nothing out of the ordinary.  Nice TV's and environment for casual food.  Final note, this a good establishment for corporate wings.  The prices are fair and I love that they offer various style wing specials M-W depending on the day.  Not too many establishments do this.  Don't believe me, check out Buffalo Wild Wings and their prices.  Compared hand down, Native New Yorker is the best.  Because I am from NY, I cannot in good faith give Native New Yorker 5 stars, I wish I could give it 4.5 stars, the .5 star is the beef on weck, try it, you'll love it.
5	I've been going to native new yorker for 30 years.  Although the wings used to be better back in the day, this place still has excellent wings.
3	Service was good, Food Fair, price is good. Nothing really caught me and made me say yeah I want to come back here. I can get wings I can get pizza I can get sandwiches at a lot of other places too. Nothing stood out.
2	I hate to give bad reviews, but I just can't seem to have an enjoyable experience at this place.  Great spot to stop for a quick beer, but other than that the food isn't good, the service is very sub par, and the bar area is to small and crowded. Some renovations might do this place some justice.
4	WING NIGHT ~ Wahoo!!! I did not used to be much of a wing fan, however that has changed over the last couple years. Now I very much enjoy good wings. Native New Yorker has a great Salt and Pepper dry rub that I am obsessed with. The wings are good sized, crispy, flavorful and not greasy (or) to messy. There is a hint of garlic on the Salt and Pepper wings that makes them just that much better. If you go for Tuesday night .35 cent wings just be prepared to wait for a table, it gets a little crazy trying to find a place to sit. But for the price and the quality it is worth it! (Their Medium sauce is good, it has a little kick but it does not burn your mouth. So if you like sauce on your wings but don't like to sweat then go with the medium.)
4	Wings are always consistent and delicious. Service is above average. Prices are typical for a bar/wing/pizza joint. Good atmosphere. Love the Asiago Parmesean dusted wings and the Medium is darn near perfect.
1	Worst/no customer service. Went to the bar area since it was only me dining alone. Allthe bar seats were taken so i found a table right near the bar and was waited on one time during 45 minutes. All the while no other server asked if I needed anything and the girl that served me initially walked by many times without acknowledging me. Every server that walked by did the same. Mind you I'm right by the bar. They had plenty of time and opportunities to ask if I'd like to see a menu. NOTHING. No eye contact no smile no service. I've been in there many times before and this by far has changed my opinion of this establishment. Normally they have average to decent customer service. Even the  manager was there (I'm guessing by the different red colored polo shirt). The regular customers (the ones at the bar who were called by name by the employees) had no trouble getting service. Very displeased with Native. Definetly lacking in the customer service department.
5	Kayla S did it again! She is an amazing server. She is a joy to talk to. She always knows what we want. She is very attentive. We order our wing a certain way, and she just knows before we say it. Go Kayla!!
1	Oh the service there was just woefully sad...  I'm not sure how hard it could have been to make a meal.  My husband' s and kids meals came out on time.  He ordered a billion different flavors of wings, which all came out on individual plates per wing flavor, so the servers placed them on the neighboring table.  So as he was eating someone came by started moving his buffet of wing plates back on to our table and consolidating his food onto the plates because "there's a party of 13 and they need the tables!!!!" It was mayhem over the large party.  And it's just not cool to bug a man eating wings.  And no one seemed to notice that I didn't get my meal.  By the time we were ready to go, because my boys couldn't take it any longer and were crawling the walls, they finally delivered my meal in a to go box.  Since it was boxed up, I didn't notice that they had given me a children's meal I think?  I ordered the sliders, which is 3 little burgers and fries.  I got 2 burgers on burned rolls, and a tiny little portion of fries, just like my 4 year old son.  It's fine, they had already comped my meal, and our kids' meals too as a courtesy because it took so long to bring it, but I wouldn't go back here for anything.  I stopped at In n Out on the way home. The bathrooms were sparkling clean though, and everyone was very friendly.
1	Did not like this location, loaded fries came out cold, cheese barely melted, honey barbecue boneless wings were bland at best, desert was ok. Not sure if the other locations are better, I will NOT be back to this location.
3	The service is normally pretty good. Sometimes it takes longer than it should to get your food. Tuesdays are great for wings as they are just 35 cents per wing. I like sitting in the bar better but it's 21 and over at all times so we have to sit in the dining room if the kids are with us. Overall, it's a pretty good place for bar food and beer.
1	I love hot wings, and these ones are amazing if you like them tiny and overcooked.  I'm beside myself with how awful the service was. The server dropped my large beer on top of another large beer, and the two glasses shattered, and beer and glass exploded all over us. It was a huge mess, we all got a beer/glass shower, and my phone was completely submerged in a beer puddle. We had 11 people and kids, and had to clean up ourselves and the glass, which was everywhere. The staff didn't move us to a clean table or offer to put in our food order in a timely manner. When we finished and the server brought the check, he didn't offer anything (a discount, free dessert, etc.; I waited tables for years and it's nothing for a restaurant to give freebies and make customers happy so they'll come back again) to make sure we didn't leave unhappy. I spoke to the manager, who seemed to care more about showing off her tattoo sleeves than happy customers. Ugh. I'd give this place negative stars if I could, for the sub-quality food, awful service, the manager's inability to correct a bad situation (we aren't impossible customers), and having to pull shards of glass out of everything while we ate. I can't wait to never go back here!
1	I grew up eating native new yorker wings, but this location is simply not living up to the native new yorker tradition. The food and the service are not good, in fact they are poor. It is clear nobody including, but not limited to management cares or have the proper training to execute what should be simple bar food or common knowledge customer service skills. After over an hour I left hungry . Do not eat here unless you like tasteless food, soggy wings and poor service. I was still hungry so I went to IN AND OUT.
1	We went to Native New Yorker tonight and two people myself and our guest ordered the bbq pork sliders. He ate two of his and I also ate two of mine and brought the rest home.  About two hours later my guest decided to finish off the sliders and while eating realized that there was mold on the pretzel buns.  We have never had an issue with food at this location but will now be very wary of eating there.  It turned my stomach to think I ate a moldy sandwich.
2	The place had a foul smell coming from the kitchen. (really bad), The waitress was great, but I couldn't get past the stench. The same chain on power rd is a much better choice
5	Great wings, but best to hit specials like Sunday and Tuesday to save some $$! Awesome Asian Garlic, the flavor is right On!!
5	We had the house special pizza and the meaty beast pizza along with salt and vinegar, ancho chili lime, Asian garlic, and medium wings. Everything was really great. We enjoyed the food and drinks. The service was excellent. I will definitely be back.
5	This native is a convenient location for myself! We have had nothing but great service at this location! The wings are extraordinary, just wish they ran wing specials all weekend just not Sunday!
3	We've been here a handful of times. Service is good. Sometimes the waiting period for the food is a little long, other times fast. Food is good. Staff is friendly. Over all it's good.
