5	Amazing Creole food- Incredibly attentive service. When serving there are just as many waiters as there are diners and in an elegant ballet, all plates are placed on the table in front of their respective orderee. Further, after just one meal- you become a regular.The finest Southern Hospitality in Southern Nevada. They have since taken their creme brule ( on a dinner plate as to maxiimize the crust) off the desert menu but I think if enough of us yelps demand it- she may return
5	An exquisite dining experience in the heart of the Strip at the Aladdin Hotel Desert Passage.  I started with the Commander's Salad, which was awesome, then moved into the Creole Seasoned Filet, awesome, and finally the bananas foster, uh...awesome.  My colleagues had the creme brulee, which looked truly amazing, and the bread pudding. Service was personal and impeccable.  I would never have gone to this lavish place had it not been a business trip "perk", but it was a memorable extravagance.
4	Great creole food and incredible soups. Lunch, dinner, whenever. This place is solid.
5	By far the most unique dining expirience I've had in the US!!!!!!!!   I wasn't sure what to make of the menu when my boyfriend made the reservations...turtle soup???  alligator???  .....but I was plesantly suprised at the food, incredible selection and first-rate service.  The decor is classy, and most people dressed fairly nicely.  A family or two, but by in large an all adult crowd. Our waiter was informative and fun without being overbearing.  He even brought us tasters of the turtle soup because we were both anxious, but hesitant, to try it.  I started with the gumbo- spicey, and rich!  Definatley try it but beware that it's very filling.  My date started with the alligator.  Tender and delicious- breaded, a bit like calamari.  Entrees  were beautifully presented and flavorful. I ordered the crab cakes- divine!!!!!!  Unlike other places, the crab cakes here are HUGE and ALL CRAB.  They are 96% crab and the rest a bit of veggie compot to hold them together. No breading/fying gets in the way of the fresh, delectable crab meat.  My only mistake was ordering the entree portion (2)... one was PLENTY.  Dessert -their specialty bread pudding souflee and chicory coffee- was outstanding!  To top off the expirience, you can take a candy praline on the way out.  Highly recommended!Update:  Sad, but true, CP has temporarily closed it's doors because it is moving from the Aladdin/Planet Hollywood to another location on the strip. I have emailed however, and they assure me they will be open soon!!! I'm boycotting Vegas until they re-open.
5	TOTALLY recommend it!!! Fantastic ambience, Extra fun on a Sunday morning as they have a live jazz band playing for their brunch. Food is creole and AWSOME. Definitely have to try their "1-1-1". Three cappacino cups of their soups. UBER delicious!!!! Their shrimp and popcorn rice dish was absolutely lovely and their dessert was *heart* fantastical. MUST try!!!That meal in itself was phenomenal... there was so much food that my hunnie and I pretty much were comatosed for the rest of the day.
5	A LV  branch of New Orleans famous Brennan Family owned restaurant of the same name.  IMPECCABLE service!Order some drinks, Order the bread pudding souffle for later and check out the menu.How many times do you get to have Turtle Soup? You might as well get the sampler and give all the soups a try. The fish was beyond good, it was melt in your mouth divine. The seafood jambalaya was packed full of fishies and crustaceans and not a single one of them was over cooked.Best service, you didn't feel neglected, the waiter served en mass at once, and there were no stupid or ridiculous questions. The bread pudding souffle, is worth that wait. Rich and delicious yet very light, and excellent job!My friend still falls into a Pavlovian state of ecstasy and drool when you mention this place.
5	A model for service in a restaurant.  I don't know if outstanding is strong enough a word to convey the level of service we experienced.  When the food comes out, a waiter for each person brings the food so the plate is presented in front of each person at exactly the same time.  Each waiter has an assistant that picks up the slack when the main waiter is busy so no table is ever neglected, making sure drinks are flowing and the courses are coming.  The beautiful thing about all of the service (including who I presume to be a manager walking through while a friend was in the restroom, taking the napkin that was on her chair, getting a new napkin and putting it on her lap the second she returned) was that it was not pretentious at all.  While this is a very nice, beautiful restaurant with excellent food (I'll get to that part), the service is friendly and comfortable.  Things get a lot more comfortable with an old-fashioned cocktail, like a mint julep.  Or two.  Yum.There was a lot of sampling at the table so I was able to try the turtle soup and the gumbo du jour (which happened to be made with alligator sausage).  Both were excellent soups, I relished every bite.  The main course was rack of wild boar.  Oh yes, wild boar.  I've never had it before, but it was similar in color and texture to pork.  It was cooked beautifully and paired nicely with the bits of baked apple and red peppercorns that were so sweet in initial taste I didn't even recognize the pepper-taste and asked the waiter to ask the chef what the berries were.  Even the mashed potatoes were fantastic and not your average mash.  Other items at the table were the lump crab cake (holy plentiful crab meat), a seafood barbeque, and some shrimp stuffed with ham and glazed with a sweet sauce that were outstanding.  Dessert was the classic bread pudding with whiskey sauce and beignets with a coffee sauce on the side.  Both were very good.  The only unfortunate thing is that I won't be back for a while, and the reviews stop at 5-stars.  This is the first place I've reviewed that I feel needs more than 5 (yes, even more than darling AOC in Los Angeles).
5	If I have to choose one place to dine in Las Vegas, I think this is it.  And, there are a lot of great places to go in Vegas.I love the soup 1-1-1 (turtle soup!), and the unique style of entrees.  I've never been to New Orleans myself, but I have to say I approve of their cuisine.  The wine list was just stunning.  I went with a friend who had won a ton that trip, and so we got a little 'wine happy' with some spendy bottles.  The service was truly excellent.We felt a little underdressed, but they weren't snooty about it.  I would recommend dressing up a bit though.Everybody was really happy with their selections of food, whether fish or beef.If you can't make it for dinner, then go for brunch.  A serious indulgence is going for the beignets.  Mmmm...drool...On my cell phone I have one phone number with a Las Vegas area code, and this Restaurant is it!!!!
5	After reading all the rave reviews on yelp (thanks to everyone), we had to go to Commander's this past weekend.In a word...wow. Let's just put it this way. It's never a bad sign when both parties sitting adjacent to you enjoyed both lunch AND dinner here the previous day, especially considering all the outstanding restaurants close by. The elder couple in the room had been visiting the original New Orleans establishment faithfully for 29 years and seemed to love this Vegas location all the same. When you're around folks enjoying 25 cent (!) martinis, it seems everyone is bound to have a great time. The service at Commander's Palace is impeccable. The front and back of the house literally did not miss a step, timing the presentation of the dishes perfectly. Our waiter was excellent...attentive but unobtrusive and just a really friendly guy. And the food? We enjoyed the $18.80 prix fixe lunch menu (an absolute steal)-between the two of us we sampled the twice baked potato and smoked salmon salad, red pepper bisque, pecan crusted catfish, red beans and andouille sausage with popcorn rice, white chocolate cake, and the classic Bananas Foster. Starting off the meal we also ordered the Turtle Soup Au Sherry from the a la carte menu. Not that it needs to be repeated, but this was sublime. The splash of sherry delivered after the soup is poured compliments the dish perfectly. This is a can't-miss in my book. Next time I'm back in the desert I'll definitely try more from the a la carte menu too.
5	I ended up going to this place with a friend who is a food writer. We were not there incognito, so we ended up getting the royal treatment. The meal was fantastic, and we ordered the recommended wine pairing for each course. We also ordered our desserts up front and they were prepared while we enjoyed the savory portion of the meal.Everything was fantastic. Although, fortunately, I cannot tell you what the bill came to, I'm pretty sure I'd splurge for the opportunity to visit again.
5	The food here was amazing. I was lured in by the offer of turtle soup and gumbo made with crocodile meat.  Where else would I be able to try something like this?!  And they did not disappoint.  SO full of flavor and the good ol' Southern spices.  Crocodile meat is unlike anything I've ever had! Not chewy like beef - almost crumbles in your mouth when you bite into it but not in a stale or gross kind of way.  The sweet potato soup was sooo tasty. So smooth, rich, and full of flavor - the ultimate comfort food.  And the bananas foster and bread pudding souffle are MUST-HAVES for dessert.  The egg white topping of the souffle just MELTS in your mouth.The ambiance was very nice, very reasonable prices for the quality and amount of food, and service was friendly (although they got some of our soups mixed up and forgot to bring out one of our drinks, despite the fact that there weren't many other people there b/c we got there in the middle of the afternoon).   25 cent martinis are a steal, although they run on the very strong side.We ate so well there, we skipped dinner altogether that day b/c the portions were so generous and soo good.  Highly recommended!
5	Thanks to the reviews of other Yelpers, I spent a night in Vegas, and this place made it the BEST trip ever. Commander's Palace is everything you could imagine. Yes, it is on the pricey range--the really pricey range, but it is worth every penny of the splurge. Even if you come in wearing jeans, they still treat you like royalty. The waiters are not stuffy and arrogant despite the formal dining decor. And there are still a few ways to maximize your dollars. Most importantly, it was the best meal I have ever had in Vegas. When my sister and I went for dinner, we were both wearing black dresses. Immediately, the waiter took away the standard white lap napkins, and placed black ones on our laps--so we wouldn't get any white lint on our dresses. *WOAH* We were then asked if we had any shows we were trying to get to, and they said they would do their best to get us in and out to catch our show. *SWOON* There really is a server for each person, and they also synchronized the placing of the food in front of you. We had an awesome French server, David, who was very nice, informative, and funny. He cracked great jokes and made great food suggestions. Our other wine/beverage server was also REALLY HOT!NOW...the important part. The food. Selecting off the menu was probably the hardest thing I did in Vegas--it all sounded good. My sister and I decided to share everything, and we selected the perfect amount of food to share between two lovely ladies. We started with the Gumbo Soup and the Turtle Soup, both were excellent. The Gumbo was perfection and the Turtle soup was really rich and sophisticated tasting. I thought it was gamey but then it wasn't--it was just super complex tasting. We then shared the Commander's Salad, which the kitchen split onto two plates for us even though we did not ask. The salad was perfect with the Pinot Grigio that I got--I forgot the name though. The we shared the crab cakes, which came out on two separate plates. Thank goodness we shared and had one each because-I've never seen cakes like these. Each cake was a two inch hockey puck of solid crab. No bread, no filling, no frying. It was ALL crab. They also topped it with some greenery on top which was quite a nice addition to the cakes. And quite unexpectedly, the crab pinchers which was suppose to be garnish still had meat in them. *YUM!* Finally, we had the Bread Puddng Souffle for dessert. It was so good--so good I still have dreams about it. It came out of the oven beautifully golden and fluffy, and I started drooling. Then the waiter pierced the fluffy baked meringue top and the entire thing slowly collapsed onto itself. He then drizzled a whiskey cream sauce onto the dessert. It was good so good. I think I would have liked to have a coffee with it, but we just didn't have time. The whole meal was perfect. It also included fabulous house bread + garlic butter which was great--we ate about 1.45 loaves (wooohoo bread refills). Because my sister and I stayed at the Aladdin (soon to be Planet Hollywood Hotels), we also had a free glass of wine each; I had a white and she had a red. The total was $87.00 (including tax but not tip). I will DEFINITELY go back. It was so worth it. If you're going big in Vegas--you might as well go big here where you can't lose. My tips: If you stay at the Aladdin Hotel, the meal at the Commander's Palace comes with a free glass of wine each. Aladdin may also have promotions, like when we went, that gave hotel stayers a coupon that offers $25.00 off at any Desert Passage store or restaurant (Commander's Palace included). Desert Passage is the shopping area inside Aladdin where the Commander's Palace is located; it is a nice pace without too many crowds. Also, if you go to the Desert Passage customer service desk, you can get a book of coupons for the shops which includes one for the Commander's Palace. The coupon is for one free Bananas Foster dessert with the purchase of two entrees at the Commanders Palace. I hear this dessert is almost as sought after as the Bread Pudding. Don't forget to make reservations ahead of time! Try to eat earlier when the restaurant first opens to avoid  crowds. Either way though, you'll still get great service.
4	Commander's Palace in Las Vegas is offering several lunch deal which is worth checking out. There's the 25 cents martini, a 3 course pri-fix lunch for $18.80 and another 3 course pri-fix called creole lunch.I ordered the creole lunch, which comes with turtle soup, pecan crusted cat fish and bread pudding souffle. The turtle soup is quite complex, and right before serving, a little sherry is drizzle on the soup to further heighten the taste.  Quite good, but not dazzling.The catfish is nicely fried, topped with a bitter green salad. The fish is cooked perfectly with a almost crispy crust and fork tender flesh. However, being catfish, one cannot escape the muddy taste.The breadpudding souffle is breadpudding in a cup topped with a airy souffle on top. The souffle part of the dish is very light and very good. I am not a big fan of bread pudding, and this is definitely a little too sweet and too heavy for me.Overall food is good, but did not dazzle me enough to live up to Commander's Palace's reputation.The 25cents martini is the best deal on the strip!Service is very professional. We have 1 baby and 1 infant in the party and they are very accomodating. An extra star for that.
5	I've tried a lot of high end places in Vegas (two trips there recently), and most are disappointing.  There's something fake about a name chef place where the chef is absent.  It's that love thing again.  No love in the cooking means no love of the experience.  So what's good in Vegas.  Commander's Palace is what.   For lunch.  25 cent martinis at lunch.  As my BF says, one can't ignore a 25 cent martini.  Gumbo?  Terrific.  Other food?  Pretty good.  It gets the five stars because of the martinis and the gumbo, and the beignets with the chocolate cafe au lait sauce.   That, plus one prix fixe lunch special (with options straight out of New Orleans), pretty much equals the perfect lunch for two people.  Add in the jazz band, and, well, it's five stars.  Killer.
5	This place is off the hook! I wanted to try a little bit of everything so I had the Soups 1-1-1 which offered 3 different types of soups. Gumbo, Turtle and Soup du Jour The turtle soup and Gumbo was fabulous, I wasn't feeling much for this Soup Du Jour, it had vanilla flavor which I was more used to having in deserts, it wasn't bad though. Their Louisiana Pecan Crusted Fish was delicious. I hardly ever get fish done correctly, but this place did it to a perfection. I also tried the Braised Buffalo Short Ribs which isn't all that. I'll definitely be back!
5	to bad its closed, maybe it will re-open in the venetian, I dont think they will keep the 25 cent martinis, will keep u updated.
5	I have dined at Commander's Palace twice and had a great time both times. The food is great and the service is perfect- unparalled by any restaurant I have ever eaten at in LA or Vegas. The more recent time I dined at Commander's Palace I went with my whole family and we ordered a lunch special, only about $20 per person with soup, salad, and an entree. Drinks were complimentary. I had a pecan-crusted catfish dish, which I found was excellent and not overdone. I also had their Turtle soup and alligator sausage which both pleasantly surprised me. The atmosphere here is amazing. This is one of the most beautiful restaurants I have ever been to- it is classically decorated inside and very lavish. The service was amazing as well. The servers are all extremely knowledgable about every dish and will offer you a tour of the kitchen. They are very kind as well. All courses are all brought out simultaenously with a line of waiters surrounding your table and setting them down. This is the best dining experience I had in Vegas, and for the price I would highly recommend it to anyone.
4	CLOSED.  Commander's Palace is currently closed, trying to find a new location. Let's hope it reopens soon.
1	CLOSED?  Well that gets a 1 star. Maybe with enough low ratings it will move out of the #1 spot....
5	Perfect place -- if that is possible.  It's a shame that it's closed.  I've been to both locations (New Orleans).  The service and food are impecable.  No other restaurant can compare to the level of detail and service.  When I was in Vegas three years ago, it was voted best american restaurant on the strip.  That says a lot about the level and quality.
