4	we were late, 50 minutes to eat before closing. We shared a huge thin crust combo pizaa, finished off with a fine expresso, Great venue and food. especially during the day on the pavement
5	I'm beginning to lose count of how many times I have walked past Made in Italy on a sunny day in Edinburghs Grass Market and thought 'Wow, that looks like a great place to go to'.Thats because on those rare Scottish sunny days, I would forgive you for thinking you were actually in Italy - or at least thats how it felt as soon as we took the plunge and grabbed on of the quickly filling seats outside Made in Italy.From the moment we sat down, we felt as though we were in authentic Italy - a real Italian waitress who was impossibly charming greated us and took our orders. The food was fantastic - my pizza not only being square, but thin and crispy with a delicious topping of mozzarella and vine tomatoes - yum!The coffee we then moved onto - we were reliably informed - was award winning, what ever that means - but it did taste damn good.Overall, the experience was of like a small slice of Italy being placed in Edinburgh - and the weather brought with it.
3	Grassmarket is full of great little shops, boutiques and places to eat.  One of these is Made in Italy, which looks onto the small square in the centre of the area.  In a city that is full of Italian eateries of various kinds, it can be hard to stand out from the crowd.  So here goes with my verdict of Made in Italy.Like Jonathan, I had walked past this place a few times before going into it.  I went in for lunch, and sampled one of their pizzas.  It was a pretty good pizza, all told, and the Grassmarket relaxed ambience merely added to the feeling of enjoyment.  Whilst it maybe doesn't compare to a Zizzi or Pizza Express, it was still very good for what it was.  I would be prepared to go back here if I was in the area; it's perhaps not the sort of place I would travel a distance to eat at.
2	Urgh, went there for a quick dinner, having read decent reviews here but despite fairly good service, the food was really not great.  I had pasta in a weak, watery tomato based sauce, my company had a fairly average lasagne.  On the plus side this place was fairly cheap but, as with most things, you get what you pay for.Try Gusto on George Street for a superior (an more expensive!) Italian experience.
1	One star for the service, rude, pushy and asked us the pay within moments of delivering food and getting the order wrong. Food is good, but not good enough to make up for the attitude.
4	The food here is excellent, but it struggles sometimes when it gets busy. Normally you don't have to wait too long, but the last time I went in (during the festival) it was absolutely rammed, and it was quite a long wait for the food. To be fair this is because with the pizzas the dough is made fresh so takes a bit of time, but if you're in a rush then it'll be tight. The food is excellent, I had a pizza with king prawns, garlic, onion and sun-dried tomatoes and my friend had basically every meat you could imagine. His was amazing and mine was really good, but I was a bit disappointed by the lack of prawns (only 6 on a 12 inch pizza). They have a range of pizzas and pastas and a create your own pizza option all at good prices. The service is efficient and friendly and it's generally a really good eating experience.
3	Me and Italian Food go way back. Pasta, pizza, med-veg, olive oil, balsamic vinegar. I adore it. So a cafe called "Made in Italy" should be right up my street. It's perhaps my pre-conceived notion, but rather than the dark wooded, rickety, charm-filled cafe I expected, it's more like a large diner with metallic and black/white furnishings. Nothing wrong with that, just not what I think of when I think of Italy.I only had a capuccino, and had actually specifically sought the place out as I was told it served one of the best capuccino's in Edinburgh. It was quite nice, and they did have skimmed milk available which is always good, but I wouldn't write home about it. They did have some exciting looking coffees on the menu though that seemed very Italian and sweet and decadent. I must go back to try those.The food looked quite nice although not the healthiest... But I'm on a health-kick just now so shouldn't judge based on that. It just looked rather doughy and heavy and oily, rather than fresh. But I guess that fills a purpose, and it did look quite authentic to the sort of food you'd find in toursity areas of Rome.To be honest I can't see myself stopping by here everytime I'm in the mood for coffee. It lacked the cafe charm I like (but maybe that's the Brit in me?) The outdoor seating area in the Grassmarket will be greatly utlisied come the sunny spring days though, oh yes.
3	The food was okay, service was almost non existent but the prices can't be beat!The pizzas didn't look good so I went for the veggie calzone - wasn't so bad. They do have outdoor seating. It can get a bit chaotic siting inside.
3	It was ok for a reasonably priced dinner - we had a selection of panini, pizza, and soup. Everything was good, nothing was terribly special. The carrot and coriander soup got the best reviews. However, it was quiet, the service was nice, and it was warm and toasty inside. I'm sure there is better food at Grassmarket, but everything was so crowded that it was hard to find a place to sit.
4	Een ongecompliceerd tentje. Lekkere salade gehad. Prima en niet te duur. Aardige bediening.
