5	Spencer Team has never hesitated to give my Husband and I good real estate advice! From buying a house, to listing our own - this Husband and Wife team makes me feel confident in the choices I make and will make in the future. They are very well versed in Las Vegas real estate practices, and gave personalized, convenient service by bringing everything to me - which was especially helpful because I know absolutely nothing about real estate in the first place!Thank you Spencer Team!
5	Lily worked diligently with my wife and I and  kept a close eye on the Las Vegas market for us while we were preparing to move out from D.C.Once we arrived here in Las Vegas she consistently made herself available on our schedule and managed to locate a perfect home for us in a matter of weeks.I should mention that both my wife and I are extremely 'picky' home shoppers and rather hyper A-type retired senior government folks, but Lily managed to keep us relaxed and help us work through some differences in home preferences and find us a place we were both pleased with. Kudos for a great job and two extremely satisfied clients!
5	Lily is very knowledgeable and helped us find the perfect home for My husband and I along with our two young children. Everyone she works with is very efficient and gets the job done. Not only did we find the perfect home but we learned so much in the process about real estate. And the best part is the convenience...she brought things to us which was awesome since we don't have the flexibility to leave the house with 2 kiddos under 2! Thanks Lily.
5	After both my elderly folks ended up in hospitals within weeks of each other, and subsequently had to be moved into an assisted living facility, we had no choice but to sell their home of twenty-one years. We knew this would be a daunting task because we live across the country from my parents. We needed an agent who was both willing and capable to accomplish the sale of their home in our absence. While in town to handle other affairs for our parents, we interviewed several agents. We chose Lily based on her knowledge of the market place, her sincerity, and her promise to handle all aspects of the sale so that we would not have to fly in to address any issues. Lily absolutely did what she promised to do and then some! She was there at the house to oversee and check the results of the house and carpet cleaning crews, repairs made by a plumber, whom she recommended (and did an great job at an excellent price), and Lily stayed in constant communication to update us on any and all details during the process of the marketing, showing, and selling of the house. Because of Lily's expert handling, the whole process for us was stress free. After being on the market for about 40 days, the house is now in escrow. We gave Lily a 5 star rating, but she deserves a 10 star rating! We could not have found a more perfect agent to handle the sale of my parents house. Thank you, thank you, Lily! If looking for a realtor to handle your real estate needs, you would do well to give Lily a call.
