5	We have used Shane Worsnup several times for plumbing needs.  Most recently having a new sewer line installed.  He is WONDERFUL.  Very professional and knowledgable.  His cost was less than half that of the commercialized competitors.  He also was honest enough to tell us that we didn't need to replace the portion of pipe that George Brazil insisted we needed.  Saving us over $5,000.  The work was done quickly and professionally.  I would gladly recommend his services to anyone.  Well done, thanks Shane!
5	Hands down, best experience I have had on yelp! Called shane friday night and he was at my house ready to go saturday morning! He was able ro do it for thequoted price with no bs, he was quick and all around just a nice guy! I will definitely be using him again for any other plumbing needs I may have!
5	Go ahead and flush the contact info for any other plumbers you have down the toilet.  We live in an older home in Phx, and had problems with our drains.  Called several different local companies to diagnose the problem.  These companies are the ones you would see advertised on tv, radio, etc. Turns out we would need to replace the sewer line in our backyard, a major project. (digging a 75 ft trench up to 6ft deep and replacing the pipe) I called Shane after finding him on Yelp, and he came out to take a look at our property the same day.  He was courteous and professional, and has a wealth of knowledge about the area and common problems people encounter out here.  He completed the job in less than 2 days, in one of the hottest months of the year.  Very impressed with the quality of work and efficiency of Shane and his crew.  Oh, and the price was less than half the cost of other quotes we received for this job.  Trustworthy, dependable, professional, quality.  What else do you need?
5	I called Shane to replace some copper pipe that I unfortunately hit while working on the bathroom (amateur mistake, I know). I thought I would have to schedule some time for the next day to get it fixed. I called, talked to Shane, and he said he could meet me in 45 minutes. He showed up, fixed the pipe and got me up and running again. Great service, great guy. I highly recommend!
5	Great company  shane is fair honest hands on. I would  highly recommend  him & his company  to every one thx cb
