5	My alma mater...my home course.  Karsten golf course at ASU is classic Pete Dye.  Large swails, pot bunkers, #16 par 3 that flirts water.  I put a 4 iron from 220 2" from teh cup...big woop...I did it in a dust storm!!!! -- ask StoizzoF about that one.  The best thing about this course is that students get to play for cheap.  The clubhouse was designed by local architect Eddie Jones and compliments the golf course perfectly.  Dye did a great job in hiding the not so fantastic sights aroudn teh golf course but over the years I got used to the power plant, power lines, and ghetto east side along McClintock.  If your on vacation you need to play the course in whcih Phil Mick perfected his game and if you're a student you need to play this course.  Devils, Devils, Devils!!!
5	I played this course several times weekly for three years in college and never ran out of money and never got bored with the course. You can see a lot of Pete Dye in this course - railroad ties, swails that are impossible to play from, so on and so forth. A very good challenge (It plays to a 73.8/131) with a shorter, narrower front nine and a relentlessly long back nine that finishes with four of the most difficult holes you will ever play. The signature hole is #16, a 248 yard par three with a forced carry over water to the green. The hole itself snakes to the right with water right and short, and the prevailing wind fights the fade you will want to hit. In 300+ tries, I've only ever birdied this hole once.The staff is great. Always friendly and very nice to students like myself. The price is great for students, not sure about everyone else though. I've been to the restaurant only a few times, but the food was good and I would definitely go back occasionally if I still lived there.Oh, how I wish I was back in college again. Being able to play this gem every time I had a chance made work+classes+malnutrition very bearable.
4	I really enjoy this course but I am saving the 5 out of 5s for the Troons, Grayhawks and WeKoPas of the world.  Nonetheless, this is a great, very challenging course and you don't have to drive waaaay up north or east of Scottsdale to get there, which is always a great plus.  I remember Golf Digest did a list of Top 25 College Courses and this didn't make it, which I thought was nuts.  My only complaint is that the course isn't really as luxurious as the peak season rate would indicate.  Also, as the other guys who reviewed this mentioned, there is some fantastic ASU swag available in the shop if you are a fan, they probably have every variety you could ever imagine.  Haven't eaten there but Ted's Hot Dogs is close enough that you'd be crazy not to go there after your round.
4	I give this course 4 stars because of its challenge level. Not at all the most scenic golf course, but the gazillion hills create an extra level of difficulty. I'd bet money that this course was once a landfill (yes, it happens). No flat lands accept for the middle of the fairway and greens. I do love the golf attendants uniforms....old school with the argyle socks and knickers.
4	I'm reviewing the catering at Karsten's clubhouse (http://www.asukarsten.com/meetings_special_events/catering/). I have used the catering several times for large groups (100-175 guests). On all occasions, the food and service have always been exactly what we requested and definitely above expectations for such reasonable catering prices. Eating at the clubhouse in the winter season is especially lovely, since they decorate the entire area with festive lights and a large, beautifully decorated Christmas tree. At a recent December event, we selected a buffet which included vegetarian tamales, string beans with red potatoes, rice pilaf, and glazed carrots. There was also a turkey carving station. I'm very picky, and everything was excellent. The carrots in particular were really yummy with a candy-type glaze on them, but everything was above expectations. The coffee served also was surprisingly good, which is always a treat. I highly recommend the clubhouse at ASU Karsten Golf Course for your catering needs!
4	This place is really cool. I was invited to play in a charity tournament here with a friend and had a total blast. *Disclaimer- I am totally not a serious golfer but even from a wannabe golfers perspective it was damn fun! The course has a ton of rolling hills so it's definitely challenging. They are great about having the drink carts circling regularly and the service is great from the second you drop off your clubs. One piece of advice is to plan for a full day here. It took us about 6 hours for the full 18 holes. Otherwise... go, play!!
5	I finally got to play the home course to my old stomping grounds, Arizona State University. I went to ASU fresh out of high school, but didn't last long because of a terrible GPA - at that time, I was not an obsessed golfer like I am now. So I never made it out to Karsten.I walked into the Pro Shop and was like a kid in a candy store. They had ASU shirts, gloves, shoes, hats, flags, bags, head covers - anything and everything. I got a couple of shirts and a cap, and met the other golfers in my group.Thankfully the other players in my group had played here the day before - so they were able to give me all kinds of tips from their experience. The course is in great shape. The front nine is not very scenic, the nearby factories, power lines and water towers provide the backdrop. However, the magnificent campus stadiums provide the scenery on the back. Being a former Sun Devil, seeing Sun Devil Stadium as we came down the 18th fairway brought back many memories...The course is pretty tough. There is a ton of water in play, and it is by far the thickest rough I've ever seen. It made it very tough to find your ball and even the shortest of chips were difficult. Some rough was 6-8" high.Overall, a great bargain ($70), a fantastic Pete Dye design, and awesome views of campus. 4.5 stars.
3	Not a huge fan of this course. It's more of a 2.5 star rating since the course is always overpriced too.I just don't get the love affair people have with the course. I guess it's the home course love Sun Devils give this place. I've played it several times and the course conditions have been average at best. I really don't find too many of the holes memorable and it's fairly boring for the most part.They do have some good beers on tap and the pro shop is one of the better ones around in regards to the apparel and such they have available.I'd like Karsten more if the rates were more reasonable, but with such high prices, I'd rather go to a more affordable and just as enjoyable course nearby.
4	I have been to this course a few different times.  The summer deals brought me in because it is a little pricey during the season.  The greens and fairways have always been in good condition and I enjoy the challenging hills and strategically placed bunkers.  I haven't really scored well on this course but as a beginner golfer I enjoy the challenge this course offers. Water jugs on every tee is crucial for the summer months.
4	A first rate golf complex on the beautiful campus of ASU. The clubhouse is well stocked with ASU gear & serves tasty, reasonably priced lunches.
4	I haven't actually played here, but I've used the practice range many a time.  The staff is always friendly and the practice facility is amazing if not a bit overpriced.  It's a great place to work on your game.
4	Five stars for quality, green maintenance, hidden driving range and overall course design.  As far as the club house, I would say the kids there seem to be some problems.  Summer time,Best Wednesday Special $17.50 with cart! Wow.  Clothing required, Collared shirt and pants, or khaki shorts.  Even for the driving range.  I was asked to put on a collared shirt  for the range, I had one but got the hint that I was not welcomed.  If your read this far I ask you to help save Karstin Golf Course.
4	Disclaimer: This review is only for lunch at the club house.My primary colleagues in Phoenix love to come to the club house for lunch, particularly since it's just a short drive from their office off of University.  I've been here a dozen or so times in the last 2 years.  We've always been promptly seated, even yesterday, when we needed a table for 9 and all of them were seemingly taken or reserved.  The service is just as friendly once you're seated.Their menu has some great variety - salads, sandwiches, and southwestern flavored entrees.  My favorites are the flat iron steak salad (steak, avocado, sprouts, and potatoes over greens) and the vegetarian tamale.  The guys that I eat with rave about the tuna salad.  One bummer is that the lemonade isn't fresh (it's powdered).  You can't really taste it in the AP's, but you can when you're drinking straight lemonade.The view from the patio is nice, even for a non-golfer like myself, so if they offer to seat you out there, I recommend it.#Yelp365 - 168/365
4	Slowly becoming my home course since moving to Tempe! Practice facilities are great to tune up your game and the course is always maintained well. If you get a chance to play it mid week go for it. Having this course to yourself is a treat! Staff is friendly and welcoming both in the shop and out on the course. Only criticism is that it can be a little pricey for the green fees but its worth it. What isnt worth it is the price for a bag of range balls!
5	Fantastic summer pricing for a varied and challenging course.  Let's start from the top.Plenty of space in the parking lot and bag drop area.  Pro shop has a great variety of gear and apparel, and all the ASU golf paraphanelia you could ever want.  The guys in the pro shop/clubhouse are also very friendly and will help you along your way if you haven't played at this course before. As for the course itself - I played in the middle of August so it was pretty darn hot - it is a gorgeous course that is extremely well maintained considering the heat of the summer.  Great bunker placement and stretches of water that add challenge and variety to your straight-then-dog-eared hole.  Scenery isn't much to look at, but who's griping when you can play year round?  Price-wise, I paid $30 for a full round and I believe that was a summer discount.  Not sure what their peak season price point is.  Be warned that if you haven't been to this course before that the cart path can get a bit confusing at times, and watch out for the 9th/18th, as they tee off from the same general area but two different tees.  Wouldn't want anyone getting hit in the noggin. If you have an early tee time you can pop into the clubhouse for some lunch and cold beer afterwards.  The food is pretty good (but honestly after a round of 18 anything's goods), and there's probably fewer things in life that make me happier than drinking a cold draft from an ice cold mug that you can actually see vapor swirls coming off of, after a long round of golf!!Overall, a great golfing experience from start to finish.  I think that anyone would enjoy this, from beginners all the way to amateurs.
4	Enjoyed a round of golf with good friends. The course was in great shape but after, we stopped in the Trophy Room for lunch. They have the best burgers in town.I had the American Angus Burger with applewood smoked bacon. YUMMY!! All my other friends had the Albacore Tuna Salad, Southwest Burger and BBQ Beef.  All agreed it was a great lunch. No disappointments here.Waitress was awesome, friendly and knowledgeable. Kept our water glasses full. Place was busy because of people registering for their tournament and the lunch crowd.We'll be back again soon.
5	We did not play golf but had lunch at the Trophy room.  All I can say is WOW.  There is a chef in the kitchen and not a cook.  Amazing burgers, beyond fantastic.  Good wine, terrific service.  I don't usually plan a repeat visit but this place is on my list.  It was one of the best lunches I have ever had in the valley.  Beautiful views, uber clean, busy but not crowded.  A really nice place to go.  Prices are not cheap --- 10$ for a burger plate but worth every cent.  Go to restaurant.com and I am sure you can buy a coupon to save a few bucks.  HIGHLY RECOMMENDED.
5	For my boyfriends 30th had Karsten setup a golf outing for him & 19 of his friends. They did such an awesome job. Thank you Karsten for making it a memorable day!
4	Nice course.  I got on for around $100, which I don't think is too much for a nice course.  Includes range balls and a cart.Course is in very good shape, greens roll true, a nice test of golf without being too difficult.  Pretty straight forward - what you see is what you get.  Pace of play was about 4.5 hours, waited on each hole but not very long and not to the point where it was annoying.  Beautiful 9th and 18th holes going along a big pond which splits the two holes and makes each tough.  ASU stadium is in the background on each hole and adds to the scene.
4	As far as university courses go, ASU's Karsten is a tough one to beat (though understandable given ASU's golf program over the years).From the pro shop, to the restaurant, down to the service and the course itself; there's really nothing about Karsten that makes you feel like you're on a university course (save the trophy case and noticeable ASU logos everywhere). The course is well maintained, professionally run and the staff are very friendly.I was able to take advantage of the unlimited golf deal, which was reasonably priced and allowed me to get in 36 holes in mid-January (which also included lunch within the price). Certainly a course I'd return to.
5	Great Pete Dye design. One of a kind in the valley. Why does it have to go away?Better play it now. This will be gone in 3 years. ASU wants to make a parking lot for there football stadium in the future. What a crock!!!This by far the worst decision ever by ASU. That's saying something.I am officially tossing my golf bag in the lake when they close.Why o why ??
5	WOW! From the attentive and smiling attendants out front at Bag Check to the well kept driving range, this place is definitely a hidden gem.  Word on the street is that they are closing, shutting down or some think it's already closed, but let me tell you that Joey Jones and his guys at Karsten are OPEN and they kick butt.  I am saying all these nice things in the beginning because even though this course is in amazing shape, it is definitely challenging.I have played here 20+ times and each round continues to challenge my game!I highly advise anyone looking to play true Links Style Course to go play ASU Karsten
4	Really enjoyed my round here... Solid pro shop.. Nice range.. Good carts...This course started out pretty easy and then got difficult.. There is water, trees, hills, and bunkers....I would play here again..
5	Errrr my god. I wish I played golf when I wver to ASU. This course is pristine and gorgeous. A country club for those who can't afford one. Club house is amazing and usually has good deals on ASU merchandise. Breathtaking view!
