4	Extremely cheap prices. Kung Pao shrimp was pretty good and only $5 with white rice or with combo only $8. Combo comes with, fried rice, 2 crab puffs, 1 veggie egg roll. Service was great and fast! Great place to go for a cheap lunch. They deliver also with no delivery charge.
4	This little place does a great job pumping out fresh Chinese food. It won't really blow you through the wall into the Avis rental office next door, but it's above average. Thus far we've tried several of the chicken and veggie dishes--they are all very good. The Garlic chicken and Mongolian chicken are favorites. Pei Wok makes everything fresh to order. There are a few clean, small tables you could sit at to eat (I think two two-tops and one four-top), but I always get it to go.There are smaller lunch combos for a very cheap prices--cheaper even than going to Panda Express which is relative garbage. For dinner, you can get a "Large" which is just white rice and entree, or you can get the "Combo" which is fried rice, entree, egg roll, and cream cheese wontons. Look, maybe a better semantic strategy was in order, but they do what they can.The guys running the joint are also very nice and friendly. They always banter with me about my tattoos, the weather, or anything else that comes up.
4	The food is good and seems fresh.  Lunch prices are great.  Dinner is a little on the pricey side for what you get, but it's still worth it.  Nothing is really spicy.  We've had most of what is listed as being spicy on the menu and it's really pretty mild.  If you're in need of something with a lot of spice, it may be worth asking to have the food made to be extra spicy or just try somewhere else.  The orange chicken is probably my favorite.  It's way better than what you get from somewhere like Panda Express.  There isn't really much seating inside, so you pretty much want to just plan on it being take-out.
4	This place is just around the corner from where we live and we're on the hunt for a favorite neighborhood Chinese food place so this was first on the list. My boyfriend went to pick up the food and let me just say...it was ridiculously fast. I don't think he could have gotten McDonald's drive-thru that quickly! Not that promptness it a bad thing, but it did make me questions the whole "made fresh to order" scenario. We ordered Sesame Chicken that came with white rice and then General Tso's that we substituted fried rice. For $2, it was just rice that was swirled in a pan with some oil I think, there was no vegetables, no real flavor and negligible amounts of egg, so not really worth the substitution. The chicken was good, a little dry, but good flavor. They do serve nice recognizable pieces of chicken, as opposed to the super heavily battered, fatty, greasy, could be stray cat for all you know pieces of chicken. The chicken was lean and the sauces were not oily at all, as Chinese food goes.  The General Tso's was not very spicy at all unless you got a piece of one of the peppers, but still had that General Tso's flavor. The sesame chicken had that nice nutty rich flavor to it. Overall it was pretty good. I had originally selected 3 stars based on pure food quality, but based on speed, price and their lunch specials are super reasonably priced, can't wait to try those, I bumped it up to 4 stars. Mr. Chao's Asia Bistro and Great Wok are the next contenders on the list, so we'll see who comes out a winner!
4	When we do order for Delivery - - it's always Pei Wok.  Mostly fresh, and very quick delivery.  The last few times we've ordered it *very* spicy and they either add the hot chili sauce as a side or they spice it up fairly well.  Very reliable and yummy for delivery!
4	We LOVE Pei Wok.  The Spicy Fried Rice (extra spicy please) is an awesome side dish.  The Guys love the Lo-Mein but I favor Egg Foo Yong (big fluffy and nice gravy) or the Curry which is some of the best I have had at a chinese joint.The Hot & Sour Soup is A++ full of yummy stuff - very well put together - I would put it up against any sit-down restaurant in town and they would win!These are nice people - they deliver on time, order is always right and the Fortunes are always positive!
2	New owners and staff....... too bad...... The food is close, but not as good as with the previous staff. The egg rolls are mediocre and when you ask to substitute a crab puff, they tell you only at dinner not at lunch...... Which does not make sense as they charge 99 cents for an egg roll, but crab puffs are 6 for $3.75 or about 65 cents each. I hate wasting food and since the main course is just OK, this makes it tough not to drive down the road to Fast Food Chinese!!!!
2	I was looking for a new spot for Chinese food and I had seen all the reviews on yelp were good so I had to give it a try... We arrived to a really small area off seating about 20 people could fit in the whole place... I think the best bet is ordering take out seeing how everything is served in to go boxes... The staff was really friendly... My lunch crew ordered the Mongolian Beef, Orange Chicken and Lemon Chicken. I rate the food as followed.Mongolian Beef - C+Orange Chicken - DLemon Chicken - DFried Rice -DEgg Roll - C+I had high hopes for this spot after seeing the great reviews... The Lemon Chicken was like fried chicken bits in a clear lemon sauce that tasted like sprite. The Orange Chicken was chewy chicken with no flavor. The Mongolian Beef was just ok it... After such a lackluster meal I will not be back anytime soon.
3	We just moved to 'Tukee, and I drove home realizing I had a hankering for some Chinese food. (Hankering? Apparently having experienced Cracker Barrel one time now I am a Southerner who says things like hankering and "fixin' to"). I don't know the ins and outs of the neighborhood entirely yet, so I came home and got on Yelp and figured I'd give this place a try. I called and was told it would be about 45 minutes to an hour wait for delivery - totally fine, I'm not dying or anything. By the end of my order the guy said, "More like half an hour probably." Even better! So it ended up being an hour and ten minutes. Maybe I'm to blame for this since I didn't know our apartment building number (you'd think they probably are pretty good at navigating apartments though, our building is right near by and I am sure they deliver here frequently). I also feel bad because the driver called me because our complex has a gate, I forgot it closes at six, and we have yet to set up the phone number/directory thing to let people in. Whoops. So far I am sounding like a pretty horrible person...I promise, I'm not out to torture the delivery drivers of the world!I ordered Mongolian chicken (okay, and an order of crab puffs, AND wontons...I had to meet the delivery minimum, which wasn't posted on their website, but I figured my boyfriend can eat the leftovers when he gets home. ...Or whatever, I'll be a fat kid tonight and go to town alone), and substituted the white rice for fried rice ($1 extra, why not?). The chicken was good - good flavor, and definitely a big portion. Not what I've usually had as Mongolian, but good nonetheless. The fried rice...I don't really see what was "fried" about it in the typical sense - it was pretty much white rice in oil, as another person already said in their review. The crab puffs...I'll be honest, I'm easy to please in the crab puff category. They were sweet, and very yummy, and had a good texture (you know bad crab puff texture when you have 'em!). Egg roll was standard, greasy but good, and the wontons were HUGE and really good. (Don't be afraid...I sampled everything but left a good share behind for the good ol' BF.)Overall, I wasn't incredibly impressed. Wasn't bad, wasn't fantastic...cured my Chinese craving, but just barely. Will continue to try and find a really good place nearby...
4	We have ordered here a few times its pretty good its a small "mom and pop shop" but that is what you want with chinese food!  The spicy fried rice is pretty good I was expecting a bit more spice, but hey it was still different and yummy
1	Everything was so bland. It tasted like nothing.
3	This is very much a cary-out/delivery business - don't plan on eating here.  It's right next to a nail salon, and smells mildly of finger nail chemicals.  It's small, and slightly shady, but the people were friendly enough.I went with my 'safe' standby for Chinese food: General Tso's Chicken, which was pretty decent, but nothing to rave about.  My girlfriend had their Orange Tofu, which was also tasty, but not special.This place is convenient, so we'll order from here again, but don't expect to be 'wow'ed.
1	The food was so bad. The meat quality was horrible and hardly edible. There are much better Chinese food places to try.
3	It'll do for delivery food and I have to say, the kung pao three was pretty good. The shrimp tasted like shrimp, there were vegetables and decent beef and chicken. The fried rice tasted good. We also had the Teriyaki chicken which tasted pretty good but the chicken was questionable, tender but looked odd. Overall, the price was right, the quantity was large and the taste was Ok but could have used some chili or something to spice it up.
3	Got the mong beef combo and hubby got kung poa beef combo.   Both came with plenty of fried rice, crab puff and a tasty egg roll. Gave my husband my crab puff, which he said was  good.  The food was good and we'd go back. The food was prepared very quickly, so glad we ordered in person and not over the phone!
5	These are old reviews! I don't review much because when I do it's a place worth my time reviewing lol awesome food here! Great prices too! Orange chicken is some of the best I've had! And I know orange chicken! Like that their food doesn't mess my stomach up and sit heavy like others. The soup is a nice big portion as are all their entrees, tried other places in the area and they don't add up to the food quality and prices here! This is a pick up or delivery place for sure which in my opinion is how most of this food is :) perfect for me
