5	Honestly, I am only giving 5 stars to one item: The Green Chili Cheese Crisp.  Having grown up in Buckeye, I have gone here more times than I can remember.  This place was praticially a weekly occurrence in my youth.  I have NEVER gotten anything different.  Yeah I am sure they have other food items, they may actually even be good, but they could never compare to my GCC.  I may have moved but my love for these amazingly juicy yet crispy pieces of heaven has not left.  Every time I go visit my parents I have to stop by.  Other than that, service is so so, either you get your food in a hurry or you don't get it at all.  You should probably ask for a to-go drink cup as the regular cups are as old as my grandma and look kind of gross.  Oh and all the art on the walls is for "sale" however when I tried to buy one once no one knew how much it was or who painted it so they couldn't sell it.
4	The last time my sister visited we decided we want to try a place we had never been. This fit the bill as we have never eaten anything in Buckeye. It has the small town feel to it and the folks serving you are friendly. I remember the food was quite good, but no idea of what I ate. It is a place we would stop in if ever we find ourselves in fabulous downtown Buckeye again.
5	This place is great!! Their food is excellent!!!  Some of my favs are the Red Chili Burrito enchilada style, Green Chili, Shredded Beef Tacos, Cheese enchiladas and their Cheeseburgers!!!  They also make these awesome Cheesecrisps with Red or Green Chili (open or closed) that are YUMMY!You have to stop by this restaurant and try it out!  It's in the downtown area of Buckeye but worth stopping by!
4	My wife and I just stopped by this restuarant while driving back from Yuma to Phoenix.  The Pork Carnitas I had were well seasoned, coming on a cast iron skilled with grilled onions.  The sides were nothing exceptional, but on the key portion of the mean (the carnitas) the food excelled.My wife had the shrimp fajitas and given a generous portion of shrimp that she also thoroughly enjoyed.You have to go a bit out of your way if you traveling along I-10 or AZ 85 to get here, but it's worth the trip.
2	This place is so so.  Ok food.  Ok atmosphere.  Just a decent restaurant in Buckeye.
1	This place was straight up N.A.S.T.Y. I am prior military so I have eaten some not so good meals. I'm not a picky person. I think you can pretty much doctor up food to be edible....that was until today! I took one bite of my tostada and I refused to eat anymore. I literally was grossed out and by the time the staff noticed our table, I wasn't even willing to order something else. I was disappointed.
3	Tacos are good. Dey need to improve der service.
1	Absolutely awful!  Terrible food!  The worst Mexican food I've had in years.  My wife and I ate here last Friday night.  There weren't many patrons inside when we got there.  (should have  tipped us off)  I ordered two beef enchiladas with a beef  taco, rice and beans.  Flavorless rice, beans were salty, the enchiladas had some kind of dense, stringy, beef-like, dry substance inside, with canned enchilada sauce.  Barely edible.  The taco was something I've only seen prepared similarly at  "Jack-in-the box".  They had deep fried a corn tortilla with a lump of dense, dry, meat-like substance inside.  (the same material as in the  enchiladas, apparently)  There was no cheese, lettuce or sauce in the taco.  No seasoning to the material inside, just a dry lump of meat-like substance inside a deep fried tough taco shell!  Horrible! I don't know how they can serve food like this without knowing how bad it is! Doesn't the staff eat any of this?!   Unbelievable!  The one bright spot was our waitress, who was friendly and did a good job.  Our grandson got the hamburger, which was pretty good, so he was okay.Pretty sad, when the only food we had that was decent for dinner, was a hamburger at a MEXICAN restaurant.Do yourself a favor and skip this place.  The food is seriously that BAD!
2	2 stars all because the hot sauce sucks now. 2 stars: 1 for a Buckeye Icon and 1 for most of the food is not bad. Service is bad and slow. Servers are not trained in good service skills. Dirt parking lot sucks, be carefull not fall into one of the holes.Hope you are not handicapted and have to use the bathroom.....it's outside and to the left, suprised the Building department OK'd this place.
1	Only giving one star because zero is not avail!!  Told it was excellent. Service absolutely sucked and we were ready to walk out after waiting so long when someone finally helped.  While eating, a roach crawled across the table and I almost threw up.  Stopped eating, paid the bill and NEVER returned!
3	I give .3 stars because, in the past I would give maybe 1. The chips are better than they were in the past, the food is actually a little better.  I get the red chili bean mixed enchilada style...I love it... Shredded beef tacos are good... Tostadas are small and not that great.  Rice is ok.Service: avoid the back room where the bar is.. Horrible service there, you will wait forever.The front may seem empty, but the service is pretty quick... They don't check on ya much to see how things are or if you need a refill.. But, at least you get your food on time.
1	This place deserves an award for the most consistently awful service. I brought friends from abroad here and the waitress was so rude I was embarrassed. Another time we came and waited 40 minutes from the time we ordered (and nobody came to  give us drinks at all) and when we told them we were leaving, the food finally came out. No apology. I don't know how they stay in business. Their food isn't superb, the location isn't great, you would think they would go out of their way to make patrons come back.
5	Okay, this is my hometown Mexican food restaurant.  I have eaten this food all my life and I grew up less than a block from the original owners, The Amabisca Family.  That said, it's not gourmet Mexican food, but it's good enough for me.  In fact it's good enough to make me crave it a few times a year when I drive back out to the homestead to check on my parents and the rest of the relatives.  Specifically I crave their shredded beef taco plate with sides of rice and beans.  Oh man, I dunno what it is about their oily, salty, shredded beef tacos with beans and rice, but I love them.  And they also have a very unusual hot sauce that they serve with their chips, that I *swear* has oregano in it (and I like it) but it's definitely an acquired taste.And another thing they make here that is amazing is their Green Chili Cheese Crisp.  So damn good!So, this is a decent little place for *Americanized* Mexican food, UNLESS of course you are a bone fide food snob, in which case don't bother because you'll probably just decide you hated it as you pull out of the parking lot, sneering at the little town of Buckeye as you screech away towards the I-10 cursing the Food Gods that somehow misdirected you here in the first place...
4	Green Chile Cheese Crisp, if you grew up in the Buckeye area you grew up eating this, so if you go to this restaurant you order a GCC.
2	I've lived in Buckeye for almost eighteen years, and I've gone to La Placita several times to have a meal. When I was a child, I thought it was a nice place, but lately it's been disappointing.Most of their food is mediocre compared to the many other Mexican food establishments within a twenty mile radius. If only they gave more attention and care to make their dishes taste better. The only thing I've ever come to enjoy is their red chile quesadilla. Aside from their chips and salsa, nothing has ever satisfied me here other than this.Along with their food issues I've had, their servers lack any personality at all. Every time we go here, it seems we are almost forgotten about by our server. The restaurant is never busy when this happens.But there are positives. The restaurant is one of a kind and a Buckeye original on main street, highway 85. It's expansive and really good looking inside and out with a cool adobe look.I love this place because it's an iconic Buckeye restaurant, I just wish I would want to eat here.
3	I've given this place three tries and what's weird is the rice and beans are good but everything else is below average at best. Usually it's the other way around.I've had green chile twice and carnitas once. All three plates arrived quickly and hot, but they all lacked real flavor and authenticity.Service is okay but you have to pay extra for a smile.Last thing, the chips and salsa are good but aren't worth stopping in for.After eating there a few more times I am updating my review.  Avoid the carnitas.  They are nothing better than cubed pork on a bed of grilled onions with pepper.  No sauce, no sides, nothing.  Everything else is okay.  But be cautious of ordering off the menu, at the very least ask how much they're going to charge you.  I special ordered a burrito and lunch cost me $18 with tip.  That's way too much.
1	We all have to have that one experience that was revolting and atrocious! I have eaten at so many restaurants throughout my Journey and this dining experience made me sign up for YELP and post my first ever review to warn others.....Ok despite advertising they have internet and it not working, thats ok, life will go on....what was not acceptable was when the Enchilada dish was served the rice and means had a moldy and sour smell.....I  couldn't believe it...then the waitress.......when I told her she waited 10 minutes to come back and ask if I wanted fresh cooked rice...I'm like yes....at this point just recoup my cost and get out ......... The service was the worst I have ever had in a restaurant in my life and I am not from here......so I give this review after careful thought and after having spent over 11 dollars......I will still give a tip based on principal and merit, although the waitress was the worst I have had, at least the food was brought to me despite some of the entree being rotten.........thank gosh I only ordered water.....Zero personality and friendliness....it was awful......
2	I have heard how great this place was, so thought I would give it a try.  I have to say that the Green Chile Cheese Crisp is amazing, so simple and add some of their great salsa it is a winner.  However that being said, the place was a mess!  We were ignored the first 15 minutes we were there.  The restaurant is DIRTY. the tables the floors the walls just gross dirty.  The health department should shut them down just for that, can't imagine the kitchen!  If you were a fan of the tv show Will and Grace, you will be happy to know that Rosario has found work here, and she is just full of mean, no funny!  The food was bland, there was no seasoning at all that I could tell and it was all so mashed together on my plate I wasn't even sure what I was eating.Brave it Once for the Green Chile Cheese Crisp then find a place that has some flavor, and that is clean!
2	Being from a large city, I have experienced great Mexican fare, and I would have thought that being so close to Mexico and having a large Mexican population, there would have been good Mexican food around here. That may be true, but I have to be honest and say that this place leaves much, possibly too much, to be desired in the realm of awesome eats.Maybe it's that I walked into this restaurant with too high expectations that they were unable to live up to. Maybe the food wasn't that good. It is possible that both are correct. I am thinking the second statement was more accurate than the first.I had the combo plate with twp tacos and an enchilada. I asked for steak tacos. I got tacos with thin strands of steak, similar top barbacoa, that weren't very flavorful and were somewhat dry.  The enchilada was covered in a kinda bland mole.Service was decent. The food was passable, but not very good.
1	I Love tacos, but these tacos I could barley even swallow ! Nasty nasty nasty I was very disappointed . I will never go back .
4	The food here is fantastic along with the chips and salsa. The service is good as well. The dining area is very open a lot more like a bar than a restaurant. It's a great place to go to watch the game and have some food and drinks. Their bar has a nice selection of hard liquor but only a couple beers on draft. Overall it's a decent experience for a decent price.
5	First of all BIG shoutout to Joseph.  He is my man.  I love their food.  You can't go wrong with a number one combo, or a GCC, or both.  I have never received bad service there, they are GREAT!
