3	This is the first sports bar and grill to open up in Buckeye.  It's something that we have needed for awhile and we also don't have more than a handful of sit down restaurants.  So, this was much much needed!  It opened a few months ago and my husband and I finally went in tonight.  Now, I know it is a local sports bar, so I wasn't hoping for a gourmet meal...especially from one of the only restaurants in our area.  The interior is well done and much improved compared to the two Chinese restaurant/buffets that were there first.  For a sports bar, there are plenty of TVs, a pool table, a nice sized sit-down bar, and a couple arcade games as well.  We ordered the chips and salsa, which were decent enough for what was possibly jarred salsa.   I had the cheesesteak, which was not bad.  But it didn't come cut in half (strange to me) and the bread looked a little odd.  It was actually fairly good for the first few bites, but then it seemed to lose flavor.  The fries were gross though...not fully cooked and not much flavor at all.  :( My husband had their Green Chile burger which he thoroughly enjoyed.  They have the typical sports bar fare with things like loaded potato skins, burgers, salads, sliders, and chicken fingers.  I think next time I am going to get the onion strings instead of the fries though.What I did love and that will also bring me back is their specials for the days of the week (Monday-Saturday)...things like Wing Wednesday and Ladies' Tuesday.  It happened to be the day before Easter too and they are having what sounds like a fun celebration.  They're serving ham, potatoes, and corn as well as Mimosas and an adult easter egg hunt with prizes.  Too bad I already have plans!  I'd like to also go for breakfast on Saturday or Sunday when they have a build-your-own Bloody Mary Bar...yum!I'm willing to go back and again and try some different menu items, so it wasn't too bad.  The service was good and the idea of finally having a sports bar in Buckeye is great!
1	We were so excited to get a bar in Buckeye. First time we went service wasn't that great and food was not good at all. Our order was wrong and when we got our correct order it was cold. We figured cause the place had just opened so we said we would wait a couple weeks and try again. The next visit was even worse. Service was bad. Meaning it took forever for someone to even take our drink order, 30 min wait for food that was not worth the wait. Nope, we will not be returning.
5	Great wait staff. Good cold drinks & yummy sandwich's.Fun place to hang out & watch your favorite sports on the many TV's.
1	The first time we went we ran a tab at the end of the night they overcharged us for more drinks than we had. So after a few months went back, friendly waitress and I paid for my drinks as we went so I could avoid being overcharged but at the end, my change was supposed to be $15.20 she brought me $15.00, I asked for my $.20 and she said she would bring it back. 1/2 hour later no change and she punched out and went home. So I saved the tip I was going to give her but later heard the other waitress's laughing about it. So I will never return there. I will die of thirst outside this place before ever going in again. I only am giving one star because ZERO stars was not an option.
4	I have been to Halftime several times since they opened. I am not a drinker so I cannot comment on the drinks but I love bar food and I am a big girl so I know a thing or two about good food. Let's face it, I didn't get this fat by accident. It is probably a good thing that I am not a drinker because I do have an addictive personality. If I liked to drink as much as I eat I would be a 300 pound drunk which would not be cute by any stretch of the imagination. The main reason for this review is their wings. Not just any old wings but their Texas Gold sauced wings. OMG!!!!! They are to die for! I could try to describe the flavor but I probably won't do it justice. It is a combination of sweet, spicy and bold all in one. The color is actually a rich, dark gold and the flavor is explosive. I could probably eat shoe leather dipped in this sauce. It is delicious and hands down the best wing sauce I have ever tasted in all my life. I asked for the brand but was told it is made in-house by the chef so it looks like I am going to have to kidnap the chef if I want to find out how to make it at home because after several minutes of begging and pleading for the recipe, I could not get them to budge. I wish they had more offerings with this sauce, like BBQ ribs or chicken. You have to try this sauce when you go. As far as the rest of the food goes, I have only tried a few things. The burgers are really good and tasty but the fries are not as crispy as I usually like. I think they are hand cut so that may be the reason. The fish is really good and they have an all you can eat special on Fridays. I can GUARANTEE you that they lose money when I go on Friday's for the all you can eat deal! The quesadilla is really good and the onion rings are great. The have 2 different happy hour times and offer several of their appetizers for half price during those times. I am not sure of the times though.  I would have given this place 5 stars but the service knocked it down to 3.5 stars. The Texas Gold sauce kicked it back up to 4 stars. The only reason I deducted a star is because the service is frequently slow and a few of the servers could use an attitude adjustment. A couple of them make me want to snatch them up by their hair every now and then and give them a good, swift kick in the butt.I almost forgot to mention that they recently started a free Texas Hold-Em Poker game on Friday nights that is really fun. The server that takes care of the free poker game players is a sweetheart and really works her butt off to take care of everyone. I know it must be a real task but she is awesome. If all the servers were like her, this would be a 5 star review for sure. At any rate, It is a great way for me to get away, have fun and get my gambling itch scratched without having to actually spend money. As much as I want a casino to open up out here in Buckeye, I am glad that there is not one really close. If there was a casino within 15 minutes of my house, I would not have a computer to type this review. It would surely be at the pawn shop, along with the rest of my worldly posessions and I would likely be living in a box, under the nearest bridge. Worse of all, I would not have any money left to go back and have more of those delicious Texas Gold sauced wings! You have to try them.
1	I've been to Halftime 5 times since it's opening last year. The food is very plain and distasteful. Granted that they have the typical barroom food, but it's just not good. I've had better from the frozen food isle. The service is slow. The people are rude and a little haughty. Let's face it, this is Buckeye. There's is and never will be a reason to be haughty. Won't return and tell everyone we know that it's an undesirable place to be. It's worth the drive to go a little farther to the Longhorn for a truly delicious burger and friendly, efficient service.
1	I was looking for a place I could take my employees to an occasional dinner so I went in there about 6 weeks after they had their Grand Opening last year. To me, I think the owners and employees have no customer service skills and I see no reason to bring my employees here.  The place was not busy and there should be no excuse what went on while I was in there that evening. I stood inside the front door waiting to be greeted and taken to a table, after standing there for a little bit and nobody came over to me I walked over to the bar and sat down and decided to have a drink. After a small wait a blonde haired lady came over and instead of welcoming me to Halftime, her first words were "what can I gitcha". This again shows zero customer service skills. After a couple minutes a dark headed female bartender came out from the back room and was doing her bartender things. Nobody was paying attention to the TV on the wall in front of me so I enquired about watching a particular sporting event and she said okay and she would change the channel. I waited about 10-15 minutes and had to remind her again, she could not find the channel on the TV and had to ask someone where it was. While sitting there watching the program I noticed the dark haired bartender spent alot of time talking to one of her male friend customers at the other end of the bar and not paying much attention to the other customers at the rest of the bar. The original blonde haired lady came behind the bar a couple of times to make a drink for someone and I overheard her tell another customer that she was one of the owners with her husband. I had two more drinks after the first one and had to get the bartenders attention and asked for each one, A good bartender always keeps an eye on a customers and asked if they are ready for another one but this one was more interested in her friends and not the customers. Do the owners condone this kind of behavior from the bartenders? Do the owners really care about their business?   Another one of my intentions was to either loan or sell them some unique one-of-a-kind sports memorabilia I've had for many years to put on their walls that have been sitting in my closet and would like to see it displayed somewhere. With the attitude and lack of friendliness they show those items will remain in my closet awhile longer.  In my opinion I think the Halftime wannabe sports bar should close the doors and the owners should go back to California where the blonde haired lady said they were from.  Now, I'm looking for a reason to go back there since then but I have not heard anything good or bad about the place. I can say that even the new Denny's has good customer service and that halftime should learn more about customer service from Denny's if they want to keep customers. Until they change their attitudes I think you should try everywhere else in Buckeye first and forget this  place.  Oh Yeah, when I was there, the walls were bare except for a couple of beer signs so nothing really made me think it was a sports bar, why do they think it is a sports bar?
1	First buckeye is hell. Second, when I did walk in the server did say for me to sit anywhere I wanted..and all but one table was dirty. 3rd I couldn't tell you anything about the food because I was sitting there for 10 minutes without anybody asking me for even a drink order or to give me a menu. I walked out...
1	downward spiral, so can't wait for native new yorker to open.
1	I stopped in to watch a few NFL games, but the fun stopped there. I ordered a burger which was completely dry and not seasoned with a dry bun. The TV's are at breakneck angles if you're sitting at the bar and the TV by the entrance is covered by a huge hanging advertising banner. The bland lime green walls do not say much for an inviting bar atmosphere and the staff apparently hang out in the first booth as much as possible and I had to seat myself since they were having a great time and not paying attention to customers walking in. I really want to like this place as Buckeye needs a place like this, but with this lackluster effort they will be out of business soon with Native New Yorker opening on Sept 12th. I hope they take this review to heart because I'd rather support a local small business if they listen to their customers.
5	We've been to Halftime a few times. I've always had quick, friendly service and I have never had a complaint about the food. I don't know if the staff has changed since the previous reviews where people complained about "rude staff", but I have never had that experience here. We are fans for sure!
1	no stars deserved, we walked in and sat down the tattooed female bartender looked overwhelmed and didn't serve us for almost 20 minutes, I finally had to walk up to her and ask her for our drinks, "shanna" I geuss her name is informed me she was the only person serving the bar and the floor, so basically saying we had to wait and all we wanted was a couple brewskys nothing complicated. we would of happily waited if she would of nicely told us, I would never stop here again and you can thank that bartender because I'm pretty sure shes driving business away $$$
1	CLOSED as of August 2013.  Not surprised!  Horrible margaritas, terrible service, misleading menu.  Did the neighborhood a favor by closing down. Now maybe we can get a decent restaurant in there.
