3	Beware of the freshly minted baristas not knowing the difference between leaving "room" in an Americano and throwing the already diluted Americano down the drain to make "room." I'm more interested in the flavor an extra shot will make with less water than the volume of a full cup. And then to remedy the "room" request by throwing it away defeats the purpose.
3	Seven workers in the morning at 8 a.m. And I still have to wait 3 minutes before being served - one person at the register in front of me.Where does the line start where does it end I don't know.  In front of the cashier, or the other end of the treats.  It's a small clean shop serving Starbucks fare with a drive thru a drive thru that's going to be prone to traffic jams for the people parking.  It's a starbucks - oblivious to the dropping coffee bean prices
4	So far so good! I visit a couple times a week (okay...maybe several times a week), and they have gotten it right every time. Much better than the location by Whole Foods, which always smells like a sewer, and the location by Fry's that will charge you for every customization (I didn't say add, I said substitute!). I had asked about a custom drink that was displayed on a special sign that highlights employees' creations. Although those employees weren't working that day, the baristas on shift tried a couple experiments, giving us free samples - so awesome!!! This is my new spot - big thimbs up.
4	brand new starbucks, everything is very clean and new. typical starbucks decor. the coffee was great as usual
4	Usually pretty quick service. One time the chick in the drive thru asked me my name, just because she wanted to know it... so that was creepy.
2	Not efficient servicing both the front and drive thru in the busy morning hours. Poor service overall.
2	Went to this location for my usual iced tea before work and thought I'd beat the drive thru line and walked in. That was my mistake. I had one person in front of me, yet it took 5 minutes for them to take my order and somehow 15 minutes to pour my tea. I probably would've gotten through quicker if I'd chosen to be the tenth car in drive up. Not impressed with the inability to juggle the in store customers with the drive up especially considering it took a few minutes to even get the attention of the staff just to get one cashier. I'll definitely be going to the location down the street.
3	I love the decor of this new Starbucks. The service is lacking though. There are a hand full of good employees but most are young and rude. I am not sure why. The one across the street is much better. This one is just more convenient.
4	Very close to home so thought I'd come here before church. The staff here are extremely nice and are very productive. The external environment does not do the building any justice as to how big it is inside. It's very modern inside with a touch of that old coffee house chic furniture. My order came out perfect. Great location but a little hard to get into. I would definitely come back to this location
4	My favorite starbucks! I drink starbucks everyday and this is the best one I go too. Dealing with drive though the line is always long but they are very fast here.The customers are always very nice happy which is always a plus :)I will continue to keep going to this starbucks!
2	I have no issue with the drinks here. Everything I have ever gotten was fine. My issue is with trying to spend time inside and read. I only come in the afternoon so maybe it is a shift issue. The place is like a preschool. The workers are usually yelling and giggling and messing around. I know I will sound like a old fart but I just want to get a good drink and read. They bang open the ice bucket every 30 seconds. I have used those. You do not have to slam them open. It is like a firework going off. Then the guys are just singing or yelling or dancing. I love people liking their jobs. But at some point it is just crazy. I think this place could be great. Just a little ADHD meds for the crew members and all will be fine.
