5	Since this was really the only restaurant I visited for dinner in Waterloo, to me, it's as good as it gets!  The atmosphere in the old building is welcoming, airy (but some areas are cozy), warm, and charming.  The little wine bar area is comfortable and has a muted TV showing sports.  They play a variety of music including soft rock and international mixes.  Their menu is creative spins of local and international comfort foods/favorites and their specials are plenty and mouth watering!  What I really wanted to order was a sampler of their specials!  Instead I ordered the pasta and pork medallion special with tomatoes, mushrooms, and squash "salsa".  It was very flavorful!  The staff was very welcoming and accommodating.
2	Unfortunately, a disappointing experience. Went for dinner on strong recommendations that Sole had great food, great wine selection, and great ambiance. The wine selection was indeed extensive. The Saturday night crowd was a blend of casually dressed diners and those who obviously were out for a special occasion. The soft-lighting, exposed wood beams, warm colors, and wine racks, made me think I had come to the right place for a delicious, relaxed meal. (The patio looked particularly enticing.)But then the food came out. The presentation struck me first. My husband's steak was stacked on top of a half-yellowed piece of broccoli and a few other whole veggies. Not the most appetizing plate to look at.  My roasted chicken stuffed with goat cheese and sun-dried tomatoes sounded mouth-watering on the menu, but when it came out it was underwhelming. A dollop of garlic mashed potatoes (the best thing on the plate) with a heap of limp greens and an anemic piece of chicken. (Granted, chicken is not the most exciting thing to order on a menu, but goat cheese is my weakness.) I do not mind spending a lot on a great meal, however I definitely did not feel that my dish was worth the 27 dollar price tag. Dinner did end up on a good note, though - with a deliciously rich piece of chocolate truffle cake. A decent dessert and a good cup of coffee can cover a multitude of dining sins. Perhaps my high expectations doomed the place from the start, but I left with little desire to return any time soon. I wouldn't tell someone not to go to Sole, but I'd give a more cautious endorsement than the friends who so strongly recommended it to me in the first place.
4	Not a bad place in Waterloo...particularly because its a stone's throw from where I always end up crashing.  They do have a nice wine and beverage list, and I really enjoyed my white wine sangria. It was filled with fresh strawberries and mango chunks.  Boozy woozy!I had the burger stuffed with goat cheese, with roasted tomatoes and pesto...it was moist, flavourful, and very delicious.  Sweet potato fries with a side of lemon aioli, ditto ($16).My friend had the Shrimp Nicoise, which she loved.  It looked very fresh and light and delicious.  I've also heard amazing things about the lobster clubhouse ($21).  We enjoyed our food, and the back patio is lovely!  Its not cheap, but the quality and experience was good.
5	Great atmosphere, great service and best of all amazing food! While in town for a wedding we were eager to find a good brunch. Success! We couldn't decide between Lobster benedict or little steak and eggs. Final decision, get both and share.The lobster benny was so rich and delicious, perfectly cooked fingerling potatoes. Little steak and eggs consisted of perfectly cooked bacon wrapped tenderloins nestled atop corned beef mashed potatoes topped with a sunny side up quali egg. Melt in your mouth goodness!The pastry basket with assorted mini muffins, streudels and banana bread was an added touch to our morning cappucinos.If this place wasn't so far away, I'd be back to check out their evening menu and wine bar.
2	They started strong but haven't really kept up with the times. Throwing sundried tomatoes on everything doesn't make your food modern, it makes you look like your restaurant is stuck in 1998. Some of the dishes are quite tasty but the menu needs revamping, stat. Also, and I know this is nitpicky, but there are a lot of typos and straight-up errors on the menus, e.g. referring to St. Germain as an elderberry liqueur (it is elderflower).
5	Their vegeterian dishes are great. Especially the sweet potato lasagna. Been here for dinner, brunch and lunch. Great food!
4	Very cool restaurant with an interesting architectural interior. I had a quarto pizza, it was four slices with different toppings on it, and they were kalamata olives, artichoke hearts, beef and red peppers. It was a decent pizza not the best I have had. Overall a nice looking restaurant with interesting pieces inside and some history as the building was built in 1857 I believe it said. My girlfriend had the gnocchi and it was very good but very heavy and oily.  I would definitely go back to see what the other food there is like.
4	Food was very good, ambiance very good, service good. Would eat there anytime.
4	Sole is a great asset to Waterloo.  Very cool atmosphere, great food, good wine list.  I've been here several times over the years and have been satisfied with every visit.  We have even brought my toddler with us a few times and they have been very accommodating with his meals.  Sole is always top of our list of places to bring people when they are visiting us from out of town.
4	Really great food in a fancy place. Prime rib deal was solid. The vegetarian lasagna was really fancy. I'm giving 4/5 because for the prices it doesn't feel fancy ENOUGH. And that is very hard to explain, but it really has a 'waterloo' feel to it. Like Famoso (not fancy I know, but its that darn Waterloo style). Maybe its nicer at night. I went around 7pm, left as the sun was going down. Will definitely be coming back, because the food was great.
4	We love this place and the wonderful food they serve ... so much so that we had our small wedding reception there for Brunch. I definitely recommend it to all others, though the main room could use a little style up-date, it's still quite nice inside.
