3	Standard Pittsburgh dive. They had Yuengling, Newcastle and Guinness on tap and basketball on the television so no complaints.
3	It's a bar that you can smoke in... what more do you want?  If you need to feel pretentious while you are out, you can go to Diesel which is a 3 star 'club'The apple has dart boards and will order your favorite beer for you if you ask them.  A good crew works the bar, and my buddy lives right by there so I am there too much.Perhaps pricier than it should be, but again:  It's a bar.  If you are looking for the cheapest place to drink, stay home with your Keystone Ice...  I like my Guinness Draught, thank you!
4	The Apple Inn is what it is.And that is a bar in Dormont that you could go to any day of the week and have a good time among friends, ( whether it's a Tuesday or Thursday when they have karaoke.)The Apple Inn always has decent drink specials, and the bartenders are always spot on, ready to hook you up with another drink when you're finished with your current one. I will, for sure, continue to come to the Apple Inn and get my drink on.
5	Love this place.  I used to live within walking distance and that was a treat!  Karaoke is a great time.  The drinks are great and inexpensive and there are always great people to meet there.I miss the pickles.  ;)
3	The apple is decent if you live within walking distance but nothing to write home about.  Average draft selection.  Didn't get into bottles but found that the bartender that happened to be working was not overly friendly.  Went for a happy hour and it was dead.  Haven't been to the Apple in years but seems like a good place to meet friends and play darts all night.  Smoker friendly.  I couldn't tell the crowd that frequents it because it was so dead.
3	Pretty good place to grab a few drink. Extremely expensive for the area however. I also don't understand their happy hour, .50 cents off drafts? That's pretty lame if you ask me considering their happy hour is always dead.
1	This place is terrible and the management has acted like an entitled prick every time I was there lol... Id rather get shot at R Bar
