5	Due to the constant flow of drug-induced idiots through this store, the staff can be a little difficult.  Once they realize that you are not a drug-induced idiot, they open up and are quite nice.  They offer, perhaps, the most technologically advance water pipe there is, the Hurricane.  While it cost a pretty penny, it is virtually unbreakable.This makes the shop one of the best in town.
2	This place is too "trendy".  It tries to pack in the "newest-coolest-green" items, and leaves little room for the glass.  As one reviewer even stated-all  glass pieces are shunned to the back of the store.  Again, too trendy for me.  This is a lifestyle choice not a fashion statement!
2	Eh, is really all I have to say.  (+ positive, - negative, -/+ neutral)+ Incense selection is awesome.  I love their stuff.-/+ Location is terrible.  I don't like Mill Ave., but at least it's close to where I live.- Poor customer service.  Don't talk to me like I'm stupid and we'll have a great employee/customer relationship.- Expensive.  Tie-dye shirts for $25?  I'll make my own, thanks.  And I don't know many people that buy smoke supplies here (I don't smoke myself).
3	Hippie Gypsy is an island of its own amid the trendy American Apparels and Urban Outfitters of Mill Avenue. You already know what I'm talking about: rasta, incense, hemp, beads, Bob Marley, pipes, ironic bumper stickers, and lots of man jewelry. I thought things were a little pricey, but apparently they have a lot of hard to find incense so maybe it's worth it. The staff was incredibly friendly and welcoming even though we were clearly there just to look. Of course, we weren't the only ones. There were the requisite customers suffering from drug induced stupidity, ogling the bongs in the back. "Sweeeeeet." "Siiiiiiick."While I will never need a bag woven from the palm fronds of Jamaica or an intricately crafted dragon shaped pipe, I can certainly appreciate that these things are available to the modern day hippies still living the dream. Stay strong!
2	I went to this store because I heard they have a decent hookah and shisha selection.  Well their selection isn't too bad....  But the prices are down right outrageous.  Next to Trails, this place charges too much for their hookah merchandise.
1	Wow. This place could be great if they did not charge 2-3 times what a head shop NOT on Mill Ave charges. I know their rent may be high, but their prices are like STUPID. A little tie-die baby onsie was $35! RIP OFF!!!! Smoking materials (pipes, bongs) are just STUPID. GO to Trails instead, for the love of God..... Biggest rip off head shop in Arizona.
4	People were fantazmical.Goods were GREAT so many things to look at, touch and smell.The coolest tobacco items I've seen in my liiiife! Kindaaaaa pricey resulted in the deduction of a star.....!In a fun hip funkadelic area. Totally reminded me of San Diego!If you're distracted easily and have a hole burning through your pocket....you may not wanna go in...you'll splurge!I saw the most interesting vape in there..it resembled a Walky Talky and came in like 20 different colors.... I was so close to splurging..... :-)Have fun here!
1	OK this place is horrible.I went in 2 years ago and they wanted to sell me the smallest hookah they had that lights up for 50 bucks.  I looked at the chick like WTF, I know I look like the target for sellers but what the hell lady, nobodies that naive.  It looked like a give away at a Bar Mitzvah or Sweet Sixteen and it was made out of plastic.  It makes me outraged when I even tell the story.They have cool stuff ill give them that, but then you hear the price and its like 'thanks a heap' and then leave without anything or an overpriced blanket.It sucks to be ripped off.Recommendation:  For no one, go to the other half dozen smoke shop places around town.
3	This shops really cool if you just want to kill some time and look around. I wouldn't buy anything more than a bracelet or bumper sticker from them though. Everythings crazy overpriced. I suppose that they figure if you're a pothead going to ASU you'll just be using mommy and daddys credit card to get your shit anyways.I can't vouch for or against the smoke products but I can say that the prices look insane. The staff is pretty hit or miss. I've had friendly as well as unpleasant interactions. Again, great place to look around or kill time, but that's about it. Anything you can buy here, you can probably get at Happy Healthy High Horny a few stores down for way cheaper.
4	Hippie Gypsy is definitely one of the best places to hit up on Mill Ave. Whether you are just browsing, or you are actually looking to purchase something. It's dim lit and packed from wall to wall with all sorts of cool products (from incense and bumper stickers, to pipes and bongs). The atmosphere is soothing, and the staff are incredibly friendly and helpful. The only down side is the pricing, which is a bit expensive for the majority of the things they sell. However, I would for sure recommend Hippie Gypsy to anyone just looking to pass the time.
4	While I'm not much of a Hippie nor a Gypsy per se, I can't really comment on much of the items in this place used for...ahem...uh, "elevating one's conscience"?. However, I do like to Zen out and burn incense often and the Hippie Gypsy has the best selection of incense in town, they must have around 50 or so different kinds which is awesome and they're really inexpensive as well so I usually pick up around 20sticks for 2$.  The Hippies that work there are usually pretty cool too.
4	I've stopped into Hippie Gypsy numerous times since starting school at ASU. It's great for killing time and getting out of the heat, and ogling a lot of colorful, interesting pieces ("pieces" being both smoking paraphernalia and jewelry).The incense is fantastic, $1 for 10 sticks and about 25 different scents if you buy the "bag your own" bulk. The clothes are eh (maybe just because I do NOT dress anything like your typical stoner hippie, and they mainly have t-shirts and peasant skirts). They've got a lot of wall hangings and signs as well that are always fun to flip through.The glass art is my big draw. Having my ex be a glass blower at Chameleon Glass, I have a huge appreciation for unique pieces. Hippie Gypsy delivers. Lots of absolutely beautiful pieces, from bongs with tiger striped flames to pipes shaped like animals, and a good selection of Zongs as well. They also have a lot of glass and other types of jewelry as well that are pretty neat. The staff are super chill, they remembered me after several weeks and have even given me incense on the house - they only take cards if the purchase is over $5 and I spaced on that. I was pretty impressed when the guy told me not to worry about it - that would never happen at any of the big chain smoke shops around here.4 stars because it is definitely overpriced - I can't justify $50 for a one-hitter (no matter what fabulous local artist it's from) or $30 for a peasant skirt. They cater to the ASU party crowd running around with daddy's credit card, plainly. I would recommend them for incense, jewelry, and trinkets. Overall a fun place though.
3	A fun place to go with very friendly staff. Definitely attracts an alternative crowd!
2	I just called to find out if they have incense smoking bottles and the hangers. I then wanted to know the price and was told, "We don't do pricing over the phone but our prices are very reasonable." Well, they are usually a little higher than other places. Also, I live in the West Valley and don't want to drive to Tempe from here if the price is too much. You may have just lost my business with your lack of customer service.
4	I love this place! I love everything. It makes me feel like I was born in the wrong decade. There is always incense burning and classic rock playing and I always sing along to the music when I go in there. They have awesome clothes, accessories, games, incense, blankets, everything. I even love all the intricate pipes, don't judge. Remember, all of the pipes are for tobacco use only, even the ones covered in pot leafs.The service is great, everyone there is so welcoming and friendly. Probably because they are either hippies or completely stoned, maybe both.My only complaint about Hippie Gypsy is the prices! I mean yeah, it's right on Mill Ave, and they want to attract tourists and what not, but seriously?? It's ridiculous. I have only ever bought a few things there but if they were  cheaper then I would have so much of their stuff. All in all Hippie Gypsy is just a cool place to look around, I buy incense there because it's the one thing that's cheap. But maybe one day if I am ever rich, I will stop by and buy something cool.
5	We don't usually go to places like this but when we did last weekend we were impressed. The employees, especially Julia I think her name was, were really helpful and friendly! I felt like the place was being run by friends who were there to help us out. They got us what we came for and then some. We drove from Glendale to get what we needed and they really helped us out. Thank you so much, Julia! :D
4	I was looking for an item that they didn't have in stock but I just had to write to say how pleasant and awesomely genuine these employees were in trying to find what I wanted. I didn't end up buying anything but I'd like to say when it comes to making customers feel comfortable they were great.
3	Lots of containers and vessles for your weed, clothing made from weed, signs and posters with weed topics.  This is your familiar college town head shop.  Nothing has changed.
3	It's basically Trails without the guilt of funding a larger, more soulless business. They don't overcharge AS MUCH, and they have a better selection of hippie clothes, INCENSE (more than just Nag Champa!), and glassware. I'm not so sure the staff have expert opinions on their products, but at the same time I don't think the sort of clientele shuffling in really needs it.There's a tip jar with the sole purpose of getting employees sloshed at a local brewery at the end of the month, and they openly admit this. I fully support this cause, and believe that we as a society should expand this practice. The Hippie Gypsy, with a vaguely mystic and antiquated style was a vaguely good place to shop.
4	Hubby and I wandered into Hippie Gypsy on a pretty Sunday afternoon and WOW....hippie overload (in a good way). We are not the usual customers in this sort of store, being older and not um...bong-buyers, but they had the Iraqi scarves my husband was looking for and some really great clothes, purses and backpacks.  This is a great little store that will take any child of the 70's back to the days of Jimi Hendrix posters on the wall and burning incense.  So fun!The young man working at the store (I really wish I'd gotten his name) offered my husband a free cigar when he noticed the Marine Corps emblem on his shirt.  Turns out the young man was a Marine himself and I watched these two very different men, decades between them,  talk about their experiences in a way only those who have served can understand.  He took the time to thank my husband for his service and I just wanted to take a moment to thank him for making our day.
4	I love this place.  Sometimes when you go into a shop like this and you don't dress like the every day hipster it can be a little annoying.  For you and the people working in the shops.  Here it doesn't matter, they're always super kick back and ready to help and educate anyone who pops in.  I imagine this is a good thing being right on Mill Ave.  They have a lot of awesome randomness which is something I enjoy after having a few cocktails, it makes perusing a lot more fun!  They always have really neat glass pieces, the sherlocks are what catch my eye.  Awesome place!
5	Love Hippie Gypsy! Cute clothes, that you wouldn't find in chain stores. Lots of tie dye, matchstick skirts, peasant tops, paisley designs, hats, etc. Stuff for guys, too. Yes, it's a smoke shop, but that's in the back of the store, so even if you're not into that there's plenty of unique jewelry, clothing, gifts, and fun stuff to look at. The staff is always super nice. One time we walked off and had gone a block down Mill, and saw one of the cashiers running down the street (barefoot! lol) to catch us because we'd left a piece to an incense burner on the counter. I thought that was going above & beyond. Always make it a point to stop in here when I'm browsing around Mill!
3	Not a bad place to browse around for a while. The staff is cheerful and relaxed. it's mostly geared for college kids, though.
