4	As far as Walmarts go, it's not the best but also not the worst I've seen. Produce section is decent. And they have a relatively large ethnic hair section.
3	This is a Super-Store and one of the better Wal-Marts. It's not as nice as the newer one in North Las Vegas that has the new look but it's large has a big selection and not as uhm.... "odd" as some Wal-Mart crowds can be.Sunday mornings seem to be the least busy.  My theory is a lot of people are in church and a lot are hung over and/or worked a night shift!Like most Wal-Marts help is hard to find if you need it so you can be one your own but that's hit or miss.  Checkout lines are always pretty long.  If there's less than 3 people with full carts in front of you, it's a good day!I usually make the pilgrimage to Wal-Mart about once a month for non-food items and cosmetics because they are significantly cheaper.  Kitchen pantry items are a little less at times but about the same as other store brands.  Meat, poultry and produce are sub-par so I stay away.  Dairy seems to be standard.I don't purchase liquor or cigarettes so I don't know how prices stack up.They used to be the cheapest by far for ammo but now they are always out.Good store for all the little household items you might need although that stuff can run up a bill!  In that regard, every bit as dangerous as a trip to Costco and you will need a couple of bills!
2	They usually have what I'm there to buy. They do not like it if you use coupons though. I have printed coupons using walmart's website and they do what they can not to accept them. You can only use about 8 coupons. I've had checkout ladies not scan all of them and I've had the self checkout not accept some. When you ask for help they say there isn't anything they can do. Yesterday I had a coupon for $2.00 off a bag of dry dog food and a coupon for buy 2 wet dog food get one free. The self checkout wouldn't accept the buy 2 get 1 free- I only use coupons because I'm poor and appreciate being able to - I asked the lady who watches self checkout to remove the 3 wet dog foods since their policy is to not override and she removed only 2 wet dog foods AND she removed the $2.00 off the dry food coupon! I didn't realize til I got home. They owe me $2.00 off my dry dog food AND the container of wet they charged me for and took out. If they don't want to accept coupons they shouldn't offer them on their website!
1	BEWARE IF THERE IS DAMAGED DONE TO YOUR VEHICLE BY ONE OF WAL-MART CARTS THEY WON'T TAKE RESPONSIBILITY !!!! I went inside to shop to come to a cart still stuck to my car.had DAMAGED to my front bumper so I went inside to speak to manager. She took pictures, I took pictures they had video recording of incident. But yet a multi billion dollar company CAN'T/NOR take responsibility. They gave me run around for 2 weeks.just to spend me a letter in mail.even with proof that it was THERE fault.and can't hire efficient employees to collect carts! BE CAREFUL WHERE you SPEND YOUR HARD EARNED MONEY.JUST TO COME OUT TO Your CAR DAMAGED! I understand Wal-Mart is a one stop shop.I refuse to shop there.and maybe you should too.I WILL gladly pay a little more gas and money on things I need for my home! Rather then give Wal-Mart company my money! Hopefully word of mouth is everything in this case.thank u for reading
