4	El Pollo Loco is a chain restaurant specializing is Mexican fast food. I've only had the roasted chicken combo, and it's great.  There are several sides you can get with the grilled chicken. If you go, ask for a coupon. Currently, they have a coupon deal with discounts starting at $1 all the way up to $3 off.  They punch the coupon after each visit, so as you return, the discounts get higher. First visit, $1 off, second $1.25 all the up to $3. Staff at the N 56th Street location are very friendly.
4	Great price on my BRC burritos. Too bad it closed last week. I'll have to go to Taco Bell to eat for $2 now.
4	It's still open! The review below is BS. The usual Crazy Chicken, hot, fresh and everything was good! Don't get me wrong, it's still fast food, but pretty healthy compared to the alternatives.
4	I love to eat here because it's as much or as little Mexican as I want it to be. I always get the grilled chicken meals. The chicken is seasoned deliciously and usually not dry- and if you like dark meat, the leg and thigh are juicy and delicious. For sides- if I'm feeling adventurous, I get the BBQ black beans and rice. If I'm wanting comfort food, I get the side salad and macaroni and cheese. No matter what, I tend to down the chicken in their green salsa- it's the best! You can eat the chicken on its own, or pull it off the bones and put it in the supplied tortillas with salsa and pico. While sitting in the drive through, I noticed you can see them pull your chicken off the grill, check the temperature then cut it up. That alone deserves a star, food safety at its best. -1 star because of this location's flaw- they always seem to get one thing wrong with my order. I should probably start checking more closely but usually if I'm picking up dinner to-go I'm in a hurry. It's not usually anything major- among my experiences (from most to least frequent): No salad dressing, no silverware, no salsa, missing chicken drumstick, missing side, extra quesadilla. I guess I came out ahead once! All in all, this is a good, fast, hearty option for lunch or dinner. You can get away with a pretty healthy meal if you pay attention, and won't be disappointed with the taste and quality.
5	For the person that said this location was closed, I am positive it's still open. I think you are thinking of the one on Ray and McClintock. Anyways, I know this isnt exactly fancy dining but I saw another person review it and I couldn't stand by and not have a word on this place. EPL is cheap and delicious, two things I love in a meal!!! Ive tried numerous items on the menu and almost all have been delightful. My favs are the pollo bowl with flour tortillas, the chicken tostada salad, and the chicken with a couple of sides. Their tortillas are really good, soft and warm. If you are going to get their sides, get either the pinto beans, mac and cheese, rice, or corn. I had the coleslaw a long time and remember it being dry and flavorless. Their churros are really good as well if you are looking for something cheap and sweet. Additionally, they have a salsa bar and all of the salsa's are very tasty. I especially love their house salsa and the verde avocado salsa. Other entree items that are good are the chicken taco's (though pretty greasy) and the green chili quesadilla. An item not worth getting: the classic chicken burrito. Kinda dry and sad. Haha. Anyways, if you have not tried EPL, you must!!! Its not at all like KFC and the food is fresh and delicious.
4	In the world of fast food (drive thrus) El Pollo Loco is one of the better choices in my opinion.  The food is less greasy and there's a salsa bar.  Need I say more?  I'll say it again: SALSA BAR.I'm not big and I don't need all the food in most combo meals so I made up my own.  I got couple drumbsticks ($1 menu) and a coleslaw.  Washed it down with the Cola on tap. I through down some pico de gallo with most bites and called it lunch. Exactly what I expected.  Chicken and coleslaw via the drive thru.I'll be driving thru again next time I need me some chicken.
1	This location has been closed.
4	Closed
