3	My first stop in Vegas the Baja Fresh in terminal D.  Why I thought it would be a good idea to take a cross country plane ride without any snacks, I'll never know.  Desperate to get my blood sugar up and thankful to be off the plane, I made a pit stop for a chicken burrito.I'm not familiar with the Baja Fresh chain, but this place wasn't bad.  The burrito was standard - rice and beans, grilled chicken, lettuce, tomato and cheese... I was disappointed that there wasn't any salsa or guac, but I don't think I really tasted it going down anyway.Also - I'm not sure if this is a west coast burrito thing, but on the east coast we have steamed tortillas not grilled.  The grilled was interesting and gave it a nice crispness, but it didn't really say "burrito" to me -- it was more a burrito wrap.
1	garbage!!!
4	After 8 hours of traveling this was a site for sore eyes...I had to eat here because corporate Baja closed all of the Chicagoland locations...I needed me a Chicken Baja Burritto.  It was good not great...I am use to the guy cooking in the back and me waiting 10 minutes for my food...this place is more of an assembly line and I understand that because speed of food is important when trying to catch your flight. It did take me 10 minutes to pay...owner kept yelling in back for an employee to ring me up.  I also heard owner on the phone talking to somebody, he said, "you need to pick this up...I serve fresh chicken not frozen!". Good to know that I was probably eating the frozen stuff. The green salsa was also very neon in color. It tasted good but was not there normal green salsa...I think he gave me the verde salad dressing.  I still poured it on...yum!!!  What a way to start out Vegas for breakfast...I feel like a winner already!!!
3	Slick & quick.I only had a taco & a churro, but both were just fine for an "on the go" snackfest...
4	Great food!!
2	This Baja Fresh.... WAS NOT GOOD....Only had whole beans at 5:30 pm????Airport restaraunts are usually sub-par but this was BLAH.
2	Fresh may be a bit of an overstatement. I got a veggie burrito which at most places cant be screwed up. Out of all my burrito experience, this as at the bottom. The rice was mushy and not ricey. The "hot" salsa had a nonexistent flavor and the whole thing was a floppy disappointment. I should have remembered the Quizno's around the corner.Maybe, if you are super hung over and all you need is a bad burrito, give it a shot. I (for any state I am in) will choose a delicious veggie sandwich from Quizno's instead.
2	It's airport food, but i was hoping Baja Fresh would taste like it did outside of the airport. I got the chicken burrito special and it tasted fresh, but was pretty bland. I probably should've gotten some hot sauce or something to give it some flavor. Now that I think of it...they didn't even offer me any salsa or anything! Boo.
3	Get a burrito and a soda. Stroll over to the huge glass windows on the left. Find a seat, theres plenty of 'em. Then watch planes land before yours takes off.  Super chill!
1	Heard of Food Safety?  Anyone?  I don't think the staff from this Baja Fresh have...The staff making the burrito for the lady ahead of me accidentally dropped some ingredients on the floor.  One of the staff quickly grabbed a broom, and everyone came out to help remove the rubber mats off the floor while she sweeps.  Ok, so far, yes?  Well, it's about to get gross.After sweeping and the rubber floor mats put back into place, I did not see any of the staff wash their hands or replaced the gloves that was used to handle the food earlier and the rubber floor mats.  Ok, here's the kicker...The staff who was cooking the beef inside said to the other staff, not to worry about it.  She'd only do it if someone saw it.  Do what?  Like, wash your hands and replace them white gloves that's used to handle the food that you serve to people?  Oh, ok then...  check please!That's just McNasty!
3	For being an eatery option in an airport this Baja is not bad by any means. It's definitely a better option than the hot dog place next door. So if you're going through D gates, this is a decent place to stop.For me the service was decent, but I'm also an airport employee. Discounts, holla!I had two chicken soft "Americano" tacos. Normally I'd opt for corn tortillas, but for some reason this Baja uses flour on tacos that are "Americano". The corn tortilla tacos come with disgusting cilantro. Oh how I hate cilantro.Overall, not a bad place for a Baja Fresh in an airport.
3	Definitely the best kept secret of terminal D, food-wise. Normally I'm not a fan of big chains - especially in airports. My past experiences with local Baja Sols have been all but pleasant, but given my options in LAS, Baja Sol is a winner.For $6 you can grab a veggie-filled burrito that's semi-healthy, and surprisingly filling - get out!Before we ventured into terminal D the food court options didn't include any item less than $9! And that was for a greasy, fat-filled grilled cheese.If you ask me, this was a steal for decent airport food. And you know as well as I do, decent airport food (for a reasonable cost!!) is incredibly hard to come by.
2	I guess you can't expect much from airport dining. If you HAVE to eat, this place is fine, I guess. Certainly nothing to brag about. It wasn't enjoyable or satisfying; it was just ... there.
3	Worked for me! It is Baja Fresh and it is nice to have a quick burrito made your way while you are waiting for a flight. The real problem, however, is there really is no where to sit down and enjoy the meal. All of the seating I saw in the general area was specific to the establishments it was attached to. There were some standing tables nearby but come on -- so very close to completely travel friendly and very far away. LAS needs to change this!
3	it was good. service was quick. the lady making the food was very efficient. not even writing anything down. i got the Baja special or whatever it was. it was decent. i wished they had a salsa bar though. i like their salsa bars. the food didn't give me any food poisoning so that's always a plus. had we known beforehand our flight was going to cancel, we may have just held of from eating here. but, at the time it was good. oh, and we were way too lazy and my feet hurt too much to walk over to popeyes.
2	Tasteless burrito. I'm not picky, but the food is not good. The 2nd star is only because the Churro is quite good.
2	Baja Fresh at the airport was ehh.  I ordered a chicken burrito with black beans and salsa.  I wasn't paying attention to the guy making it, so I missed the fact they he didn't add the salsa, ugh!  I reached my gate and was starving, couldn't wait to eat my burrito.  I bit into a dry mass of rice, chicken and beans.  The salsa was greatly missed and the rice was far from fresh.Service was quick, but then again, I was the only person eating burritos and 9:30am.  They didn't seem to care about me or their jobs at all, just going through the motions.I like other Baja Fresh location, but would suggest skipping this one.
4	I had the Pork carnita build my own burrito for my first meal at Baja. It turned out very good for me. Im a bit pickier when it comes to Mexican food ( with the last name being Hernandez I know Mexican food.) The rice was impressive since most places use a basic white rice to fill burritos. This one used a tomato sauce infused rice, just like mom and Grandma make so I was quite pleased. The kept it pretty simple, Carnitas, rice, beans, sour cream and a few veggies, stuff I grew up on so I will be def going back.
1	The food was very bland and overpriced. Don't eat here! (3/7/12)
3	I had one grilled fish taco and one crispy fish taco. They cooked them fresh for me. I thought they were a little small for what you paid but it is airport pricing. ID definitely recommend the grilled over the crispy.
1	Like most airport fast food this place is no different. Ordered a two shrimp taco combo, and they gave me two chicken tacos with nothing else. I found out when I walked to my gate so I ate it anyways, the chicken was dry and nasty. Watch what they make you!
3	Foods good but the employees aren't friendly and 3 out of the 5 working were rude when I was there.
4	My flight had been delayed and I was so hungry because I woke up late and didnt get top eat breakfast. I walked around the airport and spotted Baja Fresh. I thought sure I''ll give this place a try other people are sp it must be decent. The best breakfast burrito I have ever had. I didnt even remember that there was no meat in it because the flavour was just so good. Everytime I spot a Baja Fresh in an airport thats where I'm having breakfast from now on. 1 star off because the churro they have me was hard as a rock.
4	I walked up to Baja Fresh Express in Terminal D at 7am on a Monday morning. It was clean and there was one dude behind the counter. Being a daring eater, I grunt out my order: "Breakfast burrito, no meat." He says "Do you want papas (like on the menu) or do you want eggs, pico de gallo, beans and cheese?" I was all like 'yeah whatever you just said I want the second one." Homeboy totally hooked it up.  The tortilla was so huge the thing was triple wrapped. A couple hours later, I was floating home over the clouds in a burrito coma. Damn that place is absolutely clutch.
