5	I might be cheating by including this review. It's a stand-alone piece of art that a friend introduced me to last week, and I had never seen or heard of it. I was sad I'd never heard of it, as it's this big, beautiful masterwork right here in Charlotte.So basically, it's a giant head. It spins kind of randomly, wildly. It's made of stainless steel, and it's beautiful. The giant head is also a fountain, but like a silky, smooth kind of fountain. It made me want to fall down on the ground and go to sleep, listening to the water, watching the freaky head spinning on its axis. I have no idea who made it or why it's standing in a corporate office complex. There's a decent Thai restaurant nearby, too, that I'll review another time. I think the Giant Head would be a great location for a picnic or outdoor date or afternoon nap, or whatever you want.
5	This big giant head is not - to my knowledge - the same as the one from Third Rock.  It does not, at least to my eye, look anything like William Shatner.  Though it is allegedly a fountain, it does not always have water running, which can probably make it look a bit different - a head in a pond is different than a head in a fountain, right?What possessed Paychex (or whatever company before them) to put a monstrous, rotating metal head in front of the building, I will never know, but it is cool.  Even better is the fact that the head is made up of bunches of little platters.  Unfortunately, what looks like perhaps fifty tiny platters do not spin - only the larger "bundles" of platters (four or five of them).This means that the forehead and the nose can be pointing in different directions at times.  It seems to happen - roughly - every fifteen minutes or so, and the head points generally in compass points in relation to the building behind it, but it does not necessarily go around those points, stopping at each in order (like dealing a deck of cards).Instead, it seems to follow you.  We had an impromptu picnic, and the head pointed away from the building.  But when we were sitting on the steps, it turned to look at us, in a disjointed way.  Then we went to the side and it reconfigured (to its normal state) and looked in that direction.  Then we went back to the steps and it turned that way.  Eventually we got used to it, until we went to leave and the head turned and in its cross-plattered way, it turned to look at us, as if to ask us not to go.  That was a bit creepy.
5	One day, you're driving along Arrowood and then you spot, out of the corner of your eye, a glint...nay, a sparkle of gloriously metallic art. Standing proudly between office buildings in an innocuous office park. Holding ground firmly. A spectacle to be seen. Then....you drive closer. Drawn in by it's sheer oddity. BAM. It's a GIANT FREAKING HEAD. Now, for those of you with a running imagination, I say let it run. This thing is wonderful. Massive in scale. Easily 15 ft tall, reflecting all sources of light, resting atop a beautiful, flat fountain....and...it spins. It spins in different directions, in pieces, and somewhat at random. I'm not sure whether you call this art or a monument. Visit during the night hours to see it stoically standing guard before the Paychex building. The calm water of the fountain dribbles over the edge and makes a calming sound as the giant eyes stare off into the night sky. If you've ever seen large statues, seen movies like Prometheus or Lord of the Rings, or just have a wandering imagination, like me, you'll find this little dose of local flavor worth the drive. Take pictures! Cheers!
5	My darling and random husband told me one night at 10pm, "Honey, go put your shoes on. We're going to have an adventure." I was clueless about where we might be going, and all the better.I should preface this review by mentioning that I have an unhealthy obsession for obscenely large items (cue laughter and ridicule). I stalk websites about the Ryugyong Hotel, spend unholy amounts of time contemplating the possibilities of tsunamis sweeping me from my apartment to my doom...in Charlotte, and frequently gasp when I see empty swimming pools, coliseums or stadiums. I'm a strange one.So anyway, Ben drove us out to an office park, and my hopes of adventure were waning. Seriously, who has adventures in office parks? But then he turned into a parking lot and LO AND BEHOLD THERE WAS A GIANT METAL HEAD!I was deliriously excited! So happy! (Also a little freaked out, heart palpitations, and instant imaginations of a giant metal body resting beneath the earth...)Simultaneously whimsy-inducing and terrifying, we walked up to the glistening, enormous work of art and marveled at its construction, location and....just wondered why it was there.As Westley would say, "I've never seen its equal." And really, I haven't. I'm itching to get back there and feed my hunger for the oversized and just plain weird.
1	I was told there would be a giant metal head. There was no giant metal head. If you are expecting to see a giant, metal head, than go elsewhere for your giant metal head needs.Metalmorphosis does not deliver. It has been taken down.
4	The legend is true. There is a big giant head in Charlotte. With water spitting out of the mouth into an overflowing pool, it stands before you. Why it's there, nobody knows. While it doesn't spin like one of the legends may lead you to believe, the head is back after an apparent hiatus. i assume it returned to its alien planet to report all the boring observations made inside of the random business park where he resides. This would be a 5 star attraction if it were located anywhere with even a remotely interesting attraction nearby. It would be really cool uptown or maybe in Freedom Park. Why? It's just a head, you say. It's a marvelous head and i'm glad after months of asking, the wife finally agreed to stop by and see it with me. It's an easy 3 minute detour off of 485 on Arrowwood. So, if you're passing through, stop and check it out. If you feel so inclined to make a trip to see it, bring a lunch and sit in judgement from both the Giant Head and the eyes from the surrounding business windows.
5	I don't know what it is about the big giant head, but I love it.  (say it, go ahead.... that's what she said!)I moved to Charlotte last year, and this has been one of the silliest most random things that I love about Charlotte.  Yes, it sits in the middle of a business park.  Yes, it's ridiculously large (there's another one, go ahead...).  Is it worth the 5 min detour off of 485?  Absolutely.  When I moved last April, I heard that it was broken.  It didn't spin, it didn't spit, it just sat there.  Still interesting all the same.  But I went in July 2013 with a friend of mine, and Metalmorphosis learned how to spit!  He doesn't do anything else, but he does spit!  I always take my visitors here, who doesn't love a good random adventure that doesn't detour your plans at all??
5	Very cool art in the middle of a corporate park. My brother in Spain saw an article about it and was surprised I had never heard of it. We went to see it and while it doesn't move and there was no water coming out, it still is super cool!
4	Sure it is a giant metal head on an infinity pool.  Don't drive fifty miles out of the way but it is worth a detour.  On a sunny day it almost seems like it not really there.  It was not moving when I stopped by this time.  I hope that is not permanent.   That is a huge part of it.
4	It is good place to visit if you are near to this place or if you are driving through this place.very good and peaceful location.can easily spend 1 hour of evening time here peacefully.
4	I will echo the comments of everyone else. This was a pretty cool statue in the middle of an industrial park, although it technically is a fountain. I wouldn't go out of my way to see it but if you are in the area it's worth the stop.
5	Took a foreign friend who is obsessed with all things metal here and he loved it (as did I). It's peaceful and worth a visit to add to your collection of memorable photos.
