2	When you reserve a nonsmoking room it seems reasonable to me that when you arrive in your room that it would not smell like an ash tray. Not so with Extended Stay Deluxe. After a long afternoon of flight delays I arrived late in the evening to be greeted with a very smoky smelly room. The hotel staff rattled off the canned apology but basically offered take it or leave it. The room itself is very tired with stains on the carpet and sofa. It has been ridden hard and put up wet. There were(are) hairs left in the sink from a previous guest. How special. I will say the room is very large and well designed. It would be a good place for an extended stay. My choice was purely for price. It was the closest, cheapest room to my event.
4	Hotel is great value and very comfortable. Staff couldn't be more friendly and helpful. Very near many great eating places like Olive Garden and outback.The rooms have been remodeled in last few months and they are really great! NIce carpet and rooms.  We had a great stay.
5	I just completed an 18 month stay at this hotel for a work assignment and would recommend this hotel for anyone staying in the area. Great hotel for the price.Pros:1) Great staff. They great you with a welcome home every day and make you feel like family. Over the 18 months I met many members of the staff and all were very friendly and will spend time talking to you. Nice when you are away from home.2) Great rates. They have 3 rates-daily, weekly and monthly. I got the long term rate obviously3) Great rooms. Being one of the "old deluxe versions" there is a separate living room/kitchen area and a large bedroom area. There is a door between them and TVs in both rooms. The bed is extremely comfortable.4) Great Kitchen. There is a 4 burner stove, large oven, full fridge, large sink, eating supplies (plates, silverware, pots), microwave,sink and counter space. Much better that what other hotels call a kitchen (microwave and small fridge)5) Great area. Across the street are several chain restaurants if you do not want to use the kitchen. A mall is close. A great walking path is just up the street. 6) Something wrong with you room just call the front desk and they will fix it. The heater/AC in the bedroom because noisy and they replaced the unit for me.7) Outdoor pool and gas grill in the rear of the hotel.8) Recent upgrades like new sofa,bed cover, two types of pillows and the web site says more to come.Cons:Just one, the breakfast was not great but who needs it when you have a full kitchen
5	By far the best experience I've had with the Extended Stay brand. Nico is an awesome manager & the rest of the staff are nice and courteous. The rooms were clean. And cleaned weekly. I have a thing about trash rooms being stinky or hard to find and theirs was neither. I was super pleased with my stay here. Notice that I don't often review the extended stay hotels my job puts me up in. This one was just so great I couldn't NOT share.I definitely recommend staying here. In the other hand I do not recommend trying to leave the parking lot in a hurry. Traffic on Pineville-Matthews Rd is a bother.
