5	Love this place!!! Has everything for my puppy for cheap. :) A lot of creative stuff in this store.
1	HORRIBLE customer service. I don't expect a lot, but I think a hello and how can I help you is in order when spending over $100 on dog food. The price tag was missing off the shelf and the food wasn't ringing up, so the boy working decided to just come up with a random amount higher than all the other bags in that size/brand around it.  I shut that idea down quickly. I was the only one in the store looking around for products and not one person asked if I needed help. I will go back to my better mom and pop store that sells the same high end products. Its further but better than having to deal with horrible sales people.
3	I actually really love this place for my pit bull puppy, Abby but I'm confused as to if they sell all natural pet food. They say they do I believe but I recently read a story on CNN that said do not feed your dog any kind of jerky treats from China because a number of dogs have gotten sick. The symptoms were loss of appetite, sluggishness, diarrhea and even death. My dog was sick for a week and a half and I couldn't figure out why so I checked her jerky treats after reading  the story on CNN. The label on the treats said they were made in China. How can their food be "all natural" if it's made in China? Everything else I have gotten from this place has been wonderful, I get my dog food from here too. I still really love going to this place, I guess I have to start thoroughly reading the labels on the products I buy from this store.
4	We were greeted as soon as we entered the store to buy a collar for Bear, one of our 2 rescued Shar-Peis. the store was clean, the items well organized and the cashier was pleasant and asked us if we had found everything we needed. all in all , we like the store and will certainly be shopping here again
5	I've been going to this location since it opened a year or so ago. Awesome customer service and friendly staff. They carry Canidae dog food, which can be hard to find sometimes. Prices are pretty competitive.
4	This pet store is a little small, but they still carry a very good selection. Also, their staff are pretty friendly and willing to help. If you only care about the lowest price, then I suppose the big box stores will do. However I've come to depend on the higher quality service and the friendly atmosphere of this shop.
