5	I am a fan of most Latin cuisine, I was eager to try central american foods. When I moved here in 1997 I had seen this place on my way downtown thinking, wow looks kind of shady. About a year later, my husband said it would be worth it to at least try. I was glad he suggested it. We've been coming here for 10+ years now.The current interior is more of a restaurant than the previous decor which was very eclectic, they had murals painted on the walls, lattice partitions, fishnet hammocks strung up giving it a very "backyard of someones home" feel. A few years ago, the motel attached decided to renovate the exterior, and the owners of Salvadoreno took the opportunity to update their interior, now its tables and chairs, brown tones.The food has remained consistently delicious. Everything is fresh made. They have a variety of pupusas, filled corn tortilla pattys, from beans and cheese, loroco (native sprout), and the revuelta which is refried beans, cheese, and ground shredded pork (known as chicharron). The Plato Tipico is the Salvadoran typical plate, it combines a mix of the staples, a pice of grilled steak (carne asada), fried sweet plantain, a drier cheese similar to feta, a small lettuce tomato salad, and my favorite, casamiento, which is a rice and bean combo that is cooked together and is so tasty!Also on the menu are pollo asado, taquitos, carne asada plate, steak encebollado (with onions), seafood cocktails (coctel mariscos) and fresh drinks (aguas frescas) such as horchata (a rice water drink, with the addition of ground pumpkin seeds, ensalada, a chopped fruit punch drink, and various drinks on roatation. A variety of latin beers are also offered.Please check this place out, its in a bad hood, sure, but the cooking is like someones mom invited you over for dinner The staff is warm and friendly, and if you happen to be there on a night when a soccer game is on, it gets rowdy!
3	Food was solid. I had the typical plate which included a steak, tasted like top sirloin to me good flavor but steak was overcooked and tough. The rice and red beans was really good and I enjoyed the flour thick tortilla. The coleslaw was tasteless and I could have done without it. The papusa was good although other than a bit of cheese pretty similar to the tortilla. The grilled plantain tasted good but was dry. The pilesener beer hit the spot though. Chips were standard, salsa was bland but overall cannot complain for an $8.99 dinner and $3 beers. The inside although reminiscent of a old drug store, and probably was at some point had nicer table and chairs than I expected taking into account the location on Main St. and the scary little motel parking lot where it was situated. I am glad I tried it, but I wouldn't go out of my way to go here again with so many other places in LV to try.
5	Posted on my Facebook.Yet another incredible restaurant review...(drum roll please) Restaurant Salvadoreno on Main between Bonanza and Main (720 N. Main 702-385-3600). This local gem belongs to the family of one of my 7th grade boys. During my visit his father carefully explained the menu, trying to relate their offerings to familar American fair. I chose pupas (filed corn pancakes), platanos, and fried yuca. He also suggested the empanadas (chicken pies)...amazing. One word...yummy, even my picky South American hubby was digging into the to go boxes before I could plate our dinners. They have both eat in and to go dinning options.  Go and eat local @ Restaurant Salvadoreno!!!!!!
2	Eh.  Just eh.  The papusas are decent.  The chips and salsa have to have been store bought....and who the hell puts a "cell phone store" inside of a restaurant?  Hello, ghetto!
4	A very good spot to eat salvi food. We went to Amanecer first. But thats another deal. Come here instead Very well priced and good food. Will definately come back.
5	This is the original salvadorean restaurant, they have been around since 1989 and as far as i am concerned they are the best pupusas around.  Ive been to these other so called salvadorean restaurants and their pupusas dont even compare. If you want the best pupusas in town, go to Salvadoreno Restaurant.
5	My friend turned me on to this place a few years ago. We stopped by for lunch today and ate some pupusas. They were delicious! The prices are great and the service is awesome. I will definitely be back again;)
4	Very honest food, some of the best Salvadorian food in Las Vegas.This place has been around for a long time and with good reason. I went with a group and we got so much food. We tried a little bit of everything, but the pupusas were the most memorable. They were soft and warm and flavourful.I would recommend this restaurant to anyone looking to try Salvadorian food.
5	This was a bucket list item. I had hyped it up for months before we finally got there and it was everything I imagined and more. I would call it culinary theatrics at its best. Delicious, inventive, great service and just a 5 star experience. I wish I could say we'll be back but we'll see.
1	Oml this food tastes like crap!!!The waitress is so damn slow!!They should get someone faster!It is also in a really bad area!!The food is disgusting.Dont recommend it
4	Chicken and cheese pupusas and fried plantains  delicious. Everything is made to order so either order a head of time or be prepared to wait. The customer service is a bit sketchy but the food more than makes up for it. The masa is seasoned as well as the chicken filling. The portions are a nice size. The cole slaw is a bit spicy and may not be suitable for toddlers. This place will be our go to place for pupusas.
