3	I like to call the place the "better: Sushi restaurant....you know the one behind Maiko sushi. Although it is "better" than Maiko, it is still only an OK sushi place. But in my humble opinion it is the best sushi I have experienced on the west island. But there's a lot of debate on which sushi resto is better. I recommend trying both Maiko and Aikawa  and seeing for your self. But I still think Aikawa is better. /end ramble
5	One of my favourite spots to visit when I get back to Montreal. Their appetizers are phenomenally elaborate - and so, so tasty. Wait staff are really nice, and the service is great ... plus they usually have some really cool local art on the walls. I'd recommend their seaweed salad and just about all of their spicy rolls (and I'm not usually a spicy roll fan). Best part - the sushi is actually fresh.
1	This place used to be pretty good, but unfortunately, it is now mediocre, at best. Mediocre to the point that we feel we got robbed.The rice is completely tasteless, the avocado and mango we had in our rolls were not even ripe, one roll literally had a fish stick wrapped in rice, when they say a roll has crab in it, it's fake crab.The fish was not very fresh. One roll tasted like it had been frozen, and another one I nicknamed the "rice roll" because that's pretty much all it was. It was so bad that my wife and I both wished we went to Sushi Shop or Kanda instead, which are both not great. For a more upscale sushi place, this is absolutely unacceptable.We were so disappointed that we brought it up with the waitress who was very honest with us. She said that they got new chefs just 2 months ago. A 19 year old and a 23 year old who have absolutely no experience making sushi. She said they make the rice at the beginning of their shift which partly explains why it is so lousy. She admitted that they now get a lot of complaints about the quality of the food now. She seemed pretty fed up with the way the restaurant was now run and you can tell that she felt embarrassed about the whole experience they now offer.Not only is the food absolutely horrible now, it's also extremely overpriced. We ended up paying $130 for our meal and we're still not feeling satisfied. We rarely have to spend that much money to feel stuffed. Even if the sushi was good, the value you get at Aikawa is really bad. ~30% overpriced.Avoid at all cost. There are much better sushi places around there, including Tokyo (our favorite) and Maiko.
4	Much better than its neighbor in front. This establishment is your standard sushi restaurant with reasonable prices. Their food is very good and the atmosphere was relaxing. I would recommend this sushi rest.
4	Had dinner here with my brother and was pleasantly surprised.  We ordered the sushi platter for 3 (54 pieces) which was $60.  For me, I can eat endless amounts of sushi but find the AYCE places (Kanda) here to be low quality!!  Quality was quite good and presentation very nice.  One pet peeve is all of these new sushi places churn out sushi like robots but the presentation is missing!  One thing however is this place is a bit more on the expensive side but we're not in Vancouver or Toronto Toto!
3	Staff was very friendly. Waiter made us feel (by the way he talked about the dishes and the order of the meal) like we were in a high end fine dining restaurant, which was cool. The sushi was fresh, the plates were nicely presented and the taste was excellent (despite the mango not being ripe at all). The problem with Aikawa is that it is extraordinarily overpriced. After a $70 bill for 2 people (w/o drinks, plus tax and tip) we were both left utterly unsatisfied. I had to go for a burger on the way home just to feel like I ate a reasonable dinner. (By the way, I'm 5'10" and weigh just over 140lbs, so I have a very thin build.) Unfortunately, the value for the money just isn't there and to think that a satisfying dinner would have cost almost double means that we won't be back to Aikawa. 3 stars, largely carried by the taste and obvious freshness.
4	Nice selection of specialty rolls.  Fish is fresh, place is clean and the employees are very nice.
1	TERRIBLE! I went here recently, and although the hostess was amazing (and really sold the crap out of the restaurant) the chefs/waiters were really off their game tonight. The busboys were great though (and that is all I can say about it).The food is akin to Shogun (downtown Mtl), in terms of serving up fusion sushi. However, their waiter messed up my order and I had to wait over an 1hr and 1/2 for uncooked sushi rolls (which should take minimal time). THE RESTAURANT WAS ONLY HALF FULL! I had politely waited while the entire table received their meal and it seemed to the waiters that nothing was amiss. After waiting 30 minutes, I had to get up and ask a waiter to see where my meal was. He said, don't worry its coming, 2 minutes. I sat there (quietly fuming for another 30 minutes), and I had to ask again. I have to say it was quite embarrassing to wait while everyone at the table finished their meals. Needless to say, after arriving at the restaurant at 7pm and ordering by 7:30 PM, my meal arrived FINALLY at 8:45 PM. (THIS IS AN UNCOOKED MEAL, IT'S A MATTER OF ASSEMBLING AND CUTTING UP SOME RAW FISH) The sushi was terrible and the waiter refused to compensate me for my meal. They did however offer a free drink (after 1hr of waiting, at that point, I was too PO'd to accept).Although their rolls were creative (an obvious knock-off of Shogun from Downtown), the quality was poor and the service was EXTREMELY POOR. For a $50, I could have easily gone to Maiko (3 storefronts away) and gotten better sushi and service. Or even BETTER, go downtown and get EVEN BETTER SUSHI.
4	I was really surprised by this place! Wasn't expecting much frankly.  Aikawa has the same owners as Sho-Dan and offers more of a down-to-earth atmosphere while keeping the same quality in their sushis.  I went there for a take-out and was pleasantly greeted and served by their host.  She has been able to ask the kitchen to accommodate my requests without charging me extra and gave useful advices on how I should order while maximizing the amount of sushis I can get for the same price.  The sushis came in a high-quality circular take-out box and was presented very nicely.  The choices were creative and flavorful.  But i must admit that it was a little pricey as well but all worth it!
2	I discovered Aikawa several years ago when (I think) it was at the height of its success. The food was excellent no matter what you ordered - full of flavour and lightness, not to mention that their presentations were spectacular. Back then, Aikawa was owned by the same folk who owned the downtown Sho-Dan. I went back to Aikawa recently after a pretty long hiatus and was disappointed with my overall experience. Now, my waiter was very friendly and helpful, making recommendations and topping off my water frequently. But this is where the awesomeness ends. I ordered a variety of sushi and expected to savour unique flavours given my diverse selections; to play it safe, I also ordered some of my favorite specialty rolls because these had never disappointed me in the past.  Frankly, I was pretty unimpressed with my meal as a whole. It is not an exaggeration to say that every single one of my selections tasted exactly the same - bland. Nothing differentiated the different fishes from each other. Even rolls that were allegedly spicy had absolutely no bite to them. The waiter offered to 'spice up' my mayo (Really? They don't even make their own spicy concoctions?) but after two attempts, I told him to forget about it. After discussing the blandness of the food with the waiter, I found out that Aikawa had been sold (I'm not sure if Sho-Dan was also bought out). Ah, that explains everything. Given my disappointment, the waiter kindly offered us dessert on the house, for which we were grateful, but it did not impress and took about 30 minutes to get.Aikawa is not cheap, and for the prices that they charge, I would expect superior quality which sadly, is not the case. For a similiar price, you will have a much better experience at Mikado in NDG, or even Maiko on Sources.
4	We love it here! This is our go-to when we are craving a near-by sushi place. The sushi is very good and the service is awesome. For me, the only downside is the take-out. I picked up for take-out twice, and each time my portions for the teriyaki were cut in half (yet the dish was the same price). Other than that, great place.
5	The food, quality, presentation and service were excellent!
1	I mentioned in my last review that I've had problems with my takeout orders in the past . I had some friends over last weekend and after a few drinks we were very hungry. I was delighted to find out that Aikawa delivers! We called and were told that the delivery fee would be $10.00. I wasn't pleased with this, but we figured what the hell (we are less than 10 minutes away by car). I mentioned to the person there that I had been having trouble with pick-up and asked that she please get my order correct this time, since we couldn't go back to fix it (we were in no condition to drive). Our food showed up almost an hour later and they got my order wrong...again. Instead of tofu teriyaki, they came with the tofu appetizer. Normally this wouldn't be a big deal but it was the THIRD time that they've screwed up my order. I called back and was told that the kitchen was closed and there was nothing they could do. The girl was very apologetic and nice and told me her manager would call me back on Tuesday (Monday was a holiday). I never received a call. Not pleased.
2	I really really wanted to like this place.As soon as you walk in, your like "damn, its a nice place". However, the sushi is your typical fried fare and does not compare to rival "Maiko" directly across the parking lot.
5	This is the best sushi place in DDO and West Island area! Sushi's are so delicious! The service is great! The design of the restaurant, the atmosphere! Everything about Aikawa is great! This the place where you can enjoy the best sushi's and best cocktails! Besame mucho are unique and melting in your mouth! You can not find those in any other place  in Montreal. I love sea food in general and sushi especially and consider myself as a conneseur of sea food. I can say that this place deserves two thumbs up! It's fresh! It's different! It's delicious! It has the best combinations! It's appealing! It tempts you! It gives you that happy feeling after the meal! You not only consume the food, you really enjoy every bite of it! And when you are sitting in front of the menu and try to make your choices, you are tempting yourself to take everything! That's how much delicious all the sushi's are there! Don't hesitate guys.  Come and try it yourself and you'll never forget this experience at Aikawa! Enjoy sushi and the time spent in this the most warm and elegant Japanese restaurant!
5	I have only ever been here for lunch, and it's ALWAYS busy. For example, today... it's training out. It's crappy. When I left at 1pm, there was a lineup AND people standing outside IN THE RAIN waiting to get in the lineup inside. Crazy, the food is just amazing, nom nom :DFish is fresh, rolls are really good and HUGE and yes, you will spend more than you usually do for maki elsewhere. To me, it's worth it because I always leave full and the flavours are rounded out in each roll so that you're not craving something else when you leave.I have had the spicy salmon/tuna, Kamakazi roll (amazing, and has a house 'french' sauce on the plate that's sweet with a bit of chilli pepper or something). I've also ordered the salmon skin roll which I loved. The Dynamite roll is massive. It's a two biter for sure (and I know that's wrong). but it's so big in your mouth (insert joke here) that you almost choke (insert other joke here).  They also bring the little bottle of japanese chili pepper to your table which is AWESOME. When I make maki at home, I always put the chili pepper stuff in my mayo. They earn extra bonus points from me for that :) My friend and I ordered three rolls today: Dynamite, Salmon Skin and Kamakazi with edemame and the total was $43 with tax. A little pricey yes, but I didn't leave hungry. The service was incredible at lunch. It is probably, the best sushi in west island, Montreal. My favorites are bessame mucho sushi. It is a place that deserves a try. Everything is good, it is clean, big enough, service is good, people are nice and friendly. 5 stars go to Aikawa. Greatest sushi in DDO.
