5	I have been coming to this lounge for at least 8 years and I never knew what it's name was.  So on this trip I asked and finally I have the opportunity to write a review.LOVE LOVE LOVE this lounge.  It is at the entrance of the restaurant area of the Mandalay so it's super easy to get to and use prior or after a dinner reservation.  There is no cover charge although there is a 2 drink minimum.  They always have live bands and they differ, but I have never been disappointed.There is plenty of seating and the cocktail servers are always friendly and fun.  There is a dance floor and they encourage the use of it.  If you go here often you will meet the regulars and they are a lot of fun to hang out with.  One gent comes here every Saturday, Sunday, Monday - grabs a front seat and dances through most of the sets.  He collects guitar picks and can tell who each one is from.  I haven't asked him his age, but I'm giving him a high 70's early 80's and he's ADORABLE.  I always get up and dance with him.If you a cigar smoker, bring it on.  There is a great little Davidoff cigar shop a short walk away and you can smoke it here, add a Cognac and you're set.Ladies this is a great place to have some drinks, listen to music and dance the night away without having to stand around.  You can sit and relax in between dances and remember what going out used to be like.TIP:  If you are only going to the lounge go park at The Hotel valet, this is the closest to the lounge.
4	Good sushi in a really nice place.Eel and California rolls were good. I expected something more from salmon roll  which was quite flat. If you choose to go on happy hour (2-5pm) the price (on selected dishes) is really fantastic.
4	i used to go to vegas twice a year...sadly, school and two-three jobs made it difficult to do that for the last four years...however, i finally got to go on a vacay...to vegas we went!!!i have done the clubbing, the shopping, the gambling...all i wanted to do was chill, eat, and drink...this bar was right in the Mandalay which is where we were staying...it's a bit pricey...however, the staff is super nice and friendly.tip well and they take care of you...it was so sad to see people ordering drinks from them...and then they would leave change for their tip...like actual COINS!wtf?!there are live bands that play there...and because it is a tad bit of an older crowd...it is so entertaining to watch the dancingyou'll inevitably see an old guy creepily dancing by himself...or older couples bumping and grinding...LOVE IT!
1	If you want to get ripped off on sushi come here.  If you appear drunk they will try to under serve your sushi. The difference between 3 and 5 pieces is huge prices wise. When you tell the manger she looks at you like you asked her the square root of something so don't bother.
4	This was a great spot for dinner! Not only was the sushi pretty good- but there was live entertainment. My group was super happy to find this cool little spot.Fish tasted fresh and servers were attentive. We didn't have anything fancy- just basic rolls:California RollSpicy TunaAlbacore NIgiriAll were absolutely prepared to perfection and hit the spot ;-)
5	I go to Vegas on and off through out the year I would never ever miss coming here.  This is the best secret in Vegas.  If you are Lucky enough that a band called the  Phoenix  is playing you are in for a night of fun fun fun.  The cocktail waitress are super nice and friendly.  The crowd is a mix of locals, hotel guests, and people like me who know from many previous trips what a wonderful club/lounge this is.  I have been to the big boy clubs and if  you are into watching peacocks go for it.  If you are like me I love a good cocktail hot classic rock n roll and to dance my butt off all night long join me here for one hell of a good nite!
1	4 of us stopped there on a Monday evening at 6:30.  The band had not yet started playing, and there were still several open tables.  After about 10 minutes without being acknowledged, we got up and talked to one of the servers, who said "I'll be right there".  After waiting for 23 minutes, we decided that we would have to leave and not have time for a quick drink.  We stopped by to talk to the manager, who simply said "I have two girls working the floor, they'll get there as fast as they can", and then he turned away from us to talk to one of his co-workers.Not a good experience at all, no acknowledgement, no apology.  What should he have done?  Ask us to sit back down, and that he would personally take our order and provide a free appetizer for us to enjoy while we started drinking for the night.
3	Some excellent music acts play the lounge.  Last night we went for a band we like. They were supposed to start at 10:30.  They didn't start until 11:15.  Very disappointed due to the fact, it's kinda boring sitting 45 minutes waiting with no entertainment.  Our server was great but noticed that many servers just stood around talking to each other instead of working the tables
5	Located in Mandalay Bay Hotel Casino on the Famous Las Vegas Strip. This a no cover two drink minimum lounge with free live music and a spacious dance floor. It is open to the casino floor so it is not stuffy at all and even if people are smoking it is not terrible. The cocktail servers are very friendly as well. Pop in after dinner for what is to sure a great live act. Live it up you are in Las Vegas for cryin' out loud!
