5	I stumbled upon Belly Bliss by pure fate while having a routine ultrasound at Desert Perinatal. A big pink circular card sat in front of me at my doctor's check-in touting some of the most delectable spa services- everything from facials and waxing to full body massage and reflexology.  The best part? All of these services were specifically designed for the pregnant woman. That's right ladies--no more getting notes from your doctor to have those kinks worked out of your lower back while you're pregnant. At Belly Bliss you're in special hands (magical hands!) that know exactly what the prenatal body can safely handle while giving you the full relaxing experience. My first experience at Belly Bliss was called Lighten Up: 30-minute quickie session on my lunch hour that focused on my feet and legs. Rosemarie Arroyo did wonders to my limbs (they don't mention that your arms also get a nice rub down) and I thoroughly enjoyed the hot towel behind my neck and refreshing eye mask. It's a soothing sensory experience with hot and cold (hot behind your neck, hot towels on your legs, cool eye mask and crisp cool room--this is Vegas after all!) and enchanting fragrances from their Mama Mia product line. I was hooked--there was only one problem--30 minutes was NOT enough time. I wanted more, more, more...I decided that my second experience should be a whole experience so I signed up for the Girls Getaway--a 90-minute full body massage. I was so impressed by the use of different supports on the table--it's the first time I've been truly comfortable in months. The massage table itself was also great because it had the ability to elevate your head and feet or put you on a slight incline (as was done with me during the first part to help with swelling feet!) As for the massage part, I was with Rosemarie again, and it was heavenly. She started by brushing my skin (I'm going to see if I can get my husband to do this now it felt so good!!) and then worked on some of my problem areas gently but effectively loosening the knots in my back. My legs, arms, belly (body butter on the belly is GOOD) and face also got part of the action this time and I walked out of there feeling like a completely new person.  I am clearly in love with Belly Bliss--the services I've had have been nothing short of wonderful and I am also wooed by their fabulous shopping area. They stock some of the best mother/baby products out there and find myself having to resist so many of the wonderful products I want to take home with me--although this last time I came home with some adorable swaddle blankets!I have a feeling I'll be going to Belly Bliss for services and products long after this baby arrives... I'm hooked!!** I have since been back to Belly Bliss twice and have not been disappointed. Their stellar staff, charming boutique and indulgent spa services get the best of me every time. They've also got their Web site up now: http://www.bellyblisslasvegas.com/. Three words: worth every penny!
5	My wife received a session at Belly Bliss as a shower gift and I have to say it was by far the best gift she received.Her discomfort in her third trimester was notable and nothing was alleviating her situation. I took her personally to her appointment and was stunned by the attentive staff and the downright swanky and stylish environment. I actually Christmas shopped for her in their boutique and was made to feel quite welcome in a place that had way too much estrogen for my comfort level. Her experience was beyond her expectations and our baby who was transverse prior, two days later no longer was. No claims as to whether or not they had anything to do with it, but my wife swears it had an impact.If you are a man with an expectant mother in your life, get them a session, package, whatever at Belly Bliss. You will be considered a hero, savior and downright good guy.
5	I've been looking for a place to spoil myself and Belly Bliss was the place to be!  Thank you Yelp for sending me their way!Belly Bliss is a combination of things - a boutique store for mamas-to-be (and future dads), a spa, and offers classes and groups that are related to pregnancy and babies.Recently, I went specifically to experience their spa services.  Taking advantage of their seasonal specials, I got the Joyful Package for $170.  It consisted of a 60 minute "Girls Getaway" massage and a 90 minute signature "Body in Balance" facial treatment.  Joann M. was my massage therapist and Margo S. was my aesthetician.  Because this place specializes in working with pregnant woman, they make every attempt to make sure that you are comfortable during all your treatments.  Tables easily adjust for the head and body and plenty of pillows and supports are available for your comfort.  Both were professional and friendly and you get the feeling they both really enjoy working with all their pregnant clients. (Margo told me to come back again and bring the baby!)  Sure, there are plenty of spas in town that offer prenatal massage, but you end up paying an upcharge to use their facilities.  When in actuality, most pregnant women are discouraged from using the jacuzzi, steam room, sauna, etc.  So you end up feeling a bit short changed when all you wanted was some personal body work done.  Belly Bliss gives you just that without all the frills.  They only have a few treatments rooms available, so it shouldn't be crowded when you go.Once your treatment is done, you can help yourself to their little snack bar where you can fill a take out box full of pretzels, goldfish crackers, lollipops, and raisins.  Plenty of spa water and apples are available too.Getting treatments done on Tuesdays also gives you 10% off your spa services!  Sweet!  Apparently, free eyebrow waxes and foot massages are available on Tuesdays as well.  Call ahead to confirm and make reservations! You can't help but take a look through their store on your way out.  So many cool and useful items are available for you to check out and purchase.  It can be a bit dangerous actually!Belly Bliss is located on the 2nd floor of the Desert Perinatal Associates office, so doctors are only a few steps away if you're really concerned about anything.Classes include Breastfeeding, Yoga (Pre and Postnatal), Newborn Care and Immunization, Baby Massage, How to Select a Childcare Facility, and Childbirth Education.  Medela breast pumps are available for rental too! They also have party rental space if you want to plan a baby shower or private party at their facility.Gift certificates are available and any pregnant girl would be happy to receive a service from Belly Bliss!  Husbands, boyfriends, fathers, partners, friends - check this place out and give a great gift for a future mama! I've been looking over their other spa services and can't wait to book another!
5	I had a massage and facial just before delivering my baby and I highly recommend Belly Bliss for all moms- pregnant or not!  The atmosphere is beautiful and peaceful and the staff is very accommodating and friendly.First I had a facial with Zana.  She is so sweet and gentle, it was very relaxing and left my skin feeling awesome.Then I had a massage with Rosemary, she has that magic touch! She is a very good at making a 9-months-pregnant lady as comfortable as possible.  She also showed me the pressure points to naturally induce labor.I also love the Mommy and Baby Yoga with Jennifer on Wednesdays.  Jennifer is an awesome instructor and it's so nice to be able to bring my little ones with me!  My 2 year old likes to join in the workout (sometimes) as well.
5	A spa for Preggos that is owned by Doctors can you get better than that? Oh you can, because they have classes in yoga and lactation.  All around a sliver of bliss.
5	I had a facial with Zana and a 75 minute massage with Rosemarie on 5/7/11.  All I can say is wow!  I've had a handful of facials in my life.  I always enjoy the feeling of a facial, but I have never noticed such a difference in my skin.  I have no idea what Zana did to my face, but I have never experienced my skin this smooth and soft.  I am in shock because I take terrible care of my skin!  I even sleep in my makeup every night and it has been well over a week and my skin still feels awesome.  The massage was one of the best I've ever had, and I myself am a massage therapist!  I am very picky and was just expecting to relax but Rosemarie is truly an expert and gave me a wonderful massage.  I was so excited to get to use the pregnancy pads and lay on my tummy safely!  That in itself felt amazing!  I am excited to go back to Belly Bliss.
5	Great place for a prenatal massage.  The facials are as good as any high end spa, I've had facials done at many high end hotels, and the facial here is just as great!  The technician really knows her stuff.  I have super sensitive skin and am always worried when I get a facial because some of the chemicals can be very harsh...when I left, my face was literally glowing and felt so refreshed.  The technician was really keen into listening about my problem areas and my type of skin and customized the facial to work with me.The staff is great, most of them have been pregnant before, even one is currently pregnant (she did my massage), so they really know how to treat pregnant women here.  I've already done 2 massages and facials in the past 2 months and just signed up for some more next month!
5	While visiting a friend in Vegas, I searched high and low for a spa that would do a DECENT prenatal massage. Even my friend that has lived in Vegas her whole life had a hard time finding a good place. Most of the casinos had prenatal massages available of course but they wanted to do it with me on my side and if you've ever had a massage like that, you know how much it sucks! I had exhausted my resources searching on Google and then I remembered Yelp! I searched prenatal massage and after reading all of the good reviews on this place, I decided to give it a try. The staff was super friendly but because it was last minute, they could only fit me in for a 30 min massage, so I splurged on a 90-min facial as well.  Both were AMAZING. I've never had a massage that short that was so effective. The masseuse didn't just give me a club rub, she actually went a little deeper (because I asked) and worked out some kinks in my shoulders and upper back. The other super awesome thing was that they had a special pillow with a cut-out for your belly that allows you to lay on your stomach. The facial was super relaxing and it included eyebrow, lip-hair maintenance (not that I needed any of course....;-) ), and they even do eyebrow tint if you want it. Part of the facial comes with a good neck massage and a foot massage. I left the spa super relaxed and ready to take my little pregnant butt out on the strip! PS. At the time of my appt, I was 22 weeks. The prices were very reasonable and I want to say that my two hours at the spa only cost $145. A good price for Vegas and wayyyyy better than paying an arm and a leg for something sub-par at a casino spa.
5	If a business name is reflective of the services they offer, then Belly Bliss definitely lives up to its name. I'm eight months pregnant and experience all the joys that come along with pregnancy including back pains, swollen hands and feet, leg cramps, etc. When I saw a Living Social offer for a prenatal massage, I quickly snagged that deal after reading all the glowing reviews on Yelp.The spa is on the second floor of Desert Perinatal Associates. The ladies who work the reception area are very welcoming. There is a boutique, a room where they hold classes such as prenatal yoga, and the treatment rooms. They offer a snack bar with yummy munchies and cucumber water. (This amenity was much appreciated because I was starving after my massage.) Shannelle was my massage therapist and she made me feel comfortable right away. The massage table had a special pillow with a cut out for my belly and my breasts. The simple act of lying down on my stomach was totally worth every penny! Shannelle focused on my lower back because that has been giving me the most problems and provided just the right amount of pressure. The massage table was really cool and high tech. It was like a hospital bed that could adjust up and down. I had a full body massage and felt like I went to heaven. I had never been so relaxed in my life. Other places offer prenatal massages but they have you lie on your side. I loved that I was able to lie on my stomach and then on my back to get the full effect of a massage.I absolutely am in love with Belly Bliss. The spa is tailored for pregnant women and new moms. They offer merchandise and classes for the whole family including breastfeeding and childbirth classes. I'd love to take advantage of their other treatments and have already purchased a certificate for a future massage!
3	had a nice massage here - only wish that the rooms were carpeted... you could hear every move of the masseuse taking me out of the relaxed state...
5	I've been going to Belly Bliss since I was pregnant with my daughter 2 years ago. My first experience was with RoseMarie  who was awesome! I say was because she has moved on to become a lactation consultant. I had some of the best facials with Zana who was amazing, unfortunately she also has moved on. I have not had the time to try anyone else and honestly I've been a bit hesitant...Only because I really would hate to be disappointed by my favorite place. I wish they have Pedicures as well...sigh.  The staff has always been kind and helpful and I really enjoyed being able to look around  at baby boutique.
5	For Mother's Day this year, Belly Bliss had a special deal for a Prenatal Mamma Mio Massage Treatment (75 minutes) and a Quickie Facial (55 minutes) for $115 or 120 bucks? My husband surprised me with a gift card and I made an appointment for this past Friday. I've been downstairs to the Desert Perinatal Associates Office but never upstairs. When you walk into Belly Bliss you see a bunch of cute merchandise. I was checked in and had to fill out paperwork since I was a new client. I had some time to walk around and look at all the cute things that they offer from vegan nailpolish to diaper bags, you definitely can find something cute in there. Allison was my massage therapist. I didn't know what to expect since it was my first massage ever. She told me she had a stronger massage technique than most and to let her know if she needed to ease up. Strong is what I needed with all of the aches and pains of sitting at an office job all day and carrying extra weight. I had picked the Mellow Mama and it really was a head to toe massage treatment.  I found it really easy to talk to her and we were able to bond over our similar life experiences. Afterwards she took me to the snack bar for some water and snacks if I wished to have some snacks. Tessa was the lucky one assigned to do my facial. The facial left my dry skin feeling very moisturized and she ended up massaging my arms and my shoulders as well. She was efficient but good at what she did. Overall, I think I am a bigger fan of the massage treatment only because my face isn't achy but my body is aching every where! This might be the best thing for a pregnant lady and I definitely recommend this to everyone who's pregnant. I left here feeling relaxed and satisfied. My feet which I think normally look like sausages by the end of the day actually looked normal!  I would definitely save my pennies and nickels to come and get some kind of treatment here from now on.
5	I can't even tell you how much I love this place.  Fantastic selection of merchandise, awesome sales and super staff.  I look forward to going long after my kids are grown.
5	Environment is calm and collective. Employees are helpful and my massage was awesome!! Will definitely come back!
5	So thankful to have found this place through Google. GREAT MASSAGE.  Perfect for my growing belly.  Already signed up for my 2nd massage and their pre-natal yoga class.
5	I went here for a prenatal massage about three years ago and I can't wait to return for regular massages and beauty services now that I am a mother of two. Great location!
5	Wonderful place! I did prenatal yoga between my 30-40 weeks in place of Zumba. It was s great way to increase your heart rate in a safe way.
3	This place Is a little heaven for pregnant woman. As soon as you step foot in the place it is as if you entered a small retreat celebrating babies and bellies. They offer many different massages that target pregnancy needs. I never retrieved any pampering services because they are very pricy. I went to massage envy had a prenatal masseuse for half the price. This is why I gave it 3 stars. Belly Bliss should be aware that the clients comb through the door are getting ready to stray families and cost should be something that is reachable. As I said Before I received 2 massages for the price of one at Belly Bliss. The boutique has much you look at with some great ideas of things to purchase. Chewable necklaces??? Awesome! I took there prenatal yoga classes and they are great. The room is small and comfortably can fit up ton 10 woman plus instructor. The only draw back is the class schedule. Yoga I only offered a few times a week and the majority are in the morning. For working moms this limits you to only Wednesdays in the evening (I think 5:30). The classes are a good price (5 for $30) or $8 per class. They also have post birth classes yoga with your baby. A way to meet moms in the area. Last I forgot to mention the snack bar! There is a free snack bar with yummy and healthy goodies. And yes it's free!
5	As a doula in the Valley I go into quite a few Doc's offices. It is always a wonderful experience to go to visits with my clients at Desert Perinatal. The staff is courteous, the nurses are wonderful, and the docs? The best in the valley at what they do. Period. End of story. ALL of the docs there are awesome, and rest assured, the care you receive will be top shelf. If you find yourself in a high risk pregnancy, DPA is the place to go!
5	Oh my god! This place is a little slice of heaven!! Booked a spa package called pampered mama which consisted of the mellow mama and girls getaway facial. The massage was 75 mins while the facial was 55 mins. My first thoughts upon arriving was that it was a cute little place! I really love that they have a bunch of baby stuff that you can look at while you wait to get your treatment. I filled out a quick piece of paper and as I was doing so a bunch of moms and their little babies arrived! Over heard that they were there for a mommy and me yoga class! Honestly seems like so much fun and it sounds quite inexpensive, somewhere around $20-30 per month! Once my masseuse came out to call me she introduced herself, but sadly I cannot remember her name. Ugh I swear pregnancy brain has gotten the best of me =\. Anyway she brought me into the room and showed me how the table works. I thought the table was pretty cool, it moves up and down. & also has a special pillow that allows you to face down no matter how many weeks you are! So the massage starts and wow she uses a lot of pressure! This works out great for me though since I have a ton of knots! To shorten it up her hands were AMAZING! I mean it felt as if she had a ton of hands working on me all at once! Easy to say I will be back for more massages!!As for the facial it was a great way to end my spa day! I clicked instantly with the esthetician, she was so kind and overall fun to talk to! I was relieved to hear that my skin is in good condition (I've had bad acne for most of my life). Anyway she used all types of products and they smelt soooo goood! I don't even know what they were but I would love to pick some up or go back for another facial! Favorite part about this spa you wonder? Well I LOVE the fact that they do not push any products on you! From past experiences people have pushed a bunch of useless stuff on me which has made me awkwardly say no.. I don't know if I can get another pregnancy massage but I do want to come back for their hot mama package!
5	I received a Bliss Chip from my doctor at Desert Perinatal good for a 20 minute foot massage so I took advantage of it today. Belly Bliss is on the 2nd floor of the Ft. Apache/Russell location & there is lots of customer parking. Belly Bliss is a complete store for pregnant & post-natal mommies. They have massages, facials, waxing, yoga classes, educational classes & a boutique w/ tons of items for mommies & babies. They also have a cute help yourself snack bar w/ pretzels, gold fish crackers, raisins & more. They also provide infused water, today's flavor was lemon, blueberries & cucumber. Nice & refreshing!Marissa was my therapist today, & although my Bliss Chip was for only a foot massage, she did work on my forearms & hands since I've been having pain there in addition to a foot massage. I was expecting to be just in a pedicure type of chair so I was surprised when I was in a private room which a comfy massage table. She put a warm towel behind my neck & an eye mask on my eyes. It was very relaxing. They definitely know how to take care of mommies here & I would highly recommend Belly Bliss. Congrats to all the mommies out there!
5	Pregnancy can be a difficult transition however, Belly Bliss alleviates those pregnancy challenges.  Belly Bliss offers yoga, pregnancy classes, spa & a retail store.  From the moment I walk in, the staff immediately greets me & when I leave, I enjoy their water with cucumber/ berries & yummy treats. Also the pricing is affordable & I'll continue to visit Belly Bliss post baby.  Thanks for you superb service Belly Bliss!
5	It was a long drive!! But at the end I felt like I was driving away from heaven:)) I loved my yoga class and right after got my massage... Best place ever love it!
5	Best prenatal massage EVER!Well, this is actually my first prenatal massage experience. But I've had lots and lots of foot & body massages while not pregnant, so I think it's fair to say I'm a good judge of massages.At 20 weeks, I was able to lie *FACE DOWN* for the massage, since they have a pillow with the belly cutout for the bump. As you get bigger they might put you on the side. I picked "Mellow Mama", a 75-min full body massage. And it's really a full body massage, no joke. My shoulders and upper back were the most tight likely because I've continued rock climbing and circus into the pregnancy and have had to bear more weight with my lats. The massager took that in and worked very hard on my upper back right from the start. I told her I could take a lot of force and she definitely made me feel AWESOME by pushing hard on my knots to release the tension. It was heaven....I loved being able to face down, the only small issue was my boobs were already getting really big and in a few of the hard pushes they did get squeezed a bit, but it was all worth it! Then she moved on to my lower back and the back of my legs and feet. Sooooo relaxing....I was very quickly a mellow lump of happiness. Then I was flipped over (the chair is adjustable so no worries about being on the back), where she did a facial massage, more neck & shoulders, arms and hands, frontside of the legs, toping off with a little foot pampering.It is 100% worth it. I am so sad I don't live in Vegas, otherwise I'd be here weekly until my delivery!
5	I love this place! I've been to Tessa for a facial and Casey for a massage. Both were excellent. I'm 8 months pregnant and I can't lay on my stomach obviously but they had a special pillow for massage I could lay on my stomach. They have really cute things for sell and I love the atmosphere.
5	I've had a few different prenatal massages throughout my pregnancy and this was by far the best ! Actually being able to lay flat makes all the difference and even at 37 weeks pregnant, I was still very comfortable. My fiance is lucky I didn't start going here early on in my pregnancy or I would have been begging to go all the time !
5	I had the most incredible massage experience this morning with Marisa! I also thank the staff for being so accomidating and understanding, my truck broke down on way, causing me to be late, but they took time to make sure I still had a full massage (although, I mentioned, I would still pay full price for whatever time was left) they had extra time on schedule and took great care of me! Marisa was such a wonderful therapist, very healing and I would reccomend asking for her if you have not had the pleasure yet, although, Im sure they are all great. I will be back for Marisa soon. Thank you 34 weeks
5	I went for a massage and facial when I was about 4 months along and also when I was around 8 months along ... both times were fantastic. I would really recommend pregnant women to treat themselves to this place! Also, if you go on their website, they always have some cool packages and specials going on!
5	I took my first prenatal yoga class and it was so relaxing. I want to take another one. They have a lot of great items for sell. Clothes, books, baby items, things to help during and after pregnancy, diaper bags and etc. Next a prenatal spa day. So glad I went. Staff is helpful and kind.
