4	This is a borderline Upscale Italian Eatery ........The interior decor is outstanding .........Thankfully, its not trying to be the priciest ...... yet !!Its been open for about one month .....Located in a building, that has seen many restaurants, come and go ....... I predict, that Vito's will be a huge success ........IF ...  they're wise enough, to avoid being on the edge of being overly expensive.....The food and service, were outstanding this evening ......They have Specials on various Weekday Nights, checkout their website, to see whats what ...... www.vitospizza.comMany, including me ......have an unfavorable opinion of those, who DO NOT LIST MENU PRICES, with their online menu's.       ************** ARE YOU EMBARASSED ????? **************My Ethics .... My Standards:Every business starts with one star ..... GETTING MORE .... HAS TO BE EARNED.
5	Outstanding gluten free pizza, the best I've ever had.  Excellent wine list. My companions loved their pastas, seafood, and salads too. Outstanding service too. We had a very nice, enjoyable dining experience.  We will be back -- soon and often.
4	Went here with the family for a weeknight dinner, crowd wasn't too bad. There didn't seem to be that many tables, but considering it's a small restaurant, I guess that's okay. For a family owned business, I think it's solid.Decor seemed very nice, wasn't overdone. Main menu is not overwhelming, just four different pages for appetizers, salads, pizza, pasta and chef entrees. Appreciated that most of these dishes had mainly English names. As much as I love Italian food, I can't pronounce most of my favorite dishes!Let's break it down by courses. For appetizers, we got the bruschetta and calamari. Calamari was crisp and light, not drenched in oil like other places can do. The cajun sauce was well too. As for the bruschetta, they didn't skimp out on the toppings at all! I felt like it was a monster of a piece, with tomatoes falling off mid-bite. Might be a bit messy, but I liked it!Did I mention the free bread. Pretty sure we got some pesto butter, and three varieties of bread that were foccacia, wheat, and white.I ordered a side salad with my main dish. Wide variety of dressings, but I decided to change my traditional balsamic to their apple cider vinegarette. I will say it's VERY sweet just like the drink, so I was glad they kept the dressing on the side. Interesting take I haven't seen yet.My main course was the Veal Piccata. Warning, I found their portions to be VERY BIG. The veal was cooked nicely, sauce wasn't overwhelming. The side of spaghetti was cooked decently, though it felt like it was something I could've done at home. The roasted vegetables looked fine, but I didn't have enough room to finish my meal,I think the prices were justified, about $100 for the family of four, with an ice tea and beer included. Staff was friendly, food was good. Not sure if I'd come back here, but I didn't regret it.
3	We really wanted to like this place as we live close by and the ambiance and decor are wonderful!This was our first time visiting and we went for happy hour and found a great booth in the bar area.  A waiter came up and told us our server was John the bartender who was busy and could he take our drink order, which we did.  I asked him what the happy hour cabernet was and pointed to the happy hour menu and he replied it was the Ruthersford Hill cab, which I ordered.  Hubby had a Stella :).We ordered the bruschetta and were served our drinks.  John the bartender came over and took our food order, which was a pizza and calamari.We were served the calamari, which was way undercooked and very rubbery.  When John came over to see how our food was, we told him about the calamari.  He apologized and took the tray away.  The manager came over and was very kind and told us they all tried it in the kitchen and it was not the way they should have served it and agreed with us that it was underdone.  He asked us to please try another order and we agreed.  It was brought to the table and unfortunately was still undercooked and rubbery.  We asked John to try it and he agreed, apologized and took it away.  We never were approached by the manager again, who when he did see us, he avoided making eye contact or approaching us.  Believe me, we understand a bad night in the kitchen and are sympathetic to these kind of situations, but not to say anything again was not the right choice.The pizza we ordered was just okay.  It also had a feeling of being undercooked and chewy.  John the bartender was awesome and attentive, however he was very busy trying to tend the bar and also wait tables.  He was under pressure and rose to the occasion.He also comped us a drink which we did not expect but appreciated.When we got the bill the happy hour wine that was supposed to be $5 was actually $10 and when I asked John about it he said it was not a happy hour wine.  We were told by the other waiter that it was THE happy hour wine and that is why I ordered it.  I told John he needed to educate his waiter on what was happy hour and what was not.  Okay, so we will allow this as "just one of those nights" and will go back because we really liked the atmosphere and the staff was friendly.  I hope as they grow they can overcome some of the kitchen difficulties and train the wait staff as to what is available and to answer the client's questions.  We all are human and understand that there are off nights, etc, so in the future, manager....it's okay and at least provide your visitors with an opportunity to accept your apologies and respect your taking ownership of mistakes made by staff.  We are hoping our next visit is better.  Stay tuned for our next visit!
1	We were looking forward to trying this neighborhood restaurant since we heard good reviews about its Mesa location.We were incredibly disappointed.There were 4 hostesses at the front desk, none of whom could care less about actually greeting us.  We felt as if it we were an imposition to take our name.After waiting for our table, we were seated about 20 minutes later.  The service just went downhill from there.  The waitress, Angela, was slow, inexperienced, and not particularly knowledgeable about the wine list.  She even kept apologizing for the poor service and acknowledging her responsibility for it.While I have to say, the food was very good, we will not be back because the service was so poor.
5	I normally don't do reviews on here but I had to rave about the best calamari I have ever had. Everyone needs to go there just for that. I heard the bruschetta is good too even though I didn't try it. The tomato sauce is nice - thick and a little sweet. I loved it. Pizza was good but I have had better. Priced right. Service was great. Ambience was nice too. I would definitely go back for the calamari alone.
5	Every time I'm in Scottsdale I drop in to Vito's. I love their happy hour menu and I'm a huge fan of the traditional Italian food. Best pizza in town including their Mesa location, which I've visited from referrals before. The new Scottsdale location has a great ambience and the interior is SUPERB. I love the feeling of being home that I get when I visit.
5	Great restaurant! This is our first time here so we went during HH. $5 house wines and 1/2 price appetizers. Their pizza is phemominal, best thin crust in the valley IMHO.  Very friendly bartenders and waitstaff. Will definitely be back.
2	After reading all of the reviews on this place I was completely caught by surprise. Usually Yelp reviews are quite reliable but you all got this one wrong.  First the atmosphere is quite nice but when the place is full the noise level is unbearable. I sat in a booth with my wife and two kids and struggled to hear anything that was said. For the record I am 43 and in great health with no hearing problems. Even my nine year old son complained about how loud it was.  As for the food, well here comes the real disappointment. My wife ordered meat filled ravioli and it was topped with a very commercial tasting bolognese (meat) sauce.  I had the veal parmigiana and although the veal itself was of god quality and tender, it came out with literally no sauce on it, but just breaded veal with some melted cheese on top. I ordered a side of sauce which improved the dish, but once again their marinara was very commercial and generic. The kids shared a simple cheese pizza which is supposedly thin crust Chicago style. I am not going to complain about the crust as I was not sure what to expect to begin with as I am not a knowledgable source regarding Chicago style pizza (my specialties are NY & Neapolitan styles), although my wife referred to the crust as a cracker with little texture or flavor. Continuing... the sauce and cheese combination was lacking flavor altogether and it was just overall boring. As a matter of fact as I write this review I just overheard my wife and son discussing the flavor of the pizza last night and my son said it was of Domino's quality, but he would prefer Dominos over the pizza at Vitos. That is sad as my son does not like Dominos pizza at all and can distinguish between a good pizza and a not so good one as we eat pizza weekly and also make it in our home frequently.  As for the service, no complaints as the staff were very friendly. We were seated quickly because we made a reservation, but there was quite a long line with a 20-30 minute wait at 6:30pm on a Saturday.  I personally would not go back to Vitos, but for all of you that are willing to give it a try, please keep in mind that my opinion is limited to the dishes that we tried and not encompassing of the entire menu. That being said, what we ordered was very basic Italian and may be a good representation of what is to be expected menu-wide. By the way, for the four of us, the items I mentioned plus a couple of sodas, an onion soup appetizer, side salad, and no desert, the bill was $54 which seems reasonable for that amount of food, but not justified due to the lack of flavor. In my opinion, for the similar price structure you get better food at Nicks, which is also not my favorite, but comparable in price and menu offerings. Good eats to all!!!
5	Being from Chicago, finding a good thin crust pizza place is a task - until we found Vito's! Not only is their thin crust pizza delicious, the atmosphere is warm & welcoming and the staff is great! I wish I could eat there more often!
4	We enjoyed this same restaurant in Mesa and just noticed that they had opened one in Scottsdale. The place was packed and arriving at 6:00 PM we were able to be seated immediately. Ten or fifteen minutes later, we would have been waiting. Our waitress was friendly. You could see the manager walking around seeing that everything was going okay, but I don't think she ever visited a table to see how her patrons were doing.My wife had the Margherita Pizza and a salad and I had the Linguini Pescatore. The pizza was good along with her garden salad. My linguini was fabulous. The mussels were like muscles. I had a choice of Red or White sauce, so I chose Red. When I was finished, I used the bread to wipe my bowl clean. It was so good.
1	This place is so convenient to our home, and we wish it were better. The food is very good, but the service is consistently late and the staff is consistently unapologetic and borderline rude. We've given the place several tries, hoping they were just working out the opening-week kinks. There are too many good pizza and Italian places nearby to waste another trip to Vito's.
2	Simply disappointing.   The location is great, the decor is great, the whole ambience seems pretty good, so we were really optimistic about our meal, but it was utterly bland and disappointing. Most tables seemed to be ordering Pizza, and maybe that's where they excel, but when it comes to things like veal marsala, chicken picatta, etc, they seem to be only one step up from a microwaveable frozen dinner from the grocery store! Also, it seemed like there were very few Italian wines by the glass on the menu; I can't confirm that now as their wine list is not online, but I could swear there were no Chiantis, Montepulcianos, etc by the glass. With so many Italian options in the neighborhood, I don't think this place will survive.
3	Okay, so maybe I should have rounded up on this one, but -- Vito's is a solid 3 1/2 stars!  Maybe even, 3 3/4 stars.The three of us came here last night for dinner and had a really nice time.  We were seated promptly and the place was hopping.  The main dinning room had only two tables open (see photo) and the patio looked crowded as well.  Our waitress Angela, came by almost immediately after we were seated to fill our water glasses and ask if we wanted anything to start off.  Nice!After looking at the menus and wine list, we order the fried Calamari to start for $9.00.  Angela explained that the fried calamari was served with a dusting of garlic seasoning and buffalo dip (see photo), while their grilled calamari was serve more Cajun style.The three of us ordered our own baseline entrees when eating in a Italian restaurant for the first time.  We ordered and shared:  Chicken Parmigiana with a side of penne pasta, $16.50; Penne Caprese, $15.00 and the Spaghettini, $11.00 with a side of Meatballs and Sausage, $2.00.  We also ordered the House Salads for $2.00 each. Angela returned after a few minutes with our Fried Calamari.  This was really good.  When ordering calamari, it is always a test for a kitchen to cook it right.  If you're busy and you cook it too long, it becomes very chewy.  Tonight it was perfect and melted in our mouths, with just the right amount of heat.  A nice start!After finishing the calamari our salads arrive.  They were pretty straight forward -- iceberg lettuce, with some black pitted olives and cherry tomatoes.  When we were done, the plates were bused and we sat for a few minutes enjoying some good conversation.  Angela came by and refilled our water glasses and gave us an update on our meal.  In fact she came by several times during our dinner to check on things and to refill glasses.  I only mention this because with non-chain restaurants the dining experience can be somewhat casual in nature.  This is done intentionally I'm told to create a sense of ambience for the diners.  It also means you sometimes don't see your wait staff as often.  Not here, Angela stayed on top of things!Our dinner arrived and everything looked good.  The only mix-up was with the spaghettini which we ordered with a meat sauce.  It was served however with a marinara, or so we thought .  Angela offered to take it back to the kitchen and remake it, but we opted to remove the sauce and just get a bowl of meat sauce for our pasta.  That's where it became interesting, because that in fact was the meat sauce.  We only realized it after she brought out the new meat sauce which was the same as we had initially.Okay, so the meat sauce isn't their strong suit.  We where thinking more bolognese and this was more sauce with a little meat in it.  Our error, but everything was good.  The Chicken Parmigiana had two pieces of breast meat that was breaded just right.  And, the Caprese pasta was flavored with a balsamic reduction sauce.  Nice.Our bill, before taxes came to $65.75, which also included a glass of Chianti for $6.00.   We thought it was more then fair and the portions were generous.  We even had three take home boxes.As we were leaving, we saw several thin crust pizzas go by for one of the larger groups and thought maybe next time.  We will definitely be back.Enjoy!
4	Food is great! Service is great!  Our waitress was Stacy and she was helpful, engaging and happy.  We were sat right away and immediately attended to.  We had the calamari, very good.  Salmon ceasar salad,,,the salmon was cooked perfectly, eggplant parm, veal parm and the canolis!  All were great!  Stacy reccomend a few great wines as well, we were very happy.  Will definately return.
4	This place is somewhere between 3 and 4 stars, but I like to give the benefit of the doubt.  The first time I came here was for takeout.  I ordered at the bar and had a beverage in the interim while I waited for my pizza.  The bar patrons were very nice and knowledgeable about the menu; one gentleman even let me try his food when it came from the kitchen (seafood lasagna- yum)!  They gave me some great tips on food to try from the menu in the future.  My company and I thought the pizza was very good and perfectly cooked.  It was not the best pizza ever, but it hit the spot!On a second occasion, I came here on a date.  I found the lights to be rather bright in the dining room (bar much better), but I am all about dim lighting anyway, so maybe I am biased.  Also, our server was too attentive.  I hate to say that because he was very nice and charming, but the interruptions were kind of annoying (my date actually mentioned it to me too).  Another thing not helping the ambiance was a table of drunk golfers that needed hearing aides, making our intimate conversation rather challenging (not that it was the restaurant's fault).  More importantly, I guess you mainly go to a restaurant for food and Vito's did not disappoint.  I cannot remember what my date had, but I know the plate was empty at the end, and it looked and smelled good upon arrival.  I had the veal Marsala (don't hate me- yes I ate a baby cow), and it was amazing...The sauce was great, the pasta perfectly al dente, and the meat was tender as expected.  I did not think I could finish it all because the portion was HUGE, but I did :)
4	Great pizza and ... Delivery!!  Boneless wings...not so good :(  And, think you need to stay with the regular, thin crust vs the dbl crust.
4	This is the newest place I have found and it is very close to me. They mail out coupons and that brought us in. Their pizza is amazing! Great quality and excellent taste. We went on a Thursday and they had happy hour specials on drinks. They were also great and all 3 of us enjoyed our beverages. We had a buy one, get one coupon and used it for pizza and pasta. The pasta was just okay, but the pizza, drinks, atmosphere, and server made up for it. Great restaurant at a reasonable price.
1	Last night's attempt at dining at Vito's will be our last.  We had previously visited Vito's on a consistent basis (initially, at least once or twice per week) for drinks, appetizers, and/or dinner at the bar.  While the food is only of mediocre quality, the convenience offered by a location so close to home seemed to compensate for this factor as well as the cramped quarters at the bar and the seemingly perpetual presence of at least one or two loud, obnoxious patrons who repeatedly made their sojourns to the parking lot only to return reeking of cigarette smoke.  More recently, our visits became a bit less frequent due to the increasing filth present on the bar.  The last few times we visited, we entered to find only one or two patrons at the bar, but the entire rest of the bar occupied by other customers' dirty dishes that had not been cleared.  While the staff would quickly clear enough space for us to sit down, the dishes would be removed, but no effort was ever made to wipe away the food that was caked to the bar.  Glancing around, however, the reason for the staff's lack of attention to waiting on actual customers typically became readily apparent due to the presence of her Royal Majesty, the owner, perched in a prime booth with her entourage demanding the majority of the staff's time and efforts at the expense of the paying customers.  On numerous occasions, we sat with empty glasses for 10-15 minutes while the staff chatted with and tended to the owner and her royal court.While the convenience factor allowed us to tolerate these issues, the failure of a restaurant to remain open during its posted hours is a fatal error.  We arrived to dine at Vito's last night only to be informed by the bartender that the restaurant had closed A FULL 45 MINUTES PRIOR TO THEIR POSTED TIME.  Customers rely on the hours that a business states that it will be open when making plans and a failure to remain open for business until such a time presents an inconvenience significant enough that we will not burden this establishment with our patronage again.  Vito's may not care about the time customers must waste driving to a different restaurant when they had planned on stopping in for a convenient meal, but I can assure them that we will not risk the aggravation of the time wasted on a Sunday evening with a long week of work looming on the horizon.  Bye, bye Vito's.  We won't miss you.
5	Amazing pizza!!! of course as soon as I moved out of my apartment across the street vito's came in, would have been there ALL the time otherwise! Really nice inside! Try the Buffalo chicken pizza its SO good!
5	This is the best Italian food I've had to date in Scottsdale. Six of us went for dinner and everyone loved their meal. The service was great, as well. We loved it so much that we had dinner delivered the next evening.  Highly recommended
1	I did not like mine, chinch on the toppings.
1	Bad bland food looks like it can out of a can from Sysco restaurant supply
1	I really wanted to like this place, it looked so promising.  Three of us went on Sunday afternoon using a coupon for a free entree.  The best part of the meal was the pesto & garlic butter which came with the basket of bread.I could not decide what to get and the waitress recommended the house made Tortellini with ricotta and marinated in marinara and alfredo sauce, she said it was not heavy.  Well, it was over heavy and I could not taste the Tortellini because it was swimming in the sauce which tasted not very good.  I sent it back.  We also ordered the Lasagna with meatballs which was swimming in marinara sauce and also was just average nothing to rave about.  Also ordered the Penne Caprese - beware of this - it is very very spicy and will burn your mouth if you are not prepared....also the balsamic vinegar on the top does not work well with this dish.  After I sent my Tortellini back, I wanted to try something else to give them the benefit....I ordered the Portabella Penne not real sure why it is called this as there are no mushrooms in it....this was in-edible....not able to eat loaded with garlic, I love garlic eat it everyday, this tasted like it was drenched in white wine and they used the whole bag of garlic - everyone at the table tried it and no one could eat it........we also ordered the breaded ravioli's for an appetizer...could not taste the ravioli because the bread was too thick......the meatball are very heavy and I did not like them, more like rocks than meatballs and a little on the spicy side..Like I said in the beginning the best part of the meal was the Butter in the Bread Basket.........We were also disappointed that they sell Atlantic Salmon which is farm raised and loaded with chemicals, toxins and bacteria, all Atlantic Salmons is farm raised but they did not seem to know this, go figure...the decor is real nice and the booths were very comfortable.  The do have a gluten free menu and gluten free pizza - so we might come back for the gluten free pizza and maybe on a different day as Sunday maybe they were slacking or something, the manager is a Lady and does not smile much, if when you smile at her.
1	I have been up all night due to bad wings. They obviously thawed the wings and let them sit in the warm kitchen and they spoiled.  So for me they go from a four star to a one star for this error.
1	This place is so close to my new home and I was so excited to try it out so my daughter and I stopped by for lunch a few weeks ago.   I must say it was very large, clean and had a very nice atmosphere.   The place was empty so we were seated right away.  The waitress came right away to take our order and seem knowledgable about the menu.  We ordered the calamari as an appetizer, we were asked if we wanted it fried or grilled?  I asked the waitress about it and she suggested the grilled calamari.  As an entree I ordered the baked ziti and my daughter ordered the penne quatro formaggio.  Our appetizer arrived shorty, it was not what I expected, it was at best mediocre in taste and very spicy. My daughter was not able to eat any of it so I made the best of it.   Our entrees arrived soon after, the food looked pretty good.  I tried my pasta and the taste was 7 out of 10.  However, the garlic bread that was served with my meal was very greasy.   My daughter's pasta had a very nice flavor but it was covered with an inch of oil.  She tried to stir the pasta but more oil was accumulating, it was disgusting.  I called the waitress over and showed her the oily pasta and asked her to bring my daughter something else.   A cook? who was standing nearby looked over to see what was going on and she explained to him that " it happened again".  "Again?" I asked, no one answer, she took the pasta and came back later with the menu and asked my daughter to choose something else.  She picked the tortellini.  10 minutes later, her pasta arrived, my food was cold and we finally got an explanation to what happened to the pasta, sort of!  It seems that during the cooking process the cheese "broke" whatever that means.The tortellini was extremely mediocre, we've had store bought ones that tasted much better and cost far less.  They did not even offer to reheat my meal after I waited for my daughter's and to top it all off, we were charged for the entire meal.Needless to say that I am never ever coming back to this place.  Their management has a lot to learn about good customer service and obviously their kitchen staff needs to learn how to cook as well.
4	Once again Groupon has come through in the clutch and has introduced a great restaurant to us.  Back in the Summer, I bought a couple of Groupons for this place.  Since then, we've been back several times.  Below is a highlight of what we've had:Pizzahttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/ZfPcpbZssIMrYBSg9jXNdw?select=H66DgIqozdbQQj0Hy9Gl_Q#H66DgIqozdbQQj0Hy9Gl_Qhttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/ZfPcpbZssIMrYBSg9jXNdw?select=wgM-ZTRfZLRQKGwbN1cahQ#wgM-ZTRfZLRQKGwbN1cahQhttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/ZfPcpbZssIMrYBSg9jXNdw?select=o7Gyi55UuPzk6x7jMoPwrw#o7Gyi55UuPzk6x7jMoPwrwhttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/ZfPcpbZssIMrYBSg9jXNdw?select=JC6hfZXf4lW3ielKJd8DAw#JC6hfZXf4lW3ielKJd8DAwStuffed Pizza Rolls (Italian Sausage, Pepperoni, Mozzarella, Pizza Sauce), $10.50http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/ZfPcpbZssIMrYBSg9jXNdw?select=38r9Pnk_Se0yWSKnmMDZPQ#38r9Pnk_Se0yWSKnmMDZPQhttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/ZfPcpbZssIMrYBSg9jXNdw?select=MbjtS5JqBMgBmMHizYM6YA#MbjtS5JqBMgBmMHizYM6YAhttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/ZfPcpbZssIMrYBSg9jXNdw?select=joTBTptlvArXydupKeNM_A#joTBTptlvArXydupKeNM_ABaked Ziti, $15.00http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/ZfPcpbZssIMrYBSg9jXNdw?select=HYunQbIrYt7go3iS6-BAxQ#HYunQbIrYt7go3iS6-BAxQhttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/ZfPcpbZssIMrYBSg9jXNdw?select=DkeLEMUbg4-RCl--YnzKrw#DkeLEMUbg4-RCl--YnzKrwhttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/ZfPcpbZssIMrYBSg9jXNdw?select=HK4tMYOp-4O7VlVJQ2oymA#HK4tMYOp-4O7VlVJQ2oymACaprese Chicken Pasta, $15.00http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/ZfPcpbZssIMrYBSg9jXNdw?select=LJ92PBNBov1Y2W6YwCeZeg#LJ92PBNBov1Y2W6YwCeZegPenne Quattro Formaggio (Asiago, Fontina, Parmesan and Provolone Cheese in a Creamy Sauce), $14.00http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/ZfPcpbZssIMrYBSg9jXNdw?select=EM9o3PjfSum7NcGhsAA5Sw#EM9o3PjfSum7NcGhsAA5SwBy far, my favorite dishes out of the bunch are the Stuffed Pizza Rolls, Quattro Formaggio Pasta, and the Pizza.  The Stuffed Pizza Rolls are unlike anything I've ever had....they're like little Pizza Burritos.  I get the personal sized Pizza on occasion and it's just the right size for my appetite.  I get it well done.  They serve it on a little rack so the Crust doesn't get soggy....genius!The Quattro Formaggio Pasta is what I get when I'm super hungry....it's very rich and filling.  Unless you bring a big appetite, plan to bring home a box if you order this dish.The servers here are super nice.  They remember us and know that we enjoy a glass of Wine or 4 when we have dinner, so they offer up a glass immediately.  One server already knows and brings out the glass when she greets us....oh yeah!Return Factor - 98%
2	I've had much better. Keep looking, FUEL not food.
3	The food was pretty good...not great.  Our server was a delight.
3	Good pizza, salads, and entrees in a nice environment with friendly servers.  We stop in a couple of time a month and always have a good experience.  If you try the pasta, the Bolognese sauce is excellent, the marina not so much...a little bitter.
2	My husband and I have been to this restaurant on two other occasions and found the meals to be quite good.  This time, we brought friends that had never been there before and were extremely disappointed.  First off, it took forever for a waiter or waitress to come to our table to take a drink order.  Water was never served unless asked for.  Everyone's meal was just mediocre to bland and we all had different entrees.  Before dinner was over, the waiter brought our check.  When we stopped him and asked about having dessert and coffee, he apologized, took away the check and brought over dessert menus.  We had to point out to him that some of us were still eating our entree.  Again he apologized.  We wondered if this was his first job and if so, more training was definitely needed. Don't believe we will be returning to this restaurant.  Too many excellent italian restaurants to choose from.
3	My daughter and I had lunch on Friday and it was quite nice.  The service was very good.....especially since the bartender was also our server!  But boy did the drinks come quickly! :)  But she was a great server overall.  The food is good; I've only been 3 times but it seems to be kind of hit or miss.  My daughter had a very good Penne pasta with balsamic glaze.  I had the berry salad which was lacking in berries, cheese and walnuts but lots of chicken!  Garlic bread is very good, not overpowering and crispy.  We will continue to go but it's not our go to place.  Definitely try it though!
3	I was really excited to try this place with my mom for lunch on Friday, but overall I wasn't impressed. More specifically, by the service and some of the food. We both ordered beers to start, which were super overpriced. We ordered garlic bread to start, which was yummy, and my pasta caprese was amazing. My mom's salad on the other hand, was really disappointing. The presentation was cute, but my mom ordered it specifically for the candied walnuts and feta. But they were nowhere to be found. Correction, there was a tiny bit of feta at the bottom and one walnut. Of course, my mom wouldn't let me say anything, but for her having only 2 tables, it was hard to get her attention. I have to join the rest of the reviewers in saying: great food, okay service.
5	Meat Lover's Pizza rocked!! Make sure and ask for Staci if dining in, she's da'bomb diggity when it comes to pleasant and attentive service, we simply won't go unless we call ahead and make sure she's there to wait on us.
1	So we get a $20 Groupon... great!  We arrive and discover it happens to be half off specialty drink night... sweet!  My boyfriend orders a margarita and I get a sangria, in addition to $50 worth of full priced entrees.  Food is mediocre at best.  Way too expensive for food that tastes like it was frozen and then heated up under a lamp for 45 minutes waiting for someone to order it. The bill finally arrives and we present the $20 Groupon credit.  The waitress frowns and says we can't use it.  Confused, we ask for a manager.  She comes over to the table with her frown face in full force, as well.  Although we well exceeded our $20 Groupon credit with full priced items, the simple drink orders apparently voided its use.  We even tried to get two separate bills, one with drinks and one with food to use the groupon, and she outright said no.  She explains that the Groupon is not to be used when any other promotions are going on... which happens to be every night but Saturday.  This place is full of incompetent people that overly concerned about nickel and diming customers.  If they don't like the promotions, don't offer them.  With the awful service and food, I don't doubt this place will be out of business before long.  In short, don't waste your time or your money.
5	Yum!  Pizza is delish!  $1 glass of wine on Tuesdays w entree.  Love Vito's! Location in Mesa on McKellips & Lindsay is better than their Scottsdale location... not sure why????  Pizza is better that is.... but either way its good.
2	Had dinner tonight and it took almost three hours to get salads our main course and dessert which was provided free because we complained.   We've been here many times before and never experienced service this poor.   The manager said there were no issues in the kitchen which was clearly not the case.  After offering us the free dessert the manager never took the time to come back and check in with us.   Had he bothered he would have been told that it was taking too long for everything.   When we went to find the manager he was eating dinner in the bar.   Glad he was apparently happy.  It is a shame, because this isn't what we've experienced in the past.  Won't be going back.We were contacted by Vito's as a result of this review and an email I sent them directly.  I've added a star as a result.  I do appreciate their follow up.  They reviewed their videos of the dining room and we were not there three hours.  Closer to two and a half.  We were also not the only group to complain.
2	Updating with one additional star because Vito's did get back with us to try and address our concern.
5	First time at Vito's today , food was so fresh , presentation beautiful ! The service was great also , very happy ! Will be back
5	Maybe it was growing pains, but the place has significantly improved. We've moved out of the neighborhood but continue to go back to Vito's. It's one of my son's favorite places for pizza, and my husband and I love the pesto sauce. They'll make things off the menu, if they have the ingredients. The staff (some of them) remember us, which makes us feel good and enjoy this neighborhood restaurant.
1	We dropped in for lunch at 12:30,and were the only customers in the place.  Not a good sign.  We ordered a salad and asked for some bread.  We were told bread is not normally served.  (No bread in an Italian restaurant?)  They did manage to rustle up two rolls for us, however.  When the salad arrived, it was not the salad we ordered.  We were, though, charged $3 for having the salad divided in the kitchen.  That was all we needed, so we left without ordering anything else.  We'll never return.
5	I love Vito's. My boyfriend and I actually come here a few times a week. They have great hot wings (the baked ones are fabulous), great pizza (get the goat cheese as a topping- it's amazing), and a very accommodating gluten free menu. They serve wine by the glass and Monday is all day happy hour! Their grape appletini is really stong but very tasty :) You definitely get your money's worth and the staff are all very nice. Try this place for the pizza, wings and wine and you will not be disappointed!
4	our first foray for this seasons Restaurant Week. we made reservations for a mid-week feasting, but really didn't need to as there were plenty of seats.google maps incorrectly places this location, and it's actually about 1/4 mile south of where google puts you. our service was pretty good....very friendly but missed out big time on the water glass re-fills. we chose Vito's because they had so many options for non-meat eaters for their restaurant week menu. and for 30 bucks, a great app, a great big entree, a delectable desert, and an alcoholic beverage. a great deal!i started with the grilled shrimp al capone. 2 extra large grilled shrimp atop a home-made "slaw" (minus the mayo). it was very refreshing and filling...so much so i couldn't finish my entree!entree was the seafood lasagna. it was a cheesy delectable-ness of seafood lasagna goodness. it was extremely rich and flavorful, full of seafood and cheese varieties. for desert, i had the chocolate chip bread pudding. it was warm, slighly gooey, slightly crispy, and all good! with a side of vanilla ice cream, i knew i was in for a sugar high before my inevitable slumber. excellent italian eatery and something on the menu for all palates!
5	Vito's pizza is great . I eat the gluten free menu and it is the best pizza ! My friend had the seafood pasta and it was fresh and delicious. The restaurant was very upscale and had a great bar area with many big screen tvs.
2	Eh, not impressed. There was nothing about this place that made it seem unique or interesting. I was joking with my dad that it looks like they went to italianrestaurantdecor.com to furnish the restaurant. Pretty dead on a Tuesday night even with a wine special advertised. Super overpriced as well. $25 per person for a mediocre entree and an iced tea. Maybe if I had taken advantage of the wine special it would have made the food, and the bill, more palatable.
3	Pizza Friday Lives!My coworker gave me a coupon for Vito's, so we carried out a large pie around 6:00 p.m. last week. A large with sausage on only half (no topping on the other side) came out to be more than $16, WITH a coupon. Without a coupon, I see large plain pizzas start at $19. If you want to pile on more toppings, you'll be in for a hefty price!To be fair,the pizza was DELICIOUS. We loved the cracker-thin crust, the ample amounts of their cheese mix and boyfriend said the Italian sausage was obviously homemade and exceptional. The hostess who took care of me was incredibly peppy and prompt. The place seemed pretty packed (wow, lots of P alliterations in there), so their food is certainly drawing crowds in. But it's just a *leetle* out of my price range for pizza. We can find pizza (sometimes two) with a salad to split for almost the same price.My final say? I'd certainly nosh from there again, but only with a coup! Am I cheap? (The hostess didn't take mine so we hopefully we can reuse, woohoo!)
1	I can't recall when we enjoyed a meal less. while the service was fine, the food was yuckie. The soup was so peppery and overspiced as to be inedible. The  lasagna was drowned in a thick red meat sauce that was crude and overwhelmed the pasta and ricotta of the block of  unevenly reheated pasta, which was sitting for hours and nuked. The other entrees were  no more edible than the lasagna.  All in all an expensive crappy meal I'll never repeat.
4	I was looking for restaurants that delivered so I called up. I was pleasantly greeted and given amazing customer service. I asked for some advice on what was good and was given amazing choices. All around awesome food and service!
1	Second visit for dinner and, although the food is good - we had the blackened salmon salad and the sausage and pepper penne pasta - eating in the bar area is NOT enjoyable.  The noise level is such that you cannot carry on a conversation because of patrons that have been served one too many and are being obnoxious and extremely loud.  No one from management talked to the group asking them to tone it down a bit so that other patrons could also enjoy their evening.  We will not return as there are many other restaurants in the area that offer as good or better food.
4	Although our second home is nearby, we hadn't dined here before this visit. We were pleased, even impressed. We had lunch.  I had a sandwich which was ok with a fruit cup that was great!  My wife loved the tortellinis. No dessert and we didn't start with a salad. The wine list is adequate and we found a decent pinot grigio for a fair price. Service was good. While we were there customers came in who ordered without looking at the menu so obviously there are some regulars. We will be back.
1	If I could, I would give this restaurant a zero star review. We had a vegetarian at our table, and their veggie meal was served with a small piece of hamburger mixed in with his pasta. We sent it back and no one came to apologize. As for the rest of our meals, the chef mist have dropped a box of salt in our chicken picatta. I will not return here again.
