2	This one's terrible. It's soooooo small. There's no clearance section at all. There were sales signs but nothing was really clearly marked. One person inside organizing, but don't even remember being greeted. I think we were in here for less than five minutes. Don't bother.
3	The men's section is drastically smaller than the women, but that is a common theme for any clothing store. It is true that the clearance is limited to maybe a top and bottom rack in the middle of the store. If you catch the during a mid season clearing it is worth all those times you have gone in and found nothing. I am sure that I am not the only one that is plagued with a 1/5 times leaving empty handed. This must have been my fifth visit within a three months span and I ended up with quite a few pieces for a decent price. It was not extraordinary, but definitely not fruitless. The staff are a hit or miss as well. When I am dressed down, I tend to be ignored. If I go in wearing clothes that resemble something off their rack, I get immediate assistance. I prefer to shop at my own pace, and a general greeting would suffice.
5	I really like the gap store at Turnberry Town Square...It's so bright and sunny and the staff is so friendly. The store is just the right size to find everything you need and they always have great sales!
2	The store has a decent selection but the staff is not friendly at all.  I walked in and was not greeted even though there was no one else in the store and the associates were standing by the cash register, not far from the door.  They were more concerned with whispering to each other as I looked at the various merchandise.  I actually felt uncomfortable being in there.  It's not good when you go to a store and the sales associates make you want to leave.  Maybe that's why it was so quiet at the height of the shopping season.
3	I'll make this review little, since this store is little. There's not much to choose from. It's very boutique-like with very few items. There's like 5 things hanging per wall. And like 2 or 3 fixtures on either side. I work retail so if I say it's empty, it's pretty empty. I know it's after Christmas and everyone is light on inventory, but this was just sad. My friend and I walked in and were out in about 2 minutes. The store was clean and things were neat and organized. Other than that, I'll stick to the outlets if I ever have to come shop here.
1	Holy Cow! Rude! Wow this cashier Kayla should find a new place to work if she doesn't like helping people. I brought up 20 shirts for a business purchase to take to get embroidered, she takes them off the hanger while I am texting and surfing the web on my phone and when I realize it, I tell her I actually need then on the hangers and she looks at me like I'm crazy. She never asked me if I wanted them taken off and that would have been a good idea before removing them. Anyways, obviously she is frustrated now and she starts putting the shirts on the hangers randomly, meaning XXL gets a medium hanger, large gets a small hanger, etc. I stop her and ask if she is putting the shirts back on the right hanger and she drops the shirt she is holding and looks at me like she wants to punch me. Anyways, she takes the hangers off and now I step in and start helping out the hangers back on. We ran out if hangers and she basically threw some more in the counter and the cashier next to her said, "Hey, Don't Throw Stuff!". Wow, True 1 Star Customer Service!
2	Very small and bare store. Haven't been into a Gap in several years, but was happy to figure out which size I wear in their jeans- for $70 a pop, I'll use them as a reward when I go down one more. Appreciated that they had petite/short sizes in stock!Store doesn't seem to have much merchandize- it's set up boutique style with registers in the middle and a baby section in the back? Women's section had several striped and plain tees and maxi dresses, and jeans. Men's department seemed to have the same, then the clearance, which was a mess of reject pants that mostly looked visibly unflattering even on the hanger. Took three pairs of pants to the fitting room, where I was shown a room by a disheveled employee who looked super-casual in ripped shorts and old flip flops. After being shown the room, I never saw her again- wasn't asked how I was doing or instructed where to put items that I did not decide to purchase. Folded them per company standards and put them back on the racks and shelves myself. No one told me about their sale/promotion- I had to get that info from a sticker on the mirror in the fitting room. That's a little bizarre, and you'd think there'd be a push to make more sales before it ends... tomorrow.This store was basically a more expensive, smaller, and less-friendly Old Navy. Luckily, I made off with a pair of $10 khaki corduroys from the rest of the mess on the clearance rack. The only communication the cashier made with me was that all sales were final and she needed to see my ID to use my credit card.For this company and brand, I expected better service with the higher price tag. Or, you know, ANY service.
