5	get the quail get the quail get the quail get the quail get the quail get the quail get the quail get the quail get the quail get the quail get the quail get the quail get the quail!
3	Stopped by at 4 p.m. on a Saturday.  I was greeted at the counter by a waitperson who instructed me to sit down and she would take my order.  The TV was tuned into a middle eastern satellite station blaming at top volume some dance show. That was the most dominant feature of the restaurant.  Its brightly lit and very casually decorated, but the food was excellent.I was presented with a complimentary dish of baba ghanouj and toasted pita shards without asking as I sat down in a booth.I had the chicken tawook sandwich at $4.99, but the waitperson was not well prepared to describe it.  She told me it was chicken. Wrapped in a burrito, but not really a burrito.  I told her no fries, but it came with fries anyway.  She said no charge for the fries.  Since I didn't order them, I thought that was a fair deal.I wanted to try the falafil (that's their choice of spelling) and it was good. 4 pieces $2.29.I'd gladly come back, but next time I'll sit farther from the blaring TV.
4	All the food I had was great, particularly the way they spiced it, from the meat to the vegetables to the rice. (I like to think of both the good parts and the bad parts of everything, but I'm having trouble finding any fault here.)Its definitely improved in many ways from its previous incarnation as Jack's Mediterranean Grill; there's more seating, the decor is less barren, and they seem to know more what they are doing on the service front. I think the menu is better too; there is no more generic American grilled food, that you can get any number of other places; instead they have a wider selection of Middle-eastern food.The decor does still seems to be a work in progress; they have some random abstract sheet metal art on the wall, along with Arabic wall hangings, and one-piece plastic molded seating that looks like it was transplanted from a fast food chain. Barely detracts though, considering the food.
4	I am really glad to see some life injected back into this place. I went twice when it was Jack's, but only had the food once (the other time they were out of everything else). Where the previous establishment reeked of grease, now the smell of meats slowly roasting over charcoal hits you before you even walk in the door. It still looks pretty much the same as before, but with a few (awesome) decorations. It's like a guy hastily decorating his college pad before his parents/girlfriend see it for the first time. I am totally a fan. There is not too much seating, and the seating that is there is mostly booths(?) which seat 4-5 people. I went at around 6pm on a weeknight and at first we were one of 2 tables, but eventually the place was hoppin! I think they are still getting used to the ebb and flow of the dinner rush. The food was pretty tasty! They brought out a complimentary appetizer that was sort of an eggplant salsa. I really liked it, but one of my companions didn't really. She got the falafel sandwich, her boy got the large kofta kebab platter, and I got the small shwarma platter with a side of falafel. The falafel are so yummy.. light and not oily tasting. Highly recommended. The shwarma was the perfect amount for me and was served with a nice rice pilaf. My friends both liked their food, but the one complaint was that the 'large' platter just seemed like the same amount of meat in the small platter but with more rice. The prices are reasonable, the service is friendly. I really hope this place sticks around because there is a lot more on the menu I'd love to try!
3	A welcome addition to Champaign.  The grilled chicken and flavored sausages were great.  To say the rice was served generously would be an understatement.  The meat was swimming in it.The quail was okay.  Maybe I just don't like quail.  It was like chicken in the form of frog legs.  All those tiny little bones slow a guy down!The falafels were great!Holy Land could use some help from anyone who has ever arranged a room or decorated anything, ever.  The carnival-style fiberglass bench seating is mounted atop exposed plywood boxes, which appear to have been built by the owner himself.  Needless to say, the quality of the food greatly exceeds that of the atmosphere.The orders were taken and the food was delivered by a waitress, but when it came time to pay the bill, the waitress told us "Whenever you're ready to pay, I'll meet you up front at the register."  I thought this was bizarre.  Just do it like every other restaurant in the world.Our caucasian waitress was friendly, but left me with the impression that Rantoul was about as close as she ever got to the real Holy Land.I've uploaded a few photos.  Of the restaurant.  Not the waitress.
4	The boy and I grabbed some takeout from Holy Land last week.  It was pretty busy for only being 5:30 on a weeknight, which bodes really well for them (and for me, so that they continue making yummy food).  We decided on getting 3 appetizers: Hummus, Stuffed Grape Leaves, and Meat Arayes.  It took a little while to get the food, but they can't really be faulted since we didn't call the order in ahead of time.  I complain only because we had to stand there smelling the delicious food and not getting to eat it.  :)Now, on to the food: Pretty damn marvelous.  The hummus was so flavorful; I was in heaven.  It was drizzled with olive oil and paprika, too.  The grape leaves were good, but by no means the best I've ever had (that title is still claimed by Husnu's in Madison).  The Meat Arayes, however, were phenomenal.  The pita was simultaneously crispy and chewy, the meat juicy and flavorful, but not drippy.  And they were served with these thin, hot pickle slices.  Mmmmmm...amazing.  The only real complaint I have about the food was that our giant order of hummus came with no pita bread.  None!  Seriously?  Who just eats hummus with a spoon?  We ended up putting some on our Meat Arayes, which was still pretty good...but still.  That was disappointing.  Nevertheless, I will of course be back--particularly given that I live about 30 seconds from the restaurant.
3	First a review of the place. It's pretty medium-sized and has some awkward seating with two big tables that can hold 6-8 and then a bunch of 4 person tables. Has a Mediterranean feel with those big tent things that are kinda comical since it's indoors. You can also see their custom kabab grills on the other side of the counter which was cool to look at.Our service was pretty bad, but we also came during lunch time so it also seemed a little understaffed. Took about ~10 minutes to finally put our order in, but they tried to keep us entertained with a complementary eggplant appetizer with baked pita chips. That was actually pretty good.Onto the food.The menu has the usual variety of mediterranean food, including the meat combos, humus, falafel  with some additional indian biryanis mixed in there. My friend tried the quail dish which was the first time we tasted quail and it had a TON of flavor. They did a good job of marinating it in some lemon juice and mediterranean spices...combined with the smokie bbq flavor...oh it was good. Except it was a little harder to eat than chicken because of the size and the bones. I had the meat combo which I enjoyed but the steak meat is definitely better than the chicken (a little dried out). The humus that came with the combo was also especially good, one of the better ones i've tried. Both come with a good serving of friend rice that is more than enough.Next time i'll probably try the Meat Arayes along with the arayes with cheese and falafel sandwich. Overall decent food, not bad for champaign, and worth another visit. Not awesome, but definitely worth trying out.
4	The good was amazing! The ONLY complaint, the restaurant is freaking freeeezing inside. But back to the food. When we sat down, we were presented with a free eggplant/tomato appetizer with spiced baked pita chips. This plate was sooo good. Next, we couldn't decide which of the awesome appetizers to order so we went with the sampler platter. This plate was HUGE. Definitely enough to feed 4 people or so. The add olive oil to spreads so if you're not a fan of lots of oil (I am not), don't forget to ask them to hold the EVOO. We ended up scooping out about 4 tablespoons off the plate. But still, it was gooood. The falafels and grape leaves were both really good too. Falafels were not greasy at ALL and the grape leaves had a good garlicky taste.Since our appetizers were so big, I opted for a salad, the Chopped Arabic Salad which was still huge. I ate only 1/2 of it. Oh and hold the EVOO. It was really good, lots of fresh veggies and really well spiced.My friend got the lamb chops. He had his eye on that right from the beginning. I tried a piece and wow, it was really tender and juicy. You get 4 HUGE chops and a HUGE pile of rice. The rice was really nice and light too, not greasy/buttery at all. Overall, really good place for lunch or dinner. Portions are HUGE - we took pretty much ENTIRE MEALS home. (See my pics!)
3	last week the boy and i got takeout from here and the food was awesome! however, i really hope they get their staff together because the two young guns waitressing/waitering/ringing up my bill are just not doing their food any justice! they were not communicating well and therefore my takeout, which was supposed to take 15 minutes, took 45. it was pretty obvious there was some confusion for the tables they were waiting on as well where one lady decided to take it upon herself to get up and get her table the water they had asked for 10 min prior. besides that (which i feel they will 'fix' soon bc the cooks and what seemed to be the manager were on pt and realized what was going on and apologized to me 100 times) the food was so yummy.i got the falafel sandwich and then hummus and pita. one of the best falafels ever! doesn't hit my spot like my fave place from home, but it is pretty dang close. and the hummus was so yummy too...perfect consistency and flavor. not my favorite pita bread but def better than any other i have had in the c-u area. my boy got the chicken tawook sandwich and he loved it (minus the onion and bell pepper). said it had just enough spice to it and the chicken was nice and tender. we both appreciated the fact that the sandwich wasn't in a regular pita but was a very thin pita-like wrap (don't know name). yum yum. will def keep coming back to this spot.
3	I love this place and the food they serve, but my enthusiasm is waning as the service issues have not improved and the owners appear to be blind to the ambiance concerns that I hear from everyone who has eaten there.The interior is freezing this winter, with no apparent attempt to fix the problem.  If they cannot afford a canvas enclosure to create an air-lock, then a couple of space heaters or turning up the thermostat might allow patrons to eat without wearing their winter coats.The lighting is harsh and way too bright for a place with appetizers and waiter service.  It's lit up like a McDonalds. Or a surgical operating theater.The TV is blaring with an Arabic version of MTV, apparently with the volume set at the optimal level for the dishwashers to hear it in the back room.  But it is something that the patrons must shout over to have a conversation.If you are going to offer appetizers and wait-person service, figure out a way to deliver the appetizers to the patrons in less than 25 minutes after they have been ordered.Lastly, if individuals dining together have entrees that become ready at different times, keep the first ones under a warming lamp and deliver them to the table at the same moment, when everyone's food is ready.These fundamentals are so basic, and yet there has been no apparent improvement since they opened.  I'll continue to go there, but not as often, and I'll hesitate to go when I have someone with me who I know won't be happy with poor service, or when I am feeling intolerant of bad service.Please, someone, have a chat with the proprietor and provide him some well-meaning suggestions.  YMMV
4	I had the falafel wrap and kufta kebab entree. Great flavors, although the wrap was a little too heavy on the tahini. The rice that accompanies the entrees was superb and a perfect compliment to the kebab. Definitely heading here again to try more. :)
4	First of all, this is the best middle-eastern/mediterranean restaurant in the town. A few months before, I would say that 'Istanbul Restaurant is the best', but Holy Land is one step further because it's lower prices.The food is delicious, any kind of kebabs is good. My favourite is Kufta Kebab. All kebabs comes with rice as side order.  If you order a Mixed Grill, they bring an extra side (hummus and baba ganoush). Also, when you take your table, they bring a complimentary appetizer (roasted pita and eggplant). You can also try Kufta Sandwich, it's yummy.Their appetizers are also pretty good, their falafel is so tasty, and cheap. Also I recommend Arayes (with Cheese or Minced Lamb). After the main course, if you have room, you can try their desserts Baklava and Kunefa. Both are tasty desserts.However, the only negative thing for this restaurant is their service. It's pretty slow, you wait at least 15 mins (sometimes it's up to 20-25 mins). And waiter/waitress mostly doesn't understand you clearly, for example when you say "I want falafel before the main course", they may bring it after the main course, and they may bring your desert before main course. It happens sometimes, and this is pretty disappointing.PS: They serve Hookah (Nargile/Sisha) on Friday and Saturday nights after 9.30pm, if you're interested.
3	i so desperately want to give holy land another star because the food is consistently good, but the service is just consistently bad. and i feel awful saying that because whenever i'm here it's very busy and the waiters always look so frazzled, but you'd think after like 4 months it would be figured out by now. i guess it's saying something, though, that i still go back even when i know the service is lacking...can't resist those damn falafels.
4	The best Mediterranean restaurant in town. The price is pretty reasonable, and the serving size is good enough for a person. Some dishes are even good for two. I love the mixed grill, and the kofta kabab. I will try their other dishes too.I think they should re-organize their sitting area. It would be nice to see small tables. They should also work on their heating system in winter; it is too cold inside during winter. Their service is pretty slow, so be prepared for a long wait before getting your food.
4	Great food.  The aforementioned ambience issues apply, but the wait service was balanced for my visit.  The place was just over half-full, so that helped.I had the quail dish, and it is very good.  You actually don't have to pick out the bones - I ate it European style, aka I crunched down the smaller bones along with the meat, and only picked out the backbone and drumstick.  Someone won't need calcium supplements.My friend/dinner partner had the mixed grill set.  It was delicious - myself, I would probably have felt like the price was a bit steep for the amount of meat (it was generous but for the price, could have been better).  This was offset by their giving him a very generous serving of hummus with it.The prices are very fair.  The portions are very generous.  The wait staff is friendly if a little disorganized occasionally.  I have no complaints, and highly recommend this place.  Now if they could source some pigeon...
5	Got takeout tonight which was amazing. I got the Holy Land Mixed Grill with 3 kinds of meat (chicken, lamb and shawerma), 2 kinds of rice, hummus, baba ghanouj, and 2 pieces of pita bread for only $12.99. This was a huge portion, enough for dinner tonight and lunch tomorrow.
3	Eh.  I would probably not come back here.  The portions are huge, true, but when half the plate is covered in rice, that's not saying much.  I got the Kufta Kebab, large size, for $8.99 and felt like the amount of meat I got didn't really reflect the price.  If you really, really like rice I guess this is the place for you.  The kufta kebab itself was well-spiced but kind of dry.The falafel appetizer was really good, and some of the other dishes posted here look like a pretty good deal, especially for vegetarians.  If I did come back, I'd probably stick with the falafel sandwich.
4	During the past year, this little spot on Neil transformed from Jack's Grill into Holy Land Grill.  Many of the dishes (mostly the kebabs, falafel, hummus, etc.) have remained the same, but some new items are now served, including grilled quail, lamb, kibbeh, and many appetizers.  I have to admit that the restaurant's interior is much improved over Jack's Grill, but still quirky.  If I plan to dine in, I enjoy coming for a late lunch or early dinner when few patrons are around because the restaurant's TV will play fun music videos from another country (I assume Jordan, as it's the home country of the owner...?).  There are only a few tables available, though most of these tables (which are an '80s-inspired turquoise) seat only groups of 6 or more--not the most efficient use of an already limited space.  There seems to be a fairly high turnover of wait staff here, and most appear to struggle through their tasks.  I usually don't sweat it, though, since I often get my food to-go.As for the food, my friends and I usually share a plate of hummus and baba ganoush before our meal.  While the hummus is always delicious (topped with a layer of olive oil and paprika), the baba ganoush is a bit too gray and slimy for me.  During random visits, we've sometimes received a free appetizer that consists of fried pita chips and chunks of pickled eggplant (much better than the baba ganoush, in my opinion).  However, I haven't been able to figure out a pattern in why we're given this free appetizer on some days and not others (maybe when we've brought along particularly charming girls...?).  The other discrepancy I've encountered is the lack of grilled onions and tomatoes on my plate when I order entrees, though the menu claims that these items are included with the meals.  I won't complain too much about the veggies, though, because I am extremely fond of the other side dish served with the entrees, a spiced rice with chopped almonds and parsley.  While vegetarians can enjoy a few great dishes here, the real treat is...the meat!  Both the steak and chicken shish kebabs are almost always a bit dry and tough, but the steak ones compensate with great flavor.  Personally my favorite entrees to order are the meat shawarma and shish tawook.  People rave about the grilled quail, and while I agree that it is well-seasoned, I am usually annoyed with all the bones in those tiny birds!This hearty food is a bargain for lunch.  Many of the half-portion entrees and sandwiches are less than $6.  Dinner prices are also fairly reasonable as the portions are generous.While waiting for takeout orders, I've casually spied on the cooks as they work behind the counter.  I like their technique for fanning the charcoal to life: a hair-dryer!  I can also tell they put a lot of gentle care in their grilling and food preparation.  Nevertheless, there is usually quite a wait for both a table and meals, which is troublesome if you are rushed or planning to stay for a meal on your lunch break.  If you want to enjoy food from Holy Land, my advice is to just order by telephone in advance.
3	OK, I decided to write an update about my other comment,First, the service is getting better. Their new waitress is pretty helpful and communicative with the customers, as just she needs to be. Positive point.However, they do not serve the eggplant appetizer (on the house) anymore. Plus they reduced the portions I guess. You can still get lots of rice, but the kebab portions (especially lamb chops) are smaller. Recently, I'm not satisfied with their meat quality as well. Maybe they've changed their butcher or something else, but I cannot get the same taste I had last year.Overall, I'll go for 3-stars, instead 4-4,5 which I gave before.
4	Had lunch on Black Friday at Holy Land.  First visit - there will be more.  For a late lunch time, we were only the second table, a third group came in after us.  First impression was of the wind from the open door blowing off some of the paper place mats.  Since there is no vestibule, the cold air comes in when the door opens.  Keep your sweater on!There seemed to be one employee doing everything, but when we went to the counter to pay, we noticed two others in the back.  A cute young girl was learning the register that day!Now to the food... we shared the Mixed Grill and appetizer of four falafel with yogurt sauce.  The Mixed Grill came with fresh hummus , rice and pita breads.  We really enjoyed three types of grilled meat - lamb, beef and chicken kabaabs.  All were flavored well and there was plenty to share.  There are many items on the menu to try and we'll go again... maybe carryout next time.
2	I gave it a high rating and good review before, but now I am changing it. The food is now bad :1. One day they served koyal, which smelled like old dried fish.2. Another day they served us too salty mixed grill, and no salt in another  kabab that I can not remember right now, at all.3. The rice used to be better before.I will miss their good food :(
4	Pretty awesome Mediterranean food for Champaign. I've only been here once but my boyfriend and I really enjoyed it. Our food came quickly, and while we were waiting we watched what seemed to be a Middle Eastern version of MTV, which was pretty entertaining. We also didn't spend that much but walked out with a ton of food leftover, enough for us to eat an entire lunch the next day.The only downside of this place, for me at least, was the atmosphere and decorations. I thought it was a little weird and disconnected, but if you come in for a quick bite and just want some good food, it's a nice spot to go.
2	Decent food. You get a LOT of rice, which I feel is too dry. Falafel was overcooked. Service is slow, and the food comes out in spurts. Had a cucumber salad which was good. Cannot recommend for a group, but for a couple of people it's fine.
3	Champaign is a great restaurant city, but the options for Middle Eastern food are rather limited, so I'm glad that Holy Land Grill exists.  It isn't the best Middle Eastern food I've ever had, but it's pretty good.  I was there yesterday and had the falafel and a Greek salad and enjoyed both.  Service was attentive and friendly, which was a welcome change after the last few times we'd been there.  They started our meal with complimentary bottles of water, which seemed odd and wasteful (but I suppose washing water glasses wastes resources, too.)  They also serve Mexican Coca-Cola, which was an interesting change of pace.  Dessert was baklava-very good but came topped with a simple syrup that didn't do much for it.  Serving the baklava plain or with a drizzle of honey would have been better.  One more thing;  I know I'm always complaining about loud music in restaurants, but there was no music at all at Holy Land. Some soft Middle Eastern music would have been a nice touch.  All in all, I enjoyed my meal at Holy Land and plan to return soon.
4	Holy Land has transitioned nicely into its own pace post-Jack's, and it's nice to see it working out.  The sandwiches themselves are cheap and filling, and oh god falafel is pretty amazing here.  I like to sit in the one booth that is under a tent-like canopy and feel extra special.  Particularly if they're playing the usual fare of Arab-language music videos.  After a ridiculous day, sitting under a semi-tent and watching muic videos whilst eating falafel might be one of the best non-alcoholic mood lifters ever.
3	Visited again, I really like their hummus. Sometimes the beef seems overcooked and dry, but the chicken is usually excellent. Service has improved.
4	If you're not planning to dine in, call well in advance.  They take their time here.  I've been to Holy Land several times.  I really love the food here and they are very generous with their humus.  Whenever I dine in though, the food takes forever to come out.  The service is alright-- friendly cooks.  I shared the 6-person meal with 5 other people for $60 (I think). A feast of humus, pita, chicken kebobs, lamb, quail, and other delicious treats came out, but there was a lot more rice than any of the other food.  It seemed more like a 5-person meal with enough rice for 10 people.  I took the rice home and put it in the fridge.  It just doesn't taste as good after it's cold once.
3	Oh Holy Land.  Why are you serving such shitty stale pita with such awesome hummus?  Why did your baba ghanoush get all weird?  Still tasty, actually, but there didn't seems to be much eggplant in it.  Maybe you did what you did another time, which was to substitute something else for the item that you were out of without mentioning it to me?  Backstory: I love the appetizer sampler.  I am addicted to the hummus and falafel.  I'm not a big fan of grape leaves but that's just a thing about me, and these grape leaves could totally be the best ever.  And there is, in theory baba ghanoush.Story: But this one time I ordered it and the only things that came out were falafel and hummus.  Which was great for me, except maybe they might have at least mentioned "we are out of half the things in this menu item."  Holy Land, you do not have people skills.I stopped eating meat awhile back but when I did eat the chicken and lamb kabobs here they were pretty awesome.I would probably recommend what I am doing tonight- eating the appetizer sampler and scooping up tons of tasty hummus with fresh vegetables instead of stupid stale pita.  Holy Land your pita is a DISHONOR to your hummus.
5	Wonderful food and an amazing addition to our community!
