2	The good:  very easy to order online, quick delivery and the parmesan bread bites are awesome.The bad:  Regular pizzas tend to be a bit on the greasy side and the crust can be a bit too mushy for my taste.The ok:  The new Artisan pizzas have a nice crunchy crust (which I like), but they seem kind of skimpy on toppings.  All in all, if you are mainly looking for a convenient way to get dinner to the table Dominos will work for you.  If you are mainly looking for fabulous tasting pizza, Dominos may not be the best choice.
5	Great customer service!!! In and out with our order less than 15mins.
4	I've eaten there a few times in the last month.  The folks that work there are pleasant enough, but I usually wait for my food in the store...
2	I had a handtossed pepperoni pizza which was great but the bone less chicken was pathetic 8 dry tiny pieces in a big ass box 15 $ for both now thats rediculous u don't think I will get any chicken again!
4	I must say the order today was quick and the pepperoni pizza was awesome ...and to top it of they do military discount ..woot woot ..thank you Dominos
4	We always order from this Domino's. The delivery drivers are awesome the are on time and polite. I love ordering online the pizza tracker is very helpful, my son likes to watch it because it tells him how long it will take for the pizza to get here.The pizza was great it was hot and fresh! Great service which gave a great tip. The pizza arrived earlier then what it said but I am not complaining.
4	Never a bad experience in the 3 plus years I have ordered from here. Nice when you are in a hurry and absolutely love the pizza tracker (not sure more places don't do this). Sure it's a chain, but I enjoy the pizza, the prices, and the service. Thank you Dominos!
1	horrible service their app allowed me to place the order for delivery -  after setting up everything and placing order  I get a call they do not deliver  to my address I would need to call another store to pace order.  what a crock      -  they need to fix their apps
