4	I am not only new to the area, but to the southwest. I'm so excited to try food from as many taquerias as possible to find my favorite. Taqueria Los Angeles is yummy and super inexpensive. $5 for "your choice of two" with rice and beans. I will certainly return.
5	Unpretentious, ... nothing fancy at all,  Taco and Burritos , this place is just a neighborhood restaurant with great food. I have been waited on by the 12 year old kid behind the counter,  ... the decor' is nothing to write home about, but all of this is what adds to the charm of the hole in the wall treasure!
5	moved from cali and could not find good mexican food....now i found it.
5	Nothing fancy... just a hole-in-the-wall place where one would expect some pretty good food.  There was just one guy working there, taking orders, cooking, and waiting tables.  There isn't much room to sit, just a few 'fast food' type booths.  I was ordering takeout so that didn't matter.I ordered some tacos al carbon to go.  While I was waiting, a few others were served their food and it really looked yummy!  One of the customers got up, went behind the counter and got a soda refill... apparently accepted practice here and a hint of how low-key the place is.  My tacos were excellent!  My "good food at hole-in-the-walls" notion was preserved, and I'll be going back.  If you're looking for a chain restaurant, keep driving.  But the laid-back low-key atmosphere was just what I was looking for.
2	Because of the good yelp reviews, my wife and I decided to try this joint out.  It is just a whole in the wall.  There was no one else inside when we showed up around 7 15 on Saturday night.  I ordered three tacos--chicken, fish, and steak.  My wife ordered chicken enchiladas.  We got it to go and it was ready in about ten minutes.We got home and were excited to try our food.  Unfortunately everything was under par except the chips and salsa.  The chicken and steak were a little over cooked. Flavors ok, but nothing amazing.  Enchiladas were just ok. The beans tasted like they were from a can.  My tacos were a little bland.  Really, nothing was great.  I really wanted this place to be great.  I'm always rooting for little places like this...but I cant tell people to go here over Carolina's.  Cheap food and cheap taste.  Maybe other items on the menu are good...but I don't think I'll be going back to see.  Good luck taqueria Los Angeles.
5	Fish tacos! ASU MADRE!!! TOO BOMB!!!
4	I stopped in here today and tried the 5 tacos for $5 special. I had the adobada tacos and I thought they were very good. The chips they gave me for free looked like standard out of the bag but the salsa was home made and I liked it. Gave me a little nostalgia of eating at a taco stand in downtown LA when I was a kid so I had a good time.  I'll definitely eat here again if I'm in the area.
4	It looks like a hole in the wall. The only reason we stopped by was cause we really wanted some Mexican food and this was the closest thing. But the food was SO good! My wife had flautas and wouldn't stop talking about how amazing they were. I had a carne asada burrito. The food was great. The a/c must have been broken or something cause it was hot in there. But the food, totally worth it!
5	All I have ever ordered here is the 2 Gorditas dinner (carne Asada ) . It's perfectly cooked and seasoned and mouth watering .  The Gorditas themselves are crisp on the outside and fluffy in the Inside
4	I'm literally waiting for my meal right now, I hope it's good!---------------------------MMMMmmmmmmmmm Mmmmmmmmmmmmm B*****!!!! Wow this is pretty damn good! I can't believe Ive literally worked across the street for almost two years and never checked this place out... Well, maybe I can... Carolina's is like 75 feet away lol I'm not sure what that other reviewer was looking for/talking about but this place is definitely not as he described it. It's a little family owned place and it's a little warm inside but other than that, it's fantastic. I ordered the 2 floutas dinner plate and was surprised by the portion size. These floutas are jumbo sized and taste great! Warm and crispy with some nice shredded beef. Beans are great! Rice is good, soft and moist. Salsa is chunkier than any other mexican place I've been to so I have no idea why the other reviewer said it's "watery" Overall, if you're looking for a 5-Star Iron Chef Mexican Food Restaurant then you've came to the wrong place but if you want some quality Mexican food that doesnt end in "'tos" and has a "homey"
5	I tried to give Taqueria Los Angeles a chance. And I definitely do not regret it at all. Everything there is pure quality and the food is full of flavor. The employees were super nice to me. Especially this 14-year old girl who works there she was the sweetest girl I've ever talked to. The one part I really liked about that restaurant was that when you walk in it smells like Home cooked meals. So if you are ever around Peoria and hungry come give this place a try. I know I will be coming back to Taqueria Los Angeles!
1	Always closing early and never got to try them yet. Today arrived at 7:41 and female employee turned the sign to close and locked front door. I had just turned my car off and was annoyed. Owner needs to know his staff are closing earlier than 8pm posted closing time-cardinal sin in food business
5	You gotta try "Tortas". The staff is nice and professional. Clean, cheap and DELICIOUS place. Highly recommended.
4	We discovered this place bc. Carolina's was closed on Sunday!  This is noe my go to for carne asada! Its sooo tender and full of flavor! Their Gorditas are amazing! their beans are like the beans my abuelita made back in the day! Only draw back, their AC dont work well and their bottled drinks are kind of warm.
5	Okay we ALWAYS go to Carolinas across the street from here. Ummmm yeah that won't happen anymore! I had a ceviche tostada and camaron al mojo de ajo (garlic butter shrimp) my husband and Daughter had menudo and goditas de pollo...... I must say that was THEE best ceviche I have had in a while. Everything was good and I am very picky with spanish rice (cuz I make the best hehehe) but their rice passed the test! The beans were HOMEMADE not canned rosaritos lol.......since carolinas is closed on sundays guess where we'll be going for sunday hangover menudo??!...... P.S. while we were there an employ from carolinas came in for food hahahaha need I say more?!
4	Good food, nothing fancy. Will go there again.Gotta try their" fish filet Mexican style", just awesome.
1	We spent weeks trying to catch this place open. Tonight was the night. Come on folks....this was horrible. I cook Mexican better than this and wish I had and for those of you that think its better than Carolina's...I dont even know what to say. We ordered simple. The beans were tasteless and runny, not in a good way either. We will never go here again, ugh.
5	Oh my god.. Thank you, yelpers. I've been looking for good Mexican food since moving here. One thing you should be advised about if coming here for the first time, do not order too much. I'm so used to small portions, I didn't realize. I had my boyfriend go and pick up some food. I got nachos and two beef hard tacos. I could barely finish the nachos that I found out was "half size". I saved the tacos that came with a large side of beans and cheese for lunch the next day. Really great food. Hope to come and eat inside next time.
