4	I demand that all Forever 21's immediately transform into huge superstores like this one. I have so much fun in here. I can spend hours looking for clothes and trying things on and then narrowing my picks once it comes time to pay. I love how they have different rooms that separate the style. Granted, F 21's clothes aren't made to stand the test of time but their apparel is priced accordingly. I've never left without buying a couple of things.
1	I brought my sweet sister in law shopping at this Forever 21 location.  She had a bag full of goodies (several hundreds of dollars worth) from H&M.  She stopped at Forever 21 and  sat her bag on the ground right beside her while she tried on a pair of shoes.  Her H&M bag was stolen during that brief moment that the bag was not in her arms.....and while this certainly was not the responsibility of Forever 21....we were so disappointed in the way the Forever 21 staff reacted. They did not call security, or the police, or even offer any condolences.  They just shrugged their shoulders.  My sister in law did love some of the fashions at Forever 21....but the store was such a mess.  There were clothes all over the floor under each and every rack.  There were way too few staff members working, and many who were working were "socializing" with one another instead of helping customers or maintaining the store inventory in a decent fashion. The only employees that were on task were:  1 at the checkout, and 1 at the fitting rooms - there was a band of 5 girls dressing one mannequin while the store was amidst in chaos (including someone stealing bags from other customers)..... So - if you choose to shop at this store - hold on to your bags :)
2	The girls working there are pretty annoying. They yell at each other and act as if they're in high school (they probably are). The "customer service" is non existent.  They act as if helping the customer is the most annoying thing in the world because it dares to cut into their gossiping time. Besides that, it's a fine store, what you'd expect;  stupid loud music, super cheap clothes that are quite cute actually, but probably made by 10 yr olds.
5	This store has the most pleasant employees of any Forever 21 I have ever been to. The girls are always smiling and they take the time to esquire if you need help. The other day, I went in and an employee spent over 10 minutes helping me locate a particular skirt my sister wanted for Christmas.
5	Best Forever 21 I've been to (besides the NYC Times Square one). Then again, this one might be even better since the NYC one has lots of extra sections that add to its overwhelming nature. This store is well-organized and has both guys and girls and is split into obvious sections (e.g. preppy, clubbing, 90s wannabe, etc). The staff is also extremely helpful and will gladly (and quickly) help you reach for things that are too high. Best store in the whole Arizona Mills Mall (which is a little lacking itself).
4	This forever 21 specifically has to be the messiest out of all the other ones in AZ. it's not their faults. They don't put enough people on the floor so obviously the associates are constantly trying to clean and when they get distracted by a customer, another customer goes ahead and either leaves trash or clothes on the floor in the mean time, I see it. Not to mention when there's already enough clothes in each room, the visual team HAS to put more clothes in the rooms because that's their job. I understand there is certain employees who either just started and don't know what there doing or other ones who just don't care  about their job and don't know why there still there.But then again there are the great employees who will help you for about 20 mins because what you're looking for is probably in the wrong section/ room like half the things are. So don't blame them, more than half the time its customers leaving literally bags of clothes in rooms/ shelves or hanging in the wrong area because they decided they didn't want it anymore!! It also depends what time you go when forever has a whole room for jewelry  because those items go the quickest! Anyway, you can call ahead of time to ask if they only have a wall of jewelry or if the whole accessories room has mostly jewelry and they will tell you.Also, the shoes will only be in one section which is right behind the accessories wall, yes there will be shoes on the wall in certain rooms but you has to understand that most of them are from a few months ago or more and in forever time there is a high chance that they will not have any extras in the back because clothes/shoes/etc do not last very long because they only make about 15-20 extras of everything and those go by quick over months.BUT never be afraid to ask them to look in the stock room for clothes or shoes because they always have something there just most of the time they make up excuses to how nothing's there. Shoes tend to go by the fastest but it never hurts to check.All in all this forever has 11 rooms not including the 3 huge center sections that have different styles in each one. No one can say that they don't have variety and if you're one of those people than you obviously have not looked through those thousands of racks thoroughly and one by one because there is still even clothes from 2012 in there and as for customer service it depends who you get, if your not happy with someone who's helping you just ask for another employee or complain to a manager.  And obviously Friday's, Saturday's And Sunday's are their busiest days so u can definitely plan on waiting in big lines after 11am on those days. My favorite days to go are Monday through Wednesday. Occasionally there is big lines but not nearly as crazy/ messy as the weekends. Forever has great prices for so much variety and make sure to read your receipt before deciding to return it. NO REFUNDS/ only store credit or even exchange/ and you can absolutely not exchange anything from the sale section even if it was the wrong size and you found the same exact size in a M. I go for the clothes and prices, not the exceptional service or organized rooms or their crappy return policy that many customers tend to either cuss them out over or try to start fights.
2	I'm giving 2 stars because they carry so much, however heres the negative to that: the racks are jammed packed that it makes it quite difficult to move crap around. My experience wasn't such a good one this time around. I'm used to being completely left alone in the store which is fine until you really need help locating an item. Found a dress, only one my size. It was covered in deodorant and had no price tag. Decided to take it; went into check out asked for pricing and if they give discounts for dirty clothes. Girl said "my manager doesn't give discounts just because it's deodorant" ummm have you forgotten that I am giving you my money for merchandise that should meet my standards? Guess not. Workers suck, area sucks....but cheap ass clothes so eh
3	Not bad for a Forever 21. This is actually one of the cleaner and more organized Forever 21's I have been in. I only visit Forever 21's when I need specific things because they are overwhelming, cluttered, and their products are not the best quality. However, I was looking for a specific pair of leggings and the girls who worked there were helpful and able to show me exactly what I was looking for.
