2	There's a reason why there are only two reviews currently for this place. Maybe it's that spending thirty minutes in the main bar area will make you spontaneously asphyxiate.  They seriously need to invest in an air purifier.  The bar itself is a huge space, though very few will ever make it into the back room.  It's essentially a dead zone.  There's a fancy back bar that remains closed so that two bartenders can roost on top of each other like Master/Blaster in Beyond Thunderdome and watch TV.  This kind of forces patrons to hover near the front.  So, uh, invest in a second TV, a nice coat of paint, maybe some dimmer light bulbs.  You know, gussy yourself up a bit Murphy's.  It will make you feel more confident.  Who doesn't want a new coat of paint? Huh? HUH? The reason that this place is a two, is that it has an unbelievable amount of potential that's just squandered.
4	I just moved to Pittsburgh, and found Murphy's Tap room my first week here.  I wandered in on a Wednesday, when they have poker games from 7 until late.  The bartender was quick with the drinks and also very friendly, even when things got a bit busier.  The bar is big, but most people seemed to congregate up front, as an earlier review mentioned.  There are a lot of smokers, but I didn't find it overwhelming.  The crowd seemed to be mostly regulars and people there for poker, but everyone was super friendly. I saw that they offered some bar munchies (nachos, popcorn, etc) but I didn't try any so I can't comment.  The only downside I can see is that the bar is cash only, but they have an ATM on site if you are like me and only brought a card.  I liked this place overall - it's a quiet, slightly dingy neighborhood bar that is great for relaxing after work.
3	For what it is, this place does the job. Cheap, powerful drinks without any distractions such as...dinner. There is a list of available wines posted outside the front door, but why on earth would you come here for wine? It's a beers-and-booze place all the way. At 8pm on a Friday night, the front room was perhaps a quarter full. The bartender was friendly and the service was snappy, but I can't picture this being a regular destination. The air is thick with cigarette smoke, and the decor grim and dingy, with more light coming from the TV than from the overheads. I guess what I'm saying is, it's exactly what I picture an OTB from the early 80s to have been like.Verdict: if you want a quick drink (and I mean "drink," not "cocktail"), it's a bargain. Recommended for time travelers, day boozers, and folks who hate HVAC.
4	After reading a majority of the prior reviews of this place, I feel like I should get out the soapbox again, because some of you should be ashamed of yourselves.  Especially the one that never stepped foot inside.  I mean how do you write a review of a place you NEVER experienced.  And all the complaining about the smoke...get used to it.  What did you do years ago when people were allowed to smoke wherever they went?  Yes, I know it's a nuisance.  Yes, I am a smoker myself, but I have enough common sense to be a polite smoker (this is my personal choice, and it is your personal choice not to smoke, as it is a business' choice to allow or not allow smoking in its establishment).Anyway, let's move forward.  I was skeptical of this place long before ever reading reviews, and long before I discovered Yelp.  The outside of the bar looks old, which may have been a factor in deterring me for so long.  It looks like it would be a one room tiny bar, but looks are deceiving, it is actually a big space.The front is a typical barroom.  The bar takes up a good part of the room.  But there is a fair amount of space for people to walk about freely when going to the door.  Behind the bar is a small seating area where there are bar stools.  In the back of the place they appear to have just about everything you would expect a bar to have.  Pool table, multiple dart boards, and I even believe a shuffleboard table.  I cannot speak of how it is in the back as I only glanced on my way to the bathroom.  The bathroom I had used however, was rather small.  Just enough room for you to do your business and turn around to wash your hands.The staff here on the particular night I attended were polite, funny and nice to chat with.  They were knowledgeable about the brews on tap and every beer they had in stock.  The drinks, by the way, were truly amazing.  Just the right mixture of everything when they made up your drink of choice.  And just to make sure you were enjoying the drink, the bartender came back around and asked if it was to your liking.  The bartender even made sure it wasn't too strong and offered to add to the drink to balance it better.As for the limited food they had to offer, I cannot really talk about.  The food I did see that patrons ordered looked palatable, so on my next visit I might give it a try.  I have to say, that any place that offers popcorn for $.25 is alright by me (better than having it sitting on the bar and you have no idea who has put their hands in there).
3	Yeah it's dirty and smoky, but so what? It's got cheap beer and is an ok spot for a quiet pint. The front bar feels a bit grotty but the back is big and it's fine to hang out in. Nothing special but not terrible either.
4	A great dive in Regent Square. If you long for a break from the crowds at D'z and the tap room, this is your place. You will not receive angry stars from the regulars as you walk in and the bartenders are friendly.It's quite smoky though so be prepared to come out wreaking of nicotine.
3	Rating on bar/drink service only. Total dive bar, which I love. The place is dimly lit and people were smoking inside. The alcohol was cheap but you have to pay cash, and they do not allow you to keep a tab. Not horrible, but kinda annoying. I think this kind of bar would be fun for a group so you could take advantage of the shuffle board and stuff like that.
1	I have been in this bar many times with a friend of mine (who has been a patron for decades) and I thought the owners were really nice people but now I wonder.  My friend is now confined to a wheelchair and still likes to frequent this bar, however, there are a couple of steps that lead into the back rooms where there are pool tables, dart boards, etc.  She cannot get to this area and has a ramp that she would give to the owners so she can access this area.  They refuse to put in the ramp.  I thought all public businesses had to comply with the Americans With Disabilities Act as long as it does not create an undue hardship.  Tell me, how is putting down a ramp that is given to you for free a hardship!  SHAME ON YOU CATHY!
