4	Nirvana Pool is the calmer, more relaxed sibling of the famous Rehab Pool at the Hard Rock. Instead of bumping loud house/electronica and remixed pop tracks, Nirvana Pool's speakers emit classic rock and alternative tunes to the likes of Nirvana (what else do you expect to hear at a pool named after the famed grunge band?), Led Zeppelin, Smashing Pumpkins, Bush, Soundgarden, etc. etc. The pool is divided into two jointed areas - a sand pool and a regular tiled pool, so you can choose whether to stick your toes in the sand or keep them clean on concrete. They also have a separate warmer tub pool in which you can relax and play some BlackJack while submerged in water. As for food and drinks, the menu is the same as at Rehab Pool. Standard pool-side fare such as sandwiches, burgers are available, but they also offer several delicious large salads as well as some rice bowls (meat & vegetarian options). The drinks are pricey just like they are everywhere in Vegas, but the Hard Rock pool bartenders make them nice and strong. My favorite is the Paloma with Belvedere vodka (grapefruit juice, Triple Sec, splash of sprite) - it kicks that hangover to the curb in just a couple of sips!There are a few large day beds that people can reserve (with a standard minimum charge towards food & booze), as well as several cabanas that offer more privacy, lots of shade, sun beds in front of it and a couch and TV on the inside of the cabana. So far the staff has always been great - very friendly and quick to take your order and return with your goodies. Beach towels are provided on one end of the pool and the restrooms are close by. They also have several tables set up for beer pong if you feel inclined to party hard with your buddies!
5	The pool to be at no matter what. San bottom is so cool.
5	Wanted to spend a Saturday at the pool with a bunch of friends.  Wanted to get a cabana but not break the bank.  I was quoted anywhere from $1500-4000 for a cabana at the Paradise Pool (where the pool party takes place).  So I opted to call my Amex Platinum Concierge.  They gave me 2 different price options.  $750 Food and Bev min for the Paradis Pool for a basic cabana or $250 min for cabana at the Nirvana pool.  After reading some of the reviews here on yelp, we opted for the Nirvana pool and was glad that we did.  We arrived at 10am to secure the cabana.  They have you go there "airport" like security to get to the pool.  For the party pool, you have to wear swimming trunks (no reg shorts) and no big bags for the ladies.  However, for the Nirvana pool, you can pretty much wear anything.  No food or drinks.  I suggest getting the "complimentary" wristband for the party pool as well.  We got a great cabana (#130) located right next to the walkway up to the party pool.  The cabana could comfortable seat 5-6 people inside with 2 lounge chairs out front.  There is a TV, safe, fridge (not sure what the purpose is since you can't bring in food or drinks), and fan.  We were right next to the sandy entrance to the pool.  The pool is nice and not your typical hotel pool. You can bring out your drinks and just chill.  The DJ in the morning was spinning classic rock, that turned into Top 40 by the end of the day.  It is crazy that you can't hear the music from the party pool next door.  Food and drinks were reasonably priced.  Bucket of beers (5) were going for $30-35.  Service was awesome.  Everyone was hustling back and forth to get us our food and drinks.  Never had to wait long.  We also enjoyed walking over to the other pool and checking out the scene. Then walking back to our cabana to relax.  Even though this is the "family" pool, we didn't see that many kids at all.If we every return to vegas, we would love to do this cabana again.
4	If ur in the mood to relax a little more then the crazyness at rehab, then this is a great spot. Locals welcome also a plus...
4	Not sure where to post about the Hard Rock Hotel & Casino Pool Complex when you're not actually talking specifically about Rehab, which is what you hear about the most so I'll post this here and on the page for the hotel.  But, the coolest thing about the Hard Rock Hotel Pool Complex is that during the week, you can use the pools for FREE!  Yup, I said free!When we walked in there wasn't anyone around to direct us or check us or anything, so we just grabbed some towels and started wandering to see where we wanted to hang out.  The first thing we saw was the Rehab pool area and there was a DJ booth set up, the big pool and then a bar and swim up gaming that was not being used while we were there.  The pool continued on the other side and around the bar and on that side, there was a water slide.  I was happy about that as I love waterslides!  We wandered until we found a spot that had a little sun, but plenty of shade, too as the husband likes to stay in the shade.  We got settled in and after a little while decided it was time to take a dip. OH HELL NO!  The pool was so freaking cold I could not stay in it... we headed to the Jacuzzi to warm up and I knew there was no way I was hitting THAT waterslide.  The water was like ice water.  That would explain why so few people were in it.  I was pretty bummed, but we went back toour lounge chairs and did some reading.  Oh, by the way, near the DJ side of the pool there are VERY few chairs... if you want to sit, you need to rent the daybeds, etc. that are available, but as you head to the other side, you will find some chairs, but not many!After we'd been there a couple of hours, we decided to go try the little pool near the top of the waterslide to see if it was warmer (it wasn't) and then we saw a sign for another pool, so started exploring.  What we found were more cabanas that are above the DJ area and another pool, Breathe.  Unfortunately, Breathe was closed so we couldn't even see it, but then we noticed just around another corner was the Nirvana pool and thank you, this one was warm enough to swim in and there was a pool near the bar that was seriously warm.  We picked up our gear and headed over to Nirvana, aptly named at this point.Nirvana has a sandy beach on one side and the other side is your standard tile pool.  It is also surrounded by cabanas and there is a bar with some bar games and it looks like they do swim up gaming when they are busier.It's unfortunate that the other pools are so freezing, but its nice to know that there was still a pool that is swimmable.  I just wish we'd discovered it earlier in the day!I loved the layout and the landscaping of the Hard Rock pools.  The option for non-guests to visit for free during the week is AWESOME, but I think they make up for it with the outrageous drink prices, so we stuck to the free ice water they set out.  I just can't drop $20 on a 12oz drink.  YIKES!I definitely recommend you check this out when you're pool hopping Vegas like we do in the summer and we will totally be back if they do this next summer!
4	Definitely a beautiful spot to relax and chill.   Kid friendly spot as well.  Sand bottom is wonderful, water is perfect...many places to relax in the pool as well as poolside cabanas that won't break the bank.  The only thing I have to say that is not positive is the sand poolside is LETHAL...it is so hot that it is unbearable so if you go get a chair close to the water or off of the sand and bring some shoes instead of flip flops
