5	We were looking for a late spring round of golf, and decided on Las Sendas, after hearing great things about the place.  The first thing I noticed was that the $60 rate includes range balls, which is something that I'm not used to.  Superstition Springs had a comparable tee time with a rate of $50, but when you add in up to $10 for range balls, the two courses are comparably priced.  It leaves a great first impression when you show up, pay the advertised rate, and don't get nickle-and-dimed just for warming up.The second good impression came when I got a call from one of the guys in my group, who was running late because of an unexpected freeway closure.  I mentioned this to the starter, who was more than happy to accommodate us.  The staff was very friendly in general, and they almost seemed like they liked having us there, in contrast to some of those courses where they herd you around like cattle.The actual course was excellent.  There were plenty of interesting holes, the layout was challenging, and the setting felt pastoral.  Some courses, Kokopelli for example, have houses so close to the fairway that any slightly errant ball has a good chance of getting lost or hitting a house.  At Las Sendas, there are houses, but they left the fairways wide enough that it felt wide open, and in most cases, even left a desert buffer between the houses and the fairways.  And perhaps best of all, this course offers some of the best scenery I've seen at a golf course in Phoenix.  The 18th tee box, among others, offers a sweeping view of the Phoenix area; constantly throughout the day, I was cursing myself for not having brought my camera.After a very enjoyable 18, we ate lunch at the clubhouse, and decided we wanted to play more.  They got us back out at a very reasonable $20 replay rate.Now I'm not a very experienced golfer, but I think I have a new favorite public course.  Even my colleague, who is experience, said after the fifth or sixth hole, "This might be a little premature, but I think this might be my new favorite public course in Phoenix."
4	I decided to take advantage of the low summer golf rates in the valley, and try Las Sendas Golf Club. Several golfers that I had played with on other courses suggested I try it.  When I arrived, it was evident that there was construction of a new pro shop, and I had to wander around until I found the temporary pro shop in a trailer. Not being deterred by the immediate construction area, I was anticipating the round from everything I had heard about the course.The golf course is great.  They have a very nice driving range and practice area, and it is included in the price of the round.  I was favorably impressed, as the range was in great shape, the yardage was provided to the flags, and the hitting area was level. Plus, because it wasn't busy, I could spend as much time on the range as I wanted, before I played.The fairways are in excellent condition, and the greens were true.  There are houses along the golf course, but they are set back enough that you do not have to worry about hitting them with errant shots.  Several of the holes are fairly straightforward, but most are outstanding.  Some I consider  the most picturesque in the area, and because of the elevation, many holes have wonderful views of the valley.Apparently they have new owners/management, and they are really working at making the club a first class experience.  I was favorably impressed, and am adding this to my list of favorite courses in the valley.
4	4 1/2 stars easily! It's mid December and this course was in immaculate shape. I'm not sure if they just over seeded recently but the fairways looked better then astro turf - pure perfection. The views here are breathtaking and even the range and practice areas are perfect. i was told the course had recent change in ownership and is now Canadian owned and is around ten years old. The best scenic hole is #18 and looks like it should be in a postcard. The pro shop is now build, well stocked and hot dogs at the turn are delish too! I highly recommend playing Los Sendas Golf course you will not be disappointed.
5	I'm raising my stars to a full Five! Played here on  Wednesday and the course was immaculate. From the minute you drop your bags off to the staff here. This golf club is one of the best in my opinion.The course is pristine perfect including the greens and fairways. The greens here were in better shape then the North Troon Pinnacle course I played on Tuesday and at a third of the price!I teed up with a couple of snow birds one from Colorado and one from Canada and we had a great time!Hope to return here again!
5	Very challenging from the tips and black tees, and a whole different course from the whites.  Well-worth playing and always in great shape and I think the clubhouse serves a well thought menu. If I had to have a complaint i would say the service can be slow at times when eating. I've been there 4 times and I will be back!
1	Great course but horrible staff. They have a ranger that will put you on the clock if you fall behind even if there's no one around you. Trust me, that will ruin your day.If you need to drive more then 20 minutes to get there don't!Too many nice courses in AZ to choose that don't have a prick that follows you all day.
1	After my experience and writing my original review I also sent an email to the head pro at the course to describe my experience and frustration.  Alas to my dismay I still have never gotten any response from anyone at the course.Let me reiterate yet again that there are soooo many courses to enjoy here in the valley you can go ahead and skip this place because apparently the don't care if you had a bad experience or felt that you were treated disrespectfully.I have told quite a few people about what happened and the feedback was less then flattering.My new goals for 2014 are to lower my handicap, loose about 15 lbs and do everything in my power to make sure that everyone I know hears this story and I can only wish that their rate of play goes down.  I'm not going to hold my breathe but it still makes me warm and fuzzy to think that it just might.
5	I'm not giving this place a review for the obvious reason of it being a golf course. I have no experience in that area, but before you ignore my words, hear me out.I have driven up this small mountain, past the restaurants, golf courses, houses, and cacti to reach the top of the road, because that's what this review focuses on.Go to the top of Las Sendas in themiddle of the night and see the city lights twinkle like you've never seen them shine before. You'll realize how small you really are and just how vastly underrated the greater Metropolitan area of Phoenix really is. Sure, it's Mesa - but you get to see pretty much everything from up there. This is one of those spots that makes you fall in love with Arizona all over again.I know this review had nothing to do with what the actual establishment is for, but at the same time, you want to be able to have little jewels like this to enjoy once in a while.
1	Played this course on May 17th, 2014.  Good layout but the greens were like concrete and the sand traps had almost no sand in them.  Got a good deal on Tee Off but won't play this again even if it were free.  They must cut back on maintenance during the summer.
1	And they are lucky to get 1 star! Haven't even received a call back after leaving a message making it clear how disappointed we were in the treatment from staff. They seem to forget the main point that they are in the field to serve the customer. No cart service, ranger was beyond disrespectful.Straight from the East Valley Tribune "Las Sendas has shifted its focus back on residents, McBean said. The goal is to reach out to the Las Sendas community, then to Mesa residents and finally to the entire Valley." Well as a resident let me just say you are severely lacking!
1	Nice course, but I recommend they go private since their Ranger makes it well known he doesn't like the public playing here. We had a group of 8 guys in town for the holiday looking to enjoy a nice round. Nothing worse than having a ranger yell at you the second you hit the turn and decide to grab a hot dog and a few beers that you need to get on the tee box. No beverage cart on the course and an uptight ranger (properly named Dick) managed to ruin a perfectly good round. If you decide to play here with the mall cop attitude Rangers. I suggest you save your money and bring your own beverages and lunch. They treat the members like royalty and the public as second class citizens. We finished our round 15 minutes before the course average pace of play.  But nothing is worse than having an uptight ranger berating your group at every hole to pick up the pace. On a side note the ranger for the front 9 was friendly and accommodating. Spend your money elsewhere.
