4	Last summer in New York City, my girlfriend and I discovered the wonderful world of Cuban food, and we were more than disappointed when we found out that it really didn't have strong representation in Pittsburgh.  I hadn't really heard anything about this restaurant prior to giving it a try.  But the fact it was referred to as a "sister" restaurant to Abay, was more than enough to earn it a vist.We ordered one appetizer (Papitas Rellenas) and 2 entrees (Chuletas Puerco/Bife steak Chimchurri).  All of which looked and smelled fantastic.  The appetizer arrived shortly after being ordered and was full of subtle flavors and is perfect for 2-3 people to share.  The main courses probably took much longer to come out, but were well worth the wait.  I ordered the Pork, which was cooked to perfection and was loaded with flavors.  Spicy, with a big cilantro punch.  It was supplemented with a white sweet potato puree and pineapple.  Both of which were very sweet and complimented the tastes of the pork nicely.  My girlfriend ordered the Steak which came with plenty of meat and a healthy serving of black beans and rice.  The Beans were amongst the best I have tasted and the rice had a lot of flavor too.  The steak wasn't particularly unique, but it was definitely high quality meat.We really enjoyed our experience there and are looking to go back and give it a go once the Cantina is complete.  So far so good at Alma.  We will see you again soon.
5	After a recommendation, the DH & I set off on a Sunday evening dinner to try this new pan-Latin restaurant in regent square.  As many know Sunday is the worst day out of the week to eat at any dining establishment.  I was hesitant, but I thought why not?  I'm very glad we did because the food blew us away. The restaurant is small, with a very chainesque design.   The menu has a lot of options especially for vegans as well as a big price range, 10-22!  We started off our meal with an appetizer, the Empanadas del dia.  The day's selection was a kicked up cheese empanadas, served with a tomatillo sauce.  It was cooked to perfection, and the cheese didn't overwhelm the empanada.  I liked the fact that it was a fried item, but it wasn't greesy which emapanda's tend to be.  My only complaint was they only give you three per order, and they are quite small.  I wouldn't have minded an extra one.  For my entree I opted for one of the priciest things on their menu: Camarones al caribe con ajo (Cuba) which is pretty much Grilled shrimp in a house-made lime and garlic sauce.  It was A-mazing!  Served on-top of flavorful rice (although it was a little too oily in my opinion).  The DH got the Pescado del dia or Fish of the Day, which was a steelhead fish grilled and topped with a tasty cilantro based sauce, and served with plantain mash and roasted red onions.  We finished our meal off with a very moist, and sweet Pastel de tres leches con fresas en dulce - my fav!  I've been thinking of making a tres leches cakes for days now, and this totally satisfied me!  The cake which really looked like cornbread was served with whipped cream and fresh strawberries.  A perfect ending to this meal.The DH who always saves a little piece of his favorite part of the meal for his last bite, couldn't decide which one to pick!  This NEVER happens.  We really enjoyed this restaurant, and would definitely place it on our top ten list of dining establishments in Pittsburgh.  We'll definitely be back!  It was a extremely tasty meal with fresh flavors that just kept opening up in our mouths.  I would highly recommend this place.  So excited that Pittsburgh is finally catching the Latin bug!
5	This was first on our series of surprise Fridays- my mate and I take turns taking each other out to a restaurant we have never been to. And boy, did it knock his socks off. We had to wait almost 45 minutes for a table but it was worth it. We ordered the fried chicken to begin with and it was perfect. I must say tongue-met-cup in the case of the amazing sauce that accompanied the chicken. We followed up with the Peruvian chicken curry. We had been to Peru earlier this year and this one was right up there. We ordered the coconut flan for dessert and it didn't disappoint. I will be back to see if the tres leches matches the one the hubster makes!Definitely one of the top 10 places in the city. Noise levels could be pretty high though.
5	As a resident of Regent Square, it's great to welcome a restaurant that is a little bit fancy, but not too pretentious.  Alma fits the bill with plenty of options between small plates, sandwiches, and entrees.  The food is flavorful and unique and the waitstaff is very accommodating.  If you go, I highly recommend the plantains as an appetizer.  Prior to getting our entrees, I told my husband it was worth going back for them alone! The only bad thing about Alma was that I could only choose one thing to eat for dinner! Guess that means I will have to keep going back to try out the rest...
5	My husband and I live right around the corner from Alma and had been wanting to check it out ever since it replaced Calli's. With a new baby in our house, every night we get out is cherished, so it was important for us to have a good meal and a good time. Calli's had left me with bad memories of poor service and a terrible echo. We were pleasantly surprised when we arrived at Alma and were promptly greeted with an appropriately dressed and friendly hostess. We also noticed that a few sound absorbing boards had been added around the dining area to absorb the echoing sound that had made Calli's a bit unbearable for us. I was new to this type of cuisine but had always wanted to try it. The focus is on Latin American and African influenced flavors. Think collard greens, black eyed peas and plantains. I am a vegetarian so I was interested in what options they had for me. We started with the Empanadas del dia (luckily for me they were black bean and corn). Although there were only three small pastries, they were delicious and wet are appetite just enough before the main course. I got the Torrejitas de frijolitos, a black bean cake, black eyed pea fritters, collard greens and sweet plantains. The combination of flavors worked well together and I happily cleared my plate. The black bean cake was actually a bit hard for me to finish, since it was pretty filling.We ended the meal by sharing two desserts (since we couldn't decide on one) The tres leches, three milk cake and a chocolate lava cake. Both were AMAZING. The chocolate lava cake was especially dark and rich, with a cinnamon ice cream on the side that made us craving more.Our bill ended up around $70 with us getting non-alcoholic drinks and no salads. We definitely felt satisfied and would recommend it for a special night out.
3	I had high hopes for Alma and unfortunately they didn't meet those expectations.  We kicked off the night with two appetizers, Crispy chicken marinated in dark rum and lime and marinated shrimp with chilis and sweet potato.  I'm not sure how the chicken was even marinated because I've never had chicken so bland.  Even the sauce that accompanied the chicken had very little flavor (the whole table agreed).   The breading on the chicken reminded me of McDonald's chicken nuggets.  On the other hand, the shrimp were incredibly flavorful and I enjoyed them even though I'm not a big fan of shrimp.  So we started our night out 1 for 2.  For dinner, I selected the pulled chicken sandwich topped with avocado mainly because it's hard to go wrong when avocado is involved.  It was good but not great.  For a pan-latin place, I was expecting spice and strong flavors and perhaps my expectations were wrong but my marinated, pulled chicken could have used some flavor or a sauce.   I don't eat any red meat or pork, so my options were a little limited but the skirt steak got good reviews. I also had a mango margarita and it was good but at $8.50, I've had better margaritas.  All in all, I'm glad I tried out the restaurant and I'd go back again if asked but I wouldn't say it's a must try and I won't be going out of my way to go back.
3	Atmosphere is great and food is good just a little over seasoned... To salty! We have gone twice and had the same problem, mostly on the main course.
1	I was so horrified by the food served here. How dare they label the items on their menu as puerto rican or dominican. It was the most bland food I have ever had. Being puerto rican myself, the food here was an embarrassment to the Latin culture. I should have stayed home and cooked a REAL arroz con gandules.
3	Update: After posting a star 2 review, I got an incredibly gracious email from Jamie, who I presume to be the owner.  He said he felt awful about our experience, was informing all the servers who were present in the restaurant that evening, and was willing to refund us the full price of our dinner.  I don't believe I've ever had such a genuine, kind interaction with a restaurant owner before.  I truly believe he will work with any servers to address our concerns, and that Alma will only improve in the future as a result of such devoted management.Here is most of the original review:I'd been excited to try Alma since I read about it in news articles - usually they mentioned it and Aji Picante as "exciting new Latin American" spots on the dining scene.  We tried Aji a few months ago and it rocked, and I'd been waiting to try Alma ever since.  I went with a group of girlfriends on a Thursday night.  We didn't call ahead or anything, and arrived around 7 pm.  Absolutely no trouble getting a seat - the place was even a little empty!We started with cocktails - I got the "Caribbean Mojito" which boasted coconut and pineapple flavors.  It did have those, and sugar, in abundance.  It was a very weak, highly sweetened cocktail.  It was more like a coconut-pineapple juice drink!  As one of my friend's said "But why is the rum gone!?"  Why IS it gone, Captain Jack?  Deep questions.  Later, I had a glass of sangria, which was an improvement on taste but still pretty sweet.  Also not very strong.So we shared some appetizers to start - notably the sweet plantains, and crispy yuca.  The yuca fries were pretty good, with a nice crunch, and served with a tasty chimichurri-ish sauce.  The plantains weren't bad, though not the best version I've had - they were sprinkled with sugar and seemed almost more like a dessert!  After dinner I had the butternut squash soup (daily special) which was very velvety and had good squash flavor.For my entree, I got the vaca frita which is similar to a ropa vieja - long simmered beef roast that is almost stringy - not in a bad way, actually.  Alma's version was served with rice and pigeon peas.  The rice and peas were a little bland, though I liked the texture of the peas (good bite).  The beef really left me a little cold.  Literally and figuratively.  It wasn't served hot, which several of my dining companions observed in their own dishes.  I think an improvement in the temperature would've made a difference in the taste, but the meat was still underseasoned and a little tough.  Actually, one of my friends got some habenero sauce with her dish, and we all tasted it and IMMEDIATELY ordered some for ourselves.  I think that's telling - when every single person at the table needs hot sauce for their dish.  Should've been more spice - not even heat, but flavor - in the dish as it is.  I also tasted a friend's food, who got appetizers for her main course.  She got the chicharrones (crispy chicken marinated in rum and lime).  Literally, they tasted like lime-y chicken fingers.  But not even really great chicken fingers!  Just....ones that have been marinated in tons of lime juice.   We felt they needed salt, and more of a depth of flavor.  I also tasted her papitas rellenas (yuca and potato pillows stuffed with seasoned beef) which were okay, but there was a much higher ratio of pillow-to-filling, so they were more potato tasting than beef tasting, which was disappointing.  AND I tasted my friend's goat cheese and shallot filled empanada, which was okay.  The texture of the crust was more pastry-like than I expected.I didn't have dessert, but I tasted the tres leches and flan.  Both were pretty good - possibly the meal's high point!So I'd probably be nice and give the food 3 stars, because it really was okay and even good with the hot sauce.  And the cocktails were tasty, even though they were more punchy than boozy.  But.  Our service was interminably, inexcusably slow.  The restaurant was not full at all, we all observed servers chillaxing at various stations around the dining room, and we waited - for everything.  We were there for about 3 hours.  Which is cool and all, we all like to linger over dinner, but you want to make the CHOICE to linger, you know?   I understand sometimes things get behind for whatever reason, but I felt that the slow service was blatantly obvious, and the absolute least our server could've done was apologized.  But she didn't seem to notice.  And the kitchen clearly had some issues with timing, if our food not only took forever, but also came out lukewarm.  We all felt a little disappointed in the overall experience, although we did enjoy several components of the meal.
5	Top notch drinks.  Top notch food.  Man, this place is good.
4	My first time to Alma was last night and i must say the food was very different and very good.  The service was awsome and the staff was very friendly.  This place came  highly recommended by a friend and it definately lived up to the hype.  Can't wait to go back.
5	Attention... will the real Food Hounds please stand up!  Why?  Because ole' Brim is here to tell you about another tight spot in Pittsburgh that literally knocked our socks off!  When you think of Authentic Latin Cuisine, most people forget that there are a zillion different ways to skin a cat.  Alma Pan Latin Kitchen takes this theory to a new level by excelling in old favorites and new specialties by offering a menu that spans across all of Latin America!  Every culture is represented from Puerto Rican to Dominican, all the way to Cuban... and then some!  When you come into this house... you better come hungry, because you're about to eat like a King.And so we begin... the starters were off the hook!!!  The Chicharrones de Pollo con Limon was insane!  Crispy strips of chicken marinated in a dark rum and lime, a Dominican spin on an old favorite.  A great spin on Chicharrones, the combination of the rum and lime was clearly apparent and the chicken remained succulent and flavorful.  Another favorite of mine was the Platanos Maduros con Salsa de Habichuelas or for lack of a better term... sweet plantains with spicy bean sauce.  These maduros were bangin' as they were extremely soft, sweet and sprinkled with sugar for additional texture.  Now, after dipping them into the spicy bean sauce... I was stunned!  That sauce was BOSS and essentially was like a fiesta in my mouth!  The Chilean version of Empanadas del dia (stuffed baked pastries of the day) was a combo of roasted red pepper, queso fresco and sweet green tomatoes with a Tomatillo sauce!  Another favorite was the Papitas rellenas con salsa de pimento which is yucca and potato pillows stuffed with delicious seasoned beef.  These rellenas had a smooth, even flavor while the lightly seasoned meat created a melody using my taste buds!  The Conchitas a la Parmesana were broiled scallops on the shell that were drizzled with parmesan and lime.  It was not too fishy or over powering as it held more of a parmesan taste with just a hint of the scallop itself.  Lastly, we were brought a special of the day which they call the King Klip.  This dish is a firm whitefish or Congo eel served with lettuce, avocado, white sweet potatoes, chili's and wine to create a refreshing, not too fishy and served cold.On to the MEAL!  Chuletas de Puerco con pina y batata is a totally amazing grilled pork tenderloin topped with cilantro & jalapeno served with pineapple and a white sweet potato puree!  A tasty, tender and intense... juicy and flavorful, the cilantro & jalapeno fused a flavor behavior that was truly out of this world.  The sweetness of the grilled pineapple with the white sweet potato was absolutely nuts!  Rabo de buey con papas fritas caseras which was braised oxtail with home style fried yucca and collard greens.  The oxtail itself was ginormous and the meat literally fell off the bone.  The yucca fries; (Alma Fries) were GREAT!  Crispy on the outside while retaining a light and airy delicious flavor on the inside, fried in olive oil and seasoned lightly to please the soul.  Another favorite was the Bife steak chimichurri con gallo pinto which is Argentina's version of grilled and marinated skirt steak topped with a homemade AWESOME chimichurri sauce and black beans.  The skirt steak was lightly seasoned, juicy and delicious.  Next up was the Pescado del dia which was Swordfish: flaky and perfectly pan seared - tasted great with black beans.  We had to try something from the vegetarian menu as well... so we had the Torrejitas de frijolitos a pan-seared black bean patties topped with an AMAZING cilantro-lime cream sauce with black-eyed pea fritters, those nummy plantains and veggies!  This dish was delicious... the special sauce was the BOSS! The high-point and WIN for all of the Food Hounds was the Vaca frita con arroz y gandules which is a slow-roasted beef brisket (**drool**) with hearty rice and pigeon peas.  Juicy and tender, the meat actually sucked up the flavor from the gravy that it was roasted in... it was unreal.  It is time for dessert and trust me, it didn't disappoint!  Flan de coco con caramelo a Colombian coconut custard with caramel with a medium creamy thickness.  For all intent and purpose, most people would put this in the Flan category; fantastic.  The Sorbete de fruta fesca was a sweet, soft and creamy raspberry sorbet that offered a powerful berry flavor.  The Pastel de tres leches con fresas en dulce is a traditional Honduran three milk cake with strawberries that was incredibly moist, wet and tasted like a saturated rum sponge cake.  To finalize the experience, we indulged in the Biscochito de chocolate con dulce de leche y helado de canela.  This baby was pure warm chocolate cake with a uber-sweet center that was warm, thick and gooey with GREAT flavor served with a cinnamon ice cream that knocked me through a loop it was so good.  Amazing ALL around from the food itself to the knowledgeable and friendly staff.
4	So good! Fantastic service and the food was delicious!!!
5	Alma Restaurant is my favorite restaurant in Pittsburgh.  It is sophisticated, yet casual.  It is gourmet, yet down to earth.  It is exotic in its cuisine, yet accessible to a less experienced palate.  Don't let the "Latin" scare you--it is NOT spicey unless you want it that way.The prices are fantastic especially considering the quality of the food.  A sandwich for $11 and what a sandwich it is!  Such a bargain.There are several vegetarian options--I've tried 3--and all were delightful and ridiculously low priced like the sandwiches.Drink prices are average to below average and everyone cares about the customers having a wonderful experience.  I've paid more in dive bars for my fav drink than at this nicely appointed bar/restaurant.I choose to have my wedding dinner there with about 16 guests and the owner worked with me to create a limited menu that help save time and costs and provided new taste experiences for the wide range of people in the wedding party.  Where originally I had thought I'd need to have 3-4 bottles of wine, it turned out that ordering by-the-glass was a more economical option and they did not hesitate to suggest that.  Wow!The service is friendly, accommodating and unpretentious.  If you become a regular there they will learn your favorite drink.Hang out in the intimate cantina (bar) on Wednesday night to hear unbelievably accomplished Latin guitar music.Seating outside in nice weather is delightful.  (take your dog--they will give him a bowl of water!)  There is a lot of traffic on South Braddock Avenue but car/people watching is part of the fun.The custard with caramel and coconut (flan) dessert is simply glorious.You can't go wrong at this place.  It is one of the clear est signs that Pittsburgh is going places in a big culinary way.Easy to find near the corner of South Braddock and Forbes in Regent Square.  GO!!!!P.S.  As of June 2013, they are now serving BRUNCH on Saturday and Sunday.  It's wonderful and a great alternative to overcrowded, noisy, and badly lit alternative a few blocks away.
5	It was just an unassuming Restaraunt week, set in Late August, Pittsburgh PA.A party of 4 descended upon Alma, Pan Latin Kitchen. What is it that we would discover, in this outlier of Pittsburgh cuisine, Pan-latin? Cuban...The only Cuban Pittsburghers have known was Mark!Alas! My inner bandito/gaucho was starving and in need of delicious and carnivorous nourishment.My merry band of pranksters (or my girlfriend and family, you pick) decided to embark upon the tasting menu. The menu was succinct and inviting.I ordered the beef brisket, marinated in a mojo goodness that I would probably consider drinking straight if it werent so hard to displace Bombay from my imbibement schedule.Every bite was tender, and gladly over stayed the usual welcome of morsels in my mouth, savoring every delicious bit. The only respite was quenching my thirst with a delicious caprihana. Between the delicious meat and yuca fries, my bandelero self was emphatically pleased.Adios, but not for too long!
5	Alma made me jizz in my pants.
4	I had been wanting to try Alma Pan-Latin Kitchen and finally had the opportunity to celebrate my 4th anniversary there last month. As I am part Cuban, I grew up occasionally having Cuban food and really looked forward to trying this restaurant since Pittsburgh only has a limited number of Cuban places.As soon as I walked through the door, I was impressed by the modern interior and how spaced out the tables were. I am very used to other Regent Square restaurants (such as Green Mango and Square Cafe) that have much more cramped seating, so Alma was a nice surprise. I felt that my husband and I could actually have a conversation without everyone around us overhearing us and vice versa.Our waitress was friendly and seemed knowledgeable of the menu, and our food came out promptly. We started with the sweet plantains which were absolutely delicious. My standard was high since some of my relatives make good platanos, but these did not disappoint. We also enjoyed the unique salsas that they were served with. I then ordered the Cuban sandwich, and my husband ordered the beef sandwich with sofrito and sweet potato. My sandwich could have used a little more meat - the bread and cheese were so dominant that I almost felt like I was eating a grilled cheese. I really enjoyed my husband's sandwich though. It was very tasty with a lot of meat. We ended our meal with the amazingly gooey warm chocolate cake with cinnamon ice cream.I definitely plan on returning to Alma sometime in the next few months. I enjoyed my experience there and look forward to trying more items from their menu.
4	Discovered this charmer via a walking tour of Regent Square led by Venture Outdoors.  As soon as the tour ended, I headed back to this place to try out their cuisine, advertised as Latin American with an African influence.The brightly colored walls and wall hangings lend to the theme which is quite uplifting and pleasant.  I started with a regular mojito, which has become my fav drink.  I have to say that if this one had been my first, it wouldn't have made my fav list.  It was too something -- too strong?  too tart?  I didn't hate it but didn't finish it.Franny was my server and happily helped me decide on what dish I should get, being as it was my first time there.  I settled on the Camarones al caribe con ajo (Cuba) entree (grilled shrimp in a lime and garlic sauce) served over rice with asparagus.  The presentation was very eye-catching and the first few bites were absolutely delicious  However, I believe the mojito and the shrimp dish competed to be the alpha dog in flavor.  So, my tip is to not get the mojito with this dish.I know I sound negative but all-in-all, I liked it and want to come back to try other items on the menu that looked appealing so we'll say it's 3.5 stars.
4	I had the scallops appetizer, the braised chicken, and the warm chocolate cake (which was like a souffle) for dessert.  Everything was very delicious and well prepared.  For Latin food, I would've expected a little more spice/flavor, but it was all very tasty and the portions were decent.  The cocktails were also very nice--I had the sangria and a blackberry capirhina.  Our waitress was pretty awful -- she looked really unhappy and was unfriendly.  It was difficult to get her attention for anything that was needed.  I was with a large group and our food did not come out at the same time.  However, the chef was very friendly and came out to our table to see how we enjoyed everything, which was nice, but I could tell that he was not a Latino male.  Overall, I found the food tasty but I don't think it was really an authentic Latin experience.
5	This place is absolutely delicious. I loved the oxtail stew. It's pretty tough to find good Latin food in Pittsburgh, but this is definitely a good spot for a good mix from various Central and South American cuisines. Will definitely come back again for their other dishes!
4	I knew it. I knew Alma was a great place. I knew they had delicious food just by the glorious smell wafting through the air down the street. I knew all this because it was true!Although my last experience at was so so, this experience will make me forget that. From the first sip of my kickin' jalapeno gimlet to the last bite of the tres leche cake, that made me say "holy crap" out loud, it was a winner. Seriously, I have never in my life had such a scrumptious tasting dessert. It was just... HOLY CRAP!But, the main course was just as memorable. I ordered the Camarones al caribe con ajo. Which was quite embarrassing to pronounce in front of my fellow Spanish speaking dinning companions. Yikes! I just wanted to say "shrimp dish please." Speaking of shrimp, the shrimp were fresh, plump and perfectly marinated. You knew it was legit and not frozen out of a bag (that's thee worst!). The thing that tied it all together was the plate licking lime and garlic sauce. I was scraping my plate to make sure I included all that sauce into my veggie and rice. Speaking of veggies, I loved the grilled peppers and crisp sugar snap peas. Just an entirely winning combination. I would honestly come back for each individual item. Whether it be a cocktail in their cute little side bar, aka "Cantina," or devouring a tres leche dessert. You've won me over Alma and I most certainly will be back!
4	I wish I had something funny to say about this place, but honestly, it's nice, the food is usually really good, and the drinks are pretty awesome.  I could eat 1,000 Cuban Sandwiches, and it's close enough for us to walk to.Alma - thumbs up.But that's dull, so I'm going to write about the chicken that lives in the pet store right next to Alma.We named him Captain bocKirk after some brainstorming, and some passionate arguments. He's white, and he seems nice.  One day, we went to get cat litter, and Captain bocKirk was gone.  He had been sent to a "farm" they said.I pondered a moment, considering the transience of my own life...I hope that he really was sent to a farm and that he's having the best damn time of his life.Seriously, go to Alma.
4	Bought the 50.00 deal and got to sit in the back bar all alone with my date. Great ambiance, nice beer selection, music was a little loud but the service was good. Started with the scallops and the Victory euro pilsner they were good but should be loosened from the shell beforehand. It was a shame to leave so much sweet meat behind.  The skirt steak was good the brisket was better. Both with a Troges hopback IPA. Ask for the cilantro mayo. Finished with the tres leches which was just ok and the chocolate cake which was awesome.
3	We arrived late (9:45/10pm) for dinner on a Friday night. We each ordered the red sangria which was great. Then the empanadas to start (which my husband, who is from Argentina, thought were below average). Having lived in Argentina - a.k.a. The Land of Empanadas - for 3 years, I've had the best empanadas you can imagine. The ones I had at Alma didn't even come close to the better ones I've had in NYC (or even the ones I've made myself at home). To be fair, on the menu it indicated the empanadas were Chilean. There are many versions of empanadas depending on which Latin/South American country you go to, so ill give them some slack. I haven't had empanadas from Chile before so maybe i'm comparing unfairly. I will say, however, the empanadas were served lukewarm, which is a no-no. They should always be served piping hot.I also ordered the arugula salad with mango, almonds, and cilantro. It was way too salty although the arugula was very fresh. My main dish: I ordered the arepa with veggies and platanos. It was so-so. It had a lot of different flavors but I didn't feel like any of the flavor was fluid across the dish. I don't know how to really explain it. My husband's dish: he had the brisket with rice. He really liked his dish. The meat was tender and flavorful. He gave his main dish 3.5/5 stars. Since we arrived late we opted not to order dessert since they were closing (we could hear them vacuuming while we were eating).Overall I'd give our experience 3/5 stars. If it had cost more I would given it fewer stars. Although the food wasn't the best, it was relatively cheap and ingredients were fresh. Probably wouldn't go back until I've had the chance to try other Latin American/ South American options in Pittsburgh to compare it to (I hear Seviche in the cultural district has great food).
4	I had the opportunity to dine here during restaurant week.  I was able to indulge in the 3 course $25 menu, which was fantastic especially in light of the $50 for $25 Yelp deal.  We started our meal with colorful and flavorful Ceviche de Hongos.  For the simple minded like myself, this dish consisted of a big ol' wine glass full of mushrooms, pink beans and avacado with a healthy yet appropriate dose of citrus juice.  For the entree I indulged on Frituras de Maiz Tierno which was basically a potato pancake with arugula and corn: absolutely deliicous!  While I was essentially ready to wave the white flag, I endured through the finish by capping off with Bischochito de Chocolate con Dulce de Leche y Helado de Canela: warm chocolate cake with some sweet, heavenly ice cream on the side. All in all the food was 5 stars.  The menu looks novel and is essentially begging me to come back for more.  4 starts instead of 5, only because of the service: our waitress was nice, but was giving us  a little attitude for taking a min to figure out what we're going to order.  Won't stop us from going back, however.
4	Service was spot on. Entrees were very good. There was a misunderstanding about the empanadas which were disappointing. Don't miss the tres milk dessert outstanding. The fish featured that evening was flavorful and nicely prepared.
5	I am a huge fan of Latin cuisine, and I feel as if Pittsburgh is really lacking some quality Latin food. Fortunately, we do have Alma! Some highlights from our meal: yucca fries! camarones! mango salad! coconut flan! and the best part of it all... the torrejitas! This is one of my favorite dishes I have ever had at a restaurant. Served with two black-eyed pea fritters, beautiful sweet plantains, salty collards, and a delicious lime cream sauce, these black bean cakes are seriously out of this world. I will be back again and again!
4	I dined here during Pittsburgh restaurant week and tried their three course dinner with my wife. A couple notes on the meal. I had the vegetarian ceviche which was very good but packed into a martini glass. Made for quite a messy appetizer. I had the corn fritters with sweet plantains, which was delicious. My wife had a chicken dish, however we felt the chicken was overcooked and left us slightly unimpressed. For dessert, my wife had the warm chocolate cake with caramel ice cream which was awesome!    It is fun to see a neighborhood restaurant doing well at the corner of Forbes and South Braddock.  It is obvious that the owners care about their establishment and I hope they continue to succeed!     Visited January 2013
5	This place was so good! I can't believe my boyfriend & I waited so long to try it! The service was excellent, the food was amazing & there's outdoor seating too.I had a regular Mojito, which was good, but my boyfriend ordered the Caribbean Mojito, which was even better. We got the Yuca frita con salsitas de Alma as an app, which was good, but super filling. I ordered a fish special that had a coconut curry sauce, which was super good, and also super filling. My boyfriend got Chuletas de puerco con pina y batata off of the menu & it was amazing! So much flavor, and the grilled pineapple that came with it was melt-in-your-mouth awesome too. It also included mashed white sweet potatoes, which I had never even heard of before, but they were good. We were too full for dessert, but maybe next time.We will definitely be back! We both agreed that this was one of our new favorite places in the city.
5	This is one of the best restaurants in Pittsburgh, by far.  I've never been disappointed.  My husband and I live in New York now, but we often talk about how much we miss Alma!  On our last visit home, we stopped at Alma for brunch.  My husband had their french toast dish, and I had the seviche shrimp stack.  Both dishes were out-of-this-world amazing!
1	I went here with a friend on a Friday night and was ironically disappointed with the quality of the food.  From the 4-star review on yelp, as well as the appetizing pictures available, I expected something fantastic.  I know good ethnic cuisine, especially Latin, has been a challenge to find in the city of Pittsburgh, but I initially had high hopes for this place.  We made a reservation because, calling ahead, we were told the place would be busy.  However, upon arrival, we found ourselves surrounded by a geriatric crowd and the place was half empty.  We each ordered some sangria and the empanadas del dia to start.  After tasting the sangria, something wasn't quite right, but i couldn't put my finger on it until my friend said that it tasted like Dole canned pineapple juice...this was exactly what it tasted like. After the empanadas arrived, my hopes for good latin food were crushed.  Each one of the 4 was weirdly a different size and shape.  The menu describes them as "traditional pastries stuffed with our daily selection on top of tomatillo salsa".  If the daily selection was 10-year-old, mushy beef, alma was spot on!!  The empanadas were completely bland and there was hardly any filling.  They tasted like eating raw pillsbury dough.For my meal, I ordered the pescado del dia, the fresh fish of the day, which was described as fresh scallops on a bed of rice with pineapple, a side of grilled zucchini, topped with pickled radish.  My friend ordered the  bife steak chimichurri con gallo pinto, a flank steak served with black beans and rice.  The first thing I noticed was the portion size.  They were extremely small for the price of the meals.  The flank steak was cut into like three pieces, was extremely rare with no seasoning whatsoever, and looked like something my dog would spit out.  My scallops were well cooked but the dish just didn't go together at all. Pineapple with pickled radish was an odd combination.  The annoying thing about this dish was the crunchy bites of salt and pepper with every mouthful.  Lastly, the rice was  terribly overlooked, tasteless and mushy.  The best thing about either of these dishes was the crunchy, grilled zucchini on the side of my plate.I will not be returning anytime soon.
4	Tasty Regent Square brunch option. Today's homemade chorizo, sweet potato hash, and 2 eggs over medium were excellent.
4	Another winner in Pittsburgh?  Could this be truly happening to me?  Creative, interesting AND well executed.  I must be dreaming.  Sorry, I can't resist after years of disappointing food here.  This is a really cool restaurant across from the park in the Regent Square neighborhood.  You can dine inside or out.  The street is way to busy for me so we dined inside.  I ordered the Torrejitas de frijolitos (Alma) $13Pan-seared black bean patty topped with cilantro-lime cream sauce and served with collard greens, black-eyed pea fritters, plantains, and seasonal vegetables.  Wow!  I loved this dish.  It was spicy without being over the top.  The greens were even highly seasoned and the cumin was an exciting top note.  The plaintains were perfectly cooked, maybe too much sugar added for me but they were delicious.  It came with perfectly grilled asparagus.I started with the Ensalada sencilla con mango y rucula (Alma) $7Arugula, ripe mango, almonds, and red onions served with our house-made lime-oregano dressing.  Great salad.  I caught a hint of mint there and it went really well with the mango.  I inhaled it and wished there was a little more when it was gone so quickly.  I can't wait to come back and try some more.  I am not strictly vegetarian but really enjoyed how many options the menu provides everyone here.
4	I stopped by here yesterday for brunch with my fiance and her parents.  I was taking no chances and had called the day before to make reservations at noon.  However, that proved to not be necessary as most of the inside of the restaurant was empty whenever we arrived although the outside was pretty full.  The inside of the restaurant is pretty bright and vivid as the front has many windows for natural light as well as brightly colored walls.  We were seated in the middle area which was a bit more soothing with lighter blue walls and darker wood tables/booths.For brunch I decided to start off with a coffee while the table decided that we would share the bread basket as an appetizer.  The waitress told us that it had 3 different types of bread:  zucchini, sweet potato and sour dough and it came to us plated nicely with some butter.  The zucchini bread was sweet and dense as you would expect, the sweet potato bread interesting as it almost had the texture of a corn bread and finally the sour dough was good although I wish had more of the sour dough flavor.  My coffee was also rich and smooth and I enjoyed it although I only ended up drinking two cups.  You see, our waitress was a bit slow getting to us for most of the meal.  She wasn't horribly slow but just enough that you get to a point and are wondering where she was at.  I believe that it probably had something to do with her having tables both outside and inside and I was glad whenever she realized it and apologized for it later in the meal.  For my brunch entree I went with the pulled chicken sandwich sandwich that came topped with avocado and both yuca fries and some sarsa on the side.  Once again everything came plated beautifully and I think that is one of the strong points of this restaurant.  Not only does the food taste good but it also looks good as well.  My chicken sandwich was good with the avocado being the perfect addition to the pulled chicken.  The only thing that I could really complain about it was that the chicken was a bit dry.  That was remedied by me using the sarsa sauce on the sandwich.  It was a red looking sauce that had a little bit of spice but other than that I really was not sure what was on it.  My yuca fries were also good and came out looking like potato wedges and topped with some type of spicy green sauce, perhaps a mild chile sauce.  As soon as you bit into them though you could tell that they were not potatoes as they had a different texture and were also denser.  Overall it was a solid brunch for a reasonable price.The bottom line for me is that I would head back here again in the future.  Their food was beautifully plated and tasted good as well while they also have a variety that you can't get too often in Pittsburgh.
4	It's Restaurant Week - Time to explore something new.  Alma didn't disappoint.My foodie friends and I choose Alma Pan-Latin Kitchen as our RW destination due to it's tasty sounding menu.  Per usual, we opted to (mostly) select different options and try each others meals.  Everyone left pleased :)Our night began with Sangria - nothing says summer like Sangria.  Our apps were Empanadas and Platanos maduros which both were really delicious.  I had never had a plantain before, but this made me want to eat them again and again.  Lightly sugared to enhance the sweetness but savory.  Next course, please.The men had Gazpacho while the ladies had Ensalada de quinoa.  In my opinion, the Gazpacho had a bit too much onion.  I enjoyed my quinoa but wish it had some kind of vinaigrette or sauce with it.  It was dry but still tasty.Rich had the Pollo Adobo which had an amazing Adobo rub on it.  Incredibly flavorful!  I'm a sucker for scallops, so I chose Conchitas al Caribe.  I could eat that rice everyday.  Who knew you could pack in so much flavor?  And the scallops - cooked to perfection!  Everyone cleaned their plate.Though full, we still had our desserts.  Rich tried the Avocado and almond cream.  I never would think to use avocado in dessert but it worked nicely.  It had a unique texture as well.  Though I don't think I would order it again, I am glad we tried it.  The other selection was Biscochito de chocolate - a dense chocolate cake with tasty cinnamon ice cream.  I love chocolate (who doesn't) but this was soooooooo heavy!  I didn't have much room left and this just couldn't fit in my tummy.  I wish I had the mango sorbet instead.  It was delicious, but too heavy after 3 other courses.This season, Restaurant Week went Latin - and I will be back often to spice up my life.  Yum!
4	I went here with a friend for Restaurant Week.Alma offered a 4 course menu for $30, which was a great deal for the quality and quantity of the food we received. Appetizers were the empanadas and the plantains.  Both were stellar!  I really liked the flaky pastry on the empanadas and the plantains were perfectly cooked! Soup/Salad were the quinoa salad and the coconut milk gazpacho.  I preferred the gazpacho to the salad.  I liked the creaminess of the coconut milk. Entree's: I ordered the scallops and my friend ordered the brisket.  I really liked the scallops.  They were perfectly  cooked and the lime sauce was delicious and a perfect counterpoint to the shellfish. My friend liked her brisket, but found her rice to be a bit under cooked. Dessert: I ordered the chocolate cake with cinnamon ice cream and my friend ordered the avocado cream.  The chocolate cake was good while it was warm, but the cooler it got the harder it got, which made eating it difficult.  My friend liked her dessert, though it was not to my liking. Overall I was impressed with the food, but the service was quite slow.  We waited a long time for our wine when we ordered it and between each course. I will definitely be back to try more things from the menu!
4	Alma is a bit on the upscale side of casual - I wasn't the only one wearing a t-shirt, but I'll probably wear a button down next time. We happened to come during restaurant week, so the menu was a little different from usual. The fried plantains came with some semi-spicy refrained beans which made for a delicious (and new to me combination). The empanadas were also good, although a little on the dry side. I'd recommend the scallops, but was only meh about the pork belly and gazpacho. Overall, the food quality was good, and I liked about 75% of the items we sampled. I'd definitely come here again.
4	I've never been to Latin or South America so I'm definitely no aficionado on the food; however, regardless of authenticity, the combinations of ingredients created a flavor profile that was entirely new to me.We arrived early and spent the better part of an hour at the cantina bar, chatting with a very friendly bartender who created a delicious lemon ginger margarita. We went during Pittsburgh Restaurant Week, which means we missed out of some of the "fan favorites" that bring return customers back to Alma. But the foods we tried were all expertly prepared with fresh ingredients. I had:Platanos madurosRipe plantains, fried and tossed in sugar with a spicy black bean sauceEnsalada de quinoaQuinoa salad wrapped in thinly-sliced cucumber, with pickled vegetablesPollo AdoboBraised chicken in an ancho chili sauce, served with black beans, rice and tostonesBiscochito de chocolateWarm chocolate cake with a sweet center, served with cinnamon ice creamWe plant to return to Alma to sample some of their regular menu items.
4	awesome happy hour for drinks AND good, cheap food. the bartenders are always awesome and friendly. great if you're looking for a nice quiet beer. the food is great but I guess Latin American food just really isn't my thing so that's why I only give it four stars.
5	I came here for brunch on saturday and it was delicious. I'll definitely come again. We started off with the empanadas, which were delicious, especially the sauce. I then had the stuffed arepa as my main. It is a dish not to be missed, so good! I didn't know what to expect for brunch, and it was a great experience. Just note, it's not a quick - get in, get out - brunch, it occurs in a more relaxed schedule.
5	Sometimes, even I don't have the words to describe just how much I enjoyed a restaurant and the meal I had at it. My experience at Alma definitely falls into that category.Alma has one of the most unique tastes and feels to it and is a wonderful addition to Pittsburgh's restaurant line-up. Most of my experiences with Alma previous to a few weeks ago had been with major Yelp or city events, at which I got the chance to eat some light bites from their kitchen and sample a few drinks from the cantina. Every single bite made me want to come in and actually eat a full meal here. And boy did that meal not disappoint! I ordered a Cuban sandwich to change things up a bit, as prior to eating dinner here I had many chances to sample a lot of Alma's appetizers - love their Empanadas and bean patties, by the way! As for my actual meal: I have never been so into a sandwich! It's extremely hard to find a restaurant that knows how to make a well-flavored, balanced Cuban sandwich, so the fact that Alma pulled it off made me very happy. Plus, when I ordered they let me substitute vegetables in place of their yuca fries, which meant that I still had room to sample dessert. Oh, dessert! Dessert for me was a plate with a piece of chocolate cake drizzled in hot chocolate sauce, complete with a side of Cinnamon flavored ice cream. Can you say Heaven? 'Cause I can!The service here is as good as the food, by the way. Win-win! If you haven't been to Alma, go to Alma. And save room for dessert. You won't regret it!
1	My wife and I decided to check Alma out after driving by it for the last year or so. We showed up a little before 6 and it was empty. They ask if you have reservations so that they can keep track of who they are still expecting, but it ends up being a little odd when there are few to no other people in the restaurant (another couple seemed confused as to why it seemed they needed reservations when there was only a couple tables full). The hostess was friendly and we were seated. Our server, while not rude, didn't seem very warm or welcoming (not a crime in and of itself, but it certainly helps to have a overtly friendly server). My wife and I are vegetarian, and the menu was clearly marked with a few vegan options. We ordered the empenadas del dia which were blackbean and curry. They came quickly and nicely presented, but the only flavor they possessed was of slightly bitter fried oil. The filling itself had too little salt and no real flavor. I then ordered the torrejitas de frijolitos, which is the black bean patty with cliantro-lime cream sauce, collard greens, black eyed pea fritters, and some plantains. My wife ordered the vegetales al tagine, which is the apricot and date rice with tagine sauce and collard greens. I tried both dishes because the vegetales al tagine ended up being too spicy for my wife (she likes things mild, so the heat would probably be fine for others) and we ended up switching. I tried the fritters first, which had a nice fried crunch on the outside, but again only had the flavor of slightly bitter frying oil. The plantains were about the only tasty part of my dish, but that may have been because they were fried with a good amount of sugar on them. The actual black bean patty and collard greens were fairly bland, I had to ask for salt (they don't have it at the tables), although my wife did like the sauce on top of them. The vegetales al tagine was a little too spicy for me as well. The dates and apricots had a nice sweet flavor, but otherwise it was bland. My wife and I had the same opinion of the food. We ended up only eating a small portion of our food. Neither of us are that picky, and I don't actually ever remember disliking food enough to stop eating it at a restaurant, so I wasn't quite sure what to tell the server when she came by to ask how the food was. My wife paused, and I said it was "different" and then asked for some salt. Later when she asked whether we wanted to have it boxed up, I hesitated, mentioning the vegetales al tagine was too spicy for me, but we ended up deciding to take it home to feed our chickens if nothing else. While we were not extremely overt with our dislike of the food, we had only eaten a small portion, had switched plates, said it was "different", mentioned it was too spicy for me, and vacillated as to whether to take it home, eventually deciding we could feed it to our chickens (I'm not sure the server followed that last part thought). The server never made any indication of recognition that we didn't like the food or offer us any alternatives. Perhaps she was as unsure of what to do in this situation as we were (since I'd never been in this situation before, and from the reviews on Yelp it appears she may never have either). So, we paid (it was a little pricey, especially for food we couldn't finish), and ended up going to Sushi FUKU to fill our still hungry stomachs. When we drove by later, Alma was packed. I'm at a loss when trying to reconcile our poor experience with the other glowing reviews. Overall, the service was quick and the presentation was well done, but that is about where the positives end. The food was unpalatable to us, a little pricey, and our server wasn't the most perceptive to our cues. I'd give it more stars if I could, but enjoying the actual food is crucial.
4	I am sad to say goodbye to this wonderful establishment. My chuletas de puerco ($18) and flan de coco ($6) were amazing. I have never had flan as amazing anywhere else.Brunch is great too but a bit on the pricey side.Adios a mi Alma! Thank you for adding some flavor and spice to our neighborhood!
2	Not to flog a dead horse, but their food was bland and insanely overpriced. This is why they went out of business.
4	Bought the 50.00 deal and got to sit in the back bar all alone with my date. Great ambiance, nice beer selection, music was a little loud but the service was good. Started with the scallops and the Victory euro pilsner they were good but should be loosened from the shell beforehand. It was a shame to leave so much sweet meat behind.  The skirt steak was good the brisket was better. Both with a Troges hopback IPA. Ask for the cilantro mayo. Finished with the tres leches which was just ok and the chocolate cake which was awesome.
5	I was so sad to find out that this place had closed! There was a Elite Event here that I didn't get to go to so I just had to go on my own to see what I missed as most of the reviews from the Elite Event raved about how amazing the food was so I decided to take my wife there for her birthday and we had such a great experience! We had reservations and got there about 20 minutes early but, were still seated immediately. We both started off with a couple of drinks. I had the Rum Punch and the wife had the Carribean Mojito. Both of which were perfectly made with lots of fruit that went well with the rest of the drink.After a long deliberation I ordered the Carne Asada as I love beef which was outstanding! The steak was perfectly cooked and very tender. The rice went with it perfectly also. My wife had the grilled shrimp dish and our daughter loved the Cuban sandwich that she ordered as well. I finished off my meal with the tres leche cake. It was good but, not what I expected I guess because of all the milk that is used to make it. My wife and daughter shared the chocolate cake which they both loved.While in the neighborhood we decided to go back for another round since my wife's birthday meal was so good. We then discovered that Alma had closed and something else had opened it it's place.Adios Alma! You well be missed!
