5	Attended grand opening. Great fish tacos. Beer flights were a nice beginning  house brew rough rider. Very good. Great service too. Loved it.
5	I had the American burger with a tasty IPA. Watch out the Jalapenos are HOT! Great meal, great price.
4	Went there only because we wanted an outside table nearby on short notice.  Assumed it would be overpriced and just o.k., since it's on gotel grounds (Hilton Squaw Peak).  SOOO much better than when this place was the Lantana Grill.  My wife and stepmother raved about their fish (halibut & salmon).   My daughter and I had great burgers/fries.  Great microbrew menu.  Service was attentive.  Decent value.  Well worth a visit.
4	Came here for a special event. Nice atmosphere, fun events like bunch with Santa, good food (some of the nices I have had in AZ). Entrees weren't stellar but the flatbread pizzas were nice, the pretzles soft and warm, and a delicious caramel bread pudding. I tried the rest of the desserts and was not too impressed but if I friend wanted to go here I would not hesistate.
3	Being the B, L, and D (breakfast, lunch and dinner) restaurant of a major valley resort takes allot of versatility. From scrambling eggs to grilling a piece of meat the new Rico's American Grill at the Point Hilton Squaw Peak Resort shows that all this can be done and more on a daily basis. With two massive patios, a large bar and lounge area coupled with a fantastic selection of locally made beers on tap, just beckons you to try them all out. This is easily done by ordering up a Beer Flight ($7) which gets you 4 5oz glasses of their best brews, though this will be tough to chose, they're all good. Then you can order a capped 64oz growler ($20) to go! A growler is simply a large glass jug filled with your favorite beer, your choice. These are all the rage in other cities so I was excited to see Rico's making this offer. Id fill it with my latest favorite, Left Hand Milk Stout Sweet Stout. Think rich flavors of chocolate and coffee blended with milk sugars to give a sweet and creamy taste. In the large dining room you'll notice a wood fired oven. Unfortunately Rico's doesn't take full advantage of this, only offering a handful of menu items cooked in it including the BBQ Chicken Flatbread ($12). Covered with pulled chicken, red onions, Rico's BBQ sauce and mozzarella, this paired well with our beers though could have used a bit more salt, easily remedied. Another glimmer of what could be was the Wood Oven Baked Penne ($13). Several large meatballs, roasted tomato sauce, fresh mozzarella and pesto ricotta cheese and al dente pasta made for a hearty satisfying meal. A bit lighter but bold with flavor, the Chopped Salad ($10, add grilled chicken $3) made with grilled corn, black beans, bacon, tomatoes, cucumber, avocado, and BBQ-ranch dressing was shaken, not stirred, literally. The salad is brought out in a large martini shaker, dressing added on the spot then shaken well. Kind of a neat twist on table-side salad service, what's old is new again. The Wicked Meatloaf ($15) could have used some of Rico's BBQ sauce for a sweet contrast instead of the semi-boring-more-like-brown-gravy cracked pepper demi. The meaty slabs were paired up with roasted garlic mashed potatoes that were well seasoned and comforting.   Perfectly cooked and perfectly tender, the New York Strip Steak ($21) had a warm poblano and bacon relish that I could have eaten by the spoonful. The smoky sweet relish made the need for any sort of steak sauce not necessary. Along side was a heaping helping of green chile mac 'n' cheese, so creamy and so gone, delish. Apple Skillet For 2 ($7) takes apple slices simmered in a brown sugar and cinnamon, thanks to the wood-burning oven, then topped with cake crumbles and served with cinnamon vanilla gelato. If the skillet weren't so hot I would have licked it clean. While Rico's may not have yet achieved culinary greatness, what you do get is solid Southwestern influenced American grub.
5	Starting with the friendly greeting .. Fantastic bartender (L) and much improved menu from the Lantana days. Tried the Margherita flatbread pizza and BBQ chicken flatbread pizza. They were both great!! Yes we will be back! Just add veggie burgers please..
3	I've been dreaming of Rico's pretzel bread since the Holiday Sweater OYE and I'm happy to say that I've finally made it back for more.Rico's has a great happy hour from 3-7 everyday in the bar area with drink specials and half off appetizers from the bar menu.  I was SO happy to see that the pretzel bread (with a side of nacho cheese and mustard) was on the menu. I also had an enormous plate of nachos and an order of meatballs.  All were a step above average bar food.While the bartender was doing a fantastic job of keeping everyone's glass full, I did have an uncomfortable experience with another server who thought it was ok to interrupt my meal to ask personal questions.  I'm talking questions that started out as inappropriate and ended as insulting. I'll definitely be back for the pretzels and beer, but I'll probably do a better job of keeping my head down in order to avoid unwanted conversation.
4	Woo hoo! I'm a fan of Rico's. For starters: they've got a great happy hour and it runs until 7 so you can realistically hit them up after work without getting a speeding ticket on your way there. Happy hour includes a couple $2 drafts (and other drink specials), as well as, some half price "appetizers" which include a jalapeno, bacon, cheese burger. Hello! But it's also a great lunch option. It's spacious and you can have a private conversation with your lunch date without being squished up against other diners. Lighter dishes are available BUT remember this spot for when you're craving comfort food and get the kick-A meatloaf sandwich. It's open faced, piled high with onion strings and doused with their kitchen's secret spicy ketchup. WARNING: it's totally cravable!
4	Had the cobb salad.  It was good.  Good fresh ingredients.  Seems as little pricey.
4	The fish tacos, mac and cheese, and apple skillet were delicious!
5	- Service was excellent- Great breeze on the outdoor patio (thanks mother nature)- Fish tacos are killer; fish is grilled and smoky; shredded red cabbage nice touch; fresh salsa with jalepenos kicked it up a notch; black beans and bacon side was smoky goodness- Margherita flat bread was yummy- Ricos Greens salad - would have it again- Wine list had great values and recommend the  Night Harvest Sauvignon Blanc- No room for dessert - next time
4	It was a beautiful Sunday afternoon & my husband & I decided to have lunch somewhere on a patio. I suggested Rico's since I had been wanting to try it for a lil while now & we made our way over. We walked in & the hostess brought us out to the back patio. It was a cute lil area with a few tables, a ping pong table, couches & a fire place for colder weather. Some of the cushions had bird shit on em & the taller tables were a bit wobbly, but no biggie, we sat at a shorter table & avoided the dirty chair cushions. I felt like having a beer so I ordered the Sun Up Armadillo & opted for a pitcher. I should have just stuck to a small glass since I had never tried it before, we did not care for it. For an app we ordered the jumbo pretzel off of the bar menu. For $8 I thought they could have included 1 or 2 more, but they were yummy & the queso it came with was delish. For our entrees my hubby ordered the Rico's dip & I ordered their signature steak (med-rare) & fries. He loved his sandwich (enough for 2) & the house-made kettle chips were amazing. My new york strip with chimichurri sauce was excellent & the fries were tasty as well. I have to add that they also make their own ketchup (that has a bit of a kick to it) & is great with the fries & even the chips. Total (not including tip) was about $62, a lil pricey but the food was great so we'd definitely return. They have happy hour everyday from 3-7 with some awesome deals, so I'd like to return during hh & also sit at the patio up front which had a lot more shade & tables.
2	When my husband and I visited about (4 weeks ago) we were excited because we love bar food and they have a great bar with a patio. We ordered wings (crispy) as the bartender suggested a honey hot, and mini hot dogs. We love draft beer and they had a good selection( this was the only high point of our visit). When you finally got our wings and hot dogs we were very disappointed. They mini hot dogs were a joke, the menu stated four mini dogs and what came out was a regular hot dog cut into 3 pieces. (not impressed) Now we love wings, but we do like them crispy. When we got them they looked good but after tasting them they weren't crispy for one and they differently weren't honey hot. I know honey when I taste it. We called the server that delivered it over (bartender was very busy) and asked her to make sure these were honey hot, and she said even without asking the kitchen "YES" and walked away quickly. So we waited for the Bartender to return but she never did. So we left the food and drank our beer walked up to the bar and asked for the bill, paid and left. Our suggestion is either sit at the bar so you can get served what you asked for, or sit in the dining room, but never get the mini hot dogs. They definitely need to have servers in the bar the bartender cannot handle the bar tables in the bar efficiently
2	A hungry nun is a scary nun. Thanks to Rico's I was able to witness this firsthand. On the lookout for a lunch on Sunday I chose Rico's. I had some family in town, including my aunt the nun. We were seated quickly in a nearly empty restaurant. Menus were handed out promptly, after which our server disappeared. We all made up our minds and prepared to order. The restaurant had an almost desolate quality to it, due to the quiet emptiness surrounding us. We waited... Finally our server came out to take our orders. Meatloaf sandwiches and burgers were ordered by all. We waited... A half our later polite conversation was exhausted. I noticed a steely glint in the eye of the nun. Still no food. We waited... 45 minutes later our food arrived. Keep in mind there were literally no other customers in the place. The meatloaf sandwich was decent, though it was a little dry. The sweet potato fries were a flaccid, tasteless afterthought. The burgers were well received and cooked to order. Finally the nun was at peace with the world, though she was also disappointed in the meatloaf. It's possible that our timing was bad. Maybe we came in at the tail end of a massive brunch crowd or something. I'm willing to give Rico's another chance. Still, I don't I'll be going back to Rico's if there's a nun in my party.
2	Ah, Rico's, I sure wanted to like you.  Located in the former Lantana Grill, you are the same but with a pickaxe and shovel on the wall.  Same buffet at breakfast, now priced $18.50.  I'm sure it's ok if you want a buffet, or a fresh omelette but that's not my usual style.  I have to say your salmon benedict ($13.85) was very tasty, a nice salmon on a crispy muffin with a perfect egg.  The potatoes however looked greasy, flabby and probably right off the buffet.  That's exactly how they tasted.  Ugh.  And my orange juice at $4 for 4oz, well, let's just say for that price it had better be freshly hand squeezed by virgins and not poured into a carafe from a box.  This was not fresh juice.Your website says "Rico's American Grill brings high-quality, farm-to-table cuisine at an affordable price."  I disagree. With places like Scramble offering better food, better prices as well as free wi-fi, you are only going to gouge your Hotel guests, not your local neighbors: so we'll stay away.
1	Mother's day wrecked.  Thanks Rico's.  I called ahead, asked of outdoor seating in the shade, mentioned that I need two booster seats. Well.... They sat us in the sun, had one booster seat and had to send out to another restaurant for another... That one arrived and had broken supports.  The manager could not be bothered, and the manager above her was a boring guy who did not seem to care.  It was so bad that our server cried at the table.  I am not kidding.The bar is where I usually go, and well.... They don't mess up beer.
4	I is good and very convient.  It's a big room with plenty of seating. I seemed pricey for what you get.
2	Shrimp scampi was not very good.  The sauce was too watery and the overall dish was bland.
5	We had the breakfast buffet here for 18.50. My kids ate free due to their kids eat free/summer splash promo. I always like to see an omelet bar at a breakfast buffet, unlike other hotels, and I always like to see full trays, even if we got there close to the end of breakfast, unlike other hotels. They also did not start cleaning up the buffet until around 30 min past the end of breakfast, unlike other hotels. 5 stars because of price, omelet bar, full trays and extended hours.
4	Great service despite there being 30 of us in our group, so I was impressed at how hard and efficient the staff was.Now, the food:  At happy hour get the wings.  Trust me:  get the wings.Succulent and good.The nachos were plentiful IF you are into lots of that yellow processed "cheese" crap they put on hot dogs at the cruddy movie theatres..yuk!In fact, we ordered the plain nachos with no meat.  Biiiiiiig mistake.You get tons of multi-colored tortilla chips, yellow good called "cheese", a side order of sour cream that was pretty big, a bun of sliced raw jalapeno if you want your butt to hurt for days after eating it and some guacamole...which would have been okay if the avocado was ripe and not hard still..sigh.  The nachos are a loser.  Avoid them.See why I said:  get the wings!  You get a big portion of slightly hot wings, a bunch of veggies like celery and carrots (Mom will be happy to see you eat your veggies) and some sauce with hot sauce in it.  The sauce, to me, was okay but could be better.  But, overall, this dish is a winner.Drinks?  I have no clue cause I was drinking beer, but I will assume they are okay since I hard no complaints.Nice place, tho.  I'll be back for sure.  And happy hour is a great deal!!!!
5	I eat here frequently as I stay at the adjoining Hilton when I'm in town, and the breakfast vouchers are generous. The steak and eggs ($15) features a good cut of meat (I think it's a flank steak), 2 eggs anyway you want them, with corn salsa and toast and potatoes. The servers are always amenable to allowing me to change out the sides for lots of fruit. I love the mustard available at the table, the fact that they have Chilulah hot sauce on hand, and will bring out some salsa at no extra cost. The staff are pretty attentive.  I call ahead to avoid having to wait in the breakfast rush. I have also had an omelet which was substantial in size and quite tasty, with unlimited ingredients for about $12.
3	Rico's does brunch!Took my man out last Sunday to enjoy the beautiful afternoon. We chose Rico's because I remembered they have a nice outdoor patio with lots of trees and a big fountain out front. Brunch at Rico's did not disappoint. I opted for the $15 buffet, sure a tad pricey for a booze free brunch, but trust me I ate my monies worth. The buffet included potatoes, bacon or sausage, chilaquilies, French toast, pancakes, oatmeal, fruit, scrumptious pastries and muffins. It also had a make your own omelet station and a beverage station with coffee, tea and juice. My omelet was excellent and the buffet was well stocked. We sat outside and the service was on par. While this may be a little bit more expensive than a normal brunch spot it is a nice "once in a while" indulgence.
4	Great hotel restaurant with a friendly staff
3	We had a Yelp Event here last year for Christmas & even though we only tried a few preselected items from the menu, prepared buffet style - we enjoyed the food & thought if we lived closer this would be place we would come back to. We did make note of their delicious beer selection & the fact that you can take a growler home is a plus! So... if we're in the neighborhood... we would stop here to enjoy a bite & drink at Rico's!! Thanks for putting on a great event and hope to see you again soon!
4	Had dinner here on our last night of our "staycation" at Squaw Peak back in July. I had the meatloaf which was a little too burnt for my taste, but my wife's ribeye tasted pretty good. Pretty fast service although the restaurant was only half full. Our server gave us both the kids-eat-free discount plus the military discount.  Kudos to him, but I forgot his name. My only gripe was the wait to be seated. The hostess told us around 30 min wait because alot of parties had just arrived. She asked us if we wanted to wait. We said yes, obviously. So we sat in the lounge with 2 loud twin 2 yr old boys. 15 min later we were seated. Did I mention the place was half full? Was the hostess hoping we would not hang out and maybe take my kids somewhere else?  Who knows... but they lost a star for that.
3	Here for dinner with my family.  We were staying at the Pointe Hilton Squaw Peak Resort.  Nice location, casual dining.  Good menu with choices.  Service was OK, food fairly well prepared although lamb was overcooked for one of our party.  Overall, OK experience.
1	Not a place I would go back to!  My husband and I ate there while at Squaw Peak Resort.  Soup was great.  I ordered fish tacos which included  two tiny pieces of fish on cold flour tortillas.  My husband had rib steak which was very thin.  We wanted to bring our own wine - 25 dollar corkage, we opted to purchase bottle. They didn't have the wine we ordered so settled for something else.  Squaw Peak Resort was equally dissappointing.
4	The buffet had the standard fare, including an omelet station. The quality of the food was very good, especially the muffins, croissants and bacon. My wife is usually picky about breakfast and she really liked this. The regular price for the buffet is around $16 for adults and $9 for children. They also have menu items you can order for breakfast. We had the same server every day and she was very attentive and gave us tips about visiting the area as well. The only downside was the hostess who seemed to be in a daze every time and we would have to tell her multiple times we didn't need menus since we would do the buffet.
2	Since we moved to 16th street, my husband and I have been meaning to try Rico's.  Tonight, we finally went for dinner.  We were greeted with a friendly and warm welcome by the hostess.  However, it took awhile for our server to greet us.  When he did, he wasn't very personable at all.  We started off with the honey hot wings.  It felt like forever for these to come out.  The sauce was good, but the wings came out in these 2 little buckets.  That was kind of weird, because it makes grabbing the wings more difficult.  Then I ordered the Margherita Flatbread and my husband ordered the Steakhouse Burger.  He got to choose which cheese he wanted and the server wasn't even sure what cheeses they had so he asked a nearby server.  Our entrees were actually out pretty quickly.  However, my husband's burger had the wrong cheese and apparently the burger comes with chips as its side, not fries, which was a little weird.  I did enjoy the Margherita Flatbread.  The restrooms were really nice and clean.  I liked the atmosphere of the whole restaurant.  We went on a Thursday night and it was pretty dead.  A couple people in the dining area and the rest in the bar section, which is where we sat.  They have a huge patio, which looks ideal for large groups. The menu had very few options.  It was pricey.  We were pretty surprised about the prices.  They do have happy hour though from 3pm-7pm, Monday thru Friday (I believe).  If we do return, it would be most likely during that time or lunch, because as a Yelper, you get a special discount.A positive note for those who are guests at the Squaw Peak Resort, you can charge the bill to your room.
4	Very good!
2	Man was I ever disappointed in Rico's. My sister and I had a staycation and stayed at the Pointe, in the morning I suggested we walk over to Rico's. I had been to Rico's once before when Yelp hosted a Christmas party there and the food was sooo tasty so I KNEW the food would be good.However, this was not the case. The food that came out was extremely beautiful! Plated very nice and we couldn't wait to jump in. I had the Lemony griddle cakes with blueberry compote. The griddle cake had ZERO trace of lemon flavor at all, with a description like "lemony" I was expecting a flavor burst, also they were very spongy and dry. My sister got the rum raisin french toast, again there really wasn't much flavor to it. We were both very disappointed in our breakfasts and for the price it just wasn't worth it.
1	We ate at Rico's for dinner on Sunday night.  By far the worst service we have ever had.  From the surly hostess to having to ask the waitress for our drink orders.  Food service was extremely slow.  Waitress even messed up the food order.  It was recommended by the concierge at the Pointe Hilton.  He should be ashamed for recommending it.
1	Wow, what a disappointment! The boyfriend and I were celebrating out anniversary by staying at the Pointe and decided to try this place for dinner on a Saturday night. At first we thought it was closed because there were no cars in the parking lot and the massive patio was completely empty, even though it was a gorgeous night outside. We walked in and were seated quickly in the empty restaurant (on a Saturday night!). Our waitress came over and greeted us by saying "you guys have been sitting here for a long time, right?" Ummm... no, but thanks for asking?! She was barely able to get through the specials. She was either on something or from another planet. We were now creeped out by the empty restaurant and confused waitress and left without ordering anything. We went to Tutti Santi across the street. A much better option.
1	Terrible service for lunch.  Waitress came back twice after taking our order -- once to ask what one of us had ordered as she couldn't read her writing and once to refill iced tea (and also filled soda glass with tea).  Then she disappeared, evidently as did our food because 45 minutes after taking our order nothing to eat had arrived.  We left payment for drinks and walked out.
3	I came here for a business meeting on a Tuesday morning. The breakfast buffet was good and the service was great. The most impressive part was the exterior appearance. They have dozens of different flower varieties circling the buidling. They were all blooming and it great to enjoy a cool spring day in phoenix.
2	After the reunion, we decided to have breakfast together and go our separate ways. We walked in and it was a cute place. We saw some omelet station action going on too. There were 2 hosts, both very nice and we got promptly seated. Then....we waited again for 10 minutes. So, i go to the host stand and ask if we have a server? Then, it happened.....a server was sitting in the waiting area and she rolled her eyes, let out a big huff, threw her arms up and stormed away! Uh...ok....wtf was that display? She proceeded to go in the kitchen and we saw more flailing arms and huffing then our server ran right over. Grace was her name and she was very sweet. Flustered because of that other server but got our order right away. I had eggs benedict and they were delicious. I loved the savory bread pudding as a vessel. The friends had similar meals and all was right. Everyone agreed that their food was just lukewarm, too. Even the hot tea and coffee weren't that hot. It's mediocre at best.
3	Order:Me-Burger cooked perfect.  Needs something like sauce.Wife-Pizza wasn't hot/wasn't coldDaughter-Chicken strips-good flavor over battered thoughSon-Mac 'N Cheese.  Said it was good.Server-was awesome very attentive.  Food a little slow coming out of the kitchen.
4	- Service was excellent- Indoor and outdoor seating.- Fish tacos are killer; fish is grilled and smoky; shredded red cabbage nice touch; fresh salsa with jalepenos kicked it up a notch; black beans and bacon side was smoky goodness- Margherita flat bread was yummy- Ricos Greens salad - would have it again- Pretty decent wine and beer list- No room for dessert - next time!
4	An old friend from high school and I were meeting for breakfast.  This time of year is perfect for eating outdoors and this was in the area.  I had never heard of it but I posted what I was looking for in talk and this place came recommended.Turned out to be exactly what I was looking for.  Open by 7AM on a Saturday, full wait service and a patio that wasn't pushed right up against the sidewalk.Service and food were both excellent.  Even though it was atteched to a resort it wasn't unreasonably priced.
4	Based on the questionable reviews of this and the other restaurant at Hilton Squaw Peak Resort, we almost went elsewhere but I'm glad we gave it a shot. The service was top notch (thanks, David) and the food was excellent. I had the flatiron steak which was perfectly cooked to order and accompanied by some delicious blue cheese, onion and bacon stuffed potato skins. My wife had the fish tacos which she loved. The recommended accompanying wine was spot on too.  The place was deserted when we arrived, which gave me pause, but I expect some of the poor reviews may have had a chilling effect on the crowds. I'm writing this review because it is clear that the staff is doing its best to ensure superb service and excellent food.  I wouldn't hesitate to dine at Rico's again!
5	Made reservations for their Christmas buffet dinner yesterday and had a wonderful time...the food and service were outstanding, and the ambience made for a very special Christmas feast.  I would love to do it again next year!  thank you thank you thank you!!!
2	Stopped by for happy hour.  Odd, because it took the better of an unhappy hour to be waited on.  Bartender,  nice guy,  kept telling me he was jammed, but the whole place was less than 1/4 full.  Finally got to order (Happy hour specials, apps and since drinks $5. I orderef 1/2 order of naked wings and a glass of the house cab). Took forever to arrive.  Wings nice and crispy,  but when they say naked,  they mean it. No salt,  no pepper, almost no flavor.  House wine wasn't something I'd order ever again.  Not that I'm coming back here.
1	My wife and I came here for Valentine's dinner with a reservation made through opentable.com, we were very excited as this was going to be our first night out since having our little boy in late December. We used to work at this place back when it was Lantana Grill almost 8yrs ago, in fact this is where we met each other. She was a server and I was in room service for the resort, both share the same kitchen. So this night out meant a lot to us in many ways. When we arrived to our surprise the reservation was worth nothing because they weren't even open for dinner at the time opentable allowed for our reservation. So the host who was eating a sucker/lolly pop pointed us into the bar area for "dinner". Our server/bartender was a middle aged woman/human tornado running around the place in circles. Service was horrible. There were multiple staff members available and no one helped her or us. Seemed like they enjoyed watching her drown with her seemingly overwhelming 4 tables (9ppl), this was obvious from the laughs heard behind her back when she would leave the bar. The "teamwork" was awful, and from what I know about Hilton this should not be tolerated. From simple appetizers taking over 40min, sighs from our server when we asked for water and another sigh from the woman who brought out our food when we asked her to take our dirty plates that I had conveniently stacked to make easier I was throughly disgusted by the entire experience. We paid our tab and got out of there as fast as we could.  In fact we actually left and went somewhere else to get dessert and drinks to continue the night at a place where we felt welcome. We live local and will continue to steer people clear of this place. Every possible customer should skip this place and just go to Z-Tejas just a mile down the road.If I could give 0 stars I would.
3	The restaurant itself is very elegantly designed, and the layout of the patio is very nice. Unfortunately the food isn't as good as the architecture of the restaurant.  I was with a group of friends and we ordered the following:Fried Calamari: Actually really good-it had a hint of lime which was unique and tasty Buffalo wings: The spicy buffalo sauce was good but I thought the chicken could have been a bit crispier.Smoked Fish Taco's: Very disappointing, lacked the smokey flavor they advertised they should have just called it fish tacos.  They offer pizza which actually looked tastey so maybe next time I am there I will give it a try.  This place has potential but so far just an A-OK place.
1	They couldn't care less that you are here, trapped at the Hilton.  Get a cab. Take the shuttle.  When the waitress suggested to my  5 year old to "hurry up, I'm busy" on her lemonade vs milk division, the downhill descent started.  In our charming waitresses defense, it was nearly 50% full.  The worst fish tacos I've ever had.  No fish.  Dry. Possibly because our charming waitress instructed the kitchen to F it up, but "The Worst" none the less. I received a 15% discount on a future meal. Not.  Gonna. Happen.
4	We got to the restaurant a couple of minutes late for breakfast and they accommodated us anyway.  They even took 20% off the check and offered to make us omelets.  Great staff, attentive and kind.  Interesting food, pretty buffet and great coffee.  Champagne was not as bubbly as the server wanted it to be, she brought another glass without even asking if it was unsatisfactory. Kudos to the well trained staff.  Hostess very kind too.
1	Horrible Service. Period. Finished my beer before ever getting the waitress to take our food order as she was flirting with customers at the bar. Stay Away.
1	Rico's Restaurant food is ok.  Service is terrible, we eat out a lot and I mean a lot , this is by far the worst dinning experience I have ever had . To start , the waitress dumped a full glass of water on me , the food came and never got any refills , my daughter had a bug in her drink and when we finished  We waited 25 minutes for the bill and then there was stuff on the bill we didn't order . I recommend if you stay at the point , drive to a nearby restaurant.
4	As usual the Hilton buffet is great as ever. Wonderful staff and very accommodating.  We came in the wrong entrance, no big deal.  Something definitely for everyone and well worth the price to walk on over than just order room service! Eggs made to order and bacon cooked perfectly! Lots of healthy selections too!
2	We were underwhelmed by Rico's. Drive past it multiple times since we live right up the street. We did a staycation at the Pointe and had complimentary breakfast there, which was good. Our waitress was a sweet lady. The breakfast buffet had fresh eggs for omelettes, which was nice. Everything else didn't wow us. The package we had included dinner for two, so on the same day we went back. A lot of staff just standing around doing nothing while one guy was taking the 3 tables. He was nice, but wasn't at our table very often because he was busy with not much help. The food was ok, at best. My boyfriend's porkchop was undercooked to what he would have liked it to be so he only ate half. The chocolate flourless whatever it was dessert was such huge disappointment. The thing that really bothered us was the executive chef standing at the bar at the side very obviously flirting with a bartender who was standing around doing nothing. For the ENTIRE time. It seemed very unprofessional. A table right next to us wanted to speak with the executive chef so they called him by name, very loudly, at least 8 times, and he was so engrossed with his flirting he didn't even look up.I don't think we will ever return. The two stars are only for for staff that actually did things because they seemed like nice people.
1	We ate breakfast at Rico's on a Saturday, and did not have the best experience!We opted for the breakfast buffet, and the food was nothing spectacular! Better than a Denny's, but probably not worth the price.Additionally, the service was not good! Our waitress seemed to be upset that we started the buffet without letting her know, which I totally understand! But she continued to be rude to us throughout the rest of the meal, including shaking the bill and asking if we had provided our card yet (which we had).I wouldn't recommend this place for breakfast!
4	My family of six and I stayed at the Hilton next door to Ricos. We dined at their breakfast/brunch buffet twice during a weekday on our vacation and were very happy with the service and quality of the food. Our waitress was "Grace." She was very happy to see us on both days and was very attentive with our needs. The grill/omelette chef was equally as friendly with a genuine desire to connect with the patrons. Even down to the host/hostess, we were quite pleased with this restaurant and would happily return.
1	Long wait, despite having only a few people dining. Horrid tasting food. Waitress had all the charisma of a robo-telemarketer. IMO this was overpriced garbage. This place makes me wish I had gone somewhere else.
2	Ordered the baby kale salad and it was tasty, but I wouldn't classify it as an "entree salad" without practically doubling the price to add a meat or fish protein. Service was very slow and had to remind the server for silverware. Too expensive for what you get - not a good value at all. Nice local beer selection - the only reason this wasn't a 1 star rating.
5	Rico's is so much fun!I went and caught the tail end of happy hour in the lounge area. Happy hour is 4-7! The bartender was super friendly and checked to see if we were able to watch a baseball game that was not a local team. After a couple $5 glasses of wine and some delicious calamari, I headed up to the main dining room. I shared a bottle of wine, pizza, and salad with my sister. Everything was delicious, fresh, and super flavorful! The margarita pizza was as tasty as the pizza I had last summer in Italy! We had the most amazing server in the main dining room. David was very good with wine recommendations and very knowledgeable with the menu.  He was very attentive, but not too overbearing.  My sister and I had a wonderful dinner and would totally go back.
2	The only reason I gave this two stars was for the pleasant wait staff and hostess greeting.  Bread came out boiling hit and mushy like it had been microwaved or steamed.  Spread for bread tasted odd.   Ordered a grilled chicken salad.  Chicken might have once been grilled but it was ice cold and therefore tasteless.  The bread on the steak sandwich was again mushy and tough like it had been microwaved.   Awful.  The waitress asked if we would like to see the.manager.  Manager never came so we left without eating.  The waitress was sympathetic.   Now we know why this huge restaurant was empty on a Saturday night.  Only two other tables occupied.  This place was once a very nice restaurant.   What happened?  I see others share our concerns on yelp
5	I recently stayed at the pointe and went to Rico's for a birthday dinner. We had David as a server he was fantastic. Personable, attentive, prompt, overall we had a wonderful time. I would highly recommend the Pasta Del Mar it was delicious and the kiddos liked that a cookie came with the kids meal. We were not impressed with the hostess she wasn't very friendly but everyone else throughout the evening was excellent.
4	My mom and I came in here for some drinks and we shared a plate of mussels.  The mussels were delicious, great sauce, served with jalapeno toast. Acoustic guitar added some nice little ambience to our mother daughter time.  It's a nice spot for a low key evening.
4	We went here 3 times on our recent stay at the Hilton Squaw Peak. Every time we had excellent service. The sandwiches portions are very generous.
1	For a so called high end joint   I have had better nachos at 7-11    The cheese was some processed goo and the chips were so tiny the couldnt anything     I had one of their signature cocktails and it was horrible   Could be that the bartender admitted she didnt drink liquor or that she was following a menu to make it   Would not return even if i stayed at the hotel again    Hope you arr luckier than me if you brave it
