4	The fact that this spa is roof top just says luxury to me!It puts the spa into Sheraton Grand Hotel and Spa, and just off Lothian Road. Mind you they can be quite pricey, but this has all got to do with the image their trying to project, as well as the various treatments they offer.As usual I haven't heard of most of them, but was particularly curious about the rainforest shower. Thankfully, I have a friend who has actually been to the Amazon (they come in REALLY handy!) and basically it's a room with showerheads all over the ceiling, so it seems as though  it's raining in the room. Ofcourse if you'd rather just have a facial and a massage, they do that as well.They've got two pools, one of which is thermal, and a gym for those who'd rather "feel the burn" than relax, though I'd rather get in the sauna when there's that alternative.
5	On my weekend getaway to Edinburgh, I decided to treat myself to a spa day. I'm not normally one who goes beyond pedicures and manicures. And, generally, if I am stressed, I go buy handbags instead of getting a massage. But, I threw that aside and checked out One Spa! And, I'm so glad that I did.I arrived a little before 9am as my massage started at 9:30am. I was treated graciously upon my arrival. I filled out the form related to allergies, etc., was given my electronic bracelet to get access to everything, and was allowed to order my lunch then. From there, I was shown the changing rooms as well as my locker.  Every step of the way, there was someone there to make sure you had everything you needed. Plenty of hair dryers and straighteners in the changing room as well after you shower. All of my treatments for the day were done by Nicole. She established a wonderful working relationship with me all day. I had the Chakra Balancing hot stones massage. Before she started, she asked me what stress I had in my life. As a student, I explained what stress I was under for that as well as personal life stress. I did not feel uncomfortable at all explaining what issues I had with my body. She even made sure I was fine with the products we were using as I am allergic to seaweed.  The massage was amazing! The treatment room was dark, peaceful, warm, and plenty of soothing music in the background. The intensive facial that I had started right at the end of the massage. I found myself falling asleep both times! The relaxation room where I spent an hour before lunch allows for recovery from the treatments as well as downtime to read those magazines that I never seem to have time for! My lunch was perfect! I ordered a bento box complete with a smoothie. It left me full for the rest of the day. After lunch, I checked out the hydropools. Truthfully, I never left them. They do have a tendency to shut off after 15 minutes, but a simple push of a button they are back on.  I loved the outdoor one. It was not a particularly cold day, but the wind and outdoor temperature combined with the heat made for a relaxing experience.  I did try to use the Cleopatra baths, but they were not working. My afternoon treatments were a manicure and pedicure by Nicole. She asked me about issues I had with my hands and feet. She took those concerns in mind especially with giving some specific treatments to try to remedy those problems. It was a perfect day! Truly, if you have time in Edinburgh, go to One Spa! Take a day off!
