1	worst place ever. there is dog poop everywhere. the mail room is always a mess. the management only cares about the next rent check. i couldn't get a hold of the office manager for weeks, til i told her secretary i wasn't paying rent that month. she called me in ten minutes. one of the maintenance guys were really friendly, but all the rest just gave me dirty looks when i would walk by. one time when i was paying rent a customer came in and asked about "free rent" (which the had advertized 20 ft away) and one of the office ladies told him "there's never free rent" very rudely. like he was stupid for asking. which was a lie because i got free rent the month before. every time i had to go to the office the management was so mean. the atmosphere was incredibly tense. i dreaded having to pay rent or picking up packages. every bug you could think of came out of every crack. i'm so glad i no longer live there. and i tell everyone not to go there. the price was even high, cuz the think they r summerlin. they r not!
1	If I could give zero stars, I would. The management in that office completely went to crap about a year ago. Two years, ago when I first signed my lease, my boyfriend and I paid 300 in deposits which we were told were "cleaning deposits" so when we moved out a few months ago, we got a 350 dollar bill for a carpet clean and a wall paint, the paint was in perfect condition and the carpet needed a clean but I thought that my "cleaning deposit" would cover that. So I called the office and she told me that basically the 300 we paid was just to save their asses if we abandoned the apartment and that we would need to pay the 350 dollars. I would call the office in regards to this and she would say she would "try to figure it out" and she would never call back. So now it's in collections because of their lack of management. Also, this place has totally gone to hell, they say it's a "gated community" but the gates are constantly open, even at night. I can't even count how many times I have seen cops in our complex. Right when we were about to move out, this nice little family moved downstairs and not even a week later, their apartment got broken in to. And that's not the first time there has been break ins. This community is not safe AT ALL. Not to mention, it takes WEEKS to get things fixed around there. My garage clicker never worked. My shower knob fell off after a few weeks of living there. The electric stove is HORRIBLE, so hard to cook on. And not to mention that your utilities are combined with everyone else in the community, so while you try to conserve, your neighbor could be using all the water he wants and you will have to pay for it! Overall, DONT waste your money paying rent at this low class, low quality complex. You can find a lot better and SAFER for your money.
1	WARNING: do not live here!1. Multiple thefts: in the year I lived there there were four thefts in my building alone - including my own vehicle!  The complex itself had countless more!2. I placed several complaints about my running toilet and it was never fixed3. Slapped with a Move out bill of $500!  I actually moved out of the apartment 3 months before the term of my lease because I couldn't take living there anymore. When I turned in my keys on the appointed lease move out day, they slapped me with a $500 move out fee. This bill included three extra months of sewage, water and trash bills (even though they included this with every rent bill each month, I now had to pay three more!). They accused me of owning a pet, which I did NOT! (Another $165) and said the place was dirty totaling $500 move out bill. In all my years of renting I have never owed a company anything after moving out! Ever! I always kept the places and looked after them. But to be charged extra sewage/trash three time for no reason! And when I questioned them they were rude and dismissive. Conclusion: if u want to live in an unsafe, theft infested area, and be charged extra bogus fees and then have the front desk be rude to you when you question them, this is the place for you. But don't be surprised- all those move in incentives will bite you when u move out!
1	I wish I could give this place 0 stars, because that's what they deserve. I don't know where to begin, if you don't read through this whole thing, fine just see what's important from an honest working couple. DO NOT RENT DO NOT GIVE THEM YOUR BUSINESS. The office staff is extremely rude to begin with, had a member of their staff chase down my girlfriend in her vehicle to yell at her because she had honked at the leasing consultant while backing her vehicle out did not have right-of-way nearly backing into the car. Used extreme profanity at my girlfriend making inappropriate slurs. Besides my our issues with the staff...The community- an absolute mess, grounds keepers are clearly there milking the clock collecting a pay check. Shopping carts, trash, messy dumpter areas, cigarette butts are always common. Parking is very limited at times so be prepared to walk a good distance from your car to your front door.All I would really say, is keep moving when  looking for a place.
3	I recently viewed an apartment in Broadstone Flamingo West. My boyfriend took me to the apartment complex at night and I wasn't impressed with the maintenance of the landscape or the fact that there were people hanging out in the parking lot that late, but he was really excited about the 3 bedroom floor plan overlooking the pool. We also loved that it was near some of our favorite restaurants, stores and Las Vegas Athletic Club. I returned the next morning with a completed application, proof of income and the holding and application fees. Candice was very nice and engaged in conversation with me about life and everything else. She was helpful and informative. She also made it aware that I could get my $100 holding fee back within 48 hours if I changed my mind. While I was there I saw people and practices that made me a little uncomfortable. Nothing too crazy, just low class. My boyfriend returned the next day and was a little discouraged by what he saw within the community. It's a larger community than what he is used to and said there are constantly cars leaving and entering the community. He didn't like how many kids he saw in the pool and the noise level. I'm thinking "what did you expect?" Right?I came home and read the reviews and was turned off completely. I just called and cancelled the hold. We lost $180, but it's our own fault for rushing into things. I can't for the life of me figure out why we didn't look at the reviews first. So I guess it's just based on personal preference. I think for the price I can do better. Looking at Venicia tomorrow.
