5	I had a St Tropez spray tan done last week at the Edinburgh Beauty Quarter. It was my first time there and I could not fault it. Its a lovely (and interesting!) place, the staff were very professional and I came out very happy with my tan. I will definitely be going back and would recommend to anyone.
5	To be short and to the point...I came here on Monday to get a manicure and a) I've had a number of people ask if it was shellac (no, it's polish, it's just that good!) and b) it's Thursday and after doing several loads of dishes, taking a bath and a number of showers I have only one teeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeny tiny chip.  Tiny.  Miniscule.  That's (so far) three days of perfect, fabulous, redred nails.  So, 5 stars for the best and longest lasting manicure I've ever had, as well as a generally fantastic experience with the lovely staff.
4	Great place and very professional.I come from Spain and I didn't know where to go to do the brazilian wax and feel comfortable.The lady who did my waxing was so professional, clean, painless and fast! And I actually felt very comfortable there, without embarrassment at all.The only thing maybe it's a bit expensive. 28 pounds just for this small area, I think it's too much.But I'll definately come back.
1	booked a spray tan here after a visit to the highlands and before my train back to London. greeted by a cheerless young lady who made no attempt to chat, rushed the treatment, told me i could only dry off for half the time i requested (despite no evidence of other customers waiting for the room). having taken payment she didnt even say goodbye or help me struggle through the doors with all my luggage. a miserable even hostile attitude to a new customer (who certainly wont be returning).
4	This is one of the nicest and friendliest day spas I have been to. I go for their waxing services and after having tried 3-4 different ones around the city, this one is the best and even worth the additional price compared to the others. They know what they're doing! Would definitely recommend.
4	Maybe the price isn't the cheapest in town, but the service and atmosphere is really good. I had my bikini wax done here 3 times and so happy with the fast service they have. And it's almost painless. Also, one of the girls has attended me twice, she is so nice and does the job very good. I didn't feel uncomfortable at all! I definitely will go everytime I need my wax to be done!
