4	When this first Rubio's in Henderson opened the first thing I sputtered was something like, "FISH tacos?  Gag me, like, with a spoon!"  Ok, so it wasn't the long ago, but that's the sentiment basically.  I could think of nothing more disgusting.Then one day, at another taco place, I tried a fish taco and I loved it it death.  So then, I decided to try Rubio's.  Oh MAN!  This place is awesome!  Their Fish Taco Especial is heaven in a tortilla.  Their chips and salsa are good for a quick serve place and it's pretty reasonably priced.If you're still one of those holding out from fear from the fish taco, just come here and try one.  They're awesome.
5	this is the only "fast food" i will eat, fish tacos are the best, (but must be eaten with in 5 minutes of cooking or soggy sets in)street tacos are great too.I will never move to another state where there are no RubiosBaja fresh can go suck it, so can Texas for that matter...:)
4	As a true San Diegan, I can tell you that the closest you'll get to a real fish taco outside of San Diego and Baja is Rubios.  Real fish tacos are deep fried, not grilled.  Real fish tacos use corn tortillas.  Real fish tacos use cabbage, not lettuce.  The only reason its not a 5 is due to price, and the fact that this location does not have alcohol (Pacifico goes great with fish tacos)
4	5 stars for the service. The people here at this particular Rubios (2 shift leaders: a girl and guy) were so helpful. They knew exactly what went into the food and were so helpful when they were not sure...they went to the back and checked ingredients. I LOVE people like this especially when you don't expect any sort of reasonable service at a chain fast food restaurant.3.5 stars for the food. Excellent "fast food" type. Me and the hubby had the grilled veggie burrito..with portobello mushrooms, beans, rice and various different veggies. A very interesting sauce and the chips were really good. 4 stars for the killer salsa bar. With 4 different types of delicious salsa and unlimited refills.3.5 stars for the price. About $6 for each burrito. A bit expensive for "fast food" but really it isn't. But since I'm confused if I just had fast food or not I can't decide if this was a good deal or not. Lots of thoughts going on right now in the old head. 5 stars for the churro. Warm, powdery cinammon, soft inside...oh gosh....churros are the new elixir. Love going to Rubio's when I'm in San Diego visiting the sister but this first visit of mine in the Vegas area has been very promising. After a lot of complicated math and averaging and weighing probabilities...I am giving Rubio's in Green Valley a whopping 4 stars. Which is seriously amazing because I give Taco Bells everywhere about minus 300 stars.
4	Rubio's is one of the best fish tacos you will find.  Sure, it's a chain, and some may call it fast food, but it has been a staple in the Southern California area for years, and has always produced the best fish taco.  And if it is fast food, then I am fine with enjoying this fast food.  Any fast food that serves me a Pacifico with my meal is my kind of fast food.  Just like most restaurants, at Rubio's, it's all in what you order.  Don't veer away from the classics.  They didn't become popular because they make great carne asada and chicken tacos.  They became popular because of their fish taco.  Their Original Fish Taco is the best thing on the menu.  Lightly beer-battered Pollock (Cod), fresh tomatoes, chopped onions, white sauce, cilantro, cabbage, and served with a fresh lime.  For many Southern Californians, fish tacos like this are like comfort food.  If you really don't want to get the fish taco, and there is, for some reason, no possibility that you can force yourself to get the best thing on the menu (the fish taco), then you should get the Mahi Mahi Burrito.  They grill Mahi Mahi and serve it in a flour tortilla with salsa, white sauce, cilantro, and lime.  I usually get it without rice and beans in the burrito, but they usually also have rice and beans in the burrito.  This is a very good fish burrito, one of the best you will find, but I still suggest you get the fish taco.  Also make sure you order a Pacifico or Bohemia with your tacos!
3	Taco trucks are hard to find in Henderson, which means that great, fast and simple Mexican food is hard to find in Henderson.  Residents are left with the dregs -- Roberto's burnt, rubbery carne asada, Taco Hell and the corporate chains.  In the field of chain Mexican food (Qdoba, Chipotle, Rubio's, Baja Fresh), Rubio's stands apart.  The service is great and particularly friendly at the branch on Green Valley Pkwy.  And the food is fresh and tasty (well, tasty enough).  The burritos are fairly standard for a chain place (i.e. not too bad, not too good) with a good black bean seasoning and good (not great, but good) quality steak or chicken.  So two stars on the burritos in general.But Rubio's is really known for it's fish tacos--based on the classic San Diego fish taco.  And that's where Rubio's scores five stars--best chain store fish tacos served outside of California.  Crispy and tasty with fresh cabbage.  So if you visit, expect the food in general to be decent and the fish tacos to be excellent.  Overall, the menu evens out to 3 stars.
4	I've been going to this Rubio's for about 4 years now and it's a great place to get lunch. They are quick and really nice. I do wish they wouldn't have gotten rid of the sliced jalapenos though, it a huge pain to use their forks and knifes and cut up the whole ones and they don't fit in the to-go containers.
4	the whole "Fresh Mex" fad is in full effect.  These franchise types are everywhere.  Long gone are the days of the battle:  Should I just get Taco Bell or Del Taco?  Now we have these Mexifast food joints.  I have always noticed this place while driving around.  I was on a lunch break one day and wanted to check it out.  I entered the restaurant and was greeted promptly.   I had no idea what I wanted to get.  It seems like this place boast more about its seafood and not just chicken or steak stuff.  I asked the guy behind the counter, "What should I get?"  He was friendly and said I had to try the shrimp burrito.  He said I wouldn't be disappointed.  The restaurant has the typical salsa bar.  All clearly labeled and lined up in their spicy level.  I usually always get a verde salsa.  The cool thing about this salsa bar is that they recommend what salsa tastes best with what you order.  So I got the salsa that goes well with shrimp.  When I got my burrito is was a decent size.  I wasn't too worried about a big pile of food because it was lunch and I didn't want to be sleepy the rest of the day.  I took a bite and it was pretty good.  The mixture of shrimp, rice, and spices were great.  Will I try this place again?  Yes  Will I get it for dinner?  probably not Either way it was a tasty burrito, so go ahead and give it a shot!   Cheers!
4	I've been to this location several times. They grande bowl works well for my resolve to avoid carbs. I always it minus the sour cream, rice or chipotle sauce but its still very good.What I loved was the fact that on my visit this weekend the person taking my order was super nice. She not only made sure that I got the right order but double checked by letting me know each of the other ingredients in the bowl. She even offered to give me extra veggies since I was not having some of the ingredients.Oh - and I did not know, they have a catering menu as well!Its the great service that makes me go back everytime, even though there is another Rubio's close to where I live!
4	Great location and store is always clean. Rubio's has new items frequently, and promotions to go along with them! The salsa bar is my favorite in town, and the menu has something for everyone! Try the $1.50 Fish Taco Tuesday!
4	I've been meaning to write this for a while, but it's felt like such a chore! This location is great. Clean everything, friendly staff, never crowded. The wait for food is never more than 5-10 minutes.Now, the food. These are arguably some of the best fish tacos to be had. I really like that they've expanded their side offerings (pick 2: black or pinto beans, chips, rice). Not a fan of the rice, but the beans are always tasty. The salsas are all delish. I get a burrito every once in a while, which have all been great. I just wish there was more food. The two taco plate just doesn't fill me up! A third taco would fix that problem, but adding more items to your order makes it go up in price exponentially. If I'm already paying $7 for my combo, I'm disinclined to buy another taco/burrito/some other food item for $3+Great food, great service, portions leave something to be desired.
4	I am really pleased with the fish tacos and fast service. I was greeted with a friendly smile and they got me my order with a quickness. They fish tacos were perfect and tasty. The place is clean. Their parking sucks . Really, the parking lot is zoo.
3	I think Rubio's is my least favorite of the quick-service Mexican restaurants. I want to like it, but somehow the flavors just aren't my bag. They do have fish and shrimp here, but again, not really my bag. On the day in question I had a salad. It left a little something to be desired--though it was fresh. They make it seem like you're getting buckets full of avocado, and then you get three teeeeeny little slices. I will say that the service at this place is stellar. Everybody was so friendly, even brought me my food when I cold have gotten up and got it for myself. If I liked the flavors more, I would definitely be giving them more business based on service alone!
4	For a cheaper Baja-style Mexican chain, Rubio's is about as good as you can get. I've had several of their burritos and tacos, and I've yet to really be disappointed. The gourmet chicken/bacon taco, the fish taco especial, the health-mex chicken burrito, and the chicken burrito especial are my favorites. Their mild red salsa and their green salsa are awesome! I don't like the bitter flavor of their hot red salsa, and I'm not crazy about the dark smoky-flavored one, either, but I love the other two so much that I don't care. Their chips are thin & crisp.The beans lack flavor, so if you're a beans fan, try mixing one of the salsas in with your beans to make them more interesting. I typically don't like Mexican-style rice, so I can't vouch for theirs.The service at this location has always been good, and they share a cute little courtyard with the other places in this strip, so it's a great, easy place to grab some lunch by yourself or with friends.
4	Went here for lunch today and I must say was very happy with it. The service was very good and friendly staff. Fresh food!   I got the Mango Habanero Mahi Mahi taco plate and had it blackened. First it looked fantastic and when I took my first bite I was in love. The flavor was lipsmacking good and had just the right amount of punch. If you like some heat this gives it to you. Awesome job Rubio's!
4	Really good for fast food.  Fish tacos are delic.
5	Best fish tacos I've ever had!!!  Anytime I get a craving for fish tacos, this is the only place that I will go.  The wife and I ate here before heading out of town. The original fish taco is awesome.  The fish is fresh and the batter is so good, not to mention the great salsa, white sauce, and cabbage.  You just can't beat it.  You can also get a fish taco especial which has avocado added to the original.  It was also good, my wife's favorite. We also ordered a couple shrimp tacos.  My wife ordered one with salsa verde and avocado.  The shrimp was fresh and flavor was good.  I ordered the one with bacon and red sauce, delicious. Going back soon.
4	super good tacos great taste
5	Best Fish Tacos I have ever had. I came here based on a recommendation and I expected fast food quality food but was happily surprised with how good their fish tacos were.I got the Fish Taco Especial plate which is the Original Fish Taco topped with handmade guacamole, jack and cheddar cheese and a cilantro/onion mix.If you're looking to mix up the normal burger or sandwich I would recommend Rubio's Fresh Mexican Grill for their fish tacos!
4	Time for another round of excellent steak tacos!
5	Travis helped us and was extremely helpful and patient as we've never been her and the menu was a bit confusing.  He helped us with items on the menu and had a great way of explaining the items and had his recommendations which we are glad that we took.  Food is delicious, customer service is great... Not much more one could ask for.
4	Some new peeps joined our team today at work, so we decided to welcome them to the team by bringing them to lunch at Rubio's!  Heck, I go there a lot, I can't believe I haven't written a Yelp review yet.  When you get in, your taken to a clean venue with an Islander feel.  The salsa bar has a thatched roof feel, lots of windows which offers a lot of sunlight and makes the place open up.  There's a self service soda bar for free refills on your drinks.  When you walk into the location, the order station is surely the focal point, with a huge menu behind it.  The staff is super helpful and super patient.  Heck, we had 15 different orders and he took the time to get our order correct!  I don't know his name because his name tag said Shrimp and "Shift Leader."  He was super cool though!For lunch, I got the Grilled Shrimp Seafood Burrito for $6.99.  I got the gourmet style which may have been an extra charge, but I didn't notice on the receipt.  The burrito is stuffed with seasoned shrimp, onions, cilantro, beans and cheese.  The gourmet style also includes:  bacon bits, avocado, Chipotle white sauce and rice.  When I think of "gourmet,"  My mind doesn't necessarily gravitate to bacon bits, but let me tell you, the burrito is awesome!  Every bite contained super flavorful shrimp.  The bacon bits were smokey and dispersed throughout the burrito as well.  The onions and cilantro offered a super light and crunchy texture and if you've ever read my past reviews, you would know that I LOVE avocado.  YUMMY!  This dish was also accompanied with homemade tortilla chips and salsa.  The food is clean, the prices are affordable and the staff is on point.  Why wouldn't you want to visit this place!  Come check them out.  There's like 20 million locations city wide!
5	For what you get, this is pretty tasty. Rubios is the same around the country EXCEPT CALIFORNIA. I was unaware of this, but you can't get beer in Rubios in Henderson. Regardless, get an fried fish, avocado taco. If you don't, I will hunt you down, come up behind you, and then politely ask you why not.
3	Meh! So, so.Dos, Tres.Had never been to a Rubio's before and wasn't impressed. The staff was very  friendly and nice. The restaurant was a bit dirty, with food crumbs on tables. Tables and chairs were disorganized and the floor was filthy. Not a good sign...Had the Coastal Trio that came with three different fish tacos. Blackened Shrimp and Tilapia were both pretty decent. The third taco was a giant deep fried fish tilapia piece of lard on a tortilla. I wasn't sure how to approach it because is was so big and greasy, so I ended up passing on that. Don't see myself visiting another Rubio's and not because it was terrible but because my expectations for Mexican food is pretty high and this place is very far from Mexican Generic Food. Not very tasty and nothing about my visit stood out or left me with the "come back soon bug." Maybe in the future I will give them another shot but for now, they remain as one of my least favorite for Mexican.
5	Super fresh food with a chill atmosphere and music are what you can expect when dining at this place.  My cashier Travis was super friendly and helpful with the menu.  He talked me into grilling my tilapia with spices and it was delicious.  I like it here, besides being light, satisfying and non greasy, the interior is really cute and beachy.
3	I was here the other day and it was decent. The staff was friendly and the food was adequate. I like that they have a salsa bar. I have been here a few times and it's always reasonably good, although some of the food tends to be a bit on the bland side, especially their veggie burrito. Before you say veggies are bland in general, if you're a good cook then you can make anything taste good so I don't wanna hear it. The fish tacos are good.
5	This is the only Rubio's I eat at. The food is always good and the staff is really nice. The manager Mark is excellent! He is always making sure the patrons are doing well and that their food is just the way they ordered it. I completely recommend this location!
5	Great friendly service every time, I recommend the ancho citrus shrimp burrito and the blackened mahi mahi fish taco. Solid visit every time I decide to stop by.
5	Service is awesome.  Staff is great, ordered tilapia burrito stuff with rice, sweet corn, purple cabbage, omg it was delicious, recommend this to anyone.
5	This Rubio's location is great! Service is friendly and fast, they always get my order right and the food is great! I have had multiple bad experiences at the Eastern and Serene location but this location has never disappointed. I recommend the Classic Steak Burrito Especial. It's not on the menu anymore but they will make it for you. It's delicious!
3	They have Surf & Turf special now. If you're on their e-mail list you should get a $1.00 off coupon. I tried their surf and turf taco combo. It was o.k., The lobster taco was good but the turf taco tasted kind of like beef jerky because the meat was so dry, and that was not so good. Still I would recommend this place because usually their food is really good.
3	I love rubios. Great flavor and food. But it took me 20 minutes to get my food. Shouldn't take that long. 5-10 is acceptable.
3	We're used to the great service from the Arizona Rubio's that this Rubio's doesn't compare.  Only my husband was eating and it was 3 fish tacos.  It took SOOOO long for them to make these, it wasn't funny.  I saw other people get their food and leave and still he hadn't gotten his tacos.  He finally got his tacos.Anyway, thankfully the Rubio's we go to all have better service.  This wasn't the worst, and we had had bad service at a McDonald's the day before, so the fact we didn't get great service was a bit of a shock as well as a disappointment.
