4	Went to step brothers soccer game here. Very impressive sports center.
5	I had been searching for a church since I moved here and have had a hard time finding one I liked. I avoided CCV for a long time because I thought the messages would be superficial and weak since it was obvious the building itself was worth a few million and seemed cultish with their CCV window stickers. I WAS WRONG! The grounds are absolutely stunning and some of the people there are too. However I found on my first attendance that I was warmly welcomed and Pastor Don's message was enlightening and inspiring. My worry that they would not stay true to the word quickly dissipated. I have never been a big fan of worship music but my first time there they played viva la vida by coldplay which was a nice surprise. I have come to enjoy some of the performers (Danny is my favorite) and try my best not to be late! There are a ton of ways to become involved even though it is a very large church so if you are looking I would definitely check it out.
5	Ccv brings the good news of Jesus Christ to you in a way that will touch the deepest parts of your soul!
5	I just started attending here at Christmas and I'm so glad I tried it.  I haven't been attending since I was a child because church was always so long and boring.  I actually look forward to going every week now!  The building and campus is beautiful!  The volunteers who greet you everywhere are so welcoming and friendly.  Everyone is so nice.The services are amazing.  The first half of the service is mostly music, which sounds fantastic.  Their music is geared toward a younger generation, and looking around the service, there seem to be a huge percentage of young people here.Pastor Don, and the others who I have heard speak, are inspirational.  They have wonderful messages that connect to me and my real life.  I don't feel like I'm being lectured like I have at other churches.  They make me want to do better in my life and be a better person.The child center is wonderful as well.  After services every week, my girls play in the courtyard with all the toys and balls.  They really enjoy the time that we get to play together.There is also a bookstore, food court (Starbucks!), and outdoor grill.  There are tons of TV screens for those who don't want to miss out on any of the football games that are playing.I love coming here and I would highly recommend it to everyone!
5	CCV Rocks!  I started there back in 1995.  Pastor Don walks the talk!  What you get on stage is who he REALLY is!  It's relevant and grabs you EVERY week.  Who thought church could be this cool?  AND they don't keep it to themselves...  I love what we're doing for the community, for families, for the world outreach that we do!
5	This place changed my life 3 years ago!  Of you are looking for a church with a dynamic message (and an awesome kids program) this is where you wanna go!
5	CCV presents faith in the prefect way. True (biblical), educational, inspiring, AND FUN!
5	CCV has been my home for 5 years. I was first shown the enormity of the church at a diamondback's game when I seen the crowd fill the stands with CCV shirts. I knew this was a church that touched an enormous amount of people and I had to see it to myself. Later, I moved in next door to a couple and noticed their CCV sticker. I asked about it, they invited me...the rest is History. Its my goal to be like my neighbor's- Angela & Chris to be a friend and share what Christ has done in my life.
5	If you are looking for a Home Church, Christ Church Of the Valley is the place for you.  CCV is taking the city by storm we ARE ALL IN.  This Saturday we are all making an impact in our community come be a part of this.
5	Just visited for second time today. Very exceptional  music, service and people!!Wonderful to be among so many kind people, and refreshing to feel the impact of the message being shared. The music really helped me feel the spirit of the mood and easily reflect on what matters most. This place is outstanding!!!!
5	My Family and I have been attending this Church for about 20 years, back when it was a relatively small Church.  We live in Scottsdale, and we drive over to the west side, to attend, we love Don Wilson who is the Pastor,  he is a wonderful Speaker, he also married us. I recommend this Church to Everyone, wonderful Church !
5	Love this church. Very welcoming members and staff, and great children's and adult programs. Lots of activities and amenities. Services are engaging and enjoyable.
5	A church that is large, but small enough to take care of the local community and people. Been attending for a little over 2 years - and the weekend services never disappoint. Time to get plugged in and see what else I can do.
5	First time I have been to church in years.....Was as cool as it gets for church.
2	Been a member for over 5 years now and was incredibly inspired and motivated for the first 4. For the past year they started taping the services because we are such a large church and Pastor Don was being over worked, absolutely understandable. We didn't mind driving our 40 minutes to church, (great worship music) in order to only watch a video of our Pastor; we believed it to be temporary. The message was always inspirational and delivered something redeeming, so we continued going. So when they dropped in Pastor Mark  one Sunday as the "teaching Pastor" it was a surprise. Didn't know if he temporary or what, only knew that he was in fact coming to us live. As weekly church goers it occurred to us although Pastor Mark was a man of God, he did not have the same gifting of Pastor Don and it was clear there was going to be a trade off.-but at least we had a Pastor in person. Fast forward; the last 2 services we attended we watched Pastor Mark coming to us taped on the big screen Rather disappointing when all things considered we could stream live my brother -law's message from the pulpit in California while saving ourselves an hour and a half commute time. The entire church  has grown so large and expanded that it feels to have fragmented the church. It's just odd sitting there now with half the people filling the seats watching a video. Not what I believed church planting was supposed to actually be. Although we are tithing and still consider this our home church, it doesn't feel like home. It makes me sad.
1	So tired and disappointed by the right wing comments and obvious political agenda. Makes me sad to the bone because all i want is to be taught the bible's message. Didn't know that being a christian also meant being a republican.
3	Disclaimer: I recently moved to AZ and I've only been here once. I assume a lot based on one visit. Not fair of me, I know. However, I come from a large (13000-25000 weekly) church in CO and speak from previous experience (on staff and attendee). Everyone was nice and seemed sincere. Children's programs seem great. Service and music were good. This "campus" was nice! Very, very nice. So nice that it seems pretentious, like a Christian country club. I checked out the website and info I was given. Kinda shocked that everything costs money. Tithes should be going to create free programs to help your folks and not to coffee shops and cafes.The host was like a salesperson. I shouldn't get a free gift for coming.(I didn't accept). Silly. What is your motivation? Got a call a few weeks later from the church. Just like a sales call. Post your books online. Transparency?
4	This church is great.  The message is something I can relate to and the music is fantastic.  The Peoria campus is huge!!  If you are looking for a smaller experience you may want to visit one of the other locations.  Message is via video for most services.
1	MONEY MONEY MONEY GIVE US MONEYThere's not even a single cross at this place. It's more like a casino for adults, the house always wins.
4	My husband was born and raised catholic I was born and raised LDS. We needed to find a bible based non denominational church we could attend as a family. We have been very happy with CCV. I love the messages, the Pastors are all great. It is extremely different for me, but good. I will always remain LDS, but I  am happy to be able to attend church as a family each week. It has been nothing but positive for our whole family.
5	My husband and I attended ccv Peoria location for years, but recently they opened the Scottsdale campy which is closer to home for us, but I do miss this campus. The building itself is very warm and inviting. If you have kids, their kids facility is like Disneyland, they will be begging you to go back. Sermons are always outstanding and very relatable. Their main focus is getting men to attend first and appealing to them so the whole family goes, I love this concept. I know this church has really turned my husband back into getting involved in church again which is priceless. Try a sermon and don't forget to bring a friend
4	We have been attending CCV for more than 10 years.  The services are very good.  The sermons and the pastors who present them are excellent and inspire spiritual growth.  The Neighborhood groups that they want you to attend are not good if you are looking for spiritual growth and inspiration.  If you are looking for a group therapy session to discuss your problems, then you may want to try a Neighborhood group.  The neighborhood groups are an acquired taste. But the church service is very good and the people (members and staff) are very nice and friendly.
1	I feel that this church only cares about it's public appearance and money.
2	Nice campus... Great live music... But the pastor preaches on pre taped video which is distributed to their various locations around town... My family found the experience a tad strange. To be more efficient next week I  am going to pull out my guitar at home and sing some songs with the family and watch Joel Osteen on TV.
4	Wow...this place is AMAZING!  I've been to a few mega churches in Sacramento but this place is really unbelievable in size and amenities of a church.  It's a very casual environment so I almost felt overdressed in my slacks.  We stayed after service and had a nice lunch out on the patio, which was also massive.  The only reason I didn't give it 5 stars was because of the initial shock of the service being on screen.  I get it...why make someone repeat themselves 4 times just because I couldn't get out of bed early enough to see it live?  But also because it had a hint of the "get busy for Christ" mentality.Overall, it was a great experience and if I lived closer I'd probably return.
4	This is just a very modern church and service. It is far from what I am used to and not at all the kind of setting that I was raised with. This is the third time I have been here and I will most likely keep coming back because the bottom line is the message. It is hard to get a bad message or the wrong message in church. For the most part the only difference is the presentation of the message for church to church. This church has a bit of everything to offer its members! Food, fellowship, and solid services. For me, it is difficult to go to any service with 3 young kids, but they really help out with that here. I am able to go to the service and the Sunday school for the kids has been nothing but impressive.
5	The best way to refocus, recharge and get back in sync.Music is amazing, and the message is always powerful, relevant and on point.
5	I love I here! It's a big church with a small church feel! Everyone says hello and is helpful! I must say they have the best nursery director ever! But I may be a little bias  ! !
4	CCV has a fun and usually meaningful service. You can relate it to something concrete in your real life. It also has an amazing campus in Peoria. If you come from a small church, you will be astounded. If you are looking for a church, give this one a try. There's nothing to lose. You get a free meal as a guest and no high pressure sales pitch.
5	I absolutely love this church and can't say enough wonderful things about it!  They have an outstanding children's ministry.  My children love coming here and learn so many great things.  The messages are spot on and really help you deal with life.  We just moved to AZ and were attending Saddleback Church in Lake Forest.  I thought there is no way I'm going to find another church similar to Saddleback.  I was wrong.  Our family loves CCV!
