2	Ram was too hungover to eat their steak and eggs. They were overcooked. The bloody mary had a spicy back of your throat. Ram had the cheeseballs. So many dudes. Swerve
2	Breakfast is a fine time to eat here. Don't eat here any other time. The supposed brick oven pizza is soggy and nasty with unripe tomato. The other menu items must come from a bag as if you ask for the fish, say, not blackened, this is not possible. The pasta was decent and even al dente but the service surly and got drinks wrong. Really you mess up Pepsi? The guy for breakfast was so nice we came back an we only have regret. Only good for morning.
3	The eggs benedict was really good, fast service. The bloody marry has a lot of  Worcester shire's sauce. About the same price as room service
3	Our original breakfast spot didn't open until much later, so we just walked around Miracle Mile until we came upon Ocean One Bar. I actually also came for lunch that same day (although it wasn't by my choice).Decent food, just nothing memorable or extraordinary.Breakfast was cheap -- way cheaper than the place across from here. For both breakfast and lunch I had the $5.99 special so not having to spend like $15 on one meal was nice.I had the poached eggs, bacon and toast. We were also served homemade jam but it was extremely too sweet. Lunch, I came with a bigger group and had chicken breast with vegetables and a really nice soy-based glaze.Service both times were good (by the same waiter, actually). It was quite slow both times so I'm curious how this place is when it's packed.
1	The food was very bland and overcooked, if that wasnt bad enough, our waitor gave bad service.This place gets a star for the nice seating and decor.  I purchased a groupon and did not know that the gratuity was automatically added ( maybe thats why the service was bad).  From the beginning our waitor was very high strung and kept talking over me when I was asking him questions.  I ordered the cajun chicken pasta which was bland.  The waitor never came back to check on me so I had to flag someone else down.  I then ordered the cajon salmon salad which was overcooked.  Again, the server never came back to check on us.  I paid the bill but did not tip because I felt the server did a terrible job. I would never return to this place.
3	We found the food to be very good. I ordered pasta with chicken - problem was there was hardly any chicken - 7 small chicken cubes about 5/8". I told the server and he brought me an entire plate of chicken - about 5 times was in the original dish! My wife had the tilapia and it was very good. Be aware, they will add 18% to your bill. Of course you can reject it, but our waitress was so good, I decided to leave it.  I just resent their presumption.
1	Food... way below sub par, service- below the subpar food...atmosphere- dark & gloomy with teeny bopper music... would never eat here again
1	Dont go. We sat at the bar. 20 minutes for service.  @ one point the bar was left unattended for 15 minutes of the 20. Sign at door entrance said $5 food menu to be told they don't have it. False advertisement.Restrooms have not been cleaned in days. Toilet paper on the floor. Toilets not flushed. DRIED FECES on the stall. I had the hostess get the manager & she did. Waited 15 minutes for a female employee to say he is not in.Do NOT PATRONIZE.
5	Service is awesome!  Food excellent prices are cheap couldnt believe it! Stumbled upon this place on the miracle mile!
1	The worst dining experience I ever had in Las Vegas.  The large plastic menus should have been a warning sign. The crab cake was ok, but the menu was completely unimpressive and so I had a Caesar salad and crab cake. Seemed safe. Salad tasted like wet lettuce.  This may be the first time I ever added salt to a salad.  Ever.  The bartender was clueless as to basic classic cocktails that every bartender should know. If you want cheap, bland food and well drinks, then come here.
