3	This little place just opened today, 8/29. I had the yellowtail nigiri, a spicy salmon handroll, and the dumplings (potstickers). First - day 1 opening pains were obvious - we came early to miss a crowd, and I'm glad we did. Line went to the door and a lot of folks walked out while waiting for the cashier to take orders. Give 'em time. The Yellowtail Nigiri was a mixed bag: fish was wonderfully fresh (1 point), the sushi chef did not use Wasabi (-1 point) and the rice was less than well cooked (-1 point). The handroll was similarly mixed: the ingredients were very tasty, but the seaweed wrap was stale and chewy. The thing that saved the day was the potstickers: I got the pork, and even though they were small, they were perfectly prepared and delicious. Servers were confused and a little lost, but that was opening day newness going on. They were extremely polite and checked on us frequently. Let's hope that stays the same over time I am being generous by giving 3 stars here. We'll go back in a few weeks and try again. I'm hoping they get it together, because I work in the building and it would be nice for this place not to suck. Updates to follow.
5	the entrees are very reasonably priced for lunch and good portions as well. I got the hibachi chicken which was great and reminded me a lot of tin tin box noodles. line to order moved a little slow and then you get a number for the food to be delivered to your table.  Very clean and the staff was polite and helpful.  good lunch spot for those in that downtown area.
4	Ate there yesterday for lunch. There weren't many places open uptown and my friend had mentioned this place just opened up. Decided to give it a try and I have to say it was pretty decent. First thing I noticed was that the decor was very nice. Although the menu sign needs some work. The wait staff was attentive and friendly, as they should be. I ordered the Hibachi Steak and Mushrooms and my friend ordered the Hibachi Chicken. I also ordered 3 pieces of Salmon Sashimi and the dragon roll. The steak was cooked pretty well. I tried a piece of my friends chicken, and it was a bit dry. The sashimi was fresh, and the dragon roll was very good. Surprisingly good actually. Overall I would rate this place 4 stars because pricing is very good. It's not as expensive as other hibachi restaurants, particularly since it's uptown. The hibachi is above average. The sushi is pretty exceptional. I would hit this place up again.
4	Hasaki Grill HITS the spot when you're craving Asian food (and specifically Hibachi / Sushi) at odd times of the day.While the restaurant doesn't feature teppan yaki style cooking (making it right in front of you), they do the exact same thing in the back for 100x cheaper. We're talking no more than $7 for a full meal of grilled hibachi chicken and mushrooms over fried rice. You could go to Benihana, drop $50 easy and still be hungry...Not feeling the grill today? Go for the sushi, it's way better than that piece of sh** place down the road called KO Sushi (last time I went there my salmon had a strange greenish hue - NEVER AGAIN). What I like best about this place is the warm and friendly staff. The restaurant is entirely family-owned and all the employees are related to each other. I know my Asian values well, and this place is just like walking into an Asian home. You're treated like a guest and the business owners will always accommodate customization and requests. They've only been open a month or so and I'm glad that it's conveniently placed by work. You get a bunch of sauces with your take out orders and you'll never feel hungry after a meal (huge portions). Try the shrimp tempura or gyoza as an app!Simple, tasty, and efficient, just need a nice Asian beer!! :)4/5
5	Um, I think I have found my new spot for my hibachi & sushi fix!Service: A++! With a table of 11, service was fantastic! Quick ordering & a reasonable amount of time to have the food brought out.And the food: OH MY. Sushi: Crunchy roll, panther roll, rainbow roll & Hasaki roll. Nice portions, full of flavor & taste. Nice presentation!Entree: Seaweed salad & squid salad.  Both had a nice "kick" to them!  The squid wasn't chewy; it was perfect. I had the hibachi steak & mushrooms, with zucchini & onions instead of carrots. It comes with fried rice. DELICIOUS! Good pieces of steak & they're not skimpy on the mushrooms, onions & zucchini. My boyfriend had the steak & scallops. WOW. The scallops were HUGE & very flavorful. AND...the entire entree coves the WHOLE plate, yes, THE WHOLE PLATE! Love it...Fried ice cream & fried cheesecake to top off your meal. Pricing: Very reasonable. What I consider lunch prices is the price all the time!Ambiance: upbeat dance music & lovely earth tones...& unique lighting fixtures.  Many tables & a few booths.Additional details: Smiley faces on the ginger dressing on the salad & credit card / business card "take with" menus.
5	I love this spot!! The whole staff is sweet and very accommodating!! Came in with a large party 40 minutes before they closed! Not only did they served us great tasting food they also stayed open an extra 30 minutes to let us eat our food in peace!! Now that's great customer service!! Their sushi is great, the udon soup is decent but the tempura is delicious!!
5	I found it!!  Everybody, swarm swarm swarm!!  The best take out Uptown!!  Only after searching the streets of Charlotte for over a year, did I find Hasaki.  Well, to be honest they only opened like a month a go but you know what I'm saying.  Let me get right into it and I will get the only issue right out of the way.Location/Decor - 4/5:  They are right down the street from the French Quarter going towards the BofA Stadium.  It would be better, for their sake, if they were on the Trade/Tryon Strip but whatever.  Right next door to the new American Grill (ironic huh?).  The sit down area is nice but not "fancy restaurant" style at all.  More like casual and comfy.  Service - 5/5:  Do you want it in 5 minute or 30 minute.  It doesn't matter!  They are fast and good at what they do.  Also, the lady at the cash register speaks gooder english than me do so no problem (Sorry, just jokes).  She is so sweet and took the time to talk to me about the whole menu.  Portion/Price - 6/5:  You read that right... 6 out of 5.  Huge portions.  I am a big eater (run triathlons) and I need my calories but oh lordy Lord.  The hibachi COMBO platter is enough food for two and is around $11.  But trust me when I say that you only need the single entree and you will be satisfied ($6-$8).Shrimp Sauce - 5/5:  First let me say, that I hate HATE mayonnaise.  Having said that.... I love this shrimp sauce.  I got an extra one and used it the next day on some quinoa.  Hells yeah..  Something made out of mayo that counters my hatred for mayo is something special.  Trust me and give this place a try. Oh yeah... Only got the Shrimp Tempura roll once and it was scrumptious..  ENJOY!!-Ian M.
2	I was driving around town...searching for something different, new to try before going to a jazz concert last night...and remembered seeing Hasaki after going to Knights Theater.  I quickly tuned into my reliable source for great reviews....Yelp and was excited to see the great reviews for Hasaki.  So...I made a few u-turns...and turned a corner or two...and found offstreet parking within a half block of the restaurant.  Entering...it was quiet....just a couple of patrons.  The ambience was very nice.  It had the comfortable feel of a nice place to eat.  So...my quest began for a simple meal...an d a nice vino or beer....and what started out as a 5 star rating...began to go down fairly quickly.  I took away a half star because the waiter had no knowledge of the specials...or what was the most popular items.  Also, no knowledge of how dishes were prepared or what was included.  So...had to wing it.  Started with the spring rolls...and found that they were processed items out of freezer box!  That meant another 1/2 star.  Down to 4....could it get worse?  I was hoping it would not.  So, I started on my second appetizer...the jumbo fried shrimp tempura...OK...that was good!  And as I searched for my pinot noir...it was not to be found.  Nearly 10 mins after ordering....there was a challenge uncorking the bottle.  OK...so the liquor license was just issued....aaaaaaahhhhh no excuses. (down to 3 stars)  OK...on to the main entree.... Hibachi chicken with mushrooms....no...I had to have brocolli...something green.  OK...the entree arrived.... and the chicken was very chewy...tough....and almost tasteless. I wish I could stay with 3...but down to 2 stars.   Had to season with soy and Tabasco.  It was quite a challenge getting through the meal.  Fortunately....the other entree ordered was filling.  The hibachi shrimp with rice!OK....so maybe on a Friday night....it was just difficult to get it all right!  Perhaps I will try again.....sometime I will get back for sushi and add some stars back to this rating!!!
2	After reading previous reviews, I was not overly impressed by anything at Hasaki Grill on this quiet Friday evening.  The music was too loud and not because it was not my flavor.  The waiter, bless his heart, had no idea what to do or say.  He said too much but yet did not ask enough questions.  No water was offered, which I accept as the new "thing".  However, once he brought over the appetizers, he failed to bring plates, silverware, or napkins.  I applaud the business for creating jobs, but please know that you must provide minimal training.  It might help to send the staff to other establishments to see how it is or isn't done.  I am not going to knock him too bad for his lack of service because I am really happy he has a job, for now.  Moving on to the food, the shrimp appetizer was artfully arranged and the shrimp was tasty; however, we had to request silverware and ginger sauce to make use of the ample serving of lettuce and carrots that was served with the appetizer.  My entree, shrimp with broccoli (served with fried rice and sweet carrots) was nothing special.  The wine list is very limited and as expected, the waiter was unable to offer any suggestions as they had recently received their liquor license.  It is my guess that the Uptown lunch crowd may keep this restaurant in business as only two other tables were occupied in the tastefully decorated restaurant.  I will make another visit to Hasaki to check out the sushi - hopefully, it will not disappoint...and I will gladly update this review at that time.
5	Hasaki now has its liquor license! DRINK UP!!!!!5/5
4	Don't you love those cold rainy days? Convenience is worth the extra buck. When you work right upstairs, nothing like hopping on the elevator walking 25 ft and ordering some good cheap eats.While it might seem high end from the exterior, Hasaki is a take out kinda place with dishes ranging in the $7 range. Quite affordable, great portions but what the hell are sweet carrots?My only complaint is the lack of veggies. I wish these hibachi places would just offer a veggie medley. Is it too much to ask for broccoli, mushrooms and zucchini?
4	Love this place! Only reasons it's getting 4 stars instead of 5: the calamari appetizer was very small, maybe 7 or 8 rings, and they don't have soda water. Otherwise the place is a great value. Nice atmosphere, friendly and attentive service and super tasty hibachi dinner for the price of lunch? Yes please!
5	Hasaki now has a new ENHANCED menu!Hibachi!Teriyaki!Pho! Noodles!Sushi!Sake!Ice Cream!One stop shop!!! ^_^
2	now, to be honest, i have only tried the sushi.  and i have only done that at lunch time whilst standing on one foot, hopping up and down and rubbing my tummy.  plus it is in the building adjacent to the one i work in, so it seems like it would be easy to pop out for a quick sushi fix at lunch.my first time, was with my high school girlfriend my senior year.  we were both nervous... i mean, i was having lunch with a friend and we decided to dine in.the line was long since we got there right around noon and they don't really have ample seating to handle their lunch crowd.  so you are sort of left with one of those "college cafeteria, put your jacket on your chair while you order" type of situations.i ordered a spicy tuna and a spider roll, i think.  for as busy as it was, i understood the ten to fifteen minute wait to get our food.  most of my first soda was gone by then.  the rolls, for roughly $8-10 a pop, are relatively small.  like the diameter of a quarter.  the flavor wasn't bad, but it was nothing i would write japan about.since then, i have tried it on a strictly take-out basis.  when this occurs, you are left standing in front of the small sushi bar that they make your rolls.... waiting.the first time, it was again, a slammed lunch time, so i understood the ten to fifteen minute wait.  but this last go round, the place was maybe half full with no more than three people in line at a time.  and other than the seated patrons, nobody at the counter was really ordering sushi.i seriously waited fifteen minutes for a spicy tuna roll the diameter of a quarter in eight half inch pieces and two pieces of salmon nigiri that were the size of bait.  and i got out of there for about twelve bucks.  seriously disappointing.
3	went today for a brief lunch date.both had the Hibachi chicken w/ mushrooms... other had Hibachi chicken w/ broccolli.only a few other ppl in there at the time. We walked up ordered and recieved the HOT food in about 7 mins. Maybe less. Food was ok. nothing special. I'll try something else different the next time, see if it gets better.
3	I must first start off that I am going to be a little biased due to someone I know who works here. However, that won't help much. I came here for a birthday dinner and at first glance I thought this place was neatly decorated. A very fusion-esque place with contemporary lights and dining space with small bar and a couple of TV's. This is under the Ally building in Charlotte so automatically I think of it as a lunch spot for those daily city workers.Anyways, for the appetizer I decided to order and try out their fried calamari. I'm a calamari fan and I wanted to see what this place could cook up. What came out was a little disappointing. Yes, the calamari was fried, however there was absolutely no flavor. It did come with a sauce that just reminded me of some kind of duck sauce for spring rolls with a hint of spice. It was nothing special to me.Then for the entree I ordered the hibachi chicken with mushrooms. Yet again, nothing special. I felt the shrimp sauce was a little watery, it didn't seem like normal shrimp sauce with the nice flavor coming out of it. The portions were very weird, as there wasn't enough rice nor chicken. But, I guess it's because it's cheap. (I had to order the calamari after eating the entree because I finished it so fast) On the plus side, they were very nice and helpful with everything. The birthday girl had her fun and that was all that matters. In the end, this place is definitely a lunch place. Quick, in and out kind of dining that will get you back at the office.
3	Solid spot on the lunch train, and unless I'm just a silly pants blind person, the only location with what I like to call "Japanese Fast Food".  You know, the kind of place where they just KNOW everyone's going to pour the "shrimp sauce" all over everything, so they give you a nice big plastic thing of it.  I did not partake in the hibachi menu, had some sushi and a garden salad (with that delicious sesame ginger dressing that really only tastes right from a place like this).  Sushi isn't the best in the world, but it's not grocery store quality either.  Salad was fresh and crunchy, and I like the challenge of eating salad with chopsticks.  A nice addition to the uptown lunch choices, and since I'm across the street, it's just the right amount of walking in the sun from one place to the next.  All in all, a solid spot.  Gets a bid loud at the peak of lunchtime though!  Bring a megaphone, or be a loudmouth like me.
3	Someone in back really knows how to make pho. It's just what I needed after a hard day's work and a previous night's drinking. The broth was flavored well, and the accompanying green leafies, jalapeno, lime and sprouts were right on.The hibachi-style dish my dining companion had was pretty average, but tasty overall.  Prices were reasonable, and service was quick and very friendly. Decor is basic but contemporary, and the location is central to many downtown spots.
4	My colleague took me here for lunch, maybe because I'm Asian It gets pretty busy during lunch hours with all the business people. The atmosphere is busy, a sit-down-eat-and-go kind of place...at least for lunch. I ordered a steak with shrimp, and it comes with a mild mayonnaise. The ingredients are very fresh and cooked to order.
3	The Venue: This place definitely seems like more of a lunch spot to me than a restaurant. It was clean but very cold...my lips were actually turning bluish at the end of the meal. The Sushi:  All the sushi tasted good (we had the bobcat, cherry, crunchy, and rainbow). I enjoyed all but I didn't feel like the bobcat roll warranted the $2 extra as it wasn't any larger than the other rolls and didn't have more substance. The rolls are pretty small here, we were able to finish all four between the two of us without a problem. I would stick to the cheaper rolls $8 and under. They do not have any big specialty rolls, everything was pretty basic. The quality of the fish was fresh though slices were thin and I abhor chopped tuna. The Staff: The food took quite a long time to prepare despite the restaurant being empty. In fact we had it delivered to us in two different rounds which was a little odd. Our server was not knowledgeable and couldn't tell us what was on top of our roll (we figured out it was tuna...chopped and pressed together to look like a solid piece). We also sat drinkless for quite sometime...again, the place had perhaps 2 other tables seated. Verdict: For cheap sushi K.O is better  in my opinion though they don't have seating.If it's a special occasion or you want to be wowed I would try elsewhere. Overall though I would come back as it was fresh and a safe bet for inexpensive sushi, no unpleasant fishy flavors here!
5	I'm a huge fan of Japanese STYLE Teppanyaki grills. OK, so this one is not your traditional "chop chop" restaurant where they cook it in front of you. But the result is just the same. DELICIOUS. Recently discovered this place as our original destination was the American Roadside Grill (see my review on that place). It's right next door on Church street. First and foremost. This is mainly a LUNCH place. I believe they serve dinner, but it is crazy crowded for lunch. And after dining here, I know why. Their food is quite simply DELICIOUS. Oops...I used that word again. But it applies! First time I had the steak and scallop combo. When I got it, I thought that this is as good as most full service Teppanyaki grills, and trust me, I've been to MANY in my lifetime....throughout North America! Flavor profiles are great. And the food portions are LARGE, at least for the combos. Not cheap (~$12) but WORTH it. Bear these things in mind if you order a combo....Second time I had the lunch special. More reasonable size and only $8, and that included a spring roll (delicious too) and a drink!They call it "Shrimp Sauce," most call it "Yum Yum" sauce. It's that very yummy pink stuff that they serve at Teppanyaki grills.I don't know exacctly what's in it, but it would make shoe leather taste good! Seems EVERONE love it. I sure do!The Watiers are very attentive, and willing to get you whatever you need. Of course they're pineing for tips, but hey, they need to make a living too. And they were very nice!All in all, I LOVE this place! My workmates do too. Oh, it DOES get VERY crowded around lunch time, so best time to go is BEFORE 11:30 AM, IF you can.Please bear in mind that my review is only for the Teppanyaki grill stuff....NOT the Sushi. I have not yet had that, so my 5 Stars is for the grilled food. Just wanted to make that clear. By far the best Asian GRILL place in Uptown!
4	I actually found Hasaki Grill through yelp! The delicious pictures plus the ridiculously affordable prices were what convinced me. About $6/$7 for hibachi/teriyaki grill? I'M DOWN! (That is if you just get a regular item, like teriyaki steak or chicken..etc)The interior has a nice blend of a modern vibe with hints of asian accents. I love that the table has old chinese/japanese scriptures. The splashes of red in combination with dim lighting sets a very relaxed mood.Most items on the menu are about $10 or less, unless you get a dinner plate. We ordered Beef Udon Noodles, Teriyaki Steak & Scallop Combination Plate and a Rainbow Roll. I'm a huge fan of udon noodles in general so I was curious how they would taste here. The dish was delicious, but I've had better. The teriyaki steak & scallop plate was my favorite. The meat was very tender and the dish was overall very flavorful. I will probably just get steak next time though. They didn't give much scallops anyways. Regardless, the portion sizes were relatively large. The sushi is the reason why I took away a star. Although the presentation was nice, the pieces fell apart every time I tried to pick up a piece. Plus, the overall roll was somewhat bland. I think with minor tweaks here and there, Hasaki would become a great go-to place in the future! OH btw.. they randomly threw in pho in their menu. It kinda took me by surprise, but I'm kinda curious how pho would taste here.. maybe next time!
1	Scene - lunch visit. Order - miso soup, soft shell crab roll, tuna sashimi.strike 1 - Bug in miso soup.strike 2 - have me tuna nigiri than sashimistrike 3 - tuna was million miles away from being sushi grade. Probably more suitable for a well-done tuna steak sandwich.Epic Fail Bonus - shortchanged me on order of sashimi (gave 2pcs than 3pcs)Ambience - does it matter at this point? But, casual, little loud. More like a fast food lunch joint than sushi place.Judgement - 1 star.
4	This is my favorite Asian food spot downtown. Get the hibachi chicken!
4	Great value and good food. A fairly healthy option nestled between burger joints and unaffordable high-end options. Shrimp sauce is mild and good on the beef!
4	I rolled in here at 6:00PM on a Monday night. The server met me quickly and brought me my water. I had looked at the menu before going so I knew what I wanted. They have a sheet to check off what sushi you want. I got a crunchy shrimp roll and it was fantastic. I also got the 'normal' California roll and a spicy tuna roll. Very good, well rolled and fresh. Would defintely come back.
4	Yummy yummy!!!  I'm impressed:)
5	utterly the best Japanese hibachi place in uptown charlotte!  I have been here 3 times with my coworkers and we all love it! Reasons why you should indulge on this place:1) super cheap and affordable! under $10 easily with tax and no tip needed2) efficient service! super fast and nice wait staff!3) the steak and scallop are so tender and enormous (scallops) this meal is about $12 but if u just get the steak meal is under $104) I hate carrots but the sweet carrots here are like candy so delicious! will definitely be back here.  enjoy!
5	This place is awesome for "authentic" Japanese food....served fast, but not fast food. To be uptown, the prices a very reasonable....even the sushi! The "all day" menu rocks!!! Not just lunch prices that end at 4....all day!! I like to substitute onions and zucchini for the carrots....but whats good is you can swap out broccoli and mushrooms on the entrees as well. Whatever you like! The sushi is very good. I like Rock-N-Roll and the Volcano Roll. Never had a bad experience....well, except when I see all the receipts I have laying around...lol!!
5	I was visiting from Florida and a friend of mine recommended this place.  It was so good my wife and I ate lunch there and had a wonderful experience. Not over priced and the service was very pleasant. If I lived up here I would go back over and over.
4	So yummy and fresh! Perfect addition to downtown :) a but small but what else do you expect in the area.  Spring rolls are amazing!
5	I'm new to working Uptown 5 days a week in the south/Wells Fargo/Duke Energy/Ally area. Coworker took me here today, and I was duly impressed!The line gets long, but moves quickly. Tables were always available, but just barely, around the noon lunch hour. They do a lot of carry out business.The food was a very, VERY tall step above what you get at Tintin, up north where BofA offices are located. If you dine-in, your meal is served on a nice plate with real silverware and sauce.For lunch I got the steak and broccoli, substituting onions & zucchini for sweet carrots (.50 cents) and a soda.The food arrived quickly and was delicious! It was honestly like eating at a Benihana without the drama of a table show. The steak was perfectly cooked, the meal was tasty and filling, and it was the best amount of food to avoid a full-on afternoon food coma. Great value for the money spent!Added bonus: Huy Fong Sriracha at the table!It was so delicious, I plan on going tomorrow for my weekly lunch with my husband! This is a gem. I foresee many more lunches spent here.
5	I eat here all the time but we always get take out. So today was the first time I have actually dined in and you always forget how good food is when is right off the grill but I was definitely reminded today. Don't get me wrong their take out is great too! Fast service and good food. One of my favorite lunch spots uptown!!!
4	Good food and fast/friendly service. You won't leave hungry with these portion sizes either.
5	Great hibachi in uptown! My favorite is the hibachi steak; add zucchini and onions for fifty cents. I usually go there for take out and they are always quick and very pleasant. I have dined in a couple times and I appreciate the nice dishes and real flatware; rarely the case with other places.  This has become a frequent visit for me.
2	I went here for lunch today the place is pretty clean and the price is what you would expect for uptown about 11.00 for lunch and drink. I tried to order steak and broccoli but they wouldn't let me substitute mushroom for broccoli. Instead I ordered the shrimp and broccoli the food came out very quickly which was great but the broccoli and the shrimp or still cold in the middle so obviously it was not cooked fresh or read it thoroughly. The server never came back to ask out of food was so I never got an opportunity to complain. I will probably go back here again because the flavors were good but next time I will make them we eat the food if it is cold and give them another bad review.
5	Love this place for quick hibachi! They are always so quick and the food has always been consistent!  Best hibachi in CLT.
3	The Hasaki Grill is a typical fast casual style Japanese restaurant focused on Hibachi and Teriyaki style dishes.  It has the usual steak, chicken, shrimp, etc., so don't expect much originality here.  You have wait in line before giving your order and, depending if its there or to go, given a number.  The facilities are clean and very modern; though because of limited area, the tables are all joined together and could make for awkward company.The prices for the dishes are slightly cheaper than other similar restaurants in the Uptown area.  The meal is served on actual plates, though portion size are smaller though than average.  All meals typically come with shrimp sauce and drinks are self serve.  Reasonable wait time.In my visit, I ordered Hibachi steak with zucchini and onions instead of carrots, which was a small price addition.  Taste wise, it was okay... the sauce utilized was sweet, not expected for Hibachi.  I ate all and it was okay, but because the portion size is smaller, I was still kind of hungry.  Overall, I give it three out of five:  Very nice place and less expensive; but with lesser portions and sweet tasting Hibachi.
4	Quick friendly service, good fresh food. I had sushi, hubby had chicken teriyaki, and we split spring rolls; everything was excellent. Reasonable prices, too - our total was &18. An Uptown restaurant WITH free parking. We'll be back for more!
4	The server was so nice and helpful. She really made the restaurant. She kept watch over us while we waited for a table. She was so sweet. She made sure they hurried our food since she knew we were going to the game. (Yes, I'm sure everyone in the restaurant was going to the game but she was trying her hardest to make it happen.)The sushi was good. I recommend the Crunchy roll. Tonight was the GT & Florida game & every restaurant was packed. We got seated & our food very quickly. The prices were normal. $10-$15 for a roll.
