2	Just opened today in downtown summerlin. Went for lunch w a colleague. Food was as expected from a CPK and the set up of the restaurant was really nice. This is the 3rd restaurant in the new shopping area that I've been to on opening day and the staff is always a little over zealous and nervous on the first day but jeez, the staff here today was annoying as hell. First, there were probably as many people in staff as there were eating. Our server interrupted us frequently, and was heavily pushing from the start a dessert we had no interest in for lunch. My food was almost taken out of my hand while I was still eating. I was asked probably 10 times in 10 minutes if I was done or wanted a to go box from about 6 different staffers. Also was additionally asked the same over and over for drink refills after we said no. I'm excited about the new restaurant but just let people eat and enjoy the food and atmosphere! We were patient and understanding for a while but it got to be too much so we left and walked around for a bit. I'll come back but I hope the servers will be more acclimated and less pressured to sell and serve. It's obviously coming from the management but there's a fine line between being helpful and ruining the experience.I'd suggest going here to check it out but maybe after they've been in business a month or so.
3	Opening night, had no idea until we sat down. With that said I always stay away from these types of things because things are never in order. Overall it wasn't bad but you could definitely feel the tension & nervousness in the air from the entire staff. We had about 5 different employees check in on us :)Things were a little off all night, not so much with the service but with the food. The soups weren't warm enough, bread wasn't delivered, very little sauce on the Thai pizza so we had to ask for more on the side. Little things like that but it's expected on opening night. I recommend restaurants start offering a little discount or even a complimentary little something like starter or mini dessert for grand openings. If I'm paying full price I expect them to be prepared. The restaurant itself is beautiful, very cool loft like feel & the seating was very comfortable, great job on the decor!
5	Food was goodService was amazing Way better than the Crave opening we went to next door a few weeks ago. We ended up walking out of Crave. Our server was fabulous and everyone was friendly
3	Good service for just opening. I wouldn't even have guessed they were new if I wasn't from Vegas. Two things: 1. They did not have sandwiches on the menu I got, I thought that was odd because I always have the one of the chicken sandwiches, & I saw some trays with sandwiches at the end of my meal. Hopefully my sandwich is back next time. 2: The wait to be seated was rather long to be honest. They have an option where they'll send you a text when you're next on the wait list, so you can go shop around if the wait is lengthy. Cool, but they told me it was going to be 15 minutes, but I hung out for about 30 instead. Accurate wait times ARE important! I would've gone to shop a little if I knew I had double the time. Food was good, hot, and the wait wasn't too long on that. The service was also very good - but it's pretty loud because the place is huge.
3	I ordered online a wild mushroom pizza to be up picked up at 4:15.  I got there a little before the time and the pizza was waiting in a warming oven.Some staff members I came into contact with while there were very polite and helpful.  I was greeted at the door and then one of the staff escorted me to the take out area near the rear of the restaurant.  I was checked out promptly.  This CPK is 3/4 of a mile from where I live so I was home in no time at all.  The pizza was good.  It's the first time I've had CPK pizza.  I wasn't blown away and I'm not sure if this will be an option I go to often.  There are some good places nearby that do a better pizza for the same price.  The part of dinner that did grab me was the salted caramel pudding.  This was very good and I'd go back simply for that dessert.
5	Our waitress, Ellen, is nice as can be! What a lovely person to be able to interact with while enjoying a great meal! :) We were also frequently helped by another really nice woman named Maylani. There wasn't a moment in time when our glasses weren't full. :) The food was absolutely amazing! We couldn't believe how quickly the food came out despite how incredibly busy they were. I got the Chicken Tequila Fettuccine, and I fell in love with the immense amount of flavor that was packed into such a perfectly sized pasta dish! I can't wait to come back and dine again!
4	Thank you to all of you at CPK/Downtown Summerlin for being so gracious to us during your VIP event.  We had a great time.  Kudos to Jillian, our server on Tuesday, Nov. 18.  She was awesome!
5	This was my first time at a CPK and I really enjoyed it. It was a busy Sunday and even though it was busy the waiter was super nice. The best part was that she was Hispanic that way my mom could ask questions and I didn't have to translate  my mom loved her too. She recommends the margarita pizza because I am a vegetarian she said that a great pizza to have. Also got great appetizers and the end the bill wasn't bad
2	CPK is my favorite place for the past 25 years!The menu is missing a lot of items!  As for the wait..... There were clean tables available and they still made us wait....not very happy with our experience here... We eat twice a week at CPK but will not come back to this one! I gave them 2 stars for the decor!
4	I love CPK. Pizzas are banging and the pasta are screamin! I went with the fambam on Christmas Eve. It was about 8 of us and the service was pretty good. Didn't have to wait long to place an order not for our food to arrive. Everyone was satisfied with their food selection and the server made sure our glasses remained full. I really loved the decor of the place. It was not like your typical CPK. I'm really happy there is a CPK closer in town now. I no longer have to go to the strip or Town Square!
4	Haven't eaten at a CPK in years, until now. New location, in my neck of the woods, so why not?Good food (club pizza rocks), nice bartenders and staff. We were here on a Sat night and it was crowded but we went to the bar and ate there, bypassing the not so bad 20 minute wait.Get some tasty bread to start with the OO/Balsamic dipping sauce, nice way to start the meal. A couple of dinner salads then the pizza. Took a few slices home and bam, another nice meal to Yelp about. Cheers.
5	Been a CPK fan for years, so thought I would check out the new location at DTS.  We had a party of 8 and were welcomed at the door with a very friendly hostess with an iPad.  She quickly signed us in and escorted us to the comfy lounge... Was told 15 min wait and they seated us in 5 min.  Our server was attentive and got the drinks out quick and refilled often.  Our order was spot on and all food was excellent.  Kids meals were well portioned... Leftovers were boxed and check was brought promptly.  Excellent experience.  Enjoyed the the fresh warm atmosphere of the new restaurant as well.  If you are a CPK fan this new addition does not disappoint.
2	I enjoyed their food on several occasions in the recent past, but the music is played way too loud.  I know it's the trendy thing to do currently, but it adversely affected my party's dining experience.  I asked for the music to be turned down, but restaurant staff didn't seem to care.  Would not return due to the ambient noise level.
1	I don't know what happened to this location of CPK!  We have loved other locations but I think this location did not get full training on what constitutes a meal!  I ordered BBQ chicken salad and got - literally - 2 tiny nuggets of chicken, about 1 inch each - on a pile of lettuce for over $10.  My husband ordered his all-time CPK favorite - BBQ chicken pizza - and said the same thing - hardly any chicken!  For a $30 meal, we ended up with cheap carbs and lettuce.  I'm appalled that the CPK franchise would allow this!
1	I have only gone to the CPK in Town Square a couple times and it usually is good. I was excited when one opened up near me. My boyfriend and I went here for New Year's Day lunch - it wasn't that busy as I thought it would, thank jeebus. When we first arrived, we asked how long the wait would be but we ended up sitting at the bar anyways. The bartender was very friendly and I got my beer right away. My boyfriend got some type of soup and it was farely good. They had actually forgotten that they had already brought us one and had brought another one out. When I looked at it, there was a really long piece of hair in it and let the waitress know - her reaction? "Eww"...I was like uh ok, no apology, she just took it away. Starting from this point, I was very weary and probably spent more time looking through every morsel of food I picked up with my fork than actually enjoying my food. I had gotten the garlic chicken pasta and my boyfriend had gotten some type of garlic pizza - we love garlic, obviously haha but before every bite, we made sure there wasn't any hair on it. It was actualy quite tiring. We had a lot of food left over and ended up taking it home...to throw away. All in all, I wouldn't return here because that piece of hair made me think that the cooks are not properly putting on hair nets or whatever if at all!!!
5	There's a lot of good choices to choose from at DT summerlin. We went with CPK and was not disappointed. Our food was absolutely delicious and our server Jojo was the icing on the cake! He was attentive and caring and everything you would ask for in a server he was that and more. We had the California club pizza and the avocado egg rolls both I will be returning for!
