4	When I get the urge for fried chicken wings, Floyd's usually fills the void. My usual is between the chicken, or the croaker with mac and cheese and collards of course. This is one of 2 locations that remain open. They've had at least 4 locations that I've visited over the years and I can honestly say I've never had a bad meal at any of them. Floyd's seem to remain pretty consistent in the Charlotte soul food arena.
5	This place is a hole in the wall in all the best ways.  The food is amazing and the people who work here are friendly and hilarious.  Get the mac and cheese.
5	This  what you call a whole in the wall and with Excellent Authentic Soul Food, couldn't find this kind of food in Los Angles Anymore,As these great establishments can only be found down south. The Mac and cheese and the collard greens were seasoned and cooked to perfection and as my main dish I had some chitlins something you WILL never find in Cali cause everyone is a health nut! "Thanks Floyds" for  the reminder of what real soul food is!!
4	Good home cooking! The best pork chop sandwich !
4	Looking for something to eat after visiting UPS in this area, we settled on Floyd's.  I had heard of the restaurant but had never visited and was unaware of its location.  After all, American soul food is a good bet to fill an empty stomach.  The restaurant was clean (an employee began to clean up more as I waited).  There was a steady flow of customers as well.  I settled on baked white meat chicken, a couple wing dinners, and a kids' shrimp dinner.  I was immediately informed they were out of shrimp.  Then, after about a 15 minute wait, I was informed they were out of the baked white meat chicken.  Since they were out of my other staple, shrimp, I had to settle for chicken wings as well.  30 minutes later, the food was ready and I was on my way.  The chicken wings were small but tasty.  I also had cabbage (2/5), greens (4/5), sweet potatoes (5/5).  Although I am partial to sweet potatoes, they were indeed scrumptious.  The meal is served with two sides and a slice of cornbread (daughter LOVED it).  Overall, the food was good although service was slow (to cook the chicken).  I think I would have been out in 15-20 minutes if the order taker didn't forget they were out of baked white meat chicken.
4	Went here after a customer raved about how good the fried chicken was, so that's what I got. It was GOOD, some of the best I have had in Charlotte(better then the Coop).  Mac and cheese was great also and blacked eyed peas was so so. I have been raving about this place to others, cant wait to make my way back up there and try it again.
2	I will say the food is great but they have the worst customer service very unprofessional slow service and the place needs updating
5	This is the best place to eat in Charlotte if you are looking for a genuine home cooked meal. The fried chicken is plump and juicy. The Mac n cheese is just right. Make sure you try the mustard potato salad. My husband and I have only been here 3 months, but this is hands down the best place we've ate! The service is good and the restaurant is very clean. We will be back soon!!!! We are there on Nov 8.
5	I love me some soul food! It is this chicas ultimate go to for my southetn fried chicken baked macaroni and cherse green beans with ham and potatoes, fried wings and cornbread. It is um um good. I work close by so i always beat lunch rush. Prices are fare for the food.
