1	Won't visit again.Sat at the bar as with most places.Taphoiuse and bartender doesn't know how to pour Guiness from draft.Very small liquor selection...no Seagrams 7 huh?!Bar menu...meaning limited selection of food.Fish tacos got 3 but no side like fries elsewhere.Fish and chips TONS of fries.Both meals were interesting...flavor was lacking. Tasted like eating moldy bread ugh.Customer beside was beyond buzzed and other bartender gave another wine.
3	Came to check out the changes now that it's Patriots. Very busy for a Friday night, could have used music for atmosphere. Found 2 seats at the bar, typical bar food but menu is small in choices. Ordered the buffalo grilled chicken sandwich, with fries and a side salad. We asked for the salads to come out first 3 times and everything can out together. Very disappointing, food was average. Employees were pleasant, bartenders were attentive bartender offered a free drink for the sale mistake which was appreciated.
4	Great atmosphere and friendly wait staff.  The honey bbq wings (they call them "flying pig") were awesome and the cheesesteak sandwich was great.  The beef was very thickly sliced giving it a great chewy mouthfeel like eating a ribeye.  Very well seasoned and just the right amount of onion and peppers.  Nicely done.  I can't wait to try the burgers as my waitress said they are her favorites.Ok, so I also tried the fried pickles today and kinda rubbery, not my favorite but I must admit I have been spoiled for life by the Penguin ( now Pinky's)
1	Mediocre food.  Took almost an hour to get 3 burgers and a Philly Cheese Steak.  The Philly Cheese Steak was supposed to come with steak sauce - but they were out if Steak Sauce.  Waitress said they had been out for a week. Here's a tip - Harris Teeter is 1 mike away.  I believe they sell steak sauce.  Another disappointing restaurant in a potential great location.  We had the OMB Copper.  The beer should was not very cold.
4	Like others, we live in Tega Cay and are greatly appreciative that a new "watering hole"/restaurant has opened up in what really is a great location and facility. It's obvious that a lot of time and money was put into updating the interior from Ziggy's to Patriot. They took out a partition wall that separated the restaurant from the bar, elevated the booths around the inside walls, added the "barrel booth", etc. We have only visited Patriot once since it opened, and I have rated it four stars based on the potential that is there. Given that it's a new establishment, to grade it with the same criteria I would as a well-established restaurant/bar would be unfair in my opinion. It seems to me that they have the right structure and business model in place, just need to work out a few kinks which are commonly found with new restaurants.Pros:-Menu resembles that of a "gastropub" in many ways, with both unique offerings (pork belly sliders, salt-and-pepper calamari) and standards (burgers, wings).-Beer selection: 30 on tap, including many craft and local selections.-Atmosphere fosters both those looking for a "restaurant", and those looking for a place to drink beer and watch football.Cons (from our visit):-Server was initially inattentive, but came around more frequently and with a better attitude when he could tell I was frustrated.-"Patriot nachos" offered a good recipe, but lacked sufficient amount of toppings and came out room temperature.I have given Patriot the benefit of the doubt on the "cons", being as it was a Sunday afternoon and they had only been open for two weeks. Patriot shows a lot of potential, and I have faith that they will work out some of the new restaurant kinks. I'm looking forward to warmer weather, as the outdoor bar and huge patio are great for enjoying good weather and cold drinks!
4	I had low expectations and was pleasantly surprised. I hadn't read any reviews and had never been there when it was another restaurant so I based my impression on the location and exterior only. the place is bigger than I thought it would be. The interior is unimpressive. I went on a Friday night at 6:30. There was no wait. The staff was friendly and provided excellent service and the food was surprisingly good! I am a recent TC resident and I will definitely go back. The only negative I want to call out is the noise level. It was perfectly fine when you come with your family and kids but if a quiet evening is important I would keep it moving.
