3	Nice little hotel apartment in the hearth of the city. Really quiet and close to everything. Has a tiny gym and a small swimming pool. Recommended its not luxury but good place to rest.Kitchen is a bit small thought and the building is old.
1	Very well located. Good, no great, elevators (they were improved recently). Employees at the entrance (at the left of the sliding doors on Ste-Famille) are very friendly and helpful. Some, but not all, of administrative employees and workers are super nice, friendly and helpful. Small swimming pool. Modern laundry room (though a bit expensive). Internal gym. Classy lounge (though sometimes inaccessible without any notice). Terrace on the top floor (though sometimes closed when supposed to be opened, for no apparent reason). Good safety with cameras in elevators, parking and ground levels. Nice view from some apartments. Good internet (since december 2014, before it was atrocious). The apartments are very basic, and small, but in general OK and in good condition (no mould, freshly painted, clean when delivered. Carpets in the corridors on each floor, elevators and the ground floor are cleaned regularly and very well. Apartments are reasonably soundproof, because the structure and walls are made of concrete.Cons: Whenever some renovations have to be done for a series of apartments, management will put a notice in the elevators saying that full access is required at any time during office hours, sometimes for a month. Sometimes they announce that they need to do a routine "checkup" of some sort, but end up modifying the apartments' equipment, and spending one hour in each, without telling it anyone. Some workers are absolutely incompetent and rude, will waste your time and refuse to do required work, while having an almost insulting or even harassing behaviour. Some administration employees are absolutely disrespectful, most likely former criminals who chose to work in the housing sector for the sake of their social reinsertion. Internet used to be (but no longer is, but for how long?) absolutely terrible, falling below 1kBit/s at times. Some employees promise things verbally and will never deliver. Some parts of the service guaranteed by your rent agreement, does not get delivered at times, and you have to wait weeks to see things come back to normal. Some apartments are noisy and require renovation. The smaller ones mostly.All in all:Trylon is in average no better or no worse than the average Montreal accommodation. It tends to be cleaner than the average places, is well located and with a few extras (pool, accessible/inaccessible lounge, etc.). Some employees are really sweet and professional, and actively and generously working to make Trylon a really nice place. Some other employees do their job (when they want to) while being disrespectful. I am giving less than 3 stars because 1 star corresponds to my personal experience, and my place had issues which took ages to get solved, but your mileage may vary.
