4	Wow, such high highs and low lows on this place.  Been living here 6 months and I'm so up and down on the place.  Overall great value, but lots to be mindful of...  LOCATION:  On one hand you are super close to the strip and the highways, you are walking distance to Fremont Street bars & casinos, and you are central to all of Las Vegas.  On the other hand, there are not quality grocery stores nearby & there are VERY few decent restaurants nearby.    SAFETY:  Again, up and down.  The neighborhood is pretty dismal with bums, run down motels, and empty lots all around you. Venturing one block on foot in any direction other than west, is really not advisable after sundown.  However, there is a pretty strong security & police presence most places.  Parking is guarded by security and gates.  Elevators require keys.  The building is safe, but the neighborhood is questionable.  VALUE:  You simply cannot find a luxury high-rise apartment with location and amenities like this for the price.  QUALITY:  The floors are hardwood and beautiful.  The windows span the walls with breath-taking views of the Strip and Downtown.  The appliances, counter tops, and cabinets are all modern, sleek, and top quality.  Ceilings are all very high.  Balconies are typically small.  You will be proud to bring guests into your home, and they will be impressed.  SIZE:  There are several unit models.  Mine is a larger 3 bedroom.  The master BR is incredible, with plenty of room everywhere including closets and bathroom.  The dining and living areas are freaking humongous.  It is the highlight of the unit.  The second bedroom is small and cramped.  The third bedroom is so tiny I feel like I sleep in a walk-in closet.  It will only fit a maximum queen bed, one night stand, and one tall dresser, not a long one.  PARKING:   A bit of an issue.  There is just one guest level, and its usually filled with tourists who want free parking for Fremont.  You are assigned one or two spots, but mine are on the 7th floor, which means I drive in circles for 5 or so minutes just to exit the building before my drive to work even begins.  Annoying.  But it is safe, with guards walking around constantly, and an arm operated by clicker preventing undesirables, which sometimes does get broken off.  AMENITIES:  The rooftop pool on the 25th floor is awesome.  Its open 24 hrs and has an incredible view of the strip.  There is a hot tub, nice bathrooms, lounge chairs, and did I mention its open 24/7?  The gym is pretty darn nice.  Its got everything most people need to work out every body part, its not huge, but better than most apartment gyms.  An incredible view once again.  Almost good enough for me to not have a gym membership, but recently it went from 24 hrs to having 8am-9pm hrs, which I don't like.  A small doggie park area.  OTHER:  Where are the closets?  There are ZERO closets for jackets, vacuums, etc.  Where are the bathroom drawers?  There are ZERO drawers for toiletries, just a large cabinet under the sink in which everything must fit.  Where are the linen closets?  I have no place to store towels except under the sink with all the rest of my toiletries.  The place is pet friendly, and concierges are very helpful.  They offer a reasonable dry cleaning service as well.  In the end, lots of good things to say, and you can't beat this for the money, but definitely some quirky things that you will never get used to.Solid 4 out of 5
4	Home Sweet Home.I've been here since the end of August, so almost 6 months now just like my roommate John M.As far as high rises go this place is an amazing deal for the size of our unit, and its one of the few, if not the only high rise buildings I know of that has a 3 bedroom unit of its size.Not everyone is a fan of the area around The Ogden, but the area is the whole reason I wanted to move into the building in the first place.(Well, that & because I can walk to work.) But even before I moved down here I spent a lot of my time down on Fremont East. The main problem with the area is you have to leave the area to get anything. Groceries for instance, or anything other than pizza, fast food, or thai.The units are all nice, but the 3 bedrooms are far and away much nicer than the 1 and 2 bedroom units. They all have hardwood floors, dark granite countertops, and stainless steal appliances.The concierge desk is a great feature and any time I need anything I just ring down & talk to one of the guys. If they don't have an answer for you they will damn sure find it and call you back once they do.The rooftop pool is great, but i rarely use it because with the wind its just too cold in the summer because they cool it off too much, and in the winter I just don't want to use it. The hot tub is amazing though. The view can't be beat though.As others have mentioned the parking is a pain in the ass, but i don't know of anywhere parking isn't. The only thing that is kind of unreasonable is how many empty spots are all throughout this 8 story deck and if you want an extra spot it's $100 per month. Just plan on having your guests park at the El Cortez and walk over.There are a couple of issues with the building itself. A lot of things were overlooked when they built this place. But what isn't right I have to say they usually do their best to fix. This is the ONLY place I have ever lived, where if a light bulb burns out they will bring you a new one, and usually the same day.We also have a lot of building events like the Christmas party (catered by Triple George Grill.) and the Terrace party (catered by Le Thai with open bar and DJ by Insert Coin(s).Overall I would say this place is a great property but you can tell there were just a lot of corners cut when they originally built the building. & like my roommate said...Where's the hall closet and kitchen drawers?
5	Was only staying with a few friends at this one and it was a really nice place! Very modern and up to date, I liked that there were a ton of floors and definitely well kept in the common areas 8)
1	UPDATE 9/8/14 - Just reading through recent comments that clearly mirror my experience. Then I saw the review by "John C" on 5/23/14 on here stating that they "stayed there on bank holiday" and would "stay there again". Therein lies one of the ongoing problems that sadly hasn't changed since we moved out. It is NOT a hotel and should not have transient people staying there on holiday. Sad, yet not surprised to see the state of affairs at Ogden seems to be getting worse, not better.While I appreciate everything that Tony Hsieh and Zappos are doing for downtown, I do not enjoy sharing this building with them! Tony lives in the building and another 50 or so Zappos employees live here as well. In addition, Zappos uses a lot of the units for offices and "crash pads", where visitors to Zappos and the Downtown Project spend a couple of nights then move on. On my floor alone, there are about 8 residents, the rest of the units are rented out by Zappos. Parking is a joke as there is only 1 space per unit, even for a 2 bedroom unit (where does the other occupant park, you might ask? Wherever you can find an open space downtown). The guest spaces in the garage are taken by tourists and people going out downtown looking for free parking and the many daily Zappos visitors. The music is unbearably loud, even at 4:00am and often rattles the windows. Homeless people use the dog run area as their personal outhouse (gross). If you enjoy living with rude, high 20 year-olds whose rent is being paid by their boss and therefore have no consideration or appreciation for where they live or those around them, then this is the place for you. If you prefer some sense of decency, organization and civility, look elsewhere!
5	This review is on concierge staff at The Ogden...absolutely incredible.  I'm there weekly for meetings and they are so helpful, personable and extremely friendly.  The staff is always smiling and energetic and that really puts you in a good mood upon arrival to the building, no matter what brings you by.  Keep up the good work!
5	In one word, awesomeness! The view from the patio and pool area is just amazing. Very comfy living. If i moved to Vegas this would definitlly be the place. Plus being on top of Downtown Vegas, Wow, just wow and only a walk away ...
5	Roof top pool is gorgeous!
5	This place is gorgeous! I went for the Downtown Podcast (Twitter @DowntownPodcast ) and it was really amazing.  Great views of downtown and convenient to Fremont Street.  If I didn't have kids, I would really want to live there (and I don't much like apartments).
5	Just wrapping up two days of non-stop meetings here in Vegas. Friends recommended the Ogden. Since most of the meetings were in the Fremont Street area it was perfect. Our suite was well appointed, everything just worked perfectly and the staff was amazingly helpful. I got on the elevator at one point and said "It smells like a penguin in here." Turns out two penguins were staying one floor below us and were in town for a First Friday event. So I guess the Ogden is pet friendly.It doesn't get much better than this.
5	I finally like living in Vegas.  If you want to be where the people are, want to see, see them dancing, downtown is the place to be.  Ogden is fantastic and staff are awesome. Ive been here a week.  The leasing people have been amazing. Staff is always helpful.  I'll get to the HOA manager in a minute. The tower is impressive and has many secrets.  I feel like you need a small class to figure it all out...too cool.  My sister and I have a rule to never eat at the same place twice.  Too many options to count here.  Everyone here is young and social.  I always end up in a friendly conversation in the elevators and get invited to get togethors.  Anytime your bored, head up to the roof where theres a patio with furniture or a pool and jacuzzi.  Bring a pitcher of margheritas and some extra cups cause you'll need them.  All of the staff also lives here. NICE TOUCH. You are right in the center of the city with a highway exit right at the front door.  Dog friendly also. The interiors are great. A lot of people have complained about the interiors but I find them cozy and filled with lots of personality.  Things are smaller in apartments and you have to solve some problems.  That's part of the fun (pinterest). If you don't like that then live in Summerlin with old people and a 3 car garage :) And drive downtown whenever you are bored and hit me up (which will be often) Obviously Ive been here a week and Im impressed and mad at myself that I spent 10 years in north las vegas.  Ok now to the HOA manager.  She is the first surprise you will encounter here. Not as bubbly and friendly all smiles as the rest of the staff but let me explain.  This threw me off at first.  (I call her Napoleon).  However after having dealt with her several times now I realized she runs a tight ship and is the reason things run smoothly here.  Ive always been accomadated in a proffesional manner with a stickler for the rules twist.  Thats the best I can i explain it.  Also, that type of management is necessary.  All part of the greatness of being here.  Ok time to get back to enjoying my view from the balcony (15th floor) and listening to Pandora!
5	ten toes down this place is the definition of cool in vegas
5	Excellent Service! Love the concierge service over are friendly professional an go over and above. Security is on point and HOA is hmmm...lets just say HOA. Lets keep the positives going. The location is close to entertainment, a large variety of food, night life, plenty of gambling and tourist/local attractions.
3	Great location IF you love the night life and eventful happenings of Downtown living. Say goodbye to quiet nights and hello to ear plugs! The staff is simply amazing- Darcy is unbelievably helpful and the concierge is always flawless. HOA is crazy strict- but I suppose they have to be with some of these party-happy residents.That being said, I wish there wasn't always so much movement with the Zappos temporary apartments- I like to know my neighbors, not guess who is living in the unit next door every month.I think that its important to note that many of the previous reviews seem to be written by transient visitors who are trying out the place and not living in the building full time.
1	The Ogden is a great place to live if: a) You work for Zappos or b) You work for or are otherwise affiliated with Downtown Project. I fit neither of those categories so I didn't have a great time living there.During our time here I had other residents ask me if I worked for Zappos or Downtown Project or if I knew Tony Hsieh or whatever. When I told them I didn't, the response was invariably the same: "Then why do you live here?" After a while, I began to wonder, too.The building is very nice and clean. The units are spacious and well-appointed, and there are amenities like a nice pool and gym. Most of the concierges are pleasant and helpful. This is where the second star would come from if I was feeling generous, but I'm not. There is also a pet relief area outside but as is typical among apartment dwellers, many residents did not clean up after their dogs.The HOA is obnoxious. We would get emails constantly announcing that this or that was no longer allowed- like how pets were only allowed in the freight elevator? What?The typical resident is young and parties a lot. They all seemed to get along amongst themselves but for those unaffiliated with the scene revolving around Hsieh and Co., it is difficult to meet people and socialize. There is a residents' only mailing list that my husband asked to join... he was told he could not have that information. There is also a constant rotating stream of guests who use the building as a hotel. We had some on our floor for a while who kept leaving garbage outside their door instead of taking it to the trash chute, like a maid was going to come clean it up or something.Finally, the security. The security guards here are universally awful and on a continuous power trip, but one in particular is just terrible: Jason. Say hi for me if you see him. Here's my favorite Jason encounter: My husband parked in the loading zone in the garage for a couple of minutes while he ran upstairs to get something and, you know, LOAD it into the car. Jason told me we could not park there and told me to move the car. I did not have the keys.  I tried to explain this but he escalated the encounter and eventually threatened to have me arrested and removed *from the building I lived in.* (He knew us and knew we were residents.) On another occasion, while parked nearby, security told us to move because we couldn't park there... and then it turned out they wanted us to move so someone affiliated with a Downtown Project-backed business could park there instead. Classy.Anyway, I hated living here. A lot of people like it and it's certainly the nicest place to live in downtown Vegas, but the culture of the building (Zappos dorm) is obnoxious, unless you're into that sort of thing. I probably would have liked living in Las Vegas a lot more if we'd just bought a house.
3	Lived in the building for almost 3 years...Lets just say it has came a long way.  As with anything there are good points and bad points.  Overall I do like the building, however a few things people should know before moving in.1.  There is NO waiting list ! haha yes that is correct they have plenty of units available for rent however they like creating a buzz and an extreme interest in the property so they can keep the rents high.  So what do they do ?  They tell you if you would like to join the waiting list so when something comes up for rent your be the first to know...LoL  the oldest trick in the book.  I confirmed this with a ex employee who worked there. Lots of units for rent if your willing to pay the price $$$$$2.  Yes the zappos crash pads located through-out the building are annoying (groups of people always clogging the elevator, taking up guest parking, standing around blocking doorways) and not to mention seems like they get more preferred treatment from the staff.  Parking where they want, making noise etc etc3.  Parking is a issue but unless you work for Z or rent 50 plus units in the building then you get plenty of parking otherwise plan on 1 parking space for unit.  The HOA offers no help in trying to locate another parking space or solution for your roommate or whoever lives with you that may happen to drive.  My opinion:  There have been talks of selling off the units to private owners...I feel this would be better not only for the building but for the people who live in the condos.  Then the individual owners have a say on what goes on...Not just the HOA and management company....Might take away that prison feeling ha ha.  I hope this helps.
5	So it's confirmed. The building is no longer owned by ST Collection and is going through transition in suddle changes.Yes, Zappo's is here, CEOas a resident along with many, many occupying units. Seems like some people maybe bothered by the youths presents and may even be annoyed...not sure where this all stems from. Residents that are non-Zappos seem to have a lot of complaints about the presence. None of the complaints are major. They seem to be mostly feeling left out or singled out. Gathering from "ALL" local complaints it's that the presence is strong in almost everywhere you go downtown and the changes in the community are great and welcomed. Issues locals rant about: The Zappos events blocking out locals, loudness from units, they are anti-social with locals or non-zappos affiliations, they have strong marijuana smells from particular units and walk into an elevator smelling it up with that smell on consistent daily basis. When you greet them it's hit or miss on weither they will return the greet, it's hit or miss if they'll remember your the next time or 15th time you've greeted them. Their are many complaints I've heard but these seem to be the most heard.So far with the exception of 2 negative encounters of my own. I believe that it's important to see that some people jut aren't as friendly as we would hope. Yes, maybe it maybe this particular set group but I'm sure If you randomly go around vegas and single out some people you'll probly find they same results socially. I also think in order to PUSH HARD with change in downtown some of these things are nessecary. Being entirely focused on such a project seems like it would need complete focus.
5	What a great place to stay, we stayed there bank holiday weekend May 23-27, 2014. Communication with star was A+, Building was tops! People who lived in building tops! The only complaint was the windows in the pool area  were dirty and do not look like the photos and the jacuzzi was not working and the water level was really low, but it was still warm! Otherwise we would gladly stay there again, toddler friendly, family friendly, close to everything, airport accessible via public transport via WAX & CX. Met a lot of people in the elevator and everyone was friendly. Plan to return next year Yelp Bitches!
5	I've lived in The Ogden for 3 years and I love it!  The staff is amazing, the location is great.  : )  I plan to live there for many years to come!
5	Concierge is amazing, amenities are excellent, HOA office is always helpful, leasing is very easy to work with, the security staff is very good at what they do and I never feel in danger. The building is located in the heart of downtown; if you're looking for an awesome location in the epicenter of downtown, than I would suggest living here. This place is why living in Las Vegas is awesome!
