5	Amazing! Thorough, professional and great pricing all in one spot. Best place to get your car detailed.
5	A friend of mine was a drag car / funny car racer who was OCD about his cars. Everything had to be just so.  So when it came time for me to buy my first vehicle, I had to ask him where to take it to get it cleared and detailed. This is the spot.Fast forward 8+ years; I still take my Jeep here annually. Someone asked me the other day if my car was brand new.  Every time you pull your vehicle out after it's been detailed, you get looks.  I know I've saved my black paint job from peeling due to the Arizona sun.  And if you want to hold onto your car for some years and maintain its value, coming to this detailing shop is a must.Each employee at Car Cleaners Detailing gets apprenticed and becomes an expert in their area (buffing, paint, etc.). Yet, even though they may be an expert, your car will always receive a second look and final inspection by the management to be sure everything is just so.  The gentleman who started this family-run business has an eye for quality and service. He's passed that along to the next generation running things. I think he can be proud how things are still tip top.Usually, it takes a whole day (8am - 4pm) for my Jeep Liberty to get serviced, removing over spray, road rash, updating the paint, cleaning or adding more clear, etc. I've had my engine cleaned and they've even patched up my front leather seat to keep it looking nice.The shop is really close to the corner, just South of University off of Gilbert road, on the West side of the street. Before you know it, you'll need to turn right.  Also, the waiting area is small.  It's best to drop your car off and get a ride home, then get a ride back to pick it up.  The office is power chair/wheelchair accessible.
5	It doesn't surprise me that this shop already has a 5 star review. My wife and I have two vehicles that were just in recently to have our interiors detailed and I have to say its the best job we've ever had done from the 5 shops we've been to over the last 10 years. Specifically, my car has tan leather and they were able to make it look like I just took it off the lot for the first time. I honestly didnt believe it when the owner told me he wouldn't make it looker darker as this tends to happen to tan leather but he was right. As well, these guys are use to detailing high end vehicles, even private jets and helicopters. The reason I say this is because they are trusted with some very expensive items because of the quality ofwork they perform. if you are looking for great results for a reasonable price, then these are your guys. Lobby - clean as whistleStaff - uniformed and knowledgeable. Treated my wife with courtesy and respect. Only knock on them is the place is busy so not a lot of places to park. Not a bad problem. Get in get out!!!!!
5	The best....period!!  Car Cleaners always does a fantastic job on my vehicles!  Every service I have had performed on my vehicles has been top notch.  This is the type of local business that is so easy to support, they are awesome!
1	I called in seeing all the great reviews. The guy on the phone was very rude. I called in asked a very simple question "do you have any openings for today, I would like to get my interior detailed". He answered "We are a very high end detailing service and no we do not have any openings bye!". Very rude, did not even give me the opportunity to schedule an appointment for another day, plus I am looking for a high end detailing service. I want my car to look great!!!!! Lost my business.
