4	The new UNLV gym is 100x better then the old gym. It contains two pools, two raquetball courts, multiple basketball courts, a large cardio room and large weight room with both machines and free weights. Personally, I like going here better then my local 24-Hour Fitness. If your not part of the UNLV faculty/staff or a student, you can purchase a membership to enjoy all the benefits of the gym as if you were.
5	I really like working out here- probably the best gym in the area.Also, I think it's the only gym in Vegas that has kettle bells.
5	I am impressed with how clean and well maintained this gym is. After more than two years it still looks new. This gym is usually packed around 5-8 which makes it hard to always get to the machine you want to use. In all fairness, they have a large variety of equipment and facilities that make you forget that you can't always get what you want. The best time to go is around 12-3. I went today and it was quiet. I got in and used all of my machines and was out without queuing. Even if I wasn't using my scarlet and gray, I would pay the 25 dollars to be a regular member of this gym. That is saying something since I have a 24 hour fitness 5 minutes away from my house. I am happy to drive the 15-20 minutes to the university.I am on a huge health kick and look forward to coming here, because it is so well maintained and to ogle at all the attractive people. I read an article about UNLV being one of the more attractive campuses in the US. I now know what they are talking about. I, also, wonder why there weren't this many attractive students when I was enrolled. Oh well, guess I should get into shape, get back school, and mingle.
4	I've had a membership to LVAC, and while I loved LVAC during my time there, LVAC can't beat the benefits with the SRWC. If you're an enrolled student at UNLV, this is one of the best things you can take advantage of while you're here.There are four floors. The first floor has treadmills and stair masters, and toward the back there is a lap pool, jacuzzi, and areas to play indoor floor hockey. Second floor is primarily the weights section with machines and free weights. Third floor features four basketball courts, and rooms for classes. Finally, the fourth floor is a running track. Even at its most busiest hours, there's still enough to do to keep your workout going. The crowd is young here (given that it [is] on campus!), even though non-students can also obtain a membership here as well (I believe the non-student membership is $25). UNLV remodeled the mini food court located right outside the gym, now featuring Einstein's Bagels but still having some elements of what used to be there (such as the protein smoothies and drinks), and there's enough comfortable room in there to sit and have some lunch or a protein shake after a hard workout.
5	As a student at UNLV, this has got to be my favorite building on campus!! WHO: If you are a student at UNLV, your tuition covers the gym membership for the semester, so you are able to gym it whenever you wanna! =D If you aren't a student and you do not have a rebel card, I believe there is a 50 dollar fee to get you a card, and then 30 dollars every month! I don't know, but I think it is well worth te money!WHAT: There are 4 floors to this gym (and it is currently undergoing construction so you may be in for more surprises in the future). Outside of the gym on the first floor, there is an einstein bagels! So if you are in need of a snack before or after your workout, go for it! Once you get your rebel card swiped, and your butt into the gym, there is a huge cardio room (my first stop). There are also rooms for racquetball, cycling, and other sport activities.  There were pingpong tables, indoor hockey, and soccer areas, but are closed off for a little due to construction.The second floor is machine-crazy!! There are machines for every part of your body (that you'd like to work out, haha). There are also cardio machines up there also, just incase you want to go straight to it!On the third floor, there are tennis & basketball courts =D. & on the fourth floor, it isn't really a complete floor, because they made it into a running track.  There are also yogamats on the outskirts of the track just incase you need to stretch a little bit. WHEN: During spring and fall semesters, I believe they open at 6am-12am. Summer semester just started so they close at 9pm now (which sucks! =() That means I just gotta get there sooner.WHERE: The rec center is located right across from the Tropicana parking garage right by T&M.WHY: IF YOU LIKE TO EAT THAT GREAT-TASTING FOOD LIKE I DO, WORK IT ALL OUT IN TIME FOR THE NEXT FOOD EVENT! HAHA*NOTE: There are also men & women lockers! Bring your own locks, and take your locks home everynight or else they crack the lock open!
5	if youre a student, then you already know, for the price you cant beat this gym.. the only draw back is the hours of operation its only open till 9 in the summer, but its open till 12 in other semesters...so if you go to unlv...and im sorry if you do... then forget other gyms... unless you can only work out after midnight...
5	How can you even take a star away from this facility? I've been to a member of a variety of gyms but never have I been so proud to be a member of a gym this beautiful. The previous reviews already summarize the structure but I myself will describe it with a more updated perspective. 1st floor: Amassed with the most top notch cardiovascular equipment from treadmills to stairways. Though I don't do cardio through machinery, I can tell you it looks great. There are also racquetball courts and even hockey courts. I have never seen an indoor hockey court in a gym.2nd floor: Consists of a very clean and organized weight room. Machines that cover virtually every muscle in the body. Oh and its free weights including powerclean ramps!! That's a definite plus. Very spacious so you'll have enough free air space to workout in whatever manner pleases you best. 3rd floor: Basketball courts! Four of them as well. All faced in the same direction with four dividers to separate the games from any interference from neighboring pick-up games. There's also a good amount of stiff competition. 4th floor: I haven't really visited this part of the gymnasium but from what I saw, it seems like it's a track for anyone who wants to take a free run. If you aren't a student, you can still sign up for the gym at a cost of $25. Very very reasonable if not, a bargain and an unarguable value. The only minor issue is that during its school hours from 8 a.m. - 5 p.m., parking rules are enforced so there isn't really a place to park during those hours unless you have a student/staff pass. Outside those hours, feel free to park in the TMC parking lot which is right across the Rec Center. Enjoy.
4	This is easily the best gym I've ever been to. The old UNLV gym was a dank basement like facility, so UNLV built this beautiful gym two years ago.The first floor has dozens of treadmills, elliptical machines, mats, a few dependent stair steppers and two working independent stair steppers. There are also racquetball courts and volleyball courts on the first floor. If you are a student the health center is also there, so if you need to see a doctor for something minor pop in and make an appointment. The locker rooms are also on the first floor,.The second floor has a myriad of weight lifting machines and free weights. There are also a few elliptical and treadmills if you prefer to do cardio on the same floor you are strength training on. Most of the group classrooms are also on this floor, which leads me to another fantastic aspect of this facility, the group exercise classes that are included with your membership. From yoga to "boot camp," they have a class for all levels of fitness. Check out the schedule on the SRWC Facebook or pick up a physical copy at the front desk.The third floor has basketball courts, offices and more group exercise rooms.The four floor has an indoor track. It's got kinda sharp turns, and people like to walk in the wrong direction, but it is still nice.The reason I've deducted one star is that they don't enforce most of the rules. People will goof around on the equipment, leave bags on the weight lifting machines, loudly drop weights that they can't handle and not wipe down seats. Oh and for some reason it takes 30 seconds to five minutes longer to check in if you have Scarlet and Gray (the program that compensates students who paid the fee before the gym was built).
5	I have been going to UNLV for 4 years now and have never had an issue with this gym. I love being in it! Their classes are creative and exciting. The instructors are always hyper and upbeat, which makes you excited to be working out. There are so many varieties of equipment that can be used. I love the basketball courts, volleyball courts, racquetball, and so forth. The pool is amazing as well! You honestly are crazy if you do not love this place. The thing I love the most is that their are TV screens attached to some of the ellipticals or treadmills which makes watching my shows and working out a productive evening.I have yet to go, but I am dying to try them. There are massage chairs on the third floor where you can use them for 30min. I seriously need to try it. They are in the Wellness Center office. I can never get there before they close though. Einstein's Bagel shop, power shakes, or smoothies! They have everything here.
5	Big, clean, bright, and cheap ($25/month for faculty, staff, and community members).  If I had more free time during the day, I'd totally go to the group fitness classes.  I've never had a problem getting a cardio machine, but then again, I've only gone during off-peak times.  Definitely check out the FREE massage chairs in the wellness area (2nd floor).  Aaahhhh.....
5	For as many people that go to this school and considering that community members are allowed to use this gym, it goes beyond my expectations. Never any lines, and its never really THAT busy, which is a total plus.I like that they leave stuff where you can wipe down the machine, but that they also have additional staff members wiping the machines down. This gym is so big that I haven't gone to the 4th floor yet to see the track but I love how this Rec Center is designed so you can see everything. I also love that it has multiple lounge areas to study/relax.Most of the other reviews have covered the costs if you are not a student here and that there is a (bomb) Einstein Bagel here. The only downside to this gym is that it doesn't open until past noon on Sundays :(
5	Hands down the best gym in Las Vegas.  I started going here as a student, then as a staff member, now as an alumni (thanks to Scarlet and Gray credits).  The gym is beautiful, clean, state of the art and (best of all) never crowded. Some of my favorite areas are the cardio room with elliptical trainers and treadmills, the 2nd floor weight training circuit machines and the pool (which also has a really nice sauna).  Everyone from students to faculty avail themselves of the facilities, so you don't feel too out of place if you're older, like me.  Oddly, for being on a college campus, it doesn't seem to have a meat-market kind of feel at all.Parking can be a problem on campus - but I usually pay $1.00 at the fee box for an hour at the parking garage behind the gym.  I've never had a problem finding a space there after 5 pm. Plus you can watch some gorgeous sunsets that silhouette the Strip from the roof.
4	The "SRWC" also called "The Rec" by the students opened in September of 2007 (my first semester at UNLV).  Initially there were rumors that this was one of the best college gyms in the country.  After doing some research, it is up to par with the others but certainly not the best.  I actually saw some gyms with indoor rock climbing, kick boxing equipment and classes, and even rent-able canoeing equipment (UNR) all of which UNLV lacks.  Well I guess it can make do without the canoeing equipment, haha!  However, it's still nice to see UNLV attempting to become more of a student centered campus with a facility such as this.  I actually didn't start coming here regularly till Summer of 2008.  I think what enticed me to go was my "freshmen 15" and everyone in Vegas tries to jump on that gym rat band wagon.  Thankfully I had a friend pay the $10 (cost of a one day visitor pass) to come and teach me a few ab and weight training workouts and I have been doing them here ever since.  I absolutely love this gym, although I haven't been to the other popular gyms around town like LVAC or 24 Hour Fitness, I still think it's one of the better ones.  Primarily because it's not as packed as those places are, but I do suggest avoid the peak hours of 4pm-8pm.  That's the time most students get out of class and squeeze in their workout routine before heading home.  If you do come around this time, you'll end up having to wait around to get onto the machines you need.  I've probably utilized all the services and done everything on each floor except for the 3rd because I'm not much of a badminton or basketball player.  The towel service is nice, but it probably only works in your favor if you have a permanent locker.  You can rent things for free like a basketball, soccer ball, racquetball & racket and probably a bunch of other things too I don't know about.  They also allow anyone in the community to have a membership for $25 a month, which I actually utilized for quite sometime when I wasn't enrolled in any classes at UNLV.  As for parking, the closest non-student parking would be on Wilbur Street in a residential area, across the street from campus. It's probably only a quick 5 minute walk.  There have been little changes here and there, but nothing that have made it a bad experience.
5	I love the Student Recreation and Wellness Center, or as I call it, the gym! The rec center has 4 floors all specialized to what you feel like doing:-The first floor has a bunch of cardio based machines, a pool, and some areas to play soccer and basketball. -The second floor has all the weights and machines for all you body builders out there. -The third floor is dedicated to courts, whether it be basketball or volleyball. -Lastly, the fourth floor is just a big one mile track for all you runners or walkers out there. The first two floors always have plenty of machines or weights for use, so don't feel too worried about not being able to use your favorite machine. I honestly don't think I have seen so many treadmills in my life. There are many different classes that you can take if you want to focus on something in particular, so be sure to check the schedules!If you are a student, just show your rebelcard and it's free for you! if you are visiting, I believe the guest pass is $10, but I'd say it's worth it. I have been to a few gyms and I'd have to say I really do feel that this gym is the best one I've been to, and it's a school gym!
4	Got to say, they keep this place clean and it's always good temp here.  Men's locker room is clean and the showers have curtains.  1st floor: cardio with multiple screen tv's, lap pools, dodge ball, racquet ball, soccer, equipment checkout, and cardio bikes.  (Wellness center and Einstein bagels on this floor as well).2nd floor: Dance/yoga rooms, weights, machine weights, all of your lifting here.3rd floor: basketball, also for volleyball and or special training.4th floor: in door track.
5	This gym is really awesome! A bit spendy at 25$ a month but it is always clean, it always has available equipment and it has lots of Rebel X courses. It also has massage chairs! The hours are pretty good and during the summer it is virtually empty which makes for a quick workout!
5	This probably one of the if not the best gym in town.The gym is itself is massive with 4 floors, which include 4 basketball courts, a pool, cardio room, and weight training center. On top of that they throw in some all purpose courts which are often used for hockey, soccer, and basketball. On top of that they have 2 raquet ball courts, and an indoor running track. My favorite thing about the gym is simply the design. When you walk in, you can't help but notice how nice and professional the place looks. Its clean, smells great, and never really seems packed. Membership is free if you are a student (actually you pay for it in your tuition) and I believe anyone can sign up for about $25.00 a month. They give you free towel service, and there is now a built in Brita Water Filter so you can get fresh cold water whenever you want. Included in the structure is also the Health Centers where students can get free check-ups, a pharmacy, and a Einsteins Bagel/Cafe if you get a little hungry.My quick tip would be to check out the 2nd flood wellness zone. The provide free condoms, razor blades, and massage chairs for those stressful days.
4	I really want to start off by saying, their recreation zones such as the Squash court, Basketball court and Swimming pool are indoor and top-notch quality. Although they are doing renovations and some of them are closed, I would have renovations over a rusty, smelly, broken gym any day. Often you will see UNLV sports' players and professional weightlifters inside the gym as well.Like I said, the basketball courts are indoor, and this is by far my favorite part. Playing in 110 degrees in Sunset Park during the summer time is just not fun anymore. Indoor basketball court with air-conditioner? Count me in!The cardio equipment is great and diverse. Don't know much about cardio equipment to get into deep details, but they have a cycling room and also free classes; yoga, boxing and the usual. There's also an indoor track on the fourth floor. Seems more than enough for me.The weight training room is the best in Las Vegas, hands down. I've been to Gold's, LVAC, and 24-Hour Fitness, and none of theirs tops the UNLV Rec Center. The dumbbells go over 100 pounds, can't remember what exactly but I know it's definitely over 100. They have two deadlift zones, along with deadlift weights. I haven't seen this in any other gym. They have the best squat equipment I have seen in Vegas. Also, there's alot of equipment for everybody. Although, I would not recommend going around 5-8, because it can get VERY crowded.Ok, my biggest complaint about this place is...If you're not a UNLV student, it is SUCH a hassle to sign up. That is the only reason why I am giving it four stars. I graduated last winter, but I wanted to continue working out here. So I signed up to pay $25 a month with no contract, which is very good. Other gyms will eat you alive with their contract deals.Here's the bad part; I lost my rebelcard and they told me I had to get a new one. Unfortunately, you need to go to the rebelcard office inside the Student Union, which is a pretty far walk. To make it worse, they are only open from 9-5. I work from 9-5 and have a one hour lunch break, so it is pretty much impossible for someone like me to com here without cutting lunch short (and who wants to cut their lunch short??).I find time in my schedule to go to the rebelcard center, I get my picture taken and guess what: It's $20 to open a rebelcard. So if you DON'T have a rebelcard, you pretty much have to pay $45 the first time you start working out. How...nice. And you MUST open a rebelcard to work out at the gym.Thank goodness, all your troubles may be worth it. Once you get all this garbage figured out, the gym is great. Clean, sanitary, and great equipment. There's nothing more I can ask for.
5	Really can't find a better deal than the UNLV Rec Center B)+ quality of equipment - tvs on half the cardio equipment and plug in work out tracking and power charging for those with ipods and other apple toys that loose battery life at the end of a long day on wireless+ times and # of class offerings - crack of dawn cycling or after five whatever you feel (dance, boxing, yoga, bootcamp)+ hours of availability - 6AM - 12AM you really can't complain about, unless you like working out in the wee hours+ decent crowd but can always find something to do when its busy - the clientele could be much worse than the occasional group of people that seem to gossip more than anything + the location is so convenient if you have to take the 215 or 15 cross town. Just get off at the airport bypass or Tropicana. Less than 10 min from freeway.And the amenities don't stop at weights, cardio and court games. On the first floor behind the check in desk there's an office where you can rent outdoor equipment for a weekend or weeks at a decent rate. They have just about everything - canoes, snow shoes, head lamps, and bags and trailers to carry it all in.They also have 3 - 4 trips to national parks each semester. You can get a huge discount on these if you sign up at the start of the semester. http://www.unlv.edu/srwc/fitness-rec/equipment-rental
5	This is a great gym. For full time students that attend UNLV, a membership is included in tuition. UNLV also allows members from the community that do not attend the university. It is four floors full of different activities to better your health. The first floor has some treadmills, stairmasters, bikes, and other cardio equipment. It also is home to the lap pool and resistance pool. There are two game courts, which have the capability of switching sports like volleyball, basketball, soccer, hockey, etc,. The men's and women's locker rooms are also located on the first floor. The locker rooms have separate showers and many lockers for day use and for rent. There is also racquet ball courts. The gym offers equipment rentals as well.  The second floor is where most of the strength building equipment is. I like how all the levels are open balcony styled, so you can see the floor below you. This area also have a few cardio equipment. This floor has massage chairs in the Rebel Wellness Center. There is also an area to do floor exercises with medicine balls, light weights, floor mats, etc,. There are also a few classrooms on this floor. The third floor is home to the basketball courts. They also can be used as volleyball courts. There are four full sized courts, with the nets that drop down so separate games can be played. The fourth floor is the indoor track. One lap is 1/8 of a mile. If you run in the morning, like myself, you can see the sunrise from the windows.I have visited many gyms in the Las Vegas area. This is in my top 3 because of the good central location and the high quality for the price. Mornings, between 6 am-10 am, are the least crowded hours. Anytime I go, I always am able to find equipment. I love this gym!!
5	Excellent gym! spacious, tons of equipment to choose from, numerous basketball courts, racquet ball, indoor track, swimming pool, indoor soccer... and the list goes on and on. Very clean and beautiful modern architectural design. Without a doubt a five star gym!
5	this gym has everything. Oly platforms, chains, all types of barbells, foam rollers, squat racks, cardio, basketball courts, pools, racquetball, indoor track, etc, etc. etc. people that work there are cool too.
5	I'm a fan of the UNLV gym.  I can always find a free day locker in the women's locker room, there are always machines available, and they offer a lot of options to maximize your workout (classes, cardio machines, weight lifting equipment, indoor track, swimming pool, etc. etc.). I played racquetball here for the first time the other day and I am definitely a fan now! As a student, I love the accessibility.  I can park anywhere on campus and walk to the gym (I consider it part of my workout) and I can do my own thing without being bothered or work out with some friends.  I love that it's included in my tuition and offers all the same stuff as gyms other people pay for.  Also, the hours during the semester (6a-12a M-F) are great and offer no excuses to fitting in a workout.If you're a UNLV student, definitely take advantage of this opportunity and use the gym!
5	This gym literally has everything one needs to get your workout on. It has 4 floors: cardio, strength/machine training, basketball courts, and the track on the top floor. There is a lot of space floor to floor and a lot of activities going on like fitness classes, a variety of sports, cycling rooms, a hockey/soccer/basketball area. It's amazing what is provided here. The possibilities are nearly endless!
5	I've seen this facility from the outside for awhile now and finally got to come inside for some Sunday afternoon basketball.  The facility is very impressive, better than any gym I've seen so far in town.  They have 4 very well maintained basketball courts, a running track, weights and I'm sure a bunch of other things I just didn't have time to explore today.If the UNLV Rec center was on the way home from work, I would make it my facility hands down!
5	This gym is definately one I'd recommend whether you're a UNLV student or not. I actually never went to the gym for the longest because I was always goin to LVAC or 24 hour fitness but now things are different and I love this gym. The square footage is decent, but it's built well. It's a 4 story building that doesn't ever seem like it. The floors are all different gyms. The 4th floor is the running track and nothing else. The third floor is the basketball courts. Thankfully there's 4 of them so there's usually one free. The peak hours for when there's people there vary wildly during the semester. All I can say is that summer of 2013, I've been getting the best runs Sunday evenings. Second floor is weights and first floor is cardio/ hockey. Everything is well placed so you can get a great workout. I Iove it because the prices are also pretty fair. If you're a student taking at least 3 credits it's free. For everyone else it's 25 a month. Well worth the value if you live by the gym. The parking isn't bad during the summer or during the evenings in the semester. I see no downsides to this gym
4	Ever since I transferred to UNLV from California, I've been coming here as a place to get away from everything and just focus on myself. Of course, being a student, I get in for "free" aka my health fees, but it's totally worth it. The gym opens early and closes at midnight so there is absolutely no excuse not to go.There's never a shortage of equipment for you to use and compared to other gyms, peak hours at UNLV is never too crazy. Although, they have everything you need, I feel that there should at least be one more cable cross machine.Since this is a school's gym, ALL of the dumbbells are racked in their appropriate spots. People tend to wipe down the equipment and the employees are constantly moving around putting weights back to their original spots.The downside is that the row machine has been broken for quite some time now. I don't use it too often and there's alternatives, but whenever I come upstairs, the first thing I notice are the "out of service" signs on them. At the old gyms I go to back home, the situation would be taken care of after a few days.Classes seem awesome. There's some unique ones too such as Hip Hop dancing, Aqua Zumba, Boxing and Judo. I don't really see these too often at other public gyms so it's definitely a plus.You can also rent equipment from both the first and second floors of the gym. The first one will offer balls and I think towels. The second one is focused on the weight area, so they offer you equipment ranging from weight holders, mats, back supporting belts and other various items. They also offer nutrition and fitness assessments as well in this building.As for the layout, the gym is pretty huge. There's 4 floors and here's the list:1st floor: Lockers, swimming pool, jacuzzi, one basketball court and soccer. They use the basketball court from time to time for events and I think for cycling hours. There's racquetball too and cardio equipment.2nd: Weights. There's an area for Olympic style weight lifting too. Pretty awesome so prepare to hear some testosterone screams from time to time.3rd: Basketball. A really good place to play against people and there's usually at least 2 courts running full court games.There's also areas for volleyball and badminton. If you just want to shoot around, use the corner courts since they're usually emptier compared to the two middle ones.4th floor: Track. I think it's a rubber track so your feet will have some kind of cushion every time you step. Pay attention to the sign that tells you which way people should start running the track. Then again, it's kind of common sense.It's a great way to relieve stress or just to keep fit. If you're a full time student, there's no excuse not to go here. For outsiders it's like 25 bucks a month along with a one time fee for the membership card that's like 50. One day guess passes are 10 bucks.I'm probably coming back to California once I leave UNLV, but I'm definitely going to feel spoiled after working out here.
4	The unlv gym is definitely my favorite place to work out. There is plenty of equipment, a lot of classes, and an indoor track and pool. The only way it could improve is by becoming a 24 hour gym, and by adding a sauna. Other than that, I love this gym.
4	I've been coming here for more than three years, the review is more than long overdue. What do I think about this place? I think this is a really awesome building. There are so many things inside that make it really cool. There's a doctor's office, a pharmacy, an Einstein's, and a few other things health related on the various that I'm not sure of exactly. And that is all excluding the gym! The gym itself is really cool as well! There are 4 floors total. The first floor comprises of the cardio room, racquetball courts, and these things called MACs (multipurpose activity courts) where you can play basketball and soccer usually. The second floor has the weights and they have a lot of gym staples. They surprisingly have bumper plates for those who enjoy Olympic lifting. The third floor has 4 full sized basketball courts, which feels a little bit smaller than an NBA court, but this isn't the NBA, so of course it's gonna be smaller. The fourth floor has a nice 1/8 of a mile track, which is the typical 400m track, but it's a small building so what can you expect. They also have a pool you can access from inside the locker room.This is a really nice facility overall. I would recommend it highly because of their towel service They provide, as well as lockers for rent, and their daily lockers. Their showers are also partitioned so you get your privacy unlike local gyms. The one big thing that angers me is the people working complain about you dropping the weights. And it's not the people on the floor, but the office workers. It's not our fault you put the weights on the second floor and that the building is a gym. That's their own fault and it bugs me when they tell us to stop, but the people who do Olympic lifts know what I'm talking about. That is what separates this place from a 5 to me.
5	The Doctors office, all the people here seem to really care and the staff is helpful too.. Way so many things to work out on in the gym, hard to choose, heck use them all! Einsteins Begals, yumm...The building itself is huge, and clean, I like clean!
5	Lvac? 24 hour fitness? Gold's gym? Thats cute. You can't really compare any UNLV's gym to any other gym's, it's just not fair. You get everything you need here. I'll break it down for you.1st floor: Don't feel like bulking up, or looking like a hulk? That's fine they have all the cardiovascular machines you'll ever need. Along with 12 tv's connected to the machine. What what?! Walking around more, they also have a racquetball courts, a lap pool, indoor hockey, and basketball courts.2nd floor: Weight room laid out with every type of lifting you can possibly do. Simple. Bulk up, get big, get buff, become the hulk.3rd floor: Basketball courts! With nets dividing each court so no lose ball will interrupt any other games on the court.4th floor: Track and one lap is an eight of a mile. Overall everything you really need to stay fit. For a student this place is a steal, and they also offer free classes!Pro tip: You can basically borrow anything you don't have at the desk. Racquetball, basketball, and towels.
5	Great place to do whatever you can imagine. They have a track, cardio floor, free weights, indoor swimming, hockey, basketball, and various rooms you can use for whatever you want.
4	Looking for a comprehensive gym with almost every amenity for a great gym? Look no further because you're about to see why this gym is so great.There are 4 floors to this facility. 1st floor: There is a dining area on this floor by a smoothie area and an einstein bagel place.  There are also couches to lounge on if you're waiting for a friend or just wanting to hangout there.  Hydration station in between the boys and girls bathroom.  A pharmacy and the health center if you need to see a Doctor or other health care provider for any medical needs (full time student/by appointment).  Two racquetball courts,  Two indoor soccer/basketball courts.  A 6 or 8 lane olympic sized lap pool with jacuzzi and whirlpool in the back of the gym.  Treadmills and other cardiovascular workout machines are mostly on the first floor as well.  A cycling room for spin class.  Men and womens locker rooms which have separated showers for privacy.2nd floor: Different rooms for various types of class (judo, pilates, cardio kickboxing).  The weight area! The weight area here is great.  There are also kettlebells here and platforms for cleans.  There is an office on this floor where you can get diet tips from a dietician or set up an appointment to use their massage chairs.3rd floor; Basketball courts!  Well separated so that flying balls do not invade other courts4th floor:  The track, one lap is 1/8 of a mile.  There are also exercise bikes up here as well Overall: A comprehensive gym that provides a lot of amenities not seen in one gym.  The frats often over populate the gym but this is normally from 4pm-7pm so avoid coming here at that time.
5	It's awesome and i'm not just saying that because I'm a student here, but because it's the best gym in the state. It also beats the ones I've got back home. You can do so many different activities!There are numerous amounts of equipment to use here! I'm more active with the courts they have. Oh and can I just mention how HUGE it is! 4 floors of hard work and dedication. We have a swimming area, various classes (including yoga, pilates, dance, judo, cycling, etc.), an indoor track, raquet ball rooms, basketball courts, and even an Einstein Bros on the first floor! Students get in for free, guests pay $25 a month. It's a great deal! Trust me, it's an awesome experience that I encourage you to try out! #cutsfordasluts #slimforthehim #ripfordachick
5	Awesome gym! Always very clean and a friendly staff. I started taking yoga classes here during the day and they are phenomenal! The teacher Astrid is a great spirit who reinforces positivity throughout the class. A definite repeat and recommendation!
4	Very nice clean gym, good basketball game runs here.  However its a college so can be unpredictable because of events or groups renting out courts.  Only $25 a month and you don't have to be a student to workout here.
5	I've had memberships at a few different gyms in Las Vegas, but none of them can compare to the UNLV gym. It's always clean and there are so many nice machines and equipment. I'm now getting better and more well-rounded workouts. It may get busy at times, but I have no trouble finding another machine or activity to do while I wait.
4	4 stars only because they dont have a steam and suana room.  Ive been working out here for a long time now. The building is beautiful and the people are cool. I wish the gym was 24/7 though.
4	I could have easily chosen to join another gym that charges only ten dollars a month, but I've read a large number of reviews where people have had issue's when it comes to billing and getting the run around.The facilities are immaculate, spacious,large variety of equipment,and you NEVER feel like you're packed like a can of sardines even if you're here at peak hours. They do have a student wellness center,massage chairs,a seating area on the second floor,and a large running track on the third floor for running/ walking. If you like to swim there is a beautiful indoor pool with a jacuzzi as well.I know you're thinking why are you paying $25 a month when there are cheaper options??1. They don't have take funds out of my account via Electronic fund transfer which translates into= I don't have to worry about surprise charges/ maintenance fees showing up on my bank statement2.It's a 13 minute walk from my home3.Everything is upfront. $25 to start and $20 student union card that you're required to show .4.Towel service5.Plenty of fitness classesFlawsHours can be limited depending on the school scheduleNo steam/ saunaParking sucks
