5	J Alexanders has come to town....and its like Santa coming! JA coming with all its goodies! I'm a JA regular in Michigan and I've been at the  doors every week like a bad Mervyns commercial!!! Open! Open! Open! (kidding). They finally opened today I'm told more busy than expected.  J Alexanders serves American-style food with a contemporary twist. They fit somewhere between casual and fine dining and the atmosphere is enhanced by dark woods, indoor/outdoor bar and interesting textures.  For Houstons fans, JA has a strikingly similar atmosphere and menu. Legend has it that the original owners of Houstons split and started JA. I personally like the JA menu better. From the colossal onion rings on the appetizer menu to their always classic and perfectly juicy prime rib.  You may see some similarities to Houstons, but don't expect the "famous" Houston's spinach dip. JA's is a queso dip (w/ a little spinach).  As I understand it, they try to tweak their menu to regional markets. If that's so, they have to add more flavor to the queso dip. It was terribly lacking in flavor. Folks in this region expect their Southwest style dishes be full of flavor! Kick it up a notch! One friend had the blue cheese topped filet Mignon and another the pork loin...both very good. The wine list is reliable and pleasing. Many well known labels integrated with some interesting less known. If you're a lemonade lover (Arnold Palmer for DA kid) try their fresh squeezed. Ah! I tell you....they bust their butts for this simple childhood favorite. If you're a carrot cake fan...you've gotta have it! My friends and I sat at the bar to watch some Monday night football and our servers Chris and Brittany were friendly and attentive. Tell them I said "hello"! Bon Appetite!
2	Am I really that picky? I don't like "chain" restaurants much to start with....but I thought I would give them a try. Ick! Can I say "Houston's" but a few notches below?? First of all, they brought out their "bread" which were the greasiest croissants I have ever had. I had to eat one of course.....I found the menu terribly B-O-R-I-N-G! All the usual boring menu items...nothing fun or exciting. I had the veggie burger. Since the place seemed like a Houston's I thought I would compare. Houston's definitely out shines theirs. It was just ok. My "dinner friend" had their swordfish. It looked like something served at a hospital cafeteria. It did taste just ok. They also have no clue how to make a dirty martini. Hello? Olive Juice, please!  My glass of Hess Chardonnay was thankful not "corked". The only reason I would come back would be for a glass of wine (or a bottle) since the atmosphere was not bad and it is so close to home.
2	J. Alexander's is not normally a place I would frequent, but we had a couple of birthdays to celebrate at work and it is right across the street. So a group of about 10 of us went.I ordered the steak and fries, the steak rare, and clam chowder. The clam chowder was awesome. My steak came and it was  well done. So, with these prices, I figured I should get what I asked for, so I sent it back. It came back rare alright. The first few bites were cold in the center and then it got to barely warm. Not impressive at all. And honestly, I can cook a better steak than that.Everyone else loved their meal, though.The service their is over the top, more than a bit too much. There are people constantly walking by, even standing and staring at your table at some point. Hang on to your plate, because the moment you pause from your meal, someone is there to snatch it. I think maybe they have cameras over the tables and an observation room, "Iced tea refill, table twelve, repeat, iced tea refill table twelve, over!" Though the wait staff did not appear to have ear-pieces, you still get the impression these are secret service wanna-be's, ready to dive to save your dropped spoon from hitting the floor.The menu had a lot of good, but traditional, items on it, steak, salads, burgers, sandwiches, all high-end, fresh, homemade, etc.Maybe if I had ordered something else my experience might have been totally different. But, even with work picking up the tab, I managed to have a bad free meal.
5	Now this is what I'm talking about.  I've been waiting for JA to open since I used to frequent the one back in IL when I lived there. My girlfriends and I had lunch there today. Not only was the meal delicious but the service was off the hook -- thanks Luke!The ladies and I were all jonesin' for the rotisserie chicken. Loved it. I substituted the mashed potatoes for the vine ripened tomatoes. Yum!  And get this -- I wanted some of their skinny french fries and jokingly (well, sort of) asked Luke to snag a few for me from the kitchen.  After a couple of minutes he showed up with a plate of fries for all of us to share!!  And, not that I wasn't full already, we shared the white chocolate cheesecake with raspberry sauce for dessert. Incredible.Five stars all the way for J. Alexanders. Looking forward to heading back soon.
5	yup, as good as it gets..great spot, great menu(something for everyone, great service.  I don't know what kind of mental problems Kelley P suffers from but I suspect she works at Houston's and realizes she'll be out of a job soon!  If anything this place Blows Houston's away. Sit out on the patio under the huge ass fan(yes that's its name) Have a drink, the staff is young and friendly.  Food is fresh, large portions at a very good price...what's not to like. $1 espresso and $2 cappuccinos I just couldn't make it to try the deserts sorry..
3	Good food, okay service and nice ambience, but DEFINITELY not as good as Houstons!We had to check it out b/c we go to Houstons at least a couple times a month and heard that J Alexanders was just as good.  So we went, and *surprise*, they had the same menu items.  We ordered a few things that we generally order from Houstons & a couple of new menu  items.  Here are my thoughts:Smoked Salmon Appetizer:  This is our "absolute" favorite item at Houstons and this one definitely did not measure up.  The presentation was identical being a slab of salmon & the crisp toasties, but the taste just wasn't there.  It wasn't as moist and the creamy tartar sauce was not included so we had to ask for it.  It was good, but not great.Chicken Caesar Salad:  The dressing was good but didn't have the garlicky punch as Houstons.  It was still tasty and the anchovies on the side were huge, tender, and moist.  Again, good but not great.Cheeseburger:  It was okay, but a little dry.  The onion rings were huge, but a little bready for me so I ended up stripping it off.  Mac & Cheese:  Delicious!  Definitely would go back for it!!To sum it up, this is a great place with good food but I'd definitely go back to Houstons.  I find the food to be much better there!
3	Yay for yelp blind dates! Today I met up with Natalie D and Gabi K for a ladies lunch at j alexander's. Being relatively new to the area (as in...today) I was not aware that it was a chain, and I'll admit, I thought it had something to do with Miss J of America's Next Top Model.  The restaurant has an upscale, clean-line feel, and hip hostesses in black dresses and handsome servers in ties. Service is constant and friendly, they really do have a good balance on how often to check in without annoying guests. Natalie insisted we try her favorite bar snack: a cheese and pimento spread, which was a little spicy and very cheesy and all around yummy. I dined on the Seared Asian Ahi Tuna Salad which I thought was perhaps a touch expensive at $16 for 4 very small slices of ahi tuna, but the salad part was just perfectly seasoned with a wasabi dressing. The comparison to Houston's is fair I think, in terms of selection, pricing and atmosphere.  It was a nice lunch, if not for the food, surely for the dining companions!
3	Sorry Natalie - Although I did enjoy the top secret pimiento cheese spread, and of course the company, I thought that my overall experience was only mediocre for the price... I'd been to J. Alexander's before - I think to one of their Michigan locations.  It didn't make a huge impression then, and it didn't this time either.  I think Houston's food, service, and atmosphere actually blow this place away.  Our server was Justin and he did an ok job.  I went with the cobb salad and ordered a side of their butternut squash for the table to share.  Salad was decent and squash was tasty.  Maybe the way to go is to sit at the bar (or so Natalie says).  I don't see returning anytime soon, but I would if someone twisted my arm.  Although the food was decent, I'd rather spend my time and money elsewhere!  Just meh, mediocre, average, etc...
4	I had a good experience here.  The atmosphere was clean, friendly, inviting, and even a little bit "swank."  My server, Sean, was outstanding, especially considering my diet requests.  (For example, how many customers actually ask for salad greens only and sea salt as opposed to table salt?)  I thought the portions were huge for the price.  In fact, [too] large portions are a pet peeve of mine because I hate that so much food goes to waste.  Overall, I was really pleased.  One tip which might have made for the excellent service: we went early, 5:30 PM.  What can I say?  I was with my elderly parents.
3	Last night I went with the fam to J. Alexander's.  The experience was good for the most part (especially since I had a few glasses of wine in me) The atmosphere is upscale, modern, and inviting with friendly service.  We sat in a booth and were all pleasantly surprised that despite the large size of the restaurant, we didn't feel like we had to shout to hear each other. Other yelpers have said this already, but the restaurant reminded me a little of Houston's, however Houston's definitely has J. Alexander's beat in the food category.  We ordered the calamari for an appetizer.  It was pretty tasty, but just a tad on the spicy side and we couldn't figure out if it was the sauce or the batter. Instead of your typical bread rolls, J. Alexander's serves croissants that are to die for and basically melt in your mouth (probably my second favorite part of the meal with the wine obviously taking first!)Sis ordered a Thai salad, mom had the Veggie Burger, Dad had the New York Strip, and I had the special which was a Swordfish on Israeli Couscous.  When our food arrived we all gasped at the size of the portions, they definitely bordered on absurdly too big!  Everything was supersized, I had a side of broccoli and we are talking two WHOLE stalks/trees on my plate!  Taste of the food was so/so, I tried a little bit of everyones and I though all of the food was a little too rich.  For dessert my mom opted for the Carrot cake, and even though I don't really like carrot cake I actually thought it was pretty good.  It had a warm icing on it that was really tasty.To sum it up, the atmosphere is nice, the prices are moderate, the food is okay, but word of advice......don't be afraid to split an entre!
1	Many of the reviews of J. Alexander's have been quite descriptive so I'm going to keep mine short and to the point:I did not enjoy my experience here in the least.  Everything about this place is simply "typical."
5	I'm surprised to see such mediocre reviews of this place!  I live just up the street, so we go to J. Alexanders at least a couple of times a month.  Everytime we've been here we leave raving about the service, the food and the drinks.  We actually tried Houstons across the street before we tried J's and left Houston's saying never...ever again!   We've taken out of town guests and business clients and they're always impressed!    In a city full of chain restaurant after chain restaurant J Alexanders (I know it's also a chain) stands out in the crowd!
4	I was visiting Scottsdale this past weekend, and after walking around the Borgata Shops, stopped in for dessert and coffee.  I ordered the Creme Brulee and a cappuccino.  The Creme Brulee was the best I've had in years!  A very nice portion and done up just right with the top nice and crisp with a dollop of mascarpone and fresh fruits.  Even the coffee was done perfectly.
2	If you like Houston's, this is like Houston's creepy cousin that isn't quite right.  It's Bizzaro Houstons.  The food is just gross.  I didn't like anything about it.  You do get a TON of food...but none of it is good.  I got the pork tenderloin...it was gross.  I ended up sending the meat back and just ate the mashed potatoes with the sauce...that's all I could stomach.  (The prices are about the same as Houston's, however.)  I couldn't believe how packed this place was...no one at our table liked their food.  A few of my coworkers went there as well and there were no good comments about it.
4	Was in the mood for tacos last night so we visited Blanco's but they had a half-hour wait, so walked next door to J. Alexanders.  I didn't know anything about the place, but I expected over-priced blandness for some reason.It was much better than expected.  First, I had a $5 glass of Zinfandel that was quite good.  And a generous pour.  They had a wide range of menu choices from $10 to upper $20's.  I tried a filet mignon/mushroom/mashed potatoes dish that was very good.  My wife enjoyed her shrimp.Many reviews compare this to Houstons - while I agree that Houstons is better, we left dinner last night with $50 more in our pockets compared to my last trip to Houstons.
3	Sat outside on the "wall of fire" patio.  Nice and cozy & warm.  Happy hour features $5 wines and $8 martinis, {which are regular price}, but come with a 'sidecar' : (essentially and extra glass of the same concouction you ordred :-)The cab i ordered for happy hour was not avl. and they would not supstitute an alternate, which gave me a facial tick.  I would likely go back, at some point, {when i have nothing else on my very long list}, to have the Hangar 1 mandarin orange tini.  Now that was good :-)
5	This was a great place. Good service with Mick at the bar and good food too! The atmosphere and ambiance were fantastic. Even though the concepts are very similar, I would dare to say they are better than Houston's. We had a very nice late lunch and I would definitely go back.
4	I've been here several times that past month because I am literally 2 blocks away. As you walk up, the first thing you see is the  "wall of fire" on the outside patio as Linda R. mentions.  The outside bar is parallel to the inside bar. Huge windows, with a small inside back bar. The build out is super nice and you can tell wasnt cheap. The staff is very friendly (including my favs Mick & Tiffany @ the bar) Overall it is a nice comfy feel. There is often a wait to be seated in the dining area (of course depending on the time you go for dinner), but the bar most of the time is open. The food has never let me down so far. I've had salads, calamari, burgers, and filet's. You gotta check it out and decide for yourself, you wont be dissapointed.
1	Due to a threatening email from either an ex or current employee, this review had to be edited. It still stands that I had an unpleasant experience when I dined here.
4	Hit up J Alexander's for lunch today... El Toritio next door is closed by the way (not sure if temporarily for construction in the plaza, or for good).Their menu is impressive for lunch! They offered items like a new york strip, club sandwich, chicken fried chicken, sea bass and diver scallops.The place was fairly empty at noon, and reminded me of a well lit Houston's (but here they let you wear your cap).  I imagine it is beautiful at night.Overall good service, food, atmosphere, and price. I'll go back.
3	So we've been to the Houston's by the Borgata (aka J. Alexander's) a few times now, and it's pretty good.  Low booths make for an open feeling with dark wood and dim lighting from oversized fixtures, open kitchen.  Fery few tables for more than 4.  Snottsdale greeters that may or may not make you feel welcome.  The broadly priced menu has the usual steaks and fish, inventive salads, sandwiches and a nice wine list.  They do a great job at food execution and presentation.  Service at this Houston's isn't quite as experienced as the others, though.  Most questions are met with the deer in headlights stare while the server tries to remember the answer, but not to worry because they'll get a manager if they can't answer.  Generally, they shy away from chit chat like they're afraid they might make a mistake.  The desserts are great.  I really do like this restaurant, it's just hard not to laugh about the obvious Houston's knock-off.
3	Went for lunch and had a burger. It was good. Place was a bit pricey for a lunch burger but You are paying for the atmosphere as well. I would go back for dinner maybe. I didn't love this place but the crew I was with did.
4	Came here for a business lunch on Friday. We were promptly greeted by the hostess as soon as we stepped in and we opted for outdoor dining since it was such a warm day! Under the huge (ahem BIG ASS fan), our waitress immediately came by and took our drink orders. I scanned the menu and they had many dishes that jumped out at me - burgers, steaks, chicken and salads.... i opted for the salad with fried chicken pieces, pecans, ranch dressing and some other ingredients i cant remember..... My other fellow diners got the fish tacos, a burger and the same salad I had ordered. Our food came out relatively fast - I really thought my salad was delicious! I didn't care for the croutons (could never figure out what bread they used) but ate everything else on my plate! Our waitress, which was also the bartender, was great! We never had any empty glasses on our table. She even called us car service when our meal was finished so we could jet to the airport. Lovely, restaurant !
5	So I decided that this Friday night I was skipping the classic rotation of Drift, Junkie and Philly Cheese steaks for dinner with a good friend. Originally we were heading to Blanco (which I was not stoked about). I got Blanco at 7:45 and there was an hour wait for 2 people. My friend was running late so I launched my handy Iphone Yelp app and looked up the J. Alexander's reviews. Five minutes later my friend showed up and we were walking into J. Alexanders. From the start I did feel the comparison to Bandera and Houston's however I felt like J.A was much more open. The hostess was very friendly and sat us right away. Here is what sealed the 5 star rating, the service. Our server was named Ryan and he was on point. He was quick to the table to ask us for our drink order of which he recommended a medium bodied Pinot Noir. He then took our whole food order. I was a little nervous about that but he timed the food perfectly which allowed for a mainly uninterrupted dinner. The only time he bothered us was to refill our glass (which never bothers me) and clean our table. I had the filet medium with mashed potatoes. The steak was great and cooked to perfection. My friend Kate had the prime rib, rare. Now I think it was cooked well...actually not sure here it came out so bloody I thought it was still mooing but she enjoyed it. We finished the meal with one of the best pieces of carrot cake I have ever had, I don't even like carrot cake. It isn't your typical carrot cake it comes out warm with melted icing which tastes similar to the icing found on a Cinna-Bun Cinnamon Roll. All in all I would highly recommend JA. The service, food and atmosphere were great!
4	I like J. Alexander's.  I'm surprised by the disappointing reviews of this place.  I've been here several times and enjoy it, just like I did tonight.  I feel the wine selection is great, my martini was perfect and took the edge off of a long day at work, and the pork tenderloin was very tender and delicious.  I feel the service is always prompt and friendly.  I like the decor and the patio.  Good value for your $$ too.If you're thinking about giving J. Alexander's a try, I encourage you to.  I think you're going to like it.  :)
2	Went there looking for a good piece of protein. Got a recommendation from the bartender on the Filet. I ordered it Medium and it came out rare. They took it away from me and recooked it. It was okay. Nothing special. I would definitely try out one of the other hundred steakhouses in the area before going back to J. Alexanders.
3	Ate here twice.  Both times it was very good and very pricey.  Just as everybody else has said, the place has a similar atmosphere to Houston's.On one of my visits, I got a filet mignon and didn't think it was as good as the filet from Houstons.  However, the coleslaw at J. Alexander's is one of the best coleslaws I've ever had.On my other visit, I ordered fish tacos for lunch.  It was very good.Overall, this place is very good, but too pricey.  I would go back, but I would explore my other options first.
5	Love Love LOVE this place.  I am slightly disapointed to know it is a chain restaurant (we don't have J. Alexander's in the midwest) but it doesn't matter because the food is amazing!  I have been there twice and have enjoyed everything I have ate from the spinach queso dip (not ordinary spin dip), steak kabobs, the AMAZING Mac & Cheese (one of the best I've ever had and I'm a huge Mac fan), and of course the carrot cake...yummmm.  My boyfriend had the ribs and said they are some of the best he's had.The service is fine, nothing special, nothing bad though.Ambiance is nice and similar to many steakhouse type places.Food is amazing though and I will frequent this place often!
5	Been going here for years, when I was 19 I lived in Miami. Just a mere 20 min drive was a J's location in Plantation. By 21 moved to MI, there was a J's in Novi. What I religiously ordered was the J's Salad with Honey Mustard & the main entree, the amazing Lime Chicken. No Lime Chicken, wtf! So I opted for the Rotisserie Chicken with their amazing smashed potatoes. Chicken was so juicy & the skin was something to write home about. Place is still a 5 star in my book. The ambiance is perfect, nice and dim. J's is worth the 6 hour drive to Phoenix.
4	I was here recently for a birthday dinner and  let me just say that the company, food, and service was fabulous.  The calamari was plentiful and perfectly fried. The huevos rolls were heavenly but my cilantro shrimp were OMG good. Oh and the portions. OMG the portions! Can they be any bigger? Believe me I am not complaining at all. I was in food heaven. Let us not forget the flaky croissants they serve as well. I am still shaking my head because the food was just that good. They even split the bill for us and for those that shared the appetizers it as split into 1/3 on our bill. I have never seen that before and thought it was pretty cool. So why on 4 stars if everything was amazing? Because all of their tables are bolted down and with a party of ten, although our tables were next to each other, it would have been nice to all sit at one big table. However I will definitely be back here again soon!
4	I'm really surprised at how blown away I was by J. Alexanders. It's a chain that's very similar to Houston's, but there's something that feels unique about it. I went with a decent sized group on Christmas Eve (eight people). My girlfriend and I were the first to arrive, and the hostess told us that the table was ready, and we could sit if we wanted to. It seems like it's getting more rear for restaurants to do that, they usually force you to wait at the bar. We still chose to have a drink at the bar, but I still appreciate being given the option. There were some negatives with the table. They didn't have a great way to seat eight people. It wasn't uncomfortable sitting at a table meant for six with a seat at the head and foot of the table, but it was strange that there were two or three empty tables right behind us. The reason they couldn't move the tables was obvious. It's too dark in the restaurant, and we wouldn't have been able to see anything if they moved the table around. Management was really nice and apologized about it, but they probably should brighten the place up a little bit. We all split a spinach queso dip. The dip itself was awesome, but the chips are mediocre. Tasted like they were out of a cheap bag. The cool part was they gave us more chips without asking so we could finish off the dip. I had the ahi tuna, which was fantastic. there's a light sauce under the fish, which I wish there was more of on the plate. My girlfriend had the chicken milanese. It's fried with bread crumbs (something I'm usually not all that into), but still was good. If it wasn't for the fact that I could barely finish my plate, I would've finished her's. I don't recall the rest the table's meals, but there didn't seem to be many complaints. One person thought her beef was a little too salty, but not enough to complain. We finished up with a piece of chocolate cake It's served with a scoop of ice cream. Really rich and really good!
4	Pleasantly surprised! This is rare. We were craving a hearty piece of meat and were in the Scottsdale area. We debated going to Flemmings but weren't in the mood to fork out $$$ on a random Wednesday night. the other option was Houston's but the menu just didn't excite us. We saw on yelp J Alexander had $$ and a menu with promising meat options.We ordered the prime rib and the ribeye steak. WOW, well seasoned and perfectly cooked protein! It was amazing. Both cuts of meat had a beautiful seasoned crust packed with flavor. We will definitely be back to try the other cuts.The only reason for not giving a perfect score rating is because the accompanying sides were just run of the mill ok. I can see how the other menu items could be so so there though we didn't try anything else.
5	One of my favorite lunch spots around Scottsdale.  Conveniently located at The Borgata Shops on Scottsdale Road (just south of Lincoln) and across from the Cottonwood Resort.  Ample parking.  Their old-fashioned cheeseburger with Tillamook cheddar cheese is perhaps my favorite sandwich in the valley.  The house or J Alexander salad is fresh and colorful with tasty crouton bites.  Their honey mustard dressing tastes homemade.  In addtion, either the mashed or shoestring potatoes are tasty, too.  Nice atmosphere and excellent servers.  Yes, it's a small chain mostly in the midwest, but this J. Alexander's has a unique feel and sense of style.
4	Out of town visitor on 2/24/11.  Unsure where to have dinner with a colleague of mine.  Upon entering parking lot on a Thursday night around 7:30pm, discovered the parking lot was PACKED.  Although, valet parking was available I decided to park my own car.  Entrance into J. Alexander's was very nice.  Decor is upper scale.  Seated in a very large booth which could have accomdated 6 people (3 per side).  I ordered the cajun shrimp with cilantro.  WONDERFUL!  Flavorful, well cooked. accompanied by a Louisiana style rice.  LOVED IT!  Also had a glass of cabernet wine, not sure what brand.  My colleague had the steak (med. rare and made to perfection) and fries.  He also had (2) Bacardi & Cokes.  Meal came to around $74.00 which included a 20% tip.  Great server by the way.
4	In the land overloaded with restaurants, sometimes it takes some time to finally make it to one that's been right under your noise the whole time. For me, this is J Alexanders. I probably visit the Borgata area several times a week; whether it's to grocery shop, get a manicure or have a meal. Yet, I never made it to J Alexanders. I always wanted to try it out, just never got the chance -- until tonight that is. It's the midst of spring training season which means every restaurant, including the less than par ones, are packed to the brim with an hour wait. Luckily for us, tonight we got there just before the tourist crowd and got seated right away in a prime table on the patio. Upon first glance at the menu, I saw that it stocked full of cuisine options -- everything from steak to sandwiches to plenty of seafood choices. We started with the Spanish spinach dip and some local brew from Four Peaks. For my entree, I decided to go with the chicken sandwich and couscous on the side. The chicken sandwich tasted exactly like the Biltmore chicken sandwich from Houston's. That's not necessarily a bad thing since I like the sandwich, but it was interesting to taste such a strong resemblance. The couscous was really delicious and they did an excellent job of blending the spices and dressing up what could have been a boring side. All in all, this is a decent recent and a solid choice for a restaurant meal at a decent meal price.
5	I stopped in to this fine establishment for the first time since I have lived in Scottsdale and it was awesome. I have eaten at other J Alexanders before - and was always a fan - but this one rocked. I had the Steak Kebobs - and they are amazing. Perfectly seared and medium - pink yumminess. The cocktails were flowing and I had an awesome time. The people around me were all super social and even though I was dining alone at the bar - I met new friends fast.
4	J. Alexander's was a nice surprise in the Scottsdale area. Not too expensive but classy atmosphere and great food. It was a bit crowded and fairly loud but the staff was wonderful and the food was beautifully prepared. I would definitely take my wife here on a date.
1	first we had the guacamole which completely lacked acid and the tortilla chips they gave us were stale. i ordered a seared ahi tuna sandwich with arugala and an aoli. ok, it was not seared ahi tuna. it was like ground tuna with onions and parsley and what not. this was my first surprise. the bun was cold and the tuna patty was room temp. i am not a picky eater but i took a bite and had to spit it back out. it was so OVERWHELMINGLY salty. there was no other flavor but salt. it came with a side of orzo and wild rice which also, for some reason, was drenched in salt. the orso was over and the rice was under which made for an awful textural experience. i am in the restaurant industry and so this was the first time i have ever sent food back at a restaurant.
5	All I have to say is WOW to the carrot cake. Reminds me of grandmas carrot cake.  But seriously, everything I have ever ordered in this place is delicious. Even down to the mac & cheese.  Yes, I said, mac & cheese.  Don't worry, as one of my co-workers put it.......its adult mac & cheese.  But man was it delicious. The club is amazing & apparently so is the french dip. Can they go wrong w/ any dish? I think not. Definitely one of the all time favorites in my life!!  I should go right now.
4	Met a colleague for lunch here the other day.  Decided to order the Club Sandwich w/Fries, $11.  He warned me that they don't mess around with their portion size....he was right.  This Sandwich was huge!  In addition to that, it comes with a large pile of skinny Fries.  The Club Sandwich was very good.....and the Fries were outstanding.  I could eat a large plate of those Fries.The service was great as well.  Overall, a pleasant "working" lunch experience.Return Factor - 90%
5	There are few things in life that mean more to me than an offer of a cold bottle of water before heading out into 120 degree heat after a delicious meal.  And I got two as I exited J. Alexander's.  Love.But to start at the beginning.  Destination family wedding, post-festivities.  Looking for a non-existent El Torito brought us to J. Alexander's, which had the benefits of 1) being open when we were all ravenous and hot and 2) having misters cooling the oppressively hot Scottsdale air near the front door, rather like a Siren's call to weary travelers.  Parking, btw, is conveniently in front of the restaurant, overflow gets either underground parking lot or the parking lot of your friendly neighborhood Walgreen's (which is where once upon a recession-free time, there was an El Torito)We were offered indoor or outdoor seating (central air trumps misters) and given rather large menus.  Everything we ordered from the fish/steak tacos to the prime rib and Alex's salad (deelish!) was fabulous.  Service was excellent, thanks Lea for putting up with all our requests for water.But really, this review is about the carrot cake.  It's hard to make carrot cake sound exciting and worth the trek out to Scottsdale to all my Los Angelenos, but really, this cake was a revelation and a revolution to how I think of carrot cake.  Imagine a cake so warm and moist that hints at and then EXPLODES with flavor, with icing that enhances that party of taste rather than reminds you of the 10 lbs you'll save yourself if you scrape it off.  DO NOT SCRAPE OFF THIS ICING, it's sacrilege.  Stand outside for 10 minutes, those extra pounds will disappear, guaranteed.  They make this cake (and all their desserts) fresh daily, none of that frozen nonsense, and you CAN taste the difference.I'd go back to Scottsdale for this cake.  A+, 5 stars, TRY this restaraurant, but it's a MUST to have this carrot cake.
1	This was the worst lunch I've had in quite some time and it cost me $16.00. I had never been to J. Alexander's before and was looking forward to it due to the good things I've heard. I ordered the rotisserie chicken, which is a half chicken served with a side. I elected to go with a side of vine ripened tomatoes, which was actually very good. The main issue I had with my lunch was with the chicken. For $16 I expected something much better. My meal came out very dry, it was actually so dry that it was crunchy. The waiter didn't seem to care that I had left almost all of my meal on the plate and just took it away. I can get a much better rotisserie chicken from Whole Foods for $10 and it's a whole chicken that is organic. I can't say that I'll be going back to J. Alexander's when there are so many other good restaurants in the area.
5	Visiting Scottsdale for the first time and were taken here to dinner by cousins.  Found the atmosphere impressive - trendy, yet casual.  I had a fabulous dinner salad with chicken, whose name escapes me (their website doesn't list the menu and is useless, so no help there).  The service was top-notch, though the waiter was really pushing the carrot cake.  I would've loved to try it, but I wasn't paying and our hosts weren't offering.All in all, it was a terrific experience.  If I lived in Scottsdale, I'd be a regular.  Now how about opening one in Vegas?
5	After a day busy with clients; my husband and I headed out to a high end eating establishment at Lincoln and Scottsdale Rd.  They had no room for anyone w/o reservations so We headed south from Lincoln and Scts. Rd. and saw a sign on the south side by the Borgata that  said  " J. Alexanders"  we parked and  found a new favorite eating  place. Thank YOU very very much We found a warm welcome; top notch service and incredible salads, steaks, salmon, Baked potatoes and all sorts of great choices.At Dessert My favorite downfall was the creme brule however my husband a Chicago kinda guy fell for the carrot cake and claimed it was just as good as his Mom's.  Now we can't go there w/o him taking the huge serving of carrot cake home.  By the way Killer cole slaw.Thanks for the bottle of "the best" drinking water on the way out the last time as my car was 130 degrees and that water kept refreshing us on the journey home.  We told my husbands family in Chicago about "J. Alexanders and they now go there with the same TLC we get.  Hey, the bar was also comfortable, drinks great and the service from Mari  was exceptional. Thanks for having a great deal at Happy Hour!!I eat out enough that I want service, soft music and great food at goodprices thanks. Keep up the good work.  I can't complain about anythingThats a rarity for me. Bathrooms were spotless, great place to take my ladies group, thats next.I forgot to add this restaurant is south of where  El Toritos was  Where my husband and I had our first date many years ago.Great job, keep it up
4	I went here one night with my girlfriend and the setting is romantic and relaxing. The service was amazing!  We started off with the artichokes which were good and big!  You get four of them! I ordered steak tacos, which turned out to be the worst thing to get on the menu.  It wasnt that it tasted bad it was the serving size.  You only got 2 and they were mostly filled with lettuce. My girlfriend got the pork tenderloin which was HUGE, and delicious along with their smashed potatoes.  Will definitely go back, but will order something different.
4	We enjoy visiting J. Alexander's and stop in occasionally.  It had been more than 3 months since our last visit and we found their dinner menu had changed.  Among the changes - added pizza and tacos, removed club sandwich, chicken pasta soup is now available on a rotating basis.Even though it wasn't on the menu, our waiter Mike was knowledgeable and accomodating.  He said they were happy to make a club sandwich for my husband.  I usually order Alex salad and chicken pasta soup but since the soup was not on the line-up that night, I opted to try a French dip.  The meat was really good and so tender, unfortunately not so thrilled about the heavy sourdough bread which the meat spilled from or the lukewarm au jus.  I'm picky about my French dips, just won't order this again but there are so many other great things to choose.  I chose spinach in place of fries - a giant portion of spinach fortified me like Popeye.  The club sandwich was perfect as always, fries were ordered extra crispy but did not come out that way.  Mike was happy to deliver another order of fries cooked crispy and we were smiling again.Another reason to smile - Monday nights with your order of 2 entrees, they are currently offering 1 free bottle of select wine for 1 cent (they even give you the penny).  Well that was a very nice treat.  Thank you, we enjoyed our wine with our meal very much.No room for dessert but if you go, you MUST try the carrot cake - warm and dripping with cream cheese icing.  Soooo good.
3	J Alexander's has an upscale feel to it, similar to Houstin's but not as "posh" as the Capital Grille. It's New American cuisine all the way.  Five stars for decor and service. There's a glitzy wine cellar and a full bar.  The food is what you'd expect out of a place like this.  It's good, but it wasn't the best meal I'd ever had.  I felt that my dish wasn't made specifically for my order--they cranked them out so fast that I had the impression that the kitchen was more of an assembly line.  On the plus side, we were starving and having food within two minutes was definitely pleasing.   The grilled chicken salad was tasty, but it was overwhelmed with tortilla strips. The spaghetti squash side could've used more marinara sauce, but it was a pleaser.  Then again, who spaghetti squash is pretty hard to screw up.  There seemed to be a lack of communication between servers. Everyone's job included delivering and whisking dishes away, sometimes before we had fully finished the plate.  At one point, a Thai chicken salad was placed in front of me.  After telling the waitress that I definitely did not order this salad, it was taken away to another table.  Hmmmm....It could've been a more "personalized" experience; I was expecting to be blown away by this place.  Meh, I could come back.
5	Friendly staff, great food and a bar with a wonderful ambiance and outdoor seating.I'm a regular at J Alexander's in Northbrook, so I typically come here more often for drinks than food and to say hello to the occasional Chicago area transplant that sometimes find themselves working here. One item I typically order here as it's often AWOL on Chicago area menus are the Huevos Rolls. They also make a pretty good Prime Rib here. And while the Carrot Cake is second to none, the Key Lime pie is not to be overlooked - best of its kind as well.
4	Really, really like J Alexander's. I was introduced to J's by a good friend that worked there quite a while back, and it became one of my go to dinner spots after that. Like others, I'd probably compare J's to Houston's, but I love that J's features a more diverse menu. You've got way more options, and pretty much all of the options are good. They switch the menu up pretty often, which can be good and bad (RIP Steak and Fries - Best $19 steak I've ever had), but they also bring back some favorites as well (Helloooo, Jack's Crispy Chicken Platter). The classics are all good - They have really good salads, their burgers are great and the entrees I've had were also really good.The ambiance is nice inside and the service has always been good, whether in the dining room or at the bar. I like the look of this place a lot, from the wine area to the bar to the really cool bathrooms. As a general rule, Scottsdale has really nice bathrooms...I'm giving 4 stars because the prices have gone up in the last few months, they've stopped offering their pimento cheese dip at the bar (which was amazing), and they no longer offer the crescent rolls with dinner anymore. It's little stuff, you know? Regardless, I'll still come to J's often because it always seems to hit the spot.
4	Croissants? Where are they?  Must be confusing with other J.Alexanders.  Nonetheless we had a good dining experience here.  Pleasant, somewhat dark and semi-modern feel to the place - very steakhouse-ish.  Not many beers to choose from though.  Spin dip was fairly good, though pricey.  Everyone was pleased with entrees.  Outstanding service, which is rare.  This is now going to be in my regular rotation of spots!
4	Wow..What a Treat!!! Great Service and the food doesn't suck!!!  LOL.. Stopped in for a quick dinner..had to wait (what's new Scottsdale)..Bartender was very friendly, but not overtly friendly (you know what I mean)... Table was ready and he gracefully asked to have my tab transferred..I refused and paid him..Hell, why shouldn't he get the tip... Waitress was awesome, very knowledgeable and pointed out their specialties. I opted for the Ahi Salad...Home Run!!! What a great Salad!!! Hit every point that the Menu said.. I should have gone 5 stars, but, I went 4... Don't get me wrong, but this is one to check out for sure..Great Service...Great Food...and Not Really Scottsdale Prices!!
5	J alexanders has an amazing atmosphere, adorable waiters and awesome food.  Try the filet with loaded baked potato.  So good!!!!!
2	Ate here on new years eve. Nice looking place but food was very average and I expect more for $30 entrees. Very similar to Houston's or White Chocolate Grill but not nearly as good as those.
1	DO NOT go to this restaurant if you are looking for a relaxing evening with good food.  This place is a fast food, chaotic joke!  The prices are high for the quality of food that is served and it is apparant that the food is "pre cooked" and simply picked up in the kitchen and served immediately upon ordering.  New Years Eve dinner took about 34 minutes from beginning to end, and that included appitizers and wine!!   Quite honestly comparing this place to Houstons is an insult to Houstons!  There is no comparison!  I wont be returning!
2	Trys to be high class but does not deliver First off the fried artichoke hearts were pointless. Flavorless, mostly uneatable husk and overpriced. The steak was average but it did not make up for the flat cole slaw. The chicken salad was good but everything seemed pricey for the quality. Most of all the location tried to be high class but it stopped short and the service and menus, table settings, ect were more like a diner. We do not think we will be returning.
3	Whoaaa; just popped in to relax with my hubby and enjoyed Thai BBQ salmon and really good Orzo /fruit combo//terrific food.   After they took away the Croissants they don't even automatically serve abread with the meal.  Great service; we asked """wheres the bread """and it was a drawn out explanation ending with "but if you really want some I can find something!  I mean those prices and no fancy little bread.  As we left we were asked how we liked our meal at the door going out.  We said food great, service great but again wondered where the bread was to someone standing near the female door greeter.  If this person was the manager and he said he was, the explanation was wierd.  Awwwwwwww just come out and say that our $40 plus lunch did not deserve a bit of fancy bread?  Hey buddy we are the customers , stand up, and look at us, shake our hand say "Thank You" for eating here!!!   Common sense business is not common in many places!!!!
1	What a dissapointment this place turned out to be!!  New Years Eve seemed like a race to the finish line...reservations for 6:30 and after 2 appetizers, 2 entree's and a bottle of wine, with a second ordered, we were all but escourted to the bar to finish our wine. It was 7:06...yes, 36 minutes of fine dining!!!  what a joke, the food was overdone (PREPARED BEFORE WE EVEN ORDERED) and the service was like speed dating!!  I will never return to this "wanna be" great resteraunt...oh, and when the waiter realized a mistake on the bill (after we had paid and retired to the bar so he could quickly turn yet another table)  he came racing up to us to apologize for his oversite. yes, he needed more money  or it would come out of his tip!  I should have told him to slow down and maybe he wouldn't forget to charge for items ordered.  again, I will NEVER return to this chaotic  joke of a restaurant when there are so many wonderful places to dine.  Save your money (yes, our bill was over $200)  and enjoy yourself somewhere else!
1	Ok I'm biased I love Houstons.  But I'm spoiled, it's season and I didn't want to wait for a table so we walked over to j alexanders, it like Houstons right.?  It's good we heard right?WRONG!wait the bread was ok.The salad had boxed croutons.  The french dip was paltry and had little meat on it.  The new York with crumbled blue cheese was the most overdone medium rare I have ever had and the Mac and cheese was just ok.  Once again the help was below par, not sure if he was new or just nervous.  I'll wait the 30 min at Houstons next time or go to Pomo.
4	Wonderful Food in a nice setting.  Danish Ribs Outstanding, Truly!  Prime Rib, rare as ordered, very tender.  Great Squash side dish and slaw.  If not for being overpriced, would be 5 Stars!
4	Ignore the 3.5 stars rating, this place deserves more. Here's why I think this place got 3.5 stars. Their menu caters to too many groups of people. I would consider the atmosphere and decor to be on the higher end, but if you look at the menu, they have burgers for 12 bucks and a filet mignon steak for 30. While the the old farts around me are trying to enjoy their steak dinner and have a classy conversation, you have me, the jack a-, ordering the burger, talking about Linsanity and eating with my hands. They made me uncomfortable and I'm sure I didn't make their dining experience any more pleasant. But you know what? J. Alexander's make tasty food. I went with the Turkey burger with all the fixin'. My classier counterpart- of-a-wife ordered the filet mignon. My turkey burger was well made; juicy and full of flavor. It was topped in fresh baby arugula, tomatoes and wrapped in a fresh baked bun. It also came with a mountain of made to order French fries. Wifey's steak was well made. Her hunk of meat was tagged on all sides with grill marks and looked very presentable. The steak was tender and well seasoned. It also came with a loaded baked potato, which went nicely with the steak. My only complaint is that the potato was twice the size of the steak. I think it should be the other way around. Overall, I would recommend this joint as a second or third date. It looks nice, good is good, and the prices aren't too steep. A little about my credentials:I first got into cooking & food when I was in college. After being rejected by numerous girls and getting zero action, I decided it was time for a change. I needed a new makeover to boost my geeky image. I applied for a cooking position at a Mediterranean-Italian Restaurant near my home and learned to cook all sorts of pastas and dishes. I never became a professional chef, but 9 years later and 55 lbs heavier, I continue to enjoy & love food.
5	Had the opportunity to take about 20 people here for dinner.  Service was outstanding.  We had one waitress with a helper but then when food and apps came there must have been 10 people getting it to us.  Food was great, everyone complimented, and the service which in  a large group is even more important was excellent.  Could not have ask for more -   Great Job server #71 !!
2	We made a reservation for Valentines Day. It was busy but we were seated right away. Our server, however, was quite rude to us from the get go. We didn't order alcohol and that seemed to offend him. Also, my boyfriend ordered fries with his steak and our waiter rolled his eyes. The steak was out of this world juicy and tender but a bit peppery. I had the roasted garlic chicken and mashed potatoes. The chicken was dry and overcooked and the potatoes were cold. Our server never checked back with us during the entire meal to ask us how things were. In fact the only time anyone came to our table is when we waved someone down for some refills. We were finished eating for about 10 minutes when our server came by and picked our plates up. As he was about to set another plate on top of my food I told him I wanted it boxed up (hoping I could salvage it for home). His reply was, "Oh! Okay, did you want me to do it?" He boxed it and set it on our table in a walk by. Then we waited another 5-10 minutes or so before he came back and asked if we'd saved room for dessert. We asked if we could see a dessert menu. It only tooks a minute or two to decide but we didn't see our server for another 5-7 minutes. (He seemed to only have 5 tables all together that evening). We ordered dessert and as we took maybe our third bite he came by and with the check. He checked back for payment two or three times while we were still enjoying our dessert - it was a chocholate cake with ice cream which was pretty good, not worth the price, but good. When we opened up the bill he had over charged us so we had to wait for him to check back again to ask him to fix it. We sat another 6-7 minutes while he fixed it, paid and left. We never even received a good bye or thanks for coming from a single staff member. It was a let down of an experience, even if my boyfriend's steak was good.
4	Similar to Houston's but better.  We used to be Houston's regulars but now go to J Alexander's instead as they have consistent food quality and better service.   Love the warm bread and soft butter they start you with.  I had the burger and fries and it was delicious and cooked exactly how i requested it.  Usually get the Thai Chicken Salad or sometimes the Ahi Tuna Salad.  Food is always consistently good.
4	Excellent service.  We ended up being here on a business dinner for 3.5 hours!  The waitress knew when to leave us alone and when to come by - perfect pacing!  It made the evening a success.  I wouldn't order the Ahi Tuna Salad again due to the small portion size but, other than that, everything was perfect.
2	Service was below average. Food was average and ambience was the best part of the experience. Would not go back. Looks like a great place by the number of people lining up to get in but not sure why. If you are looking for a good place...keep looking as this is not worth a $200 dinner for 4.
5	We went to Scottsdale for the first time a few weeks ago for Spring Training.  We wanted to try a restaurant we have never eaten at before.  When we went in the restaurant from the ladies at the front door to the waiters the service was great.   We had the Grilled artichokes and they  we out of this world. We get fresh artichokes   all the time right from the fields were we live in Northern Cal but these were great..  Since we were having lunch we wanted to go light (so we thought) we had the Alex's salad.  It was also great and filling.   That was the best lunch we had in Scottsdale that week.  If I go back to Scottsdale I would have to go back to J. Alexander's....
5	I could probably eat the queso everyday.  I've loved every J's restaurant I've ever been to.  Service and food are always outstanding.  Really nice patio bar here!!!
5	Seriously, the best steak I've ever had. Also, the best mac n cheese I've ever had. Bomb mashed potatoes and caesar salad, and huge drinks. Service was stellar. Nothing bad to say at all. Keep it up!
3	You know Alexander it's a chain so it you like it its pretty much the same everywhere.  Service was decent the waiter she was nice and i have to say that the rib was pretty good and juicy.  So i do recommend this place if  you are in the area..they also have fish but I didn't try it.
4	Love that they hav valet parking and awesome service.
4	We went here again last night and had a fabulous time!  B/F got his favorite - the ribs - and I decided to try the French Dip.  I wasn't sure if I should order it as I am picky about my French Dip but, decided to live dangerously and OMG I am so glad that I did!  This was THE BEST French Dip I have ever had.  Perfect amount of horseradish, the dipping sauce was beautiful, the bun was fantastic and, best of all was the meat.  So tender you could literally pull it apart.  I am still drooling over how good that was and will definitely order it again.  This place blows Houston's out of the water!  We will be back.
4	Nice - a little bit classy, but casual at the same time.  Had a great kabob, my partner was in raptures about the scallops.  In both cases the rice that accompanied was better than average.  Service was good.  Will go back, but can't be a once a week thingy, as a little bit pricey - sort of a non-birthday special day place.  Would have been 5 stars if entrees came with a salad.
5	We stumbled on this gem by accident, we just happened to be in the area and had never heard of it.  From the minute they opened the door for us when we arrived this place was a class act catering to our every whim as if we were their only customers - I like to think they thought we were celebrities ;-). We were immediately seated in a booth even though it was only 2 of us (I hate when restaurants "save" booths for other people who never show up).They took our drink order right away, and quickly delivered them as well as water glasses with a full carafe of water.We both decided immediately on the same dish - Prime Rib Dip - a favorite of mine. And when we set our menus down it was only a very brief wait until she checked to see if we were ready to order. The meal came within 10 minutes (psychic waiters and servers?!), and they refilled our ice tea and diet coke (never left us empty!).The French Dip is one of the best I have ever had. I HIGHLY recommend it!!! They checked on us regularly, but not in a way that was annoying, and boxed up my leftovers for me promptly.As we left they again opened the door for us, and handed us Fiji bottled waters for the road!This would be ideal for impressing customers, it's quiet enough to hear your conversation, it's classy but not hoity-toity - I will definitely be back!! Now if only they would open one in Washington!!
5	Great food but even better service. My wife and I were treated like royalty and as a result look forward to a return visit
5	This company is great.  They know how to really make a steak and there food is well priced.  I have been to other steak houses in Scottsdale and steaks cost around $50.  Here you will get the same thing for around $20 to $25.  The service is usually great too.  I have been to this restaurant 10 to 15 times over the last couple years and will continue to go.
4	Please open up in NJ!!! I was in from out of town and wanted a casual dinner.  Great menu, terrific, polite wait staff, nice ambiance. The hostess team was lovely, out server was knowledgable and efficient. This is what a casual dinner should look like.  Good luck and keep doing what you are doing!
4	For a chain restaurant, this one is pretty good. I've had a bunch of items on their menu and are never disappointed. For the friendly service, great food and location, I will gladly spend a few more bucks for a fabulous dining experience. For date night or just a night out, go here!
2	As a foodie, I was disappointed with my experience at J. Alexanders, primarily because of poor service. It really felt like our server (#71) was better suited for a Denny's then a restaurant competing in the high end restaurant space of Scottsdale.  We felt rushed, had very litte description of the food and little or no pleasant interaction.  We both felt like every time we asked about something or for something, we were annoying her.  The food was ok, but not great for the money.  I just kept thinking about Houston's across the street.  The restaurant ambiance is very nice.  I think this would be a great place for a drink or dessert out on the patio, but that's it.  My guest had been at the restaurant once before and had poor service that time as well.  It's a drag, because I wanted to like this restaurant, but for the money, foodies will probably not be that excited about the experience.
2	2.5 Stars. I've been to J. Alexanders on two separate occasions, and each time, I was not impressed. Their menu is significantly overpriced, and their quality to price ratio is pretty bad. I ordered the Ahi Tuna for dinner and the chips and guacamole as an appetizer. The Ahi Tuna was just ok. It was coated in a sauce that was edible, but not pleasant, and didn't really compliment the flavor of the fish. The guacamole was pretty bad, to be honest. For around seven or eight dollars, you would excpect to get more than a tennis ball sized portion of guacamole, but no. And not to mention, it was not made from good avocados. They were cut way before they were ripened and were a very hard consistency with little flavor (despite being mashed into avocado). It was also JUST avocado. No added onion or jalapeno. Just avocado. this is a typical place for Scottsdale locals to go. It's made for snotty, "upscale" people, who think that presentation and price of food matters more than the quality. I probably won't be returning to J. Alexanders anytime soon.
2	The previous reviews about feeling like they were pushing you out of the place are accurate. Split a salad with my friend and the french dip came before we were halfway done with the salad. Not cool. Also french dip was not hot. I tried it right when it got there to check. Nothing to write home about. I much prefer Chelsie's Kitchens food, service, patio etc. Probably won't go back.
1	I just had dinner here tonight and ordered a side of steamed vegetables for my 15 month old daughter, when our entrees came out I had to ask twice for the steamed vegetables, after several minutes the waiter came back and told me that I could have grilled zucchini or red peppers only and that the executive chef said that was all that was available and they could not do steamed vegetables. I an age where many people have dietary requirements that is never ending a simple request for steamed vegetables is refused. You can bet your bottom dollar I will never recommend this chain to anyone. I can only hope if you have allergies you are very careful at this restaurant as judging from my experience you could end up very sick or in hospital due to the non flexibility of the kitchen and chef.
3	Make sure you get the warm carrot cake if you go to J. Alexander's.  The service is always friendly, the parking is a bit of a challenge at times, but the food is always consistant.
4	This is actually a solid 3 1/2 star review. Surprisingly, I can't really decide why I'm not more bowled over. This was described to me as a menu that was 'Houston's-like' [with all due respect Mr. Alexander...] and I saw some resemblance in some of the dishes but as a fan of said fraternal twin, I didn't see it, really. I digress...I do love the look of the outdoor space and the roaring fire, especially on this unusually chilly day.Inside, not so much, a little stifled yawnish...The service, spot on. We were able sit and chatter over our tea and our server kept returning to check on an order but not in a nasty way. I had Salmon Caesar ,which I thought was really good - fresh romaine, perfectly grilled salmon with some croutons and a nice kicky/sporty/garlicky-[insert your own caesarified adjective here meaning good and flavorful] dressing on the side, per my request. I wiped it out and mopped it up with the just okay focaccia.I totally enjoyed the food and the fact we weren't rushed through any of it. Cost is comparable to Houstons, maybe a little less. So, yes, it was good, it wasn't wow and I'd go back for a lunch but yeah, that ambiance needs some help.
4	Wish we had a J. Alexander's in my neck of the woods, consistently good, waitstaff efficient and helpful.
4	It does look like the typical Scottsdale hangout for snowbirds.  It is.  Mick, our bartender was extra friendly and added a non pushy way of getting us to eat his favorites on the menu.  We started off with the grilled artichokes with aioli.  We then shared the Thai Kai salad and the the grilled salmon.  The salad was very tasty.  I only ask that they ease up on the wonton strips throughout the salad.  The grilled salmon was perfectly prepared.  Medium rare.  Not too many psuedo chain restaurants can do this correctly.  We ended with the carrot cake.  Nice way to finish a solid experience.
5	We had dinner here and an after dinner drink at the bar a couple nights. The food was very good and the service amazing. The carrot cake is as good as everyone else has said! Leslie, our bartender both nights, was fantastic! She offered us tastes of different ports so we could decide and makes a wonderful coffee drink ... french-pressed coffee and fresh whipped cream. We'd definitely go back!
4	comfortable, good food.  The bar was good for after dinner drinks.  Leslie, the bartender, was great!
