5	I cannot say enough about LaVey and Janine at 'Your Beauty Call'. I first used them to glam up 15 of my closest friends and I for my 30th Birthday. I'm from CA so booking an out of state hair/makeup team I was a little weary. But they surpassed any expectations I had. They were professional, down-to-earth, friendly and most of all did an amazing job on myself & all my ladies. Since that time, Lavey and Janine have been our go to glam squad for every Vegas trip we've made! They are a bachelorette party MUST!Lavey and Janine are AMAZING!
5	Your Beauty Call is AMAZING. I am usually one of those picky girls who insists that no one can do my hair and makeup better than I can, but when referred by a friend for a very important night I decided to go for it. Janine did my hair better than I ever could have. She knew exactly what to do to fit my personality and style. Once my makeup was done I wanted to hire these girls to be my full time stylist! WOW, LaVey took my natural look to a whole new level! She also knew exactly what would work for me and I loved that!After Janine and LaVey were complete, I knew I would definitely call them for every BIG event, date  or night on the town because they are that good! Definitely would recommend them to anyone!!
5	One word...AMAZING!!!! Lavey and Janine are two of the most professional, down to earth and sweetest women I have ever met in my life. I was so nervous the morning of my wedding and they put me completely at ease. They did hair and makeup for myself, matron of honor and bridesmaid. We all felt like absolute rockstars when we were done. I myself felt more beautiful than I have ever felt in my entire life. Our wedding guests are still talking about how beautiful I looked and the pictures are incredible. They went above and beyond my expectations!!! Thank you girls for being a part of my dream come true! I highly recommend Your Beauty Call for weddings, parties or even just a night out on the town. I will definitely be using them every time I come back to Vegas. I love these girls!!!
5	I would recommend these girls to anyone.  LaVey and Janine are great at what they do.I live in Hawaii, but had scheduled an engagement session in Vegas.  Not being from the area, I had no idea who to book for hair and makeup.  Luckily, my (fabulous) photographer, Jasmine Star, asked around and recommended that I contact LaVey.  I'm soooo glad I did!  When LaVey and Janine were done I felt like a celebrity!  And they are SO nice!  I felt like I was just hanging out with my girlfriends from home. :) TIP:  If you have a picture of the hair and makeup style you want, show it to them.  They will execute it perfectly!
5	I don't normally review things, but I just have to say that Your Beauty Call did an amazing job on my hair and make up.I was very nervous coming to Las Vegas to get married, I knew it wasn't going to be anything big but I wanted to feel beautiful and they definitely made that happen. I was recommended to them by Micael from Shoot'n Star Photography in Austin and I'm so glad I went with them rather than an unknown salon. It was an amazing experience and if I'm ever in Vegas and I need to look beautiful I will definitely call them again!
5	I had my hair and makeup done by LaVey and Janine for the USMC birthday ball last year and they are both super talented and super amazing. They came to my hotel room, and got my hair and makeup done in time for me to change and still be on time to the event. They're not overpriced, and they let me show them what I wanted, and it was amazing not to feel like another MAC clone as far as makeup goes. my hair, omg the hair - I didn't know my hair could look like that!! not to mention, she had no problems or issues putting in the extensions I brought with me, extensions stayed-put, the entire time-dancing and drinking and a long night out on the strip. These ladies are sweet, and funny and an absolute pleasure to be around :) I wish I could steal them away to northern CA so they could do my wedding.I can't recommend them enough. If you're going to Vegas, don't bother with anywhere or anyone else.
4	I had Janine and Crystal come to do my hair and makeup for my wedding in Vegas. They were both down to earth and really nice to spend the few hours with! I was more than happy with the outcome, and they listened to everything I was after. I have only given 4 stars though - as I did my booking and payment through LaVey and she hadn't communicated it through to the girls. So I didn't get airbrush makeup even though I had paid for it...
5	Loved loved the services, my sister in law was getting married and they came toThe hotel on time and took car of us girls! They were super friendly and made my sister look awesome' just as she asked.
5	Loved my hair and makeup. The girls were slightly late but super efficient. No problems with time at all. We didn't have a trial and they did everything I asked for. Great experience.
5	I had these girls do my hair and make-up for me, my sister, and my mom for my wedding yesterday and they were wonderful. My hair and make-up lasted up the whole time. They were a perfect choice!
5	I love Your Beauty Call and have used them for head shots and special occasions.  They are amazing!  They listen to what you like and are personable and make you feel comfortable.I was married in another state so I wish they'd done my wedding day hair and makeup!  But, I do follow them on Instagram so I've seen the amazing things they do with brides.You cannot go wrong with Your Beauty Call!  They're the best!
5	Me and my 3 friends all got our hair and makeup done to treat ourselves before heading out for a fun night in Vegas.  It was super convenient to have them come right to our hotel room and I felt like they listened to what we wanted while also offering insight on what would look good.  I have never felt more glamorous in my life - we received compliments all night on how beautiful we all looked.  I would not hesitate to book them again if I come to Vegas or recommend them to a friend.
5	LaVey and Janine are without a doubt THE MOST talented hair and make-up team not only in Las Vegas-but from any major city I have visited. I have had them do my hair and make-up quite a few times now and have sent friends out to see them too. Whether it's a wedding or a girls night out or any special occasion-these women will not leave until you are happy.
5	Don't hesitate - book these gals. They came to our suite at the Golden Nugget to do hair and makeup for five of us ladies prior to my 10 year vow renewal ceremony. Everyone looked incredible and LaVey and Janine tailored looks to each woman's preference. And they are a blast to hang out with - they fit right in. On time (even early!), great communication, awesome service. Would book them again in a heartbeat.
5	Use them on my wedding day and do not regret the service. They are super fast and worked with me. A little pricey but they are worth it, considering that you do not even have to go to a salon , they just come to you.
5	Lovely ladies who know what they are doing. The hair and makeup for my wedding was stunning. So glad I decided on Your Beauty Call, thank you so much.
5	These girls are on fire! They know make-up!!! LaVey did my make up for our engagement shoot, and Janine did my hair. Zulema and Janine did make-up and hair for the bachelorette party, wedding day, and trash the dress session. I am so happy to have worked with these lovely ladies. They take the time to listen to what you want and they make it happen. I love that they come to you! Definitely glam on the go! My hair and make-up looked beautiful both in person and on photo. They made my sister/ MOH and mom look stunning on the wedding day as well. I wish I could have them do my hair and make-up everyday! I will definitely be hiring the girls for my special occasion glam sessions. Their work is totally worth it! Thank you so much ladies!
