3	good way to get a cheap haircut.  good way to get a bad haircut from an inexperienced student.  you never know what you're gonna get!!  The prices are really good so if you want an Aveda salon on a super low budget it may be worth the risk.  ASU ID's also get an additional discount.
5	I've been to Carsten's a couple of times now as a hair model for my friend enrolled as a student there. The first time I just got a cut, and I can honestly say that it is probably the best hair cut I have ever had.Siobhan was able to cut my hair (with a little help from the instructor) so it looks good even when not styled. I have a huge cowlick in the back of my hair and it disappeared after my cut. The next time I went and had platinum highlights put in throughout and a  chocolate "peek-a-boo" in the front of my hair. I love it, and just writing this reminds me that it's time for another cut already. I do think I'll head back to Carsten's to get my hair done, I haven't been disappointed yet...
4	I love this place! Keep in mind this is a academy... You know? Students needing practice perfecting a cut, a color, a wax.. Get to use you to PRACTICE:-) I think it's great... For them.. For the public , whomIn times of a tough economy can save a few $$ and still get an Aveda experience..my advice , be patient... Did you perfect your job when you were new and learning with warp speed?? ... Have faith.. Cmon!! They aren't fresh out of nursery school students on the loose with sharp shears & sharpie pens!.. They have instructors checking on their work..& correcting , if need be. ... And when in doubt... ASK.. Yes! If you don't like what you see.. Ask for help:-) not brain science .. But a place for a great Aveda experience.. At a fraction of the cost.. If you want your 5-star $500 experience... Yelp that and head there :-)
5	I have to admit, I wasn't sure what to expect since the services are performed by students. Since my long-time stylist recently moved away, I've been in search for a new place to get my hair done. I enjoy Aveda salons so after receiving a horrible haircut from a high-end Aveda salon I decided to give Carsten Institute a go. Perhaps I lucked out and got a talented student but it was one of the best haircuts I've had! She was timid at first but warmed up after we started talking and the process took a little longer since the instructors check the students work several times. It took a little over three hours for an all-over color and cut. Cannot beat the prices, though! The color was $45 and the cut $16, however, you can find coupons on valpak or azspagirls. Since this is a school the ambience is not quite as relaxing. You may see students or instructors goofing off or hear the students being called to the front via a loudspeaker. The only negative comments I have are that the instructors seemed less professional than the students in their demeanor and the receptionist was extremely unfriendly.
5	This place is an incredible deal, especially if you're a student! I paid $43 for a haircut and highlights, and the stylist, Quora, did a great job. I'll definitely be back.
4	Why do women pay full salon prices on a regular basis when there are fun, less expensive places like Carsten Institute of Hair & Beauty?  This place is like a top-notch salon that happens to have students being trained instead of women who have already graduated.  You can tell it's run like a well-oiled machine and everyone is confident in their abilities.  They have good prices (with additional student discounts) and they carry only Aveda products.  It's not the least expensive cosmetology school I've been to but, they are definitely one of the nicest so it makes up for it.   I wish I could remember the name of my lady from a few weeks ago.  She tinted my eyelashes (student price $12) and did a great job.  It was more relaxing than a lot of my actual salon experiences.  Unfortunately she told me she was graduating and so I'll have to try someone else next time.  I'm confident in this facility though so I look forward to it!See ya there!
5	I absolutely love this place.  Have been coming here for over a year.  Perhaps it sucks if you are the type to get emotionally attached to your hair stylist, and share juicy infomation about your lives, but if you don't care about that, then this place is for you!My hair has ALWAYS looked amazing, because they actually care about what they are doing- and not because they have to because they are in school- but because they are new to the profession and aren't burnt out/cigarette smoking/over processed middle aged women.  The atmosphere is fun and hip, and their products are displayed nicely.  They also don't try to cram their products down your throat, which always makes me want to buy them!So pricing? CANNOT be beat.  I pay $43 for a cut and partial highlights.  I leave a $10 tip (cash only, they won't let you leave more than that) and I save because I have a student ID.  $53 for the whole deal.  I have no clue where I'd get this great job done outside of here....not even Super Cuts could do better.  It may take them a bit longer (I was there 3.5 hours today) but who doesn't love having someone play with your hair for 3.5 hours?!  What a bargain!For some, the thought of going to a school is probably scary, but the students are very astute, they care about what they are doing and are excited about being hands-on.  The instructors have to come check in at certain stages of the process, so mistakes are very very rare- I suppose if there was a big mistake, the instructors would fix it. The students are also very good at giving each other positive feedback (no whining, complaining, groaning about coworkers here!)  They also give a free hand massage and massage the heck out of your head and hair when shampooing.
2	A year ago I would have given this place four stars. It's a great value (for guys anyway) after all, especially if you bring in a Val-Pak coupon. I always got a decent haircut, and if it wasn't quite to my liking, one of the pro instructors would fix it up at the end.But the customer service has degraded to a point I never thought possible. The final straw was when I spent three straight days trying to call to make an appointment, and I never once got through to the flaky, snooty chicks at the front desk.So I won't be going back. I didn't really have much choice in the matter.
1	OMG, please do yourself a favor and don't take the chance of ruining your hair! I suppose if you are lucky you might get a decent haircut but I was not one of them.The student that cut my hair must have been pretty new in training because I asked for a basic haircut with a touch up on my layers and it turned out AWFUL. Not only were the layers not done at all, but the blow dry job was terrible. Frizzy, done with the wrong brush with no product for volume and shine. I could have done a better job myself. I attempted to tell both she and her instructor and it was no use. Neither seemed to understand what I was asking for even though I asked for something SO basic. Now I have to spend more money fixing this POS mess. NEVER AGAIN.
3	i would not recommend going their for a cut. they do great updos and glamourous curly styles!
4	Love this place! Its super affordable and in a great location. I have always been happy with my hair cuts. But then again I am not a picky person. I'm only paying 12 bucks! If you want a professional hair cut then go to a professional salon. Everyone is really friendly except for the front desk girls. Major attitude from them. Only four stars because of that and the wait times. I had to wait 30 minutes before my stylist was ready. Also they only have weird appointment times available like Wednesdays at 9 am. I'm not working at the moment so it fits my schedule. It probably won't work with others though so you're looking at waiting a week or so to get a decent appointment. Well to the hair. I have come in before with some crazy requests and my hair comes out looking exactly how I want. I have had the side of head shaved and steps cut, had my hair done like Zooey Deschanels' , AND had my hair dyed red. All came out wonderful! I will continue to come here even when I can afford to go to high priced salon.
1	I've been going to Carsten for four years and I love the students and instructors. I bring my family and friends there all the time. Sadly, I have to rate them a one star because the service at the front desk hasn't improved. Two weeks ago my girlfriends and I planned a girls day out at carsten. My student was amazing and I just love his personality. So I promised him I would bring some clients for him because I have a huge family and lots of friends. One of my friend was trying to make an appointment and she wanted to book with the same student I had. The receptionist,Isabel, was very short with her because she was annoyed that my friend was asking to be with a particular student and trying to book her mother in for a haircut and color for that same day. My friend and her mother was both scheduled at 9am. They both got there and Isabel messed up thier appointment and my friend's mother had to wait three hours to get her hair done. I was embarrassed when she called me to tell me her day was rough. Last week, I was trying to schedule another friends appointment for a hair cut and relaxer but that all went to hell. I explained to the receptionist that I was making an appointment for a friend and could I have a particular student but she needs to start at an earlier time . I accidentally said she wanted her hair " permantily straighten"  and she snap back and said " there no such thing as permantily straighten hair! We only have a something called relaxer"... Okay I wasn't sure what it was called. So I didn't make that appointment on that day after getting snapped at. Therefore, I came in today to make my friends's appointment for the same student and the same service but this time I said " relaxer". I wanted to make it on Tuesday but the student I perfered to work on my friend's hair was booked. I told her that I really wanted this student to work on my friend because she took the day off from work to try this school out but she didn't seem to care nor wanted to work something out to make me happy. I gave up and I told her to book my friend with who ever and the earliest possible. My husband and friend are scheduled next week with Carsten but after that none of my friends nor my family will go back to Carsten. Sorry guys... I loved Carsten but since the prices are expensive for a school and the service at the front desk sucked. Therefore, I'm  never coming back.
5	I have not been here in about 3 years. it is a beauty school, but differently on the high end.   I used to come here all the time. They use only Aveda products which is fabulous!!!    I love the all natural products.   However, since Estee Lauder bought the company they are throwing in some chemicals here and there. NAUGHTY.....    So soon they will be changing to all natural products.  All students working here, they do however, have  fantastic instructors that check all things before and after.  Parking can be a bit tight so don't get there late for your appt.      They do hair, nails, and all aesthetics.  It is less than salons , however, they are quite a bit more than the 3 years ago i was here. However, it is really clean and you can buy all Aveda products here as well.
5	In a moment of panicked  desperation before a job interview I had my mother cut my hair. I didn't get the job. It was for reasons that had nothing to do with my hair but there was no denying that my cut was "rough" around the edges. Short on cash and determined to succeed in my next interview,  I made an appointment and was assigned to Aubree. She was warm & cute.  You couldn't help but love her.  But fixing a layered haircut from a woman whose last stylist experience was when I was nine years old was a tall order. One that all the warm and cute in the world could not necessarily fill. But it didn't take long for me to put all my faith in Aubree because she's a good listener. I told her my sad story and she confidently told me she could fix it. The more time I spent with Aubree the more I got the impression that she is talented at a lot of things.  It seemed like she was in school because she wanted to be - not because she wasn't sure what else to do.  What I liked most about Aubree is that she has the rare gift that only people that are really amazing at something have.  She knows what she doesn't know.  And who to ask so she can learn it.    After Aubree cut my hair, I was happy with it.  But she saw room for improvement and found the best resource to make it perfect! Talented people are a dime a dozen.  Sadly, most talented people only end up being competent - NOT amazing like one would expect.  Aubree, on the other hand, has the ability to be amazing with her talents. She asked questions and listens to feedback!  This is essential as listening to feedback can be a tricky thing for people who are talented.  Talented people are so good at hearing that they ARE talented that they often translate "not knowing" in a painfully personal way.  They don't hear what the feedback is trying to tell them so they can become better.  But not Aubree!  I have full confidence that the next time I end up with a catastrophic haircut that if I hunt her down in the salon she works in, and if can afford her, that she'll be able to fix me up so I can get the job of my dreams!
1	Dear Carsten-Your student was unorganized and unprofessional and your "educator" blatantly disregarded the picture I showed and the verbal description of the length. Instead of hair that is shoulder length it's several inches above. I will *never* come back and will make sure that the faculty in charge knows about this. Up until this time I had always had relatively good experiences. This time defies explanation.
4	I have been going to Carsten for years! Please keep in mind that it is a school.  Look forward to approximately 3 hours for a cut and color.  The prices are affordable and unlike other Aveda schools they ask if you want to give tip.  The atmosphere is busy and they keep the temperature decent.  I highly recommend getting their signature facials.  At $30, you get two masks, a head, hand and shoulder massage.  HEAVEN!!
5	You have to really love this place.   The prices cannot be beat!   They use all Aveda products. It is nice and cool inside, even when it is killer hot outside.   All students doing the services, but they are all checked by the great staff. Good location as well , right on Rual. Free parking in the lot.  Hey , give it a try you will like it!
1	I purchased a Groupon Coupon, called and made an appointment.  When I showed up, they did not have me in their appointment book.  I had a short wait until a stylist was ready for me.  I don't know if she was a meth addict, or had the DT's or Parkinsons.  Her hands shook terribly!  She was rough on my head, tossing it around while she washed my hair.  The  head massage lasted about 15 seconds.  She did not explain to me the French Hair Cutting technique so I thought she was really wacky when she asked me to stand during the cut.  The cut ended up to be fine, but the experience was not very good.  I still have a coupon to use so I will have another hair cut and a facial.  Hope the next experience is better.
1	Well, they say you get what you pay for.  I have been coming here for a very simple hair cut around every five months for the past three years and every time it has been getting worse and worse and worse.  First off, I just have to say, I am a VERY low maintenance hair girl. I don't do ANYTHING besides occasionally wash and brush my hair. I was first attracted to this Salon because it was inexpensive and near my house and they sold and used Aveda products. Well, they don 't anymore, they have switched to L'Oreal. Lame.  When I first started coming here, the students and instructors seemed stylish, trendy, professional and attentive.  I noticed it started going downhill rapidly in Summer 2011 when I swear my student stylist was coming down from a cocaine high and seemed barely awake during my haircut and was still wearing her stinky party clothes from the night before.  Since then, I have noticed the professionalism of the students and teachers leave MUCH to be desired, especially in the personal hygiene department, and that is just sad! Last Spring I came in for a simple cut and highlights. I was explicit about what I wanted.  The instructor did not listen to me, even as she was instructing the stylist what to do with my hair, and I was telling her that is not what I wanted. I was told they do things a certain way and have to follow the formula. So I ended up paying for that and then made a beeline to Sally's to buy peroxide and did the job myself with exponentially better results.This past weekend was the rotten cherry on top which told me to never go back, and now I am warning you Dear Yelpers, as well, to learn from my mistakes. It started when I walked in there and was greeted by some unprofessional looking desk attendants who asked me to pay prior to my service and also asked me to tip prior to my service because I was the last appointment of the day and they wanted to close their register.  Uhhh....When I met the stylist, this person did have good hygiene and was friendly and personable but I am pretty sure I was this person's first haircut ever.  I understand they are students, but I would think by the time the school let the students work on human beings they would understand how to follow a simple formula for hair cutting, as well as know how to blow dry and apply the most basic of hair products. But this wasn't the worst of it. Again, I blame the instructors. One of the instructors who was again dressed unprofessionally, talked and joked around with the stylist about her personal life without acknowledging me as a person getting a haircut sitting in that barber chair.  The second instructor did the opposite of what I wanted, did not listen or acknowledge me and gave me the worst hair cut of my life. Again, I should've saved $20 and done it at home.  Basically my hair looked like a feathered mullet reminiscent of my fifth grade school picture.  Luckily, someone who appeared to be the head instructor, who did look and act professionally, did some damage control and made my hair look halfway decent and also told my stylist that one does not need a hand full of gel in one's bangs.  So basically I will be patiently waiting for my hair to grow out into something less horrid. Needless to say, "One Star: Methinks Not."
5	I have been coming here for many years. I have not been in in awhile though, because of conflicting schedules.However, I am so lucky that I got an appt and came in to have my hair done on this day.I had the awesome Albina! She was an expert at her craft.She was everything you could hope for your hair dresser to be. She was very knowledgeable,fast and did a fantastic job!Plus, she was very pleasant and interesting to talk to as well.She even introduced me to the new line they are carrying .It used to be Aveda ,but it is now all L'Oreal. Which is nice. They serve complimentary coffee ,tea,(herbal ,and lemon water while you have your services done.My hair looked so awesome when I left there. I was so excited I forgot my coat. When I got home I realized and I called. They had already put it aside for me. So I could pick it up later in the afternoon. All this plus the price was a screaming deal. I love this place!
4	I don't understand why some of you are complaining so much as if this is high end salon. Going to a student salon is always a risk however the prices are worth it. All of the times I've been here they have never done wrong to my hair. They really take their time and the instructors often assess the student's work and lend advice. If you need something complicated or expecting to have out of this world hair color then you probably should look somewhere else.
1	I have gone to this salon a few times before and had not had such a horrible experience as I did the last time. I went in for a cut and color. My hair was long, almost close to my behind. I had a few layers and asked for the shortest layer to be blended in to the rest of my hair. I didn't want a lot taken off the ends and asked that only about an inch be cut off the ends. They started with the color which was fine at the time, but not true once I got home and looked at it in different lighting. It was blotchy. OK, I could deal with this color....Whatever. But when it came to my cut I think the student had no idea how to layer hair. She left my hair with very short layers that it looked as if I had a very long mullet. Not even the instructor was able to fix this huge mistake. When I heard her tell the student that she had "cut into it", I knew something was wrong. Seriously, all the instructor and the student could say was that they were sorry. Oh yeah, the instructor said that I didn't have to pay for the hair cut. I was so upset with what was done to my hair and the way it looked that I asked them to cut off seven or eight inches so that it could blend in with the rest of my short hair, and look somewhat decent. I can still see the choppyness of my hair and it is still not even half way decent, but after the hair is cut, there is really nothing that can be done.After I got home and really started going through my hair, all I could was cry and scream. Oh one other thing. Because my hair was so long they had to use two extra bowls of color and I was charged for those two bowls, this would not be a problem had I gotten the haircut that I asked for, but being that my hair was so short afterwards and had I gone into the salon with that short of hair I would not have had to have two extra bowls of hair color. I know that these are students and I expect that they will make some mistakes some times but this was HUGE. I don't understand how they could put a student on the floor to work on clients if the student doesn't understand the basic concept of layering. Currently, I am waiting very impatiently for my hair to grow back so that I can have someone that knows what they are doing, fix my hair. I say "IMPATIENTLY', because everytime I do my hair I am reminded of what it used to be compared what it looks like now
2	I've been going to this salon on and off for a couple of years. Most of the services are decent but not spectacular. Any idiot can cut long hair. My hair is past my shoulders. I have however had a couple of bad cuts. The receptionists are usually not bright enough to actually schedule an appointment correctly. Who knew it was that hard?I'd give the staff 1 starServices 3 stars on averageI did however recently have a bad experience which is why I'm writing this review. I went in for a color weave and the girl took so long that she told me she couldn't style my hair after washing it. I left looking terrible with half wet hair and an angry look on my face.
3	I recommend this place for basic facials,  but stay away for nails. It's def worth it to pay the extra money and go to a nail salon.
1	NO WAY. Sort comments by date, and you'll see there aren't any positive comments that are recent! The salon is under new management and so is the school. It's a nightmare going through the school - one of my besties graduated a year ago and still doesn't have a date for her exam because Carsten keeps filing her paperwork incorrectly. Now she is repaying her student loan and can't even practice! The school's administration is beyond a mess.The salon is also a disaster... like other reviewers mentioned you can't request the stylist you want. It's like Russian roulette going in there! I wouldn't take a chance on it if I were you.
4	I was in June 18th for an eyebrow wax & basic trim. I first met Miss Tuynke for waxing service and was delighted..it was towards the end of the day so I was the last client and in addition to walking me thru the process beforehand, she also did a skin analysis since we had extra time. She has a great, pleasant energy and will definitely not back to see her. Also Miss Taj upstairs is an intentive listener and I was more than happy with my trim! Hopefully,  I can see these two ladies again.
5	Nicole in aesthetics was great. A wonderful personality. Miss Angel is her instructor. Very pleased. I would definitely go back to see Nicole. Thx! A happy customer.
5	I've been having my hair done at Carsten's Institute for over 12 years and NEVER had a bad experience.
5	I have gone here in the past, and it was.. Ehhhh. But I decided to give it another try, it's been about a year since the last time I visited. I went in for a hair cut, some layering. Taj cut my hair, and let me tell you she was AMAZING. She was very sweet, and we talked about traveling/school/work etc. she made me feel very relaxed and welcomed! Usually when I get my hair cut I tell them not to bother with blow drying my hair. Usually by the end I look like a lion.. Not cute.I decided to just do the blow dry. She did AMAZING, never have I had such an amazing blow dry. She curled my ends using the brush and I feel like a million bucks.Thank you so much Taj, definitely will be back!!
5	Got a shampoo & blowout and it was great! The school was nicer inside than I was expecting.  Definitely worth the money to give it a try.
