4	Yummy filipino food and great service...  My family was treated like VIPs here because the cab driver who took us there told them we were with them.  The soup that comes along with our meal was really good.  I had the kare kare and it tasted just like the way my grandma makes it.  The turon (banana egg roll) was really good... it was crispy and not soggy.  We loved it so much that we went back 2 days later for breakfast.  The longsilog was okay.  The garlic rice was a little cold but the longonisa (filipino sausage) was yummy and not too greasy.  I would definitely go back again the next time we visit Sin City.  It's a nice change from eating on the strip.
5	I was introduced to this spacious and homey Filipino restaurant by my parents on our recent visit to Vegas.  This was by all means the best place on the Mainland for authentic, home-cooked Filipino food.  The cafeteria -style set up let's you choose from the wide variety of entrees.   We went twice because you can't beat the $3.99 2-item combo, served with a ton of steamed white rice (of course), and a cup of soup (more like a flavorful broth).  I tried adobo, pinakbet, fried pusit, kare kare, BBQ pork on a stick, sinigang, and a couple of fish dishes my mama ordered.  Oh, yeah....masarap!  The staff are wonderful, and with TFC on the tube, you'll feel like you're at your Auntie's house for lunch.
5	i love filipino food... however, i "love" it only when it comes to my family's cooking.  i'm biased, i know.  every time i eat dishes others have made, i have a tendency to compare it to my family's.  there are only a limited number of ones who come up to snuff.  anywho, this place has just been added to my list.  the food here tastes good.  i visited this restaurant both times i was in vegas.  first visit - we walked in and each were given a cup of hot soup.  there were so many choices of food and all looked so appetizing.  i decided on the bistek and bbq pork on a stick.  those entrees with the rice and a glass of mango juice certainly satisfied me.i revisited the restaurant 3 days in a row during my second trip.  i'm giving it 5 stars for the consistency in the good quality food that they served.  i tried the dinuguan, which was alright, and the pork apritada, which i really really liked.  i was excited to find out that they have 2 other restaurants, both of which are located in socal.  hopefully the food at the other restaurants taste just as yummy.  if not, then i'm gonna have to plan another trip to vegas.  =)
4	When I entered this place I was like OH MY!!! I didn't know what to pick. There was a huge selection of everything that I like. I felt like a little kid in a candy store on Christmas day. I was juz blown away from all these delicious looking food. But anyways I will definitely be coming back here the next time I go back to LV.
4	Love this place. Right when you come through the door youre greeted by the servers. The filipino ladies who work here are really nice & sweet. The bus boy is hella helpful & always ready to clean your table of finished plates and what not. The food is really good and tastes like homemade authentic filipino. solid.
4	Let's start off by mentioning why the minus 1 star.People who are not Filipino will always be like "How the hell do you say the name of the store?", or "WTF?!"Also this place is a bit more expensive then the competing Filipino restaurants around this area.On to the good things, this is a great place to bring someone new to Filipino food. This place is the cleanest compared to the "other" Filipino restaurants neighboring the area. Also they really make the food very presentable. We do eat with our eyes first, and I will admit as a Filipino our dishes really don't LOOK that appetizing. It's like Indian food, they don't look appetizing a lot of times, but really is very good.The staff is very friendly, but that is expected since it is staffed by Filipinos. If you are craving Filipino food check this place out.
4	Decided to give this place a  try after a disappointing lunch at the bibingkahan place. This place definitely outshines the other in a lot of ways.The food tastes way much better. SEasoned right !!!SErvice is friendly and people who works there are nice.Would make this place my go to for Filipino dishes.They also got some Filipino snacks for sale.
4	I''ve been to the ones in Cali, hoping that this was just as friendly and satisfying. Definitely out of two times eating there and a few other cafeteria spots, this is probably the better of what I've tried in the area. I haven't tried any sit down filipino spots, but I think that should deserve a separate category.  Food is nicely seasoned and not too greasy or skimpy on the meats and didnt have a gross amount of meat to fat ratio (this coming from someone who LOVES fat...sometimes its just too much at some joints) . The people who work here are very friendly too. This though is great because many of these dishes take so long and I normally dont want to cook it.  I particularly don't live "very filipino"- I dont have TFC at home, or cook/eat out filipino often or have much flip friends to talk Tagalog with. It's just kinda nice sometimes to be with my people and eat a variety of things from my heritage and watch Woowoowee on the TV. Of course I miss my moms cooking (she is the best cook out of her 13 siblings clan), but going to someplace to eat dishes kinda gives a little bit of that home comfort.  It's small things, but means something....I don't ever want to lose that part of myself that is Filipino.
4	I would say 3.75 stars. I frequent this place for my "to go" lunch plates. They give you a lot of food. The menu is different every day but there are items that you can count on to be in their daily offering. One particular dish that I particularly like is the fried breaded shrimp. They call it camaron rebosado, it is often offered as part of their menu during weekends but you can special order this entree. This is not your typical breaded shrimp with bread crumbs. It is has a fluffier type of breading. It is very good, texture and taste wise. It is accompanied with sweet and sour sauce (Filipino style) and it is best eaten with rice.
4	We had lunch here with a party of 16 flips.....:-). They really took care of us with great food and service!!!! If you love flip food this is the place to go in Vegas.
4	"Wait, you came all the way to Las Vegas to eat Filipino food?!?" - friendDespite all the buffets and cheap eats, I guess my family needed to find some home food.  This place is great!  A little over priced (about the price you pay at Goldilocks) but it's worth it.  A 3-entree rice plate set me back around $7 and for my first and only visit here, I had the Chicken BBQ, Chicken Adobo, and Chicken Afretada.  Normally when I eat another Filipino's cooking, I think to myself "wow this is inferior to my mom's cooking" but quite honestly, this place measures up!One of the workers there even offered to give us more rice and sinigang broth while we were eating, which was really nice of them.I'll be coming back here with my family on our next visit to Vegas, whenever that may be of course, LOL.
4	HUGE selection of food (two counters of food so at least 20-30 different items) and friendly staff. My girlfriend and I came in and only i was ordering food, but she gave both of us a cup of soup. I ordered the Chicken Afritada and Laing. She piled on way more food that would be expected from an average two item plate. The entire meal was about $6 and its around $7 for a 3 item plate. Both were perfectly seasoned and the chicken was juicy and tender. The place is CLEAN and brightly colored. I know that anytime i have a craving I will come back here.
5	This was my first time trying Filipino food. It was delicious! We tried chicken with coconut curry, chicken Kari Kari, chicharron, fried whole tilapia, Adobo pusit, and a banana fried. I wouldn't order the fish again but the rest was great. All that with two soups and rice and 2 drinks cost $21!!
4	For the times my stomach craves for the goood ol' country Filipino food my tongue have grown accustomed to besides the other international cookings my mother, my father and/or our housekeeper cooks for me and my siblings way back then; For the times I would just not get busy in the kitchen making favorite Filipino cuisine, this is my dining home when in Vegas. Why? can not think of anything else nor compare it with other places but it just fills and completes my Filipino food palate's needs! Pluses: This is a  family-friendly, laid-back, fast-food type restaurant. Want to see the interior? see the restaurant's own video on youtube http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mZ9ahwcj5mw&feature=mfu_in_order&list=UL The atmosphere is cordial and conducive to just eating. Sometimes it's filled with diners on peak dining hours and sometimes I dine in with only 2 or three tables occupied. I like that, too, so I can concentrate on my meal and savor it without rushing out (so others can seat and eat on the table I just vacated, so unlike other restaurants). There's televisions to watch Filipino programmed shows or sometimes sports is on the monitor. If not, just eat!It's not hot or cold inside. Guess, it has an A/C and fans swirl around, above from ceiling. Well, I feel comfy while dining, not un-climated.I have dined in the restaurant when "Pork Binagoongan" was on the buffet line (see photos). Other favorites of mine like "Laing", "Pinakbet", "Sinigang", "Kare-kare", "Bicol Express", "Ginataan" are waiting to be had. Well, I stop the enumeration right there because I have many favorites. It could get on and on, including soups and desserts...that said, it would take up so much space here on this page. Any favorites you can think of? Many Filipino food favorites are presented for you to have, to taste. A variety each day. Not the same served on the buffet line everyday. Isn't that exciting? Each time you visit, it ain't the same foods for the day. Finely sliced, scrumptious, well-seasoned and deliciously spiced up meals. They serve breakfast food. Though my regular choices were simple, my breakfast meal is always delightful of Garlic Fried Rice, a double nice sunny-side up eggs and delectable "Longanisa" (sweet and spicy sausage). An array of finger food delicacies and packaged candies or mini-desserts for your sweet fixing need. For just less than $10, a generous choice of 2 entrees in a combination with a heaping, steaming white rice and a small side of soup is a good deal. There are times I get a really good appetite, an extra serving of rice is given free of charge.The buffet line staff are friendly, helpful, and cordial. And they serve with an attentive smile. Although the staff is Filipino speaking, English as you all know by now is spoken by most Filipinos.Food is made fresh daily, hot, and straight from the kitchen.A "to-go" styrofoam box and plastic bag is given when taking home the rest of the meal is an option.There's a bathroom to wash my hands or peruse it for other purpose, you know what I mean.Parking space is abundant outside the restaurant. Choose your space.Un-Plus, but See the Good Side Of It: No wait staff if you are looking for someone to attend to you while you eat. It is a fast food restaurant. What did you expect? A tip is not even expected, unless you were really served by one of the staff. Just don't expect the same Filipino foods made for each day. The buffet line offers you delectable choices that varies each day. Later in the course of the day, the buffet trays are replenished; nevertheless, it's made fresh each time.Back to Plus: The tables are attended to after the diner(s) leave the table by a cordial cleaning attendant resulting in a nice clean table if the diners before you do not clean up after themselves, you know how some people are.Overall, I enjoy my meals and "masarap talaga" (that means, really tastes good!) Mmmmm! Mmmm! Mmm!Here's an event submitted http://www.yelp.com/events/las-vegas-uye-we-salo-salo-filipino-style"Fishballs", 'Taho", "Pancit Palabok" from an episode of Anthony Bourdain http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NdrBQL6gsio"Balut" (Duck Embryo Boiled Egg) & Exotic Foods of Philippines or "Pulutan" http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=akV-ItQQTg0
4	this place reminded me of the old carinderia's in the Philippines. they style of it is "turo-turo" same style as if you went to "Goldilocks" except better tasting =). you get 2 entrees with the rice and if you want they have soup on the side that they offer since Filipino's love to eat rice with "sabaw" or soup. they have plenty of sections from adobo, sinigang, afritad, menudo, almost any popular Filipino dishes they have it. i also got to try a soda that's original from the islands called "Sarsi" does it bring back memories when i was a kid drinking it out of a small sandwhich bag with straw (you guys know what i'm talking about if you grew up there) i would definitely come back on my next Vegas trip. it's nice to be away from the strip once in awhile
1	First off location...not a good area...My wife is Filipina and we eat a lot of filipino food. My favorite is chicken adobo and this selection here was not good. How can a dish made with garlic and vinegar not taste like it had vinegar in it?..Also the overall selection was not good...Don't know how anyone could see this place having a large variety to choose from. My wive had oxtail that looked good but was so over cooked we took to go as we didn't want to throw it away in front of them:). Place was not clean either...Blinds broken and hanging sideways on window and sun shining on windows as u enter show the windows filthy. This is rather a brutal review I know but it is what we experienced. But give it a try and see what u think.
5	Sooo good! Great price, good portions! This may be my favorite place for hearty meals! Such good hearty food choices, I actually thought this was a mexican restaurant, i'm not disappointed it wasn't. Yummy!
3	Lots of selection.  Nice prices.  Great helpings.  Not much in the way of customer service.  It's an adequate hump-day dinner.
4	3 years ago, I moved away from my Filipino family and their amazing traditional meals that I would eat every day. When I'm missing them and missing their food, this is where I come to fill my void. Though it's nothing compared to mom & dad's cooking, it is still good!!! I've been here a few times and though it's about 40 minutes from my house, it's worth the drive for me!! I get sooo much food for sooo cheap!! They have a huge selection of food options. I really like their sinigang and constantly crave their fried chicken skins (omggg yum) and anything they have is pretty good!! I think I might make a trip there today actually - just writing about it makes me hungry!! haha.
5	When I am in the mood(and in the area) for my ethnic food, I like this one. Everything is great. I love the crispy pata. A lot of the food is deep friend and deep fried makes me happy(COMFORT FOOD!). It has been there forever. I just don't care for the area.
5	My familys favorite filipino restaurant in vegas! I eat so much whenever I go here.  They give free soup & A LOT of rice! They have my favorite banana dessert thing called Maruya! I can never find a place here in LA where they serve that :(.  They have a wide selection of filipino food to choose from... from bbq to adobo to menudo and ampalaya.  All the food I've tried is pretty good.  Parking is really easy since they're located in a plaza, and the workers are always so friendly!
5	I'm Filipino and one of my personal rules is, "I don't PAY for Filipino food!" My Mother and Aunties are amazing cooks! If I'm craving kare-kare or lumpia sariwa or adobo or pancit or pinakbet or anything else Filipino, I pick up the phone and call Mom or I make it myself. But..... Ito'y Sariling Atin has made me have to rethink this rule of mine. I had lunch there with family yesterday and it was so yummy! Lots of dishes from which to choose. I was craving kare-kare that day so that was my main dish. My eyes wanted to order so many things but one's stomach can only hold so much. They re-offer rice if you still have ulam. One gentleman had ordered the halo-halo special. Topped with mango ice cream it was huge and looked amazing! That will be the first thing I order on my next visit there! For 5 adults, the total price was $42; very reasonable. (Thanks for treating, Auntie.) Highly recommended.
5	Out of the large amount of Filipino restaurants in Vegas, Sariling Atin's food is just THE best. I've tried a few others, but hands down, this one's my favorite.Don't get me wrong.. I love my parents' cooking, but I think even they would admit their food is delicious. In a one week stay, I think we managed to buy food from them like 4 out of the 7 days. Everything I've tried there is just full of flavor. I've never thought anything was too salty or lacking in something.Cost-wise, I think it costs around $10 or a little for a large sized container of ulam ("dish" in Tagalog.. basically one of the items). They also serve one or two item combos with rice, and they come with soup too (usually nilaga or sinigang). They also sell homemade desserts, sago't gulaman, melon, Sarsi soda, etc.Sariling Atin is where it's at!
4	Filipino server told me about this place and I'm glad he did cause it's right next to my place.  Great little shop and the food was outstanding for filipino fast food.  Got a whole piece of fish with soup, tamarind broth on the side just for my rice, and barbecue, rice, and diniguan.  It was all amazing and fresh and was almost tempted to get a Sarsi root beer as well.  It was also nice to see that the Laker game was on and it wasn't just Filipino Variety shows on TFC.
4	This place is the only Filipino restaurant in Vegas worth going to.  Food is always fresh and dont forget to get the fresh melon juice.  Only only beef I have is that the sinigang soup is not pork but fish, which is nastay.
5	Good place to go if you're looking for Filipino food.  All the dishes that I ordered tasted like the ones from home or at Filipino parties.  Safe place to try if you want to try something different than chow king, jollibees, or goldilocks!
4	When i was in vegas recently, i ate here twice. And the only time come back to a place to eat twice is if their food is really good. Lots of selection and ambience is homey- feels like you're back home in the Philippines. The prices are reasonable too. I will definitely eat here again if i am in the area.
5	So so good. All the chicken dishes are great.
5	I'm not usually on this side of town very often...or at all if you observe my trends.Was here due to the Anime convention over at LVH. After a few hours the hunger set in and walking around LVH my group and i started to notice that choices were quite sparse for lunch options. Hell the diner was closed and they shoveled people next door to the cantina for over priced happy hour. Other than that there was a pizza hut.So i suggested Hot Dog Haus and the group agreed. Drove over and would you believe it...out of business (scene from Return of the Sith where Vader goes 'NOOOOO' and destroys everything in the room). Buddies suggested Ito'y Sariling Atin so i was like sure.Long story short I can not for the life of me pronounce the name of this place or tell you what i ate other then describe it as a beef stew with rice dish but holy hell this place was the greatest bang for the buck and had some AWESOME food.Pictures i'll be sure to take pictures of what i eat here in the future and you guys can help me put a name to it.
4	I'm amazed that there are so many Filipino restaurants in Las Vegas. I always visit this place to escape the "Strip" and give my wallet a rest. I have been going back and forth about rating this place 3 or 4 stars. I have settled on 4 stars since 3 1/2 stars is not an option. By comparison, this place puts all of the Phoenix area Filipino places to shame. They have a wide selection of choices and the prices are reasonable. My review is based on the American palette as opposed to the Filipino palette.Their breakfast menu consists of rice, longanisa, and eggs. I'm not really a fan of the breakfast so I nosh on the Turon. Which is a fried banana with jack fruit rolled up to look like a 8-12 inch eggroll.  The Turon is excellent and I always buy a bunch to go. These are $1 each and easily my favorite Breakfast item.The lunch and dinner options are abundant. I have had the Lechon Kawali, Adobo and Caldaretta. I thought these dishes were OK, nothing to really salivate over.
5	Good food and reasonably priced!!!!
5	One of the best Filipino Restaurant in Town! Great Service, and Really Good Food.... love the Tita's Over there there so friendly... and the guy who clean the table and always gives u a great service when you eat there. ...
4	Great Home style Filipino Food !!!
5	I could never remember the name of this restaurant  every time I asked Pino and Pinay people at work for their favourite Restaurant this one came up but I know it now and in my Humble opinion this is the best Value eating in this town
3	I love Filipino food, and this place has just that.  If you're craving adobo or banana lumpia, stop here and grab a plate to go.
4	It is a turo-turo place. price is reasonable just like in the bay area. they have 1 or 2 item special or you can order a-la carte .we were 6 people so we tasted most of the food they have. the veggies in the pinakbet were crunchy, cooked just right. each of the menu was tasty. lots of selection of Filipino desserts. friendly people. has 2 T.V. in tagalog channels - so u can watch your favorite show. this place maybe walkable if you are staying at LVH.
2	First impression: This place is terrible.First of all let me give you a quick background on me. I am half filipino (from my dad)so I have SOME knowledge about filipino food. The problem is I am also half white and extremely extremely americanized lol. That being said I know the basics of filipino food only from eating at my grandmas house (yummmmmm). However, I cant prononuce anything in tagalog. No accent. By looking at me you cant even tell I am half so obviously coming in they think I'm just some straight up white girl walking into their restaurant. When I walked up to order thats when I realized how rude the lady was. She was completely irritated that I was pointing at certain dishes asking what type of meat it is (i can only point out  loganisa, adobo, annddd sinigang). Other than that I  have nooooo idea. She had an attitude problem and all I wanted was some good food. So this makes me wonder..... do all customers have to have an accent and know the ins and outs of this type of food to come here???? In order to give good service do I have to bring my grandma along. Its not like the lady didnt speak english or didnt understand me. She was just mad that I didnt know what was what. Ruuuuuuude!!!!!!!I would say I would never come back but the only reason this place gets 2 stars is because their halo halo is bomb! I'll come back for that since I know how to say it lolAnyways food was mediocre, Or maybe my granny spoils me. It was a big bowl of oil -_____-
4	HALO-HALO CHALLENGE 2013 - Contender #9"This is our very own." That's what the name of this restaurant, Ito'y Sariling Atin, means.  I know because I asked my mom, who was born and raised in the Philippines, unlike me, who was born in Akron, OH, raised in Cerritos, CA, and have parents who didn't teach me Tagalog.  Now you know, too.As the Halo-Halo Challenge winds down, contender #9 brought us to yet another Filipino fast food place that we've never visited.  One thing Mel and I have learned in this short period of time doing the challenge is that Las Vegas has A LOT of Filipino food restaurants.  We're only going to review ten of them for this go-round, but there are still many beyond that number.  ISA is a "turo-turo" style place where you "point-point" at the food you want, just like those other places where you line up at the counter and can get two or three-item combos with rice. We didn't have any food, but I thought I'd let you know in case you want to eat here.We didn't see halo-halo on the menu, but just ordered it anyway, knowing that they did offer it. The lady behind the counter starting speaking to Mel in Tagalog--uh oh.  When this happens and you don't understand what's being said, you just keep answering in English.  She got the message and finally told us that it would take ten minutes.  Oh, okay.  The price here is $5.25 for the icy dessert and theirs had:Ube ice cream, kaong, azuki, one piece of leche flan, nata de coco, white beans, jam, and chunky ice, again.  What's with the chunky ice?  Challenger #7 also had chunky ice.  I am not a fan of little icebergs in my bowl that I need to stab with my plastic spoon.  No macapuno, langka, ube, or pinipig in this version.Other than the chunky ice, this halo-halo is not too shabby.  It's only missing a couple of ingredients that I prefer to make it one of my favorites so far. HALO-HALO+TURO-TURO=YUM-YUM - 9 down, 1 left!Contender #1:  http://www.yelp.com/biz/elenas-restaurant-las-vegas-2#hrid:66pT_yQvZudRThxlGl74QwContender #2:  http://www.yelp.com/biz/jollibee-las-vegas-2#hrid:ZSJzziWEVLyOF3DHfn1MaAContender #3:  http://www.yelp.com/biz/caf%C3%A9-de-cebu-las-vegas#hrid:5iu3U4zoZWQISOSO7BMsGQContender #4:  http://www.yelp.com/biz/salo-salo-grill-las-vegas#hrid:Wgtkj97v8-l9MnNuyj-QxQ/src:selfContender #5:  http://www.yelp.com/biz/thelmas-filipino-restaurant-henderson#hrid:wzGAlZyBNi1UtDRM0t0oXwContender #6:  http://www.yelp.com/biz/andreas-las-vegas#hrid:idKe5bOeuIwnyzcamgeUDgContender #7:  http://www.yelp.com/biz/chow-king-las-vegas-2#hrid:3FzhPzAaF7_OE6i0Nau5WAContender #8:  http://www.yelp.com/biz/fiesta-filipina-cuisine-henderson#hrid:VLvYgY6ROsMh9q70tmkoHw
5	tasty food, reasonable price, good staff, clean restaurant.
4	If you guys are looking for a freshly cooked filipino dish that is within a budget come to this place. Service is excellent and the place is very clean
3	From reading all the "good" reviews about this place we decided to check it out. The food here was Decent. Nothing great about it. Portion sizes were small. It was also located in the ghetto. Would we go back there? No.
5	Very good service,  they are nice people and the food Is awesome... I love to eat here...
5	This place is better than most places. My hubbie and I had two combos with 2 sides, yema, and two pieces of turon and it was a total of 25 dollars.  Not bad.  When we came in we were greeted by a man who stood there if anybody needed anything.  He gave us napkins while we pointed out what we wanted.  Like most filipino places, they're usually watching some filipino show.  The food was great and it was near our hotel. That's a plus! I finally found a place to eat while we're in town!
2	Ok, let's start off with the food!The food was cheap...very cheap actually. I think the 2 item combos were about $6, and the selection is plentiful. I went with what I knew, and chose the Lechon Kawali, Sisig, and Adobo.The Lechon Kawali was a good meaty version here...not nearly as much fat as the other place I had it at, but the flavor isn't as good here...the benefit of all that fat! It's a catch 22 The Sisig...a little different than I've had. This was a bit more soupy on the bottom, versus a more dried consistency. Good though...just prefer the dried/more fried version myself.And of course, the Chicken Adobo...very tasty and flavorful, but there were tiny little splinters of bone that distracted me from loving the dish. They need to sharpen that Butcher's knife! It was fall off the bone tender though, with a strong soy sauce flavor.  I'd skip this personally.So bang for your buck, this is good food for the money! BUT :I hit the restroom on the way out, and saw DEAD BUGS on the ground...GROSS! So I told myself, at least they are dead...the pesticides must be working right? But now I am worried and start looking around on the ground...noticed a live one walkin around in the middle of the day. Bleh...at least it was after I ate, because I sure as hell didn't have an appetite after that.It was only till after my visit, that I noticed the other Yelper that posted up pics of a bug IN THEIR FOOD.  If I would have saw that, chances are, I would NOT have ate here... Good luck!
4	Came in on our way to the airport to get some deep fried chicken skin and my gf couldn't resist trying their halo halo. She liked the halo halo, chicken skin not so much.Place was pretty busy and the food looked good, maybe next trip we'll try it out.
4	I went here randomly one day, and felt like I was home when I left! Ahh I got Lechon Kawali, Chicken Afretada, Sinigang, Turon, and Sago! All for less than $10! They were so friendly... they made me fresh Lechon! I sat and ate it, reminiscing about my grandmother's cooking! It is a busy place and you can get some good pandesal and desserts there to go as well!
4	Best filipino fast food I've eaten in Vegas.Buffet style setup where you see the food that's already cooked and ready to be served. Customer service is good with a busboy who is very friendly & always cleaning. The biggest downfall is that filipino food is that it's not that healthy for you. Eat responsibly lolTry the Tocino, Fried Pork & anything that they serve. It's as filipino tasting as it gets!
5	Yummy! My favorite place been coming here for 3 yrs now! Everything is good and fresh. I'm a regular ;)
4	I was impressed by this place. I had Filipino food for lunch the day before but that was not good and I was looking for something to fill the void. I checked Yelp and found this place rated high by other people. Higher rated than the other place I went to.If you ever heard someone say to find a good place, find the taxi drivers... this is true! there was about 10 taxi cabs in the parking lot in front of this place.This is not buffet and went here for breakfast. Found breakfast is $3.99 for any "silog" and the amount of food was more than enough. If you are craving anything else, you can order a small size for 3.29 or get there other combo which is not expensive at all.The server was very polite and social, even though she spoke to me in tagalog and I spoke English back.The place is nice... its not fine dining, but its not a "hole in the wall". it was decently clean and can't complain. the had some good dessert items near the register..even an assorted sipin sipin that I plan to go back for before I leave.
1	We didn't enjoy our meal because of loud - mouthed staff. When we asked them to tone it down,  one of them replied that  the restaurant is a public place. How lame is that! !!!.don't come here if you want to have a pleasant meal.
2	What would be my lasting impression of this establishment? In terms of books how about:"Lord of the Flies"Let's go with music. Since we are in Vegas, how appropriate would this be:"Fly me to the moon"I think you all know what I'm getting at. I don't want to hear the excuse, "Since it's an Asian restaurant, it's to be expected.." Well, no. It's not ok. Please, take care of this. Try to think of your customers safety. Thanks. Now, onto the food:2 item combo: ordered the lechon and coconut milk chicken. I thought the lechon was pretty good, the skin was crispy and not chewy, the fat was soft and the meat was pretty tender. I thought the coconut chicken broth was pretty good as well. Unfortunately it was loaded with tiny bone shards and fragments. The rice was slightly over cooked but ok. The soup was ok as well.What's also important to me is the environment I'm eating in. I wish the cleanliness was taken more seriously.
4	We drove for 8 hours and didn't want to eat regular gas food so we decided to give this place a try. It did not disappoint. They have a big selection and friendly and very helpful staff. We ordered the fish sinigang and received one giant fish, chicken tinola, lechon kawaii and calderetta baka. They all tasted fresh and close to what my dad and grandma would used to prepare for us. Husband and kids ate it all. I did order the halo halo and it was quite large with three scoops of ube ice cream. It was around 5 and started to get really busy.
3	The server mostly sometimes are nice, I love the food I'm not going to lie about it but it's kinda crowded.
5	This place is heaven! Wide selection of filipino foods to choose from and the menu is your momma's home-cooked meal.Great food,good price.Plus the staff are awesome! Highly recommended.
4	Im from Jersey and we have some great Filipino food there...BUT daaang this place is AWESOME. Hands down. A must go place. Great AUTHENTIC Filipino food. Fresh and perfectly seasoned. Clean and very friendly people. Open early! Will definitely come back!
4	We found this place by accident thinking we were going to another Filipino restaurant that we visited on our last trip.  Since there were 3 of us and we all wanted to try many foods we ordered 13 items.  It was very cheap, the food was fresh, hot, and very flavorful.The best 3 things were the chicken afritada, the sinam palukan manok, and sinigang miso pompano. Never had them before and quickly fell in love with their rich deep flavor.Can't wait to return to this place and try other items.
2	Went on a trip to Vegas recently, thought we'd stop by to save some money by going to purchase food from here, myself and friends had a real craving for Filipino food since we were completely over the international style buffet we had all been to that week. Food was decent. Prices were slightly too high for the quality and quantity of the dishes.  We ordered 2 rice trays to go boxes of steamed rice. And no it's the Togo boxes your thinking of, the 7x7 box. It was. 3x5 box. Each box was $3.50. I thought that was kinda pricey. Next we got kare kare in a medium container 5.99, and secondly we got caldereta also in medium 5.99. The sizes of the containers looked so small. Like I mentioned earlier portions were small for the price. But blehh,food was okay. Nothing screamed ouuuu I have to come back for this.Worst of all, the overall experience was just ehh. The ladies behind the counter were just  rude. Simple questions were easily not answered, and right before we left we asked for 4 sets of utensils for the food we just purchased and the response of one of the ladies is " we don't give utensils", and I said I just saw the lady rolling up utensils in the napkin. She replies that's only for the people who buy combo! Holy crap seriously it's not like we didn't buy any of your overpriced food already. It wasn't till we left I saw Thai bbq, I would of so went there instead -_-
3	Yelp's 365 Review Challenge 2014  #291 - #365We were staying at Encore and my cousin's were craving some authentic Filipino food. They heard from a friend how good this restaurant was so off we went. The area is pretty bad located just East of the Stratosphere Hotel, I didn't have any bad experiences with the  neighborhood, so that's a plus. It seemed like your run of the mill Filipino restaurant that you'd see in any other US city. Food here was meh. They didn't have a lot of selection and most of their hot trays were empty so we were stuck with few options. On the bright side, they did have crispy pata ready to be cooked. I didn't know how much the plate cost because I didn't pay, woot!If I had a choice, I'd rather go to China Town and have some Thai or Vietnamese food.
5	OMG!!! I love this place! I ate everything in one sitting!!! It was so good.  My best friend is Filipino and I love her moms cooking but I'm sorry, but hands down I will eat at this place everyday!  I will go to Vegas just eat here.  I don't know what I got but it was very delicious and I loved the ube dessert.
4	Absolutely love this Filipino restaurant. Their okoy is delicious. Usually served on Mondays, I would recommend calling in before going in if you'd like to see if they will be serving the particular dish you want. Their kare kare is bomb they give plenty of bagoong, they're good at filling up your plate with food. Some of the food you will see here are usually; soup (sinigang), lechon, menudo, okoy, kare kare, barbeque, tilapia, vegetables, turon, halo halo,ube, ube filled bread, pan de sal, biscuits, cantaloupe juice, and Filipino sodas (sarsi, orange soda). I order for here and to go. The prices are reasonable and well worth it. It is very similar to a pinoy pinay or DJ bibingkahan, where the food is already made and kept warm. The staff keeps the tables and the restaurant clean. The bathroom is also clean. There are booths and tables for customers to sit. There is always plenty of room to eat here. I have not seen it crowded before, you won't have trouble finding a seat. There is usually plenty of parking as well.
