1	I contacted MWP after our previous service went out of business. They've been in the area for a long time.  The owner came out and gave me an estimate for maintaining the pool.  Soon after, they wanted us to completely drain the pool and put in fresh water. Done at a $$ cost. They said that the new pool start-up would be at no cost - then charged an additional $125. Owner claimed driving, chemicals, etc. (The company is less than 2 miles from my house).  Each time after the employee would leave, the water would still be dirty, debris on the bottom, algae, etc. I called and emailed photos - the company responded "...it will be OK, don't worry." When I returned from a trip, the pool was filthy and the water smelled like a pond. The filter cartridges were so dirty there was not enough pressure to operate the spa jets or in-floor jets. When the employee came the next time, I watched what they did - spread shock - and used a leaf rake on the bottom of the pool. No brushing - no vacuuming, nothing. I told the company I wanted a refund of our money. No response. So, I called AMEX to chargeback the fees. There you have it. I'm sure I'll hear from them now.
1	Dear Bill Griffin:I have photos from each time your 'technicians' cleaned the pool. If you'd like, I can post them? You should also stick with the facts that concern you. I've used the same water hauling company for years - never with any issues - nor did I need to reverse any charges to them. They provided their service as promised.You should be glad I haven't filed a claim against your contractor's license for the cost of the 40,000 gallons of water that leaked into the desert because one of your 'technicians' TWICE pushed the auto-leveler to a position where it constantly ran - overflowing the trough on the negative edge.Or I could post the voicemail that you left me that was nothing short of being personally derogatory.Bottom line? Your company provides poor service and even worse customer service.
1	This company was a nightmare to work with. They initially started the work on the pool replaster and spa addition promptly, in order to collect the first two payments, but that is when the work pretty much stopped. Nothing got done for weeks. When work was done, it was unsupervised, and thus some things needed to be redone multiple times to get them done right, such as moving the PVC pipe covered utilities away from the pool, where the workers had placed them sticking 3 feet up from the ground, right next to the spa. It took two times before they placed behind the fountain where they could not be seen. They also had problems tiling the fountain backsplash, and when they had to tear it up, they put all their garbage in my recycling bin. Fortunately I noticed it, as I am sure I would have been fined by city of Scottsdale  had I not. He very reluctantly came to empty the can, and seemed to think it was quite unreasonable for me to ask for him to do that. The last straw was when they dug the gas line. He did not supervise or use a locator service and when I returned from my trip, I found power outages all aver the house. Turned out that they had hit an electrical conduit, and damaged it so severely that it pulled wires out of the wall on a sub panel. Then instead of owning up to it, they covered it up. Bill of course was right there trying to collect his final bill before this damage was discovered. I refused to pay it at the time because the yard was left a total mess. When he saw the electricians in the yard, he was acting very nervous, and told them that they did not  do anything. It took 3 electricians hours to locate the damage, and when they did, he refused to take any responsibility initially what so ever. I however had all the proof I needed, and eventually he paid about $1,300.00 of a $2,100.00 bill. If you are thinking of getting any pool work done, stay away from this company!Anita C.
1	among all the issues we had with this company, the most disappointing was mr. griffin's response to our request to complete the project. somewhat of a pay me first and i will be done with you when i am ready to attitude. my thought was that mr. griffin could have just picked up the final payment when the job was complete.  turns out that mr. griffin actually owed us money.  no apology, no rush, no thank you for spending 30K with my company... no way i would recommend this company to anyone.
1	BUYER BEWARE  This pool company doesn't deserve a single star. I wish I would have seen the reviews before we gave him our business. Every review that has been written is true. We had this worthless company build our pool, he must hire anybody off the street corner. He started the pool in January. He promised the pool would be done in March then May, it wasn't finished until July. We had a waterfall built, It collapsed after the first time we used it because of a major leak. He tried to blame it on a irrigation line that didn't exist. We now have another leak, he denied there was a leak for the first two weeks and it has been three weeks since we told him and it's still leaking. There are cracks all over the wall of the pool. We asked for a statement of the work that is being done and his response was "when I'm done, asked him again and he ignored us. Told him there is a Large crack at least 1/2 inch wide in the wall of the spa and we have not heard from him.  The cracks in the deck are so large that when he tried to fill them it just seaped into the ground. He patched the cracks only to have water come out of the same crack. He leaves them unpainted. Our pool is brown with white and gray patches all over. Our travertine decking that we sit on has cracks all over it. Always has an excuse and it is never his fault. SAVE YOUR MONEY RUN THE OTHER WAY. In our opinion this man should not be in business.
