5	Best pizza and wings in Youngtown area!
3	My husband and I decided to try Nino's last night. I got a dozen medium wings and a medium peperoni and mushroom pizza. The pizza - it was good. the crust was thin, but chewy and a bit underdone. it had lots of peperoni and few mushrooms. It tasted good, but not the best pizza I ever had. I would say its better than pizza hut and domino's, but not better then Grimaldis (although the prices are comparable.) The wings - they were big juicy and good, i just wish they had been crispy. I will probably go back. Being from Philadelphia, I was excited to see that they had cheesesteak on the menu. Until next time.....
5	Great location,great pizza, great service, a very enjoyable lunch!
3	My mom & sister go here every weekend so being new to town I've joined in the tradition. All the gals working here are very friendly and the service is great. They offer have size pitchers which is nice when you don't want to order a whole pitcher or just a single beer. The decor will keep you busy for hours reading all of the witty signs behind the bar. Pizza and wings are their top sellers, but next time I'm there I'd like to try the "Hot Nino's Alive Roast Beef Sandwich" and jalapeno mozzarella sticks.
4	First time I've ordered here.  Pizza was ready to pick-up (no delivery) in 15 minutes.  Was ready on time, with a very nice woman behind the counter.  The "every week customers" that were looked me up & down as if I was appying for a job.  Didn't feel very welcome but again, the employee was super nice.  Got home to check out the goods and right away I see the most grease I have ever seen on a pizza.. not necessarily a bad thing ;) my husband loves that, its just not my thing.  Once I wiped that off I noticed the crust was so thin & foldable, just like I like it.  Sauce was light, also my fave!  And the perfect amount of cheese & seasonings.  Overall, loved it!  For a 16 inch cheese pizza (see pic) with tax it was just over $14.  Slightly more expensive than the average pizza place but the pizza was better than the average pizza place too!  Will definitely be ordering from here again :)
5	The Colorado boys love the pizza and wings. The service can't be beat..best neighborhood bar on west side.
4	Best pizza I have had in the West Valley!  And the wings....damn good!
4	Nino's is a one of those places you hear about, want to go & give it a try and drive past it over and over again until the stars line up right and the soccer team you are playing on is sponsored by Chrissy's Nino's Pizzeria!! How crazy is that?!It's a fun place to go for some beers, small pitchers are available :-), wings and pizza. The pizza is tasty and will fill you up, no mater how you want them to cut it for you! The wings are spot on with flavor and meat...some of the biggest wings I've seen in a restaurant ever!! They've got a pretty decent menu and does cater to those who are watching their figure more than the average soccer player with hearty salads!! They do have desert for the kids and enjoy having kids in the shop. I think the kids get a bigger kick out of going after Saturday night soccer than anyone!Go sit for a spell, have a few beers, grab some hot wings and a couple slices of pie! Great place to chill and watch life go by for a bit on Olive & 99th Avenue!!
4	Due to some unforeseen circumstances, our group of vacationers found ourselves in Sun City on the first night of our trip. Hungry and not knowing what was around, Bf & I decided to walk to the nearest place offering food and grab something for everyone.Nino's was our kind of place. The pizzas were already ready, but when we saw it was a bar (and there was an exciting game on tv), we decided everyone could wait while we had a mini-date and made the best of the situation. The bartender was super friendly, especially since we were both clearly from out-of-town and Nino's seems like a very very local spot. We enjoyed our beer and headed home. The pizza was soooo good, thin crust and cheesy slices. We were dumb for not ordering a third. Thanks Nino's!
3	This little spot is locally owned and indie, that's a big plus.  They're also a Coke place (not Pepsi) another plus. We ordered a take out pizza with four toppings (tomato, onion, sausage, black olive).  The toppings were generous and tasty and the pizza was hot and cheesy.  It was a little skimpy on the tomato sauce, though. The crust was thin with good texture, but sadly it didn't have much flavor. Service was fast, tattooed, and friendly. Nino's looks like it's been there forever; it's a nondescript spot in the middle of desolate 99th and Olive.  It's got a bar, some locals, and maybe 8 tables.  Since it's so small, I find it ridiculous that they charge a 50 cent take out fee.  It's essentially a take-out place! Granted it's only 50 cents, but charging customers for not eating there seems like bad business and will make me rethink giving them another try.Hon and I have been cheaping out on Basha's pizza, we loved the low price but got tired of the inconsistent quality.  Nino's was good, but it wasn't great. We might try it again because the locally owned/indie thing counts for a lot.  But Mr. Nino, seriously, dump the take out fee.
4	This place is small and normally not a place I would even check out but it is local so we took a chance. We were greeted right away and found a table. Super nice waitress working. We ordered wings, pizza, and a cheap pitcher of beer and it was awesome! Best pizza I had in a long time. The garlic wings were fabulous with chunks of garlic stuck to them. We stayed there for over 2 hours just eating and enjoying the company. I will totally be back! I can't wait to take my daughter there too!
4	Ownership of the remote control is a right of passage at this west valley establishment. Whether you are looking for Marquette women's hoops or Chevy Chase's European Vacation, (do you want that in the can? No, I'll take it right here) there is no problem finding what you want to watch - at any volume. You'll find some salt of the earth types here whose children have the deck stacked against them as well as bi-coastal food snobs.... talk about eclectic. Anyway--let's talk food. Pizza- a little oily but tasty. Not east coast style, but we're in the middle of the desert so that's understandable. The wings will stack up against the best of the west, just make sure you eat em while they're hot. If you are in the mood for another option, leave immediately. Signage - classic. "It's 5oclock somewhere!"  Or "beer, 24hrs in a day & 24 beers in a case. Coincidence... I think not!"  Urinal- the highest one in North America.If you're a dude, the degree of difficulty breaks up the monotony of relieving oneself. If you are a chick who happens upon the men's room urinal, you'll chuckle at the Hanoi Jane sticker that has resided there for decades. Service - cute & helpful. 2 thumbs up. Net: get to Nino's if you are west of PHX. Decent pizza beer & wings. That's all. But don't go to Belmar.
4	Pizza is great and the wings are huge. I came in on a Thursday night to pick up dinner and they were slammed. The girl working the counter was running her ass off and yet she took the time to make sure she was couteous to everyone. We will be back.
2	Very friendly and fast to welcome guests.  Pizza was decent a bit chewy and burnt. Was excited to try the wings after reading reviews. Very Disappointed, I ordered the hot wings and they were extremely dry and lacked in heat. I would say the wings were the worst I have tried in a long time. Don't plan on returning again. If the food matched the staff this could be a great place.
5	Best wings in the valley my favorite place to go for wings and beer. Great atmosphere owners are great people staff is great
5	Today Nino's earned their fifth star. I had them at a solid 4 but the fifth was earned rightly. It's not that I was on the fence but I will have to elaborate a little further for this to make any sense.To start off, the food here is very good. I haven't had anything other than their pizza and wings but I think any place that pins themselves as a pizza joint can be measured by those two alone so I am going to roll with it. The pizza is simply flavorful and fresh. The crust is crunchy and not oily while the cheese is delicious and all of the toppings we have had were equally of good quality. We have been there a few times now and I was waiting to see if there was ever any variance which sometimes happens in smaller joints like this, but the quality has been very consistent. The wings are different. I don't know how else to say that because they aren't the usual fried wing slathered in the sauce of your choice. I actually don't know how they do it but they are crispy and for the most part dry with the flavor of wing sauce still there. It's almost as if they put the wings in the sauce then fried them thus baking in the flavor. It is the only place I have had wings like this and frankly it is good. My wife is the one who, upon our first visit to Nino's, threw down 10 in one sitting. Let's just say she is a fan because she rarely eats more than 3 wings from any other pizza joint. They aren't my favorite but they are definitely good. I am going to give them points for originality in this category which doesn't happen very often.The facility itself is a simple little corner spot right on 99th and Olive. Nothing special other than I would say location probably gets them some pretty good exposure. Walk in, register and the bar with a few televisions on the right, and tables all along the left. Very small town feel in a big city. Wood paneled wall and a NASCAR trinket here and there as well. I haven't been enough to identify the patrons at the bar each time but I get the feeling this place has its regulars. And now to that fifth star. It comes down to the staff, really. I had a request for a quarter of the pizza to not have pizza sauce due to allergies in the family (to tomatoes, not pizza sauce itself, silly). At first I was put off because the person on the phone acted like that was the most outlandish request they had ever heard. I have never been to a place that couldn't do it so I was a little surprised when he sounded like this was difficult. But the kudos comes for the result. They figured it out. There were 2 slices with just dough and cheese and the recipient was delighted they could pull it off. I could have gone two ways with this I think. This could have been a negative for a fairly normal task being made in to such a big deal. But I am going to side with the cook here. He may never have done such a task before, but he stepped up and did it which is why we will be going back for more pizza and wings for as long as they are slinging them.
1	The worst pizza and wings I have ever tried. We decided to try it after a friend said the one on 59th was really good. The wings were so dry no sauce, my husband took them back! The pizza didn't even taste like pizza but it as well was not pleasing! Never again!
4	We were looking for a place to have a cold beer and pizza, but our usual spots were swamped, because of the Cards game, and we live very close to the stadium. We happened upon Nino's which we've seen often in the neighborhood, but have never stopped. What a find! Close to home, small, cozy, and a mellow crowd. TV's all broadcasting the series, football, and NASCAR. Plus, the pizza was yummy, the beer was cold, and it took just 3 minutes to drive home.
5	Will come every time in town, really wish there was a place like this in my home town . Super good food and cold beer!
