5	Jen is incredibly talented, easy to work with, and keeps everything running on schedule. My pictures are beautiful and her prices are really reasonable! She shoots in a creative, photojournalistic style with some more formal poses (family photos, etc) if you want. Highly recommended!
5	Hear ye, hear ye! It's about time that Jen gets a 5 star rating from this amateur photog.I have been to two yelp events that Jen has attended as the resident photographer (of course all of the #picstitchers and #instagrammers also come out of hiding at these events - myself included, but let's be real, we aren't real photographers). Long story short, Jen takes beautiful photos. Any photographer can take beautiful staged photos, but it takes a true photographer to capture her subjects' raw emotions on film, and Jen does just that! I always look forward to her event albums and the silly candid photos. (: ...By the way, did I mention that Jen also takes the most wonderful close-ups of food?! Seriously, I could eat her photos up. :QBeyond that, Jen is very gracious and professional. I wouldn't hesitate to work with her in an actual photo session. Thanks for sharing your work with us, Jen!
5	I might be one of the least photogenic people out there... It's like all my friends decided to wait till my least glamorous moments, took a picture and then posted it all over Facebook. Given that, I never thought I could look good munching on a burger with one hand while trying to simultaneously down a drink with my other. Ok, I'll admit, it's probably not a pretty sight, but for whatever reason, Jen made it work.Having been to numerous Yelp events where Jen was the resident photographer, be assured that you'll look good no matter what you do. The hard question is which new photo to make your profile picture.Her photos are absolutely amazing, and I would recommend everyone to check them out. She's also an awesome person in general, so really, it's a win-win.Thanks for the great work Jen!!
5	I used Jen as my photographer for my wedding at the Overture Center in August of 2013. And she was a joy to work with! She was very responsive to emails and calls, and had nice suggestions for locations and photo poses. Her price is very fair and she was very accommodating about meetings time and photo locations. Jen came to Chicago for our engagement photos and helped me plan several nice locations to shoot at. The engagement photos turned out great! For our wedding she had a detailed schedule to work from and kept us on track all day. She had a second photographer with us all day so no moments were missed. We were so happy with the photos, they were beautiful. She really captured the emotion of the day and there were many great candid photos as well as some portraits. I like all of the photos so much I am having a hard time narrowing it down for our photo album. Jen gave us all the photos on a usb drive and through an online site that family and friends can use. I would definitely use Jen as a photographer for future events!
