5	The boy and I come here almost every week for a spinach and cheese roll. Since we come here so much they know exactly what we order every time, it's actually kinda cool. Their rolls are wonderful, I def recommend them if you are in the area. They also have the soda's with real sugar!
5	Can't go wrong with a Macini's pepperoni roll.Need a quick cheap lunch?  Would you also like said lunch to be homebaked, delicious, and warm?  Yeah, who doesn't?  If you answered yes to these questions then make haste.  Mancini's pepperoni rolls are the gold standard.  I'm done here.**Edit**Now that I've had the roast beef and cheddar roll dipped in a thick spicy horseradish sauce I feel I must upgrade from 4 to 5 stars.One of the best quick lunches in all of Pittsburgh.
5	The pepperoni rolls are great, I could have one almost every day.  Oh ya there bread is pretty good, too.
5	I absolutely love this location. I was in a bind the other day and needed a last minute pepperoni roll tray. I showed up around lunchtime to attempt to order one, and they were able to accomodate my request by 4pm. I ran over after work to pick it up and still made it to my party on time. I'm sure that on a really busy day it would have been more difficult for them to make this happen, but I really appreciated their helpfulness. And of course, the pepperoni roll was absolutely delicious as always.I try not to over indulge on bread, but with Mancini's bread, this is difficult. Always baked to perfection, it's such a step up from other breaderies in the area. The italian loaf is always fluffy and just a little crispy around the edges, and they always have a variety of breads to choose from, depending on your mood.The really lovely thing about this location is that you can also nab a Prantl's treat while you pick up some bread. What could be better?
1	Not sure how the bread is, but the service was terrible. They are not doing me a favor by waiting on me. Very much did not appreciate the fact that there was no willingness to assist me. Will not be going bing them a second chance.
