3	Trying to find good spots to be productive around the city... this one is in Matthews in the Mintworth shopping center at the corner of HWY 51 and Independence.  There are plenty of other stores around so its pretty well located if you are on the run to Costco or BestBuy.Good size location, but not that many tables to sit down and spread material out. The staff is friendly and were having a lot of conversation with regulars that come in.
2	This Starbucks is consistently very, very slow. I've been here several times and have often waited up to 10 minutes for a drink. Since I'm not normally in a big hurry, I'm not bothered, but what does turn me off is that this location is frequently quite dirty. Tables are un-wiped and there are crumpled straw wrappers and napkins all over the tables and floor. Chairs strewn about the entire seating area.The drinks are fine.
1	Always people smoking right by front door.  Avoid this Starbucks!
3	This is a fairly typical Starbucks. It's conveniently located if you're out and about in Matthews, and the staff is pretty friendly and efficient.If you're looking for a place to study or work, I'd go elsewhere. This is a small location with limited seating, and as a result, it gets quite crowded and noisy at peak times.
2	I try to avoid this location as much as possible, but it's one of the only Starbucks close to my Thursday commute. They service is SLOW. The employees are friendly, but so many other locations have their service down to a science. Bring a book or your cell phone in. You'll be waiting a good 5 to 7 minutes if there's a line.
4	This Starbucks location is staffed by great employees.  The review is because we have gotten such friendly service on a consistent basis.  My husband and I are usually stopping here on the weekends after dinner.  Even if we are coming in pretty late, we are always greeted with a smile and get a great beverage.  This location's manager is doing a great job with the store and her staff!
4	I love this Starbucks and am a regular. I typically get a skinny iced caramel macchiato (which is simply outstanding). Moreover, I have always found the baristas to be very friendly. On the downside, it can get cramped and noisy during peak hours.
4	Love Starbucks. The staff here is always nice. The space is tiny. My only complaint is that they flipping discontinued Salted Caramel!?!? It's as simple as keeping salt on hand! So.... I've been going to an in-store location so I can get the salt packets from whatever eatery is nearby. They have tried to convince me it won't taste the same, but it absolutely does.
5	I love coming to this Starbucks. The staff are amazing and for some crazy reason all their drinks taste better then other starbucks that are local. Love it!
