1	Ehhhhh.That's the sound of me not being impressed.The only 2 things going for this place are the location, and the price. Being March, Spring training is in full swing, and being close to the ballparks hotel prices are more than doubled right now. Sooo, being frugal I booked this place because it's close to a golf course I'm playing this week, (wigwam, litchfield park) and I don't want to drive 30 minutes or more every morning back and forth in case there's traffic. The rundown: Rock hard beds. Crappy floppy pillows, only 1 sheet and a 30 yr old comforter. This is the killer! Who wants to go to a hotel, where most of the time spent in the room is gonna be at night sleeping, and have a really really crappy bed???? not this guy...The towels feel like a gently used sandpaper, the carpet and wallpaper have been here since WW2 (joking) and the tiny old TV only has about 15 channels, most are crap. i.e. no NBC!  Who doesn't carry NBC???Booked on Hotwire. It's definitely not a 2 star hotel like they mentioned, but like I said, prices were ridiculous everywhere else. $125+ for a 2.5 star for 4 nights? Woulda been worth it after staying at this place
2	It's your standard budget motel. Keep your expectations appropriate, and you won't be disappointed. It's a $50 a night type of place.That said, it's proximity to the various MLB spring training complexes make this is an ideal spot if you're looking for a place on the cheap. We stayed here and were just a short hop from the Camelback complex in Glendale and a little bit longer to the complex in Surprise. If you're a Brewers fan, the Maryvale complex is just a mile and a half down the street.We paid $74 a night, and felt it was about right. It's more appropriately priced at $50 a night, but this is spring and given their location, no surprise obviously. These rooms always earn a three-star rating from me. This time it's just two, however. Their WiFi is annoyingly slow and inconsistent. Only 1.0mbps down and up. Bigger problem is that there's clearly lots of interference on their routers causing the connection to constantly drop. Fortunately I was just on FB and Twitter and not needing to Netflix -- probably would've been real irritated if that were the case.So if you can live with spartan accommodations and crappy WiFi in between your spring training games, this is the place for you.
3	For what we were looking for this hotel was exactly what we needed. Like another reviewer said, it's your standard budget motel. The accommodations are a bit dated, but by no means were they aweful. Two friends and I booked a room to attend Phx Comicon, making our room about $23 each for one night-- which is all we needed this time around. The beds and pillows were exactly what we were looking for after a long day on our feet and the continental breakfast the following morning was super nice because the manager was attentive and friendly.The room was dated, as I said before, but it was clean. No outside noise, and theA/C kept the room stayed super cool throughout the night (to the point that we actually had to shut off the A/C so that we wouldn't freeze lol) And Wifi was decent depending on the device being used.Very much worth it for what we needed: a place to sleep, close enough to the Phx convention center, and a free breakfast.
