4	Oh how easy it would be to diss the USPS. What with all the "gone postal" stories we've heard. But I have to say, not only are the little uniforms hot....I mean really... those cute little black socks many of them wear....HELLO!!!I"ve learned many things at this particular location.Agnes' husband Leanord cannot stand in line with her because he has horrible arthritis in his knees. So he sits while she stands. Lovely. Agnes has bad breath. Sorry. She just did. Fancy lady enters, while dozens of us are waiting in line, thinking of starting a game of Twister, when Fancy lady buds in front of everybody "cuz she's in a hurry". Really. Cuz we all got nothing else to do Missy.And one nice man used to collect stamps "the old fashioned kind", until "they came out with the kind you can't lick!"...yes...he said that!But. These folks know when to add clerks and everyone is very helpful and friendly. Perhaps they are eating healthy food and drinking Naked Juice from Fresh n Easy next door. Licking or no licking. This location is purrrrfect for me. And even though I appreciate being asked if I want the special Star Wars stamps, I say HELL NO...I'm waiting for the Hello Kitty collection. Hello???!!!? Peace out yelpitas. You rawk my chain Mary!
4	Jonathan is so sweet.  Who likes to stand in line at the PO? Not me!  But Jonathan is always so polite and friendly...he makes the wait endurable!
3	For a post office, this location is pretty good. I've been a few times and even when there's a line, the wait isn't too bad. Getting there early helps, of course, but the staff seems a little more interested than other locations in keeping things moving at a decent pace.I wish they had one of those stamp vending machines to help save time, but I don't mind going to Safeway or Walmart if I only need a sheet of stamps.
4	Had to ship out a package, like any other post office. It's a hit and miss with traffic in the parking lot, and lines to be served. Luckily, only had a few cars in the parking lot. Not that many people inside. Customer service was very helpful, and got me out very quickly.
1	There are many instances that have forged my opinion of this location, but this is the last straw.This is ridiculous.  Checked my mailbox the evening of December 1, 2014 at 8:00pm.  I retrieved my letters and the package box key, indicating that I received a delivery too large to fit in my box.  When attempting to retrieve the package, the key would not work and the lock would not open.  I thought possible because of the colder weather the lock was stuck, so I even sprayed lubricant on the key and lock to attempt to coax the lock to open.  I called the 1-800-ASK-USPS and confirmed their offices were already closed, so I made a point of contacting them the following morning at 8:30am (December 2, 2014).  I spoke with a representative and received the local phone number for this location (Phone 602-235-9189 and Fax 602-235-9319) and instructed to contact them regarding the issue with  the key not working to the large package boxes at my condo.When calling the phone number they provided the line just rings and rings.  When someone does finally answer, they sit on the phone or just hang it right back up, as if I can't hear them.I am not deaf, I am not calling on a TTY line.  I tell them I can hear them when they do pick up but still no response.  One of the instances they just took it off the hook and sat the phone down.I am not use to such horrible service from government employees.  Despite what I have heard of others experiences, this is a new one for me.All I need to do is notify my carrier that the box keys don't work, but instead of just being able to relay that message, I am met with dead air on a phone line.I can't even retrieve my packages from the box and with their now shortened hours, it makes it almost impossible to reach them before they close.  I am a working, taxpaying American.I work 7am to 4pm and with my job being more than 20 minutes from the office, how likely am I to get service from their counter clerks?  DoubtfulWhy is this so hard and why don't you subscribe to QUALITY and CUSTOMER SERVICE?  This is RIDICULOUS, CALAMITOUS AND SAD!!!
1	Beyond worse customer service ever experience! Instead of customer service and assisting a struggling customer. Although were concerned about was following protocols and not helping the customer feel welcomed nor assisting the customerwhen the customer was clearly struggling. The manager and the assistanttalk down on the customer verbally attacking the customer . Basically making the customer feel like they were doing them a favor.  I will never go back to the post office again. Nor will ever use the United States Post Office service again.  They have lost my business and respect I will be using UPS or FedExfor any future needs.
