5	The burger and fries were great!  Pretzel bun made the burger stupendous.  The staff was friendly and attentive.  The place was a great atmosphere for a nice dinner with good conversation.  I would recommend to anyone that wants a good time and good food.  Check it out.
5	Wow!!! Had the hamburger and "Hog" wings and they were awesome!! Came back later to see a full show of music videos, bartenders shooting flames and dancing! I will be back over and over again!! What a breath of fresh air for us westsiders!!
1	Place was dirty. Beer selection was not exciting. Food was meh, and overpriced. Not somewhere I'd take my family, or a date to.
5	This place is awesome totally worth the drive. The bartender is hot! And Haas is awesome. They took care of a drunk customer that was bother us and got us a round! This place takes care of its people! The food is really good too. We had the wings and fries YUM!
5	After giving the Draft House one of the worst reviews I've ever written, I decided to check out Cock Diesel, which has opened in the same building. I was pleasantly surprised. My GF and I sat at the bar and were immediately greeted by the bartender. I ordered a domestic draft. My GF was pleased by the selections of IPA's offered and was pleased with her selection. We only stayed for two beers as we were not planning on going out, we just noticed that they were opened while driving by.Update...Came back today with my son and his GF for lunch, since I had a very good experience last night. They have a very limited menu, which is understandable for a place only open a few days. They had the Diesel Burger and I had the Grilled Cheese. I won't go into specifics, but both were excellent and I would not hesitate to order them again. The owner and his wife came by to check up and make sure everything was to our liking. They both seemed to care about the success of the business and I do believe this place will prosper. He told us live music (country) will be starting shortly. We're looking forward to that.
1	1) Venue does not fill pitchers to the top. When we asked them to, bartender refused.  Quote "this is how we're trained to fill pitchers" rather then satisfying a customer. Not to mention attitude. This business just opened and is not willing to make customers  happy. 2) we showed up a little before 9 and was informed that the kitchen  closes soon. Definite con. Most bars we go to have the kitchen opened until at least 12. Alcohol makes people hungry and the previous business at this location had the kitchen opened later. 3) asked the waitress what the specials were, waitress stood there with no clue and said I don't  know. So evidently staff needs more training or know how to engage/respond to customers
1	Short staffed, long time waiting for service. Although our server was friendly and apologized for the long wait, She was not knowledgable on specials or products. After ordering 4 pitchers with a group of friends and realizing a trend that they do NOT fill them all the way to the top, I asked the bartender to please top it off and she refused saying it's not their policy and she knows what she is doing. You should be able to get 4 full pints out of a pitcher, but this was not the case.  This is maybe not a huge deal to some, but it's ripping people off and the fact that they didn't want to fix the situation, was upsetting. You order a 64oz pitcher, you should get 64oz!
