5	Admittedly, my French is quite bad, but as far as I can tell, Lapin Presse seems to have nothing to do with rabbits or newspapers, but rather grilled cheese (hence the "grillcheeserie" tag line), coffee and hipsters. And it delivers on all three accounts. The grilled cheeses are creative and super  tasty, and much less oily than others I have had in what seems to be the city of grilled cheese. They have a few other things to go with your grilled cheese, like a soup of the day and some greens, all equally good. The coffee is roasted by Novo of Denver, Colorado - which seems strange given the proliferation of high quality local and Canadian roasters (Saint Henri, Cafe Rico). The stuff is good even if high on the carbon footprint calculator (but hey, all coffee is)...and they know what to do with it. And it is always nice to be in the presence of hipsters. Also predictably, the space is really well designed and the music they play quite tasteful.  The quarters are quite tight and might make for a cozy stay in winter, but in summer it feels cramped and hot. But the positive on that regard is that it feels satisfyingly busy with just a few people in the place.
4	A friend was raving about the coffee at Lapin so I ventured out into the strange snowy Montreal afternoon today to sample their wares. After having read Judd's review I felt compelled to write as he mentioned finding it strange that they used coffee from Colorado. Indeed that IS odd! Well, Lapin Presse now uses (exclusively, from the look of it) local Saint Henri coffee in-house and they sell it by the pound as well. It is a smooth and mellow roast - in both the caffeinated and decaff varieties. I also sampled a warm grilled buttery banana bread full of walnuts and raisins that was scrumptious. And although I went for the coffee my friend recommended the Gruyere & Onion as well as the Bacon & Cheddar grilled cheese sandwiches. To be honest I find ordering a grilled cheese (unless on the road when you can't make your own) bizarre unless it's a truly special kind of bread or cheese as they are so easy to make at home. If coffee or tea isn't your thing, they also had a selection of Fentimore's Botanically Brewed Soda's ("Dandelion & Burdock" looked strangely enticing and a hot apple cider that sounded like a remedy for the April-and-its-snowing-blues.The only downside I could see would be a feeling of claustrophobia that might set in if the cafe was packed...it's THAT cozy a space. But on a quiet day with only a few people inside working away on their computers, it was just right.
5	A grilled Cheeserie???? Yes effing please.Everything i tired was amazing. The grilled cheese sandwiches, the teddy bear coffees, the iced lattes. This place is awesome. After going here once, this is all i want to eat for breakfast every day.A friend left his phone here and the staff posted it to his facebook wall as a status update. Thought that was funny and genius. Makes for good laughs and memories.p.s great play on words for the name.
4	Comfortable and cute cafe on a lovely street! I had an espresso and an Americano (I know). The espresso was creamy and smooth; the Americano similarly pleasant though slightly too diluted. Also had a grilled cheese with cheddar, onion, and a nice soft egg. While I understand you could make this at home, I'm on vacation and it was a great simple breakfast, not too greasy and on crisply pressed bread. I'm a fan.
4	Best latte I've ever tasted. Grilled cheese are delicious, but everything is a bit pricey.
4	I really like this spot! It's cute and cozy and seriously who doesn't need a grillcheese every once in a while. Wifi is fairly reliable-it's just the city network. Clean and bright. Pretty good staff. Very bilingual. There is a surprising amount of space considering how small the square footage is. Having said that though, I'm sure you could easily run into a situation in which you have no place to sit. Just take it to go and head to the park. I'm giving four stars instead if five for totally picky things like a restroom crowded with boxes and cleaning supplies, and the fact that they really need to hang some art up in the back. Or mirrors. That space is so claustrophobic... Also, they should serve toast. There is a whole ARTISANAL TOAST revolution, I think these guys could pretty easily serve the butter and jam variety. I mean, toast is literally grillcheese minus the cheese.Bur other than those picky things, it's great! Would recommend grabbing a couple of sandwiches to take for a picnic once the weather shapes up.
4	Super charming grilledcheeserie on Avenue Laurier. We stopped in here for a late breakfast/early lunch before a day of exploring the city, and it was the perfect. The sandwiches were the right size, the coffee was great, the shop was adorable, and the staff really friendly. I'd stop back here again in a heartbeat!
5	Excellent spot. Happy to have it in the neighbourhood.
3	Nice people. Good coffee. Good cold brew latte. Close to PARC Laurier. Don't know why my phone capitalized that... Anyway, the only caveat is the seating situation. It is limited and can be slightly awkward. I wouldn't stay to hang out, just grab a good drink and go.
2	Grilled cheese was average and expensive, coffee was tart and sour. The person making the grilled cheeses was also eating the food at the same time, which was not very appetizing nor sanitary. So if you enjoy huddling into tiny, crammed spaces to drink below average coffee at above average prices because it's the cool thing to do, this is your place.
4	Coffee made with love! This is a sweet find in the plateau, on quaint Laurier. I was happy to get a REAL (espresso-based) coffee here, rich and beautiful, and made with locally roasted St-Henri beans. It looks deceptively small from the street but there's definitely decent seating inside. Great treats to go with your coffee, too. I saw some amazing salads and sandwiches happening at other tables, which I'd be up for inhaling. Kid-friendly and decent art on the walls. I'm getting my Sunday-morning-coffee-and-a-stroll fixins here from now on.
5	is it tiny? yes!extremely cozy? absolutelygood coffee? you can betpricey? its mid-range on the 3rd wave coffee shop scalepopular? definitely on weekend and during summeri can see why the place is not for everyone. it is extremely crammed. if you don't mind knowing your neighbor up close and personal (without the exchange of fluids), you'll like this place very much on the very quiet charming part of laurier street.there's a certain bitterness to the coffee that is totally satisfying.alongside my cappuccino, i got what look really good, a zucchini muffin. it is good! moist, slight exterior crisp, flavorful, a bit sweet (sweeter with the icing). perfect little coffee companion or great pick me up on a bad day. from what i can tell, very popular item so if you see one, definitely grab it!and the background music is just really good music. its indie but not too far into hipster world so anyone can enjoy.and its totally ok to spend all day with your laptop working/studying away so no need to move to the starbucks almost next door
