5	Best car shop ever. Fair, honest, great service. Great attention to detail. They will save you money if they find ways to. I live in Chandler and drive over 45 min to Michael's Collision because of their high quality service.Work done: They cut the 1/4 back part of my car and replaced it with a new one, including new bumper. Replaced trunk struts.I was rear-ended on the high-way and one of my friends referred me to Michael's Collision. Michael and his team were very courteous and did their best to help me. They even referred me to a great lawyer and wrote me a check for over $100 because the muffler they ended up replacing was cheaper than what the insurance company quoted (they could've kept that money!). The work they did was impeccable, my car looked better than when I first bought it. To save me more money, they gave me one of their own cars as rental. I went back to them after a second, milder rear-ending accident a few months later, and they did the same amazing job.Almost two years later, I contacted them because I had trouble opening my trunk and since they had cut the quarter back part of my car and put a new piece in after the accidents, I thought it was related to that work. Michael remembered me and asked me to bring my car over, where they would look at it and perform any work at no cost. And sure enough, they did! The problem was the weakening of the trunk struts, which they replaced, but I don't think it was even their fault from prior work. All I had to pay was $35 for the new parts, which was way cheaper than any auto parts store would have charged. They even fixed my trunk handle and saved me $170. This is a great car shop and I recommend it to anyone.They offer excellent warranty for their work!
5	(I have this posted on google reviews as well, but I wanted this to be known here as well)I was completely devastated when my car was involved in an accident. A mechanic friend of mine referred me over to Michael's Carstar. He spoke very highly of the owner- Michael, the staff, and the work they do. I spoke with Michael the day I dropped my car off and I knew my vehicle was in good hands. I had many questions and concerns and they were all addressed promptly and put me right at ease. Their Carstar Vision site sends you daily photo updates! I absolutely loved that! On that site, it also shows you what stage your repair is in, and an estimated finish date. I liked being able to keep track of what was going on without constantly calling and bugging the staff. Even when I did, they were patient and understanding. I know there are several collision centers on Cave Creek, but I would ABSOLUTELY recommend Michael's Carstar. They go above and beyond and truly have your best interest in mind. I hope they know how incredibly grateful, and completely blown away I am with the whole experience. Hopefully, I don't need their services again, but if I do, there is no question where I'll be going.
5	When the right rear section of the bumper on my 2010 Ford Focus popped from its retainer, I looked to Yelp for the right place go for repair.I found the previous reviews of Michael's Collision so that's where I went.As previously reported, Michael and his staff are, indeed, friendly, courteous, and above all, honest.Michael explained to me that what I thought was a separate panel was an integral part of the bumper.  He said that the guaranteed permanent fix would be to replace the bumper and offered me an option.  The bumper replacement would have cost at least $1,000 whereas the optional fix would be less than $100.The option required that the plastic piece behind the bumper section could be replaced and might do the trick.  He said that if it didn't, he would put the car back the way it was and charge only for the labor involved.I opted for the more inexpensive repair and it worked.I can only affirm all the good things previously reported about Michael's Collision and am sure that if I should ever need body work again it will be done there.
5	My Civic Hybrid leaked at the roof antennae, the trim molding on the side of the front window flapped when over 30 MPG and the front bumper was a mess.I needed the car fast for several reasons.  In any case, DONE.These guys worked magic and met my deadline which was critical.  The job is definitely professional  Thanks.  Esp the leaky ceiling :)
5	There is no other auto body shop that I would recommend. Given that it's only a matter of time before someone rear ends you in this town (it's not a question of if, but when), I will always go to Michael's for my collision needs. Let me tell you why.ThoroughnessThe owner of Michael's, Michael (surprise!), came out to personally greet me and explain to me exactly what to expect. He is friendly, caring and above all, honest. This guy genuinely cares about his customers. There is no lip service at this place! He went through from top to bottom what the process was. He made me feel very comfortable and that I didn't have to worry about a thing, because in most cases, having body work done, especially after a collision is a nerve wracking experience in and of itself. Michael will put your mind at ease.IntegrityThis one goes a LONG way with me. I am BIG on integrity because there is so little of it today in business. Not so at Michael's. When he says he is going to do something, he does it and he stands by what he says. THAT'S integrity!PriceNow, I only went to one other shop, so I don't have too much to compare it to, but Michael's quote came pretty close to what the other shop was going to charge. They were cheaper by about $100. What gave Michael's the edge over the competition was the quick turn around time AND, get this, a FREE loaner car. How cool is that?? If I'd gone with any other shop I would have had to spend another $200 or more on a rental car (and I wasn't going through my insurance. It was all out of my pocket). This was a HUGE factor for me. Having that free loaner car was a lifesaver and a money saver.Daily Photo UpdatesMichael's offers daily updates with photos that are emailed to you. I loved this feature! It saved me from constantly wondering and calling to see where they were in the process. I knew each day exactly what they were doing with my car.To sum it all up, Michael AND his staff (especially KC) are second to none in the industry. Go there and tell them I sent you. I promise you won't be disappointed.
5	I am so impressed with Michael's Collision! My car looks brand new after an altercation with a giant yellow pole. From beginning to end, their customer service was impeccable!  I would recommend them to anyone and everyone!
5	Michael's Collision did an amazing job on my vehicle. The owner, Michael, was friendly and gave me excellent customer service. They even coordinated with the car rental company so I didn't have to go through the wait-time on that as well. Did I mention my car looks amazing after the repairs? It looks amazing...oh and they also completed the work way earlier than I expected. Great job!
5	I absolutely highly recommend Michaels Collision. After my teen son had a fender bender I was on the hunt to find an honest body repair shop. I went to 3 other places and just did not get the warm and fuzzy from them. I went on yelp to see what I could find and Michaels came on with great reviews. I called them and they spent time with me in the phone. They were very friendly and patient with my questions. I went in and was greeted like a family member. I am extremely happy with the work that was performed on the car. They went above and beyond my expectations.
5	I rarely post on Yelp positively or negatively about any business but my experience was so good with Michael's, I felt it necessary to write a review. This is hands down the best car repair experience I've ever had. I took a one ton dually truck in for repair. Michael was very explanatory, took extra time to explain the repairs needed and beat other estimates without sacrificing any quality, In fact, I feel certain Michael's did a better job than anyone else would have done. In the end, Michael gave me more than expected for slightly less than his estimate. That happens so rarely these days!
5	I can't give him more than 5 stars, but in this review I give him 10.I highly recommend Michael's Collision Carstar: high-quality work, excellent prices, and fantastic service.A few weeks ago I damaged my car's rear bumper as well as other parts in the underside.  I went to Michael's just based on Yelp's reviews, and I'm happy to say that I was not disappointed.  On the contrary, the service and work done on my car exceeded my expectations. I am glad that I decided to take it to Michael's rather than the dealer.  I knew I was in the right place (kind of love at first sight) even before they started with my estimate.KC and Jamie were so kind and helpful! I went through the whole process (leaving my car, picking it up, phone calls before and during my car was at Michael's) with Jamie and I have nothing to say but nice words about her. Michael's wife gave me a ride home when I left my car, which was something they didn't have to do but I greatly appreciated it. Michael came out of his office when I first left my car, and right before I picked it up; and while talking to him, I felt even more reassured that I was at the right place.My car looks even better than before I crashed it.
5	My experience with Michael's was TOP NOTCH from beginning to end. Everyone on staff (especially Michael & Jamie) went above and beyond to take care of our vehicle. They got us into a rental (snagged and upgraded vehicle too!), did beautiful work and called us halfway through the process after identifying another issue with the body of the vehicle to see if and how we wanted it fixed. Costs were reasonable and well-explained. I will never go anywhere else. They are honest, professional and a local business I am happy to support.
