2	Yeah, I know, it's a Wendy's. What should I expect?How about at least getting *something* right on my order? You know, *anything*.I order a grilled chicken sandwich, large fries, and a large chocolate frosty. The person at the counter says, "$2.13". Hey, I'm all for a great discount, but given that the frosty pushes two bucks alone, something was amiss.No translator was available, but we managed to figure out she'd charged me for the 99 cent "crispy chicken" sandwich, no fries and a small frosty.So she re-rang it, correctly I assumed.I get my bag o' food, and she plops down not a frosty, but a soft drink. Whatever, I'm kinda in a hurry, so I just grabbed it and left. This is after all, "fast food", I was freaking starving and just wanted to get out.In the car I find I got not a chicken sandwich, but a hamburger. And not large fries, but a small order.The burger was, Wendy's. The fries, Wendy's. The soda, diet (which I think tastes like feet).I've eaten a LOT of fast food in my time, but I don't recall ever having EVERYTHING wrong.
3	I arrived at lunch time to this Wendy's it was super busy 15min wait for food... The food was good if I was in the mood for Wendy's again I would go back to this location again.
2	Ick. Their panini's aren't what the used to be and the Caramel Roaster was way too sweet!Now I've never been to this location before now so maybe this is consistent for them. But I receive much better quality from Wendy's in the east valley, Mesa/Gilbert area.The service was nice and the drive thru attendant was very patient with my questions. For that, I am appreciative.
1	This place is a dump, and it's staffed by the indolent.  It's filthy; they're slow.  Go someplace that stands a chance of having been cleaned and swept at least sometime in the prior week and where the people "serving" you speak English with a smile.
4	Service for breakfast is always great. Very courteous staff. Always clean and maintained.
1	Every time I go here it's an awful experience.  I can safely say this is the last time I patron this establishment.  15 min wait to order and I get fries that taste like they were cooked in Abraham Lincoln's oil.  Change ur dang grease!  Disgusting!  You have hosed me for the last time
