4	An interesting place, where burgers are available in a number of sizes, all of which are pretty big! The food is very good quality, and the lady who runs the place knows her stuff. It's quite cosy inside, but very small, so you're probably best to book to make sure you can get a seat.
5	In the early days of our relationship, my boyfriend insisted on taking me here. The best burgers in Edinburgh he told me. Located in Stockbridge which convinced me even more that he was correct.When we got there, I judged a book by a cover and thought- this place? Really? Boy I was wrong.Bells Diner is so tiny you could miss it. There is only a few tables inside, and it reminded me of an old pub. I think it was the curtains that did it. Anyway, the specialty is the burger. There is a range of burgers to choose from, ranging from cheese to garlic. Being on a date, we both went for the garlic of course! And there is a choice of three sizes of burger. Now I am not much of a meat eater but the boyfriend convinced me to go for the medium size while he went for the large. Well the boyfriend was correct, these are the best burgers in Edinburgh! I challenge you to find a fresher, more satisfying burger in Edinburgh. I loved the tray of sauces that is put on your table, it was a nice quirk and a change from the normal tomato sauce. If you like burgers, make a trip to Bells Diner but make sure you book!
5	We're moving house just now, and as a result we're both shattered all the time and don't feel like cooking.  So, when The Man suggested going out to dinner, I thought it was an amazing idea.  He wanted somewhere within walking distance so we could go for a pint after, and I suggested Bells because a burger just sounded magic.As the other reviewers have said, it's a complete and unassuming hole in the wall.  We walked in and the waitress asked us if we'd booked a table.  What?  On a Thursday?  For burgers?  We ended up sharing a table (no problem at all) with another non-booking couple.  I immediately loved the menu when I saw that you could order your burger by 4oz, 6oz or 8oz.  I love food but often find that I'm not able to finish what is on my plate.  The 4oz was just perfect for me.  Whe burgers arrived they were served on a fresh, toasted sesame bun, heaped with goodies - including pickles!  I've not seen pickles on a burger here before!  It was exciting.  They weren't served with the fries in a separate little tin, they weren't served on a wooden slab, they were just normal.  No frills, no fancy dress, just goodness.They also came with a huge tray of sauces so we could dress them exactly to our liking.  They were juicy, chargrilled bits of heaven.  Hands down the best burger I've had in Edinburgh.  Seriously.  I will be coming back here every time I get a hankering.
5	Don't be fooled by the outside of this restaurant looking a bit small and pokey..Delicious steak, great selection of condiments and the milkshakes are divine!! The burgers around the table looked delicious as well and garnished great reviews from the entire group!Not many tables tho, so would be best to book!Full review with photos please visit my blog which can be found on my profile.
5	Bell's Diner is a top quality establishment. Serving a simple menu showcasing burgers and steak, I can't think of too many finer exponents of either in the city. It's tiny, so you'd be well advised to book, as this is a popular place, for good reason. Go soon and go often.Overall, we said: "Bell's Diner is a charming place that I look forward to returning to and giving their steaks a go. But as far as I'm concerned, there is no where else I would travel to, to get a burger in Edinburgh."
4	I'm going to have to knock a star after my experience last night.Not that anything about the service or my meal was in any way bad, but ... well here's now it went down:I called up and booked a table, I was informed that I would have the table for an hour and a half.  That seemed totally reasonable for two people having burgers.When I arrived, I ended up being only 1 and a friend joined me after about 30 minutes.  I ate my burger at a speed you would expect of one person having a solo meal, and when my friend arrived I asked if she wanted a beer.  We turned to the waitress who checked if we had time and we discovered that the table had actually been booked for 7:30 which gave me exactly 1 hour to eat and go.  It took me 50 minutes to order, eat ONE course, and have a bit of a chat.  If I'd wanted a starter or a dessert, it definitely would have taken me longer than an hour.  In fact, the waitress didn't even ask if I wanted dessert, she just brought me the bill.  So, while it ended up being fine for us, I wasn't impressed that they would book people in so closely and not even offer a dessert menu for want of freeing up the table.
5	OMG. Ok, I am just going to come out and say it, best burger in Scotland yet!! But I might just be in love with this place cause I am feeling super homesick and the burger reminded me of the burgers back home. Really yummy and perfectly cooked. The meat was quality and had all the fixings as I would expect it. They also provide a large tray of sauces which is pretty cool. Lots of chutneys which is definitely a british influence, and the regulars (ketchup, mustard) though the mustard was spicy wholegrain mixed with english mustard so not what one would expect but i mixed it with some mayo and it did the trick. Yes fully recommended. Finally.
4	The best burgers in Edinburgh. Check.Blink and you miss Bells, it's small intimate and quaint but oh does it deliver a mighty burger!You'll find a variety of choices ranging from good ol classics like cheese and bacon to more exotic Roquefort and mushroom. There are also a few different meat sizes so even the biggest of appetite is catered for.For me a burger is all about the bun and the meat, the bun should be soft, sesame topped and lightly toasted. The meat should be flavourful, slightly spicy and cooked medium to well. Not too much pink, and hold the leather. Perfect!Now I love a sauce with my burger, the more the merrier, and its a good job you get a tray of 8 varieties of sauces, to douse your burger to your hearts content. I go for a different sauce with almost every bite. Weird I know, but you don't want to miss out now, do you?I'm not a fan of milkshakes but there's a good range offered including beers and the usual soda drinks.Now I mentioned that it was small, which means you're almost never going to get a table on a weekend without booking, so do yourself a favour and pick up the phone and book.Because of it's size and the constant stream of people looking for a table, for me, it's not a place where you can hang around to socialise after your meal so for that reason 1 star down.The best burger in Edinburgh is a controversial subject, I know, but I'm happy to play Bells as the ace up my sleeve.
5	Thank you Yelpers. Without you I wouldn't have found this diner. It's so cozy and the staff is outstanding friendly. The food? It's not just good, it's fantastic, delicious!!! Tastes like cooked by my mom. And the previous Yelpers said it already, here you get the best burger in town. To me it's definitely the best burger I've ever had. Yummmmmmm!!!!!!
3	First of all I should probably say I don't eat meat. However my husband loves burgers and is on a lifelong quest to find the best burger. 6 of us went, all the others had burgers with different toppings, and I have to say they seemed to love the burgers. I think the different sizes also went down well. One comment was that the bun was a bit of a let down. I had the veggie option which was a nutty and very tasty. If you are a fan of sauces, then this is the place for you, they have a large tray full of different kinds of sauces, it was great to try them all.I was swithering between giving this place 3 or 4 stars, but the thing that I felt really let this place down was the chips. They seemed to be just like oven chips.In short if you are a burger fan then give this place a try, and use your chips to try all the sauces!
5	Best burger in Edinburgh! I challenge anyone to prove me wrong. Phenomenal American burger joint. I had the 6 oz bacon burger with a malt shake. Bacon crispy as requested,  very polite and banterful service from a lovely lady. We were a wee bit early for our booking which was made the night before but we were seated immediately. Attracts very polite customers, which is great. I was speechless with how good the burger was, crisp lettuce, juicy tomato. Absolutely YUM! Xx
5	First off, I'll start by saying that the burgers definitely live up to the hype. A REALLY good burger is hard to find, so it's no surprise that this place has stood the test of time. The person I was with also had a sundae which was delicious (I gazed longingly but my stomach could not fit any more).However, what really made the experience was the staff. We went on a Thursday night and the place was packed, there was one woman serving who was rushed off her feet, but we got the most brilliant service and she dealt with some whingy customers very well. My kind of place.
4	This wee restaurant consists of a red-walled front room with a spattering of random photography and some sticky wooden tables: not exactly what "diner" usually calls to mind. The menu is burger-heavy, with various butters, cheeses, and sizes making up one's key decision points. For the vegetarians, there's a burger, too. It's lentil-y and nutty and tastes pretty good, but doesn't hold together particularly well. The accompanying chips are average, but greatly accentuated by the fun tray of relishes and spreads that one can apply to them. There are a good number of wines by the bottle (and a few by the glass), as well as an uninteresting assortment of bottled lagers on the drink menu.The hot fudge sticky toffee pudding wrapped up the meal nicely. Service was friendly and helpful.
