5	Good work, completed when promised at the agreed price.  What more could youask for in a mechanic?
5	Great work as always and the prices too. Dave is always top knotch in getting things done for you in the time frame promised.
5	Only honest cycle mechanics in town. What more do you need to know? There's a reason they are the busiest shop.
5	I've taken my bike here numerous times and every time Dave has always been able to fix any issue I have had. The customer service is great and the prices and labor are way better than dealer prices.
5	Nice guys that really know their stuff and keep it real. Honest mechanics are often hard to find, but they're undoubtedly trustworthy and it's the only shop I'll ever take my bike to. Prices are unbeatable in Vegas, service excellent every time. Thanks Cycle Tech, you've got a customer for life in me :)
5	Cycle Tech is fantastic...Dave...Badger...Nick and Steve always take care of my bike when in need...very helpful with spare parts...and great all around guys...highly recommend to anyone looking to get work done on any type of motorcycle
5	Cycle Tech is great. Dave is a stand up guy, reliable and honest. His shop team is cool too. I would recommend.
5	Not only have I purchased a bike from cycletech. I've also had work done on many bikes including engine swaps, full services, diagnoses and accessories.I wouldn't go anywhere else. I've never had a problem, I've never been overcharged and work is done in quickly.
5	My boyfriend and I love us some cycle tech to say the least. Not only did he purchase his bike from them, but they have worked on mine numerous times. We have only really dealt with David, Badger, and Nick, and as far as we've seen they are all phenomenal . This last time Badger went out of his way to fix the back tire on my R6, with spare parts and was so extremely helpful. I appreciate this shop so much and everything they have done for us and will continue to do for us. We recommend them to all our bike buddies & will continue to do so. Thank you guys.(=
5	These guys ROCK!!!!!! I'm very happy that I have found such a great team to work on my bike. They are upfront with you about everything they don't hide anything. You can call them and they will answer your questions. Have a 2000 Yamaha r1 that needed some love and BADGER gave it some love he is a very cool guy and knows his stuff.THANKS AGAIN CYCLE TECH.I would like to say thank you to these guys BADGER,DAVE,STEVE for the work you guys  have done.I must say that I will never go to any other place to have work done on my bike.MUCH LOVE GUYS.......
5	Badger is the man and Dave he took my pos bike and made it a beast for a amazing price i could not be happier no one will be as honest and as straightforward service they know their bikes and tuning
