3	I wandered into this place to buy *something* and was greeted by some very friendly people who looked like they had just stepped out of movie. Sort of a cross between.... Deliverance and... Pulp Fiction.NICE people just... um,.... well.... gosh... I think they're local Las Vegans who've been here a long long long time.They have every color flogger you can imagine but the quality is only fair. No rubber clothing and the leather stuff was pretty run-of-the-mill stuff. This is not the place to come to if you're used to seeing San Francisco/ NYC/ Chicago fetish wear. The fashions here are straight out of a catalog.Considering the limited options one has in Las Vegas for BDSM stuff, this place has a pretty good selection. I would guess that their clientele is going to be people who are fairly new to the scene. They have all the staple books by Jay Wiseman and Midori and other Bay Area folks... it's a good place to go for basics. I'd look elsewhere for custom or more expensive items.
3	Yeah, it's pretty average, but this is Las Vegas. It's not Folsom Street Fair. (On the other hand, Las Vegas is still pretty 'real people leather' heavy. I'm sure I've seen people not in The Scene non-ironically wearing chaps out and about.)I will say that the nice older woman who seems to be the owner is just like that nice older woman you meet at your first scene party. And the master (?) in back was hand-tooling something in the shop while I browsed and my friend got increasingly ironically goofy about being in the leather store.
5	I just loved this place.I really loved the people.Lady C herself greeted me and told me all the floggers hanging for sale from the ceiling were hand crafted, and pointed to the gentleman in the back,crafting away.They had their adorable dog there too to greet people. They let me try on a few things, we struck up conversations of what were into and how long, etc. Ended up buying a few things and walking down the strip mall to the next kink-friendly place. :)
5	We love this place.  Conveniently it is in the same strip mall as Bad Attitude Boutique which is also fantastic.We were there this week just looking around and the young lady working behind the counter (Nurse Die?) figured out that I was into Shibari (Japanese rope bondage) without a word passing between us other than "hello".  She told me all about the local rope group, when and where they meet and refereed me to a source for TOP QUALITY rope.  People shopping in sex/fetish/kink type places can be a little closed mouth about their interests and though I am not, I was impressed that ND had intuited my interests and was able to help me.Good job!
4	On my most recent Vegas trip was taken here by a regular. It has a variety of corsets and then a little bit of everything for the general fetish: paddles, floggers, whips, toys and books. It's like an S&M focused adult store combined with a corset store. I got a couple of really cute under bust corsets (a black brocade and a maroon with black trim) that was perfect for parties and Halloween. It's on the expensive side, but you get quality steel boning that will last. The people at this store are really helpful in answering questions and make sure you know how to care for you corsets. I appreciate how they weren't pushy sales people and let me try on as many items I wanted. A chair was provided so I could make sure I was comfy, standing up and sitting down. Do bring a friend since trying on corsets is not like regular clothes shopping, it takes time. Having a friend to help cinch up the laces makes the process faster and also gives you a second opinion on items. ;)
5	When I went into Lady C Leather I was wowed to say the least. The smell of leather, the amazing visuals and the friendly staff made my visit an experience. They had everything from books, toys, tools and clothing. I was told that a large majority of the leather tools and toys are hand made in the back by the owner which impressed me because these days everything is made in China! I may not be in the 'lifestyle' but if I was I would for sure go to this store all the time ;-)
4	I was at this strip mall anyway, so I hit several of the stores. This one was a pleasant surprise. If you like corsets, this store has some beautiful ones. And if you like leather fetish stuff, the other half of the store is for you. There's a very nice lady who runs this store.  Many items are leather or fancy materials, and well made - and have prices that reflect that quality. This is not the shop for a cheap throw-away outfit.
5	When I need leather I go here. How many crops can I break lol many. How many times must I replace a flogger well bout 3 in 6 months lmao. Lady C is my one stop shop when I grow tired of the random items that I find at Lowes or Home Depot. If she has it not she will order it and that makes me happy. Lady C has books toys and all kinds of tools that reminds me...I went their for fire-cups and did not get any. Well looks like I will return ASAP.
5	i LOVE LOVE LOVE THIS PLACE!After a nightmare of an experience with Franz at  The Black Room  down the street, I was so pleasantly surprised to walk into the Lady C.Justina greeted my friends and me, and she was there to answer all of our questions about the outfit that we needed (a catsuit for our fetish party). The Lady C, Christine was in the back , but she came out to give us an affable greeting as well. The vibe in this place is so airy and pleasant. Justina was helpful and patient. There seem to be a lot of repeat customers for this store, and there's no doubt as to why that's true. I'm sad to know that it is up for sale. Let's hope the new owners keep up the amazing customer service.Top quality products and great service. What more can you ask for ?
5	Gags, chains, and whips...oh my!!! Always visit the Thai restaurant next door and have always been curious about waist training and the store itself...finished lunch early and decided to go in with my coworker just to see what it was about.After the initial shock that this was not your typical lingerie store we started to walk around. Justina (I think that was her name) was sooooooo helpful!!! She didn't make me feel awkward as I had so many first time questions...I'm usually very shy about my size and letting people know my size...however she made the experience comfortable! Andddd managed to give me curves I didn't know were there!!! I felt...pretty wearing the corset and saw the difference it could make...lucky for me they had buy one get 50% off!! Made my purchases with her help throughout the whole thing and she even explained step by step of how to properly use it and remove it... Can't wait to see how this turns out in the near future! Ohhh...before I forget...prices...they aren't cheap...so don't expect to low ball here...however...you really are getting what you pay for! Top quality and amazing service!
5	What a great shop! Heaven! I stopped in with some friends, and we are an odd group. The lady working, April, was patient, helpful and super charming, putting up with me, running around like a kid in a candy store. And I wanted to buy EVERYTHING! So I limited myself to selecting one item, a wonderful leather spiked choker, made right there in their workshop. They have so much stuff, it's hard to list it all, so go to the store if in the area, or give a call, email, whatever, because if you are looking for it, they have it. No, this is not your average lingerie store, this is for players. So play and have fun! I will return next time in Vegas.
5	Based solely on some friends recommendations, we visited Lady C Leather yesterday and met the new owners.  Great great people!  The business is full of everything you can imagine and a lot more.  A definite must every time we come to Las Vegas.
4	First time I was ever in this store was 2009. I needed a specific pair of stockings to wear to a wedding. I'll be honest this isn't my type of store to frequent, but they are the only store I know that carries steel bone corsets for waist training. The one I currently had was too flexible so this is the place to go when you want to channel your inner, "Little House on the Prairie."Lady C was not there, only her husband so I had to pretty much NOT be shy and have him help me cinch me in to pick the correct corset. He was professional and I didn't feel uncomfortable around him at all. He admitted he didn't know everything, but he knew enough to assist me in trying on 2 different corsets and making sure they fit properly. Overall it was a great experience. He made sure I got the cheapest corset price that had been overpriced by mistake AND gave me an additional occupational discount. If you purchase a corset they do have a special to receive a plastic boning corset for free.For those wondering the difference, steel boning corsets give you the waist you desire bc they are stronger and hold a perfect posture. Plastic boning, will easily buckle under pressure and will move with your body. Both will give you the appearance of a cinched waist, but only a steel boning corset will give you the waist you desire when NOT wearing it. Overall, I'm pretty sure I won't be buying any dog mask or whips soon, but I will be back to purchase more beautiful corsets.
