4	I don't hand out 5 star ratings all too often - this place is really close though! The price point for this quality of food is extremely competitive. Why spend 5-7 bucks on Taco Bell when you can get authentic Mexican food at Anita's?!Honestly, their daily special includes a burrito, a quesadilla, AND rice for only $5.90! The fresh queso used for both items was delectable. I could eat that queso all day. Furthermore, this place uses fresh jalapenos, as opposed to those pickled salty ones you get at the chain restaurants. I am amazed at their value, and think that this place is definitely going to stay around for a while. Good luck!
3	It's okay Mexican food at a cheap $.  The place is targeted at carry customers for the surrounding workforce.  At lunch time they have a good number of specials are $6.00.  You will still leave filled up though.  It good edible place, but not a real destination eatery.
3	When Mar Y Tierra closed, a small piece of my heart broke.  Lucky for me, Mar Y Tierra has been reincarnated in Anita's Mexican Grill.  Anita's serves almost the same food that Mar Y Tierra had - but adds some chicken and burgers as well - covering the grill part.This is mainly a takeout place, with only a few tables inside.  To order, you walk up to the counter and they'll call out your name or bring out your order when its done.
5	I love Anita's and eat here often. The sombrero is great and the chicken soup is perfect everytime I order it. Each order comes with chips & delicious salsa. Very fast and the customer service is great too. I would highly recommend it for takeout. There aren't many places to eat near my office, so Anita's is a welcome addition! I'll post the menu here soon.
5	Absolutely delicious. I work right next to Anita's and ever since a co-worker recommended it, I am a twice to three times a week regular. As far as value goes, you can't beat it. For only a few dollars, you will get more food than you can eat. I generally get a burrito, taco and rice and make the burrito "supreme," but it seems you really can't go wrong with ordering anything on the menu. Pro tip: ask for their homemade hot sauce. It's incredible.
