5	I've been to a lot of paint your own pottery places, and with the exception of my favorite place in the middle of nowhere Montana, this one is the best.Why?They have a great (and actually affordable) selection of items, from soap dishes to mugs, giant serving platters to cupcake boxes.  Many items are under $15, which is better than some other local PYOP places I've been to.The studio fee is $8 for adults, but you can find a coupon for $2 off online, so it's not too bad. We painted our stuff on a Saturday evening, and were told it was set for pick up on Tuesday after 4pm -- not a bad turn around.Better yet, the staff as awesome, friendly, and Tom was a rockstar! He taught us some awesome new techniques, was helpful about bringing examples over, and really made for a fun and fabulous date night with two adults painting holiday presents for family.We had a freaking blast, and absolutely cannot wait to go back!
5	WE LOVE AS YOU WISH and have been going to this location for approximately ten years.We were there today for 2 1/2 hours, and walked out feeling totally relaxed.  The staff is helpful, and they have hundreds of pottery pieces to choose from.  The paint selection is extensive, as well as items needed to finish your piece.The best part . . . the memories created with family and friends!
5	SO SO SO MUCH FUN! I've started going to this location with a couple of girls from work starting around the holidays and now i cant imagine not sharing this experience with everyone I know. . I wouldn't recommend biting off more than you can chew on your first experience just for the sake of time and frustration level, start with something small and easy, you'll be hooked after that and can start more advanced projected! A+++ Recommended! !
4	My first foray into painting at this place  brought back some memories of the early 70s when my former husband and I got involved in doing ceramics at the hobby shop on the Navy base where he was stationed.  We poured our own pieces; cleaned the greenware and fired it to bisque ourselves, then painted, glazed, fired, and ended up with a finished piece.  This is easier--and quicker.  For $8.00, you go in and select a piece of bisque to paint, sit at a table with your friend(s) and paint to your heart's content, then let the competent staff finish it off with glaze and firing.  You pay for the piece you've purchased, and a few days later you walk out with a finished piece for yourself or a friend.I went with my daughter on a weekday afternoon and the place was almost empty.  I selected a rather large piece to start with--a large salad bowl.  We were there about 2-1/2 hours and it was so relaxing just to sit and paint and chat and laugh.  My one gripe has to do with the finishing of my piece.  When I got it back, there was a spot where the paint I had applied had somehow disappeared, leaving a white blotch in the middle of the green.  Also, on the outside of the piece, many little bubbles had appeared in the glaze and marred the look and feel of the finish.  I took it back and the staff there repaired it - took a Dremel to it and removed the bad spots, reglazed and refired it.  It looks great now and I'm ready to put my next salad in it.It was fun and a great way to spend a relaxing afternoon.  I'll be back the next time I'm in Mesa.
3	Fun place. =) I don't really care for painting pottery or anything but this was a fun experience. It just took me FOREVER. Lol! A bit pricey to me...Pretty nice staff and a great family friendly atmosphere...except for the fact that they played some inappropriate songs on their radio station (with kids all over). Other than that it was a good experience like I said I don't really care for this sort of thing but I see how other people would be totally into it.
1	We've been coming to this location for probably 8 years now but it's just not the same. Every previous time was fantastic but this was just sad. Apparently, they don't don't believe in ac anymore cause it was uncomfortably hot. And maybe because of said hotness I might have been a little extra cranky but if your studio is packed full of people maybe every once in a while someone should walk around and check on customers. Nope. They didn't do that once. Okay fine. I'll let the laziness go but when a worker is on the studio floor eat a meal with a friend, that starts to get to me. Still I could have let THAT go but the final straw was the girl who rang us up couldn't have been ruder and less happy to be there. Sorry, we ruined your day by needing to be rung up since you were so busy standing around doing nothing. My apologizes. This store's manager needs to get there staff in check ASAP.
5	We've been going to As You Wish (various locations) for almost six years now. We love the classes as well as the ability to paint independently.
3	New management reached out to me about my bad experience. Upgraded to 3 stars based on the effort it took to do so. I will update again when I get a chance to go back and see how things have improved.
4	I enjoyed going to this place with my daughter. Good atmosphere and the staff was friendly. Pick a piece off the shelf, sit down, listen to some good pointers and then paint away. Set aside a couple of hours if you are doing something detailed as you want to get three good coats of color.
4	We love it, the kids think its fantastic. I've brought friends and out of town guests to As You Wish because its not just "fun", its an experience.I've been about a dozen times, probably 10 times to this location and another 2 at the location on Gilbert and the 202.I've never had a bad experience, never had to wait for a table. The staff is always very nice, sometimes they are more attentive and they are less attentive the more people there are there (like on the weekends) I think though, that if you need your hand held, the weekend is probably not your best bet to try this for the first time.Once the lady at the counter broke something we'd painted (when I'd come to pick it up) Thankfully it was something small and not creatively painted, she apologized more than 10 times, offered to let me paint another one and then said she would paint it and I could pick it up the next day, then she gave me 3 free sitting passes. The ONLY reason I gave it 4 and not 5 stars is that my youngest kid is 9 and the noise level is very high here, all the time. No one can be blamed for that, not even the staff, this place attracts kids, and some of them are younger than I would be willing to take there but thats a personal choice. The child volume is even higher during the day on weekends (a lot of birthday parties)Also, try the glass, its so much fun and very different.
2	Great fun for kids but too expensive AND they just charged us a second time to sit in their chair to finish pottery we didn't quite finish last time we were in.  We were informed at another location that we would not have to pay again to finish what we started.  THEN they gave us coupons to come back and sit for free NEXT TIME.  Won't be a next time!  Take our money twice for one set of pottery then give us free sitting the next time??  Doesn't make sense in my book!
