4	This is the closest pizza joint to my house. Now there is a domino's  closer to my house, but you don't go to domino's and hang out to eat. BARF!The food is really good here, I have eaten here about 10 times and I have not had a bad meal yet. The pizza here is New York style, hand-tossed and good thin crust. The best 2 things on the menu are the Italian Salads and the Chicken Fingers. The Chicken fingers are your standard fare restaurant fingers, nothing too special about them. What makes they really tasty is the buffalo sauce they use. Excellent.The salads are really good, they remind me of some of the ones you find in high end Italian joints, but at a much more reasonable price point. Recommended!
5	A friend told me about Mark Rich's several months ago, but i've never had to opportunity to visit the Centennial Hills location.  Yesterday, I decided to stop by for my lunch break.I'm definitely coming back again!I ordered 2 slices with sausage and pepperoni and a drink.  It was definitely the best NY style pizza I've ever tasted.  The service was quick and friendly, and I felt right at home with the ambience.I look forward to trying other items on the menu in the future.
5	Pretty darn good pizza, the BEST chicken cesar salad, yummy pasta and great soup!
4	The prices are very fair, the pastas are good, and the pizzas are great.  The restaurant is very small, so sometimes you feel like you are eating in your neighbor's lap.  The help is always friendly, if a little familiar.
3	Good pizza, but my experience was very wet in the middle. I ordered a large combo with peperoni, sausage, onion and green peppers. I think the combination of ingredients that I chose contributed to the softness in the middle. The flavor was excellent and the sausage was really nice loose sausage. I'll try it again and order fewer toppings next time.
1	The pizza was as bad as the service. They did not greet me when I came in, forgot half of my order (unapologetically) and didn't so much as thank me.The pizza had sweet sauce, soggy sweet crust and was about as close to authentic New York pizza as dominos. I moved to Las Vegas from New York. If you want authentic New York pizza and good service, check out Rocco's.
2	This pizza is mediocre at best.
5	I've been a semi-regular here for a long, long time... I like their cheese pizza, but if you add toppings it does tend to get a little soft in the middle. Their salad is soooo good if you mix ranch with their italian dressing. I pine for it. Their spaghetti is delish and their lunch specials are a good deal. My boyfriend loves the stromboli more than he loves me. When I'm thinking of going out for lunch, Mark Rich's is usually in the top 5 choices.Service has usually been good, except for once or twice. But once or twice in 5+ years? not too shabby, M.R.
3	I was trying to find a great place to order pizza from aside from the usual chains.  I came across their website through Google and ordered online.  We ordered one Works pizza, a pepperoni, and some plain wings with ranch sauce.The pizza was supposed to be NY style, but it's too doughy for me.  I was expecting it to be a thinner pizza, but it was okay.  What we really liked were the wings!  They know how to make them crispy and not oily.  They delivered it nice and hot.  It was so yummy.If i ever order from them again, I'd just get wings.  They were awesome.
4	Hey Mark Rich! Hi Five Broseph, that's one freaking good pie.  Superior ingredients creating superior taste what a crazy concept, I know it sounds nuts but trust me it works.  Every time I go I get a large pie with pepperoni, sausage, mushroom and ricotta cheese. The flavors are off the hook and they aren't stingee with the toppings.  The ricotta is creamy and flavorful.  My only complaint is that the crust doesn't get as well done as I like it.  Dudes all you got to do is take the pizza off the sheet and lay it directly in the oven for the last 2 to 3 minutes of cooking.  This will give that nice char on the bottom and will prevent your slice from laying there like a flaccid dong the moment you try to pick it up.  I can't speak for the rest of their food, considering I've only tried the pizza. I'm not saying it's the best pie in the valley, however if you live in the northwest and looking for a quick slice this is the place to go.
4	I've ordered delivery from this place and I don't recommend it because the Pizza will be soggy when it arrives....that's like most NY Style Pizzas.....because of the Thin Crust, it can't survive a delivery without getting soggy.I wanted to give it a try dining in.....so I stopped by today for lunch.  I intended to order 2 Slices of Pizza....but after reviewing the menu, I couldn't help myself and ordered a NY Hot Dog (Dog, Fries, Green Peppers, Onions, Parmesan Cheese, Italian Roll) and a Slice of Sausage Pizza.The Sausage Pizza Slice came out first.....it was loaded with Sausage....too much in my opinion (see pics).  I also thought the Cheese to Sauce ratio was off.....not enough sauce, the Pizza tasted dry.  The Crust was good and cooked well.....if I was rating just on the Pizza, this place would get 2 or 3 Stars.The NY Hot Dog on the other hand was Fantastic!  The all beef dog was juicy & full of flavor.  The combination of the Fries, Green Peppers, and Onions made the sandwich taste a little like Breakfast.  It was soooo good!  I could have eaten 2 of them!  This NY Hot Dog is what bumped this place to 4 Stars for me since I've never seen this item anywhere else.Overall, I enjoyed my experience here.  There are other items on the extensive menu that I want to try.Will I return?  Fah-getta-bout It, of course!  Probably not for the Pizza though.....ironic.
3	I like running in here for a quickie lunch with their slice and drink special.
4	This has to be my favorite family Italian restaurant since moving to Las Vegas 5 years ago. Great service, the food is classic NY style pizza as close to a NY pizza as I can remember. The pasta is home made and they cater to people with gluten free pizza dough and soon pasta. The pizza maker is tossing dough right before your eyes. Dinner specials every night. I had the Chicken Marcela overall very good a bit on the salty side but very good. My wife had stuffed shells that she cleaned the plate. Staff was very friendly and will take the time to just have a conversation with you. I really like this place.
3	I have ate at Mark Rich's numerous times, due to the fact that I lived across the street and used to work next door. If you are eating in or picking up and planning on not traveling far before you eat, the food is great. However, there is something that doesnt work out when delivering or picking up and having a more than 3 minute drive home. If you get something breaded, it get soggy. There have been a few times where we have had pizza delivered and had to reheat it. If you chose to eat here, make sure you eat inside the first time so you dont get a bad taste afterwards and not want to go back. Aside from the food, they always have very courteous employees.
3	I hate to say it, but they have gone down hill since the last time I went there. Still better than average, but not a good trend here.
3	I have always got the pizza here take-out, but I'm sure there isn't a massive difference at all.  The pizza is good when you first start eating it, but don't let it get cold.  Something strange happens to it and the pizza becomes inedible to me.  And since pizza is one of maybe three foods I can eat that is a day or two old.  That is a big no no.  Despite that I'm sure the best thing to do at this place is to eat it fresh.
3	Maybe slightly higher than a 3 star - but not a four star.  I have been here about 5 times.  It is a small pizzaria with a New York Theme.  The staff is very friendly.  The prices are very reasnoable.  It was cool because we ordered a "pitcher" of root beer - pitchers of root beer take me back to the pizzaria days of my youth...They have decent food.  My major hang up with this place is the pizza is soggy in the middle part.  You can't fold it properly or even lift up.  The pizza tastes good but it is just to soggy - almost wet in the center.  There are 2 ways to eat it; you have to fold the point end towards the crust or you are reduced to eating the pizza with a fork!!! Also, Ordered a cannoli.  It was very good.  They might even make the shell homemade (if this can be confirmed I would rate this a 4).  It was the right color and it wasn't perfectly round like the a factory made shell.  I told the waitress - "Leave the gun - take the cannoli."  She had no idea what I was talking about.  So - It isn't the best in town, but it will cure a pizza fix if you are in the northwest part of town.
1	I've order from Mark Rich's pizza several times and every time it takes more than an hour to deliver anything. I once waited more then 2 hours for a pizza to be delivered to my house which is less then 10 minutes away.  Not only do they take an unacceptable amount of time to deliver, they deliver cold food. I feel I have given this place more than enough opportunity to deliver hot food in a timely manner and they failed. I will no longer be a customer.
4	My girlfriend and I decided to try a new local pizza place, and we bought the gift certificate from Restaurant.com. We are definitely coming back here. The food was amazing with very reasonable prices. Our large pizza with an appetizer was right around $24 before the discount. We even had leftover pizza that I'm enjoying as I write this. Our server was very attentive and helpful. We like to drink a lot of water, and she brought us a whole pitcher of water so we could always be topped off. We marveled at every dish she brought to other tables. The food has large portions and it all looks so good. We will definitely be going back.The only bad thing about this restaurant -- and hence giving it four instead of five stars -- was the fact that the restaurant wasn't very warm. We were seated near the door, and every time it opened the room got very cold. It never really warmed up. We had to wear our coats the whole time to stay warm. Everything else about this place was stellar. I recommend experiencing it for yourself.
3	Small place conveniently located in Centennial in the Walmart center next to Port of Subs. Good pricing for lunch specials, that was actually the reason we stopped by. But we ended up not get getting it. My bf wanted to do the 2 slices of pizza for the lunch special but with the toppings he wanted, it was cheaper to just get a small pizza.(pictures posted)And I ended up with a patty melt. Food was decent. Nothing special. Spent more than we expected to... bummer. Server was nice though.
5	This place is about as good as it gets for pizza. There is a personal attention that you seldom get in chain places. The wait staff is friendly and attentive. Orders are accurate, and every detail is seen to. The place is relatively small and intimate, nothing opulent but just a good old-fashioned pizza place.
4	My favorite place for lunch specials. I always get the spaghetti marinara, and my mom loves the meat sauce. Great prices on salads for the group, and a slice of cheese pizza on the side is less than two bucks for awesome crispy cheese pizza. Homemade salad dressings are awesome. Me and my sister have made this our regular place for years before we moved across town.My ONLY complaint is the last couple times I went before I moved they have new servers...I always get a small side of marinara for my pizza and use leftover salad ranch...its just awesome to dip. The one new servers charges us for EVERYTHING. We always get a big salad to share, but get a couple different dressings because not everyone wants ranch. Getting charged 1.50 for a side of Italian is lame. So as much as I love this place, by the time I moved I was kinda turned off and stopped going in.
4	Little family owned place in a walmart shopping center.Stopped here for noms after visiting a comic shop a few stores down. Service was really friendly here, but I expect they usually haves in the evening. The place was filling up fast when we left. Menu is nice and big with several pizza options, stuffed, new york, and Sicilian. We decided on the stuffed and were not disappointed. The only thing that I could recommend is that they make the bottom of the crust on the stuffed just SLIGHTLY thicker, it tended to get a soggy.
2	What is up with the crust at this place?  I've eaten here two times now, and each time, the crust is soggy as hell, and it kind of grosses me out.  It's the the point where my pizza falls apart if I pick it up and it's a bunch of mush with some cheese on it.  Not very appetizing...  At home, I've even tried toasting it to firm it up a bit, to no avail.  Also, as someone else commented, the delivery time with this place is awful, awful, awful.  And they do, in fact, deliver cold food.  The one word I would use to describe this place is, meh.
4	Great spot for pizza by the slice.  The sausage rolls  are great as well.  I always stop in when I'm in the area.  Lunch specials available.
1	You know, this place is really pissing me off.  Because my brother insists on getting pizza from this place for some unknown reason when he's been drinking, I've had to deal with them a few more times, and they have really just made me dislike them even more.  Incident one:  My brother placed an order for delivery around 8:30pm for a pizza.  Around 9:45pm, they still had not come, so I called them to see why.  The guy said that they were closing, and I said that we had called in a delivery earlier, and his response was, "I didn't know we had a delivery", even though I was right there when my bro was ordering.  To add insult to injury after the dude playing dumb, he didn't even apologize.  Yeah.  Nice customer service, ass.  We never got the pizza, needless to say, and I was pretty peeved.Incident two:  A few weeks later, I was out running some errands and the bro wanted me to pick up some pizza, since I told him I am done with their crappy delivery times.  I went in, and it was kind of busy, so I understood that I had to wait a bit (even though we had called well ahead of time... and were only ordering one medium pizza).  What really pissed me off, though, was that my pizza was actually ready, but had been sitting there pretty much the whole time because the dimwitted cashier didn't bother to look on top of the pizza oven and discover that my pizza was done.  So I sat there for approximately 20 minutes for nothing.In sum:  I hate this place with the fire of a thousand suns.  :)
5	Love the finger bucket! Pure heaven and the pizza rocks!!!
4	I have eating @ mark Rich's for years and I have found it to be decnt family fare.  The pizza to me is good espeically the sausage,italian beef and the homemade ranch dressing is yummy.  there are Not that many places in vegas that are truly kids friendly and mark's does this well
3	Had dinner at this location for the first time last night.  I have been to their other location on Charleston a number of times.  The food was very good and flavorful.  Our waitress was nice but could have been slightly more attentive.  The hostess needs to be better trained.  She sat at the front counter reading a book and playing on her cell phone the majority of the time we were there; not really even making an effort to welcome new guests as they came in.
4	I'm a fan of Mark Rich's New York Pizza.  We usually get a 12" supreme style pizza with olives, pepperoni, sausage, mushrooms,  peppers, and onions.  Every meal I've had here has been delicious, service quick and friendly, and at a good price.  I'll not argue how "authentic" to the New York style they are as I'm no expert however, I'm an expert in taste and I've enjoyed all the pizza I've had here!
5	Great service and food, Would def recommend to anyone!!
5	Great pizza, made fresh. Chicken parmesan is awesome. The stromboli is great also. His red sauce is awesome, great local place to dine in or take out.
4	We've been several times, and the food and service are always excellent. It is much busier on Friday nights, but the food came out quickly. My wife loves their eggplant parmesan, and I'm a fan of their Stromboli.
1	Pizza Hut tastes better. The service was horrible and so was the pizza. Hopefully Metro Pizza will put this place out of business. Blah!
1	Sitting here for 1 hour for a take out order of pasta, not an explanation of why it's taking so long, no offer for even a water!  The older lady at the front is nice, but not the sharpest tool in the shed, but it doesn't take a lot of common sense to at least give an explanation of why my order is taking so long and maybe offer me a glass of water, while I wait for 1 hour!And I'm pretty sure the owner walked right by me couple of times and never acknowledged me and how long I had been sitting there!This place sucks!!!Can't wait for Metro pizza to open.  Bye bye Mark Rich!
1	If you are contemplating eating here- would drive a little down the street and go to Sreets of New York. The service there is also pretty poor but at least the pizza is good.At Mark Rich's, the pizza itself is gross. The dough tasted like Pillsbury brand and I wonder if they actually make their own dough.  It has no flavor.This was my second time eating at this location. I got a groupon online and decided to give it another try even though I wasn't thrilled the first time.  They forgot to put pepperoni on our pizza.  When I alerted the waitress to the forgotten pepperoni, she immediately ran in the back without saying anything. She came back out and said "you're right". I definitely felt like she should have just apologized right away, not gone in back to check that I had in fact ordered pepperoni. Then, the bill came. Pepperoni was still charged!  I didn't even say anything because we had been sitting there for over an hour and I just wanted to leave.  For a gross tasteless pizza and 2 soft drinks it was almost $30. I will not be dining here again.
3	My first visit here and i was going to use the groupon i bought, but they had a special of half off any pizza so i decided to try that and save the groupon for another time. I can say my daughter and i enjoyed the pizza, far from the usual papa johns or pizza hut. she usually doesnt like thin crust but loved it. and while my only complaint is that the end of the pizza was a lil soggy but that was due to the fresh vegetables. Overall it was good enough for me to try again.
3	pizza is one thing they could make..the only thing.
5	OK I have to say, I'm really starting to lose faith in the YELP community. Decided to go out for pizza with some friends tonight and since I'm still learning my way around out here, and starting to see that sometimes yelpers will lead you astray, I asked a friend of mine if this place was any good since its kinda close by. She said it was but also suggested another place that was equal distance away. Since I now had a choice I decided to see what yelpers had to say about both.Both had the same amount of stars and good and bad ratings. So the deciding factor to come here was that my hubs likes thin crust, so we were directed here. I liked that they offered GLUTEN FREE pasta and pizza. Our server was super nice with just a little sass that I actually fell in love with right away! It made me feel comfortable and at home. I asked if the salads were big and she said s large would feed 3 people. I honestly did not believe her and ordered the NY CHICKEN SALAD for myself and we also ordered a XLarge combo pizza with bell peppers, pepperoni, mushrooms, and olives.  The salad was HUGE!! I brought 1/2 of it home! And there was so many fresh crispy veggies on it! More than actual lettuce, which was fine with me! The pizza was DELICIOUS! The veggies on the pizza were fresh and perfectly cooked and everything was perfect! Not one bit was soggy like I had read in other reviews. In fact, everything about this place was FABULOUS! Its not a stand alone resturaunt like I expected, Infact its wedged between a radio shack and a port of subs. So when we walked up and I saw it was just a bunch of tables inside, I thought "great, loud, noisy, and uncomfortable!" But it was just the opposite. Surprisingly quiet, pleasant, and staff was attentive   and the place was FULL! It must have been that everyone was eating because the food was so delicious instead of talking. Like I said, our service was great, and for all that food for 5 of us our bill was 30 bucks! We will definitely be regulars here. It was AMAZING!
5	I love this place. They have such great pizza, and it's only down the street! Their garlic knots with mozzarella cheese are to die for! Their veggie pizza is downright amazing, and they have the best cannolis I have had. They have a very good lunch deal (until 4pm) with six options for 5.65$ with a drink. My favorite lunch option is either the two slices of cheese pizza, or the one cheese slice and a small salad. They have an extra large cheese pizza  (18 inches) for 16$, which is the best deal in the neighborhood. They also serve gluten free pizza here.
3	Now, this is a NY style pizza.If I have the yearning for an east coast pie, this is my go-to place.But I really have to want it.30 minutes for couple of re-heated slices can't be a good mantra. Well, 24 minutes- close enough!
4	Love the pizza here. Great eat in lunch special. Reasonable prices, and a good quiet spot for yummy pizza. The inside decor is boring and bland, nothing to write home about definitely, but the food and staff make up for it.
2	SO I have been visiting Mark Rich's for years regularly for their good ol lunch specials.  Where else can you take three people for lunch and the bill comes out to $15.00???  What???  I must say I know how good this place can be and its been a while since I have seen it.  The place always used to be rockin and now you go in and theres hardly anyone there.  Like I said we come for lunch....rarely for dinner so it may just be a lunch thing?  The last time I visited we were the only ones there.  The service is always pretty good so no real complaints there.  We always order the garlic knots.  Love them.  Love love love.  We usually ask them to do "light" on the oil but this time we forgot. Dangit.  It was swimming in oil....and by swimming I mean the poor knots were crying for help.  We ate it anyway as we dabbed as much oil as we could.  For lunch we ordered the pasta lunch.  We always order the penne pasta with pink sauce.  Its not really on the lunch menu but they modify their spaghetti for an additional charge for the pink sauce.  The last couple times the pasta just has zero flavor.  This last time the noodles were mushy, the sauce had no flavor and the garlic bread was burnt.  Well actually I had a burnt piece and a good piece and same for the BF.This place is just tired.  It needs a new lift or something.  I am so sad to say all this because I have always been a big fan of their pizza and pasta.  Occasionally you would see Mark in there greeting the customers and I havent seen him in years.  Maybe its the new location.  Who knows.  We do always make fun of all the celebrity pictures autographed by someone with the same pen and same writing.  Pretty amusing I must say.  Anyways, I think we will give this place a rest for now and maybe visit for dinner to change it up.  I havent given up on you yet Mark.
5	This place is so ASNFPI#&$*#$Y YES!If you want to eat at this place, make sure you go to the one in Centennial Center, it's awesome. Can't say the same for the Summerlin one.I've been going here since high school, it's always so much fun and the environment is very family-oriented and friendly. I remember a few years back they used to have this balloon guy that came in and made all this crazy shit, but haven't seen him recently, so me and my friends probably scared him off.The food is a reasonable price and super good, the pizza is what this place is famous for, but the pastas and everything else is also just as delicious! I take my mom here all the time. The waitresses are so funny and they're always so nice, it's nice to see her have a good time for a change.The place never gets too crowded, so it's often pretty quiet in here and you can actually hear the conversations with each other. It's Seat-Yourself policy unless you have 5 or more people, so you can even pick where you want to sit.This is truely one of the only places I'm a regular at, I recommend it to anyone!
4	The pizza here is quiet good. The garlic knots are okay, I've tasted better at another pizza place on Craig Rd.  The Cannolis are extremely good but a bit pricey. Their home made ranch dressing is the BOMB!!! OMGosh, can you say garlic??? Very garlicky flavor and ooooh so good!
1	Horrible service. Ordered and paid on line at 7:11pm. Didn't get my order until 8:30pm.  When I got there at 7:30 the lady tried to make me pay AGAIN!  Ended up making my husband sick!  2 pieces of cheese cake will not fix this fiasco! Will NEVER order from there again!
1	Don't order the gluten free. Obviously they don't know that you have to bake the crust first!  Under the cheeses my pizza had the consistency of oatmeal ! Yuck !
2	Mediocre pizza.
5	This place is amazing! Their garlic knots are so delicious, the pizza is pretty good & the service is good. I can't complain!
4	The place we originally met a friend at had too long of a wait to be seated, so I suggested we give Mark Rich's New York Pizza & Pasta a try since it was in the same shopping center and we hadn't been there before. Italian sounded good to us all so we headed over. Walking in we were greeted and told to sit anywhere. Our server, Ellen, introduced herself right away and took our drink orders. We started out with an order of "Garlic Knots" priced at $2.99 for 6. These aren't really garlic knots, but garlicky pull-apart dinner rolls. They were very good! I wouldn't recommend them though if you don't like a lot of garlic because there is not only garlic on the top, but covered on the bottom as well. Hubby and I enjoyed them a lot however our friend found it too overpowering. More for us! The side of sauce that accompanied the knots was decent, but bland. So they had a special going on where 2 can dine for $25 and my friend and I decided to go for that. The deal lets you pick 1 soup or salad, 1 pasta each and 1 dessert to share. I chose the "Italian Wedding Soup" to start and couldn't have been more pleased. The soup had plenty of flavor and even came with a side of garlic bread. For my main meal I had the "Baked Manicotti" and I have to be honest, I wasn't that pleased with this dish. The cheese on top seemed overcooked and when I went to cut into my manicotti, the cheese came all off. I just set it aside and didn't eat it. The dish was drowning in bland sauce. I ate half of it and it wasn't bad, it just didn't have much flavor. The manicotti also came with more garlic bread. I just feel it coming with the soup and the pasta was a bit much. For dessert it was "New York Cheese Cake" and that went home with my friend so I don't know how it tasted, but I heard back the next day from him that it was very good! Hubby had the "Italian Sub" priced at $6.99 and he loved it. I tried a bite and liked the flavor. This is a sandwich I would stop by and have for lunch some other time when I am shopping in Centennial Center. Our friend had the "Tomato Basil Soup" and the Spaghetti & Sausage" and he said the soup was very good. He found the sausage in the spaghetti to be good, but the sauce bland. Parmesan cheese was added and all was good. I would have given 5 stars, but with the main dish not having a *wow* factor this place is more of a 4.5 rating total for me. I enjoyed enough of my food and the service to definitely come back!I can't speak highly enough about our server, Ellen. She was just fantastic! Ellen checked on us often and when I told her I wanted to try the pizza next time, she surprised me a few minutes later with a sample of hot fresh cheese pizza in a box! She knew I was full, but asked me to try a bite so I could tell her how I liked it. The pizza was hot and delicious. It was thin, crisp and had the right amount of cheese. They sell pizza by the slice so that is good to know for future visits. From 11:00 am - 4:00 pm they have a handful of lunch specials that are worth checking out. They also offer gluten free pizza and gluten free pasta. You can place your order online for pick up.
4	I've seen this place for a long time when coming passing through the parking lot to walmart and finally tried it. It wasn't planned, but panned out nicely. The inside is clean and the service is excellent. On the walls they have signed pictures from various people. I believe the Holly Madison and David Cassidy ones are real because they haven nothing better to do but all the others look like something they ordered from a fan club through the mail. I started out with garlic knots that were very good but I could only handle like 3 of the 6 because there was so much garlic under the bread. If the side of red sauce that came with it had flavor then I think they would have went down better but just by themselves it is a lot to take. My wife liked them but felt the same way about the sauce. I ordered an Italian sandwich for dinner and it was decent. I wanted extra cheese that ended up costing $.60 more but that was cool by me. My wife enjoyed her soup but thought her pasta dish lacked flavor. Sauce is everything and if the sauce isn't good it limits what you can order at a place like this. I assume that a majority of people come here for pizza and pasta so I don't know maybe it's just me but the sauce needs some vavoom. My wife did sample some pizza and really enjoyed it. I will come back for sandwiches here anytime and want to try their wings. They also have lunch specials and offer a $5 for $10 yelp deal that I will use in my next visit.
4	We came for lunch. Ordered the lunch special spaghetti w/ meat sauce & garlic bread. Let me just say I love the meat sauce! It's a traditional sauce instead of the kind out the jar. Also had the antipasti salad small; which is basically a large salad. Each bite of the salad had a different veggie or meat! Was all very good. I gave four stars because the service was slow... Usually though we have faster service.
5	Great pizza, Very good atmosphere.  My favorite pizza joint in the area.
5	What this country is lacking is more small businesses like this place. I can't even begin to tell you all how wonderfully we were treated here. Not to mention that the food is spectacular!Our server, Tasha, was sweet and helpful. Who I'm assuming is the owner, "Mr. Rich", walked around and greeted each table with a silly pizza puppet making my kids giggle.We WILL be back and an planning on making this our new little family spot.
3	The Pizza was really good, but the service was weird. One girl sat at the bar and played on her IPad the whole time and the other older waitress sat and complained about how much money she was not making, customers don't need to hear it, meanwhile my drink was empty and I was not offered a refill, I probably will not return!!
5	Love this place, great pizza and great food, but most of all amazing service. Everything I eat here they make me feel like I'm at my friends house.
3	Service was sketchy until the owners sister came by and helped us.  Way too far to be a regular stop but the food was good and the odd but cool mexican drink options (horchata, jugo de pina, etc) was a nice surprise!
2	It's not really New York pizza. Sorry selling pie by the slice does not make it so. When I ordered "two plain slices she looked at me like I was nuts. No....just a East Coast babe ordering the only way I know how. The pizza itself is average the cheese isn't gooey enough and the garlic shaker has to be requested. The prices are good and the bathroom is very clean and well stocked. A good place for a quick bite with ample seating but not true to the East Coast quality I am accustomed too.(spoiled).
3	Ok, I'm sure there are several other reviews on here from native New Yorkers and I may sound a bit redundant but here it goes...THE FOOD: This' New York' pizza is just ok. Its about equal to your below average pizza in the city. Had the two cheese slice special for $5.95, a very good price as it comes with a drink. The slices are slightly smaller than your average NY slice but not by much. The crust And cheese were slightly burnt. I felt the sauce was just right. Not too much, not too little. Not too sweet, not too tangy.  It wasn't very hot when they served it.THE SERVICE: Pretty good. Nothing special but just the right amount of attention. Welcoming, friendly, courteous and professional. THE ESTABLISHMENT: Very accessible in a great commercial area in Cenntenial Hills. Very clean and cheery. They have a couple of TV's with the game on. Lots of NY flare and memorabilia. The lighting US a little low though. Most importantly they have beer and FREE WIFI!
4	We tried this place for the first time last night for dinner.  We were not even a little disappointed!  i ordered the meat and cheese lasagna and my spouse had a chicken calzone.  Both dishes were excellent.  The sauce on my lasagna was EXCELLENT... one of the best I have ever eaten.  I have to assume the calzone was just as good because I wasn't even offered a single taste!  I was told the crust was light and flakey and it tasted delicious.  Our server was training a new employee so we got plenty of attention.  A+ on service.  The only thing I can suggest they improve is the salad and dressing.  The salad was nothing more than a bowl of iceberg lettuce, two thin slices of tomato and a few Bermuda onion rings.  Visually it missed the mark.  The addition of some color to the bowl in the form of a few shreds of red cabbage, maybe a little shredded carrot , an olive or two, and a few croutons would be a big help.  The Italian dressing I ordered was also a disappointment; much too oily and lacking flavor.  The salad is the only reason I did not give this place five stars.  I will become a regular and can't wait to continue exploring their menu.
5	I always get the chicken Marsala her so good! Other favorites are spaghetti and meatball and chicken alfredo. I am not a big pizza eater but my family is so to find a place where I can have good pasta and they can eat pizza is a definite plus! Service is always really good and I have never had to wait to be seated.
5	Pizza is good. Service is good. The BBQ chicken wings are amazing. They have a special with a large pizza and a bucket of chicken wings which is priced at $29. Wife and I take the 4 teen kids and all of us eat for that price. One time a calzone was a little undercooked and they were very good about fixing it immediately and getting us a new one.The best part about this restaurant is that they have not caved in to the trend of all the chain restaurants in town (e.g., Chili's, Olive Garden, Tony Roma's, Applebee's, Red Lobster, etc.) where they seem to be heating up TV dinners in the microwave and serving them. At Mark Rich the food is cooked fresh.Enjoy.
2	Centennial location: I usually give Mark Rich's 5 stars.  Had a bad experience as the pizza had almost a cinnamon flavor to it this time and the pizza was no better than any other pizza here in LV.  Usually it tastes great.  None of the regular servers were there and they didn't have their license for beer and wine which they usually have.  Also the garlic knots were much smaller than usual and the sauce is a bit sweeter than usual.
4	It's safe to say that I am a huge fan of Mark Rich's NY Pizza. This cozy restaurant is located in Centennial Center in the Sam's Club parking lot. The restaurant is small-ish in size and the seating area is pretty compact.  Don't worry though, the noise level inside always is comfortably mellow and you still have plenty of elbow room. The walls are completely covered in pictures and hallmarks of the East Coast, building on the overall vibe of the place.  You must order the garlic knots! My husband and I are nuts for Mark Rich's garlic knots ($2.99). They're soft, thick, and loaded with garlic. I can't go here without having an order of them. I'd also recommend the eggplant parmigiana hot sub ($7. 95) with a side order of fries ($1.50). My husband's favorite is the schwarma pita ($6.99). All the food tastes fresh and homemade. The food comes out with lightning speed too. We used a restaurant.com certificate and our total came to $13! Mark Rich's is crazy affordable and has awesome food to boot.The service is always great. The servers are attentive and very friendly,  yet casual too. The garlic knots will ALWAYS keep me coming back for more.
4	The service was great, the pizza was really was good especially for the price. Can't wait to check out their other items, definitely a place worth checking out.
1	Horrible!!!!!!Drab dreary terrible service and sucky food.How  this place has fallen...as we walk in we get greeted with everything is the same just different owner....this couldn't be more removed from the truth!!! Used to come as a family and enjoy good pizza nice atmosphere and friendly attentive service...ITS ALL GONE!!! Don't go!
1	I would never recommend this place to anyone.  This is twice that I have ordered food from this pizzeria and just received the worst service. From the moment you call to order to picking up the food , it has just been a bad experience.  The lady at the front always seems sad or upset , the rest of the staff never greets or smiles.  No wonder this place us always empty. Good luck in the future but for now you lost this family as customers.
1	When we moved to Vegas two years ago, this was our go to place. Over the last few months, the place has changed ownership and the quality has gone to shit! The only waitress worth anything is Ellen, always has been. The new owner is an asshat! He was extremely rude and has absolutely zero business skills. Sadly, the quality of the food has also declined. I don't think we'll ever be back again!
3	On my first trip to Mark Rich's I tried a small personal pizza with pineapple, green olives, bell peppers, and onion. I asked for the then crust and was a little disappointed the crust was too floppy to eat with one hand. However, the dough was tasty and the toppings fresh and plentiful. I also tried the Caesar salad, which had a lighter dressing than I'm used to, less creamy and more of a vinaigrette. I tasted my friends' seafood linguini (Pasta Christopher) with pink sauce and Linda's Linguini, noodles in red clam sauce.The Christopher was definitely better and I liked the creamy but lightly fishy tasting sauce. Because we were celebrating a birthday they brought us a candle cannoli and it was rich and sweet.Overall I liked this place, the service was decent, and the prices good. It didn't jump out as spectacular but overall a good experience.
4	This is a decent pizza place. I ordered the specialty Spinach, Ricotta & Mozzarella Cheese Pizza and added mushrooms. It had a good flavor, they didn't skimp on the ingredients, and the crust had a good combination of a crunchy outside and a soft center. I would also recommend picking up a side of their ranch sauce-it's awesome!
1	Never ever order from the Tropical location they are closed! Although they have no problem taking your money. We sat and waited for our order for over an hour, then someone called and said: "We did not know if this was for delivery or pickup. Then we told them delivery. Okay. About 10 minutes later they call and say, so sorry the location you order from is closed. If you don't come to our new location and pick it up, you will not be getting your food. Oh and also we can't refund your $60. No food, no money. Happy birthday to me. Thanks a lot for nothing.
5	This restaurant is not closed... It is just under a different name. the menu is still the same as also the staff. Same Great Awesome food just under a different name.
