3	I decided to give Flavors of India a try.  Its close to where I work downtown and I work with a bunch of guys from India, so why not give it a try.  It's a very small take out place with about 6-8 dishes.  There are some other things like wraps, etc.  They had a special of 1 chicken dish with rice & naan for $6 bucks so how can you go wrong with that.  I ordered the chicken curry.  The portion size was a little small but the curry was very flavorful.  The naan had been sitting around and could have stood to be reheated a bit.  But overall not a bad place.  Since I'm not too knowledgeable about Indian Cuisine I'll have to bring some of my coworkers here and see what they think.  There are not too many Indian places downtown and Flavors of India is pretty OK.
3	Small Indian takeout spot in Latta Arcade with pretty good food, although my veggie entree was a bit watery.  The naan was fresh which is always important.  I'll probably go back and try something different just to make sure they're legit.
3	Being super close to where I work will do wonders for them because I eat a lot of Indian food. Still the food leaves a little to be desired in the flavor department. Things just don't taste that strong and the naan is kinda soggy. On the other hand the portions are generous.
3	The food was OK.  The Nan Bread was good and so was the Somosa.  There wasn't really that much choice.  I got the vegetable curry and it was bland.  Normally Indian food the spices that stand out and really give good flavor to the food. The Chicken Masala tasted like Chicken with coconut milk poured over it.  I would go back there again if all the restaurants in uptown Charlotte closed.
2	Walk across the street to Nirvana II and save yourself  the disappointment. I usually get the Chicken Tikka Masala and Chana Masala (chickpeas) and it has always be just 'OK'.  Last week I order the Chicken Tikka Masala and the gentleman served me two, lousy, small pieces of chicken- overboard on the sauce and rice.  Upon noticing this, I walked back in and asked if this was typical meat portion sizes and he responded 'Yes'.  After giving him the "really, are you kidding me?" look, he gave me a few more pieces.  Just not worth the $.
2	The food was flat and not overly fresh. It is worse than its Uptown competitors by far. The portions, however, were generous, but that does little good if the food isn't great. I would not go back.
3	Good food....sorry but I love Nirvana II more
4	Great little lunch spot that I hardly ever remember! A styrofoam takeaway joint in Latta Arcade. The food is basic but well thought out and seasoned nicely. The samosas are a delight. Looks like a family owned restaurant, they're super friendly, no trouble telling me what's what behind the glass. It's a good little spot to drop in on for a quick bite to eat.
