5	Not even comparable to the Berger Blanc which neglect and murder perfectly healthy young animals to save $$$. This SPCA is great.  Got my cat from there and those people actually care about animals and their well being. I've donated several times and they let me go upstairs where they have a few cats running around playing and downstairs where they treat the sick pets, everything was clean. The woman who was in charge of taking care of my cat after we adopted him ( he had the flue) was amazing and showed me around and answered my questions.  Two weeks after Chester was perfectly fine, he was 5 at the time, is now almost 12.  No secrecy or hidden agenda there.  Please adopt a pet, do not buy one, save a life, they need you !!!
4	I came here the other day to see how to volunteer and the shelter. It's a great place, always filled with people, when you see the animals, you want to take them all home!I wish I could but people I live with don't :(It's a really clean place, and the people who work there are mostly volunteers, and and treat the animals really well. I work a few blocks away so I'd like to lend a helping hand and cuddle with some animals and show them that we care. It's really dangerous, you will want to leave with most of the animals that are there. Pass by and see what they can offer you for a new companion.
5	The team at the SPCA In the TMR/park- extention area is so friendly and they are so passionet with their animals. They do what they can for the animals under their care.
5	I got a kitten from there around Christmas time. Everyone I know that has adopted a pet, has been from the SPCA!It is just great what they do!
4	This is the place where my friend got her cat last year. They neuter the kitten and vaccinate it for a very low price. Also, should the pet get sick in 30 days, they will cover the examination and drug fees.Love the place, this is the place to adopt your pet!
4	I was a volunteer here for a few years, working in the Exotic Animal Departement. This specific department is run entirely by volunteers and receives funding from donations and sponsors only. I admire all those who make this place work as I know how exhausting and draining it can be to take care of all these animals.For those who don't know, the SPCA does have a lot more going on than just dogs and cats. This is a great place to adopt rabbits, hamsters, guinea pigs, birds... They get so many different types of animals it's crazy. On occasion, a pig and rooster made an appearance!There is a PetFinder section on the SPCA website if you go under the Adoption tab, you'll be able to see a bunch of photos and descriptions of pets available for adoption, many of which are not at the shelter, but in foster homes.I strongly encourage anyone looking for a pet to give these ones a second chance.
