4	I've stayed at other Marriott chain hotels in the past but I honestly had no idea what I was getting at the Fairfield. The room was amazing! A king bed, a sofa bed, desk, large closet, two TVs, refrigerator, microwave, coffee pot, large glass shower, large bathroom, incredibly well lit space! My suite was better than a full Marriott suite at their high end hotels. At least in my opinion.I had one issue. The room always had a hint of pot smell when we returned from our day. We suspect it was a case of an adjacent room's activities spilling into our room. Also, the toilets have no flushing power. Ours clogged up on toilet paper alone, and it took the better part of the morning to get anyone to come up and fix it.Complimentary breakfast includes the standard grains and cereals with various milk choice; coffee, juices and teas; egg, sausage and packages, and make-your-own waffles. But as friend Christine A. mentioned, we're operating on cruise buffet rules. Be prepared for rude fellow guests hogging fridges and machines, standing around barefoot and in pajamas, kids running around and messes being made. If you want to avoid all that, hit up the breakfast area at 7 am on the dot.Otherwise, there is plenty of parking, the rooms are clean, spacious and quiet, and you're in the middle of a corporate park nowhere. The views includes the PayPal offices, parking lots, random green desert, and the freeway.But hey, free Wi-Fi.
5	Super clean, affordable hotel, centrally located.  They offer free breakfast every morning with coffee, eggs, bacon, sausage, oatmeal, waffles, fruit, yogart, cereal, danishes and soooooo much more. A great way to start your day! Good service, nice accommodations, breakfast....what more could I ask for.  When in the area, I will stay here again!!
4	The breakfast AND evening meals are great (for a free hotel food).  They rotate the menu so you get some variety.  The bed was comfortable and the staff was very professional.  The pool is ok - a bit small as is the gym.  The hot tub is a good size and comfortable.  Centrally located and easy to get around.Staying here on business is no problem
2	Clean and affordable but they overbooked.It doesn't matter how clean or affordable something is if your room is sold out from under you.  I never thought about making a formal complaint, but you keep sending me these emails to fill out a survey so here you go:Out of the 8 king suites our baseball team coach reserved, 6 were unavailable the night of check in. Each family has a different horrid story to tell of their stay, maybe they'll fill out their survey too. We are a family of four and the boys aren't little anymore! Earlier in the week I called in my credit card on the reservation the coach made a month ago. I confirmed a king suite for three nights. The day of arrival I called in the afternoon to confirm the room setup with a king bed and a pull out sofa.  I confirmed a late check in explaining we were driving in from LA and we wouldn't arrive until 2am. All good. Then after a 7 hour drive, @130am our room became a regular king room no couch, and I was asked to take the single bed room and they'd try to get me into a suite the next day. It took 20 minutes of pleading, me calling other hotels who were also sold out, and explanations that I had not only confirmed all of this 8 hours earlier but I had a tired husband, a 12 year old who needs his space and privacy when he sleeps and a 9 year old that's not sleeping in my bed either all waiting in the car. Upset. Tired. Disillusioned. Eventually they were able to get two rooms for the first night. At breakfast the next morning we chatted with our team families and confirmed only 2 of the 8 suites were available due to overbooking. The breakfast by the way was packed. The staff were great but the people vs. food in a small 2 hour window ratio was way off. Every dish was empty 80% of the time. I overheard many complaints as I people watched. Again, I went to the front desk and the lady said no rooms yet, @1030 I explained we were off to baseball for the day @ 11 and she said to just check back in the evening to see if we could move into one suite as a family. Annoyed. When we got back to the hotel @5 the front desk clerk was flustered with me, saying he needed my rooms or he was going to have to move other guests around. They had my suite. He made a fuss. I asked for a key to the new room for my boys and husband to quickly take their stuff to get showers and be back down in the lobby for an ASU game in a half hour. He said no, I needed to pack them up, bring them down to the lobby so they could flip the room now and only then would they give me a key to the new room. I refused not just because of the time factor, but honestly not trusting they wouldn't give my room away while I went upstairs to get everybody. He made a fuss. I said "I'm sorry for inconveniencing you, but I feel that I'm the one being inconvenienced here". He gave me a key, just one and made a BIG deal about getting the rest of the keys when I bring back the others. I travel. I have a family. We stay in a lot of hotels. So far they have me pissed off. Then the pool. Do you not make enough money from overbooking $160 rooms to heat the pool, or even the spa? The staff, the laboring staff were amazing. The cleaning ladies are your saving grace. Their quality and efficiency is brilliant. And they were so very nice to the boys and kind to our parents. We won't be recommending this hotel and won't be back. But now I'm thinking I should copy and paste this survey response onto yelp to save other families from the hassle of your hotel chain, thank you for the opportunity!
5	Rachel at the front desk was amazing, courteous and was able to answer all of my questions with a great attitude and smile. Not only was she helpful but she went above and beyond her duties to ensure a customer's satisfaction..
