1	Went in to have tires checked. They were 5 years old and decided to replace them all. Fair enough. The lady who helped us was very friendly and I appreciated that. After awhile she offered to have the guys do a free inspection. Ok. They didn't find anything wrong. Yeah!  Got in the car to leave and the engine light was on. Turned around to get that straightened out. The mechanics didn't seem to know what was going on. They found a disconnected house under the hood that had been disconnected during the free inspection. After putting it back together the light was still on.  They mechanics began to pull out their phones to...?  Ask someone for help?  I began to worry that they didn't know what to do. We went back into the waiting area while they continued to work on it. End of story so day: light is off.  We are back home. But, I don't feel strongly confident in their experience or knowledge. I went in to get a tire checked and all this happened.
5	The staff here is super friendly. Brought my car in for some brake work and was extremely happy with how kind and sweet Barry, Gina, and Danielle were. The techs are also very nice and you don't see that often. Will defiantly be bringing my vehicle here for my vehicles needs.
5	I had a tire blowout on the freeway coming home from work.  After getting the donut tire put on and knowing that I needed new tires, I remembered that this store had just opened a couple of blocks from my home.  When I arrived at the store close to closing time, Danielle greeted me and we purchased tires appropriate for my car.  I told her I would leave the vehicle and pick up the car the next day.  She then said something really amazing.  She said that they would stay a little late and put them on right away.  The customer service alone gets my 5 stars.  I am happy, my car is happy, and I will be back.
5	Went in for a quick oil change, and it was just that.  Employees were friendly and didn't try to get pushy to up sell.  Definitely be back again for my next oil change.
2	Lots of tires in the lobby but 3 people are seated at there is nowhere to sit!  Why not move or stack some tires and make room for customers?Came for a battery, online Firestone says $ 99 to $ 119 so I drive here and am quoted $ 178.  If the batteries are more than the range indicates take down the ad.  If you charge $ 89 to install a battery you need to disclose that as well.
5	Super nice and easy to work with! Came in with a flat,  and was in and out quickly!  They didnt try to upsell me anything! Definitely would suggest for services!
