3	The service was good, the decor was nice,  the food presentation was well done.  The food was good, but when I see prices in this range, I am expecting great.  I'm not saying the food is bad, but the quality of the food does not match the cost.  If the prices were lower, I would probably give this place 4 stars, but I know there are better restaurants in Madison at this price point.
4	My friends and I went here for restaurant week and LOVED it.  I had the calamari which was delicious for my app, the butternut squash ravoli which was AMAZING and the flourless chocolate cake for desert which was also delicious.  Great wine selection and loved the atmospher!!!  Our waitress was really great too!
1	Service was horrible and food was just ok. The bread was the best part of the meal but it didn't come to the table until after the salads. It was a Friday night and there were maybe 10 tables of people.  The service was slow and the waiter blamed it on the kitchen being backed up.  Wonder what would happen if they were busy? The bus girl was fun to watch and bet on which table she would grab a glass from next.  Didn't seem like anyone had been trained or wanted to work there. Only went because I had a Bucky book coupon.  Will not make that mistake again.
1	Well let's see, the caesar salad, minus soggy croutons, and the drinks were fine but it stops there. Ordered pork tenderloin and steak diane. Suffice to say my well done steak diane was medium rare at best and the pork tenderloin was dry, dry, dry, so overcooked that even if they gave us a steak knife, it would have been tough to cut. First and ONLY time we will ever go to Tuscany, YUCK! One other point, restaurant was 2/3 empty and service was still slow.
4	First time visit. We both had the prime rib ($16 for 8 oz, $19 for 12 oz, and $22 for 16 oz.). Dinner started with really good warm bread, butter/olive oil & garlic. Choice of soup or salad, we both had soup. Tomato parmeson and French Onion. They both were fantastic! Prime rib was tastefully seasoned and cooked to perfection. Have had a lot of prime rib in town and some taste too much like, well, like meat. This was really, really good. It came with hash browns and vegetables.The whole place has nice ambience and the lounge is cozy and has happy hour appetizers from 4pm - 7pm. Overall good food, good service, and good prices. We're definitely going back!
4	We stopped in one night during the week and there were only 2 other tables with people.  Didn't change much during the rest of the meal so maybe they make it up on weekends.  Anyway, the service was quite adequate for us as the waitress gave us some time to decide on our meal and then quickly took the order.The bread and olive oil that was served first was very good.  Our order of calamari was excellent!  I usually judge an Italian restaurant on how well they do calamari as its a touchy dish to get right.  Give them a 5 on that.  Plus it was not skimpy on the amount.My wife got a steak and I got the lobster ravioli.  The steak was good but nothing to brag about.  My ravioli on the other hand was outstanding!  Nice chunks of lobster, a perfect cream sauce and 4 big pillows of wonderful hand made pasta!  Didn't have desert but they have some nice dishes.Overall, I'd come back to try some of their other stuff.
1	This was a HORRIBLE place to eat. The food was the best part but that's not saying much.  The restaurant itself is a nasty 80's salmon pink hue with chandeliers trying to be something it's not.  It looks like it is, a hotel restaurant.  First off, they screwed up our reservation.  They had us as a no show for 5 o'clock but we came in on time for our 8 o'clock reservations.  The place was only half empty and they acted as though they'd have to scramble to find us a table.  They finally sat us and didn't give us a menu until we asked.  We also had to ask for a drink menu.  We came for restaurant week so the menu was limited but it sounded so good (hence why we came).The food was completely forgetable and generic.  Not worthy of the time, money or calories.  They also had run out of many items on the menu, which the waitress said "This is our first restaurant week, and we didn't know what to expect."  I can't even remember what I ordered it was that bad and forgetable.  Will never come back.
4	My wife and I tried this restaurant because we had a coupon. It was a little difficult to find at first (had to walk up some stairs, then walk through the bar), but once we met the hostess, it was smooth sailing from there. I ordered the steak and was very pleased with it. We liked the atmosphere, the service was good, and we would go back again.
1	The restaurant smells like an assisted living facility. There is a huge dining room and only 3 tables are occupied at any given time, which shouldn't come as a surprise I guess. Service is slow. The menu seems overpriced, especially given the other  dining choices nearby.
3	An Americanized-Italian restaurant in the suburb. It is connected to Fitchburg's Quality Inn. The location probably says it all about its (or lack of) character. Came here with a large group of friends and was lucky to get a chance to taste 10+ dishes. They were all good, but very standard. Nothing exciting or memorable. It lacks of charm. I also think it is slightly over-priced. If you live in Fitchburg, it could be a convenient neighborhood Italian place. Otherwise, I see no particular reason visiting this place.
5	I love this place. The atmosphere is beautiful and romantic- white tablecloth and candlelit. The servers are dressed professionally and look clean and put-together. It never seems to be too busy, so I love that. I've never had a wait or had a bad service experience. (Micah was our server, and he was awesome!)  I had the red snapper and it was probably the best fish I've EVER had. I definitely recommend it to others, and will be getting it again for sure. There's also a huge wine list, which I appreciate.  You can see the cooks preparing your meal from a tv screen, and I think that is pretty neat. Great place for date night.
2	Went for dinner with mother and uncle. All three meals where all right but not amazing. The quality to price ratio was off (too expensive). My meal was ordinary with meatballs that where dry and over cooked. Wine was good.
2	We stopped in to have dinner here. I had to send my pizza back because it had incorrect ingredients on it, the second time it was missing ingredients. We were still charged for all the extra toppings. By the time I got my order the rest of the party was done eating. The chicken Parmesan marinara sauce was very bland. The decor is dated and the dim lighting does not hide that. I would skip this restaurant.
3	The food was good but overpriced. I ordered a whisky sour, which was terrible, but I wasn't too upset as I had a free drink coupon. I was staying in the hotel so it was very convenient but I'll venture elsewhere next time I stay there.
