4	Being a fair distance off the beaten track for tourists and far enough away from the main student areas of town, Clars Bar attracts a large contingency of local residents rather than tourists or students. Me and my flatmates came here after signing our lease for our flat at DJ Alexander just down the road.The place had quite a nice appearance about it with lots of wood wherever you looked and seemed quite cosy and the clientelle seemed really friendly as did the staff. There were lots of drinks on tap including several real ales. It would be good to come here to watch a football or rugby match as I could imagine the atmosphere would get pretty intense in here. If I was more local to here I would definitely come more often.
5	Superb local bar. It really is a true local. Don't be intimidated by this as they all seem pretty friendly and you are in the affluent new town / stockbridge area. The decor is very traditional and this is one of it's main attractions.  Lots of wood, leather and brass. I can imagine nothing much has changed for decades. I don't go there as often as I would like but look forward to popping in when I'm in the area. It is a good place to watch sport and they will even change the channel if there is something more interesting on the other side.There are also 2 small rooms at the back which are ideal if going in with a group of frields.
5	Established in 1899 Clark's Bar is now one of the few traditional local bars left in Edinburgh. It's a welcome change from the masses of noisy themed and chain pubs further up the hill on George Street. A definite one-off with real character. It has been under new management since June 2013 and this has led to a marked improvement in the quality and variety of the beers as well as longer opening hours, especially at weekends. Great atmosphere for a quiet pint and a chat with friends (or indeed the regulars) or if you want to watch sport. They also do a nice selection of wines now and a couple of guest ales and it would appeal to a wider age and gender group nowadays. The decor hasn't changed much in years but with free WiFi and a Facebook page (www.facebook.com/ClarksBarEdinburgh) it is gradually bringing itself into the 21st century without losing it's traditional character. Highly recommended.
5	Great wee bar, often voted amongst the best  "proper" pubs in Edinburgh. Friendly vibe from an eclectic clientele. Love their sports. Good choice of real ales, malt whiskies etc. Serve 35ml measures. Bonus! Regular live music. Couple of little snugs if you want some privacy (or play darts). A real Scottish pub. All too few of them left in town. This is amongst the best.
