3	OK the toilet was hooked up to a hot water supply line! Flush before you sit and get a nice ass(face)ial!  OMG! Well that gives a whole new meaning to STEAMING pile of.............nevermind.For under 100 bucks per night I got a nice room with a mini kitchen including full sized refrigerator and dishwasher. The bedroom had a work desk, free WiFi and a wide screen TV!They were nice enough NOT to decorate in the 80's Southwest style instead going for a semi-Cape Cod look.The pool, wide screen and mini kitchen were nice but the highlight  here is the free breakfast. They have a do it yourself Belgian waffle station! One more reason to get up an (MTN) hour early!I hate hotel the motel but this place was nice.Thanks Tommy T. for letting me have two waffles for the road trip home ;)
2	Compared to the last two Marriott's we were at this week... not good. I will say, for the record, that they were great when we got a gross room (switched us immediately), and were great about waving the dog fee, since we weren't told there was one and will only be here for one night... but this hotel is outdated and badddddd.
2	Seriously, if I had the choice to stay somewhere else, I would. But because this was an all expense-paid trip by my job, I had no choice but to suck it up. Being that this hotel is part of the Marriott family, you would think it would be a good place to stay in for 7 weeks. But it's not. It could've been way better. Location: Hotel was hard to find at first. They are located right off of the I-17 but they are hidden behind the Marriott Springhill Suites. You'd have to drive into the Springhill Suites parking lot to get to the Towneplace Suites. We drove a few circles before we found the hotel. Room: Sticky rug - seems like someone spit their gum out on this one spot by the foot of the bed. Yuck! Not enough hangers - front desk gave me what they had left but it still wasn't enough. No dresser, although there were 2 small night stands on both sides of the bed. But how convenient would it be to get ready for work in the morning and have to go back and forth to get your clothes? I kept most of my stuff in my suitcase. And my room was not equipped with a suitcase stand! Savages!! My a/c unit didn't have a shield so my curtains would blow out every time the air came on. What happened to the little details that matter to the traveler on a business trip away from all the comforts of home? Bathroom: The bathtub drain was clogged. So every shower was like standing in dirty bathwater. Made me homesick for my own bathroom with my unclogged shower drain... Housekeeping: I didn't have them clean my room everyday but when they did, they did a good job for the most part. But again, it was the little things like replacing the dish-washing soap for the dishwasher after I used a packet. Or leaving a spare toilet paper roll. I had to use a box of tissues in the meantime. Other things: Their gym had old equipment and only one stationary bike and treadmill. Their door keys/door lock devices suck! I had to get my cards replaced more than 3 times, and had to have the front desk reprogram my lock after having problems with the key. I swear I was keeping the key away from devices like my cell phone and credit cards! Such an inconvenience when you can't get into your own room after a long day at work! The area is a little shady but there are restaurants close by and the front desk attendants are nice. But if you travel a lot for long periods of time, look elsewhere. You may thank me for it later!
1	Pretty bad. Wow. Marriott should be embarrassed.
1	Horrible customer service..ended up not staying at this hotel. Front desk would rather have a break then help and I am a silver elite member and the way I was treated, makes me not want to ever stay at a Marriott again...I would recommend another place to stay than this one, they treat you like slum...
4	What is a bit odd is that there is a Mariott Springhill Suites in the same parking lot with their sign above above the MarriottTownplace suites sign. The two are parallel in the same lot, sharing the same marque. So please be aware when you are going down the N Black Canyon highway road, a ONE WAY ROAD along the I-17, that they are in the same place. For a second we thought we were at the wrong place. I wish I snapped a photo, since we arrived after a long drive in traffic from Tucson and all three of us thought we either missed the hotel or had to go down further another drive way. If we had passed it, the turn around is a load of hassle; especially in traffic. Thank goodness for iphone GPS technology!We booked this hotel since it was located near the Black Canyon Conference Center, and we planned to walk over; the first morning of our conference we asked the front desk how to walk over. She didn't know what we were talking about and it was immediately next door. ( You can walk through the back of the parking lot straight to it)  When checking out we had trouble with the hotel charging our room, three of us stayed in a two room suite, but the staff member helping us didn't know how to split up the room charges on more than one credit card; a more seasoned person came in after 10 minutes and sorted it out, but also made a mistake; in the end running my card twice, another card three times. Fingers crossed that none of us got double charged; none of us did.The room itself was wonderful and clean. There were two rooms each with a TV and a living room with a pull out sofa bed, and a kitchen to prepare food stocked with plates, coffeemaker, toaster and the like. There was and iron and ironing board, so all our needs were met and it was across the parking lot from the Black Canyon Conference Center. So over all I'd be happy to return.
5	Great hotel with a super nice staff clean rooms and bright decor
4	Nice and clean. Get a room ending with a low number or ask for one away from the freeway. Breakfast was adequate, not too bad. Fahed at the front desk was able to find a cooler for us to use on a day trip to Sedona. Much appreciated! Would stay tree again!
4	Beautiful rooms for the low price!  Staff was very nice.  We had one little issue with the sink but it was fixed asap.  Next day they let us have a late checkout as we were waiting for friends to meet us.  Glad I didn't listen to the other not so nice reviews. We'd stay there again in a heartbeat!!!
1	Just finished a 3 week stay here.  When we made the reservation, we were told that renovations were being done, but that work was already complete in the building we would be in and that any work would be done between 9 am and 5 pm. Not true. We had a remodeled room, which was nice, but work was being done on a room 2 doors down from us.  Also, I was woken up by trucks before 6 am on several occasions and work routinely went until 6:30 or 7 pm.  The water and the elevator were also shut down for hours at a time multiple times during our stay and I found a baby scorpion in my room. However, the worst is that my wedding ring went missing from my room. I wasn't wearing it because it needed to be resized, and I only had it with me because we relocated. Had I known there was a safe at the front desk, I would have stored it there, but I was never told. Staff and management treated me like I was lying when I reported it missing. The response I got multiple times was "we have a very trustworthy staff."  They took a report that they sent to corporate, but admitted that nothing would be done with the report unless they noticed "a pattern of missing items".  So apparently the first theft isn't really investigated or punished, great policy! For the rest of our stay any staff members who knew about the report treated us awkwardly while the housekeepers barely cleaned our room & didn't even replace missing items like shampoo or dishwasher detergent. Many of the staff members (especially the breakfast lady, Debbie) were very friendly, but this doesn't make up for the rest of the problems.
4	My family of 6 stayed here for a week at Christmas.  The suite was very clean and comfortable. Renovations mentioned during other ratings must be completed, because there was none going on. The bedrooms each had a tv as well as the living room.  The free breakfast was a big cost saver for my family's vacation: the breakfast included waffles, eggs, potatoes, bacon, several bread and cereal choices, yogurt, fruit, juices, coffee, tea, and hot chocolate.
