5	So T.Spot is formally Tien Wong hot pot. I guess they changed it with the new additions to the menu..Here you can find ramen, Shabu hot pot, and boba teas.. Even honey toast! Came in and had the Tonkotsu Ramen.. Delish! The best Ramen I have had in AZ.. The pork bone soup is evident.  A lot of other places that I have tried do not put in the effort to use simmered pork soup for the ramen.Shabu hotpot looks good like always.. Will come back soon for that!Love!
4	Boba was really good, but ramen was just OK. It didn't taste unhealthy enough, if that makes sense. Still, I'd definitely go back.
4	This is a great place for a delightful and healthy hot pot meal.  I joined the International Supper Club UYE here for a shabu shabu experience and it was fun - that is, after the initial confusion of looking for Tien Wong Hot Pot without our being aware of the restaurant's name change. The cooking broths were savory and  the ingredients we chose - bok choy, napa cabbage, squash, shabu, lamb, bean curd skin, udon, clear noodles - were fresh and easily cooked. The server gave us useful tips on cooking times and everything worked out quite well. We enjoyed all the things we cooked in the broth, then at the end of the meal, enjoyed the cooking broth that had by then become a very tasty soup. I look forward to coming back and sharing fun, tasty (and very interactive) meals here with more friends.
4	My husband and I had a great time here with our fellow International Supper Club diners. There was some confusion in the beginning since we didn't realize that they had changed the name from Tien Wen Hot Pot to TSpot. They still had many great hot pot options and so once we found the place, we all were happy to go on this new culinary adventure together. None of the four at my table had done this before so the menu was a bit confusing. You basically pick a broth (or you can have a split pot with two broths, which we did with spicy and the basic one) and then order about one meat and noodle serving for each person, plus a bunch of veggies. Which can be a bit challenging since everyone likes different things. Once the broth was boiling away on the burner in the center of the table, the server brought out what seemed like a never ending amount of plates with all the raw foods to cook in the pot. Everything we had was delicious but I really loved the udon noodles and gyoza which was not a surprise since those are some of my favorite foods. What was a surprise was how good the Korean pumpkin tasted. I have never had it before but it was delicious! Just be aware that it takes a lot longer than the other veggies to cook! Our waitress was on top of everything, bringing us more broth when needed.I highly recommend TSpot for yummy food and a fun experience. Oh, and another great thing about this place is that they have a variety of boba tea. I tried the lychee green tea and it was very refreshing and light (not too sweet or artificial). I know I will be back here.
2	Got their specialty Ramen and it was decent for $7.  They give you a good amount of meat, but my broth was salty as heck.  Green tea cheesecake was good, but a small round 4" for $6!?  Also got a glass of water and the glass was dirty.  You could see lip marks and residue all over...gross!  Service was alright...it seemed like they waited on you based on how much the waitress can handle.  There was a group of 8 that came in after us and waitress told them it was going to be about 20 mins, yet there were 3 big tables available.  I would give it another try.
2	Tien Wong Hot Pot was the placed picked for the International Supper Club UYE, but come to find out they actually changed their name to T-Spot and well it was sort of hard finding the placed, but we made it!The place is decorated nicely, like the feel of the joint.My table went with a split pot of broth, half spicy, half not. We ordered a mixure of veggies, beef, chicken and noodles. We got to cooking our food.  I also orderd the Taro Boba Tea, which was delish!  I enjoyed spending time with my friends cooking our meal, but I don't feel I got the best bang for my buck and honestly I was still on the hungry side.  It was a great experience doing the Hot Pot, I have had shabu shabu out in the LA area, and it was incredible, so I was looking for that WOW factor again.  I might come back to T Spot since its right down the street from me to try some ramen on a cold day.
3	I really wanted to love this place. Maybe I have high expectations. The idea is great but they just didn't deliver for me personally. I came here because of a tonkotsu ramen craving. So I am a bit shy and one of my pet peeves is being the only one eating in a restaurant. The windows are covered with signs so you could not see if there were more people inside. Luckily I built up the courage and walked in. There were a few tables of people in there.I was greeted right away and was giving a vase of cucumber water and a glass of ice. I ordered the tonkotsu right away with straight noodles. You can choose several combinations like thick noodles or curly noodles and different broths. I also ordered an almond milk tea, but they ran out so the server suggested lavender. It was good, but the boba pearls were not my favorite. I imagine a good boba pearl to be sticky, chewy, soft, and sweet. I felt like boba was a little undercooked. As far as the ramen goes, it was a bit on the salty side but it wasn't unbearable. It was just okay for me. I was surprised there was a lot of meat. What I was also surprised about was the table next to me had a vegetarian in their party and the waitress said there were no vegetarian options! They don't even have a vegetarian broth? I was a bit disappointed for the woman. Her friends ate ramen and she ordered a cheesecake. In the end I was debating between 3 or 4 stars. I thought it was okay and I wouldn't mind coming back.
4	Used to be called Tien Wang Hotpot but now it's called T-Spot. Came here for the hotpot and i wasn't disappointed. Opted for the Ying  Yang ( 2 broths). The herbal broth is definitely one of the better ones I had in US, and the Ma La Spicy Broth has the right spice in it without causing you to give up halfway. The waygu beef and chicken were thinly sliced and goes well with the broth and accompanied sesame sauce. My only wish is that they would add more selections to their menu. Overall, a happy and satisfying experience!
1	If you have high expectation like me, you will be disappointed. I went there because I want to try the ramen noodles, but their "tonkotsu" is not tonkotsu at all, not even close. It tastes like some sort of Chinese style pork soup. Whoever making this "tonkotsu" should at least go to Sushi Ken or Cherryblossom Noodle Cafe to see what "tonkotsu" is like. Or better yet, go to the Ramen Museum in Yokohama, Japan to see the real deal.On the plus side, the ramen texture is good, very hot when served. I will not return to this place.
4	I've always been a big ramen fan- whether it be homemade or at a restaurant; So when I saw they had opened a ramen place in Chandler I was psyched! I hit this place up on a Thurs night so it was a little slow but I had no issues with that. When you walk in the ambiance is so pleasant! The colorful paper lanterns inside are so pretty but the best part of course is the food- I ended up getting the tonkotsu ramen w/ everything and it was sooo good! I was stuffed when I was done, which is a shame because I wanted to try the boba tea. I will be frequenting this establishment again!
3	My friends and I were not super impressed with TSpot.  We tried the tonkatsu and chile ramen, and while the price is alluring ($6.95/each), the broth left much to be desired.  The word that comes to mind is bland, even for the chile broth.  The portions were slightly smaller than other places (ex. Sushi Ken), but it did still feel substantial.  Overall, it wasn't the greatest ramen I've ever had, but it was decent.  If you're in the area and have a craving for some decent, affordable ramen, give it a try.  But I wouldn't go out of my way to visit TSpot.
2	We visited on a Saturday night as a 4 top. Half of us had been here previously when it was Tien Wong's Hot Pot and raved about it. Personally, I was disappointed. The service was slow and about 20 mins after we submitted our order, we found out they were out of shrimp (no heads) and the chicken. Really? On a Saturday evening at 7:40pm? Thumbs up for planning ahead...(eye roll).The food was, over all, ok. My favorite part was the watermelon tea though. I'll possibly go back to try some of the other teas and sit on the ramen side. Oh, and don't forget it's BYOB and they charge an uncorking fee.As my boyfriend pointed out, this place has a good game going. You bring your own booze, they charge you to open it, they entice you with options only to run out of them so you pick more expensive protein, and then they make you cook it yourself. Talk about low overhead! LOL
4	The hot pot side wasn't all I hoped it to be, but the ramen was on point! Good music at an acceptable level to still have conversations over. The tea they serve is also delicious. I only wish they where open on Mondays because that's my day off.
