5	This was our best medical option when my wife could barely move and we weren't sure how serious her condition was. Dr. Flanagan showed up within 30 minutes -- far less time than we would have spent getting dressed, driving to an urgent care facility and waiting to see someone. He made a quick assessment of the situation that I believe saved my wife's life. I will call this provider first whenever I have a medical problem that requires immediate attention. I recommend them to anyone who appreciates convenience and getting care in the comfort of their own home.
5	Five stars isn't A good enough rating  for Doctor Housecalls of Paradise Valley.If it wasn't for them my wife wouldn't be walking today.  We were vacationing in the Phoenix area when my wife suddenly lost feeling in her legs. We learned at the resort where we were staying of Doctor Housecalls' services. After coming to our room they realized that my wife had more than a simple problem. They arranged for an MRI the next day of her spine.  It revealed that when my wife had fallen two years ago after being attacked by a dog, she had jogged loose and separated her vertebrae.  Upon receiving those results they immediately arranged for her to be seen by experts from the Barrow Neurological  Institute in the emergency room of St. Joseph's Hospital.Their astute diagnosis and intervention prevented my wife from becoming a paraplegic.We have called for their assistance on subsequent visits to the Phoenix area.  In each and every instance their diagnosis and treatment, their expertise and professionalism has been spot on.  They provide a truly exceptional service.Larry Hourcle, Saco ME
5	5 stars for sure. This was a life saver. I'm in Scottsdale for 2 week business trip and realize I left my meds in MS. Also was time for refill but it's a med that can't be called in and one I can't do without. So I call this Dr's # thinking it was a clinic but it was the DR himself. He asked me some questions about what issues I was having and within an hour he was at my hotel examining me. This is the best medical service I HAVE EVER experienced and wish more doctors would start practices like this. So my review is this service couldn't be any better and basically saved my life, sanity, and my job !
5	Dr. Lipsky is wonderful. He came to me at my hotel and was very professional. A real house call!
5	Dr. Lipsky, is an amazing human being and a spectacular medical doctor.  I was in the worst pain of my life, I couldn't walk, I couldn't stand, My mouth went numb, tongue, fingers toes and face.  My ears went numb, I could not hear right, like if one was under-water, I was about to faint-----I was having a major issue with a muscle I pulled which tightened up on me early in the morning and left me standing in a corner, not able to move, and in tears.  DR Lipsky arrived at my home in less than thirty minutes!  BY the time he came, he was able to get me to sit and he was able to restore much of my mobility, while also at the same time he destroyed most of the pain with his understanding of pharmaceuticals, compassion, and I am guessing a great understanding of the human body.  He came, he was friendly, he put me at ease in a very bad moment, he was my hero, he saved my life (it felt like it at least).   For this act, for the person he is, for how he put me to ease when i was trembling with pain, I write him this review.  5 stars Doctor Lipsky, you deserve it, you are an exceptional human being. I would recommend this man to anyone.
5	I can't say enough good things about the service my husband received yesterday from Dr. Lipsky.  My husband was recently released from the hospital and was unable to go anywhere and I had a concern about his breathing and wanted to make sure he was not exhibiting signs of pneumonia.  Dr. Lipsky came right out and was truly wonderful in every way.  He was compassionate, thorough, detailed and talked to my husband at length and was not in a hurry.  He also ordered a portable x-ray and they came to our home and did the x-ray.  He gave my husband input and recommendations and was incredibly knowledgeable (of course) and had a great bedside manner.  Oh, and today he called to follow-up to see how my husband was doing.  This type of service is old school, you don't get this from doctors these days, I'm sorry to say.  I would absolutely recommend him and will do so to my friends and family.  My husband was so grateful to not have to go to a clinic and to have found Dr. Lipsky.  We will certainly continue to use him.
