4	Lindsay and Gilmour is a family run pharmacy chain who own stores across East Central Scotland and the Borders.They've been on the go since 1826 and still maintain a very high standard throughout their stores. Like most family run pharmacies, they look quite fancy on the inside, but aren't any more expensive than Boots. What's more, you are more likely to find a cure for your ailment in here than having to go through 10 aisles of make-up before you get to the Allergies counter. Boots is great if it's one of the supserstores but their smaller branches are often lacking. Lindsay and Gilmour, on the other hand, thrive on their smaller sizes, so getting a prescription from here is a much more personal experience. Staff are very helpful and attentive towards the local community, which makes the experience a lot more like picking some drugs up from your local GP than a store on the main road.Local pharmacists are a dying breed, which is a shame since their knowledge of products and pharmaceuticals is often a lot sharper than you'll find on the high street.
4	This is an excellent pharmacy with helpful staff, a good range of products and everything is reasonably priced too. When I popped in it was very busy and it wasn't a particularly busy time of day so it goes to show how popular this pharmacy is. Luckily, it's a good size so even though there were quite a lot of people in it didn't feel cramped.I spent a good wee while looking at their natural soap and bath bomb collection. They had a cranberry bath bomb that had the most amazing smell and came in a cute little see-through gift bag. I really liked that they stock these little gifts as nothing says "get well soon" more than a nice gift, especially one that smells as good as the smellies on offer here.
4	This is my go to pharmacy for drugs. - oh.. that sounded a little too much like Heisenberg did it? They are conveniently located and open from 9am to  6pm.I have my GP Practise close by in Bellevue. This means I can get my prescription slip and hand it in within 10 minutes - normally it will take about 20 -30 min when the order is ready - even though they provide chairs to wait on, I will wait a bit in a nearby bar or go for an haircut, or whatever I still need doing around Elm Row. They also have a pick up prescription service for further out Health Centers. It is an old pharmacy - well the building and interior is. This contrast a little with the clinical look you're supposed to have when running a pharmacy. I would love it if they used the space and really create an old look pharmacy. Oh well.. *sigh* They do what they do very well. The pharmaceutical assistants are knowledgeable and very friendly. The prices are reasonable and product availability is usually good. They are accessible for wheel chairs and have a consult room / area. In all a well run pharmacy.
