4	We stopped in here, because it is in the same plaza as Predators Reptile Center and it was definitely worth looking at. They have a very large selection of salt water fish and a few fresh water fish as well. Its a small store, but still pretty cool.
5	Kingsley is the man.  He knows what he's talking about.  I've been a customer for over 15 years and I still love it.
4	I went here looking for aquarium decor but I spent about 45 minutes checking out the place. It is roughly 75% salt water and 25% freshwater. They have a nice selection of tanks and stands (not easy to find in Phoenix). There appears to be a wide selection of parts for your aquarium.The salt water fish selection is quite good.  They have a smaller collection of fresh water. They have a small selection of live rock.Prices seemed just okay.The most important thing is that I was offered help three times during my visit. That, to me, makes for a great store.I'll probably be back.
4	This is a very good local fish store. Probably my favorite thing here is the customer service. If I have any questions about my tank or future purchases I would probably come here first. The general staff is knowledgeable, but if you catch the owner (or to a lesser extent the woman whom I think is his wife) he is probably the best source of info you could get.This store is rather small, but they have a good selection. Also they seem to have a somewhat rotating selection so it's worth it to check in often. Their selection of supplies is excellent and possibly the best I've found in the east valley. Also, the prices here seem better or comparable to other stores.
5	Excellent store, great staff, and HUGE wealth of knowledge. Everyone who works here is super friendly, they order anythign you want, and carry a great selection of live and dry goods. My entire tank is stocked from this store. SASHA is a great person and has helped me to grow a beautiful tank over the last two years.
2	The store is ok but dont think we will be back. The stock was limited and items werent marked nor did they have prices (or the prices were confusing). Save a trip and visit Reefmonsters or The Pet Shop, which are both in the same general area.
5	Now that I'm deeper into fish than I was when I wrote my first revue, I thought it was fair to write a new one. After comparing salt water sections all over the valley, Aquarium Arts wins for largest variety of animals and is very competitive as far as pricing goes. Their live rock and accessories are also among the cheapest around.They have a few really cool large aquarium set ups for sale that would look awesome in anyone's home.They also have a wide variety of fresh water fish, but they don't have quite the variety as a few other local stores. I love their planted tank where they do have a large variety of healthy plants at good prices. Aquarium Arts has fast become my favorite all around fish store out there and when it comes time to stock my new salt water tank, this will be my first stop, despite being the furthest away from my house. It is definitely worth the drive.
4	I was having a problem with our koi fish and determining how to treat it.  I went to a 'koi pond' specialist on the west side who will remain nameless.  Instead of 'helping' me I felt they just wanted to take advantage of the fact that I was a little clueless and desperate since I didn't want to loose my fish.  They  charged me $25 to do a 'scale test' so they could tell me I had Chilodonella and sold me 5 lbs of salt for $5.  When I called to tell her the salt treatment wasn't working and was trying to get some questions answered she said to come back in and do another scale test for another $25....that seemed ridiculous to me and then I remember Aquarium Arts.  They had helped me out many years ago when I had fresh water fish.I went down there spoke to one of the guys, he took his time and answered ALL my questions for FREE , what a concept! We put our heads together and agreed that an FMG (QuickCure) treatment might do the trick....so basically for less than $3 I fixed the problem.  If you ever have a problem with your fish these guys are great at  answering all questions and pretty knowledgeable.  I am definitely making sure that in the future I support this mom n pop business!
5	We've been coming here for several years for our 55-gallon freshwater aquarium, and finding Aquarium Arts (after getting fish from a box store that died constantly!) was the beginning of our success with our tank.These guys are so knowledgeable, and we have had MUCH better success with their stock than the box store.  The box store may have a guarantee, but only like 20% of the fish we got there survived so we were constantly going back and trading them in.  It was awful!  We love Aquarium Arts -- they have helped us as beginners start to have a LOT more success!
4	This place is freaking great great. If anyone has a hard time find tools and supplies for yheir tank check tgis place out. You great customer service too which you can't put a price on. They're prices are damn good. They have some pretty healthy fish and great invertebrates.
1	I was here last weekend and I was very disappointed. The staff wasn't very friendly. And someone finally greeted me after I already looked around the whole store. I went in to look at their betta selection and I couldn't believe my eyes! All the bettas were in dirty water and there was even a dead one! I attached some pictures of how filthy their water was. It looked like they hadn't cleaned their cups in weeks. I was so upset I had to get outta there. DONT SELL BETTAS IF YOU ARENT GOING TO PROPERLY TAKE CARE IF THEM.
2	Let me begin by saying I have been a loyal customer, and thier owner (older guy with long hair) has been great to me. Unfortunately I recently had to re-do ine of my aquariums. Since I knew aquarium arts had fair prices and a large selection of freshwater fish, I decided  to do most of my shopping here. However I doubt I will ever shop here again after they way I was treated this evening. The owner was not there, and it was staffed by a crew of younger people who seem to try and do a good job. But one in particular ( tall slender guy with short hair and a short beard) was extremely rude to me. Since I have done lots of shopping there lately and spent a lot of money, I know he recognized me, and purposly treated me like shit. Why? No clue? I was asking about purchasing a 50 $ fish and the guy gets all grumpy, and rudely replies. He also refused to help or answer any questions. When I asked about something that was not priced, he got upset and gave me a ridiculous pruce on an aq ornament. What matters is if the owner is not there, the emploees know nothing about customer service. And they just lost a very loyal customer! The Pet Shop in mesa here I come!
5	I absolutely love this place! I have had a little ten gallon tank for about a year now and it was nothing but an aquatic graveyard. I went to Aquarium Arts and got the right advice to get my tank in order. Since I went there I haven't had a single casualty, my tank is clean and my plants are thriving. Even better I don't feel like I'm getting boxed responses like I did at the chain pet stores.While you're there sign up for their email specials. They have some great deals.
4	What a great store!  The staff is very helpful and polite.  The guy with long hair (forgot his name) helped us set up our 55 gall. aquarium and he was very knowledgable and pointed us in the right direction.  I have called the store a couple of times with questions and they are always willing to help!  Thank you!   We will be back.
1	We used to shop here a lot. I've been in the salt water hobby for around 6 years now and in the beginning, I came here a lot. I even introduced my mom to the hobby and this was her go to store. I would say 40% of my corals came from here and more than 75% of my fish were bought here. The store USED to be great. Chris Rua (sp?) has always been helpful, kind and friendly whenever we stopped in.  -BUT-Over the past two years, we stopped making the rounds to this store because it wasn't worth the time or drive (they're the closest store to us).  More specifically, the service these last two years has been nothing short of awful. Chris hasn't been there the times we've been in and we have stood around for more than 10-20 minutes trying to get helped. On most occasions, the store is nearly empty and we can't even get a greet or a smile. It seems like the place is run by teenagers. I only ever see people under the age of 20 in there... They're not knowledgeable, not helpful and very unfriendly. Just because some of the competition closed down, doesn't mean it doesn't exist. Take your money to the places who treat you well, I know I will be from now on.
4	Kingsley is a great guy and has owned this place since I can remember, one of my best friends was an employee when he was in high school.  The staff know their fish but can a little green when it comes to customer service, mostly because they are so young.  The quality of the fish has been great, don't think I have had any problems with dead fish.  The store can get quite busy and this is where it may be a problem for the younger staff.  I still go here all the time and find it to be one of my favorite places to buy fish. Another place is the Pet Shop but that's way out on the east end of the valley.
5	I have to say since starting my new hobby I have been to EVERY pet store in the valley and Chris and his store are by far the nicest! They have a great variety of fish and Chris has helped me personally every time I've come in. He also was helpful and not judgmental in a problem I was having with my tank. Unlike The Pet Shop which made me feel stupid and like I was purposefully hurting my fish. This store now has a loyal customer in me!
5	Shopped here ever since Pets Inc closed for freshwater fish and been very happy with knowledge and diversity of fish. This week Candace helped us and checked our water quality as well. Would recommend to others.
