1	This review is of the salon and of Brooklyn Byers who rents a station in the salon.The salon is actually very nice, a bit small but comfortable and I like that it's not super noisy.  I've only ever seen 3 stylists there and they were all about as friendly as they needed to be.Brooklyn is the stylist I've seen a few times now.  The first time I saw here she did a good job, it was just a basic cut.  The next time again was just a trim so it was fine.  This time I saw her for a pretty big chop off and some color.  The cut was fine, not great, not horrible.  The color has been a total nightmare.  I had some purple foiled in underneath, it's not solid but there is a fair amount of it all around my head.  When leaving the salon after my appointment I realized it was not only blue but really streaky.  She had bleached my hair first then applied the color.  I went in a week later for a touch up and this time left purple and solid.  After only 3 washes (with color safe shampoo and in cold water which she recommended and in 7 years of having my hair colored I've never heard of) it's back to streaky.  It's slightly more purple then it was when first done but full of streaks.  Nothing is more frustrating then a stylists who says they can do something no problem and then fails to deliver.   My other major frustration is the length of time it takes to get a service.  For my touch up last Saturday I was there for 4 hours.  That's ridiculous, not to mention the fact that she booked a simple hair cut in the middle of my appointment that took her 90 minutes!I would not go back to Brooklyn and cannot recommend her to anyone.
5	I have no idea what the lady below me is talking about. To be frank, im offended by what she said about Brooklyn  I have been going to Brooklyn every three weeks for 2 years and I adore her!I am naturally a very dark brunette and she keeps me platinum blonde. I have gotten my hair cut numerous times through her and always love my cut. She is reasonably priced and has a great personality. I will NEVER switch stylists!
5	Every time I see Alaina for my hair it's a great day. She is a master at color and cut not to mention time spent in her chair is always a great catch up time. She always introduces her clients to each other so when you are changing chairs in the process of color you never feel awkward. I have met some of the nicest people in her salon. The salon is small so attention to each customer is always a priority. Great location too for fun shopping after getting beautiful!
5	Brooke Byers is my hair dresser at this salon and she's great!  I have only been going to this salon for a few years but I've been going to Brooke for as long as I can remember.  She always does a great job!  I am not that creative with my hair and she always makes it look great.  I've only trusted two people in my life with my hair and she is one of them, so I think that says a lot.  I have long hair but she also does really good with short hair (I've only had short hair once but a lot of my male friends go to her).  She does a great job, and very personable and cheerful.  I completely disagree with Stacey's review below.  I'd recommend Brooke to anyone and everyone.
5	Brooke Byers is a great hair dresser!  She has been styling my hair for over 6 years now and is great at putting up with my back and forth hair color (light to dark and vise versa) with perfection.  She is good at listening and understanding creative ideas but is also great at educating/giving advice on how to keep the integrity of your hair intact while trying to reach your request.   I value her advice when it comes to shaping/framing the face.  I like the coziness of Entourage and the flexible hours.  Thanks for the great hair Brooke!
