5	Dr. La Motte and her staff by far the best pediatric office in town!!
5	great staff but I prefer DR.: Lamontt because she doesn't always prescribe meds right away cus I feel some doctors r quick to prescribe Antibiotics... but the offices are all great!! the Rainbow office is excellent!! they r fast and tentative ;) over all... nice office n doctors!!!
1	Dr. Lamotte is awesome... But the back office staff ruins the experience. The nurse who gave my child shots...( I believe her name was Aurora) She removed the caps of the injections with her mouth and I didnt see her wash or sanitize her hands. Never again.
1	This used to be a wonderful medical practice.  Dr. LaMotte has aquired too many patients and quality of care has morphed to making a profit.  I was unable to get necessary referrals for my children, including one to neurology for my son despite begging for two years.  The MDs refused to refer my daughter to chiropractic for her migraines and wanted to push meds on a teenager.  When her dermatologist suggested birth control to help treat her acne, Dr. Mihic gave her the third degree about sexual activity and made her cry.  My insurance does not fully cover the cost of vaccine and I alerted staff that my children were VFC patients.  I was charged for the vaccine as they chose to use private for sale vaccine to make more money and NOT use VFC vaccine since I have insurance.  This practice is wrong and as an underinsured patient my kids incurred a fee.  I have since pulled my four children from this medical practice and found a new pediatrician.  I will be filing a formal complaint against the practice as well.  Do not take your kids here if you want quality medical care.
1	I am changing my daughter's PCP. EVERY TIME I have been here has been a fiasco. Let's start with my first bad experience, from last year. My daughter needed a well check before a dental procedure in Feb, at the time she had a cold, so they wanted to see if she could do the procedure. So I took her in. After being shamed by the front desk for not knowing who my daughter's PCP was, having to explain why she wasn't on my insurance, and explaining that her father had chosen this location and that was my first time bringing my daughter in, they wanted to do a urinalysis, my daughter was 5 and felt uncomfortable and couldn't. We waited quite some time for the doc,then found that my daughter had a double ear infection. So they had to change her antibiotic, as she was on a separate one from a botched dental procedure that led to an abscess. Then we went in again the following month, to see if she was able to get her procedure, and again the shaming about not knowing her PCP (as we never seen the same doc, every trip), then telling me (again) that "It's weird for a parent not to have their child on their own insurance" (as my daughter was on her father's and step mom's (because I had to wait until I was able to add her on mine during the next enrollment period)**an explanation that I should not have to share**. Then being told to do another urinalysis ( that my daughter couldn't do), of which, during that time, they gave away our time that we had been waiting, and room....then we had to wait over an HOUR to be seen! Finally when the nurse came in, turns out my daughter was due for her vaccinations...when I had promised my daughter that there would be no shots. They couldn't tell me this before, on our previous visit??? Now, to my daughter's last visit. She had not been feeling well for a week with a cold, then she showed no signs of improvement, so she stayed out of school, and I asked her grandmother to take her in, as her dad and I couldn't take the time off work. I gave her my insurance card and didn't realize I had forgotten to add my daughter's PCP, so they were waiting while I called my insurer to add. I had been on hold for 20 minutes and my call was dropped, I called back and was on hold for another ten before I called the ped's office and asked if they could just use my daughter's father's or step mom's insurance as it has been a long wait and she was still waiting...then the lady who answered ACCUSED me of insurance fraud. Then I asked for her name, and exclaimed I was going to make a formal complaint and the nurse's tone completely changed. She offered to let me speak to the office manager. I spoke to the office manager who put me at ease and exclaimed that the wait was due to shortage of rooms, not  my insurance as my ex mom and law was made to feel, and that she would speak to the nurse who took my call.If you want to feel like a sub par parent, be accused of fraud....yes, go here.
5	4.75 stars.My appointment with Dr. Kim Lamotte was at 930. I arrive about 910 to fill out paperwork, and what not for my 13 month old's first visit. She runs around the office before we are called back.I have not completed the second page of the packet, when a nurse calls us back. We get into a room, where I undress my daughter down to her diaper for her weight and measurements. The nurse puts on gloves, and properly cleans my daughter's big toe for a quick pea sized sample of blood for an iron test.A few minutes go by, and a student studying with Dr. Lamotte comes in and goes through some basic information about my daughter. He checks her ears, her heart, and her belly.My guy and I couldn't come to an agreement on vaccines when she was little, due to the "conspiracy" of it all... but thankfully, we have been able to agree on a spaced out schedule. Dr. Lamotte only does 3 vaccines at a time.By 1010, Dr Lamotte enters, and is straight business. I have a history with Dr. Lamotte, she was my pediatrician, and I saw her until I was 18. Not sure she recognized me,, but her attitude is all the same.She gives me information on nutrition since my daughter's iron was a smidgin lower than what they would have liked to have seen.She re-examines my daughter again, eyes, heart, tummy, diaper, and tells me that no forward facing car seat until 2 years old.The nurse comes in for vaccines.She gives me my alternated vaccine schedule, we lay my daughter down, she puts on gloves, takes off the caps, and she was quick.Dr. Lamotte came in after the vaccines to make sure all is well, and says good bye.In and out in under an hour. THANK YOU!!!!!Only thing(s) that I would changeCalling back before the packet is done. Trying to make sure my daughter doesn't get into things in the back room, helping the doctor's holding her, etc, while trying to fill out this packet, is frustrating.
4	Dr. Mihic is amazing always remembers my kids she takes her time but never runs horribly late. My daughter needed a nebulizer a few months ago they couldn't tell me what my copay would be just had me sign a waiver understanding I'm responsible for the cost. I wish the front desk would have been able to tell me the price more effectively. Dr. Mihic is fantastic love her attitude. We do an alternative vaccine schedule and we discussed our reasons and she worked with us understanding our beliefs which was great. I prefer the spring valley location over the eastern.
1	I really want my daughter to be seen by a doctor and not by a pa. I have taken my daughter to them about 5-6 times this year and every time my daughter has been seen by a PA. I can't wait to change insurance so I don't have to have dr lamott as my child's doctor whom I have not met yet since January.
3	I have to remove a  few stars for the front office.Today, I come in and am told that there is a $35 balance on my account.... Never having a balance before, I ask for what the $35 is.The older blonde woman with the glasses tells me that it is for a no show fee on April 2nd.Swearing that I had called and cancelled that day, I checked my phone history. The last time that they had called me was on March 26. When telling the woman that I didn't get a call the day before, (like I did yesterday, for today) she actually got really Shitty with me. About how sometimes voice mailboxes are full (mine never is) and that it's a courtesy...they don't ever need to call and remind me of an appointment.Uh... Well then why do you do it ? My daughter is getting caught up on her vaccines, and if I was scheduled for the 2nd..... How did I make this appointment...?  Or when I was making this appointment, why wasn't I told that I have an appointment on April 2nd ? I'll have to look back in my check - ins and see when I was here last.... Because if they last called me on March 26... Most likely for an appointment, why would I come back in a week ? And $35 for a no show ? That's more than for a bounced check ! Especially if it's my first and only "no show."I love Dr. Lamotte and her nurse Sylvia. I am usually no more than an hour here. But tame that old hag in the front will you ? I don't need to feel attacked when I am just asking a question and trying to understand what I am paying for.
2	Hate is a strong word.......but that's really how I am feeling about the front office staff.I had to knock off another star.So, like I stated in my previous review, I was charged $35 for a no show fee.....for an appointment that I could have sworn I cancelled.Now, I KNOW that their scheduling department is messsseeeedddd up!I will be posting a picture, showing my appointment card.When I was last there in April, I scheduled an appointment for my daughter two months out. So, June 30th it is.Looking at my card this morning, I keep asking my friends and family that it's the 30th....and that it's Monday. Because my card says Wednesday, June 30th. Slightly freaking out, I make the drive. When I arrive, they tell me that my appointment isn't today, that it's JULY 30. Not possible, I show them the card, and they instantly call out the staff member who's hand writing it is. They apologize, and ask if I still want to be seen today....UH YEAH.I am asked if I have a copay.....Shouldn't YOU all know if I have a co pay? Seeing as how you ask and make copies of my ID and insurance card EVERY SINGLE TIME I come. I told her that I didn't have a co pay, but that I did owe $25 for a previous billing that my insurance didn't cover. Of course, my daughter's pediatrician isn't there. So, of course, my daughter isn't used to dealing with a new nurse, and a new doctor. The doctor kind of got aggressive with my daughter's autism "scan" ... I guess because my 18 month old can't moo like a cow, she's at risk. Gotcha.Anyways, we need to be seen again in six months.I go to schedule an appointment for six months out, and they tell me that they can only schedule up to two **2** months out.UUUHHH.So, when I was here in APRIL,  how in the HELL was my appointment moved to the end of July?I'm glad that my daughter was able to be seen today, but you know, what the eff? This front office staff is so terrible. I know that I'm going to have to call and make sure that I'm still not scheduled for July 30th, to avoid another $35 fee. TRIPLE CHECK that your appointment time in their system, and the appointment time on the card that they give you MATCH.I love Dr. Lammotte. She was my pediatrician, as well as my brother's. She saw both of us up until the time we were 18. She is kind, down to Earth, but has a very straight forward "business" approach. She is no nonsense. I know a lot of people can find this "cold", but she has never brushed off any of my questions or concerns. I truly missed her today!!!!!
5	Over all wonderful experience. When I called to make an appointment Bianca did everything in her power to get me all the information I needed for my son's about my insurance, even for myself as I needed to switch out my PCP. She also got my son scheduled before school started and in the same week I called. Normally this a busy time for pediatrics offices since kids need shots before school starts. I was so impressed with Bianca that I had brought her some macarons that I had made. And I NEVER ever give those out for free!!! Too top it off DR. Vielher was kind, throw, and answered all my questions. She was simply great. Granted there was a slight wait but thats expected.  Thank you Anthem Hills Pediatrics! Thank you so much!
2	We waited an hour and half before we finally saw the dr. Dr Martinez was great but the wait was too long for a toddler who wants to get into everythingThe waiting room was so tiny. 5 or 6 people had to stand around because there were no seats.
1	Long long long wait time!  Appointment at 915 am arrived at 845 am, time check 1045 and still waiting!! What's the point of making an appointment?? They should be paying patients 35 bucks for not showing up on time! First and last time going to this clinic! FAIL!
2	There is no point in making an appointment. Expect it to take at least 2 hours from time of appointment to when you actually leave. Also, the after hours line is a JOKE. They will not help you. 2 of my sons had pink eye. The 3rd got it Christmas day and we called the day after Christmas to see if they could write a prescription for the him since his brothers had the same thing. NOPE. Instead we get to go sit in urgent care for 6 hours the day after Christmas for PINKEYE. The only reason I'm giving 2 stars is because All the doctors, except dr. Jack who I do not like AT ALL, are amazing. The front staff has always been nice, but for me it's the their complete lack of help that makes it 2 stars. They make you feel like they are out for more money, not to help your child.
