5	Guru Dick Harrell is amazing!This school is tucked away on rampart street, next door to Ultimate CrossFit.  The gym offers a cardio combat class, Kali, JKD, a martial arts system created by Bruce Lee, as well as an MMA class.  All of the instructors as well as students are welcoming, encouraging and helpful.Guru Dick is superbly knowledgeable and patient.  You'll not find a better place to train or or a better instructor to train with.  With reasonable prices, many different classes and times to train, this is a great place to continue training or begin.
5	What a workout - this was exactly what I needed to get back on track.  If you're bored with your current workout and looking for something fun , challenging, and different then you have to check out Dick Harrell Martial Arts.  I took a Cardio Combat class here this weekend and it was awesome.  The instructor Janet was incredibly patient and put together a really great class that worked every part of your body.  I'm hoping to include this class into my regular routine.  Cardio Combat is offered Tues, & Thurs. evenings at 6:30 & Sat. mornings at 10am.  Come check it out!
4	Why do I adore Dick Harrell Martial Arts? Because of their cardio combat class! If you're looking for a slammin' workout with an excellent instructor, try Janet Harmon's Cardio Combat class. Kicks, punches, conditioning and the like with patient, upbeat instruction. They hosted a handful of yelpers for this class and we all got a hell of a workout in DHMA's clean, spacious studio. The cardio combat class would be great for a myriad of fitness levels and interests. If you want to try it out for free before you commit - just give them a call - the staff are exceptionally nice and accommodating. I hope to come back soon for one of the three cardio combat classes during the week! Thanks, DHMA & Janet!
4	The Cardio Combat class here will kick your buns!!!  I run all the time but I need conditioning so I started coming to these classes.  They offer this one Tues/Thurs/Sat. and will charge you a $15 drop-in rate.  They have special deals if you sign up for more classes in advance.  The Tuesday class is the least busy and you will get very individualized attention.  Janet is a really encouraging and sweet instructor.  Love it!  Dont forget:  BYOT (towel) and BYOW (water).
5	Great workout this morning! Loved it... Thanks guys
