5	They had the freshest flowers and were very classy in the creativity and the delivery was quick.
5	I called Dancing Dandelion with a last minute corsage request.  I needed two, within hours.  Greg (I'm pretty sure that was his name) was very friendly, and talked me through the options while I was on the phone. And within 3 hours, my two BEAUTIFUL corsages were ready and waiting.  They had some arrangements pre-made in their display that were a match in quality and freshness that were also very tempting!  Thanks Dancing Dandelion!!!
5	I've ordered from many flower shops before and I was not as satisfied as I am with Dancing Dandelion.  Their flower arrangements are just too cute - my favorite one is called Another Year Rover.  It's a basket of flowers that look like a puppy.  A-DOR-A-BLE!!!You can place your order online or over the phone.  I have an account with them which makes my life so much easier since I send out birthday flowers at least once a month.  They have same day delivery.  They always do a wonderful job.
5	Another 5 stars for Dancing Dandelion for their excellent service yesterday.  I had to change delivery instructions at the last minute (I felt bad about this but I had no choice).  The lady I was talking to on the phone was very calm and patient.  She told me thay can make changes to my order if I was ok with them substituting pink lillies with white ones.  The arrangement looked fantastic!
5	Great website, great customer service and the most beautiful, creative and innovative flower arrangements.  Personal follow up on the phone after placing the order online was a big plus, and the suggestions made by the customer service rep made the arrangement even more impressive. Great to work with!
5	Great service - great looking arrangements. I was just about to drive away because the front doors were locked, when the owner came back from getting a drink at a store in the same parking lot. Suggestion - leave a note on the window saying you will be back in 5 minutes. You almost  lost a sale because I was in the process of driving away when I saw you unlock the front door. Will definitely use again.
5	Repeat customer due to always great service.  The arrangements they make are GREAT!  Visited easily a dozen times.
5	We are from Canada and normally we use the large flower company chains when having flowers delivered for various events or special occasions.We decided to talk directly with Greg at Dancing Dandelion because it was a family run business.We placed the order and made a few changes based on Greg's reccomendations  and like everyone else who orders flowers hoped it would be a nice arrangement.Very happy to say the recipient of the flowers loved the bouquet and after seeing a photo of the arrangement we were more than pleased with the arrangement and we definitely received our money's worth.In the future we will only use his florist shop and will reccomend Dancing Dandelion to all of our friends.Thank you Greg for keeping your promise not only on delivery, but for the absolutley amazing arrangement  our friend received!
5	Super friendly service!!! there was a good amount of available cheap ($10) flower arrangements to $80+. not a huge selection but enough to fit my needs on short notice.
5	My wife loved them!  Delivered in less than an hour!
4	My girl was upset that I never give her flowers, (even though when we first met, she told me she didn't like flowers)  So I came here and was very impressed by their selection.
5	Quite simply the best customer service I've ever experienced. And their floral arrangements are out of this world. Truly spectacular people to do business with!
5	Ordered flowers for my wife yesterday to be delivered today. They came out beautiful in less than a days time at a competitive price. I've been to 5 different florists across the valley since my favorite one shut down a little over a year ago, and this one has now become my new favorite. Kayla took my order over the phone and was very polite, and extremely helpful. I'm not sure the floral designers name but she did awesome! The arrangement is gorgeous. And Greg is very prompt and tactful with how his deliveries are made, especially to a Strip hotel. Thank you guys, you've just won over a very critical and picky customer. My wife will be enjoying your flowers for much time to come! :)Don't waste your time with other florists, these guys are the real deal and show it with exceptional guest service and amazingly beautiful flowers and arrangements.
5	If you are looking for flowers in Vegas, this is the place to go. I had a complete disaster on my hands with 1-800-FLOWERS and these guys rescued me. The staff I spoke to on the phone was awesome and very helpful. Not to mention the fact that they had my Valentine's Day order delivered before 9am on Valentine's Day! Thank you so much again and you'll be getting my business again in the future.
5	Love their service I browsed through many other shops and none could compare.I had many questions and Greg was so QUICK and straight forward replying to me by e-MailI purchased:The 4 Dozen Red Roses Ultimate Elegance Premium Long Stem with a Medium size Teddy Bear.And she loved them I couldn't be happier I would recommend anyone to do business with them.Also the delivery person was quiet polite and nice.
5	I had the pleasure of doing business with Greg for a baby shower I was hosting. He paid close attention to detail, to make sure my vision was created. Greg going above and beyond allowed me to worry about one less thing. Thank you the beautiful arrangements and amazing customer service!
5	While planning my wedding from CA, I found this shop on Yelp! So glad I did! Greg is by far the best priced in Vegas, and does superior work! He did 10 centerpieces for us, 8 bridesmaid bouquets and a throw bouquet. I told him my budget and ideas and he made it happen! If you're looking for someone to do your wedding flowers, call Greg! The whole process was so painless and easy! He was on time, and set up and delivered everything for us! Thanks Greg! You're the best.
5	Received an arrangement from them for my birthday, it was gorgeous! Susie was really helpful in making it exactly what I would want...so I just wanted to say thank you, and I absolutely loved it!
5	Greg is amazing! Beautiful flowers and better than I ordered since they were out of the size vase it needed! If you're worried about ordering from out of town/state like I was (I have horror stories from dot com mass flower companies) this place will ease all your fears! I will use them every time I order flowers for friends in Vegas from now on and will be telling them to do the same!
5	Visited The Dancing Dandelion in search of small peace lily plant to be given to our boss who'd just loss his father.  Immediately when I entered the shop I was greeted by Greg who determined my needs and picked out the perfect plant - but it wasn't in a suitable arrangement for gift giving.  Greg at first thought he didn't have a proper container in which to present so he quickly searched his stock finding one lone wicker basket (which needed some modifications), repotting it, and applying 'leaf shine' spray.   With 2 lilies about to open, the arrangement was beautiful.  The peace lily was presented to our boss last week and he truly appreciated it!When my husband presents floral arrangements to me, he always uses The Dancing Dandelion.  However, this was the first time I'd ever visited their store.  I can see why he's a repeat customer.  I appreciate how fast Greg was able to troubleshoot the matter while ensuring that I left happy & satisfied. This family run business is top-notch and I would not hesitate to call on them in the future!
5	Great selection and honest service. I had called ahead to see if a particular item was readily available for purchase and the nice gentleman on the phone walked me through descriptions of what he had to offer. Upon entering the sweet smelling little flower shop, I was not disappointed.I was in and out in under 3 minutes. What more could a guy ask for of a flower shop?
4	They really go the extra step to accommodate customers desires The Dancing Dandelion Flower Shop.  I've picked up flowers here on numerous occasions and always had a great experience!  The staff is knowledgeable and genuinely helpful.  DDFS was easily able to accommodate special requests for me on a couple of instances...like when I asked my GF to go to prom (2nd Chance Adult Prom to be exact)...or when we went to said prom and ordered a custom corsage and boutonniere and they took pictures of the flowers in the color palate we were thinking of and sent them to my attention oriented yet stunningly beautiful GF for approval.  Even when they didn't have the potted dahlias I was looking for they willfully pointed me in a helpful direction.  Customer service is top notch...as another example, for a nominal fee they will even clean-up and prepare potted plants purchased from Plant Nurseries, Home Depot, etc. making them gift ready.  Prices are slightly above average for flower shops, but spot on when you consider the quality product and service that accompanies your orders.  They deserve a very strong 4 Stars in my book.  The shop is on the small side and their on-hand inventory is a little limited because of this, but if you can give them a couple of days the sky's the limit.
5	Ordered two of the princess paws. Greg was able to make one a boy for me. They turned out perfect! They delivered when promised as well! The customer service and quality is what makes it 5 star. I live way north west and will still utilize then in the future.
5	Our one and only florist for Las Vegas because of their customer service. On a couple of occasions, they helped with custom orders, but the one order I would like to highlight is how they helped with our wedding floral. When I called and asked for fresh lavender, they said they would ask their distributor but could not guarantee this as it was not in season. After they spoke with their distributor, they were going to order from out of the country. But being as it was coming from out of the country, they could not guarantee the quality. Long story short, the fresh lavender quality was not top notch. They still made the bouquet but did not charge us full price. Our back up plan was using dried lavender stalks to make the bridal bouquet and this worked out perfectly. I actually like idea better because I am now using the dried lavender bouquet as a floral display at home. Every time I see it, it reminds me of our special day. If you need a good florist, you should see and talk to the folks at Dancing Dandelion!
5	We had the pleasure working with Greg for our wedding held last 11-8-2014. Greg was so accommodating and very honest with what to expect, ideas and suggestions. The day of the wedding when he delivered the flowers, I was speechless. The flowers were so simple yet elegant and just what I was going for. The colors matched our motif perfectly.The centerpieces were a beauty. It wasn't too busy looking. A lot of the guests took the centerpieces home with them.Greg, we thank you for your help. Words can not express how happy we were. Hope to do business with you again.PS... thanks for Jazmin discount :)
