4	Line out the door, everyone in line is ordering multiple drinks, barrista is kickin a$$ but working hard and an old man walks up and asks her to fill his cup with water...now? Selfish SOB...barrista smiles, fills his cup and goes back to making drinks...that's why they call her Rock :) she's awesome
5	just like the rest of them!
1	If you want a burned cup of overpriced coffee and then be served by "Barrista's from Hell", go to this Starbucks.  I've been here several times passing thru on appointments and EVERY time I go there, the barrista's have a nasty attitude, like you are lucky they are even going to take your order after waiting a couple of minutes at the counter this tall, gangly, brunette with big glasses FINALLY turned around and took my order without offering an apology for the wait. I went next door to the barber and wanted to give him a tip but he didn't have any change so I went back to this Starbucks that I was just in 15minutes prior and asked if they could break a Ten dollar bill. The same moron has the gall to state (again with NO APOLOGY) that she couldn't break the bill unless I bought something!!  I just bought something!! It's Starbuck's policy she nastily responded. I said that is a lie!! I go to other Starbucks and have never had a problem getting change, not that I have done it that often, but it's called customer service!!  What a poor excuse for a "thinking human being" barrista and Starbucks should clean this entire site out. Close it up or get some people that care, want to provide good customer service and most importantly, like their job and want to be there!!  WILL NEVER GO HERE AGAIN!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
4	Hit this location early on a Sunday morning. It was packed!  Line to the door!!  Even with so many people, they were quick and friendly.
1	SLOW service rude employees.
1	Horrible service every time I come. Id give NO STARS IF I COULD! Order either doesn't get done or they ask for your name and don't call it and someone takes your drink.  Here's a noble concept, some people actually sometimes order the EXACT drink. My sandwich was taken by someone who ordered the same thing. Only thing I got was a the obligatory Sorry.  Last time I ever go to Starbucks. Thank god Dutch bros is down the road!
4	New furniture and updated look.  Heard they are going to open another one in Frys so there will be two right next to each other.  Wow!!! I have never had any problems at this location.  It is the typical Starbucks.
5	Fast & efficient service, great staff. Very personable location. Highly recommended!
3	It's a Starbucks.  Nothing special or bad about the place.  Usually I stay away from Starbucks but this one is convenient next to the Frys that we shop at.  Starbucks just opened inside the Frys, so not sure how long this place will be around as they are next door to each other.  I will be going to the Starbucks in the Frys from now on just because of convince.
4	Great service!!!
2	Music is too loud (obnoxious) and the internet sucks, slow. I love Starbucks but at night this more like a nightclub, but you know without the people. Currently using my phone to tether just to do the homework I can barely do because it is so friggin loud here. But this is just the humble opinion of one gold card holder.
1	I'm not sure what is going on here but this is the slowest Starbucks I have ever been to. I am just talking about ordering my drink. The barista got my drink out as quick as possible
