5	I positively hate shopping for a new pair of jeans, which along with bathing-suit shopping is always a nightmare.I hate having to look through stacks and stacks of jeans and spend a lengthy amount of time in the changing room, checking myself out in the mirror and have over-zealous salesperson convincing me that I need to get this pair of jeans when as soon as I get home, I know I'm suddenly coming down with a case of buyer's remorse.I prefer to have a idea of what I want, tell the salesperson, they run off get a few pairs of what fits my description to try on and I walk out with a smile and great pair of jeans. This is what always happens to me at Jeans Jeans Jeans which is why I never go anywhere else now.A massive selection of jeans, of many many brand names, including Ed Hardy, Levis, Lee,  etc.What I also like is the fact that the guy who runs the place will make sure you get the perfect pair of jeans for your body type. There's also free alterations on the spot.Come here and you're bound to find the perfect pair of jeans. I always do.
5	Huge basement location just off St Viateur with a massive selection of jeans for both men and women - local designers, massive brands, smaller imports  - generally at 50% off what you'll see them at in downtown stores. The sales people do not work on commission, and many of them have worked with the store for years. These are jean professionals. You can browse around and try on random things if you feel like it, but there are probably thousands of styles so taking advantage of the experts on hand is the way to go. Tell them your style preferences and price point, take your time trying on the different suggestions and you will find something you are really happy with. Get it hemmed on the spot at no charge - ask them to move up the original hem and they will. I also love how the name of this store so perfectly sums up what it delivers - say it three times loud with exclamation points: jeans! jeans! jeans!
5	You walk in the door.    You wander through the maze of denim covered walls.  Someone looks at you and points to dressing rooms on the wall.So you head over to to the dressing rooms.  These people start throwing pairs of jeans at you.It's happening faster than you expect.Suddenly you're waste deep in the blue dyed fruits of child labor. You have more choices than you can imagine and none of them are wrong.You pick a few pairs and they're instantly pinned and expertly tailored.  On the spot.  The whole process takes less than a few minutes. The quality is awesome.   The prices are great.  The experience is overwhelmingly amazing.The most unique shopping experience in Canada.
5	Relatively good price. This place has a huge selection and the service is amazing. They are fast and they know their stuff extremely well... (Very different from the typical bored 17yo girl from Brossard that would serve you in a downtown store :-) hehe). This store is an hidden gem.The only downside for me is that this place is getting popular and I am getting my jeans adjusted right there. So even if the selection is fast, I have to wait while because the sewers are overloaded. But just avoiding Saturdays should be ok.
5	Okay, so I went to this place because I read the good reviews, and I have to say, this place is everything people say it is. A giant warehouse with jeans and other clothes stacked to the ceiling, it's completely overwhelming when you first walk in. Fortunately, however, the staff is very competent and friendly, and you're soon put at ease. The staff know exactly what you want, and they get it for you by zipping around the store flinging jeans over their shoulders. You don't even have to tell them your size - they know that too. The prices offer good value for the brands and quality of the clothes they offer. When you've chosen what you want, they will pin whatever needs hemming and tear off to get it hemmed (for free!) while you wait just a couple of minutes.  All in all, a great experience, and I just can't wait to go back to Montreal to shop here again!
5	This is the place for denim in Montreal, the staff know exactly what you're looking for (especially if you're wearing denim on entry) and the price is fair. On top of that there are sales around so you do have a chance to find that pair you want at a discount. Plus every notable brand is held from casual to gaudy. Plus free adjustments is where it's at, no more time consuming tailor touch ups for me.
5	The best place to buy jeans in Montreal. The vendors know their stuff and they are not afraid to pull 10 pairs of jeans that should fit you. I have to say, they have a good eye and I always end-up with some great fitting jeans. Speaking of which, prices are very good and include alteration done on site while you wait. I don't buy jeans anywhere else!
5	Montreal's best kept "secret" for jeans and at a stupid-rediculous discount to most retail stores (and yes, those are real brand names).Walk in, find Leroy (you'll usually catch him in the back by the changing rooms)... Tell him cut, colour and price point. He'll shove you into a changing room and do the rest. Before you know it, there will be 3, 5, 10 pairs of jeans casually tossed under the curtains for you to try on, all in your size. For first-timers, this is the jarring part; you will get a no-nonsense opinion from every staff within earshot. (Be it a "those look fantastic", "I'm not sold, we can do better" or a "take those off! They do nothing for you!")-- the bottom line is, they are always honest and want their customers to walk out loving the jeans they bought. While they hem your jeans at no extra cost, shoot the breeze with Borys, the ever-loquacious owner and crack a joke with Larry behind the counter while he rings up your purchases. I won't go anywhere else for my jeans. Can you see why?
5	This is the jean store of my dreams.  All of the helpful customer service and quality denim of a boutique store with way more selection and amazing prices.One of the most painful things in the world is buying jeans.  What you want to do is have a rough idea of what you're looking for and then try on a million pairs until something clicks.   Jeans jeans jeans makes this really easy.  When you walk in, you'll probably be overwhelmed by the selection.  Take it slow, walk around, and get an idea of what's available.  Then ask one of the super nice people working there for what you're looking for while you focus on trying things on.With jeans, I buy based on fit/look and feel/quality.  With such a huge selection, you can afford to wait for perfection.   They offer to hem them for free, but if you do that, there are obviously no exchanges.  Make sure you are buying perfect jeans!!The prices are unbelievable.  Lots of jeans I looked at were literally half of what they sell for at other stores in the mile end or even Amazon!  Definitely the place to go.
3	Just feel the need to keep it real and updated. I had my first not-great experience here the other day. I tried on a couple jeans that I didn't love - I'm over the super stretch, no pockets in the front, tiny pockets on the ass, guaranteed to fall apart lady jeans. Was I ever under these? regardless. I asked the gent who's always there and usually helpful if he could suggest something, saying I don't mind wearing men's jeans or paying more for high quality classic denim. He turned to one of his employees and rattled off their codes and brands and a size that wasn't mine. I tried to correct him, having just tried on a bunch I knew the number he said wasn't going to work. But he didn't hear me or ignored me and when the employee came back the sizes were all way way too big and in shiny colours and washes the opposite of what I'd described. I left them in the change room and trundled out, a little disappointed by my once beloved Jeans Jeans Jeans.
5	I haaaaate shopping for jeans, but coming here has changed that nightmare: great prices, high quality and a ton of choice; why go anywhere else? I am all leg so I have trouble finding what I need in the department stores but here, it has never, ever been an issue. I rattle off my sizes and likes, strip and wait in the change room for stuff to be brought to me: how easy and awesome is that??Borys is the best BTW: He let me shop away while I had my little French Bulldog with me: super mega bonus points for that!
5	Another great visit to this store, this time with friends in tow. Seems my friends didn't believe me that you could bring 5 people into this store and less than an hour later, leave with all the stuff you came in for. I would recommend coming in at opening or closing. I don't imagine that it would be nearly as fun with crowds of people. Boris and Leroy do a heck of a job - with style and class.
5	So i stopped by this gem of a place today to pick up a few items to assimilate into the wardrobe, you know, making it happen.  And was quickly reminded why i ABSOLUTELY LOVE this place, and since i am new to this yelp forum thought i should give them the love that they deserve.  Upon my first visit there I walked into this warehouse that was full of items, mainly jeans.  And by jeans, i mean jeans, forget about the racks in most stores that stay horizontal, theirs defying gravity and logic on the inside border of the establishment go vertical, and i mean to the ceiling.  And they must have some car like alarm for these racks for i was approached with the quickness by a smiling individual WANTING to help me.  So i told him what i was looking for and like a caped crusader into the night he disappeared into the denim, only he was not wearing a cape, good thing cause who the hell wears a cape.  Frankly that would have been troubling to see.  Anyways, he returned with like 9 pairs of pants, some of which i was trying to explain was 'not good for my look'.  And with that rebuke followed by more 'not good for my look' utterances, a reaction ensued.  His hands out, palms facing the floor, fingers extended while the arms bring them closer to the ground while simultaneously letting out a shhhhh sound.  Since i am a grown man, shhhing me would create what back at home we refer to as a misunderstanding, however, i decided to let it go.  He then instructed me to go to the dressing room where he flung the pants over the bar of the dressing room.  So i am trying, and trying on pants, and as i ask for other things it was like having a genie in a bottle granting wishes with a 30 sec delay, cause thats all the time it took for another 5 pairs of pants to be 'granted' if you will.  Now it was a warm day, so after awhile i stared to sweat and what not, and BAMMM!!!!!  A hand extended itself over the bar with bottled water, yes i said it, bottled water.  They kept me hydrated and quenched my thirst during this process.  It was like i was in jean heaven and had passed those pearly denim gates. So i found which ones were right for me, and was nothing but PLEASED and BEFUDDLED about this process.  The staff is OUTSTANDING and know what they are doing, the guy that runs the place literally looks like the villain from the movie 'the princess bride' except he does repeatedly spit out the word, 'inconceivable', rather just tells absolutely horrible jokes.  But a small price to pay, for the price you will pay for designer, regular, genie wished and delivered jeans.  If you cannot find jeans hear that you like considering they literally have a 1,000 pairs, then that means, that you are impossible to please and can never be satisfied which any rational person can only deduce from that is that you are an unlikable person, and the only reason your friends hang out with you is that they feel sorry for you, or have not yet concocted a plan to get rid of you.  So, go here and buy some jeans, and prove to yourself that you are, in fact, a likeable person, and you will feel better about yourself next time you look in the mirror, cause you can honestly say, "i'm a likeable person".  Ten stars i give it, but thats not possible here.  The only bad thing is, DO NOT GET YOUR PANTS HIMMED THERE if the pants require it, its like 1 lady with a stack a pants in denim hell and it does not turn out well.  Take them to your person or persons that can properly preform this endeavour for you.  So, Jeans Jeans Jeans, i have to say, "make it happen"!!!!!!!!!!!.
5	Wow -this is the place to buy jeans!!! Outstanding customer service & by far the most talented & helpful staff!! Huge, huge selection of jeans. This is a definite wear house but don't be afraid this is not the place you go looking thru the racks! The staff & Borys (owner) lead you to a fitting room & they bring you  heaps of jeans that "fit" you! They sell based on the best fit & they don't try to sell you anything until they find you the very best cut & fit. My third visit & I've always loved the jeans that i buy!! Whether your curvy, slender , tall or short you will find a minimum of 1 pair. On site hemming & if you r not happy they will exchange! Best experience ever!
5	I don't normally rate clothing stores but this place is genuinely amazing.  First, the people who work here are really nice and helpful--their critiques are never harsh but always suggestive and kind.  Second, they never tried to upsell me.  They asked my price, I gave it and they brought piles of jeans at or below the price and never once pushed me to go for a more expensive pair.  Third, I was a little apprehensive that overstock might equal low-quality but they have a solid range of brands, similar to Nordstrom Rack in the US.  On top of it I came with my 9-month old son and some stores aren't that down with the babies (i understand why), but not these guys, the whole staff was phenomenal with him and did not try to rush me out.
