3	Average to good Americanized Chinese food. You know the drill.  I rarely indulge in Asian cuisine outside the Spring Mtn area. But sometimes you find yourself on the other side of town and just need a quick bite. Little Hong Kong hit the spot. The vegetables were crisp and fresh, the portions hearty. The friendly and attentive service earned the crew a third star. The in-house menu contains a page of Filipino specialties. Maybe next time.
4	LHK is conveniently located near Nellis Air Force Base. I think they have actually very recently opened and I thought I could give them a try on my lunch break. You have the option of dining in, taking out and delivery. They have a lunch menu with most items around $6.50. I ordered the Mongolian Beef for me and the Kang Pao chicken for my husband. They both came with egg roll, vegetable fried rice and the choice of soup or salad. They actually have a salad bar in there, which is not too fancy and still nice. The food was actually pretty good or better than all the places I have been to in North Las Vegas. Since this place is so close to my work I am sure I will be going back there soon again.
4	I just got back to work after eating at Little Hong Kong and I am so happy I found this place.  I have worked in the are for 3 years and there are not many places to eat for lunch.  I enjoyed the Orange Chicken and my friend had the Chicken Chow Mein.  Both dishes were big (enough to split) and very good.  We both had enough to take home for lunch tomorrow.  Each dish came with Egg Roll, fried wonton, vegetable fried rice and the choice of salad bar or Egg Drop Soup.  You can not beat the prices $6.50 each.  Also, we were in and out in less then an hour.If you are looking for a clean, friendly enviornment and good food I recommend Little Hong Kong!!!
2	Today I thought I would try Little Hong Kong again.  My 1st experience left me feeling neglected by the staff and the food portions were off between my husbands and I.  His Orange chicken was enough to feed two and my Lemon chicken was a very thin small chicken cutlet.  But sometimes a off nite happens so I wasn't ready to rule them out.  Today I left with the same feeling of neglect.  The staff while ordering and bring the food was very attentive and friendly but after the main dish was served disappeared behind the counter to play on the internet.  Our soup dishes were never cleaned off the table and we had to wait for a refill or our drinks.  Today I tried the Beef and Broccoli and although the beef was tender and veggies crisp they were very very bland.  I did like the fried rice but think I will go elsewhere for my next craving for Asian cuisine.
2	For the price this place is decent, I wouldn't say the food is bad by any means but it could definitely use some help in some areas. The fried rice is tasty but lacks some bbq pork or some other kind of protein for me. The orange chicken is quite tasty and the flavor is good. The egg flour soup is mediocre at best, i've definitely had better. The service isn't great but it isn't awful either, they could be a bit more attentive. They were good about getting our order taken quickly and the food came out in a timely manner. but once we were served our main dish we didn't see the staff again for a little while. Usually I expect that they at least come back within10 mins of serving the food to ask how things are or to check for refills and clear the table of the empty dishes. They did none of that. On the upside they do deliver on the base, which for me is a bonus. I think in the future that if I did choose this place again that I would order out and take it home or have it delivered.
3	The food was so-so, the restaurant was clean, but the service lacked a bit.  When we are one of three total tables in the place you'd think service would be on point... Nope.  I had the sesame chicken and my love had the beef with scallops.  My dish was wonderful!  Tender chicken, good flavor- the only thing negative I could say is that it wasn't very warm.  I tried some of the beef and it was very flavorful, tender, and the assorted veggies on that plate were crisp .  We had pot sticker dumplings and egg drop soup as well and both were good.  This isn't a place I'd go out of my way to visit, but every now and again when craving Chinese food I wouldn't be opposed to stopping in again.  It's especially close to base- so that's a plus, as well!
1	I wish people would post pictures of the food here because it would help a lot!Anyways, the place was not busy. I placed an order for pancit and Mongolian beef... It took forever!!! 35 mins was unnecessary. Would I come back? No. This was my first visit.Pancit was less than ok. It lacks flavor and veggies.The Mongolian beef was the worst we've ever had, anywhere. The taste was very off... The texture was extremely rubbery. All I could taste was the loaded sauce, which btw, spilled in the bag. I've had this dish at different places, made different at each location. This ranks last place.Both were overpriced. We had plenty left over and went to garbage.
1	HORRIBLY AWFUL!!!  1 Punk Girl and 1 dirty cook was there at 1 pm for lunch on a Friday. I walked in, waited a minute then sat myself. Girl was behind the counter with her feet up texting. She acknowledged me. I had to get up after that and get my own menu. Lazy girl. Placed my order at the counter to speed things up. She seemed inconvenienced by me. She put the order in. I heard the cook in the back making my order. He kept sneezing. Freaked me out.
1	So I hope the food is good because the service sucks. I sat down for a to go order. It took 20 minutes to place my order and another 25 minutes to get it. One waitress and one cook. All the tables were dirty and there were only Five other people in the place. Don't be in a hurry.
