5	I visited on opening day, and was delighted in most every way.  High-quality food at modest prices.  It was a treat to see menu items a bit outside the usual middle-eastern standards.  The use of home-made tandoori bread instead of bagged pita bread was a nice touch.  I look forward to returning to try more things.
5	We just had dinner at Zaytoon and it was wonderful. We sampled the chicken, lamb, and filet kabobs. All of which were perfectly cooked and delicious. You can tell that the meats and produce used are top notch. The tandoori bread was fresh, light, and scrumptious. We also tried the baklava which was a perfect ending to our meal. I highly recommend it.
5	You will not find any Persian Kabob entree's for cheaper in the Valley. I've been coming to Zaytoon since it first opened and have yet found a reason to stop going.  I felt very welcomed by the friendly owner & staff at Zaytoon. Highly recommended!
4	My God, you better come hungry to this place-not only is the food good but the portions were absolutely enormous when I visited.  I had the gyro plate and it came with about a pound of gyro meat, three cups of Basmati rice and a unique bread underneath.  Not soft and poofy like a pita or naan bread, it was thinner with a crispness to the crust.  I like to consider myself a world bread conniseur (SP??) but I've not had anything like this before.All in all, a good visit and I'd happily come back to try some of their other dishes.
4	If I didn't look out the window and see Tatum Blvd., I'd swear i was in  a NYC  ethnic neighborhood...tried the lamb kebob, eggplant appetizer and the special for the evening, chicken in walnut pomegranate sauce.  Everything was flavorful and seasoned just right!  Really liked the chicken special.  They serve fresh flatbreads baked in a tandoor along with your meals!  They have a great sides menu to add to your choice of kebob...feta, pickled vegetables, yogurt sauce etc....will save room for their homemade rum cake and saffron ice cream next time I go!
4	I just gotta say, serving fresh hot flatbreads from a tandoor makes all the difference in the world!!  Helps that the meats placed on top are just as good!
4	Zaytoon is dope! Love havin this in the area now.
1	UPDATE: I previously gave this place 4 stars (see original post below) but there now seems to be new ownership, new name, new menu and a new indifference to the quality and flavor of food being served. What happened to this place??? (Note: please also search for ZK Grill at the same location. This is the new name and the reviews seem like a better reflection of the way things are right now.)ORIGINAL POST: Bravo for any and all authentic, independent Middle Eastern / Mediterranean restaurants in this area! This one just happens to be delicious, use high quality ingredients, be family owned and operated, and reasonably priced. There is a common theme (maybe the saffron or another spice) that makes the dishes distinctive and consistent... but also a tad uniform. Still well worth a try!
5	This place makes me sing my happy food song!  (Yes, I am that dork that humms happy happy joy joy when the yummy-ness occurs!)    I went last week to meet a friend and was treated like royalty...we tried 10 dishes including baklava and rum cake!1st of all, the eggplant app... omg!  then the Kabbobs were so full of flavor served w fragrant rice.... saffron rice!! Almost cried!  Childhood favorite....amazing... AND THEN... the specials... WOW!!  Pomegranate  Chicken... and Barberry Rice and  Chicken!!!!!   The owner is so personally involved, everybody seems to know him  (better than Cheers!!)  and seek him out w greetings and hugs.... and he seems to find newbies and welcome them all.   The kicker... all this @ an affordable price!!!  Love it and can't wait to return!!!  Ya'll gotta go try this place n SING!Tell em Synia sent you!!
5	I go almost every week.   Great addition to the neighborhood.  The meat kabobs are all great.  Definitely try the chicken specials on Thursday and Saturday.  Good hummus as well
4	Don't miss the saffron ice cream!OK, now that dessert has been covered, I'll finish my review.I went to Zaytoon this afternoon with my 10year old.  I've tried to talk my family into going here on a couple occasions, but get the usual resistance you might expect from a couple teenagers. With only one person to convince/coerce, I got my way.We kept it very simple- we shared a gyros, side of tabbouleh, and that amazing ice cream.As it was around noon on Sunday, place was a little quiet.  Pleasant and clean, order taken at counter and ready very fast.   The bread was more tandoori/naan like than pita, and the gyro had good fresh veggies on it.  The tsatsiki was very good and fresh, and their tabbouleh was also excellent.  The bread was awesome, somewhat chewy, crisp.There was plenty of food there, and the two of us shared no problem.  The owner of the establishment checked on us to ensure we were enjoying our meal.  They held our ice cream until we were almost finished, and then the girl brought it to us, with two spoons, two more napkins, etc.  Aaahh, the Saffron Ice Cream!  Bright yellow, with a hint of rosewater, and pistachios throughout.  Sublime.My daughter enjoyed all of the foods, including the cracked olives and tabbouleh.   We talked about making an ice cream birthday cake with Saffron Ice Cream.  Warms my heart to see a kid try the unfamiliar!  Good times.The potential for excellent Middle Eastern food is definitely here.  I am heading back to try their daily dinner specials!
4	I have been to Zaytoon twice and both times have been wonderful. The food is pretty typical persian food.  Kabobs, couscous, taboule and gyros. The hummus is very good and I always a side of Gyro meat with my Chicken Kabob. The ingredients are fresh and the service is good.
5	'Thank you Yelpers for giving me Zaytoon as a recommended restaurant.We had lunch there today to give it a try.  I had the falafel sandwich with a side order of Tabouleah salad and my friend had the lamb kabob wrap.The falafel was moist and well garnished with lettuce, tomatoes and onions. The tandoori bread was awesome.  It came with a side of what seems to be avocado mixed with humus (at least that's what my taste buds said).  The lamb kabobs were perfectly cooked and generous.  I checked out the bathroom and it was very clean.  The whole atmosphere is clean and tidy and the owner/ staff were very welcoming.  I will be back 'to try something different.  and... the prices are very reasonable ($4.99 for falafel and 8.99 for the lamb.) Don't miss this place.
4	Saw Zaytoon driving home one day and put it on the list of things to try.  My only regret is I didn't try this place sooner!  I had the Lamb Kabob Wrap and my girlfriend had the Beef Kabob plate.  The lamb was cooked perfectly, seasoned well, and complimented by the fresh cucumber sauce.  The rice that came with the Beef plate was fragrent and fresh.  Much better than the crunchy crappy rice I've recieved at similar joints around the valley.  The owner was probably the most polite person I've met working at a restaurant.  You could really tell he loved what he was doing and it shows in his food and business.
5	Absolutely amazing mediterranean food, being Vegan, it's hard to find places that have veg-friendly food, but this place delivers, The Falafel is The Best!!!
4	Very yummy!  I had the lamb kabob entree which came with a salad, rice, a grilled tomato, the kabob and a pita!  Everything was very good.  I'll be back for sure!
2	i accidentally bought two groupons--and now i want to sell my other one!if you have had middle eastern food--this place would probably disappoint.i ordered many things (gyro, lamb, groundbeef kabob, hummus, salad, vegetarian quiche)... and the only one that was "ok" was the gyro meat with rice (but really, you can't really mess up gyro meat).  the groundbeef kabob, which is an "add on" side order (so they probably make a bunch) tastes rubbery and doesn't really taste or feel like food.  hummus was "meh" as well as the pitas they use to serve it with.  the salad, i couldn't even finish.  it's a shame when places make salads an afterthought--as if it's some cheap filler, when if they really were about food service--they'd see it as an opportunity to make vegetables yummy and appetizing!  i actually do like greek salads, but this one was just not worth it. i'm sure they have great desserts--maybe i'll spend my other groupon on ordering those.  again, im pretty sure desserts are VERY hard to mess up.the service at this place was also not that great.  the teenager-ish girl working the register seemed flustered.  after ordering over $20 worth of food--she wanted me to buy more so that the $2 difference i'd have to pay via my debit card would be over their $8 minimum.  uhh, yeah... i already ordered over $20--im not going to order more because i obviously already went over $20.  in the end, she "let it slide" but still made it feel like she was doing me the favor--wtf?  i understand the charges for cards are expensive, but if a customer obviously already paid  you via groupon--then don't make it out to be that you're doing me a favor.  that should've been addressed when you made the vouchers in the first place!  otherwise, my stupid groupon would be useless if i actually had to spend $28 to use a $20 groupon.also, as with many stupid restaurants in phoenix--why do they close at 8pm?!  is this a city we live in or not?!  if the place was located in sun city, then i'd understand.. but really eating dinner at 8pm is not unreasonable!
4	This place is so good. Everything is fresh and perfectly grilled and friendly service too. We come here pretty much every Sunday.
4	I've eaten (technically got take out) at Zaytoon Kabob twice and was delighted both times.  The second time they were especially accommodating in letting me substitute 2 different specialty salads (half and half Taboule and Shirazi) instead of the rice or garden salad choice that comes standard with their kabobs, for a very small extra surcharge.  That speaks to how they operate - very friendly (and swift) service with a desire to please.  I've had the lamb kabob both times, and others in my party tried the shrimp kabob and fish kabob, and two of us got the ground beef kabob that's an available add-on to our entrees - all were delicious.  The Zaytoon hummus is wonderful.  Don't miss the saffron ice cream!
3	So....if I had gotten the gyro like my husband, I would have given this 5 stars. However, I got the chicken kabob, and it was only so-so. I should have gotten the hummus and dolmas like I wanted, then maybe I could have given it more stars. Oh well.
4	My wife and I tried this place for dinner a few nights ago.  I wasn't expecting anything great but I was pleasantly surprised.  The staff was friendly, helpful and our order was ready pretty quickly.  Everything I tried was fresh and flavorful.  I would highly recommend this place to any Mediterranean food fan.*Greek Salad = this was really just ok and nothing special.  Big Fat Greek has them on this one.*Pitas = these were simply excellent!  Freshly made and delicious.*Eggplant = very unique and flavorful.  Perfect with the pitas.*Hummus = fresh and excellent.  Also perfect with the pitas.We also tried 4 kabobs.  Lamb, chicken, filet and ground beef.  While they were all perfectly cooked, very juicy and flavorful; we enjoyed the ground beef one the best.While the prices aren't wildly crazy for what you get, I do think the kabobs are a buck or 2 too high if you want to order them by themselves without the rice n' stuff.Anyway, I really really enjoyed my dinner and would come back here anytime.
5	Very yummy food, great service, the owner really cares about his customers and their wants/needs. Highly recommend for quality Mediterranean food!
4	Ah...here is my specialty:  Middle Eastern foods.  And I was pleased overall with the food here with some exceptions:Lamb Kabob entree:  Came with a huge serving of rice (gee, how I wish they would use another type of rice here, cause they use the teeniest white, bland rice available which is probably money saving to them).The lamb, however, was waaaaaay too salty.  What's with the salt????I got it down, but I wasn't happy about it.  However, you could tell it was cooked well even if they had to pull it from a freezer and nuke it first.This place does put one touch on their entrees, tho, that I haven't seen often and just love:  they put a roasted tomato on your plate.  I love it!!!!I ordered a gyro entree to go, also, and ate about 1/3rd of it the next day for breakfast.  Again, the cheap rice, but a very nice portion of gyro made up for that faux pas--and the tzatsiki sauce was just wonderful!  Maybe cause the sauce sat in the fridge all night and thickened up, but it was really good--not too garlicky which most places do--not too watery at all--just wonderful and cucumberish!  Very good sauce, folks!!!Also, ordered a side of hummus.  Other than missing a tad more olive oil on top (just a tad more, please), it was wonderful!  I was wolfing it down with the toasted pita bread before my lamb kabob came even. Prices are very reasonable for a Middle Eastern place to eat, which I was happy about since so many casual dining places of this ilk overcharge for what they serve.  You don't get ripped off at this restaurant at all.Despite the salty lamb kabob, I will be back here.  I hear the eggplant is fantastic, and I love tabouli so I want to try theirs.I think this place is really a great place--for very reasonable prices--to go for a casual dining Middle Eastern place.The owner was there when I was there who seems a very affable fellow.  All the help there is friendly, and you can ask them anything about the food you want and they'll help you.This, fellow Yelpers, is a good place to go for that Middle Eastern craving.....yummmmmm!So, I go to Zaytoon a second visit.  This time I ordered the suggested eggplant, and what a treat that was.  This is the best eggplant I ever had!  You HAVE to try it to understand.  Worth the trip alone.Also, got the baklava--excellent.I think I really love this place!  For a fast food type of Middle Eastern foods, Zaytoon is just excellent.
4	Excellent food ...Try the Yogurt with shallot dipThe tabbouleh was great though the quantity was less..The chicken kabob was fantastic and so was the gyroThey also give you sumac powder on the table (besides the salt shaker) incase you want to zest up your food a lil more.Will definitely go back again!
1	Was not impressed at all. I ended up ordering the special Deezee and getting sick from it. Nice atmosphere but the food was horrible.
4	Great Food.  Quick Service.  Fair Pricing.also....  the owner (and staff) actually appear that they are happy you are there.Good folks operating a nice lil' eatery.
4	I have liked everything I've tried here.  I found the gyros to be average but the daily specials are fantastic!!  My new favorite food from anywhere is the Zaytoon kalamata hummus. I'm addicted. It's out of this world delicious!!
5	Finally used my Groupons before they expired.  I wish I had used them earlier because I could have been eating here for months!The food here is excellent. My first trip, I ordered a Chicken kabob entree with a Ground Beef kabob added.  Both were amazing.  The chicken was moist and delicious.  As for the ground beef, I haven't had Koobideh that good since I was dating a Persian girl.  I had a salad as the side on that entree and it was, well, standard side salad.  The grilled tomato though was the final touch.  I love them!  the bread was perfect.  Little black charred spots around the edges with soft, doughy centers.  So good!My lady got Fish.  I thought it was OK but she was pleased and that's what counts.On the second visit, I had the Gyro entree.  It was good.  The gyro was standard Kronos but I got some crusty and some moist shavings, which is always nice.  The yogurt sauce was great.  The rice wasn't too bad, either.  What did make this special was the quantity.  I thought they shaved the whole spit on my plate!  I couldn't finish it and I can chow down with the best of em!I can't wait to try the Falafel and the Tabbouleh and the Ghomeh Sabzi and the list goes on.Bummer is they don't have fresh brewed iced tea.  During the summer months I only get water cups anyway so I'm not going to dock any points for this, today.  ;)Prices are very reasonable (cheap) and the staff and owner are incredibly friendly even though I showed up twice in one week with Groupons.  This isn't a full service joint and I was asked how my food was twice with big smiles, each visit.  I even got 'goodbyes' upon exit.This place is on the short list of where I'll be eating, from now on.
5	This Persian eatery  is yummy! Not only do they have certain persian favorites on various days of the week, they also make their pita's from scratch!  It's tough to find quality middle-eastern food thats fast and this place impressed me.  Their hummus is also very good! I love the barberries and chicken (zereschk pollo) but they also have great pomegranate chicken.  Great for a quick bite to eat, you won't be disappointed if you appreciate middle-eastern food and especially Persian!
1	I only have 3 words to describe the quality of Fillet and Lamb Kabob I regret ordering from this smoke filled establishment. DRY / TOUGH and TASTELESS!!!!! OK, I lied. Plus 2 Words NEVER, AGAIN!!!!
3	07/14/11Since I hadn't eaten here before, when the opportunity to buy a groupon to Zaytoon Kabob Bistro presented itself, I elected to purchase only one.  After experiencing a wonderful meal there, complete w/ terrific saffron-rosewater ice cream (with wafer cookies!!), Mom and I wished I'd bought three (the max offered)!  It's a a step or two up from being a dive, but I was completely ready to get an earful from Mom-- I DIDN'T, which still surprises me now just thinking about it.  I immediately looked up at the wall menus to see what Mom and I would like , while Mom sat at the table sulkily flipping over the paper menu.  I decided on trying the steak kabob wrap, while I chose the lamb kabob platter for Mom, especially when I saw that it included saffron rice.As we sat waiting for our food, we noticed that it was very cold in there due to all of the ceiling fans running on full blast.  I had to retrieve my sweater from the car so that Mom could stop shivering.  I didn't think it was necessary to have all the fans on, but I didn't complain.  We were ooh'ing and aah'ing from our first bites!  I haven't seen her so happy w/ a meal out for a long time...  I couldn't try the lamb (allergy), but her plate looked delicious, w/ a huge skewer of tender lamb cutlets, perfectly grilled, a generous serving of saffron-sprinkled basmati rice, a roasted tomato, and onions.  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/zaytoon-kabob-bistro-phoenix?select=uX1Sejv2TWyKlx_uQqI3QQ#uX1Sejv2TWyKlx_uQqI3QQ  Adding more veggies would've made the platter better, but Mom really was happy w/ her meal.  I loved my steak kabob wrap-- the steak chunks could've been a little less fatty, but they were tender and juicy.  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/zaytoon-kabob-bistro-phoenix?select=AorqavIoTJg5u_lISQ42hg#AorqavIoTJg5u_lISQ42hg  I wished there were more pieces...  I'd ordered the wrap instead of the platter, bec. I wanted the bread, but I kept wishing there were more veggies in my wrap, so I'll have to try the platter next time and just order a pita on the side.While the entrees were delicious, it was the homemade ice cream that stole the show!  It's listed as "Saffron ice cream," but it also contained rosewater, tiny chunky pieces of almond paste, and pistachios. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/zaytoon-kabob-bistro-phoenix?select=ucKC5wE-qiNW6g_Cz1TdJw#ucKC5wE-qiNW6g_Cz1TdJw  It was PERFECT!  I was very tempted to buy a pint to take home, but it's so delicious, I didn't want to binge on the stuff!  It's an excellent ending to a terrific meal.  (We would go back just to have this- it's that good!)Zaytoon was a bit price-y, especially w/ its cafeteria-style atmosphere- Z's certainly not a place you'd like to take a date to!  Spiffy up the place a bit, Z!!  However, we'll be back, w/ or w/o a groupon!p.s.  Mom's already told me twice after meals eaten after this date "We should've just gone to Zaytoon's!"
5	Really great food. I'd say the gyro meat is the best I've tasted in Phoenix. Kalamata hummus rocks. Falafel is super good- not too strong. Gyros are by far the best thing.  Lamb kabobs are good, too - can be a little over-done if taking food to go.  Definitely going back!
5	What a treat!     We have sort of outgrown the more costly 90-minute restaurant 'experience' and we often find ourselves at places like Chipotle, where we can focus on good quality healthful food, get in and out quickly and eat out twice as often for the same amount of money, and not worry about how we are dressed.    So Zaytoon is perfect for us!  We visited with two other families for the first time, so we got to try more items than if we had gone on our own.  The appetizers were superb:    Hummus with Olives (no pits, thank you!), Eggplant and Yogurt were all amazing, very different and I could have made a meal of these!   I did try the homemade Tandoori bread, perfect!  Worth spending all my carbs on!I had the filet kabob with salad instead of rice and my husband had the Gyro plate with rice.  My filet was excellent!  I tried the Gyro meat and it was nicely seasoned.  I wish I had tried the rice, it looked so fluffy and everyone was raving.  Someone tried the homemade Saffron Ice Cream,  it looked delicious!   I snagged a bite, loved the saffron flavor, pistachios  and creamy texture but not so much the rosewater flavor, an acquired taste, methinks!This was a fun, new ethnic experience for me, worth the drive, but  I sure hope they open one on the west side....  soon!
5	I make Middle Eastern food and have been to a lot of M.E. restaurants and this place is at the top of my list for awesome food! It is incredibly fresh which is key when eating this type of food. I got a Gyro and Tabouleh and you definitely get a bang for your buck too! I can't wait to go back and try everything else! Highly recommend!
5	Went here for a late lunch on a weekday and it was fantastic!The place was deader than disco when we walked in, but the staff was very courteous and the facility sparkling clean. We ordered an eggplant starter, which came out with hot, delicious flatbread. It was ungodly good--I don't know what I've been doing with eggplant, but it isn't this. We also ordered gyro sandwiches. Wow... the gyro meat was perfectly cooked, and they give you a LOT of it. The bread was absolutely stuffed with meat, lettuce, tomato, and onion. The yogurt sauce is fantastic and they give you plenty of it. Another reviewer mentioned that they are charging extra for the sauce, but that is only for "extra" sauce. Give this place a try--I'm sure you will enjoy it.
5	Zaytoon is as good as it gets.  A buddy and I have Thursday night where we get takeout and watch a bad movie.  Zaytoon has made Thursday my favorite night of the week.The fillet and beef kabobs are on a whole other level.The staff is great too.  Our orders are always taken down just right and the food never takes too long.  Extremely friendly.Can not recommend them enough.
5	Wow what a find.  This was a last minute decision on a Friday night when we did not want to wait for hours to get into some other over-hyped restaurant.    Let me tell ya, this place does not look like much, but the food is amazing.  Fresh, clean, and done as well as I have had in places for three times the price.  The kid behind the counter could not have been better.  Friendly, fun and suggesting the specials with a smile.We will be back, and for the Saffron Ice Cream.  ;-)
5	Had the lamb shank special on Thursday and honestly it is orgasmic. My fiance and I are big fans of lamb and it was falling off the bone tender and moist with this tomato type gravy sauce that was perfect for it. Rice was perfectly cooked and seasoned. We'll go back for sure! Highly recommended.
2	Came here after reading all the positive reviews. Not very impressed. I had the lamb kabob. It had 5 small pieces of tasteless lamb, a huge piece of bread and lots of veggies, with no side. I paid $10 for it, and left hungry. On way out I told kid at the counter I was headed to find another restaurant because I was still hungry, and oh by the way this is the first time I've spent $10 on a sandwich and was still hungry. He said, "ha, ha, that's funny". I said not really. I def won't be back.
5	In the mood for Mediterranean food?  Look no further, Zaytoon Kabob Bistro is what you are looking for!  Upon entering, you are greeted immediately by their cashier.  At the cashier area, one can select from their abundant menu and then have your food brought to your table.  Their restaurant has open and ample seating for dining.Zaytoon uses the freshest of ingredients.  Their menu boasts starters dishes (i.e. hummus), salad, entrees of gyros and/or kabobs, and their Zaytoon Wraps.  On this particular day, I tried their chicken kabob entree ($6.99) which includes one skewer of chicken over pita, side salad, and rice.Their chicken kabob brings forth a juicy and delicious meal.  Their taste is evidence of Zaytoon's practice of marinating and skewering their kabobs on a daily basis.  To go a step further, Zaytoon uses stainless steel skewers that holds the juices, which make for a moist and juicy kabob.  The side salad evens the meal out, along with a healthy portion of their basmati rice.Filling, delicious and most health conscious, one can eat like a king at Zaytoon.  Food created with attention to detail and reasonable prices, check out Zaytoon Kabob Bistro today!
4	We love Zaytoons and eat there often.  The food is good and consistent. Not a huge fan of the set up style of the place (order at the counter) but it's always clean and the staff is friendly. Our favorite is what we call Pomegranite Chicken Saturday which is the special of the day on saturdays.  It's delicious!  The food is authentic middle eastern food.
4	This place is a GEM!! I had the chicken kabob and my friend had a the gyro. Can I say my chicken was seasoned well and so tender. Plus the gyro was humongous! I tried the eggplant appetizer. Not my favorite a little to much oil. However, I took another bite of the Kabob and then my tummy did a smile. The guy behind the counter was really nice and gave great suggestions and was knowledgeable about the menu.
3	Interesting that this is a small chain.  This location has a 4 star rating and the Chandler Blvd. and 16th St. locations have only 3 1/2 stars.I wanted to hate this place after ordering.  I thought the prices were quite high for a counter service middle eastern style restaurant.  It took FOREVER to get our food and I was so hungry.  I was close to asking for my money back and leaving.Then the food came.  My girls loved the stuffed grape leaves.  The falafel wasn't the best ever but it was pretty good.  My husband ate all of his chicken and rice and salad.  The eggplant dip was what really shocked me.  I wasn't sure I liked it with the cream sauce on top but the more I ate the more I loved it.  The flatbread was good also.I likely won't go back as I just adore Haji Baba (Tempe) when I am in the mood for this type of food but it wasn't bad if you are in the area.
3	The food has been consistently good at this location.  The prices are very reasonable.  We typically order the beef kebab and the gyros.  The grilled tomatoes are good too.  It is good but not amazing.  The food is on par with Persian Room, but at a much affordable price point.
5	The service makes this place, so friendly and kind...makes for a great experience. Gyro is one of the best in Phoenix and the salads are great too.
5	Went here for the great groupon offering that I found - well worth it!  First of all, this is not Afghan food - this is Mediterranean and Persian.  (hopefully you true foodies out there know the difference).We went on a Tuesday evening and I had the Tuesday special - a delicious Persian stew that I would order again and again.  This is not a fancy place to go, but the food is tasty.  It's like the McD's equivalent of the nearby Persian Room!  Definitely go if you are in the area.  It's worth it.
5	We went there Saturday 6/30/2012, we got there around 6pm and it got real busy since they just had a groupon,which we used as well. Kayvan(hope I m spelling name correctly) handled the crowd with a great smile, amazing customer service, he brought each person's food out and came back to ask how was everything.We loved how he didn't panic with all the customers,great employee.We will go back since we love the food and now the service:)
5	Best Persian food in Phoenix! Great service. Owner was there and greeted us personally. Even gave amazing saffron ice cream because it was our sons birthday! Will go back for sure and recommend to friends!
4	Very tasty Mediterranean style food. Their gyro meat is excellent and their pitas with the gyros are wonderful. The yogurt sauce was nothing to write home about, but the gyro was excellent even without wonderful sauce. The Saffron ice cream is tasty as well.
4	The only downside is that I didn't find this place sooner. No joke, that's exactly what my husband said when we finished our meals. Bottom line is that this place delivers fresh tasting flavorful food in generous portions for decent prices. Worth going back to try more menu items and when I'm craving gyros (which is quite often) - yum!
4	friendly service and great food. Looking forward to eating there again.
4	Pretty damn good.  Drove by and saw this place so decided to try it out.  Prices are reasonable and offered traditional Mediterranean meals that tasted amazing.  this should expand and overtake the larger chains that are crap.  The food did take a while to come out but there was about 8 people in line in front and considering the small operation and made to order food, I understand.
4	The service is always pleasant and the food is always fresh. Not my favorite tabbouleh or hummus but the kabobs and rice are tasty as is the gormeh sabzi. Anytime you need a quick kabob fix this place does it.
5	Delicious, healthy food served quickly. Greek, Lebanese, and Persian classics. Fresh, nutritious, and very reasonably priced.
4	Great Gyro Wrap and Tabulie.  The Humus was a bit pasty but had good flavor.
4	My Mom and I went there for dinner yesterday with a Groupon coupon.  We weren't expecting much, but it turned out to be a delightful experience.  Mom had a gyro plate and I the eggplant stew.  The portions were enormous and the seasonings perfect.  The young lady at the counter who took our order and then served the meal was charming.  We will definitely be going back -- coupon or no!
4	This place was really reasonable and very good!  I so wish a Zaytoon was in my neighborhood.  The ground beef kabob platter was delicious - the meat was flavorful, the rice was just right and the tomato and pita were the perfect compliment to the meal.
5	Love this place for gyro wraps and tzaziki (sp?) sauce.  Sooood elicious and they pile the meat on.  The place is not fancy but it is always clean with pleasant service.  So glad I found this place!!
4	Yummy! Been coming here since they opened. I have tried several items on the menu and they are all good. They make most everything in house including the pita bread for the wraps. The Saturday Special which is a pomegranate walnut chicken is an interesting combination of flavors and spices and worth a try. The hummus and eggplant are a good and tasty starter with the fresh pita bread. Normally we get the #8 gyro wrap with extra tzatziki sauce and red onions on the side ... a grilled stick of anything else is an additional treat. Nice portions. Some dishes come with basmati rice which are full of flavors and are really good as well. Have not tried the salads but they always look great as they are delivered to a table next to me. Fresh ingredients and healthy cooking. Sign on outside now says "ZK GRILL" for marketing reasons but it is still the same friendly owner and menu. See ya there next time.
5	We had the best lunch today. the chelo kabab from Zeytoon Bistro brightened our rainy cloud day. The quality, portion size, and the price of  the take out were awesome.Thank you Thank you Thank you Zaytoon Kabab Bistro. We wish you lots of success. We hope you will open one close to us in Thompson Peak and Pima soon.
4	Fresh and delicious! Good location and good prices too! Worth a try for a quick bite
5	Best Persian fast food I have ever had!
5	I truly enjoy this place! Everything I've tried so far was very very good. My favorite is provably the Eggplant starter which is done in olive oil (however way they do it) and comes with their (grilled?) lavash style bread for dipping. Sooo tasty! Will come back over and over!
5	This place is so fresh and so green green!!! :)   I loved my chicken wrap, to bad their so close to my official work place or else I would eat this over Jimmy John's and Subway any day!! This time I was luckily around the area getting training done at another work location nearby this little bad boy!!  How lucky was I, I had heard of this place from an old classmate from Tempe, he used to work here and also had invited me over to try some of their goodness, plus the prices are affordable and understandable to their selections!! I truly loved the flavors in my wrap, so full and bold, I was satisfied and still feeling healthy in the end!! Way to go ZK Bistro!!!!!! You rock!!! :) I look forward to coming here more often!!
5	Yum! I got the gyro. Husband got the sirloin kabobs. My kids got chicken kabobs and rice. We loved everything. Tzaziki was tasty. We misunderstood that our chicken didn't come with rice so they were kind enough to give us a plate of rice for no extra charge. Friendly staff. Very affordable. Great place!
5	AMAZING. I grew up on Persian food. It is rare to find a great Persian restaurant . THIS IS IT. My sister and family, my parents as well as myself have always been happy with Zaytoon. The food is freshly made on site. The restaurant and those that work there are great people. Try it....you won't regret it. WORTH A TRIP! Enjoy!
4	Nice clean place and very friendly staff. The lamb kabob wrap was very filling and so tasty. The lamb was seasoned with saffron and served with a generous side of cucumber yogurt sauce.  I also indulged in the homemade rum cake. It was lemony, sweetened with a sugar glaze and moist. Go here!!
5	Great food at a reasonable price.  Portion sizes are perfect and healthy.  This place is a gem in N. Phoenix.
4	A small casual cafe setting with yummy food and nice people.  My hubby orders the meat kabobs and I like the daily specials.  Never had a bad meal  Definitely go if you are in the area.
5	If you want healthy great fast food go here! They have the best kabobs around!
1	At one point in time this would have been 5 stars! We loved this place and would come here quite often. The best part about it was their delicious homemade pita bread. We would often get catering from here for small events and order extra pita because everyone would rave about it. So, we went in a couple weeks ago, ordered dinner and pita and were served this cardboard, store bought frisbees! According to the helpful young man at the counter, the owners are doing away with the homemade pita and these are what we are left with. He said he had been getting a lot of complaints since the change. This change really made this place lose its specialness. Now it just seems really generic. Too bad! Unfortunately we probably won't be back.
5	My husband and I eat out a lot and when we find a place that we like their food and service, we stick to it. ZK Grill (formerly Zaytoon) is one of those places with really great tasting food and wonderful service at a reasonable price. We have been going there ever since they opened. We have always enjoyed their food, I usualy order chicken kabob but last night, I added a filet kabob and kobideh to my order. We  loved it, it was very tender and juicy. I think I have a new favorite dish at ZK Grill now. This place offers the best persian food that you can find in Arizona and I highly recommend you trying it
5	Wonderful food. The chicken was succulent, the staff was friendly, and the price was right. I had the chicken entree with no expectation. I was very impressed. I'm looking forward to going back.
3	Name of the place is a bit confusing. It's in a strip mall and signage shows ZK Grill out front.   Had the beef kabobs which were tasty.  Falafel was a little bland.  Also there tahini was a little strange.  It had a tone of Parsley in it, so you tasted that mainly, and not the sesame seed flavor.  Rice that it came with was tasty though.
1	Since the day Zaytoon opened, I've been a regular customer. If I happened to be in the neighborhood I would stop there every time. Many times I'd driven across town specifically to go to the restaurant... it was that good.There was one thing that separated them from all the rest... The bread. Much to my dismay, after driving across town one evening last week to have dinner, I was given their "new" pita. When I asked where the regular bread was, I was told the new owners/manager didn't want to be bothered making that bread any longer. Here is a perfect example of shortsightedness. In order to not be bothered with what I guess is an extra step or two in making a superior product, the customer base will now begin to disappear. When I said to the girl that that was the main reason I come across town for their restaurant, she told me that many people were upset and complaining and said they would no longer be coming to the restaurant. I told her she could add me to that list. Their hummus recipe also appears to have changed. And not for the better. They are now simply a mediocre Mediterranean restaurant like all the others.
5	Although they have changed their name they havent changed the qualityof the food. One of my fav places to eat...
2	have definitely had better middle eastern food. I got a greek salad and falafel appetizer, husband had the falafel sandwich. Greek salad is just like any greek salad you would find anywhere else, with olives, feta, onion, romaine and a salad dressing that probably came from Costco. Nothing unique about it. Falafels were bland - crispy on the outside but dry and brown on the inside. Falafels should be flavorful and the inside should be green from including parsley and green onions in the recipe. nothing special.
3	Wife and I always enjoy the food and have visited their restaurant often.  Today, however, we were extremely disappointed with their service.  A young man appeared to be in charge and was more concerned with chatting with young women rather than attending to the line of customers.  Felt like a high school cafeteria.   After a long wait we left and went next door to Streets of NY.   I hope they improve their customer service.
5	Freshly prepared, consistently-delicious food. Friendly staff. Ignore the plain storefront for an exceptional meal at a low price.
4	possibly the best gyro I've ever had. Tabouli was great. And you need to try the saffron ice cream. Hummus was a
5	we tried fillet and chicken kabobs. the food was good and the service was great. it is not a high-end Persian restaurant/food, but considering price it's a great experience . we will definitely go back.
4	Reasonable prices.  Some Mediteranian restaurants will charge you $3 extra if you don't want all rice and want to do half a salad, But at the ZK, half and half is the standard, and for about $10.  I did a lamb and all rice dinner.  The lamb was "buttery" which hopefully was ghee and not seasoned with herbs the way most do it.  The rice is awesome although I have been there a couple of times and once got a little bit of saffron rice on top, and the second time got a lot. Definitely had a good experience, and worth the money.Not much for ambiance, but hey, I was there for the food.
3	Seemed to have changed hands, food was dynamite before for a little small restaurant in a strip mall.  Now just okay...something has changed for sure.  If I'm in the area I'll stop in but will not go out of my way like before.
5	I love Mediterranean food so I took advantage of a Groupon deal for ZK Grill. It's a small storefront place with little ambiance. You order at the counter for takeout or they'll bring it to your table. We ate there as required by the Groupon deal. They have a good selection including photos of each dish on the menu. The portions are generous and the pricing is very fair. I had a Greek Salad w/Chicken, $8.99 and my companion had Beef+Lamb combo which included salad and basmati rice, $13.99. Everything was very fresh. The generous meat portions were seasoned and grilled perfectly. We tried the baklava for dessert which was some of the best we've ever had, so flaky and sweet, sprinkled with pistachios. My mouth is watering just thinking about it! The baklava alone is worth 5 stars!We will definitely stop by and pick up take out here in the future.
1	Gone way down recently. Sunday night 6:30, tried to order takeout on the phone, they said machine down cant order, call back in a few minutes. So I called 5 more times while I drove there. On the 5th call I finally got through, same response machine broke. So I show up and order ( only 3 workers two cooks and a very young cashier). So he writes order on scrap of paper (why couldn't he do this over the phone) and asks if I can pay in cash ( cause the machine is down) so now I am waiting, what do I do, write this review. My 3rd visit here in 2014 the other 2 would have been rated only 3 of 5.  Like I said they have gone way down recently.
4	I like this place quite a bit, and have been frequenting it often. I am bit worried as it is always pretty empty when I go in (maybe just my timing) but the quality of the food never ceases to impress me. A few things have changed recently, last time I went they didn't offer me my choice of dressing on the salad (used to be pomegranate or champagne) and they didn't include a piece of pita ( but last visit they had downgraded from what seemed like homemade bread to store pita so the omission didn't bother me) and they also didn't included the grilled tomato which I love. I was a little bummed. Not sure if this was purposeful or just an oversight. On the flip side the quality and taste of the meats, rice, and salads hasn't changed and is awesome.
5	I had a great lunch there today. It was highly recommended by a friend.We had the Dee Gee, Eggplant Puree and the Pomegranate chicken Friday lunch special. Everything was just fantastic!I look forward to many more visits!
4	Food is awesome very healthy and my husband loves it  great protein dish  the lady that works the front is very nice always greets you with a smile. But prepare to wait about 10 to 15 mins for your order.  Which is a good thing since you know it's fresh.  So order in advance if you don't have much time
2	Cardioloogists might as well co brand with them to offer discounts. The grease in the grilled items is extreme! I think maybe I have been spolied by oter Persian Restaurants.I think the spices are a little weak, and they are really not using the most quality ingrediients. Its not horrible by any means. I have a 2 year old that coming home one night said: "Daddy, kababs please for yummy!" So we decided to try it.He had a few bites, and looked at me and said "Other kababs" referring to our other Persian resturant in town, and then asked for his milk. The rice wasnt bad. Nice and fluffy but instead of adding butter to the rice we got they simply provided us a packet of butter on top of the rice.For the same price as a lunch at a full service restaurant,. you can get a full dinner but its a far cry from their Persian competitiion. Its basically a no frillls fast casual place. OK meal but not really one I am going to crave too often.
5	I had the bagali polo with lamb shank to go recently. It was also a very great experience. The lamb was falling-off-the-bone-tender. The rice was fluffy and delicious.
5	I now have a great Mediterranean eatery on "the East Side"!  Try it!  (On the " West Side"???  Try Good Fellas Grill at Greenway/19th Avenue!)
3	Came to this place for lunch while visiting from California.  The place was full for 2:00 on a Saturday.  The cashier was very friendly and nice, explained the menu to us.  I got the chicken plate and my friend got the chicken and beef combo plate.  The portions are large, food was good.  The chicken didn't really have a lot of flavor but the rice more then made up for it.  The rice was cooked perfect not too soft not too hard, not sticky, just yum.  The only bad thing i can say about the place was when they cleaned our table they just wiped the food onto the floor and left it there.  Oh and the iced tea I got tasted spoiled.  It's an ok spot if you're looking for a quick bite with big portions.
3	I bought a groupon for $16 for $30 worth of food at this place. I got to the register and ordered $22 worth of food and was told I cannot use my groupon for anything under $30. She told me it had to be $31 or more. That kind of urked me because it didn't state that on my groupon. I don't get what's wrong with allowing me to use my groupon for less than $30. I didn't mind taking my $8 loss since I only paid $16 anyways. So I ended up having to buy another meal to go. I would have rather bought baklava but they were all out. So I came out of pocket $2 extra. The food was ok but I doubt I'll come back. Id rather go to Good Fellas on greenway & 19th ave. Their food taste better and they always have baklava.
2	Was excited to go back... Not sure if ownership changed w name... But tried camelback location and original since 1st review... Just NOT the same.  Sad was so amazing... Disappointing when not consistent
5	This place is a classic, if your in the mood for Mediterranean or if you are hosting a dinner party last minute. The food tastes great, moist and juicy meats, great sizes and they have this yummy I've cream my daughter loves. I think it's made from safron, anyways it's a great little spot for home cooking.
4	Am kind of new to Mediterranian and happened to check this place randomly. Loved the food here. I usually have the chicken and shwarma wraps !
2	Pretty disappointed this time around :( I walked in and there was one person in front of me they ordered .I placed my order chicken wrap. After waiting a long 25 min an 3 ordered a that walked in after me I asked what's going on  & had noticed the guy in back making food was not wearing gloves and touching the food ! So I asked girl at front counter if they normally don't wear gloves to protect food aka health code she said it was only her first few days here and she did not know she said I think so ? I said well he's not now and now he's making my good gross. so I just asked for a refund . The staff was nice and the owner came out & was able to issue refund an apologized. The food coming out for others looked really good but I guess I won't be finding out.
2	Went in on a weeknight for take out.  The place was about half full with happy looking people, and my food tasted good.  But while waiting for the food,  the dining area and parts behind the counter I could see didn't look very clean, so I won't be back.  Table was sticky, dirty utensils sitting on and behind the counter, and the cook looked more like he belonged at an under age nightclub than a kitchen.  They didn't earn my trust.
4	Cheap and tastes good. Ordered the beef wrap and it tasted fresh. The fries seem to be frozen fries though.
4	We like the food at this place, everything seems so fresh.We had wraps (gyro and beef skewer). They come with fries or salad, we chose fries and ordered a shirazi salad side. We also got the stuffed grape leaves and they were delicious! They come in a plate with a pita, cucumbers, and yogurt dip. They were warm... I think I never had warm dolmeh but it was really good.My beef skewer was not as tasty as usual, I do not know if it needed salt, spices or something, but it was not as good.Everything else was great. Doogh was good but we still miss the home made one : (
2	Disappointing.  16 bucks for a sandwich and hummous is too much.  The lamb wrap was very light on lamb (maybe I'd get a bite every 3 bites).  The meat lacked flavor.  And when she delivers the hummus all surprised (as in you got the hummus too?) I later realized its because the sandwich came with fries.  Not exactly "healthy" as their healthy grill mantra states, nor was it on the big picture menu (showed it surrounded by grilled tomatoes).  Won't be coming back.
4	Great Greek food! Our faves are the chicken kabob plate with rice, and gyro wrap. The rice is so flavorful. The taztziki sauce goes so well with everything Greek. This place has a mom n pop feel to it. They have a small variety of desserts too. Value for $ is ok.
5	Very tasty Mediterranean spot excellent meat, made fresh to order fantastic service fast and friendly. Well be coming back and using groupon.
3	A solid and hearty Mediterranean lunch  that is slightly lighter, different, and tastier than its typical Kronos cousins.
5	Did you always wonder what Persian food is all about and wanted to try this colorful and flavorful cuisine? Look no further, because at ZK grill you can try this, in the US rather exotic cuisine, without having to go to an actual "fancy" restaurant and pay a ton of money. ZK grill is more or less a fast food joint for Persian food but it is so much more than just fast food. They pretty much have a variety of national foods of Iran, and please don't hesitate to ask the manager for a recommendation or an explanation of the items. They will be more than happy to help you out. Also, if you are there, and you have never had basmati rice cooked Persian style, then don't leave this place until you tried it. It is the best. If you are a boring person and don't feel too brave, then they also have traditional gyros. But why go there to have gyros, right? P.S. Ask for saffron ice cream! You won't regret it.
5	We found a great Groupon deal for date night, so we decided to try it out. Best decision of the week! Friendly service, great atmosphere, delicious food. Everything was awesome and our order was fast. And, the hummus was yummy... That is what makes or breaks a Mediterranean restaurant in my book. Win all the way around! We'll be back.
5	Great quality , fresh Persian food , great kababs!  The chef here knows how to make every dish on their menu perfect.
1	Generally I'm always 100% satisfied with my take out orders but tonight it was awful.  I ordered a #14 and there was no side dressing with a minimum amount of dressing already on it. I also ordered a hummus appetizer which came with 1 pita bread. Dropped the ball tonight and disappointed.
4	I was looking for something different for dinner and the "fresh grill" sign caught my attention. I absolutely love middle eastern cooking so was excited to see this place. This is a fast food restaurant however the food is cooked fresh to order. I decided to go with the gyro plate with rice and salad. In about 10 minutes, I was served this very generous plate of tons of gyro meat, tzatziki sauce, hot seasoned fluffy white rice and salad. Everything was absolutely delicious. Service was warm and friendly. I will definitely be back.
5	Great food and the lady taking our ordering was very cheery and enthusiastic. It brought a smile to my face as if she was inviting me to her home.
5	Mike & Parissa, co-owners of ZK Grill, catered our wedding party for 35 people in late December 2014.  We ordered Chicken Kabobs, Dolmas, Beef Filet Kabobs, Eggplant, Saffron Rice, Broiled Tomato, Mixed Salad & Pitas.  Nearly every guest commented to my wife and I on the delicious food and wonderful presentation.  We were very particular about the catering details and Mike & Parrisa could not have been more cordial and accommodative.  We could not have been more pleased with the outcome.  Do not be put off by the meager storefront appearance; this food is some of the best Persian food in town and the catering was magnificent.  Highly-recommended!
