5	I can't put into words how much I love this place. The lettuce wraps are awesome and my favorite dish by far is the Garlic chicken. They use to have a mango chicken dish that I loved but no longer do. I wish they would bring it back but I love them so much they still get 5 stars.
5	The pictures are going to have to speak for me today because words can't describe how good this place was today.  Service beyond 5 stars and food was well beyond 5 stars ... This is the location right here.
5	My wife and I stopped today for a late lunch... About 2:00pm. Had the salmon lunch bowl, delicious! Great service, good food. We will go again!
1	Not a fan! Expensive and small portions! Combinations would be nice. My wife has an allergy and she can only eat off there Gluten Free menu. That is why the wife loves them. rice and chicken is cheap to make and they charge $14 a small plate. $4 for 2 egg rolls is a joke and that's happy hour price. I guess it will a ladies place from now on.I only went because I received a gift card. I knew of these issues 10 years ago. It's not better!
5	PF Chang's is an excellent example of how much a really good manager can effect a resturant and the customer's experience.  Let me extend a special 'shout out' to Matt, the manager of the  Superstition Springs Blvd, in Mesa, AZ location.  Today my husband, his 96 year old mother and I went to the PF Chang's located on  Superstition Springs Blvd.  We walked in and  were greeted by a bubbly hostess ~ she sat us . . . and then  it appeared we had been forgotten about.  After nearly 20 minutes of not being waited on at all my husband stopped an offical looking man, asking if he had any idea who our waiter might be.  The clean-cut man stopped what he was doing, took our drink order and offered us a complimentary appetizer as an apology.  He suggested the calamari ~ we accepted (although calamari has never been anything I found appetizing).  Within minutes we were served the most delicious calamari I have ever tasted.  It will forever change my thought about calamari, although I'll be surprised IF any place else can match the tenderness and light taste of what I ate tonight.  It was amazing.We ordered our entrees and each one was delicious, obviously prepared with care.  My mother-in-law eats like a bird normally, but tonight she was eating like a hungry teenager.  She loved every bit and couldn't stop talking about coming back.We will be back . . . with more guests.  Although we got off to a slow start, the manager, Matt, treated us like gold ~ actually, like valued customers.  I can't say enough about the Superstition Springs PF Chang's. Blessings: ) KC
5	I had a horrible experience three weeks ago in this restaurant. When I called the manager, she apologized and insisted that the waitress in question would receive more training. Upon our return last weekend (Hey, I can't help it...I love the food), the manager came by to make sure everything was okay at least 4 times during the meal. It was completely unexpected, but she gave us a discount on our meal, and offered us free dessert. I was simply happy with the apology, but Maria went out of her way to make sure that we had a good dining experience that night. (For the record, we had our usual fantastic service from our waiter). Great people. Will definitely return.
1	Maybe it's me.  Maybe it was just bad luck.  But I've gotta say, our last (and unfortunately it will probably be exactly that) visit to PF Chang's was just horrible.  Service was slow as always, mainly because the place is typically packed with people.  No problem.  We weren't in a hurry and patiently waited the 30 minutes necessary to get a table.  Our server was attentive and had a fun attitude, so no problem there either.  It was the food that was just unacceptable.  Overpriced for sure, but poorly prepared too.  Orange Peel Chicken was soggy and tasted like it was a three-day old left-over pulled from fridge and reheated in a microwave (really).  My son ordered the salmon and we had to send it back not once, but twice due to being undercooked.  The center was literally raw both times.  The last straw was when one of the junior "managers" came to the table to say that, "We cook the salmon that way on purpose."  Really?  As if it was sushi?  Wow.  Sorry guys, you are just not worth it.
1	I purchased To Go a Moo Goo Gai Pan and a Sesame Chicken yesterday. So much is wrong with PF Chang's. First, the amount of food was not worth $30.00. Second, the Sesame Chicken is noted on your menu as "spicy". Not even close...it actually had NO flavor. Last, the Moo Goo Gai Pan sauce was actually water. Absolutely no flavor, no sauce was added. It was tasteless and awful. Panda Express way better and much, much cheaper. You've been warned.
1	I get very frustrated with restaurants that have misguided management practices... With PF Changs, they will make you wait 15 to 20 minutes minimum even if the restaurant is empty.  The management of this mediocre restaurant chain seems to believe by making every guest wait, it ads an air of exclusivity or some sort of scarcity mentality of desirability to their marketing efforts.  They pulled this nonsense on my wife and I today and we walked out, went next door to BJ's and were promptly seated, despite their restaurant being far more busy than P. F. Chang's.  Back when P.F. Changs was briefly the trendy and cool place to go, I enjoyed the food and service, but now that the bloom has worn of the rose and they still try this nonsense of making customers wait, despite available seating, they are just annoying and very trailer-park in atmosphere.  Avoid this restaurant, it is a charade of a business that it once was and does not merit putting up with their silly seating practices.
5	This is our favorite restaurant, we usually eat here once a week. Service and food are always amazing. We never have any issues or problems! Management always stops by our table to see how everything was! Sometimes the chicken fried rice is spicier then other times and i am a wussy when it comes to spice, but it does not stop us from going!
1	I have been to PF Changs many many times. This is the only location I seem to have a problem with. Last time my friend and I went to have lunch and I order the chicken fried rice. Huge amount for under 9.00 so cant beat that. My problem was after about 10 bites I start chewing on egg shells and had to send it back. They offered to replace it, but come on?! I was so grossed out I didnt want to eat that.  I went to grab take out (chicken fried rice again) last Sunday. I waited about 10 minutes in line and I was on my way. I get home, open it up and all my chicken was burned black. So after picking the chicken out so I could eat it I AGAIN found shells in my rice. I will never been eating at this location again. I will drive out of my way to get a good product from Chandler. Same for them too, I normally go there 2-3 times a month.
1	About a month ago we went to the Mesa PF Changs for dinner...... Long story short, the service was mediocre and disappointing at best.  We paid the bill and a manager walked over, knowing we were dissatisfied with the quality of service and food, handed me a card for a free appetizer to redeem on our next visit.  So they were not willing to compensate us for THIS miserable visit, but they were assuming we would want to come back. Hence the coupon.   I took it and we left. About two weeks later, my son asked my husband and I to pick up dinner for him on the way home from our date night. We went out to another restaurant for date night, but my son, requested that we pick up PF Changs for him.  My husband and I go in and sit down at the bar to order the meal to go. We both ordered cocktails while we looked over the menu. We ordered my son a $15.00 meal to go and had a bar tab going at this point. We were stuffed from dinner, but I remembered I had the free appetizer coupon in my purse. I pulled it out and asked the bartender if there was any way we could use it for a little dessert instead of an appetizer since we were not hungry for dinner. He called over the "manager"  Matt.   We explained to Matt that we would love to use our "shitty service coupon " on a dessert instead of an appetizer. With the most condiscending tone and attitude he says "Oh sorry that can only be used for an appetizer." So, confused at Matt's stupidity and aloof attitude and nonexistent customer service skills ( HELLO IDIOT!!!!!!! Do you not even wonder how we got the stupid free food card in the first place!!!)  You think possessing that card would be a red flag that states "TAKE CARE OF THIS CUSTOMER!!!!!".  So, after mulling over Matt's ingnorance over not giving me a $4.95 dessert, that probably costs them $1.00 to make, I ordered the most expensive appetizer on the menu, $10 shrimp. We had it wrapped up to go.   My husband and I must have been obviously miffed, and I still am not sure how the slick and perceptive bartender relayed the message to Matt,  but as we were paying our bill for the drinks and my sons food, Matt walks up to us and says, "Can I get you two a desert, and Recommends the banana egg rolls, which are, I must admit fabulous!!!!  We both looked at him like the wacko that he is and said "No thanks, we are just leaving."  So, to recap, We had a miserable visit, they tried to compensate with a coupon for our next visit, but on our next visit we left more aggravated than on the initial miserable visit.  Hence this lengthy review..... Customer service is common sense based. You either possess it or you don't .   I have no desire to ever return to this location. Too many fabulous places to eat and spend my money with people who appreciate my business and who realize that Customers like me are the ones who keep them working!!!!!   Ugggg! Even more frustrated that I just spend 30 minutes of my life writing this review .  I hope it saves some other poor soul the trouble of eating at this location.
1	My experience was like the others posted here.  Went to the Mesa location for the first time Saturday night.  Haven't really had the urge for Changs but I had a gift card to use.  Sit down... notice how small the restaruant is compared to the other Changs, weird.  And they sat us at the little two-seater in the middle of the room, I hate that! Anyway, about 10 mins later, no server in sight, the manager asked if we have had our drink order taken.  We hadn't, so he took it, by that point we were ready to order and he took that too.  He did apologize for the tardy introduction from our server.  I used to be a server at the Chandler Changs so I know what standards this restaruant holds and let me tell you this location doesn't hold up to them.  The table had food particles left on it.  The chili, soy and vinegar bottles had residue on them.  Hot water and hand soap cleans this up real nice, when I worked there we had to have clean bottles on our table!  Our server comes by with our drinks sets them down and walks away.  Didn't even introduce herself, we didn't know if she was our server or not.  Few minutes later she comes back and drops off the "sauce" and mixes it quickly and explains that by adding more chili sauce it will make it hotter.... that was it!  You are supposed to explain what the sauce is and ask your guests how hot they want the sauce and explain what all the sauces mean.  Or by all means ask them if they have ever been to the restaurant before and by chance you won't have to explain it because your guests already know what it is.  She was lacking on the communication.  Food comes, just okay.  Not the taste I remember from my days of working there which is why I rarely go to Changs anymore.  Very pricing.  Kung Pao Scallops were $17.95, they used to be $12.95, Wow!  Crab fried rice was not to my liking.  The "server assistant" or busser (whatever they are called nowdays) refilled our drinks but not quickly.  He brought us new ones from the kitchen instead of refilling them with the pitcher (it was ice tea) not sure why... but it took forever. Won't bother with this place again.
5	Food and service are exceptional every time we go. All PF Chang's are that way in my experience. The Sea Bass and anything with their scallops are on my plate!
4	I love chang's spicy chicken!!!!! ( I ask them to make it extra spicy).  We come here with family whenever they're in town and we never have problems even though we have a big group.  Big groups are the way to go at this place!  That way everyone can order something different and you can try lots of things...everything is good.
4	We came here tonight for my birthday dinner.  It was just wonderful.  The restaurant was packed but we got a table right away.  The food was fresh and the portions were large.  We had enough leftover for several meals.  I really like this restaurant for a nicer night out.  It is a bit pricey for everyday though.
4	We visited Mesa's PF Chang's twice this month & savored each bite of our meal!  Delicious. The salt & pepper prawns always brings us back. It's the best thing on the menu!!! We heard from PF Chang's management today that they've been taken over by a business conglomerate who is planning on taking several things off of he menu on the next few months, including salt & pepper prawns!! PF Chang fans out there, join me in conveying to management not to change a thing!!! It's a success because of the products they produce -- that's why they have remained a favorite for so many years!
2	Had supper here thursday night, Feb. 7, 2013.  Food very bland, you can do better.Service: 4 stars (our waitress was very attentive) Ambiance: 3 stars (casual setting, a bit noisy)Cleanliness:  3 stars (appeared to be clean and well kept)Food: 1 star (factory food, bland, all tasted the same, soggy shrimp) Price: 2 stars (while not the cheapest the prices are mid-range)
4	4 of us just spent a wonderful evening at P.F. Chang's at Superstition.The service was great, and the food excellent. We were there at 5:00, and time went quickly. We will be back
1	One of the worst dining experiences in present memory. I took my elder parents the store Superstion Springs blvd for my mother's 79th birthday and we could not have had a more miserable experience. First we made reservations for 530, well below a normal dinner rush and was given the worst table in the restuarant next to the kitchen.  Not only was it next to the kitchen where I was sitting at the table, because they manager/hostess did not give enough room for people to walk by, I was ask three times by the hostess to tuck my seat in so they could get people by.  Here is an idea chose a different route through the restaurant.  secondly as we were next to the kitchen I was bumped twice by the servers swinging around the corner, while they apologized this should not be happening.  Furthermore busing of our table was nonexistant as I stake dishes that sat for at least 5 minutes each time as multiple servers and managers walked by the table. Top it off with the food was cold and I had to send it back to get reheated. Where the manager broguht it back who was poitnless. I worked in the rest industry for years in every facet and this one of the worst run experiences I have had in a long time. We set a rez we should in turn be given a table that is at least middle of the road not the worst and having our food come out cold, my mother was to proud to sen dit back it unforgivable. I take clients out to lunch on a regular basis and 2-3 times a month I will take them to a PF Changs as it is good suburban Asian food, I will never take them to a Pf Changs again.  I was goign to refrain from saying anything more than awhat I had alreayd told the staff as we were leaving but having lunch with my mother today and hear express how unhappy she was with her birthday dinner, as shed said at least the company was good. Horrible experience
3	My last visit to P.F. Chang's was my best so far. Normally this is not the type of food that I enjoy as the sauces they use don't really mesh with my taste buds, but I was pleasantly surprised by the food the last time I was there. I have now come around to enjoy the lettuce wraps and the crab wontons were pretty awesome! I also really liked the seabass that I ordered as my main entree.
3	Love the lettuce wraps...........that is all. No really that is all.
2	Pork dumplings pan fried. You won't regret it.We have come to this P.F. Changs a few times and the food is normally great. This specific time we came it was all terrible. We were seated right away which was great but the server seemed kinda out of it. He kept forgetting what we ordered and sat down in the booth while taking our order. The food wasnt very good at all, I was very disapointed in this expereince. I will probably continue to eat at P.F changs but maybe another location.
4	We live the pre-fix menu for its great value and selection
2	I've been to P.F. Chang's many times and had better experiences at other locations. I'm not sure if it's the location or just a fluke, but both my dish and my boyfriend's were EXTREMELY salty....I mean I physically winced when eating it. The service was perfectly fine, but too much of a salt assault.
4	I've been to this location many times for both take-out and dine in. Lunch and Happy Hour are my favorite times to go.  I enjoy the food and for some reason they have the best chocolate cake I've managed to have.  I'm not sure why there's is the best but it most definitely is!
3	We have been here several times in the past. This experience was a little less pleasurable. We were greeted and immediately seated. We ordered drinks. Should it take 10 minutes to get a soda and beer? We ordered the P.F. Chang's for two. So we waited another 10 minutes to get the soup and appetizer. The main course was up 25 minutes after we ordered. The food was super as always. We ordered dessert and I ordered another beer. When they brought the dessert I mentioned to my wife "I hope they don't charge me for the second beer because I didn't get it". The waitress overheard me and got it immediately.    The portions were large as I needed a to go box. The dessert was very decadent and rich. There was rock and roll music in the background which took away from the ambiance. Somewhere during the meal a waitress dropped a tray of food or dishes which made a huge racket.     The manager happened by sometime before we left and I mentioned that this place wasn't rated that great on Yelp. He said "I read those things and laugh".   We come here about once a year for special occasions. The food is what we like and are willing the put up with the slow service and lack of ambiance.
3	I order take out from this location about once per week. I'm gluten sensitive and enjoy that the chain supports gluten free orders with a special menu, gluten free soy sauce, and even a dessert option.  That said this location could be so much better!   Although the lunch bartender from whom I usually pick up my order from is excellent, when he's not there my results vary. Also sometimes my food is way way too salty, as others here have mentioned. I also feel you pay a lot for the chain advertising and fancy locations.
4	Another reason to enjoy a meal at PF Changs, ( aside from good food )....that mural on the wall is not just wallpaper. Custom hand painted, ( every P F Changs has a different one) it depicts an authentic Chinese legend or folk tale, which your waiter or waitress will be happy to share with you. A little flyer telling the story  tucked inside the menu would be nice. This is too special to go unappreciated. We have enjoyed dinner here so many times and never knew this until our friendly hostess pointed it out to us. If you're into storytelling, or have children along, don't fail to appreciate!
4	Stopped in for happy hour.  Just beat the Friday night rush. Happy hour menu had a good selection, little slow out of the kitchen. Service at the bar slow as well. Perhaps a little understaffed. Food and drinks were good. Nothing special, but above average. Lots of places to choose from in the area, this is one of the more consistent restaurants.
1	PF is probably one of my favorite restaurants out there. For one, they offer a nice gluten free menu and the food is always great. I have eaten at MANY different locations. We have many lunch meetings for work and take our clients to PF Changs all of the time. It has always been the one restaurant to never disappoint me. Well until now. Me and my family recently moved and this is the closest location to us. I will never eat here again! The service was HORRIBLE. Our waitress skipped over us, our food took over an hour with the excuse that gluten free entrees take longer. Yea well not at any of the other locations. The food tasted great as always but I would way rather take the drive to another location to get better and faster service. Especially with hungry little ones. Never again.
5	First time at PF Chang's in years. Tuesday evening and the place was still 1/3 full-good sign. My wife and I were seated in five minutes and we were quickly greeted. Our server, Zachary, offered us drinks and went thru the seasonal menu. We ordered from the gluten free menu, so we couldn't take him up on any specials, since none of them were GF. My wife ordered a glass of wine and I got a pot of Dragon Eye Oolong tea. The drinks were served in 7 minutes. The tea was rather spectacular. Good herbal notes with a definite citrus finish. We had also ordered Chang's signature appetizer: lettuce cups. Tasty marinated chicken, water chestnuts and green onions served over crispy rice noodles and a side of lettuce. Delicious. Our entrees arrived after 15 more minutes. My bride of 30 years ordered the GF Singapore Street Noodles while I ordered a cup of Hot and Sour Soup (not GF) and GF Chang's Spicy Chicken. The noodles were better than ordinary chow mien: the noodles were pan-fried, giving them great texture. There were plenty of shrimps and chicken pieces. The Spicy Chicken was their version of General's Chicken. Not as crunchy as GC but very good. A bit sweet so I just added Sriracha to it. Zachary did an outstanding job keeping the table clean and his guests happy. Our dinner totaled $53 before tip. We will he returning.
2	Stopped in to grab a cocktail. They were good but bartender was not paying attention to what was ordered.
4	The best part of this place is Nicole the bartender.  She is always helpful, and very knowledgeable about how everything is prepared.For the most part the nice thing about P F Chang's is consistency.  No matter where you go the food is always prepared exactly the same the way it should be. My only gripe is the price.  For what you get it is over priced, the food and drinks.  My average bill is $50.00 for two and we typically split an entree and small side, and both have a couple of beers.In east mesa if you are looking for Chinese this is the best place I have found.
5	Oh my!  I'm so glad I went here for my birthday.  They were prompt in seating us.  Also, the waitress was very fast with taking our orders.  When the food came, it was piping hot!  First, egg rolls were big and tasty.  Then the egg drop soup was great!  I recommend it with those crispy noodles!  I ate the whole thing!  Then I had the Lo Mein!  It was a huge portion!  Great delicious meal!  Then for my birthday, I had my choose of free dessert.  I got the Chocolate Peanut Butter Crunch Cake.  It was fantastic!  Love this restaurant!  The ambience is great!  The service was perfect!  And...I enjoyed my birthday dinner!  I will be back!
3	The waitress was super friendly. The food was good, a little on the cold sideThe flavors were uniqueThe portion sizes are medium/average to small compared to the price.
2	PF Changs used to be excellent but the restaurant seems to slowly be declining. The staff is always friendly and serves you well but the food quality leaves a lot to be desired. I ordered two simple appetizers panfried dumplings and wonton soup. The panfried dumplings were steamed barely fried and then dressed with the hot and spicy dipping sauce. I do not like spicy food and was not asked if I wanted my appetizer trust with this. The one time soup although taste was good was very oily and everything had been cooking way too long. The wontons were disintegrating and none had any stuffing in them. The soup was more like oily wonton mushI am very disappointed at the downgrade of food quality for the price at PF Chang. I'm not sure that I will return.
4	4 of us just spent a wonderful evening at P.F. Chang's at Superstition.The service was great, and the food excellent. We were there at 5:00, and time went quickly. We will be back
3	This pf changs is a nice one. Staff is super friendly and fast. Food doesn't taste too great. We got mongolian beef and crispy honey shrimp... It was salty. Wait time wasnt real bad,btw its a Friday night! We got in within 20 mins. Parking isnt bad but a little cramped.
5	Crispy geen beans, chicken lettuce wraps, california rolls and mongolian beef. Food fantastic and Jen provided excellent service. Yummo yummo. Highly recommend.
5	My mom and I stopped here for the first time and really enjoyed our meal. We shared orange peel chicken and Korean BBQ chicken which was our favorite.  Both were excellent. We will defiantly go back.
