5	I can't believe I went all these years without shopping here!Active Body is a casual women's boutique which is similar to Electric Lady Land minus the snobby sales people. The prices are still moderate to high, but they had a lot of cute designers that are hard to find in the Valley. I was as I mentioned extremely happy with the sales girls who worked there. Most boutiques I have been in lately in Scottsdale are full of sales girls who feel they are to good to talk to the customers, and if you do talk to them they quickly answer and move on. The Girls here were so nice and accommodating, it was the best customer service I have received in awhile! I would definitely recommend this place to add to your shopping trips, especially if you have some money to burn! Active Body Features, dresses, pants. tops, shoes, active wear, lingerie, and accessories.
4	Active Body can be hit or miss.  I like to stop in whenever I have a few minutes here or there to see their latest inventory.  Sometimes I get lucky; sometimes I don't, but it's always a pleasure to shop here.  I agree with Ann Marie in that customer service is genuine and the ladies that work in the store are sweet and will give you as much or as little attention as you are looking for...When I popped in the other day, I wasn't looking for anything specific except perhaps a cute longer sleeved shirt to wear out at night.  I found exactly that and a couple pairs of hanky panky were a bonus.  Who doesn't need an extra pair of these at any given moment?!So, if you're active or not. Active Body is a great place to shop for dresses, workout clothes, cute tops, shoes, jeans, and more!  Just know going in that some items can be a little pricey.
4	So happy to walk into Active Body and not get the snobby sales people!  They have a nice selection of active wear, as well as nice jeans, tops, and dresses.  I usually pick up a few pair of Twisted Heart flip flops once or twice a year, and stop in often just to browse.  Pricey, like you would expect, but worth it for the nice service.
5	I agree with all of the other reviews... this boutique has a nice, casual atmosphere and some excellent finds. Carmen, the owner, travels to the Los Angeles "market" every other month or so and has such amazing taste. She will always uncover those diamonds in the rough, but yes she only buys a few pieces at a time so you have to drop in often.
2	Sometimes Active body has great things but nothing you can not find in other stores, In addition to poor customer service they are rude. Who needs that aggrivation.
4	Love this store! Some of the cutest clothes, friendliest staff and best sales in town.  Only wish there was one in my home town of LA.
4	Neat discovery!  Adorable and unique clothes and lots of Michael Stars tops.  They also have a lot of very reasonably priced cute jewelry.  The name is pretty misleading because the clothing they sell is really not exercise wear it is more for being out and about.  The woman who works here was very nice too.
5	Unique clothing & very nice & helpful employees
