3	My issue is with the customer service skills of the owner, Sharon. I am a regular here and have had the same issue everytime. My 5 minute transaction turns into a 20-25 sabbatical because Sharon will stop working on my business to not only answer phone( no issue with that ) but start new business with the phone customer. I have watched as she minimizes the computer screen to look up prices for phone customer, go to the file cabinet to pull paperwork, go outside to continue phone conversations, and such. Sharon, politely tell the phone peeps that you have to put them on hold and take care of the live person standing in front of you. There is absolutely no reason live people come second to phone inquiries.
5	I stopped by here last week too get some prices on a new axle and hubs for my trailer that had lost a wheel. Yogi (the owner) is a straight up guy who makes a deal on a handshake and you can trust him. This is the place to go for your trailer needs. Thanks Yogi!Highly Recommend !!!
2	I've been here twice because it's really close to me.  The first time, I asked them to build me a $2,000 custom trailer.  They never called me back.  I ended up buying a 6'x4' fixer-upper to customize.  I took it back to them to have new leaf springs, hangers, shackles, and U-bolt kits installed.  They quoted me 2 hours labor.  Ended up being 4 hours labor!  That's nuts  Yogi (owner) is a nice "BIG guy, but he's slow and has two bad knees.  A real scruffy around the edges Marine.  To charge $125/hr and move THAT slow, is a damn shame.  At the end, I paid $450 cash.  Still feel severely robbed, though.I think their service sucks, but they have good prices on trailers.  If I were to ever buy a NEW basic trailer, then I may go to them.  Otherwise, I doubt if I would ever step foot into their place ever again.
5	Yogi is great. He knows trailers and the important issues you need to consider before selecting one to buy. If you work with him, you will have the best unit for your needs.
5	Let me begin by saying I am nobody's fool.  I've been in the valley since '79, I am a small business owner, and I am a frighteningly good judge of character. Yogi didn't know me when I walked on to his lot, and he had no reason to treat me any differently.  I heard good things about this man's reputation from a stranger with a new trailer that I shoulder tapped in a parking lot.  I saw the quality of trailer-when I asked, the stranger said it was a small mom and pop operation, that the guy was a retired U.S. Marine, who gave them a fair shake, and his name was Yogi..  how can you not already want to do business here?!  I was looking at Home Depot, Lowes, DV Trailer, Rockland, and a few other places on Craigslist- I walked in, looked at Yogi, introduced myself, checked out the trailer and prices (which were exactly as discussed on the phone with Larry) and we did business in minutes.  Let me make something clear- if you don't know anything about trailers, I'll enlighten you as this is my fourth- Carson is a great trailer, and that's what I was sold.  I am a small business owner, so I'll leave details about pricing out of the review out of respect for the business owners, but I will tell you this- NOWHERE in town could touch the price I was given for a 6'x14' tandem axle trailer, and I didn't haggle once-they just gave it to me.  The tongue was wrap around, the ramp gate was quality 2"x2" square tubing, not traditional angle iron, the deck boards were stained/treated, and more. I believe who you are when no one is looking and you have nothing to gain speaks volumes about what type of person you are.  This man was concerned about my bumper mounted ball, and it was 2" which was the wrong size anyhow, so he said "I'll drop this off at your house for you for nothing."  Then when I tried to give him gas money just so he wouldn't be negative for the trip, I was told "You keep the money, and have a blessed day."   This man also did other things for free for us that we didn't ask for, but I'll leave out the specifics so that other people don't beat down his door expecting favors.I've already purchased another few hundred dollars worth of items from this man and his family, and my best friend is on the way down there to buy a trailer from him in the next 30 days.  Those other couple folks that left negative reviews for this man need their head checked.  One was a price complaint about installing new brakes- quality parts and quality work isn't free bub.. and brakes might not be an area where you want the cheapest price... the other complaint was about someone answering the phone while dealing with a customer standing in front of her..guess what, that's what it's like to run a small business and try to keep ten plates spinning at once, and acknowledge each person that reaches out to you.. learn some patience people.  You won't find a better trailer, at a more reasonable amount, from a better man.  If you don't buy a trailer here, you're CRAZY.
