1	Over priced for mediocre service.
5	Took my dog in after adopting her from Lied and they did an amazing job! She was unrecognizable and smelled great, they even put super cute bows in her hair. Everyone was super friendly and professional. They had lots of dogs but somehow managed to keep them all very calm! I was worried because my dog is shy and scared of everyone but they said she was an angel :) I am definitely going back!
1	6 MONTHS AGO I brought my chow girl in for a lion cut here and the groomer did a beautiful job on her and had her done in 4 hours.THIS MORNING at 8am I took my same chow girl in and requested a "lion cut" which she has had at least 6 times before not only from here but also other groomers. Today she came out looking like a giant chihuahua with cut marks all over her body especially all around her neck from being shaved too close. When I picked her up I was very disappointed in what they did however I did not notice all the cut marks until we got home, they had tied a rag (torn piece of material) that was supposed to be a bow around her neck...probably because they were trying to hide the cuts around her neck.This place is horrible and the groomers are unprofessional. Previously they accepted credit cards and checks now they only accept cash. They had my dog from 8am in the morning til 4pm at night. By far the worst haircut ever.I called to tell them about the how dissatisfied I was and I was told she was too matted and it was more humane for them to shave her close...how is it humane to cut up the animal all over her body with a shaver? I stated that they did not even leave any fur but a few strands on her tail...you cannot tell me that was too matted as well, her response "we will put this on your card for next time around to leave more fur." Manager could have cared less, she continued to say the same lines over and over as if she has said them before.It's a shady place, do not trust them with your animal, I am sorry I did.
5	*****ALWAYS ALWAYS ALWAYS GO TO GROOMINGDALES******Scott and his team at Groomingdales are FANTASTIC. They are always so caring and kind to my babies and Scott is so personable and takes time to talk to every customer.I had a very bad experience this week with another groomer and he spent a half hour on the phone with me talking to me about how to help heal my baby's wound. I only went to the other groomer because I live in the Southwest now and it is kind of far to see Scott ... BUT LESSON LEARNED PEOPLE!!! I will drive 34 days to get to Groomindales before I ever go anywhere else again!!! The whole staff is so nice and they make you feel at home; regardless if you are a new customer or existing. I have been going to Groomindales now for over 2 years and when I lost my Frankie in November to Congestive Heart Failure, Scott was so fantastic and supportive and genuinely concerned for my emotional state and for my dogs (being without Frankie). Groomingdales truly knows how to take care of animals and know what to do with all types of dog breeds; what the best ways are to groom them and handle them. You will NEVER be disappointed with Groomindales. Scott is the owner and he is absolutely without a doubt 100% one of the nicest people I have ever met. The prices are reasonable and you don't feel like you are being taken for granted at all. LOVE YOU GROOMINGDALES!!!!!!!!!!!!!
1	My dad took his small Maltese here a few months ago and it was the worst experience ever! First of all his haircut was awful and they only accepted cash. But the worst thing is that our dog was traumatized! He was shaking the whole day and started limping as if he had been beaten. He also had some small cuts and was not his playful self. We almost took him to the vet but decided to wait to see if he would get better. The shaking stopped the next day but he limped for couple days. I don't know what they did to him but it seemed like they grabbed him to harsh and hurt his legs. Be careful in taking your pets here! Also, since they only accept cash you don't even have any proof of your visit!
1	Took a few different dogs here while we were fostering and the first time they did great. We took our dog back to get another haircut and they didn't do it anything like the first. We took him back a 3rd time and told them about the great job they did on the first go-around and asked them to replicate it. They didn't. They made a lot of notes on our card and when we brought him back a 4th time, they flat out told us to leave and said "we weren't a good fit". The owner was practically hysterical, while we calmly told him that we weren't complaining, but just asking for them to recreate their first haircut. He told us that we were complaining. Apparently he knows more than we do, what we were trying to convey. We won't be back. We won't take any other foster dogs here. We won't recommend our foster friends return here either. What a huge mistake.
5	Wouldn't think about taking my girl anywhere else.Scott the owner has been outstanding.  The staff love my girl and have even stayed open late just to accomodate my schedule so they can get to see her!!!And BTW they are no judgemental, and pitbull friendly.Puma's nailed have never looked better (perfectly grinded down and rounded (NOT HACKED WITH CLIPPERS).Can't say enough good things about these guys and gals.Mediocre staff may come and go (it's a groomer not a doctor's office folks), but the owner cares alot and will always go out of his way for the dog b/c you can tell he's a huge dog lover and that's what makes the difference!
1	Very UNPROFESSIONAL and a HORRIBLE experience!!! I would never take my dogs back here again. Called them at 9:30 asking if we need an appointment and they said no just bring your 3 dogs in. I get there at 10:30 and the girl at the front inspects my dogs and says they should be done around 2:30-3:00. I call them at 2:45 and they said they should be done around 3:30-4:00. They did look busy so I gave them until 4:30 to come back. I walk in at 4:30 and I still see them working on one of my dogs. I thought they were finishing up but then they tell me they didn't even start on the last one. They said it would be another hour before they would be done. Instead of apologizing they went on the defensive saying my dogs were matted up and that they were too busy and that I should have let them know that time was going to be an issue. 6 hours should have been more then enough time to get 3 dogs done and if it wasn't a simple courtesy call would have been nice. I ended up leaving with only 2 dogs done and they had the nerve to try to charge me an extra 20$ saying they had given my 3rd dog a shower.
1	I recently took my 15 year old pit bull and my 5 year old poodle to Groomingdales.  I had been recieving coupons to utilize their grooming services.   The staff was always friendly and efficient, except in my last visit I had noticed where the groomer had nicked my poodles skin.. I cam in and told the girl I would like to use the coupon, and had mentioned to be careful as last time my dogs face was nicked... Suddenly , the owner grooming a dog, started to yell profanities call me a slut and whore and get the hell out of his shop.... In Groomingdales defense... I was asking for an additional 5.00 off their current price.... However, he kept screaming at me to get out all ahwile he was shaving a little dog that was nervous and scared..   I left with my dogs and calmed down ... I called back to speak with the owner in a calm manner.. and he hung up on me.  I am not sure what is going on with this guy.. .but beware... if he treats customers like this.. imagine how he treats his employees.. and your animals...  WOW.....
5	Love it!!!! We're new to this area and took our beloved boy here to be pampered. We did show up early so as to avoid a wait and were waited on right away. The full service bathing only took an hour and our boy was very happy when we picked him up. The super friendly staff asked appropriate questions (if our boy is social, any special requests or concerns, etc) and wrote down our preferences on our info card. Looks can be deceiving but keep this in mind: A fancy shop requires more maintenance which results in higher prices for customers. This place does accept cash only, however it is well worth that minor inconvenience.
5	Excellent customer service and  great prices I love this place. My dog always comes home  and perfection  is what it is.
5	I'll admit I was a little skeptical the first time I brought my pup here, it doesn't look as nice as some of the over places I've been. But since it was highly recommended by a friend I figured we would give it a try... And I'm glad I did! I've now taken my pup in five times or so and have been pleased each and every time! They always listen to exactly what I want and my pup always leaves in good spirits!
2	Fired my pet from services but did it in a unprofessional and confrontational way that hurt my feelings.
1	Very UNPROFESSIONAL and a TRAUMATIC EXPERIENCE!! DO NOT GO HERE!!I brought my dog there around 11am on a Saturday. I received a call around 3pm and was told that she wouldn't be ready till 3:45, which initially I thought would be ok, but realized I had to be somewhere at 4pm. I called them back and asked if I could come at 3:30, they said "no problem." Got there at 3:30 and she wasn't ready, so I waited till 3:45 anyway, but didn't complain about it. I left and gave them $40, which included a tip.The first of my complaints started as soon as I left the groomer. When we got into the car, my dog  shook herself off and little hairs went flying everywhere in my car and on myself. They obviously did not blow off all the little hairs they shaved off.  When I got home, I saw that my dog was uneven in her chest area, so I called the store. I was not calling in a confrontational way, I was calling to ask that I bring her back (another day) to get fixed. I got as far as, "I noticed that her hair is uneven. That's when the owner started screaming at me, saying, "You just said that you were in a hurry, you're FUCKING CRAZY.. YOU RUSHED THE GROOMER, DON'T EVER COME BACK HERE AGAIN," then hung up on me. Wow, I couldn't believe he just acted as unprofessional as he did, but that's not where it ended.He called me back, after hanging up on me, 5 min later, to say... "YOU'RE A FUCKING CRAZY, NEUROTIC, FAT BITCH" then hung up on me AGAIN!! WOW!! They guy lost his mind, he was hysterical. I highly recommend reading the other bad reviews and judging for yourself how professional this guy is, apparently I'm not the only one he has cursed out.
4	Hey all! As an owner of 9 (yes, 9!!) animals I've had plenty of experience with groomers around the 702 with our latest being the Groomingdales location at Rainbow and W. Cheyenne.   I'm scoring them with 4 stars indicating that I'm a fan primarily because of the awesome care they give my little ones when I bring them in. My dogs, (102lb pit/rott/mix, 28lb beagle, and 19lb cockapoo) all get the same gentle touch while still getting the job done. I'll sometimes take my cats (well, my WIFE'S cats) in as well - and the wife and I are always happy with the skill and professional attention in which they're consistently given. *On the cats: Ask for the "lion cut" next time you bring your feline in...it's awesome!*   The one problem I've had with Groomingdales in the past, and the main reason I didn't score them with all 5 stars, has been timeless.In 2012 When I first starting using them, an ETA for pick-up at "X o'clock" most times didn't happen till X+1 or X+2 hours - which was (needless to say) FRUSTRATING!!!  That said, it's obvious that the owner and staff have renewed their efforts to better not only their punctuality but also their communication because whenever they feel like they're running behind I can count on a phone call.   I'm glad that I didn't give up on this groomer because their skilled product, commitment to customer service, and fair pricing has made Groomingdales a reliable and affordable part of our pack's health and wellbeing.
1	VERY UNPROFESSONALOwner looks like he beats up people.  He has black eyes, bruising all over the face.I call at 9 this morning to see if they are open.   I was told yes and was asked a few questions about my dog.   Then I was asked if I could wait and bring her in at noon.  So I said yes.I go there at noon.  The place is a madhouse.  The owner comes over and I tell him that I called at nine and was told to come in between noon and 1.    He looks at my dog and says "Well.. she has to be shaved."  I said "Yes, I know.  Is there a problem?   I am trying to be nice, asking if I need to bring her back, are there too many dogs, just trying to be nice, and the owner goes nutz.    He says "Somethings wrong with you!  Somethings wrong with you!   Get her dog!  Get her dog out of here!  We arent going to groom your dog, something is wrong with you for asking those questions!"I ask the groomer if there was a problem because he is telling me that she is matted and he thinks that is a bad question to ask a groomer?  So he makes one of his employees go get my dog.  He says "If you are going to ask those questions, I am not going to do your dog!"    I cant believe it.  I have done NOTHING wrong, except ask if everything is ok.  To ask if they have a problem.  I am trying to be NICE and he thinks I am being mean?   Fruit case!   I look at the dogs they have there, and realise its smart if I leave because the cuts look horrific!   I tell the guy "I dont know what is wrong with you!  I simply asked if everything was ok.. you are telling me there are problems with my dog, and I already knew that.  I am sick,  I have just gotten out of the hospital because I have cancer and its taken me two weeks to get down here and you are going NUTS for no reason!"  I tell the guy "You know.. I came here because I am a lesbian and this is a gay establishment!  I drove out of my way to get here and you treat me like this?   WHY?  I wanted to know if my dog was going to be fine with you and you loose it!   Thank god I didnt leave her with a fruit cake like you!    Megomanical fruitcake.
