5	Twister Twister TwisterI went to Las Vegas with intentions on getting a tattoo at Hart and Huntington, but they were too damn expensive.  I was staying with friends at the air force base and they showed me Kats Like US Tattoos which is located in North Las Vegas right off of Nellis AFB.  My friend went in to get her nose pierced (which they did a very good job on) and of course I had to talk to the artist and see his portfolio.  It was a last minute decision to get a tattoo there but I'm happy I did it.  Twister hooked me up!!!  I told him what I wanted and how much I was willing to spend and he worked everything out for me.  I went in and his apprentice drew it up.  Twister didn't like what he drew so he took it upon himself to draw what turned out to be beautiful.  Not only is the shop clean but it's a relaxed setting, the guys there like to have fun and it made my tattooing experience there that much more memorable.  After a long 3 and a half hours it was finished, I love it.  I get stopped at least a few times a week from complete strangers complementing me on it.  This place might sound like a little hole in the wall joint, especially with all of the competition they have out in Vegas but it's more affordable and Twister is amazing.  They are very professional and take their time on what they do, both piercing and tattoos.  Next time I go to Las Vegas I'm going back to him again and having him add to his artwork.
5	Just got my 3rd tattoo here. And all I have to say is AMAZING. I went in with an idea and came out with a work of art. They always deliver, not only did I get a kick ass tattoo but and enjoyable experince. He took his time and made sure I was ok, I was getting a foot peice and was very nervous. I will for sure be back and am excited to get more work done. I LOVE KATS LIKE US!!
5	Went into kats to get a couple piercings. I was a little nervous to say the least. After getting both areas pierced I was extremely happy with the end result. True professionals in a fun atmosphere. Very reasonable pricings... trust me i got some pricey ones. I'd recommend this shop to anyone for piercings. Was able to observe some tattoos while i was waiting and was extremely impressed with that as well. I will be going there to get some cover up work done soon.
5	Had my tragus pierced last week, very clean and reasonably pierced. Staff was awesome.
5	Very nice & friendly. Had my tragus pierced here. The piercer messed up the transfer when sliding out the needle & putting in the earring. They were very nice & told me to come in the next weekend & they would do it again for free.  Went the following weekend & the guy was able to do it perfect with little pain!  They were very understanding with my low pain tollerance & stopped to let me lay down because I nearly passed out.
5	have had lots of ink at Kats Like us.   Texas, you're the best.     Came in as a walk in, you won my business from the start. Best Tattooo Shop in Las vegas.    Experience, and customer service.    I'm a fan.
