4	We have been here several times. We always enjoys the wings, the Texas toothpicks are very good. The service is what I would expect from a sports bar. If I had to pick a Con I would say it is the skimpy tops the waitress' wear.
5	I really enjoy the hot and gold wings, a must have at mcmashers.
4	Whoa, what a great place. Two guys, Asian guys, from out of town, way out of town, walk into a sports bar...But in reality, you walk in and you forget that it's on the corner of a shopping plaza with some sketch looking cars outside. But alas, it isn't LA. The place is fun sports restaurant with great food and TVs all over. We came for a dining experience and hoped to catch the game. The staff is uber friendly and great on checking in with you to make sure your water is full. The food is great. Not a lot of variety per se, but makes what try have awesome. Check out their buffalo wings, they are awesome. My buddy had their burger, which was awesome. I had ordered off their specials menu and their tacos were awesome. I also on another night got their sirloin steak, and at first I was hesitant, expecting something from Sizzlers or worse. But after speaking with their staff, i was assures that thy are fresh and top choice. She was correct, an I was impressed. It was like a cut from a Houston's or like. Good and juicy, perfectly cooked. So if you need a place to go and the cookie cutter chain restaurants is not your style, step in for a little taste of some local flavor.
4	Good service, attentive and clean.  Burgers and dry rub wings are a hit.  Good value.  Simple sports bar setup, nothing fancy.Order the Cajun Dry Rub wings. They are not on the menu but the cook at night knows how to make them.  They're awesome.
3	Stopped by last weekend w/a friend that was visiting AZ & used to be from Casa Grande. Located in the middle of a strip mall, its not hard to find if you know the area. The outside facade looks better than the inside. Inside the place reminds me of someone's rec room, High top tables, bar stools, and flat screen TVs line the walls. There are a couple of pool tables and a juke box.The menu has your typical sports bar fare. I went with the Fisherman's Platter (Fried Cod & Shrimp w/ fries & coleslaw) it was quite good. My friend ordered the fish tacos and he enjoyed it.We were joined by another friend and watched baseball while enjoying some beers. Our third friend decided to go out to the patio to have a smoke and we joined him. Our waitress then informed us that she would be leaving and asked if we wanted to close out with her of transfer our tab. Being in the industry I know how it is, so we closed out with her. When we went back in, the bartender informed us that we had reached our "limit" that day & cut us off. We attempted to ask our waitress if we did something wrong and she wouldnt give us a straight answer, just that the bartender felt we had enough.I dont know if something has happened here in the past to cause this, but we were totally caught off guard by it.All in all, McMashers is a nice place to grab a bite and catch the game, but dont expect to stay there for long. You better make some back up plans.
4	Shame on me for not getting to this sooner.  Sometimes its the obvious that escapes me!  We have been going here steadily since 2007 and will continue to until ????  When we moved to AZ in 2007 we left behind a local place that was our "go to" for dinner(A little side note - that place is where I meet my gf and we are still together!)  We really wanted to find that "new" local bar and grill and we did find it, McMashers!Husband and wife, Reggie and Bill, are the owners and are very, very nice people.They have Off Track Betting if you feel lucky and wanna play the ponies or dogs.They have the NFL ticket so you can watch your favorite team on one of their 40 + TVs.They have great outdoor seating, with TVs outside as well.The food -The menu is somewhat typical of a sports bar.  Burgers, salads, wings and a good variety of appetizers.  My gf is a HUGE fan of the jalapeno, bacon cheese burger and I have yet to find ANYONE that can beat their wings!  If you ask, they will grill the wings for you. Funny story - there is usually another couple that accompanies us when we go there.  Him and I would always order the wings extra, extra hot.  After several months of doing this, we went in to have dinner and when we looked at their new refurb'ed menu, under wings it said "McNuclear".  When we asked our regular waitress if we had anything to do with that, she said, "Ya, it's easier than writing EXTRA, EXTRA HOT!"...LOLThe wait staff is AWESOME...Heather W., Amber and Kelly are our usual waitresses and really don't even ask need to what we want to eat or drink, but they still do.  Don't don't order a club sandwich from Kelly, she will just laugh at you (Inside joke!)  The clubs are great as well!There is also a secret menu item that you can get that is a good appetizer - Bottle Caps. Beer battered jalapeno rings, deep fried and served with ranch, but don't tell them I told you!...lolJust a great place for a great burger and wings that ROCK! They occasionally have entertainment also.
4	Descent sports bar with a dog and horse track betting booth.  Booths with flat screens and tall tables and bar stools.  They have an outdoor patio as well.  The menu is pretty good for bar food.   Everything is reasonably priced and they have happy hour and hold parties.  Live bands usually on saturday nights, sometimes friday.  One pool table.  The waitress and bartenders are a cut above for a small town.
2	food was great, but we had a bad waitress, very unpleasant. We think her name was lizz. She had a bad attitude, ordered hot wings as an appetizers & she brought the plates 10 minutes after we were done. Took forever & day to cash out.
5	Internet is working just fine.  Just had a summer salad.  Delicious and they serve Dr. Pepper, not Mr. Pibb.  Very satisfying.
5	This place has a great atmosphere, delicious food, and 36 awesome HD TVs to watch your favorite sports game! Karaoke, Trivia, horse racing, live bands and a kick-ass DJ add to the fun!If you're in Casa Grande Arizona, you don't want to miss out on McMashers!
5	One of the best places in town! Everything is really good!
5	CAME TO EAT HERE WITH FRIENDS AND FAMILY AND I MUST SAY SERVICE WAS GREAT!!! And the food was delicious!!  I had the onion rings and hot wings!!! Which i get All the time!!! because the are awesome!!! Definitely a place to try if your from out of town!!! One of the best places in town !!!
2	Pretty lame, even for Casa Grande. Went on a Thursday night when they are supposed to be open until midnight. They apparently decided they wanted to close early because hardly anyone was there, so the waitress told us it was last call at 9:30 even though we had not even been there very long and were clearly planning to stay for the evening. Awesome.The beer selection is very basic. Maybe two of the taps rise above the level of barely tolerable, for anyone who's into flavorful beer. But, I guess that's a function of their clientele more than anything else. I'm not a beer snob by any means, but give me something more than light domestics.
5	Great service and good food!  Great for a couple drinks or any NFL game.The menu has tons of choices and all the staff is very attentive and friendly.
4	Very well run establishment.  There are no surprises, consistently great prices and good service.  It is one of the last LOCAL remaining family businesses in town, and should be supported!
4	Very well run establishment. There are no surprises, consistently great prices and good service. It is one of the last LOCAL remaining family businesses in town, and should be supported!
4	Very well run establishment. There are no surprises, consistently great prices and good service. It is one of the last LOCAL remaining family businesses in town, and should be supported!
4	Once you find the entrance sort of hidden in the middle of Fry's Shopping Center (Tri-Valley Plaza), you are in for a treat. Food and beverage are very good and the service is excellent. And there are more TVs than one can count. All in all, we thought McMashers was a very good experience. And by the way, the burgers are 1st rate, cooked to your desired temperature..
4	We like going to back mashers for a cold beer and they do have some fairly decent food for a sports bar and grill. The staff is always friendly and the owner always comes around and says hello. I would recommend this restaurant
4	Very well run establishment. There are no surprises, consistently great prices and good service. It is one of the last LOCAL remaining family businesses in town, and should be supported!
4	The owner is always so friendly! Good food and service at good prices. Great TV selection where you can watch any kind of sport you could imagine.
4	Very well run establishment.  There are no surprises, consistently great prices and good service.  It is one of the last LOCAL remaining family businesses in town, and should be supported!
4	this is the best place in town,my burger is always done the way I like it med rare and the service is the best,Thanks
4	We went with some friends to McMashers for lunch. It was our first time there so we had neutral expectations. The menu was average, the service was above average, but there were few people when we were there. We will go back for a supper before we make any firm opinions about this restaurant.
