5	Before my sparkly new Honda Element SC, I was eternally betrothed (guess not!) to Volvo wagons (Volvo XC remains my dream car... I'm an incredible bore in real life, I promise).Both of which had this funny habit of breaking all the goddamn time, surely not because of my penchant for not only playing tag with shopping carts in my college days but also the whole speeding and driving recklessly thing. So, needless to say, I spent a lot of time here.They do a great job (as in, I never had to repair the same thing twice), were honest ("Look, your car's falling apart. Period. The most we can do is slap some silicon on it and charge you $5 for the trouble."), and charged a fair price. I highly recommend for Volvo nuts like myself.
4	My 1995 volvo was a hand-me down which came with lots of problems! Volvo am I has been great with all my last minute calls and stop bys. The prices were always fair and repairs were made extremely fast! I will continue taking my car there as long as I have a volvo :)
1	I was informed by Volvo I Am that I needed a new AC compressor at a cost of $1300. I had a second opinion at the Volvo dealership who told me that my AC unit was just fine. In addition to the unethical business practices of this shop, the owner was extremely rude and aggressive.
4	I stopped by for new wiper blades on my C70.  They didn't have in stock but where able to obtain within a couple of hours.  I drove back and had my new blades installed in minutes all for the price of the part only.  I will go back again next week for a maintenance check.
4	Went back to Volvo Am I for a maintenance check, and the second visit was as positive as the first.  Volvo Am I Fane
4	I use Volvo Am I for my 2007 XC 70 and I am very happy with their service and prices.  The shop is clean and doesn't make me uncomfortable when I visit (sometimes with my kids in tow)...no nude centerfold pictures hanging in the work bays, or leering grease covered weirdos wielding wrenches and blasting death metal on their radio.  And they always get my car in quickly, tell me what it's going to cost me BEFORE starting the work, the prices are always fair and the work is well done.   Another big plus for me is that I never feel like I'm being lied to.  Some unethical mechanics think they can take advantage of a woman because it's automatically assumed that we're all ignorant about cars, and some of us are, but I'm not.  I like that they've never told me something outrageous like my turn signal fluid is low, or something that just seemed like they thought I didn't know any better.  I appreciate that I can expect that if they say I need it, I really do need it.  Anyway, I wouldn't hesitate to take your Volvo here, it's a nice shop and they really know their way around a Volvo.
5	I just was asked by a friend where he should have his Volvo repaired, and I remembered Volvo Am I and how much care they gave my beloved 240 wagon.  What you're paying for by choosing these guys is legit expertise, so it's worth it.  They  seemed reasonable on the price factor anyway.  The owner clearly loves Volvos and used to have a really neat 1800 out front.
5	I love this garage! Ted Noble and his crew do excellent, reliable work on only Volvos. I drive a 1998 Volvo S-70 Turbo sedan and this is the place to keep her running. The shop is clean and organized and their intense focus on Volvos  means that they know and love these vehicles. Their passion makes a difference in how they approach working on one's car. Always professional, always straight forward, always reliable! The mechanics look and dress professionally which indicates (to me) that they take their work seriously and this means a great deal to me as a consumer. No "grease monkeys" or slackers here!  Volvo Am I is operated by motor heads who love Volvos and who provide superior service. It is a locally owned and operated which further adds value in my book. I feel as if I have a relationship with this garage and that I am not just a number in the crowd. Smaller is better in this case. Do yourself and your Volvo a favor and check into Volvo Am I.
1	I took my teenage daughter's 1996 960 here late this last summer because it wouldn't pass emissions due to both oxygen sensors (allegedly) being dead.  So I turn to the Volvo specialists I've used lots of times before for my own Volvo with few issues...except perhaps for the uncomfortable, stony silence they give you when your budget is bottomed out and you politely decline one of their suggested, additional services while embarrassedly explaining that you'll have to wait to get it done until you have more money.  Very uncomfortable.So I'm thinking, no problem, these guys know their stuff, right? Apparently it *was* a problem, because after I made an appointment and dropped off my daughter's car, it took them 3 weeks and over $600 and the car STILL doesn't run!  :/ Adding to this, my husband and I had to call every few days and ask for an update on the car because we weren't being updated on the progress of the repair at all.  Have you ever had to placate an impatient 17 year old girl who needs her car to get to and from school?  It's living hell.In fact, during one of the calls I made about the car's status, I discovered that they had replaced both oxygen sensors but that wasn't the problem, but they thought they had sorted out what the new hold up was but that nobody had gotten around to calling us to let us know any of this yet, and when I authorized them over the phone to address the new issue the response to me was "Well, we have all these other cars ahead of you now".  Wait...what?  Am I not ALSO a paying customer that also had an appointment?  How did I suddenly lose my place in 'line' behind all these other customers?  Shouldn't you finish my car before starting work on a different car?  :/So yeah, after 3 weeks and over $600 they finally declared that they just didn't know what else to do with it and we paid our bill and picked up the car.  Fast forward a few months and it still hasn't passed emissions and just sits in my driveway, covered in dust, because I gave Volvo Am I all the money we could scrape together to sink into it and now I'm nervous to spend another penny since they couldn't figure it out the first time.   I'm not sure if I'm more offended that they thought we could afford repairs approaching half of the value of the car, or that we didn't deserve any follow up communications on the repair status, or that when I called to find out what was going on I discovered that we'd been dropped to the back of the line for no discernible reason whatsoever.So yeah, I'm no longer a happy customer.
5	I am not really sure why/how they get bad reviews, I chalk that up to a random bad day! My husband and I have been going here for about 5/6 years now!  My only regret is that we didn't find them sooner!!!!I love my Volvo, but  sometimes the cost to repair/maintain can be a lot. Enter the awesome dudes at Volvo Am I! They are nice, friendly, fast and HONEST!They never try to "up sell" me on anything,however they do let me know what will need to be worked on and in a timeline so I can budget or prepare for the future. They never treat me badly for not doing all repairs at one and for that I a very thankful of their understanding...Not only are they understanding, but their prices are reasonable and less than 4/5 other places I have taken my car I the past!I also loved that they are a small business... But,don't let that fool you. These professionals all worked at the Volvo dealership together back in the day and then decided to work for themselves! I'm telling you THIS is where you need to go!My husband and I are in the process of buying a new car. We are thinking of stepping away from the Volvo name for better gas mileage...  However, the thought of having to find an honest,trustworthy,cheap,friendly, local business for car maintenance stresses me out and so, I may buy another Volvo! LolNo joke, this shop is that good and so are Volvos! Try them out and compare their prices to other "luxury import" shops, you will see and become a believer just like me! :)Also, since I have been going there for so long, pretty sure they hooked my husband and I up. We basically saved 200 dollars just because! So thanks Volvo Am I! Keep it up and thanks!
