1	Went in at about 5pm on a weekday. When I 1st walked in, there were 4 or 5 staff members, all at the front, who were semi friendly and did greet us as we walked in the door.The place was almost deserted of customers(I guess now I know why)I 1st went to look at the fish. This shouldn't have been a problem, however they had 90% of the lights off in the fish tanks so you couldn't really see anything. Not sure if it was a mistake, to save power, or to hide the 1 or 2 dead fish that seemed to be in every tank.After 5 or 10 minutes a staff member finally walked by the fish area and I was able to get help. (I was there for shrimp, so the not being able to see the fish wasn't really a huge issue).I shopped around for another 10 or 15 minutes, and by the time I was done had probably around 20 items in my cart (Setting up a terrarium).I went to the cash register, where there was only 1 person ahead of me in line who had maybe 3 items.It started with her Petco card...she didn't have it and her info wouldn't pull up. The cashier gave her a new application, and instead of just scanning the new card while the customer filled it out, she stood and waited for it to be filled out in its entirety. This took at least 5 minutes as the filling out was interspersed with conversations about what happened to her points.After the cashier got all the info typed in, she started doing MORE searches for the customers lost info. Getting inpatient, I asked her to PLEASE call for another cashier or help. She did, and then continued to converse and look things up this one customer.By this time there's another customer standing behind me who'd also been there for quite a few minutes.  Keep in mind that honestly, they only had about 4 customers in the store.   3 of us were in line. There were STILL 2 other staff members standing at the entrance, talking and laughing. The cashier was trying her hardest to avoid looking at me or the people behind me...I guess maybe even she realized that over 10 minutes in a line for 1 person was excessive.I finally walked out, telling the oh so sociable employees at the door that the service in that store was the worst I'd ever seen, and to get the shrimp back in the tanks before they died. Needless to say, I will NEVER shop at this location again. It's apparant that there is either NO manager, or a very, very poor one.Wouldn't be surprised to see this place close....and soon.
3	This Petco serves just about all of my pet needs.  They are one of the few stores that always has the Wellness brand food that I buy.  Most of the Pet Smarts or pet specialty stores either don't carry it or never keep it in stock 24/7, but I never had that problem here.  For that reason, as well as it being fairly close to my house, I'll continue to shop here.They sometimes have decent specials and deals here on things from food to treats to toys and beyond.  For the most part thou, they are priced just a bit higher than the other pet stores.  And the employees usually just stick up front by the registers, so if you need assistance you kinda have to go on a search and drag mission which is a bit annoying.
5	Great Grooming Location!Just had our 90lb Lab Mixed Groomed, they were so nice to her and friendly to us.They even sent us home with a goodie bag for our girl!~
3	last time i was there, they hooked me up with the knowledge to house train my gf's dog. still a work in progress but its coming along.
4	A good 'all-around' pet supply store.  The staff is friendly & fairly knowledgeable in their areas.  The store is clean and inviting, with a large selection for just about every pet, be they cat, dog, bird, etc.  They also have frequent specials throughout the whole store.  A great place to have nearby if you own pets.
4	Very friendly and accommodating staff. I came here to buy a new tank for my turtles (woohoo for the $1/gallon sale they were having) and one of the employees helped me pick out a tank after asking for some info about the age/size of my turtles. Then he helped me to carry the tank into a shopping cart and even over to my car because it was a 40gal tank. Other than my tank purchase, whenever I come here, I'm always helped out right away. Whether it's buying some feeder fish or just looking for some tips and information, the employees are very helpful.
3	For some reason I feel like this Petco location is better than others, just seems cleaner, better staff, etc. We saw signs for an event called Puppy Playtime, so we went, they don't have it regularly but keep an eye on their Facebook page for announcements. Only one other puppy showed up, but they had fun together and Claire the dog trainer was great with them. Free treats, off leash play in a secure area, and attempting to tire out your puppy is well worth the trip. There was a dog adoption going on as well, so there were lots of dogs around to socialize with before and after playtime.Be sure to sign up for a Petco card to increase your savings!
4	The employees are always friendly and helpful but I think they change what items they carry too often. The shelves are not ever the same!
3	Yelp 100 Challenge 2013- 8/100Petco is my pet store of choice. I used to be a **cough** PetSmart junkie  until my previous pup (boxer) was diagnosed with nasty food allergies. Off I went in search of healthier dog food....To my surprise, I found exactly what I was looking for at Petco. They put PetSmart to shame.They have a wide selection of higher quality food for the health conscious pet lover, like myself. In case your looking for a high grade dog food....I buy Merrick Classic Real Lamb with Brown Rice & Apple Dry Dog Food that is made with high-quality protein, whole grains, vegetables and fruits. My french bulldog is in great health and I attribute that to a healthy diet.This particular Petco has decent staff. They're always friendly and there is rarely a line. You can be in and out in a jiffy! Oh, don't forget to sign up for their Pals card for extra discounts!
2	The store is pretty clean, friendly staff, and a decent selection (could be better). I was able to find our specialty dog food here, but they do not carry everything we need so I don't come here often. When I do come here, there is one thing I continually notice and that is hard to locate staff! I sometimes wonder if anyone would notice if we just threw money on the register, bagged our items, and left.
1	Really bad service and staff.  They are nice until you have to return something.  You get that vibe like the return is coming out of the employees pockets. I'll stick to Pet smart because they always provide great service regardless of if you are purchasing, returning or just asking questions. Prices are cheaper as well!
1	I went to Petco to get a 24"H Dog Pen for $69.99. Their website petco.com has the item for $55. Their policy does not allow price match of their own website because they want people to shop online than their stores....lol..Go figure. I found the same item from a different company with better quality built, 30"H, online for $30.  Petco never failed as an over priced pet store and crappy customer satisfaction.
4	I love Petco! I left Petsmart and never looked back.Prices are reasonable, they have more of a variety of different treats. Plus, they're the only ones that carry my pups brand of food. Cashier is always friendly but it's hard to find any other employees in the store. I signed up for their rewards program and get about $10.00 off every so often.
4	I go to this petco often for dog and turtle food as it is right down the street from me. This was however the first time I took my dog in to have her nails cut and a bath. I'll start by saying the groomer was very sweet with my dog Quinn, who was pretty scared to leave me. She has attachment issues... they called me once to give me an update on Quinn's status which was nice. When I returned to pick quinn up she looked great smelled great and was in high spirits. She even had a new pink bandana around her neck. It was very reasonably priced as well. I was happy with the results and the care my dog was shown. I can't speak for other petcos, but this was was great. My only problem is I signed up for a membership card about 2 months ago and my number still isn't in their system which is annoying, no one wants to carry around another card let's be honest.
3	Grooming dept gets a 2. It is inaccepable for it to take 3 hours for my dog to get a bath. Especially when they quote me an hour which would be a reasonable amount of time. I come to the location cause It is close to my house and they carry the food my dog eats.
