5	I love the way they do nails...
4	I brought my son to Wild Nails while visiting in Arizona. I was so impressed with the service I'm going to hold off on getting my biweekly pedicure back home next time I visit. The luxury pedicure was about an hour long, included a sugar scrub, hot stone & hot towel wrap and paraffin wax. I usually pay the same amount back home but without all the extras that wild nail provides. Space looks brand new even though its been around for years. New massage chairs are fantastic.
5	Outstanding!! Clean tanks. Clean foot "utensils". Great non "bubble" nail polish. I was there for the deluxe which was $30, and lasted for well over an hour. My nappy feet are once again happy feet. ;) Ohhh and only once was there that uncomfortable talk between the girls - you know what I am talking about!!!! Are try talking about my foot gunk or the customer sitting next to me.. Hee he Hee crap. None of that. :) 5 stars for that alone. They all speak English. 10 more stars for that!
5	I'm so glad that I finally found a replacement for my old nail place!  After being disappointed with the service at the old place, this place was a breath of fresh air.I got a fresh new set of pink and white tips.  I told the them exactly what I wanted and that is exactly what I got.  It was only $40 for a set on brand new white tips.  That's not super cheap but it's not expensive either.  They didn't take too long either.  They look great and I will be back.
5	Justin did my nails and did a great job! Not a talkative guy but I was very happy with the job he did.
2	Came here with a wedding party to get a polish change. Went with the gel, first time experience. Paid 20 bucks, gave a 5 dollar tip. Keep in mind that was just a polish change, not a manicure. The color picked was light pink. 2 days later the color was nude with highlighter pink tips. Not impressed. Won't be back and feel like I overpaid for what I got. It's been  a week and a half and its peeling at my cuticles and 2 nails of my nails have broken. Ugh!
5	Love love love love!!! Will never go to another nail salon have gone twice and am hooked they have a loyal customer now!
4	Cute busy but very friendly and reasonable salon. Got a great gel french manicure here. I was a walk in but they saw me in just a few minutes and didn't rush the manicure. They don't have a huge selection of gel colors, mostly just the basics. But the lady who did my manicure was very good and made sure to do extra coats so the color was perfect! They also have a nice new OPI lights.
5	I haven't had artificial nails done for 5 years and last time it took 90 minutes.  Justin was not only speedy (I was out of there in 50 min) but he did a fabulous job.  You can tell he is quite experienced and I am super happy.  It is very inexpensive and a great quality job.  Highly recommend
1	WALLET BE WARNED! Went here with my 12 year old daughter and walked out $145.00 lighter!!!! NOT IMPRESSED. They nickel and dimed everything! It was ridiculous.  Mani/pedi NOT EVEN GEL and brow wax for a child was $65!! My back fill and BASIC pedicure -again not gel or french- was $75. Which I wanted french on toes but the girl never asked and when I tried to correct her she "couldnt understand me". Im angry about paying Day spa prices for less than quality service in a place nothing even close to a spa. No one talked to us or offered water just over charged and sent us on our way with half-assed nails. NEVER AGAIN!
5	Started going here about a year ago and I am still happy. The faces don't change evertime I go in,  it is always clean, they all do good work and they really focus on you, i dont feel like i am being rushed. The price is fair, comparable to the area.
1	Got my nails done by the owner a few months back. It was terrible. Although he was very nice he paid no attention to what he was doing and was doing a terrible job. I stopped him half way through and left. I post this now because I have finally found a great salon called Estrella Nails on Happy Valley and Lake Pleasant where they are nice and pay attention.
1	Bobby does a great job, but I will never be going back due to I took my mom there on Mother's Day and they charged me $48 for a fill, a fill!!. I got a full set and hers were more expensive then mine. Are you joking?? They were same length as mine. Nothing different. I was so upset and to top it off the lady was slow, kept leaving her and got acrylic all over her fingers and it won't come off a day later. It put a damper on my moms Mother's Day present.
4	The employees at wild nails are extremely kind and friendly. I have gone to wild nails twice and both times I have loved my nails. They do fantastic gels. They give massages with all mani and pedi, which feels great. The owner is also great, my friends did not like how her nails came out, she went a week later and he redid them for free and they looked great.
1	Do Not Go here They Just Butcherd my Cuticles the guy didn't speak any English and the owners wife was yelling at me because I was upset with my service.. Then she locked me in the place so I called the police on her and her husband.. They Tryed to Chase Me And Then Locked Me inside.. And I even payed her in full and she didn't even finish her job Because she was yelling so loud in the place.. DO NOT WASTE YOUR TIME AND MONEY..LESSON LEARNED NEVER TO GO TO PLACES LIKE THIS EVER AGAIN..
1	Sucks!Sucks!owners both of them Suck all the people that are probably not from the us and don't speak any English All Suck Too Terrible
5	Super clean and friendly. The gentleman was so kind to my elderly mom. I wish we had a shop like this in Lake Tahoe.
