5	Very nice restaurant. The food is great and the staff is helpful. It's almost as good as my moms cooking.
5	Wow, had an amazing dinner here last night with my brother and I must say I was amazed!  Let me preface that I've been to S Korea two times and eat Korean in Toronto all the time and their food was excellent, fresh and flavourful.  We ordered 2 bibimbap's with Jap Chae and they had a really nice banchan of the regular Kimchi, sweet potato and other veggie delicacies!  Definitely coming back for the Dok Boki and Fried chicken!
5	Delicious dinner and really clean place.Nice service and pretty quiet place too.Food takes a little bit longer than what you expect but otherwise really recommended.
4	I live nearby and have driven by this place a thousand times, never giving it much thought because the surroundings are not the nicest looking. Boy was I wrong to judge this gem of a restaurant by its cover. While the view of speeding traffic along Cavendish, overlooking a parking lot across the street are gritty and not in a cool way, the food fully compensates. Who cares about the view really with food this good. And the interior is beautifully simple, and spotlessly clean. Service was great - friendly, and fairly prompt. Minor disappointment with incredibly limited beer selection (only Sapporo) and having to pack my own doggy bag for the meal my daughter couldn't finish, but these are not that important. What matters is the quality of the food and this was there in abundance. We stuck to the BBQ (chicken, pork and beef). The bimbibop was sweet and tasty, the chicken and pork nicely spiced (one in our party found it too spicy but I loved it). Generous portions but not too much. Overall a very satisfying meal and a restaurant I will return to. (For what it's worth, the other diners were either Korean or pregnant or both which I take as a very good sign.)
3	We were disappointed that this is not all-you-can-eat, and the BBQ entrees require a minimum of two people (at around $15 pp). Seems a bit pricey when you can get BBQ buffet style for about the same price. We ended up getting a lunch box and a bibibap. The entrees come with more sides than other restaurants (miso soup, and about 4-5 kimchi type sides) so the portions felt quite generous for our entrees (at about $10 pp).Restaurant was nice and clean, and service was great. But given the price point for BBQ, I don't think we'll be back unless we're really craving a bibibap (which was great; the lunch box was a bit disappointing as the chicken wasn't very flavourful) when we're in the NDG area.
4	Still my favourite place to come for Korean in Montreal.  The place is seldom busy and the food is very authentic, flavourfu spicy and excellent menu selection.  On my visit I ordered the Mandu dumplings as an appetizer and then a Beef Bibimbap.  Bibimbap is he perfect meal for me on a cold winter evening as it warms up the whole body.  Nice and spicy with the red sauce and the bantam is always generous and very fresh.  Service was a bit slow on our visit but that won't deter me from coming back!
