2	Cute ambiance, but ultimately the food fails to deliver. I was pretty hopeful when I first sat down and looked at the menu- plenty of favorites available, and I was looking forward to coming back.Sadly, the food that we ordered was pretty disappointing. The rice tasted like seasoned microwaved instant. Why you would go to the trouble of properly seasoning such bad rice is beyond me. Also, the server we got seemed unfamiliar with the menu, and the owner/manager was walking around greeting all the other tables and talking to customers- yet never approached us.. I guess he could tell we were unimpressed? Good authentic Cuban is tough to find in Charlotte, but there is definitely better than this place around (try A Piece of Havana on Tryon or even better, Carlos Cafe in Rock Hill).
2	I did not eat any meat/seafood while I was here, so what I had was not great.  I could have made it better, and it definitely left something to be desired.  The waiter was a nincompoop, but nice.  Atmosphere was great.  Drinks were very good.  Wouldn't go here again.
3	Call me spoiled, but I am a Cuban from Miami and know what real authentic Cuban food tastes like. All I want is to find an amazing and authentic restaurant that serves Cuban food up here but it's hard. But, good first. Ambiance at Cuban Pete's is awesome. I walked in and was immediately in a good mood. The decoration and lighting are perfect and it's such a nice place to just sit in. Our waiter was very attentive and the food we ordered was out in like 5 minutes. Very impressed with the service here, they seem to have a really great staff that go above and beyond. For example, my food came out with the wrong side. I was okay with this because the side that did come out was one I like anyway so I was just going to eat it. About 2 minutes later, a cook came rushing out of the kitchen with my correct side because he had just realized he had given me the wrong one. So I got to eat both, hooray! And I hadn't even complained so I was pleased with that resolution. Now, the not-so-good. While the menu choices are authentic on paper, they did not taste like the food I get back home. Not to say that it was not good or tasty food, because some of it was. But those croquettes could not have tasted less like the ones I get in Miami and same with my churrasco.  The plantains were okay but not as soft and melt in your mouth as they need to be. The tostones were lacking in flavor. The black beans and rice were bland. And I was missing some delicious cuban bread. Oh please bring me delicious cuban bread. Again, the food is okay, definitely edible and I may even return just for the fun of the place. But when you are really craving the straight up authentic Cuban cuisine that you are missing from S. Florida, this is not going to do it for you. I have been to Carlos' Cafe in Rock Hill and its much more authentic, but a bit of a drive. And while I am at this rant, can a Cuban place please open up and serve me some Cuban breakfast? All these places that open up do lunch and dinner only! We are desperately missing that up here, pastelitos with cafe con leche and cuban toast. *Sigh*
2	I was with one of my friends and he looked up Cuban Pete's menu and read that they had:Cuban Pete's Cigars / Cigarros Cuban Pete 7.00Two cannoli shells dipped in chocolate ganache andfilled with Gran Marnier whipped cream, servedwith a scoop of vanilla ice cream and finished withcandied orange peels.  So- we zip in there to check it out, it sounded delish!  They served us stale, refridgerator empty cannoli shells- with bagged whip cream, you could tell because it is shiny looking, they didn't even fill the shells, they just squirted it in the ends.  It was a disaster.  Where are my candied orange peels?  I would completely write this restaurant off, but the Cuban sandwich on another reviewers pic, looks really good, so I am going to give it one more try, but I won't be ordering the cigars.
3	Wow, they spent some SERIOUS cash remodeling this place. My favorite touch - dirty clothes hangin' from a powerline (look to the left as you walk in). Thatched everything. Dim but colorful lighting. If Epcot had a Cuba pavillion, it would aspire to this.I'm not a big Sangria fan, but we had some anyway, and it was tasty, if not that memorable. Being able to sample them all before throwing down 20 bucks on a pitcher is awesome.Food was good, but we kept looking for sauce - of any sort - because it hovered in safe, bland land despite the menu's descriptions (I tasted neither horseradish, cilantro OR vinaigrette at any point in my meal). What I did taste was burnt, smoky grilled-ness, which I love, but overwhelmed all else. A+ for having veg options - two! A++ for beans and rice being totally vegan!Service, from door to check, was some of the best I've had in CLT. We were checked on two times by people other than our server, yay!So, why the three stars? Price, and potential. 4 dollars for tiny, overfried empanadas (tasty, I admit). Fried tostones, flattened and greasy, were the highlight of my meal (lame). Don't be skeered to pump the flavors, ya'll! And, if by some miracle, you decide to put a veg-friendly cuban sandwich on the menu, I'll cry with joy. And be back often.
4	I felt like I was on vacation when I went here. Lots of music, great interior design, and a very friendly staff. Our server was really cool...we were treated like VIPs. The owner greeted us and made sure that we had a good experience. We ordered the seafood paella and it was DELICIOUS and flavorful! It was enough for 4! The drinks were tasty too (we had some Cuban macha tea). Great location in Plaza Midwood with ample parking. It won't break the bank and you get quality food and experience. Sandwiches are in the $8 range, more complex dishes are slightly more. I will be back!
3	the Good: They make the most of the atmosphere. It is in a strip mall. Once you are inside you forget that it is next to a Subway and Tropical Fish II. The menu is huge. The chicken and rice is good. The drink specials are tasty. the Bad: Skip the Cuban. Average, at best.
