4	Love this store! They have a great selection of lunch box accessories and back packs as well as great beds and furniture for both boys and girls. You can find great unique birthday gifts for both girls and boys.The Catalog has even more selection than the store but I really like going into the store to get decorating inspiration for my girls rooms.
5	I love Pottery Barn. If I could do my whole house in PB, I would, but I save it for special things. For instance, I always buy my children's bedding from here because they have the best designs (not tacky) and are great quality. Recently, I re-did my 7 year old's room a Star Wars theme. I looked everywhere for cute Star Wars stuff, but PB won out so I jumped on it during their Veterans Day sale when it was 20% off. I called the store to see what they had and they were able to hold it for me for 4 days until I could get down there! Customer service can be iffy depending on who you get. I've once had a very rude, condescending lady when my children tried to get their free book after completing the summer reading challenge, but aside from her, everyone is usually nice. My tip: if you're working on a big project and need a lot of stuff, see what's available in stores before you order online. The online shipping is by how much you spend, so I was able to buy most of my items in store and only purchased the items online that weren't in stock in stores.
5	This store has such cute stuff for kids (it's better than the adult store, Lol). I went in and the sales lady was very nice and courteous. The store was very tidy and clean. I loved all of the cute stuff (they seriously know how to make you shop). I highly recommend this store for some items for your child(ren), niece, nephew or any kid you are shopping for. I will definitely return here.
1	This is for Pottery Barn Kids online. Horrible customer service. I ordered a monogrammed chair for my daughter for Christmas. First, they sent the chair with no monogram, then when they sent me out the correct order they failed to tell me it was on back order for a month!!! I had to call and try to find out where it was. Now her Christmas present is a month late. Thanks for nothing!!!
