4	Cute little souvenir shop.  Typical Vegas souvenirs here: ash trays, shirts, backscratchers, girly calendars, shot glasses, etc.  There is a twist of hawaii in here, as this is a hawaiian chain store.  It shows by the Kona coffee, flowery sun dresses, mother-of-pearl jewelry, flowery hair accents, etc.  Prices are average.  I've seen cheaper souvenirs, but since this shop is off the strip, I'd probably be back.  Its less crowded and parking is not ridiculous.  It is right next to a spa, as well.  this location doubles as a convenience store as well.  They have drinks and snacks here too: Cooked hot dogs, soups, muffins & misc pastries.  There are even 3 slot machines in this store. :)  Drinks are both alcoholic & non.
4	I was in the neighborhood, killing time before meeting up with friends. I stopped by and was warmly greeted by every single employee in this store. Now that's customer service. The store is well-stocked, like most ABC Stores tend to be and has all the things people on a vacation would need while staying in the area, including slot machines. Hospitable and clean always wins the day with me.
3	This location is clean and very convenient for the bluegreen resort, next door.
4	Dried mango and chocolate covered Macadamia nuts... I just love that Vegas has ABC stores.  I stop into them occasionally to load up on tasty Hawaiian treats that are hard to find elsewhere.  I also dig their (sexy) calendars for only $2. This location is big and spacious but a bit out of the way.  I was trying to waste time while waiting for a friend when I pulled in.  Normally though, it seems like it'd just serve the condo community around it.  Still, it's nice, clean, and have a few gambling machines (for you addicts).  Also, the guy working was really nice!Might see ya there!
4	I stopped by here because it's attached to the Bluegreen resort next door. It's a nice quick place to grab water, snacks, alcohol, and souvenirs. They have EVERYTHING in stock, especially because it's so roomy and there aren't many people around. It's tough to get to by taxi, but if you're driving, it's a nice place to shop. The employees were SUPER nice and kept checking to see if I needed help with anything.
