4	This large, airy hotel restaurant is a good local lunch spot for something a bit more healthy than a burger. Our waitress was prompt and efficient. I was impressed at how knowledgeable she was when I asked about some menu substitutions.My friends and I each had a salad. Mine was a big, fresh, and tasty oriental salad with mandarin oranges, romaine, and water chestnuts. The peanutty dressing came on the side without me asking, which I absolutely appreciate. They also had an option for marinated and then lightly sauteed chunks of tofu as a salad add-on (I don't care for chicken), and it was quite good. The marinade tasted like a light soy. I'd definitely have it again.In case the listing info isn't clear, this restaurant is located in the Hilton Phoenix Airport, on the north end of the building.
4	Very courteous staff and more health conscious options than is usual- even for California! They sat us with a smile 10 minutes before the breakfast buffet was over, and, along with the regular fare, there was soy milk, tofu scramble, tons of fresh fruit, granola, and oatmeal with all the fixins... Rennick's for the win.
2	Stick with sandwiches.  Everything else is so-so.
2	Typically I've come here to eat during the day and get taken care very well by a very nice and wonderful waitress, Anita. After this experience I refuse to go back unless she is the one waiting on me. The food here is great but the service can certainly be lacking. The waitress tonight was certainly busy but she didn't even make an effort to check up on us. That is even after I had to go to the bar and get a 2nd round of drinks for me and my fiance. I didn't get guacamole with my entree like I was suppose to and couldn't even get any ketchup for her fries since it's like we weren't even being waited on. I don't know if possibly we were being discriminated upon for having a Groupon, since she was checking up on everybody else and would just walk right past us. I still tipped cash but below the norm of course, and wrote on the tip line on the receipt "disappointed" since the service really was.
1	We ate at Rennick's restaurant, with some eager anticipation because we were hungry and the menu looked decent, and it was our only option (nothing else within walking distance of hotel). We sat outside in the lovely and peaceful courtyard by the fountain. The waitress was very earnest and sweet. I ordered a Tuna MELT with sweet potato fries. Everything on the plate was cold, though the plate was warm. There was a sprinkle of cheese on the top that looked like it was broiled for 20 seconds to brown, but even that was cold. I asked the waitress to have them re-heat the sandwich, and maybe put a little more cheese on the top. She returned with the cold sandwich and cold fries. She told me that the chef said 'that's how the sandwich is supposed to be'. She even came out with another waitress that affirmed that the tuna melt is supposed to be cold: "it's a tuna salad and comes cold". I pointed out that my fries were cold. The waitress reached over and grabbed one from my plate and said "yeah, it is cold! I'm sorry." She came back later and said that the manager was running to a meeting but would take 10% off for me 'for the inconvenience.' I would have rather had some warm food! I tried to be a good sport and eat it, but it was unappetizing so I left it uneaten. Having to (mostly) pay for the food I did not eat, with not even a token attempt from the restaurant to try and fix it or get me something I liked? Total let down.
1	I would give negative star I could. The menu pricing is not in line with what they charging. This is illegal and unethical. I will report this to BBB and state commerce.
