5	I live just down the street from Mr. Geero. My family and I decided to give it a try and I am so very glad we did!!! I had the Philly Cheese steak and fries. The sub roll was very soft, the cheese, steak, onions, peppers, and mushrooms were perfectly cooked. Normally I don't rave about French fries cause well, they are just fries but, these were hot, perfectly salted and most importantly crisp!My mom had the Greek salad and she said it was just as good. The lettuce and feta were fresh and the dressing was homemade. My dad had the original gyro and said it was fabulous. All and all not one complaint! The owner came up to speak to us and he was super nice! He gave us some Baklava and invited us back. I have never had baklava that was fresh and this definitely was. It was delicious!!!Restaurants in this area have a bad habit of failing. PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE go and try Mr. Geero!!
4	We live down the street from this newly opened restaurant and we are glad it opened. The food selection isn't great, but it tastes great and comes at a good price. If you want to eat cheap, do yourself a favor and give it a try.
3	More of a burger and wing joint than a Greek restaurant.  I was a bit disappointed with this place.  Hearing it was a Greek restaurant, I was expecting more than fries and burgers.  I wanted moussaka.  Would have settled for a good gyro, but that wasn't here either.You see the other folks say the Philly Cheese steak is good.  Not greek at all.  What a joke.  This is an american restaurant, which is fine, but change the name to something a bit less misleading.
2	I came here with my family because this place was close to our house and I felt like we needed to explore a little for restaurants around our neighborhood. With a 4 star review I decided it was worth a try for my tastebuds.Looking at this area, in my opinion it's not exactly a good place for a restaurant. Located right next to the Bi-Lo and situated with conjoining restaurants it's iffy for a sit down restaurant. I'll start with the good, and then move to on to the bad. The good thing, price. Meals here are good in price. Ranging from $2 or so appetizers to $5 subs and $8 combos. So, that points towards an awesome choice for lunches. Inside is clean and orderly not much to it though, just tables chairs and pictures on the wall. The counter you look into is a see through to the back of the kitchen which I feel is bigger than what they need. The food wasn't too bad, even though I felt as if everything did come out of a can and the lettuce wasn't amazingly fresh. Now on to the bad. If you sit here to eat, I hope you have a phone or something on you because you will be bored. No entertainment and just tables is what awaits you. I felt as if I was at a Showmars, but less service and a smaller menu. Not to mention, when I did order off their menu it said that they offered cheese fries... But when I ordered it: "We don't have any cheese fries..." Well, that's interesting.Overall, it wasn't amazing. Great place for lunch, but I don't know about dinner. No alcohol provided and well for a wings and sub shop especially one that makes cheese steaks I think this is not really that good... The food is okay, and prices are too. Lunch, yes. Dinner, No.
5	I eat here all the time and although it sometimes takes 10 minutes (i just call ahead to avoid this) to get your food. It's well worth the wait, the food is authentic even though the setting does not look like it. On top of the Greek options, the burgers, fries and Philly steak options are a must. They are accommodating to custom orders like making a custom vegetarian Philly sub without the meat. I would eat here non stop if I did not travel for a living.
4	I'm a fan of this place... The menu is a mix of american and some greek. The gyro's are pretty good and the various burgers / subs are great... I can't say that I have too many complaints. The only complaint that I have is the "bulk frozen" onion rings... You can sit there and watch them make up your food and they pull it out of a store bag in their freezer and put it into the fryer... They taste fine, but maybe some handmade ones would be a good improvement. Also the interior has a little left to be desired but other then that I have never had a meal there that I regretted! Give this place a try!
4	I frequent this establishment a lot and so does most people in my neighborhood. We recently had a discussion in my neighborhood facebook group about this place and we all agreed (which does not happen often). The food is absolutely amazing. No matter if you order the wings, the Gyros, the burger, cheese sticks, fried, onion rings or even the Philly cheese steak. It is all really really good.My only complaints areFood taking a long time to get, I call ahead for thisthe dine in decor showing more of a take out appearance.Other than those two things I highly suggest eating there. I think the owners are the cooks and will often hand deliver the food to your table as they are proud of their dishes.
5	I love the food excellent prices and people
4	Can't complain- excellent gyros and salads. Everything is always warm and fresh. Great spot for quick dinners. Definitely call ahead for takeout.
2	I'm not a fan as the food and decor is just so-so. It's priced accordingly, though, so it'd be good for a quick bite! The staff is very nice.
5	This place is a smaller - family owned style business. They are all so nice and accommodating. The decor isn't major but the food is great and incredibly affordable. We recently moved away and miss having this place just around the corner!
5	This is a sandwich shop not a gourmet restaurant so arrive with appropriate expectations and you will leave in love! I call ahead for take out here often. I love the gyro! Loaded with perfectly delicious meat plenty of tzatziki sauce and fresh veggies. The onion rings are the best I have ever had. Now don't get them if you are on a diet! I love this little place and want to help them stay in business! Give them a try!
5	Very delicious. Clean establishment. The Greek salad was awesome, the dressing is amazing. I also got the regular gyro, the sauce and meet is very good.
4	Great food. The Greek salad with grilled chicken on top is great. I have also gotten the chicken pita, hummus & your choice of normal or seasoned fries. I have never gotten a bad meal.
5	Delicious casual Greek!  First time there, got the regular gyro with fries (hubs got same with onion rings). Gyros were big, hearty, and flavorful. Fries were SO good (onion rings were great too). We'll be coming back!
5	I can't get enough if that "Philly Steak" sub. And my wife loves the salads. The place is clean, staff is friendly, its quiet and relaxing. Perfect to go eat after work if you don't want to cook.
5	Great gyros! Quick and inexpensive for their combs. Generous portions and very friendly staff.
4	My first experience is quite exquisite! The Philly Cheese steak sandwich was awesome! I also bought a small Greek salad and it was awesome! Although the menu had many great choices, I decided to try one  item at a time based off the reviews. To anyone that is in the area of one of these restaurants, I would recommend it!
