5	I was looking into ordering a custom cake for my best friends 21st birthday trip to Las Vegas. Shannon was very nice to deal with. I was able to tell her over email what I wanted, and pay over paypal. I picked up the cake, with only a $20 delivery charge (which was the cheapest on any of the quotes that I had gotten), in the Lobby of our hotel. I will deal with her business again. The cake was very delicious. It didn't take long for us to devour it. With how Vegas was, we were able to eat the cake until 2 days after we had gotten it, the frosting was still soft and the cake was VERY moist.
5	Shannon (the owner) was very kind and extremely easy to deal with over  the phone as well as in person. As I was planning out my sister's 21st birthday in Vegas I looked into ordering a custom cake. Since I live in San Francisco I had to order and deal with the details over the phone. Shannon was helpful and sent me pictures of her work so I can get a better idea. She had made wonderful cakes and not to mention those cakes had extremely wonderful prices! I told Shannon exactly what type of cake I wanted (Hot pink and black with a drinking theme) and she went above and beyond to make sure I got what I wanted. She even went as far as shopping for hot pink and black souvenirs to place on my cake to jazz it up a little. That's some hard work!She offers a delivery but, I decided to just go pick it up from her (she is located 15-20 min. off the strip) No a bad deal.The cake was red velvet and was baked to perfection. We ate it for at least a couple days!I had a delicious and very pleasant experience!-Reasonably priced -Creative concepts-Very friendly service from owner
4	i would give it 4.5 stars actually.SERVICE- let me just say they had excellent service! they were very kind and helpfu. i bought one of these online vouchers for a dozen cupcakes for only $14 from livingsocial.com...i figured why not give it a try. they had 4 flavors to choose from but i was only interested in the 2 flavors and i was hoping if they can make peanut butter cupcake instead for substitution. Shannon was very patient w/ me and she did make a cupcake w/ the most amazing peanut butter mousse...my bf loves peanut butter and he claims it was the best peanut butter cupcake he's ever had. that is alot coming from  picky eater. they were kind enough to deliver it to my place too...so yes, 5 stars for service.TASTE- cupcakes were very good and moist, esp. the peanut butter one. i was just hoping they used a cream cheese icing on the red velvet instead of vanilla buttercream, but other than that, it was great.PACKAGING- well i guessed for half the price, you won't really expect a fancy box but i was just hoping it would have been a regular cupcake box w/ a dividers for the cupcakes so they keep they nice icing shape....but they used a regular cake box...everyhing was still in placed, but the cupcakes were a little bit smooshed...but other than that it's ok. i'm just ocd in certain ways.give this place a try, they will do everything to work w/ ur needs and wants.
