5	The shop is clean and the tech that did my pedicure was fabulous (Tammy)  My only complaint has to be that they charge an extra $5 for callus removal (the main reason for a pedicure is to get rid of those rough places without having to do it yourself).  She did a fabuous job, the massage was great and her finished work on the polish was really nice.  When they start on you they open up a fresh set of implements and I alway like that..
5	I love this salon.  Everybody who works there is very nice and thr salon is always so clean.  They do get very busy and if you don't have a appt. You may have to wait but it is worth it.
1	I'm new to town and I picked this place because of the good reviews. The first time I went I had gel polish, but it came already chipping off after 7 days! I never had that experience before. Gel polish easily last 3 weeks and usually only has to be replaced because it grows out. Also, they don't have the same brand nail polish that they use for gel polish, so for your toe nails, you have to pick a color that comes close, but you see always a difference, especially once it's on your nails. I decided to give them another chance and went  back after three weeks, and when they took off the nail polish on my toe nails, I saw I had fungus! They reassured me it was 'normal'.  Then I had the manicure, the girl that helped me cut in my cuticles, leaving an ugly scab on my finger. Nail salons are all over the place, so there is really no need to go back here.
1	I came here based on reviews on Yelp. 20% more expensive than the salon I have been going to and 200% more cattiness then any salon I have ever been to. The funniest and saddest part is they were actually gossiping about how rude people are. There is a large mirror at the back and maybe they should take a good long look in it.
4	I actually came to this salon just because it was the first salon I came to in the Buckeye area while on vacation.  I didn't have an appointment and they took me right away.   She really took her time and wasn't rushed like a lot of places.  Everyone was very friendly.  I got the salt scrub which is was really relaxing and not rushed at all.  The whole pedicure took about 1 hour.  Next time I am in AZ I will be back.  Its been 2 weeks and my pedicure still looks great!
5	I have had my nails done for decades and in my opinion this place does the best work to make them look natural. I get gel nails and usually do a clear with a pink or colored tip and they always look beautiful. I get so many compliments when I go here that I have made it the only place I go to now. Formerly, I would go to other local places but once I went here, I stopped going anywhere else and only go here now. Kathy, one of the owners, is so nice and has done my nails as well as her husband. They make you feel like family too. I also get pedicures here too and they are great!P.S. Something tells me that the negative reviews on here are possibly from competitors that are hating on them. Maybe not but when I read them, I instantly had that feeling.
4	Walked in for a pedicure with my husband on a busy afternoon.  They accommodated us immediately & had us choose a pedicure (we both got the deluxe). They use the plastic tub inserts for sanitation which I appreciated! The deluxe included a 10 minute massage.  The only reason I gave 4 stars was because the massage was more like 10 minutes of rubbing lotion into my my legs and feet.  The woman who massaged my husband looked like she gave him more of a massage. Polish looked great!
2	I tried Pretty Nails for the second and LAST time.  I signed in for a fill in and pedicure. I was quickly seated in a pedicure chair where I waited 20 minutes while I saw someone who came in after me get seated and her pedicure began.  Me, I am still waiting.  So finally my pedicure gets completed and I am set to dry.  Now I am waiting for my fill in, 15 minutes have not gone by and then I was asked if I could leave and come back some other time because they just had a large group of people who had an appointment and they showed up 30 minutes late, so now there was no one to do my fill in.  I had now been in the salon for 90 minutes!!!  Needless to say, I left and got my fill in done at another local salon and I will not be going to Pretty Nails again.
4	Very nice staff. I wish the staff would use actual massage techniques when giving a pedicure, Especially when it costs $40.00. Other than that it was great. My toenails look great. I have an ankle injury and one of the staff recommended an essential oil to use, she even let me use Some that she already had. The girl knows her stuff. I'm visiting from Indiana and had no clue where to go, thanks to yelp I found a good place.
5	Absolutely loved their service! I am VERY picky and they did a great job.  I got a manicure, pedicure, callus treatment and eyebrow wax and tint!  All at a great price for great quality work!! I found my new nail spot!
2	My two daughters and I have been coming here bi - weekly for mani - Pedi ' s for over a year. When ownership changed a few months ago, we continued to go there, although service is not as good. We noticed all the old techs left within a couple of weeks and the new techs are simply okay.  After today, I will not go back there ever! They have a male tech ( Not Kevin, but the other guy) he was so rude, disrespectful and wrong! He ordered me around and when I told Vicki, the manager,  he got extremely angry and defensive and began yelling at me and then proceeded to try and get in my face and Kevin had to hold him back and push him outside. The work they do is okay, not great, but the service has gone down the drain with the new ownership. It's a shame. I will be taking my money where I at least get treated with respect and dignity.
3	So, this business has gotten new ownership recently and its just ok. Im a bit irritated because I got my nails done not even a week ago, and theyre already chipping! And its a gel manicure too. Also, I get really annoyed being asked if I want a pedicure four times after receptively saying no. They arent rude from my experiences, but definitely not grade A service.
