4	This is a nice bar and grille much better than your regular chain restaurants.  The restaurant is seperate from the bar so it is quiet and relaxing.  The food is excellent.If you are on the west side of town check it out.  nice place.
5	The women in our development get together once a month for a night out of socializing and eating.  This month we chose The Edge of Town.  This is a new restaurant, and it was my first visit, though the group had been there right after it opened a few months ago.It was really easy to find, located in a separate building in a shopping center on Cheyenne, just off the exit ramp of the 215. The bar room has a huge, square bar, and the walls are decorated with stunning metal wall sculpture.  The lighting is perfect, and the overall atmosphere is wonderful.  There's video poker, some tables, and smoking is permitted in the bar.The dining room is completely separate, and is attractive, with comfortable booths and tables and chairs.  The menu is diverse - entrees, sandwiches, burgers, wraps.  I had a really delicious chicken on foccaccia bread, and I chose the thai-style slaw, which was available as an alternative to the fries.  The slaw was outstanding.  My friend had the same thing, but got the fries.  We shared both side dishes, so I tasted the fries, too, and they were excellent.Our group of 18 or so women started with appetizers of spinach dip, which was accompanied with small slices of very good, crusty bread.  We also had a phenomenal onion souffle, which came with homemade potato chips unlike any I've ever tasted.Another one of us had the pot roast, and loved it. Service was excellent. After dinner, some of us repaired to the bar, and spent a couple of hours indulging in conversation, good drinks, and fun.Since my husband and I usually eat dinner very late, I was thrilled to find that they're open 24 hours, including the kitchen.  I look forward to returning very soon.
3	Decent enough place, although pretty much par for the course compared to the many bar food spots around town.
3	This was a classic experience where Less Is More could have been employed to make it better.  After passing by this joint many times, my Mom and I stopped by for lunch on Sunday.I ordered the Triple Cheese Burger (Swiss, Cheddar, Provolone) with a side of Thai Slaw.  Mom ordered the Blackened Chicken Sandwich (Cajun Chicken blackened in an iron skillet, topped with onions, peppers and melted jack cheese with a cajun mayo on a ciabatta roll) with a side of Thai Slaw.Here's the breakdown....the Burger has a lot of potential.  I like to put Cole Slaw on my Burger, so I put some of the Thai Slaw on it.  It was juicy, but there was simply too much Cheese on it.  I couldn't taste the Burger and the Cheese flavors were indistinguishable.  The Thai Slaw has some serious potential too, but it was way too runny.  After the first few bites of the Slaw, the bowl was full of liquid so the rest of the Slaw was 'soupy'.....too much sauce and very, very sweet.  Also, there was a ton of Peanuts in the Slaw.  I don't know if they meant to do that, but it overwhelmed the flavor....also, I expect a Thai Slaw to have some heat in it...their version doesn't.I had 1/2 of Mom's Blackened Chicken Sandwich....again, they should employ the Less Is More Rule here.  The Sandwich was topped with a bunch of Grilled Onions, then fresh Onions....it was Onion overload!  The Chicken had a good, char-smoked flavor, but was lacking a Spicy Kick that I would expect from a Cajun flavored Chicken.Overall, it was a good experience....not great, but good.Will I return?  I probably will to try other items on the menu.
5	This place was close to where I lived before, so I used to go there for either lunch or dinner once a month. They've got pretty good food. My favorites are fish & chips and wraps. French fries are also very tasty. Always hot, crispy and well flavored.
2	I was hoping for a better experience.  Beer list is slight above average for "neighborhood" bars in Las Vegas.  Food is average:  I've had chicken wings, french toast, and chicken fried steak.  Bartenders were great, wait staff wasn't too friendly.  I might be back for a beer.  Maybe.
4	We live down the street so this has become our escape to shirk cooking and cleaning for the night.  We stopped in "just because" and have since been back multiple times. It's quiet and comfortable in the restaurant, which is completely separate from the bar. There's usually only one waitress on duty, but none have ever let us finish a drink before it's refilled.  The food is straight comfort food and we've never had a dish we didn't like.  Nothing fancy, but good, cheap and quick.
1	I haven't tried the food because to be quite honest, I ended up here looking for a happy hour. This place was horrible, it took 10 minutes for anyone to even acknowledge that we were there. They only serve bottled beer, nothing on draft.......not my kind of establishment. I can serve myself bottles at home. Needless to say, we left without ordering anything and have never been back. Very disappointing.
2	Not sure what happened...Went for a nice early Sunday breakfast and no one was there to seat us - no one eating, only 4 smoking barflies in the casino section, dark, smelly, so disappointed -- we left hungry after we finally flagged down a kitchen person who was leaving the restroom and told us that the wait staff would not be in until 7:45 am or so...? Reviews seemed so good, and we thought it was a 24 hour place --? Maybe we will try again, when the staff is present and accounted for...Still looking for one of the great diners we heard are stock and trade in LV. -- Just moved here and apparently we are looking for food in all the wrong places...
5	Macaroni and cheese with martini...a great way to end a long day. And the music in the bar area doesn't suck.
4	Had a quiet lunch there on Sunday and was in the mood for burger. I ordered the smokehouse with BBQ sauce and bacon, it tasted delicious. The server was nice and efficient. I would go there again.
4	Okay, first off I do not personally know or work for anyone associated with this bar. I do live within 5 minutes away. I have read as of 6/6/'12 all of the reviews.I have to say due to their way out west location, I understand why the restaurant section is only staffed in peak hours. It isn't a nation wide chain, that can afford to employ bored employees that stand around waiting for people who aren't coming. As far as any specials(Happy Hour/Monday night football/Ladies Night) go, this is a local's joint, people go there because it is close to home & not a PT's or a Timber's or a Station Casino. I really believe that specials would not bring in any more business for them. Of the local's bars, based on food & service, in general, I believe, Steiner's & Putter's are the best, Timber's is my standard, PT's is, in general the worst, but has the best specials. I put The Edge Of Town, ahead of Timber's. Being a 24 hour joint, like all 24 hour joints, the food quality & service is going to vary. I will say at The Edge Of Town, I have always had fast friendly service & someone has always greeted me, even if it is just a: Hey, how you guys doing? Did you need menus, I'll come right over, after I get this drink order, from the lone bartender working Graveyard. This is exactly what I want from my local bar.My take... I love their burgers & most of the other items on the menu. The service has always been better than every self-seating restaurant. Kid friendly? I have no idea? As a smoker, I have only sat in the bar section. I often wonder why people take their children to any local's joint or places that serves hard alcohol? Lack of specials? Hell, I am a local, I am not looking for the cheapest deal in town & I tip for service. If I didn't live in the area, would I drive across town to eat & drink here, honestly, no, but I wouldn't drive across town just to eat & drink at any other local's bar either. I would drive for Sushi Bomb(next door) & have a couple real drinks after dinner at The Edge Of Town. I am glad that The Edge Of Town is my neighborhood bar. In the same relative area, there are 2 Timbers & a Steiner's. I rarely get good service at any Timber's & the restaurant staff is constantly changing at Steiner's, so their service varies. The Edge Of Town is a local's bar & they treat you like a local. If you live way the F west on Cheyenne, give it a shot & tell me that I am wrong.
1	My sister, her BF, and I came here for lunch. We went to the diner area, and there was one male server and another table with only two people who were practically finished eating.I got the hamburger and it was from a frozen patty and possibly the WORST hamburger I ever had. The coleslaw was also TERRIBLE. My sister got three pieces of chicken fingers with her fries (the paprika on the fries makes them worthwhile). Her BF got the chili cheese fries which he found to be promising as well. I believe the fries are the only thing worth any time here.The server was HORRID. He ended up not filling up my water, not asking how the food was, and crippling around like a sloth. He watched TV, I had to wave him down about six times, and even got up once to get him. Lazy? Probably. Doesn't care? Most likely? Handicapped? Doubt it.
1	This place deserves no stars. Sucks and I have no idea how it's even still standing. Not many people are in the eating area usually, your waitress can be found on the bar talking with other employees while you're low on drinks or your food is in correct.
1	We visited my wife's aunt in Vegas. She insisted we go to this bar and grill for dinner. What a disappointment. 2 of us ordered the fish and chips after being assured by the server that this was "Excellent". Apparently his definition of excellent is the same as my definition of horrible. It was frozen cod in batter about 3/8 inch batter top and bottom and so hard you could use it as a sanding block. You would think that I could have let the server know, but we didn't see him until he delivered the check about 25 minutes later. I have 1 suggestion for him. It looks like you hate your job, go find one where you don't have to work with the public. Maybe he just didn't like working.My wife had the patty melt. At least that was edible, but nothing to rave about. I can easily say that I will never return to this establishment.
3	So I don't visit the bar side because I have a little one who is my side. In fact I haven't been there past 2 in the afternoon, so this may or may not help you. We go for breakfast and lunch regularly and really enjoy the food. We have tried many items and all are yummy! They have coupons in ValPak all the time, so it is pretty inexpensive as well. The service is always great and everyone is friendly when we are there.
4	Smokehouse burger is great. I asked medium I got medium well but still very good
5	This bar is THE BEST local bar in Vegas. It's slightly reminiscent of the bar from Cheers, no joke.From the very first time I went to this bar, I had a nickname given to me by the bar staff. They remember me every time I go in there whether it be after a couple of months or a couple of weeks. There isn't a single bartender that I don't like at this bar and even the owner is constantly present. I really enjoy coming here and I would suggest this bar to anyone who wants good food, friendly atmosphere, and an overall pleasant environment.
4	Not sure why the hate for this place. Dropped in this past Saturday to watch the Final Four games in the bar area. The place is clean and the service was great. Bartender took care of us while we played video poker and watched the games. We will definitely go back.
5	Great place to eat! Awesome food and the staff is just incredibly friendly!! Definitely a place I was continue to visit. Always support the small business owners... Very family friendly as well and smoke-free!! You're missing out if you haven't tried this place yet!
2	Four couples had dinner and conversation on a Saturday night before going to a show. Two of the couples were regulars and two were virgins at this local's kinda place. Suggested items were salads or burgers. Food just okay. My bleu cheese hamburger was kinda bland. Kitchen didn't have 1/2 and 1/2 for my coffee. Prices were reasonable. Smoke-free dining is separate from bar where smoking is allowed. Staff was good. But probably won't come back.
1	Don't eat here! I came with my family and had an awful experience.  I TRIED to order chicken fingers and fries at 11:15 am only to be refused service saying they don't serve lunch until noon.  I ordered French toast (which was mediocre).  When our food was finally served AN HOUR LATER (at 12:15 pm and after numerous inquiries with our server as to what was taking so long), I saw the table right next to us being served lunch.  Talk about rubbing salt in the wound.  I didn't enjoy my food and the people right next to us got the good I ACTUALLY wanted.  Upon finding out we were unhappy with the order, the manager gave us dirty looks as if WE were the problem.  Don't eat here!
4	It's been a while since my last visit to Edge of Town, so it's time for an update, mostly to counteract some of the not-so-great reviews that have been posted.  I'm happy to say that our experience was fairly positive.It was a bit later on a Tuesday night, so once again we knew we'd be closing a restaurant.  We ordered two glasses of wine to start, some white zin Koolaid (yeah, I know.  It's not wine, you snobs).  It was not a great white zin, way too flimsy.Having been shunning red meat since the horsemeat scare in Europe, from whence we'd just returned, I decided to go whole hog :) and ordered a Baja Burger.  The meat was fresh, juicy, and cooked medium, exactly the way I ordered it, and the chopped green chilis and jalapeno jack added the right kick.  It wasn't a problem to substitute mashed for the fries/chips/coleslaw option, and I was happy to taste REAL mashed potatoes with their skins that were perfectly seasoned and not oversalted.  That's a tough combination, but the kitchen nailed it.Hubby had the Cajun chicken over bowtie pasta, but instead of the cream sauce of the description he was able to get it with the house red sauce, which was thick and delicious.  The chicken was a good-sized breast and, again, well-seasoned without being overly salty.  It came with garlic bread, but instead of Italian bread it was a flat bread, and it just didn't work - way too soft.Service was excellent, and my only quibble was waiting a bit too long for our food to come.  Odd, since we were now the only diners.  But glad that the food was worth waiting for.
3	We were there at an off time, between lunch and dinner. Place to ourselves, server very attentive and helpful without being overbearing. Chicken soup was good.We all got salads, my mom got the edge salad, it looked great and she was very happy with it. My husband and I both got southwest steak salads which would have been good except the steak had a really odd texture, like it was from a package. We didn't eat the steak. I ordered a beer and the server saw it was my birthday and brought me out a bread pudding which they make in house and it was great, very rich - 3 of us shared it.
3	First time eating here. Nothing really jumped out that would make me go back.I like the split dinning room area so we didn't have to eat in a smokey environment. Ordered iced tea to drink. I prefer the brewed style and theirs tastes like the syrup soda style. Like it dispenses from the soda machine. After reading the menu I decided on the buffalo chicken sliders with the Cajun chips. I expected more out of the sliders. I ordered them hot and they were. Mini chicken breasts breaded and dipped in sauce. I was expecting pickles, lettuce, tomato or even mayo on the bun. There was nothing but the meat and the bun. So I asked for a side of ranch to moist it up some. The Cajun chips were ok. They were way over loaded in seasoning. I could pick a chip up and dump off close to a 1/2 a teaspoon of the seasoning. My guy got the meatloaf, mashed potatoes and green beans. They must have been good because he didn't share. We split their loaded Mac n cheese. Again I was expecting something better. It was a basic Mac n cheese with some cut up chicken and tomatoes. I didn't taste any of the bacon that is listed to be there. Our server Brooke was great. Very friendly and honestly answered a question letting us know she was new and would check on the answer. I can appreciate her not BS'ing her way through the menu and finding out for sure on our questions.
5	My favorite bar in ALL of Vegas.  Great atmosphere, and damn good food.  I mean EVERYTHING on the menu is delicious!  The staff is so fun, accommodating and the experience is always top notch.  Make sure you save room for dessert, a hot molten cookie with ice cream & fudge.... gooey yummy deliciousness!  Enough TV's for anyone to watch whatever you'd like.  Music is always rockin' and video poker, blackjack & Keno.  What more could you want?  They have it covered.
1	The bartender here is a real prick. He got attitude when my friend was at the bar not gambling and was asked to move. I on the other hand was dropping stacks in that machine. I gambled enough for the both of us and should not have been asked to move. BRO YOU ARE IN THE CUSTOMER SERVICE INDUSTRY - TREAT YOUR CUSTOMERS WITH RESPECT.
5	Glad I gave this place a second chance. I've tried their wings and honey chicken salad. LOVED them BOTH! I'm actually back for them. Their hot wings have a franks red hot/ Asian chili paste/ sriracha kinda flavor. Not sure what's really in their hot wings but they're damn good and they have good RANCH! Fries are great too.The honey chicken salad is great too. Bartender is always a pleasure. He really interacts with his regulars takes great care of everyone at the bar.Just wish there was no smoking in the bar. But I guess that's what the dinning side is for ;)
5	This a good place. It's since local bar with good food and super nice staff.  We have had dinner, lunch and breakfast and have enjoyed it each time. The staff is so nice and efficient. It's a great local bar and grill.
2	Eh this place is ok for takeout once in a while. Breakfast is ok eggs are the only thing they can cook consistently. Staff is usually nice but way to chatty and a bit slow
1	I go in to get my girlfriend a large bowl of chicken noodle soup and i receive the smallest cup ive ever seen in my life. Of course it wasn't opened up and presented to me while I was there... It was plastic bagged and knotted... After I get home... 45 seconds later since i live right behind the place i open it up and its not even hot. I can stick my finger inside and leave it there without even the slightest burn... I call them to ask why this wouldn't even be an appetizer for my 6 year old daughter let alone my adult GF... And he says thats the biggest size they have... This is insane! It's smaller then 1 cup. I could literally pour this tiny thing into a 1 serving size measuring cup... Kyle the bartender says basically, "next time you come in ill buy you a couple beers." Fuck that.. My girlfriend is sick, and wants a decent size BOWL OF SOUP! Never come to this place! And to top of off, i also asked for some garlic bread... Which they didnt have, but they gave me some breadsticks... And charged me a buck for each one... And this thing is smaller then an Asians dick! Wtf is this shit? I also asked for NO ONIONS on a side salad... Which by the way actually looks good... But there is onions all over it... Big nasty red onions that I'm allergic too... Thanks Kyle! Appreciate wasting 30 minutes sitting inside waiting for this mess of a dinner that your cook tried to give to me to eat at the place when you put on the ticket that its a TO GO order!
5	This review is for the restaurant portion, not the bar. My wife and I have been here a few times before. We have always had one of the different types of burgers there. This time we had the Bacon Cheeseburger, which we have had before, and beer battered fries. There is a reason why we order this, because the burger is very juice and a good size. Normally I can finish a burger in one sitting, but I have yet to finish one at Edge of Town (great for lunch for the next day!) We had Brooke as our server, very friendly and personable to us. We learned that she lives close to us, so we might even have a play date with our children in the near future. But back to the food, very generous helps, wait staff is very attentive and courteous. We ate in the restaurant portion and not the bar. Both are in separate areas and separated by doors and rooms, so thankfully none of the cigarette smell from the bar area care over. I would recommend this place to anyway looking for something casual and tasty!
5	Love this place after a long week. The bar is spotless. Staff always knows our names and drinks. Wish they had a few more menu items but will trade clean seats for that any day
4	I was in the mood for chicken noodle soup, so I decided to give this place another chance. My service was great like last time, and the food was much better. The grilled cheese on sourdough and chicken soup really hit the spot. I would have given it a full 5 stars this time, but my soup was mostly broth, not a lot of meat, veggies or noodles. A gentleman next to me ordered a burger and it looked delicious - I think we will be checking it out again to try one of those!
1	Gotta love a warm Bloody Mary, freezer burned packaged hashbrowns and packaged chicken fried steak for breakfast.
4	I really like this place. Good bar food, good video poker. They have some interesting video keno options I've not seen elsewhere. Try the macaroni and cheese it's pretty tasty. It really is on the edge of town!
