4	I'm a fan because I LOVE their simple, awesome, chic leather bags.They come in a good range of neutral and bright colours, wonderful designs, smooth leather that will soften and look beautiful over time (my sister owns a couple of bags).The only major caveat is the PRICE. Even at 50% off, you are looking well over the $100 range. Seriously!! Their gorgeous leather jacket is $750. Ouch.I find their stuff gorgeous, and if you are in the market for high-end, not-Roots-style kinds of leather bags (think Rudsak), then head here. They have a couple of locations.
4	Great structured items, but best if found on sale.  The prices are a bit staggering,even if the quality is quite good.  In addition to gorgeous leather pieces, the line also includes chic rain attire.  I picked up a machine-washable treated cotton rain jacket with a hood for 30% off... a manageable splurge for a classic and functional item.
4	Get on their mailing list and go to their bi-annual sample sales to pick up your chic, kick-ass leather jackets, messenger bags, wallets and purses.Prices are high but if you go to the sample sales, you'll save up to 70% off. I got a winter jacket which originally went for $800, I snapped it up on sale at $240. The leathers are beautiful, the style are clean and classic, yet modern at the same time. This stuff will last you a lifetime if you look after it properly so it's worth the investment since they won't go out of style anytime soon.They also have beautiful cashmere scarves, blankets and gloves. Staff are very friendly and not pretentious at all.
4	This shop has simple and unique leather goods; designed and manufactured in Montreal. It's a high-end shop but compared to the run-of-the-mill designer offerings they are a high-quality product for the money. I purchased a lovely purse; the tag was priced wrong but the clerk honored the original price, albeit awkwardly. I was surprised to find the receipt says no refunds, exchange only within 7 days, that is strict!
4	great stuff great quality the products look good and are very fashion current.I have been looking for a wallet without breaking the bank and found just the right thing from over 20 to choose from.The staff was helpful without being pushy and we shopped for a long time.Great colors and found so many things I wanted and a few that I needed.Classy and fun products and appeal.Prices for what you get are very reasonable.My wallet by the way was $75.00 . I saw one that was not as nice in a local shop for $225.00Jackets, bags and totes were stylish and well made.The web site is nice, but does not replicate the great hand to the actual product.
1	I purchased a bag from one of the Toronto stores last April. It cost 385.00. Within three months, the zipper had broken. I live in California, so called their New York store, who told me to send the bag to them, they would send it to Montreal, have it repaired, and send it back to me. So I sent it to them at my own expense. After two months, the bag came back to me. Not a thing had been done to it, it was still broken, and it was filthy. I called the New York store. They told me to send it back yet again. Since I was going to be in Montreal anyway, I said I would just bring it in. I brought it to the location on Boul. St. Laurent. Living in the U.S. I am accustomed to excellent customer service. Since the bag had already been sent back once, and not repaired, I asked the store manager if she could just give me a new bag (at this point, I had already spent a lot of time and effort on this bag.) She said she doubted it, but would make some phone calls. After several calls to headquarters, she informed me that could not be done, that the only store policy would be to give the bag back yet again, and this time, hopefully, they would repair it properly. When I asked if she could make sure it was clean upon return, she looked at me very skeptically, but said, OK. Honestly, if this had been any store in the U.S. the bag would have been exchanged for a new one, no questions asked. I have never spent so much money on a purse, and I truly regret it. I am so disappointed with the customer service. If you are ever tempted to go into one of these stores in the U.S. or Canada, please go somewhere else. You can get a nicer bag of better quality for less money, and certainly with more responsive customer service. This bag has been nothing but a huge hassle and disappointment. Also, be aware that if anything ever goes wrong with your bag, it must be shipped back to Montreal, and in my case, anyway, after two months it will come back with nothing changed. I am now waiting, yet again, for the bag to come back to me. And honestly, I am not hopeful that it will be fixed (even though the store manage promised me she would check it personally.) The bags are nice, true. But not worth the hassle or the terrible customer service (and bad quality, in my case.) After I purchased the bag, and friend in Toronto told me the company is known for bad zippers, and bad customer service. Too late for me, unfortunately.
