5	This is an amazing dog club in the middle of the city. Discovered this doggie oasis while visiting the Container Park. Cathy introduced herself and this awesome dog club through the fence and we were so impressed with both Cathy and the beautiful green lawn with happy pups of all sizes.Show up with your pup and their vaccination records. They assess the social level of your best friend for a fee. They suggest a membership level based upon your pooch's behavior and you buy a membership that suits your precious pooch.  It's a lovely place with lots of grass and some water features the dogs LOVE!Welcome to Las Vegas Hydrant Club. This world is going to the dogs....and that's a VERY GOOD thing!!!PS this is just a couple blocks east of the Container Park on the north side of Fremont. Look for the GIANT YELLOW HYDRANT on the corner.
5	Welcome to the Hydrant Club run by the most passionate dog person I've ever met, Cathy Brooks. The Hydrant Club is a private dog park & doggie day club (seriously, minus the bottle service) for well mannered pups to play and snooze while their humans are at work. There's an outdoor grassy park that is VERY clean with baby pools, plenty of shade, a cool water feature and a concrete tunnel for the pups to run through. They also have a newly renovated indoor play area for those sweltering desert days and will offer boarding in August-ish that will be staffed with an overnight pup-sitter. All dogs are screened by Cathy to make sure dogs aren't aggressive or overly dominant, so you can be assured that all "member dogs" are great playmates for your pup. I'm always nervous at public dog parks because I never know how another dog may respond, but I feel super comfortable at HC. Once approved after the screening, clients can purchase a park membership, which gives members access to the outdoor area via a key fob or they can purchase packages for daycare + park access (that's what we do).  Daycare is open during traditional business hours and staffed by people who love dogs. Clients also have access to members only social events that are dog-friendly. You get what you pay for at the Hydrant Club. I live in Summerlin, work near the strip and drive my dog to the Hydrant Club everyday because my dog absolutely loves it (and he is exhausted at night from playing all day). We are very lucky to have such a cool place for our dog to go to everyday.
5	Our puppy is a member of the Hydrant Club and does a few half-days each week. He loves it and I feel confident that each day when I drop him off, he'll have a blast, get lots of energy out, and will be well cared for. He's also better behaved around other dogs now. It's a huge benefit to the downtown area to have the large, beautiful grassy space with big trees (and a cooled indoor space for those super hot days when the pups need it). The team that works at the Hydrant Club is meticulous about keeping the grounds clean and ensures that all dogs are vaccinated and screened before being accepted. They also sell an assortment of healthy treats so you can easily pick some up when you're at the park.Cathy and her team are strict about rules and that is a huge relief because it ensures the safety of our pup. Cathy truly understands dogs and takes time to understand the unique personalities and traits of each of her members - she knows every dog by name and can tell you about the tendencies of every one of them. It's pretty amazing to see all the "kids" get dropped off each morning and be welcomed by name with such enthusiasm! What an amazing asset we now have in Downtown Vegas.
