4	This is where Cafe Romolo used to be. I originally wrote this for Romolo, but realized that it had changed names/owners(?). This is a great cafe! It's a very nice place to study. They've got free, fast WiFi; nice, quiet tunes; good tea and amazing desserts. The people working there were also super friendly. There's a pool table in the back that I may have to check out soon as well.Also, they have some live music in the evenings sometimes. It's nice as well, but a bit loud if you go there to study...
5	Cafe Matina is a wonderful place to just come by and chill or study or meet a friend.  Great pool tables in the back, and the food here is consistently tasty and fresh.Matina herself is also a gracious hostess.Spacious and airy, the huge windows affords ample opportunity for serious people watching given that it is in the heart of the Mile End.Stressed from writing your paper? Need a break? Then come here for a breather, grab a latte and take a well-deserved break. It's the perfect place for it.
3	Let's not get carried away with these reviews, OK? This isn't Sept-Iles. Rein it in a little. The coffee is passable. The sandwiches/snacks are decent and inexpensive. Staff is friendly. Beer is cold. Pool table in back makes it "A-OK." Do I hang out here? Did the desserts change my life? No. Seems home to a lot of misfits (which is a good thing as far as I'm concerned). Maybe its the decor. The big open feel and those huge windows are pretty nice. But it has all of that late-1990s / early 2000s boring modern feel that essentially strips it of any character. Rating Scale:1 Star: Avoid the town in which this place is located just to be safe.  2 Star: Risky at best. 3 Star: I'll try it again or consume here in a pinch.4 Star: I eat here regularly if financially and calorically feasible.5 Star: I'm comfortable taking other chefs here.
3	Cafe Matina is a cute little spot. The pool tables are a good touch, and it's a comfortable place to spend a few hours.The food I have experienced I found somewhat disappointing. A sandwich came with no salad or chips as accompaniment. Which is a shame.The place charges slightly more for coffee than other places nearby, and since the taste isn't all that much the only justification I can think of is the pool tables, and also as other reviewers have mentioned, the airy feeling about the place. They definitely haven't packed too much in, and the room at the back is very spacey.If you want somewhere quiet to study, this isn't a bad option (again because of the room at the back). But if you want cheap and good coffee, it doesn't stand out against competitors in the area.
5	Great ambiance,nice comfy upholstered chairs in back,to just relax and read, chat etc. Evening I was here there were some old R&B and 80's remixes playing, and so many French accents overheard, that I felt as though I were somewhere in zee France, it even has the Euro vibe.  A place I'll keep in mind for future reference.
