3	Not being a far west-sider, I start out a little annoyed that Point take so long to get to.  That aside, I love the seating and popcorn and am amused by the disheveled 16-year-olds looking for something to do on a Friday night and whatnot.  It goes without saying, however, that if you cancel my Hot Fuzz in place of Shrek on 4 theaters and Pirates in 5, I'm probably never coming back because that sucks balls.
4	This theatre is on the small side. You'll probably not get lost in there! It's a little run-down and the theatres themselves are super small. But who really cares? They have all of the hottest movies playing and isn't that why you are going anyway?An extra star for having cotton candy and plenty of parking!
3	This, I guess, is your basic theater. The average age of an employee is 17, and they don't really care about customer service(this excludes our last concession stand gal, who was nice and not at all zombie-like in her interactions, like the others). One of the recent times we were there, we were having audio issues in the theater even before the movie started, which my boyfriend went out and told someone. During the movie, the surround sound kept coming in and out, which was really distracting...but we could still hear the film, so we didn't leave). After the show, I hunted down the ONE person working who wasn't driven to work by his/her parent, and told her of the issue and she just said "Oh, she was blowing on the sound card to try to fix it...Thanks for letting us know.". That was it. No apology, no offer to give us anything to make up for the inconvenience. What ever. ALSO, what is UP with the quality of movie theater goodies these days? The popcorn is pre-popped and shoved under heat lamps, and our pretzel bites bite back because they're so hard and crusty. This is a general statement about most run of the mill cinemas, so I'm not singling out this one...but still. *Sigh*
2	Honestly, not my favorite theatre in town.  West side, uncomfy seats, surcharge for the ultra screen (same regular screen movie, projected onto a larger screen, loss of resolution.)  On the upside the early matinees for the new run shows are $5.  That's sweet.
3	Eh, run of the mill theater. Usually clean, friendly enough staff, but there's nothing special about it. Went to a matinee this afternoon, and there was a leak in the roof dripping onto the projector, so we couldn't see the movie we went for. They apologized and offered us tickets for a complimentary soda or popcorn. If you ever get this deal, opt for the popcorn - the popcorn is enough for a decent one-person snack, but the soda is smaller than the kids' size and half ice. Ten tiny sips at best. Still, I appreciate that they tried to make things a little better for a situation that wasn't their wrongdoing.
2	parking and trying to get out can be a headache in the parking garage next to the theatre. The side streets by the theatre is always jammed packed. From the past three movies I've been here, it normally isn't sold out shows. My most recent was a opening weekend movie on a sat night and it was only halfway sold out. One thing that I did enjoy which I gave the second star is that they have cotton candy.
3	Friendly and efficient staff, fast lines, properly staffed concessions, fresh popcorn... Point has a lot going for it, which is why it continues to succeed in the Netflix era and in a town with several competitive theaters. One notable drawback: I'm disappointed that the theater doesn't have recycling bins yet serves tons if concessions in recyclable materials. How hard would it be to dedicate even one bin to recycling? I hope management thinks about recycling at Point. Thanks!
4	Fun little movie theater, but hard to find! It's snuggled in what seems like a forest of the west side. Loads of parking for the size of the theater. Concessions are a little... "eh", but there is cotton candy. How could you not LOVE that? I have to note, the temperature was not freezing. Thank you! I didn't have to use my coat as a blanket. Theaters are a bit small, but on the plus side, there really isn't a bad seat.
4	The staff here is amazing and super courteous. The theatre is in the midst of a remodel and from the looks of it after the remodel is completed (projected in May 2013) it will be even more amazing!
4	Marcus Point Cinemas, you are looking good these days!Just went to my first movie there in a while, and was delighted to find the tired decor and atmosphere of the complex has been upgraded.  New lighting, paint, and flashy screens now adorn the lobby and hallways.  The concession stand was relocated and upgraded.  They are even adding a restaurant and bar inside the lobby.  The theaters got upgrades too.  Primarily in the form of new seats that don't feel the sag of a million butts.  A $5 weekday matinee isn't bad either.    I'm impressed!  This place is looking good!
4	they just got the cinema re-modeled. It is so much  nicer now with a bar,  and a longue inside. They religiously check the ticket now.
2	at first I was excited about the bar, but it might as well be run buy the NSA. I started watching a movie and the though of a cold beer sounded great. My date kept pushing me to get us a couple. so I walked all the from the ultra screen to find out I'm only allowed to take on beer WTF. Movie theater pricing and I cannot even take one to my date. I'm 42 for gods sake. Next time go to the Sundance. same price but better seats, coffee, beer, real food.
2	Point Cinema has been doing its best to lure us back out of our home theaters. Some of these endeavors have been good, some are severely lacking proper execution. And a few negative things are sort of beyond their control, although I'm not sure why any parent would think it was a good idea to take their INFANT to Captain America 2. But I digress.The IMAX screen certainly is big, but decidedly smaller than the one at Star Cinema. The seats are a massive improvement from the old style, which still haunt Market Square Cinema. The bathrooms are kept relatively clean and well-stocked. The theaters themselves are cleaned after every showing. The parking lot, however, could use some attention. For example, I've had the displeasure of walking by the same used condom on the ground of the basement level of the parking structure more than once over the past few months. The staff, on the other hand, is friendly, helpful, and very professional.One of the more annoying things that has gotten worse and worse over the years at nearly all theaters are the ads (not previews) that screen for several minutes before each movie. And half of them seem desperate to reassure you that seeing a movie in a theater is worth it! I'm already in my seat, you don't have to convince me at this point. I'd rather just get to the movie than hearing YET AGAIN about the Dolby Atmos sound system and why it is akin to the second coming of Jesus Christ. On the upside, if you're running late to a film, don't worry at ALL about getting there by the time the feature actually starts. I also don't think I have particularly sensitive ears, but good grief, the volume on some action films actually makes them painful to listen to. The selection of movies is alright, but there are next to no independent movies. Some of their oh-so-enjoyable ads keep promising that they will be bringing in independent movies in the near future, but it hasn't happened yet. As others have mentioned, Tuesdays and Thursdays are the best times to go. Tuesdays have $5 movies for everyone, and Thursdays have $5 movies for students. I believe both nights have reduced and/or free concessions, too.However, as Daniel J. mentioned, the bar is SO SLOW. They usually only have one employee, who is predictably slammed. You can only order one drink at a time, so there goes the "I'll grab seats while you get us beers" opportunity. Sundance lets me order multiple drinks at a time (imagine, someone going through TWO whole beers during a movie and not wanting to miss several minutes in the middle!), so I don't see why Point can't change this ridiculous policy. The concessions also take forever, especially the laughably-named Zaffiro's Express. The prices are all ridiculously high, as one might expect.Bottom line: it's a worthwhile trip on a Tuesday or Thursday night, when tickets are cheap. Just plan to eat and drink at home beforehand.
4	The recent rennovations have been nice, but it's taking me a little time to get used to everything.  I like going to new movies a little after they come out - like a new release on the Wednesday after the weekend it's released... I'll catch the morning showing after a quick round of golf (that's what vacation days are for, amiright?).  Sometimes I'm the only one in the place!  Of course, it's a theater, so all of the snacks and stuff are overpriced, but they are there if you have a hankerin'.  I try to avoid that stuff, but can't resist sometimes.  Doing the cheaper morning show will loosen my wallet a bit for a savory treat.The seating is comfortable and spaced out well.  I like the UltraScreen a lot, but won't go out of my way to see a movie on it - if the timing works, great.  The theater's location is great - plenty to do around it: shopping, restaurants, etc.
5	I haven't paid less than $10/movie for years, so I was pretty stoked that I could get a $5 movie ticket and a free bucket of popcorn with a student ID on a Thursday night. It's a pretty hard deal to beat, especially when the movies are pretty recent. I think I may have found my wholesome Thursday evening activity for the rest of the summer. :)
5	This theater has stepped its game up immensely. They renovated the entire building and everything looks much better, not to mention the addition of features like the new lounge/cafe. However, the most impressive element to me, and the reason I reccommend my friends and family go this theater, is the unbeatable one-two punch of the Ultrascreen theatre and the special daily deals. The Ultrascreen is the nicest movie theater I've ever been to, with its enormous screen, awesome surround sound, and big comfy red leather chairs, complete with electric footrest that can be moved up and down. They even arranged the seats so that even Gregor Clegane wearing a 10 gallon hat couldn't obscure your vision. Movies are $5 dollars all day on Tuesday, and you get a free bucket of popcorn, which is pretty spectacular in and of itself, but when you use this to see a movie in the Ultrascreen theater, its the ultimate move going experience.
3	Looking at the exterior of Marcus Theater, you would never guess that it's so nice on the inside. I recently went to the AMC Theater out in San Francisco and kept having flashback to that trip when I visited Marcus. Both were very positive. Of course, the highlight are the nice recliner seats. Very spacious and comfortable. You actually have arm room between you and the people sitting next to do. For IMAX, it definitely is  an experience to be had. Once you've seen IMAX here, it's hard to go anywhere else. I went to the Eastgate Marcus theater 2 days after my trip to Point Cinema and the experience is night and day. Since I am not a movie buff, I won't go overboard here with my review. I will just say that Marcus Point Cinema is the best movie theater in Madison and I've been to them all.
4	I saw Boyhood (it's a great movie btw) today at this theater. The 10:30 am show was $5, which is sweet, the employees we dealt with were gracious and friendly, we were in theater 12, which was small, by very comfortable seats, soft and clean. The temp in the theater was perfect. I will be a repeat customer.
4	Pro: they serve alcohol here. That puts this spot far ahead of most other cinemas playing the majority of blockbusters (ie not the Sundance)Con: The theaters (at least the one we went to) was front-audio only. No surround. Seems trivial, until you realize how used to that immersive experience you are. I mean, you spent $65 on a single ticket, it might as well be a high quality experience.Pro: I kid about the $65. Marcus actually offers reasonable pricing and discount options, like $5 Tuesdays, $5 weekday matinees, and $5 student Thursdays.Con: The auditorium seating wasn't amazing. Not bad, but nothing to brag about. It might be a little unfair to call this a con.Overall, its a great place. If you want a top-notch immersive experience for the next giant big budget "Batman vs Gozilla on a Plane full of Snakes movie", you'd probably do better spending more money elsewhere for the highest quality equipment. But for the vast majority of people and movies this place is great. Its not wallet-emptying and hey, you can have a beer (or a martini) while you watch. Isn't that nice?
4	This theatre is a bit dated, but I always have a great time catching a movie for a date night or to meet up with my girl friends. On Tuesdays, they offer $5 dollar movies and free popcorn for members - super easy to sign up. As a member you get rewards points and other perks. There's also a bar off to the side that serves delicious adult beverages. Since I'm from Texas, I also have a hard time taking to Pepsi products - first world problem I know - but Marcus point only serves Pepsi products at their self serve beverage stations.
5	I'm an AMC fan.  Why?  I have no clue so I was reluctant to switch sides and head over to Marcus Point.  What took me so long!  Full bar and some theaters with Ultrascreen DLX.  What is that you ask?  Just a huge screen, leather recliners and moveable arms you can raise to snuggle up with the person you bring.  Pretty much everything you can ask for in a movie theater.  Definitely will be coming back.
5	I really would prefer to rate the bar, Take Five. It is awesome. Great food. Great bartenders. A bartender named jeremy checked my wine glass before pouring to make sure it was clean. Don't see that too often anywhere. Then he made a great recommendation of a reasonable off-menu cocktail for my girlfriend.   Service was great.  Friendly but not over-bearing.  Bruschetta and spinach dip were way above average. Only complaint is that they need to register the bar on Yelp so I can give it high marks. Well done!
3	As a theatre, great place to see a movie. But have been concerned about the cleanliness. After movies they do clean the theatre but I've been there a few times and it hasn't been cleaned well. Bottles on the floor. Two out of five times is a concern.
