5	Gustavo did an excellent job on cleaning & repairing my carpet and rugs. i Had buckling in different areas of my carpet that he flattened by stretching, cutting and reedging. It looks Very Good now. i am very satisfied on his work in my 2750 sq ft home. I highly recommend him. He is a hard worker and appreciated my business. He was highly recommended by a neighbor of mine whom Gustavo did work for.
5	I chose them because of the deal they offered and was so happy we did. Gustavo is very friendly, professional and did an amazing Job on our carpets. Price is very adorable too. We will definitely we be using them again!
5	Well, i had an emergency due to flooding from my kitchen so Gustavo came on a holiday to help remove the water from the carpet and also remove the padding which was soaked. Then after i let it dry for several days, he returned to install new padding and re install my carpet. After all the work was done , he cleaned my carpet and my 3 rugs. Wow, just like NEW again! I definitely would recommend Gustavo for carpet and rug CARE.
5	Carpet cleaning is a service I rarely use, but one that I expect impeccable results from.  I chose care pro to clean the carpets prior to vacating our rental because of an Angie's List deal.  Gustavo fit me in on short notice, was very professional, and did an excellent job on the carpets.  The carpets in this rental were new when we moved in but looked 20 years old one year later because of their poor quality.  Gustavo warned me that they'd never look like new because of how low quality they were, so I was expecting mediocre results.  But they looked fantastic!  I was proud to turn this house over to the property managers after the cleaning!  I don't expect to need carpet cleaning any time in the near future but if I did, I'd certainly turn to Care Pro again.  Thanks Gustavo!
5	Gustavo and Eric did an amazing job cleaning our carpets! We had a red dye stain that had been there for months and they got it out! They also got out our pet stains. They were on time, quick and efficient. I will definitely use them again! Highly recommend.
5	Gustavo is the best when it comes to carpet cleaning and repair. I have been in my home for over 5 years and have had my carpets cleaned on numerous occasions using various companies. Nobody comes close to the services and prices that CARE-PRO offers. Gustavo repaired two torn pieces of carpet (due to pets) and now the carpet looks the way it did after being originally installed. Also, he cleaned the carpets throughout my entire home and they look brand new. I couldn't be more pleased with the services, professionalism, and prices. Thanks Gustavo!
5	Forget Home Depot!Gustavo and his crew installed new carpet for me at a fraction of the cost quoted by Home Depot.In his friendly and accommodating manner, and though he was booked up solid until the next week, Gustavo managed to squeeze my job into his busy schedule.The work was done quickly and the quality of the installation is perfect.The crew was courteous and friendly and I highly recommend this small family owned business.
5	Awesome job!  They were prompt and quick.  We needed our carpet stretched and cleaned and they took care of it in about 90 minutes.  Our carpet looks brand new again!  The price was good.  I will definitely be using them the next time we need our carpets cleaned.
5	Awesome job. Gustavo was professional and fast. No obnoxious upsell. Would definitely recommend this company to fellow yelpers.
5	please look no further! they are the BEST!.  good people, honest, best price ever!, no tricks or gimmicks, and our carpet is 9 years old and when they were done it looked brand new!!!! we called them on a short notice and they came out on the same day. amazing!!!!!!!!!!
5	When it comes to pricing, you get what you pay for. Gustavo repaired a section of my carpet in no time and squeezed me in even though I was completely across town for him. Still, his pricing was less than Home Depot, among other independent carpenters I checked with. He was quick and knowledgable. Additionally, he was pleasant to chat with, very personable and accommodating (he's returning to clean the carpet Thursday).
5	Gustavo is AWESOME!!!  Since Carpet Monkeys had so many positive reviews, I originally called them for my carpet repair needs.  But after FOUR MONTHS of being forgotten about and cancelled on and rescheduled, I called Care-Pro Carpet Cleaning and Repair.  Gustavo came out the same day to give me a quote and had my carpet repaired and looking FABULOUS the very next day!!  Besides the fact that Gustavo is great at what he does, he's very friendly, courteous, professional, punctual and fairly priced!  HIGHLY HIGHLY recommended!!  I'll definitely be calling him back!!  Thanks a ton Gustavo!!!
5	Gustavo and his crew are the best.  A month ago, they cleaned all of the carpet in our 3,000 square foot house like it was brand new.  And we have kids who are constantly tracking in dirt and running around in their shoes.  Aside from the amazing convenience of getting to our house within a couple of days of the initial phone call, they were also polite, nice, and knowledgeable.  Then, over the weekend, my two year old spilled a whole bottle of orange Gatorade all over  my favorite wool area rug.  I called Gustavo as soon as I could.  Today, he came to our house and spent over an hour spot cleaning the orange stains with a hot iron.  Then, he steam cleaned the entire 8 x 10 rug for good measure.  I never thought those orange stains would come out.  Now, my expensive, prized rug looks brand new; not one trace of Gatorade.I will be calling Care-Pro every 4 months now to clean my carpets.  Gustavo does an outstanding job and he is so pleasant to work with.  Not only that, the price is reasonable.
5	Gustavo and his helper were FAST and fixed everything!  Carpet holes, stretching, stains....gone.  Seriously, I couldn't believe how good the carpet looked when they were finished.  Used them twice in just a couple of months.  The carpet looks new and smells great.
5	Eduardo and Gusstavo are really helpful! I have destroyed my friend's carpet with juice and was trying to clean it with bleach but it makes the situation even worse! Carepro saved my life by replacing a small piece into that area! And they even make that done within one hour! Unbelievable !! Definitely the best choice in town!! Other carpet cleaning even don't know how to do it!!
5	My friend visited my home and poured the red blue berry juice on the carpet of our brand new housing. I could not help crying when I saw that. My silly husband was trying to clean it with bleach. The result you can tell. It is a hot mess. He made the thing even worse. I was very frustrated. Since it is our brand new house!!! Brand new! I even want to replace the whole flooring system upstairs, since I am picky person who always chases the perfect. When I don't know what to do, my friend suggest me to try CARE PRO CARPET CARE. After I called them, they came to fix it right away, even in Memorial Holiday!  When they come, they thought the best way is to cut out the piece and replace it with extra carpet. However, they do not think my existing extra carpet is clean enough, they concerned the result might not be perfect. So they suggest take a piece from the closet of the guest room and put the extra one back to the closet. Obviousely, this approach will make their work load doubled, how even, they put the perfect at the first priority. they do not care about the extra work.  In 20mins, it is done!!! It is sooooooooooooooo amazing and magic. I even cannot tell anything happened there before. After this happy experience, I will recommend them to all of my friends and family. CARE PRO CARPET CARE IS THE BEST ANDGustavo and his friend are  AWESOME. THANKS FOR YOU GUY'S GREAT HELP.
5	I hired carepro to clean the carpets in the house I had rented for the past 2 years.  I had numerous stains from 2 dogs and 2 little kids and carepro did a beautiful job cleaning everything!  And they were on-time too!  I will definitely hire them in the future- they were very reasonable and did not charge more than they quoted originally.
5	Our carpet was disgusting.... CarePro to the rescue. Gustavo and Ed completely renewed our carpet that had been destroyed by family, their friends, and our two family dogs. The guys were fast and courteous. You will be served well to choose CarePro!
5	I am so impressed by the prompt, thorough job Eddie and Gustavo did.  My apartment carpet was looking a little worse for wear (keep hoping the property will replace it!) but these guys made it look as great as it did when I moved in.  Gustavo is the owner operator of the business and you can see the dedication he has to making the customers happy. Their rates are very reasonable.
5	Couldn't be any more satisfy with Gustavo's work. Same day service. He repaired my carpet at a reasonable price and quick. Thanks!!!!
5	No need to look anywhere else. Gustavo and his company are The best! On time, nice and my house looks amazing. Carpets and upholstery, he does it all! Great work and professional, what more do you want? Call Gustavo now!!
5	I do not often write reviews but I have to agree with everyone on yelp.  They are definitely the best!  I found Gustavo on yelp and he came to the rescue!  We had flooded our tub and the water went into the carpets, which we tried as best we could to get the water out with towels.  At the end of the day, it was still wet and the next day, there started to have an odor.  Another carpet company recommended replacement, but Gustavo came, took it out, dried out the padding and replaced the carpet and cleaned it, leaving it looking like new!!!! You will not regret calling Carepro for all your carpet needs!!!!
5	I am very happy I called Care Pro. They were on time and did a great job! Their prices are also affordable. I will be using them in the future.
5	They did a wonderful job. I had red and blue stains that a previous carpet cleaning company was unable to remove and they were able to remove them all. The carpet looks better than it did when I originally moved in and it only took them 2hrs for the whole house. Also the price was fair. I would definitely recommend them to my friends and use them again.
5	Gustavo was prompt, polite, and extremely professional! He did an amazing job cleaning the carpets at our new house. He also cleaned our counters and grout and it looks brand new! I would absolutely recommend him!
5	Ooooh my carpet looks so gorgeous. Big props to Nacho and Christian. They came and busted did their work. Super professional. They're very affordable. My carpet was cleaned and stretched. Would absolutely 100% recommend them. They even got here earlier than they said they would. They made me want to keep my carpet now!!!
5	Gustavo and his team did an awesome carpet repair. Looks brand new. I Highly recommend care-pro and will use them again for a cleaning! Great job! Thank you :)
5	I had dog damages on my carpet and now I have clean carpet floor. Very good company!!
5	Just had Gustavo over to repair some carpet. It blends very well. He was in and out in no time and the cost wasn't horrible. We already have a carpet cleaning with him set and can't want to see how great our carpets look.
5	Great carpet cleaning!  Showed up on time and got my carpet cleaned quickly and got out my dog's 'oops' spots as well! very nice and professional service at a reasonable price!
5	Highly recommend! We have white carpets and with two dogs and a nine year old son, my carpets needed some love.  My husband and I were even considering replacing the carpet. So glad I called Care-Pro first! I am unbelievably happy with their work. I have like new carpets. My gorgeous white carpets have been brought back to life. Even the dingiest most high traffic areas look brand new. Quality work! Friendly employees!
5	Highly RecommendedDid an awesome job patching up the carpet in my room! Can't even notice it! Showed up early too even though I called last minute!  Great service and I am very impressed.
5	These guys deserve every star. They arrived on time, gave me a fair price, and finished the job on time. Can't ask for anything more! I will definitely use them in the future and have no problem recommending them. If you are looking for carpet cleaning and or carpet repair, call them first. I believe they also do tile work, but I only had them clean and repair one of my rental properties and they did a professional job.
5	I had them deep clean my carpet and repair where my dog had tore up the rug in two places. They were on time,  very affordable and my carpet was cleaned and repaired in a little over an hour. My apartment smells great and the carpet looks like new. Would defiantly recommend them for your next carpet cleaning :)
5	Amazing, guys who care as much about your carpet as you do, and they take great pride in seeing that you are happy with their work. Gustavo went the extra mile and took the time to see that everything was great. We are never calling anyone else. What a great group of guys. Thank you, Gustavo!
5	An amazing job by an owner and a team that really care.  I had multiple services (carpet cleaning, general housecleaning, and others) performed; they excelled at all of them.  Very easy to work with, sending pictures via phone/message to get an initial analysis done, and updates via text throughout the day.They don't regularly offer housecleaning, but it was so great having one team take care of it all; and they did a better job cleaning that was done when I moved in!Overall, they treat the job being done as if it was on their own house.  You couldn't ask for more attention to detail without any prompting beforehand (I wasn't even available to let them in, and didn't meet until the work was done!).I can easily see this company becoming a very strong entity in the coming years as it continues to grow.  The owner knows the business and how to run it both internally and with clients very well!
5	I am pleasantly and incredibly surprised.  My wife and I recently moved into a new home that needed the upstairs carpet replaced and our old home's carpet needed repair and cleaning.  Gustavo was so nice and understanding.  He worked with it timeline and got us a great deal on the carpet. Our carpet looks amazing and our old home looks pristine thanks to the capable hands of Gustavo and his team.  Great price and performance that exceeded all my expectations. Thank you for making a difficult situation seem seamless!
5	These guys are the best!  Great job on my tile grout and rugs and carpet.  The guys were professional and courteous.  They went out of their way to make sure all needs were addressed!  We won't be going anywhere else for our floor cleaning.  Thank you so much Gustavo!
5	Bought a new Condo and needed carpet cleaning done. Called Gustavo and set up an appointment.  The guys were late,  but the service was once again outstanding.  These guys truly go above and beyond and the price is very reasonable.  I used them for another house last month and quite honestly I am going to call them for all my carpet cleaning needs going forward.  I highly recommend this company.
5	We were looking for a company who could clean tile and carpet for us.  After seeing the great reviews on yelp, we looked at Care Pro's website.  I was impressed with the Pet  Odor section as we had an elderly cat who had issues in our dining room.  We called Gustavo who set up an appt and we were very please with the quote and their knowledge.When his team came back for the cleaning, they realized our dining carpet could not be salvaged.  They removed the carpet/padding and cleaned the area thoroughly (and hauled away the disgusting carpet/pad).  Finally, this room smelled fresh without me masking the scent with cleaners.  A bit of a panic for me with only concrete in our dining room, Gustavo referred us to a carpet shop.  Their prices were great too!  One day after selecting our carpet, it was installed and our house back to better than normal.  Not many reviews mention the tile cleaning but they did an excellent job on the tile and moved all our large pieces of furniture.  I had not realized how dirty the grout was until we had it cleaned.I highly recommend Care Pro for their great and personalized service and for a job well done!
5	I can't say enough about Gustavo! Our carpet was filthy. Completely black.  I was referred to a carpet guy who have me a $500 estimate to replace the carpet after saying that it was not salvageable. Luckily, I called Carpet Care Pro. Gustavo arrived on time and said that he could clean the carpet and remove the stains for $150. Needless to say, I was skeptical, but Gustavo delivered. The carpet came out completely clean. Good as new. What a great company!!
5	Another house and once again evicted a tenant who left the carpet in a bad shape.  I immediately called Gustavo because I have had really good experience in the past. The guys did not disappointed.  They were punctual,  gave me a fair estimate,  and did a remarkable job.  These guys are for real.  I own and rent out several properties and this is my third time using this company in the last couple of months. I have no problem recommending them and will use them again in the future.
5	Just got my carpet cleaned by care pro and it is awesome! Result is better than expectation. Gustavo is the best and an expert in his field!
5	We've used these guys twice & have been blown away by the awesome job they do, the customer service, professionalism & the price is unbeatable! HIGHLY recommend!!
5	The best carpet cleaning service I have ever used! Extremely professional and affordable with amazing results. Gustavo and his team continue to amaze me. Highly recommend them to anyone looking to get their carpets and stairs done.
