5	I've been waiting for this place to open for a while now. It seems many others were too, with over 3000 likes on Facebook before their soft opening.Okay, number one important item for a brewery is the BEER. Day one started with three very tasty beers (American Red Ale, Estrella Pale Ale and an amazing session beer @ 3.7% ABV,) on day two, they added an excellent IPA. Yup, this place is so good I went their two days in a row. And yeah, I said an excellent session @ 3.7%. How they got this much flavor at this AVB, I've no clue. So BEERs = 4.9 stars, and this is only the first batch. Not sure what to expect when they really get to know their brew system. 4.9 was only because their were no guest taps and with the limited handles they have, they may never add (I don't know, gonna have to ask) But their beers are so good, I almost don't care.  Next for me is cleanliness, this place is spotless, granted it is new, Boom 5.0 Stars. Service, oh so many people fail here, not these guys. Plenty of staff on hand to deal with the crowds 4.8 stars. Decor, this place is ultra comfortable. I honestly thought with 3 bearded outdoorsmen opening a brewery it was going to look like the moose lodge or the Bass Pro Shop, but no... elegant pictures surround you as you enjoy your beer in comfortable seating with soft lighting showcasing the gorgeous wilderness landscape photos. The colors scheme complements every aspect of the place and is easy on the eyes. A variety of seating arrangements and selection are available for patrons to enjoy. Ambience 5 stars and bonus .5 stars.  The food does not start until their grand opening on Sept 2nd ,2013, and they already have many things staged including the menu and condiment baskets waiting to be filled. I'll update my review during the first week in Sept. CHEERS!
5	As Gilbert's first brewery, AZW is the newest addition to the Arizona craft-beer scene, and this one immediately finds itself in the top tier.The Little Guy Rye is the most flavorful 3.7% beer you've ever tasted. The Refuge IPA competes with some of the best IPAs I've had, and the Estrella Pale Ale and Red Rock Secret are damn good too. The chalk board shows a Superstition Coffee Stout in the fermenter along with the Bear Wallow Berliner Weiss. Hopefully they'll be ready in time for the official opening party on Sept. 2!So what's with those names? With the exception of Little Guy, the beers are named after actual wilderness areas across the state. Creative touch.For now, they are only serving beer. Until the kitchen opens there are some bar snacks and apparently food trucks scheduled to visit. I'm anxiously waiting to see what comes out of the kitchen when they get that going.The place is a good size, not too big and not too small. There's plenty of room to move around. The decor features dark wood and nature photography. There is a self-service water station and a campfire corner with a few leather chairs. One corner features the stainless steel fermenter tanks, and there are oak barrels and bags of grain and hops stacked around as well. For now it's all indoor seating, but there are plans to add patio seating down the road. Which is fine right now because it's too hot to be outside anyway!Jon and Patrick do all the brewing and you can find one or both of them there pretty much any time. If it's not too busy, both will be happy to talk to you about the beers on tap, and anything in the works.In addition to their staples, it sounds like the plan will include a regular rotation of seasonal selections. A good reason to make it a regular stop places to be.For now you are your own entertainment, with just one TV over the bar. So bring your friends and a board game or deck of cards if you want to make a day of it! Despite being in Gilbert, it is really close to Tempe, Chandler, and Mesa, just a mile and a half south of the 60 on Country Club.Five stars for the soft open. Will reevaluate in a month or so once they settle into a more normal operation with a full kitchen.
5	I've already been here twice and headed back for a 3rd time and they have only been open (softly) for 5 days, thats how much I love this place. If you are into craft beer and want to experience something new and upcoming, please check them out! As others mentioned, this is Gilberts first and only brewery. My favorite so far is the Berliner Weiss.
5	This is a really great place to hang out and let your day's worries and stresses fade away.  Great beer, great crowd, great staff and a great vibe!
5	Well folks, I've been waiting for this brewery to open for quite some time. And WOW have they done it. From the wonderfully AZ wilderness inspired decor, to a friendly staff and then the beer. And oh is the beer ever good. Starting today their hours will be 11am-midnight 7 days a week. Head over and enjoy a beer and some good conversation. What an awesome place. Cheers!
5	The beards have done it! This place is a cozy as a cabin, clean as an operating room, and as busy as the grocery store the day before thanksgiving!There are about 5 craft beers on tap right now, giving plenty of options to find your favorite. Do yourself a favor, grab a sampler, a bite to eat and take your time picking a favorite. The food menu is short with just the essentials right now, but has intention to grow. The Belgium fries cooked in duck fat w/rosemary are decadent. The burger made with 70% brisket is juicy, flavorful and perfect. The house-made BBQ sauce infused with Red Rock Secret Ale is a tasty addition. So happy to have this in my 'hood and will certainly be a regular. Get your growlers ready, Gilbert!!
5	You can tell that these guys love brewing. Great beer, really good food and spectacular service. We appreciated the explanation/description of each of the beers. The sampler is a great way to go to get a taste of each. Very competitive pricing.There will be many return visits!
2	A few coworkers got there on a Friday afternoon to check this place out. We each ordered $2 samples and duck fat fries... honestly these were not that good. With such good reviews, we were shocked! Soon things got a bit busy and... NOISY!!!! Man this place drove us crazy. Not that it was jammed packed or anything like that, but just the noise level was beyond insane. Perhaps because of the bare walls, windows, cement floor and the flat cealing. Anyway, the reason we went there was for the liquids.... so all of us religiously tasted each and every beer they had to offer. One in particular was honestly undrinkable. OWNER: please offer free, tiny samples... All the other offerings tasted pretty much the same: abrupt punch, spicy melange with a strong and persistent immature after taste. We all agreed to wait a few months before visiting again. Primarily middle aged crowd with some younger, TGIF folks from the local businesses. Not a place to relax and taste good beer with your date or your important business partner from Europe.... Then again, this isn't Scottsdale...
5	So I've been here twice already and it's only been open for a week! Hubby and I attended the grand opening and literally couldn't stop talking about the beers and burgers all week.It's pretty much seat yourself from what I can tell. But they manage to notice us and get to us quickly. Customer service is super friendly and attentive.Opening night we ordered the 70/30 brisket burger and it came with home fries. This time it came with rosemary chips. Real cut potatoes. They were excellent! Both times the burgers have been cooked perfectly. Soft and juicy and a little pink...SO good. We have no problem ditching our plant based diet for THIS burger. So this is a brewery so it's really about the beer right? I'm not a beer expert or hardly even a beer drinker honestly, and the BWBW made me wish I had bought a growler so I could drink it every night. It's probably the best wheat beer ever. They had a few ales and IPAs that were quite good as well.They said next week they will have their Superstition Coffee stout ready!!! Omg...I'm definitely bringing my growler for that. I love Superstition Coffee (no really read my review).Yeah, I'll be back :) Well done!
2	I had high expectations after reading the first few glowing reviews.I liked... The service:They were friendly, attentive & knowledgeable, taking the time to tell us a little about each of their beers.The atmosphere: very comfortable, good music.I didn't like the...The beer:I prefer hoppy beer, which they had none so we tried tasters of what they did have.  They we're all just OK - the coffee stout was way too java, the bitter beer tasted more like a sour lemonade than beer.  They didn't list any guest beers.  If you can't keep your own beers in stock - you have to offer alternatives to keep us hop-heads happy. The food:A very limited menu with several items "not available" that day.  I had a spring mix salad and wings, both were unremarkable.We left hungry & thirsty.
4	I loved the limited menu in which everything was excellent--burgers, wings, and fruit salad.  Add some really good fish and chips, maybe a Guiness pot pie, and a couple more appetizers (Irish egg rolls?) and the menu will be perfect.The true test for me regarding the beers was the IPA.  The IPA made the back of my tongue stand up and sing Handel's Messiah, so I was very happy.  The coffee stout was interesting, but I can't believe there's anyone out there who would find the Berliner Wheat Beer even drinkable.  Drop the Berliner and add a good Pilsner and you'll have a very nice selection of beer and food.  Combine that with the comfortable atmosphere, good music, and great service and you've got a real winner.  Regardless, I'll be coming back repeatedly.To the person who made the comment that this is not Scottsdale, most of us are very glad of that.
5	AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME. A Friend of mine started working here and said it was good...... what an understatement. If you are a fan of supporting local business at it's roots and getting the best possible product than AZ Wilderness is your place. The beer will blow you away. Better craft brews than San Tan or Four Peaks. The ambiance may not compare but boy does the beer stack up.  There slogan should be "Like beer? Go here."
4	I'm excited for these guys. Visited for the first time earlier this week and was pleasantly surprised by everything: my IPA was hoppy, crisp, and clean; burgers were delicious and cooked to order; decor is far better than I expected; and the staff was friendly and very knowledgeable.The food menu could use a little beefing up but I expect they'll grow it over time.I'm ready to come back!
5	Great brisket burger.  I think it was actually one of the best burgers I have had in a long time.  Your choice of brioche bun or pretzel bun. Great service from Meghann. Out of towners who look for microbreweries.  Fantastic,  especially since they haven't been open too long.  We will be back  for their lunch special before we go home.
1	Mediocre beer at best. I was disgusted to see one of the owners with dip in his mouth while working behind the bar. Jon Taffer may have to rescue this place in the near future.
4	Four stars for the beer, the rest was eh.It was crowded, we could not sit as there was a table of kids playing uno and many other children, in this bar. The food went on tasted as they lack many veg options other than fries. The beer it self, good flavors for the ones we tries, carbonation was just right and the sugars were well balanced with the hopps.
5	i love your beer!
1	We stopped in last night about 6ish to grab a bite and a beer.  I've been here before but just for the beer; which I enjoy.  However, last night we walked in and sat at the counter facing the bar and we waited and we waited and we waited and we waited for someone, anyone to come up and take our order.  We sat there for 8 minutes and NO ONE approached us.  it was not busy in there at that time, in fact there were several open tables and still 5 or 6 open seats at the counter and 5-6 open seats at the bar.  One of the owners was talking to one of the servers, the bartenders were chatting with the guests at the bar (I'm sure they could see us sitting there right in front of them).  We were VERY disappointed, so we left.  We really do enjoy the beer and we hoped to make this a usual spot for us to go.  But NO SERVICE after waiting 8 minutes on a Sunday night when it's not busy??!!!  Really?  I'm not sure we will be back.  BEER = LOVE,  SERVICE = SUCKS
5	Great food, service, and atmosphere! The staff loves kids! I recommend the chicken burger on pretzel bun and the beer-b-que wings!
5	Excellent beer, great burgers, and a fantastically friendly staff. If you're in Gilbert and want a great mini brewery and food experience, this is the place to go.
3	Went to Wilderness for the first time to try out the beers and was definitely not disappointed. They have a unique selection of beers, focusing more on hoppier and blended styles. For example, they have two styles of rye beer, a "red special" which is a fuller bodied red ale, a saison, an "unconventional stout" and two types of pale ale. My personal favorite was the Petroff Pale Ale; being one of the fullest flavored pae ales I've. ever tried. The red special and saison are definitely worth trying too. The atmosphere is very laid back, possibly too laid back tho as the staff seemed just a little too chill. We didnt really try the food except the pretzels which were great but the beer cheese was too bland and didn't work well in my opinion. I would definitely go back for the beers but not quite a regular hangout for me.
2	I grew up in the area and was pretty excited to see a small brewery where godfathers pizza used to be! I appreciated the atmosphere, its dark and fairly cozy but something was missing. I realized after waiting over 30 min from sitting at a table to having a beer in my hand that the service was missing. The stout was tasty but nothing overly enchanting, I've had far better but also much worse. After finishing my beer I knew it would be too long before I got another so I decided to just call it a night. It also seemed like there was only one waitress which is a poor decision during a Monday night football game. My friends enjoyed their burgers so at least I have something to look forward to next time as well as their mango IPA. I'm not sure if the waitress charged me correctly but $4.85 for a pint during happy hour seemed slightly too high for a beer that is just meh. I also noticed that 6 wings were $7.95? Im not a cheap bastard I guess I just dont see the justification. I do realize this is a brand new brewery and I really hope this place finds success and can pick up the slack a bit because four peaks and San tan are already well established.
5	Ok so they've been open for a while now. The menu is slowly expanding but I thought I would add some comments about the food. Wow. Not typical pub food. They have a quality menu! Everything is fresh. They don't even have a freezer in the building!The burgers compete with the best burgers at any specialty burger joint. Delicious beef blend is my favorite but the chicken burger is surprisingly good and the black bean burger is an excellent option for those wanting to pretend its more healthy!House made chips are a great side, but no match for the duck fat fries! The only problem is they're so rich you really can't eat a whole basket by yourself! I'm not a dessert guy but the connoli nachos are out of this world. Again, so rich you have to share!The wings are non-traditional drumsticks that are huge meat lollipops. There's only 6 but there's a ton of meat on these babies and both sauce options, BBQ, and a sweet and spicy are outstanding. I think a brew pub has to have both good beer (duh!) AND good food -- and AZW delivers strong in both categories!
4	I returned on a normal day, and behold a table and service!The beer again was great, I had a stout and it was all a stout should be, very balanced. The food at least my veggie burger was not the best, dry and low on flavor a real carb bomb. Come in enjoy the bearded men they don't bite and drink the beer, as for eating I would go elsewhere.
2	Returned 3 days ago - almost still the same. This time we were there with colleagues from Europe who have extensive beer tasting experience (unlike me). They were not impressed with the beer offerings but understood the limited experience of the brewery and it's staff. The duck fat fries were still cold and tasteless. The technique is simple: Blanche and put aside. Deep fry only when orders come in. Serve hot. Add a little salt. Serve hot. Did we say: serve HOT?Service was better than our first visit since this was on a Tuesday evening so there were fewer people. Very attentive and efficient server. Offered free samples which was one of my previous complaint. Around 7:30 PM the noise level started to rise. At that point, we had to scream at each other, which in turn, caused others around us to raise their voices even more. The place just became intolerably noisy and we left.We'll give them another month or two.
5	Been back around 7 or 8 times since the grand opening. The beers just keep getting better and better. Big guy Rye is amazing upgrade to the little guy Rye. The Bear wallow Berliner weisse is also an amazing beer. Nobody else brews a beer like it in the valley.  The enkel is one of my new favorite beers and I cannot get enough of it. They will be tapping their Pecan pie porter on Halloween day.  This is a very highly anticipated beer they will be releasing. I don't think it will last more than a week. If you read this review prior to Halloween be sure to get here to try out this upcoming amazing beer.
5	If you are looking for something different. Not your typical same ol' same ol' brewery, this is your place! They are unconventional yet very traditional when it comes to recipes and styles. They change out beers all the time trying new things. I've not had a beer I don't like and I've tried them all! If you don't know, get the sample tray! If you are worried that their beer isn't hoppy enough for you, I know one of the owners, they have hundreds of recipes they are planning to roll out over the next year. So if you haven't found your favorite, be patient! The food menu is simple and the food is good. The staff is friendly and very knowledgeable  about beers as most, if not all came from other brew houses. Lastly I will say that this last time I was here, mid day on a Saturday, packed! Not and empty table! The only negative would be that I think they need more table servers.
3	It was OK not to excited about it..The beer needs to be colder and service needs some work
2	Came here on a Saturday after I had contacted them through facebook to see if they were kid friendly...they aren't.There's 1 high chair, no kid menu. Checked out their menu, there wasn't anything on there that I could even make a meal out of for my son. and get this, the waitress suggested fruit and fries as dinner options for my son. Really? No, thanks. We ordered the street tacos, everything in it was cold. Good for groups, couples and happy hour. families with kids avoid coming here. They don't have a sign up yet and it was a tad bit hard to find, the apartments behind them were shady too. We won't be back, I'd rather drive to Phoenix and eat/drink at Ohso.
2	Good beer. Average food. Horrible service. Ownership seems uninterested in overall experience.
5	A fantastic place with the best beer in the east valley
3	Nice atmosphere, friendly service, but a bit disappointed they had run out of their stout. The IPA was good however and my wife enjoyed her Pecan Pie Brown. Tried an order of their soft pretzel sticks. Way too bready and over priced for the 3 pieces you get. We will definitely go back next time we are in Gilbert however to try the stout and maybe a different appetizer or an entree.
2	The beer is alright, the food is mediocre. Lots of kinks to work out in their first two months of being open. Hopefully time will help them perfect the good thing they have started.
3	I am being generous with a three.the place has the typical industrial atmosphere that I am sure get annoyingly loud if it is busy.the staff was attentive but not very friendly (no chit chat).the beer is ok but a little on the flat side.the menu is compact and looks good.I had the chicken sandwich with rosemary and thyme.  the chicken was cooked well but the rosemary flavor was a little strong.  even with the herb flavor the patty tasted a little bland until I added salt then it came to life a bit.my friend had the brisket burger which he said was also lacking (he didn't add any seasoning).the fries are fresh cut freit style.  they aren't crispy but are not greasy either.  they were also lacking salt.  the place is out of the way for me and there isn't much else around it so I doubt I will be back.
1	First and last time I will ever come to this place! I was completely ignored by the waiter presumably because he thought I was under 21
4	Coffee stout here is my favorite, already filled growler 3 times in 2 weeks. Duck fat fries with rosemary and thyme, amazing. Staff is friendly, accommodating and passionate about the product. Took my niece and nephew here and enjoyed a drink together. My husband and nephew are fellow beards and felt at home in the wilderness.
5	Are you a fan of craft beer?  Well you found probably the most interesting craft beer being made commercially in Chandler at the moment.  These guys aren't shy about changing it up on a weekly basis. The guys at Wilderness are true believers in session beers.  Little Guy Rye is a fantastically tasty, full flavored, low ABV beer hoving in the 3-4% range.  The berliner weisse is similarly low octane.  There's plenty of other things to choose from as well - nitro coffee stout, a Belgian dubbel, a lovely saison, IPA, pale ale, the appropriately named Big Guy Rye, etc.  Best part is their system is relatively small at 7 bbls, so these beers can go quickly at times.  New styles always seem to be in the fermenters and only a week or two away.  If you like varied beer styles that change regularly, definitely give these guys a shot. The menu at AZ Wilderness is small.  However, what they do offer they do very very well.  I mean who does sous-vide frenched wings at a bar?  These guys do, that's who!  Literally melt-in-your-mouth, fall-off-the-bone tender chicken.  Absolutely fantastic.   The burger and chicken sandwich are both solid and the pretzel bun offering adds a bit of chewy texture that is nice.   They also now offer cannoli nachos for dessert that are amazing.  Highly recommend those with the nitro coffee stout as a great way to end the evening.
5	Dude. I am so happy. You know how sometimes, you go to a place for the first time and expect the visit to be nothing but great? Well, so far I have received nothing but THAT!  AND they play hip hop:) NOT RAP---hip hop. There is a difference. Brewing all of their beers here, and when they run out--- THEY MAKE SOMETHING NEW. Certainly a refreshing experience and I will be back.
5	If you like fresh beer, this is the spot. Great beers, food and service.
3	The good: The beer is about as delicious as it gets. Coffee Stout, you stole my heart. And the beer-laced Thousand Island salad dressing is out of this world. Give this to anyone who won't eat their greens and I guarantee they'll convert to "rabbit food" in no time.The bad: Even though we went at an off time (about 4 p.m. Sunday) and the place was nearly empty, we waited a looooonnnnggg time for the food, and then, the salad, burger, sandwich and fries all came out all at once. The waiter - who was totally on the mark on his beer knowledge - was not so on top of the basics. It obviously didn't register to him that we might have wanted the salad FIRST, you know, like they do it everywhere else in this country. But I gave a pass because the dressing had me smitten. But the pulled pork sandwich was bland and the fries were badly overcooked.And plastic utensils? Really? You pay attention to the super spiffy beer glasses and have the nerve to give us bendy, cheap, not-even-compostable plastic forks and knives? If this were in a real food city, you'd have hairy-armpit protesters marching outside calling for your head on one of those chintzy paper-lined baskets.The so-so: The ambiance needs polishing. Looks dull and dated from the get-go. The 1980s called and wants their forest-green tiled tables back. And they really need to crack the whip in the kitchen. If you're going to rely on such a limited menu, the burger should kick ass, but it was just OK. Well, really, all the food should measure up to the extraordinary beer. And it doesn't. Too bad.
4	This new brewery really has promise.The staff was great and really friendly.We sampled all six beers. I like the concept of each beer being named after a wilderness area in Arizona.High marks for their IPA. I'm not usually a fan of the hops but this was really balanced and drinkable.All of their beers had little quirks but I definitely like where they are going and what they are trying to do.We only tried the duck far fries. They were good but not super hot. Makes me think they were not made just for us but sat under a lamp for a few minutes.The inside area was pretty noisy, even though it wasn't that full.I'd definitely return to try their beers as they move forward.
3	Love the location.  Gilbert needs this.  Like the atmosphere.  Staff is friendly.  Love the variety of beer and the brewer's willingness to make different beers than just standard IPA, Amber, etc (Though they still have those).  For example, the first Saison was delicious!However, my "complaints" would be that while all their beers are good and I have enjoyed trying each of them, none have stood out to me as excellent or provided me with that wow factor.    Also, I know they are probably brewing smaller batches of beer than some of the other breweries here in AZ but I find it somewhat strange that they don't have a consistent rotation of beers that I could count on getting  every single time in addition to some seasonal or special brews..  For example, their BWBW or Little Guy Rye I would think is available at all times.  But its not.  Anyway, AZWB Co. is a welcome addition to  the craft brew scene and especially to Gilbert.  I have not tried any of the food yet but it looks and smells good.
4	Stellar saison, cool atmosphere. Very knowledgable staff. Hope these guys start distributing soon since this is unfortunately not anywhere near my neighborhood.
5	4 words: Momma Ware's Artichoke DipJust order it. You won't be sorry.AND all their beer is delicious!!
5	The service excellent, food even better and don't get me started on the beer. Was a little upset that the Berliner Weisse was not available but now I am just nit picking. Saison was very good and so was the Bierre de Wassail. Go right now!!!
4	It's not often that I find a new beer that I truly love. We stopped in for a drink a few weeks ago and I found 3! I can't even remember what they were, but they were fantastic. Apparently they brew new beers all the time. I love that!We will definitely be back soon.
5	This is an excellent new brewery in town, and recently has won multiple awards stating that same fact. This one is only about 3 miles from my home. They have good food and great beer. I have tried every beer they have and I have not discovered one that I did not like. The parking lot is ample and the staff is friendly. A lot of tables inside, a good size bar, an island in the idle, and a very nice patio. If you want a good beer, and to support a local brewery, give this a try.
5	This is a great local bar and grill. To begin with it has great service, and with the happy environment and the music it is very hard to be down in the dumps. The food was top notch. Got my order correct, and even though they didn't carry root beer... 5 Stars.
5	I'm excited to have the craft beer movement erupt in the Phoenix East Valley. Gilbert's Arizona Wilderness Brewing Company is one of the pioneers spearheading this effort, and East Valley residents (like myself) have been eagerly following their progress. I've stopped by this place on several occasions and had nothing but pleasant experiences sampling their newest craft brew offerings.One particularly notable experience took place near their grand opening. One of the house beers they were offering was an unusual sour beer known to afficionados as a "Berliner Weisse" style. Most don't realize that although this is a wheat beer, it will strike you as highly sour, due to a step in the brewing process in which Lactobacillus (yogurt bacteria) are introduced. I personally dislike trying to grunt down the straight, tart brew in its most naked format, therefore I like to drink it as I have had it served in its birthplace, Berlin, Germany. So, equipped with my bottle of green woodruff syrup (a.k.a. Waldmeister), I dared to quaff down the sour stuff... but this time tempered with a shot of delicious candy/herbal woodruff syrup!This is the way to drink Berliner Weisse! I shared my syrup with any takers at the bar who were interested. I knew that I was in the presence of some scholared beer drinkers when I shared some with one of the bearded brewers at the establishment.  I hope that the next time they serve their Berliner Weisse, they offer patrons an accompanying shot of either raspberry or woodruff syrup.  It may sound heretical to suggest adding sugary syrup to beer, but trust me... it's as traditional as it gets.Although I haven't had a chance to properly sample all of the menu offerings here, I am pleased with the duck fat fries... exquisitely crunchy and luxuriously flavorful. A perfect snack to go with all of the interesting beers this new brewery keeps coming up with.I love having the Arizona Wilderness in my back yard... especially when it allows one to "duck" and cover and camouflage oneself behind a tasty glass of bier!
5	I love this place!  I've never had beers anywhere that come close to the quality of what Arizona Wilderness is putting out time after time. Add creative and frequently rotating taps, absolutely terrific food, friendly staff, a comfortable place to hang out, and a fun vibe, and you've got the makings of a standout brewery.
4	You know how you're at a party and you can't seem to get more than a few steps from the food table without circling back for Just One More scoop of the most excellent ARTICHOKE DIP?  Ya, it's like that!  Double dip on the First chip to establish your territory!  The chip to dip ratio is perfect if you break each chip in half and heavy load it.Did the only thing you CAN do when faced with a local brewery and multiple tap handles - had the taster flight.  All tasty. All lived up to their description.  END with the porter, its the dessert beer worth waiting for!  Think Local, Drink Local and try the Artichoke Dip!
5	Some of the best beers in this state! All different styles bringing local ingredients to your palate! Great food & desserts as well! Good beer, good food and good people!
5	I love this place! I wish it was closer to our house. But it's not. So we have to pace ourselves when we make the trek out here! Fave brews: Big Guy Rye; Little Guy Rye; BWBW (Bear Wallow Berliner Weisse) My absolute go to brew! AND in the fall we made it out for the Pecan Pie Porter. Brett (one of the owners) explained all that went into the brewing of this fantastic porter. ALOT! It's a treat. This brewery is not your typical and I love that. It's clean and all the brews are skillfully crafted. Build your own  burger. We have had the brisket and the chicken and you add your own flair with cheeses, sauces, toppings and the bun, even. We share because its a big one! Love the pretzels and cheese too! My only downfall is they are a little heavy on the salt. I scratch it off and none left. Not a problem! Get a growler of your favorite brew because know this, if it turns out to be a favorite, it won't last long! No worries, another one will be along soon to tempt your brew taste buds!
5	This place feels like "Cheers"! (You know, the place where everybody knows your name :)  The beer is PHENOMENAL! They use quite a few local ingredients in their brewing process. Food is pretty great as well. The menu is nice and simple and they usually have some kind of daily special. This is our new Sunday afternoon spot!
3	The beer was ok, nothing special! I think it has a good atmosphere. But really only seemed to focus on sweeter beers. Granted they were out of the blonde and anything else lighter. We will try them again another time and re-judge!
5	Incredible place!!! I'll start with the obvious, the beer. I love that they constantly have rotating taps so there's always something new to try. My favorite so far was the Estrella Pale Ale. Unreal. The Refuge IPA was good too. Sad they're both gone already but looking forward to what they tap next. Next the food, typical bar food but with some great twists. The Frenched Wings are so unique and fall off the bone good. The beer cheese for the pretzels is bitter and might take you by surprise but delicious as well. By far the artichoke dip is the best appetizer, best I've ever had. Lastly, the service. For me, you come  for the beer/food but you come back for the service. The staff is friendly, knowledgable, and passionate about their restaurant. It's nice to see people genuinely excited about their job. Awesome place, will definitely keep coming back.
4	Nice atmosphere but I didn't really like the Woolsey beer. However my friend really liked the Blonde. And the Artichoke Dip was delicious!!!
5	Exceptional beer!!!!! Great food. My wife and I split the sampler and had all their great beers. We also got the pretzel sticks and beer sauce... Awesome!! Also split the pulled pork on a pretzel bun with the fries cooked in duck fat! It was packed and fun. We actually offered our other two seats at our table to another couple as the wait was so long... So we got to meet some great people there too. I thought the staff was going to be a bunch of duche bag hipsters but they were great! Glad we went.
5	Awesome beer and great food! Mot much else to say. beer lovers need to make it a stop along the way. Rode my harley out and had an IPA and a burger. Most tasty!
5	If this is your first time here... definitely get the flight of beers, and go by your waiters recommendation of which to start first.  Every beer gets better and better. I've never had such a good experience meeting a great staff with such passion for greatly made beer.  This makes me want to move back to the Valley just for this Brewery!
4	Good food, decent beer, terrible bar service. Girl with short blond hair behind bar was awful. I'm sure this places gets better with time. I'd come back!
5	Garret, before saying someone is awful you must realize the situation they are in. Megan is a phenomenal bartender. The entire staff is outstanding. The past two weeks have been busy as hell for the staff. Saturday nights are busy as is, but Saturday nights at AZWBC are now chaos after the RateBeer review. Everyone is entitled to their opinion. Unfortunate sometimes. This is a place I frequently go. The food is great and the beer, even better. I've always had great service with staff whether it be at a table or the bar.
5	Can't say enough about this place.  Have been here more than 4 times. I need to remember to check in more often!   Great ownership, great staff, great beers you can't find anywhere else, and great food concepts.    WIN.
5	I've only been here once, but I can say that my experience was a good one. They have a dog friendly patio (a bowl of water for the pups and dog treats), which was great for my friends. I had the saison which was refreshing and delicious. My other friends ordered the dark ale and the IPA which they loved. I would love to come back and try some of the food. I have heard great things about the duck fat french fries (from multiple people).The servers are very knowledgeable and helpful. They made sure that we were taken care of and that our glasses were always full.
5	Been hearing great things and went there yesterday for the first time.  I was blown away.  You can tell that the staff and owners take pride and care in what they are doing.  The beer was fantastic, crafted with a lot of thought and creativity.  Loved the Superstition Coffee Stout, and I love that they support other local business like Superstition Coffee.  The food menu was perfect and they are focusing in on doing a few things very well.  The burger I had was delicious and the duck fat fries where a perfect compliment.  All in all, this is the kind of relaxing and cool place that I could hang out all day in and work.  In fact...I think I might start hanging out here all day with my laptop to work :)  Great job guys, keep it up!  You've made a regular out of me.
2	I swung in to see what all the hype was all about. Sat at the bar for some time while the arrogant girl blonde bartender was moving as if she was annoyed to be working. Not sure how many blonde female bartenders they have staffed but she was the one with the mens 50's style hairdo. Not sure if the beer was good or bad. The service was so horrendous I closed out and took off with my friends. Funny how service can put the aroma of dog crap into what is suppose to be good tasting juice. Good luck y'all!  I will not be back, show support for the brewery, or pass along the good word.
5	Without a doubt this is the best place to get beer in the Phoenix area. They make fantastic beer that you will not find anywhere else in Arizona.  When we stop in there is always something delicious to try or something on the way to get you coming back.  The staff here are exceptional.  They make you feel right at home and are always friendly and  willing to explain the beers and talk about all the fun and exciting things they are working on.  They have a simple menu of things on a bun ( chicken, pulled pork, burgers or veggie burger ), but it hits the spot with an ice cold hand crafted beer.  I will go on record to say they have the best Black Bean veggie burger in the area. It's actually freshly made, no frozen garden burgers to be found.  All of the beer establishments and restaurants should take note on how to have a great place that you want to come back too.Try:- Signal Mountain Stout- Woosley Wit- Beer- Veggie Burger with Mushrooms and Beer Cheese- Veggie Burger with Green Chile, Cheddar, and BBQ sauce
2	The beer choices are unique and the food was pretty good. Definitely not worth the wait because the service was brutal. They were out of nitro so the stout was not available and they were out of lemons. They were also out of flight glasses. Overall it was very disappointing. It took forever to get our server to take our order and the food took almost an hour to get to our table. The refuge IPA was pretty good as was the Oaked n ordinary and the Santa Teresa. The Arizona trail burger was excellent. I'm not sure I'd go back except I really want to try the stout.
2	Host service was horrific! When asked what the wait was, I was advised, "I don't know". This happened on two separate visits (the 1st I immediately walked out on).Server was amazing! Knowledgeable, enthusiastic about the beer, prompt, and friendly.Beer was ok and food was NOT good! Had the fries with beer cheese and pulled pork, as well as meatloaf sliders (salty and hard).I will not be back.
3	I'm torn about this place. I love the food and the atmosphere. The staff is also always very friendly. The problem is the orginization and staffing. It has a very laid back feel but when It comes to weekend nights it's a little chaotic. It turns from open seating to a waiting list at the door, which is apparently confusing for patrons and not well managed by staff. If they added another bartender it would help as well as a specific person assigned to dealing with growler refills. Also, some more people cooking because an hour for a burger is obviously an issue.
5	Fantastic beer and atmosphere.  I had the English style bitter beer and the green chili pork sliders.  I wish I lived closer to this place!
5	My wife and I had a great time here last night...  I had the IPA and the oaked 'n ordinary beers,  both were very good,  the IPA was my favorite of the two.  The food is also very good.  If you eat here you must try the chicken wings,  very unique and delicious,  the meat falls off the bone.   The burgers are equally as good, best burger I have had in a very long time.   They clearly use very good quality fresh ingredients.  The place was very busy but the food came out before I finished my first beer.  I will definitely be back, an easy 5 stars for me,  I just wish it was closer to my house.
3	Great beer. Great bar service. Sucky service (ridiculous and unnecessary wait). These folks need to figure out how to run a restaurant. Three empty tables but host said wait was over an hour - didn't want to seat people because trying to go easier on the kitchen. WHAT???????  This is not the way to grow a business.
1	Just waited 45 minutes, 32 for a table then got seated and waited around for 13 minutes for a server to come by. Meanwhile the other tables were being tended to as we were being ignored. Needless to say I don't ever want to set foot in this place not even if they give me a free keg of beer. There's just about an hour of my life I'll never get back, RIDICULOUS!
2	Certainly not the best new brewery in the world.  Four Peaks easily in my opinion is the best local place for beer and food.  Long wait for a table and then an equally long wait for service.  Take a lesson from Four Peaks and learn how to handle crowds.  The beers-yes they are different but just because they are different doesn't mean that they are all good.  I liked the IPA but the berliner weiss was disgusting. A real drain pour.  Food when it finally did arrive was extremely salty.  Giving it two stars because I did like the IPA.
2	Decided to try this place out after work for happy hour with a few work buds... I really wasn't impressed.  First off, Parking was a bit scarce.. the place was packed.  Had to circle a few times to find a parking pace.  Got in and we were lucky to get a couple of spots at the bar as some other people were just leaving.  The first beers came fairly quickly - I tried the red Rock Secret for my first... I wasn't particularly impressed.    A bit too hoppy for me.. Granted I'm not big on hoppy beers in general so lets just say it wasn't for me.. Perhaps it was good for a hoppy beer.  The second beer I tried was The Bear Wallow Berliner Weisse (Grapefruit version).  The best way I could describe this was that it tasted like vomit.  I did choke it all down though as I was paying for it and I'm not big on complaining. Ugh.  The 3rd beer I tried was the Santa Teresa Enkel.. Which I didn't hate. It was OK.  I'd drink it again.. But I felt like I could get some other beer just like it at any other bar.  So I wasn't all that impressed with the beer.Like I said earlier.. this place was packed.  It was LOUD inside.  I think there was music playing softly, but over the roar of the people crammed in there.. who could tell.  I'm also not a big fan of a super loud bar.  Couldn't really have much of a conversation with the people I was with without really yelling at each other.  The service was hit and miss.. Good at times.. Other times the bartender would ask if we wanted another round and we'd tell her what we wanted and then she'd serve about 50 other people before she came back and asked us again if we wanted anything.  It was busy.. So I get that.. They try hard.. It just seemed unnecessarily chaotic in there.  Can't say much about the food as I didn't have anything.. It smelled good though.  Bar food.. $10-12 for a burger.. Other interesting looking things on the menu.. Not really a huge selection though... Which isn't necessarily a bad thing.. I'd just hope the things they do have stand out.  I'd say if you're looking for a huge menu with options for kids, head over to Chili's or something.  One thing I observed while we spent a couple of hours there is how we mostly talked (yelled at each other) about great beers from other breweries, not the ones we were drinking.  Anyway.. I get how people may really like this place.. It just wasn't for me.  Wasn't impressed with the beer.  Not a big fan of loud crowded places anymore..
4	Very tasty beer and a staff that loves the craft brew scene. Inside is a bit noisy and the patio a bit small. But if you are looking to hang out with like minded people on a sunny Saturday afternoon, the vibe here is excellent.
4	On our Arizona Brewpub adventure, we hit the Phoenix area just after "typical lunch" time to sit down in Chandler and enjoy a flight of their 5 tap beers.  Space has a fun vibe, an outdoor patio with some good music * sacks of hops in the dining room and the brewing equipment right next to the bar.Husband is enjoying the hoppy selections of beer while I am pretty excited about the Bear Wallis Berliner Weisse Grapefruit.  Light but tart - instant fan here.  Oaked-n-Ordinary bitter light wood casked - was really great too.Service was cheerful,  rosemary on the fries made catsup completely unnecessary   House salad with chicken - which seemed like an afterthought on the menu, was fresh and satisfying.  Burger rocked.Bobby sat down with us an helped us make a plan of attack for more Phoenix.  Thanks Bobby!
4	These beers aren't for the feint of heart. Only drink light beer or wheats? You probably won't find anything good here. BUT if you're willing to get adventurous, or are all about beer to begin with, you will enjoy these unique beers. Each one is at it's own extreme end of the spectrum. You want hoppy? They have the hop-iest beer I've ever tasted. Bitter? Their Red Rock is right up your alley. Sour? That grapefruit beer will make you cringe--but only after the first taste. It gets better the more you drink it. If you do happen to be a wheat-beer-only kinda person and you are dragged here, I would suggest the Enkel or the IPA. The citrus in the IPA makes it rather bare able and almost delicious for an IPA-hater.But don't freak out if you can't stand strong beer. This IS a brewery, and I'm sure their beers change frequently. Maybe you'll catch a completely new set of beer. I've only visited the once.We didn't try any food, just got a flight of beer. There aren't any crackers or anything (which is unfortunate), so I would suggest grabbing an appetizer to cleanse your palate while doing the flight. A couple of those beers can do some damage. And keep an eye on the board. They added a beer while we were there, and our waitress did not inform us. It turned out to be a delicious barely wine that I would highly recommend not leaving before trying if they have it.The service was great. Our waitress was very nice and prompt, always checking up on us throughout our visit, and very accommodating as more of our friends decided to show up and leave.The small establishment itself was very busy. Maybe it's because they were just named best new brewery, or maybe it's because it's the only place to eat and grab a beer in a five block radius. Either way, expect it to be busy. But if you're a beer lover, the wait is worth it.
5	The 50/50 burger (I forget the name) and the pale ale together are heaven.  I understand they just won a HUGE Beer Advocate World Wide Award for their Beer. That's LOCAL AZ Beer Baby!!!!  That Deserves 5 Stars!
2	Not terribly impressed with the food (the pretzel is great but I've had the chicken burger and salad and it was eh). It's very loud and the service is spotty (we had terrible service at the bar and a great server at a table). Only going back for good releases but we'll definitly eat elsewhere.
4	Hawaiian burger and rosemary fries were amazing after an 8 mile desert hike. Only thing I thought was weird was you had to visit their website for their beer menu (?). Kind of inconvenient in my opinion. At least post It on the wall. Regardless,  like Arnold said, "I'll be back."
4	This native-AZn now Portlander gives Arizona Wilderness Brewing Co a thumbs up! It reminds me of some of the Portland breweries but back in my hometown. The beer selection was great, I was able to find something for my dad who normally kicks back bad beer, and something special for me, the beer connoisseur. The sour wheat with grapefruit was impressive and the IPA was a citrus hop bomb. These guys know what they're doing. The food was also very good, I am happy to see so many vegetarian options! I went with the veggie burger, which came on a delicious pretzel bun and amazing house-made beer thousand island sauce. The burger came with a side of house-made chips, so thinly sliced you could see through them, seasoned with sea salt and rosemary; divine. Service was friendly and prompt, prices were great, decor was fun, you dont even feel like you're in a shopping center. Will come again next time I'm visiting home.
2	Went there expecting to be blown away both with food and beer.  I was greatly disappointed with both.  Ordered the Flying Belgian pig in beer cheese, which was supposed to be pulled pork on fries covered with beer cheese.  The pork was tougher than I preferred, the cheese had great taste but there wasn't enough to taste and when requested were charged for the extra cheese.  I've been to many craft brew pubs across the country and have sampled many different types.  I adhere to the understanding, "All beer is good, some is just better than others."  I ordered their sampler, and was looking towards tasting some award winning beers, but only two would warrant me ordering them again, the Coffee Stout and Refuge IPA were worth the taste.  I know these establishments cater to a specific demographic, so I wish them the best.  The staff wasn't overly friendly, and we were hawked by staff to give up our glasses to they could use them again.
5	Excellent food here. I ordered the Momma Bird with fries. It was delicious! As were the pretzel sticks. The staff is very friendly and knowledgeable of the beer selection. Also really enjoyed the atmosphere.
1	Goodmornin burger was dry, chips have no flavor, I'm not sure how the service was. We didn't get any. Then they tried to add other tables meals on our checks. Never again.
5	Great craft beer!! We've been here a few times now & will continue to support this awesome establishment on a regular basis! We love craft beer & they have an extremely small set up, which is a big draw for us. They only serve their crafts (and tea, I think) so don't go lookin' for Bud, Coors or any other watery substance... This place is special & so is the love they put into their beer! It is not for the weak hearted, it's real beer with extraordinary tastes. Sometimes they have more choices than others & that's part of the fun... You never know what you're gonna get!  They have a decent menu with delicious burgers. Yay for the guys who were successful in seeing their vision become a tangible & superb reality for us!! Btw, there are many who feel this way, so it does get crowded & loud & you might have to wait if you don't go early. They also have a long bar type table that is neat, you sit intimately with strangers which can be fun & interesting if you want to chat up new friends or just eavesdrop, hee hee. Woohoo, this really is as good as it gets!! :)  Go there & partake in the joy of AZ Wilderness Brewing Co. "Don't feed the beard" Love it!
4	Grubbed with the hubs here. Good burgers & trying new bread pudding - not yet on the menu.
3	Came here on a trip through the Phoenix (1 of about 6 breweries we tried). I had high expectations from this place based on word of mouth and seeing their reviews. We had the flying belgian pig in beer cheese (beer cheese and pork covered fries). The Fries were a little on the burned side, the pork was tender but not full of flavor, and the beer cheese was almost non-existent. The size of the dish was great, but the amount of cheese covered *maybe* 20% of the fries. Once you picked through the top layer, you were left with dry, overcooked fries with no cheese. Kind of disappointing. We also had a flight of all their beers on tap, which included the Little Guy Rye, Saddle Mountain Saison, Superstition Coffee Stout, and the Chiricahua Common (they had just blown one of the kegs so there were only 4 options available at the time. This isn't a bad since that happens all the time and I get it, just a note as to why I only tried 4). I didn't hate any of them, but I also didn't love any. I love sours and the Chiricahua Common was one of the most unique/funky/interesting beers I've ever had. There were many flavors present, but I felt like they were competing with each other rather than complementing each other. Just something a little "off" to me, hard to put into words. The Superstition was my favorite of the bunch...if it was a little more viscous and maybe a little more heavy on the coffee flavor, I would have loved it. Overall a solid beer, but fell just a little short for me. I can't say the brewrey lived up to the expectations I had, but then again it wasn't a bad experience at all.
5	The beer here is all brewed onsite, named after AZ hiking trails, and amazing!!!! Try the sour beer, you will not be disappointed! Service is impeccable and beyond friendly. As far as the food goes, I have tried several things and it's all wonderful, and served in biodegradable plates. My new favorite is their confit wings with the dry rub, I am pretty sure they are the best wings I have ever had. And don't forget to bring your growler :)
4	I'm a huge local craft beer lover, and yes I already love Az Wilderness even-though I live on the opposite side of the valley from here!  First off this place is small. There is a nice sizes patio that faces west but I would only want to be out there for real nice weather, not much shad. We came on a Sunday afternoon right after a spring training game and were lucky enough to share a large table with a few people. I've heard ever since this place won best new brewery in the world it's tough to get a seat. We ordered the sampler and the brisket fries to share. I was a little bummed that they only had 4 beers on tap. They allowed me to pick another one to fill my 5. My favorite was their IPA. Excellent!!  Might be the best IPA I've had in the valley....I'm not a sour fan so that was the worst.lol.but the oatmeal stout was good and I can't remember the other one. Overall good beer, I just wish they more like 7-8 beers on tap at most times. I know this place is small but 4 was just not enough. Lucky the IPA was so good I ended up having a pint and it was happy hour all day Sunday so it was $3.50. Can beat that!The pulled pork fries were amazing!!, you need to get them. Perfect to munch on while drinking a beer. Moist and tender meat on-top of fries with rosemary and beer cheese on top of it all. Sounds simple but it was truly great!I will come back here, but I think I'll call ahead of time to see what they have on tap. I live in Glendale so this is a far drive.  Overall a great local brewery and I wish them luck in the market.
5	So, I guess everybody is a restaurant/brewery/culinary expert these days.I have been eating and drinking at AZWB for six months. Call me a regular. Their beer is an expression of the minds of the brewers. True, it is hard to get the exact same beer month after month, so if you have a favorite, it will be a while until you taste the exact same beer again. BUT, what you will find is: beer faithful to their intended style with local twists, staff knowledgeable in the styles on tap, and locally sourced food that complements the beers available. If you have a question, just ask. If the server cant answer it, there is definitely someone on hand who can suitably help. Noise? It is a bar. After 5pm, the noise level picks up. Deal with it. It is very busy on Thursday/Friday/Saturday nights. That is what happens when a noted beer rating company rates a brewery as the "World's Best New Brewery".Kid friendly? My 9yos like the build-a-burger. Again, remember you are at a bar. Adult food? I like everything they have on the menu. Again, the brewmasters have put their heart and soul in to what is coming out of the taps. The food selection is better than just "bar food" in my opinion, and again, they try to make taste appealing foods that complement the beer selection. They offer pairing suggestion on the menu. Bartenders Chris and Matt are extremely sharp on the tap offerings and Brewmaster Jonathan will tell you anything you would like to know. While I may not appreciate every beer "style" they embrace, I have not had a bad tasting experience yet. Try one of everything, repeat often.
3	Cool patio with games to play so that you can just chill with a beer outside with your friends and dogs.  Loved the flights that came in tree trunks.  Food and Beer both just ok.
5	This is the easiest review I've ever had to give.  Their American Presidential Stout is superb.  Burgers and fries are definitely not your typical bar food quality either.  Exceptionally flavorful.  Waitress was friendly and provided good service.  Give this place a try if you haven't already.
5	Great and interesting beers and food. Completely worth the trip. A great experience from the staff, food and beer. Highly recommend!
3	This place has so much potential and they really deserve two stars based on my last few visits.  The problem with this place can be summed up best by two words.... GROWING PAINS.  When they first opened I would have given them a 4.5 star review really enjoying the amazing beers they brew and the great friendly crowd and staff.  We got tours of the back of the house and you can tell the owners had a great sense of pride in their place and craft which they should.  As they have gotten busier and busier, the brewery cannot keep up with demand and when I went last time they had two beers left and one was an untouchable sour that no matter how I tried to like, I just could not get over the funk.  When this place is not slammed and has a full arsenal of their brews do not hesitate to go.  You will love it if brew is your primary motivation.  It's probably worth a call before you make the trip to see what brew they have available.  Trust me, if they are loaded up you will really like this place.  The food is pretty darn good too but on our last visit took over an hour to arrive. We had company and were boozin so it was not that bad but if we were in any other restaurant we would have been pretty hot.  Recalling our tour when they opened, their kitchen space is very limited and I remember wondered how they would push out food at all considering the space.  They have done a great job with what they have but on a crowed night expect to wait for it .  Their lack of brews may cull the crowds a bit returning this place to its happy medium and allowing them to shine again.  Until then all we can do it not eat bagels hoping the place attached to it goes out of biz so they can expand  :PAnother option they should consider is supporting other local breweries until they can meet demand.  While I completely understand their beer is their identity and the pillar of the business, if you don't have any of your own, there is no foul in offering a Four Peaks 8th street ale for example.  No they may not represent you but offering customers something as opposed to nothing is not a bad decision.  You are also supporting the local brew scene and it can only benefit customers and profits.  A win for all.
5	As an amateur brewmaster, I will always have a special place in my heart for craft beer.  I had heard many good things about this place and just had not had a chance to check it out until last night.  What a pleasant surprise!  I do not remember our waiter's name, but he had a fantastic moustache and took excellent care of us.  We got the super duper flight of all seven beers they had on tap, and he took the time to explain each one.  Of the seven, I really liked five of them - but still appreciate the time and effort it takes to create the flavor combinations.  We also got the Flyin' Belgian Pig in Beer Cheese - which I'll have you know is cooked in duck fat... and just come on.  99% of the time, soggy fries are a lose-lose - but not this time.  Fresh cut fries, beer cheese (yes that's a thing, as it should be) and tender pulled pork.  Needless to say, I'll be back and absolutely love what this place stands for.  Tons of beards, love for the wilderness and passion for great beer.  I will go on a limb and say it is one of my favorite breweries and am completely stoked to go back!
5	This place rules.Their beers are awesome, and their food is great too.  The staff is super friendly, and it has been consistently good every time I've been.  I really don't have anything bad to say other than I wish they sold kegs.  Hopefully soon though...Check it out, you won't be disappointed.
2	This is a review from a wine lover. Went here for a bday party and this place does not serve wine / liquor, only a few beers. Just writing this as an FYI to anyone expecting a variety of drink choices. Not a beer person....? Go somewhere else.
3	Kudos to this group bringing something authentic to Gilbert.  5 years ago, nothing existed (non chain) in Gilbert other than JOE'S concepts.  We are slowly growing up as a town and the food offerings are getting better and better.   That said, I really hope AZ Wilderness gets their kitchen and service in order.  I know they really just opened and for the most part the experience was acceptable.  The place is jammed packed which I am glad to see.  However, Its really confusing and frustrating for both the guests and hostess team.  Two points of entry and groups are coming in and waiting on both ends.  Hostess team (especially given the volume) needs to make sure both points of entry are getting checked in and in order.  I know three groups coming in from the other door were put on list before me that should not have been.  Now to the food....  We were a party of 6, table was tight....  We made due while we nursed some WET BEAVER!!!  Great brew for sure.  The kitchen was SO backed up (note, this was at 2PM) that it took about 50 minutes to get our entrees.  5 of the 6 were correct, mine was not.  My order must have went to the BACK of the line as I did not receive mine for about another 20 minutes AND my fries (that looked like they might have been great at one point) were ICE cold.  The rest of my party was wrapping up and it was already late so I didnt want to wait another 20 minutes to correct another problem.  A pro would have at minimum checked with me to make sure everything was perfect since they made me eat by myself.  Not one "SORRY" well make this right, etc....  Not one "Your foods almost up"... nothing.  Lack of training i hope.....  We will give it one more try, I really hope they get it together.  Given they have a huge crowd, I really hope they dont just "settle" because they are cash flowing.  I really hope they dial it in.... If they do, they will really have something special here.   The food is really high quality (although I cant speak for the fries)....
4	Food is good, mostly burgers. Great pork with green chili! Pretzel buns... HELLO! So good!
5	This place rocks!  The selection of hand crafted beers is to die for!  I had the Wet Beaver Wit which has beets as it's flavor yummy... The saison was last weeks favorite!  ...I bought a growler this week and refilled it today!  They locally purchase which raises their inherent value in my eyes!  Pet friendly, outdoor seating, this place can be really busy!  ...but the food is worth the wait!  The fries are fried with a duck fat and some herbs!  Hamburger's rock!  The bacon... add the the roasted green chili's onto the good morning burger, you won't regret it!!  Staff is great, will give you tasters, recommendations and share in the fun!  Get over here it's worth the drive!
5	The beer wasn't as amazing as I had heard but still good! I guess they had no sours and their aged beer(s) was not ready. The duck fat rosemary fries were amazing. For real the pineapple burger was over the top too!
5	Wow this place is awesome!  We found it by accident the other day when looking for a restaurant to eat at, I'm glad we went.  Their beer selection is nothing huge like Stone or the big name breweries, but what they do have is very good.  I'm an IPA fan and theirs was surprisingly awesome!  Most smaller companies don't impress me with their IPA like this one did, but it sort of reminded me of a San Diego style West Coast IPA flavor.  Most breweries I've been to in Arizona do not have the best food, but wow, this was surprising!  The fries were some of the best I've ever had; they are cooked in duck fat and sprinkled with thyme and rosemary, so yes upgrade to fries instead of chips.  I had the Arizona Burger and that thing was awesome!  Everything from the pretzel bun, the crispy lettuce, thick ass bacon, and perfectly cooked burger was impressive.  I would recommend this to anyone on lunch break even if they couldn't have a beer.
5	Loved this place!  The beers were excellent, the burgers were delicious, the atmosphere was perfect.  The duck fat fries were amazing.   It seems like the beers on tap are constantly changing, which is great.  We came on a Tuesday night and the place was mostly packed, so they must be doing something right.  We will definitely be back!
3	Really cool spot for hanging out for drinks and bar food. There's a small outdoor patio that fills up pretty fast and a big space inside. My friend recommended it because she was allowed to bring her dog and the place is dog friendly as they offer a drinking spot and treats! This place makes their own beer and they only serve craft stuff not the commercial stuff like coors, bud whatever...my friend raved about the wings (and I love me some wangs) so we order the sweet & spicy wings, artichoke dip and pretzel sticks. The wings were pretty fantastic! They are not made like your typical wings but the meat was good and not fatty and the flavor memorable (I'm at the airport now and I can still taste em). The artichoke dip was good but totally different than your typical artichoke dip because it had green chili mixed in which gave it a nice flavor. The pretzel sticks were super yummy but I didn't care for the 2 dips they came with (honey mustard and mustard). I tried 2 different beers: one was a grapefruit type thing which was tart but surprisingly good and a hef. ambiance, food and drinks were definitely enjoyable so I would come back if I'm in town.
1	Don't even bother-apparently they do not provide parking for their clientele. After parking in what I thought was all one parking lot my car was towed and damaged. I had to wait 3 hours and spend $275 cash to get it back-what a racket!!! NO STARS!!! First and last time I go here
5	Amazing awesome beer with lots of beards roaming around. Great vibes, great good,  with exceptional service. I love the saison they have everyone once in awhile, I highly recommend getting it if they have it on tap. First time here I grabbed the az trail burger. Very tasty!  Get the Home made chips or the fries, neither are disappointing. I get growlers on a regular basis. I love the atmosphere here. Loud inside and very peaceful on the patio, I like both! Second time here got the duck fat fries smothered with pulled pork and beer cheese, and the meatloaf sliders. Both were very delicious, but the pulled pork fries(forgetting what they are really called).... Specifically the pork, lacked in flavor and was a bit water logged. Seems like the fries and beer cheese made up for the flavor of the dish. They just need to season it a lot more or marinade it..... I give this place 5 stars anyway. Because I just can't get enough
5	As promised, I did return to Wilderness Brewery to give it another chance to wow me into thinking why they got the award for "best new brewery in the world".  Well, I ended up having the sampler and tried several other beers that they did not have last time.  And yes, I was finally impressed!  I had some amazing beers on our last visit.  I did say that the IPA is amazing, really the best IPA for a local brewery here in AZ.  But what really got me was the Dos Cabezas IPA.  It was an double IPA that really reminded me of my favorite beer of all time, Russian River "Pliny the Elder".  Saying this is a huge compliment!!!!  This beer was fantastic.  I love double IPAs, especially ones don't taste so strong.  I wish they would have offered to get a growler of this!We ended up taking home a growler though, the Refuge IPA.  On a side note, I sat at the bar and I accidently ordered the wrong beer for a pint after our sampler.  The bartender, wish I would have gotten her name, said no problem and gave me the one that I really wanted to say.  That was very nice.Ok Wilderness, I have to admit that at first I wasnt too impressed with the beer...but this time I totally was.  I still wish that they would have more beers on tap, but I think becuase it is such a small brewey, they can't hold on to much beer.  This brewery is super busy on both times I have visited.  Maybe they will look to expand so they can make more beers??  Oh well, I still have to rate Wilderness towards the top of my favorite local breweries no matter what!
1	1st & last time we go there.  Started off with their beer sampler and we liked none of the 6 beers they had.  We were shocked, I've been drinking beer for 38 years all over the world and the only beer I don't care for is American Falstaff until I tried these.  The burgers were ok I had the AZ Trail Burger it reminded me of the burgers at Wendy's when they had the pretzel buns and my wife's burger was served to her raw.Very disappointed 1st time I've ever left a Bar & Grill thirsty and hungry...
4	Cool little micro brew pub, and nice change of pace from 4Peaks or San Tan.   The beer selection is good (as it should be for a brew pub) and the food is typical style food.  Nothing to write home about, but not disappointing either. The beer is where it's at here.  If you like IPA's IMO this place has one of the best IPA's in town if not the West Coast.  Try it out and best of all if you like it, growlers are only a fill away.
1	Beer was good, service ok, but parking sucks.  Friday night and very crowded. NO PARKING.  So I park in the lot next to the bar. Came out and my vehicle is GONE.  Tow truck in the lot with another car on it. "Did you tow my car?"  Driver, "Yes" "Where are the signs?" Driver, "over there on that column".Ok, as I pulled into the lot, I looked for signs and I obviously missed that.  Here's my rub.  I go back inside and ask my waitress about the next door parking.  "Oh, yea, when they start towing people, we try to announce it". Are you kidding me, your parking absolutely SUCKS and on a Friday night you don't attempt to tell your patrons as they enter your establishment that you have a very unfriendly neighbor!!  $150 later, I get my vehicle out of impoundment.  WONT BE GOING BACK, EVER!!!
5	What more can I possibly say that hasn't been said already?  This place is KILLING IT!  I love coming here and only wish I lived closer.  The brewers, the servers, every employee is very accommodating and love talking local craft beer.  Their menu is pretty simple but we have not had a bad meal yet.  I'm a vegetarian and their homemade bean patties are awesome!  Please DO NOT skip the pretzels.  Do I even need to talk about their beers....probably not.  They will speak for themselves.  Get here.
2	Our server Tiffany, was great. She took care of us and deserves 4 stars.I had the stout. It was pretty good, BUT it wasn't cold. We were sitting at the bar so I know the pour wasn't sitting and waiting to be delivered. I hate warm beer, yuk.I ordered the pull pork sandwich. It was ok, not much flavor I had to salt it.French fries fried in duck grease was very yum. The atmosphere was a bit dull for me. I'd say the whole place was set to target an older crowd 50-60 year olds.   I wont be going back to this bar.  But if you are in the neighborhood check it out, just don't go out of your way.
4	This is a nice addition to local breweries in the Phoenix area (it's especially nice to have one on the far east side of town).I came here for happy hour with a few friends who have been here a few times and really raved about it. Honestly, I don't think it's AS good as Four Peaks or O.H.S.O from a restaurant/food standpoint. It's kind of small & crowded, and I can't put my finger on why this is exactly, but there's kind of a generic/sterile feel to it compared to those breweries, but like I said, it's still a pretty solid place, and based on the two IPA's I tried I think from a pure brewery/beer standpoint it ranks right up there w/those places! As far as the food goes, the menu isn't very extensive ( burgers, apps, and a few salads), but I liked what I tried, which included soft pretzels (w/a really yummy cheese sauce) & the artichoke/chili dip. Honestly, the dip tasted like the same cheese sauce that was served w/the pretzels w/artichoke & chili's thrown in. However, like I said, the cheese sauce was yummy and so was the dip. The strength of this place is really is the beer, and when your brewery that's probably a good thing. I'd definitely come back!
5	Really!! Are you serious??? Why is this called Wilderness Brewing Company, when the food is as amazing, if not more amazing than the beer?? It is obvious the name does not tell that you get much more than you expect from a "brewery." The beers are completely unique, and the food is, without a doubt, fresh and made from scratch. We came here on a Wednesday night...A WEDNESDAY NIGHT...and it was packed by 5:30!! By the way, the chicken wings are not chicken wings as far as I can tell!! They are some sort of gourmet, delicious chicken on a bone, that has been stripped of all fat and made to perfection and literally falls off the bone!! If you do not try this place, are a total idiot!!
5	Love this place, the beers, the patio, the beards!
4	Awesome place for great craft beer. Food is generally delicious especially the belgian fries. If they could keep a few regular beers consistently on tap it would definitely earn that 5th star.
3	The food was great! The beer selection was a little different than what I was expecting. Being from the northwest, there are breweries all over that I tend to compare all new places to. This wasn't my favorite. Maybe I'm just hard to please, but I do love a good microbrew. 4 Peaks is still my AZ favorite.
4	Impressed. All the beers are excellent and full of flavor, despite being lower on the abv scale. Habanero confit wings were delicious and well worth the price. Duck fat fries were irresistible and delicious and crispy even when they cooled off. Will be back
4	Just paid another visit to this brewery and I have to say it was a good one they have improved greatly in a few months (maybe trying to live up to their award for best new brewery) The first time i visited the beers were just ok, too hoppy and kind of generic for my taste and the only good one was the Sour Wheat beer (unique, refreshing and very light alcohol). I liked the chill kinda vibe and the outdoor theme. Gotta love the bearded brewers :-)This round i tried the coffee stout, the Sour wheat (called BWBW i believe) and  Dark ale. Seems they always have 6 on tap the others were IPA style so not for me. The coffee stout is one of the best i have ever had, so smooth and creamy and great flavor, it does have coffee in it so i should only try these earlier in the day :-). The others we very tasty as well and have now changed my opinion on this place (before it was barely a 3 star).I tried the rosemary fries cooked in duck fat and they were yummy, still need to go back and try the food.It was busy around happy hour but manageable (early in the week anyways) and our server was good and knowledgeable.
5	I've been here a number of times.  Sometimes I'll come to fill up a growler or two and others I'll have a seat with friends and family and grab a bite to eat.  I've followed these guys since their kickstarter days so it was fun watching them gut the place and start from scratch.  I really do like their beer and have tried a few here that I've never tried anywhere else (BWBW for example).  One issue is that they're pretty popular now so they don't tend to keep a specific beer on tap for too long as they sell out.  However, they always have other options (4-5 or more) and I've never had a problem finding something I know I'd like or something I've wanted to try that's new to me.  As far as food, I think everything I've had was really good with the exception of the tacos.  In fairness, I did try their tacos after they were first released and it looks like they've improved since I tried them (follow them on facebook).  I think one of the strong points about AZ wilderness, besides their beer (I think they received an award for best new brewery in the world or something to that effect), is the fact that the owners are pretty great guys.  Friendly staff as well.
4	I came here after a long day working in the hot and dusty Arizona desert. I'd heard they produced the worlds best beer, that they beat even the Belgians! shit...anybody who beats up a Belgian is my friend for life.The place was packed but I was greeted immediately by the FRIENDLY Staff (CAPITALIZED because they have to YELL). I asked for a dark ale but was given a Coffee flavored Stout. It was that or an IPA- I hate IPA's more than Belgians and Germans, and Yankees, especially theim damn Yankees.  The ale was good but I'm not a coffee fan. I didn't want to try all 10 of the beers on tap since I needed to drive back to my hotel. But I do recommend Arizona Wilderness for the very friendly and knowledgeable Staff, the clean restaurant, clean bathrooms, and the food is pretty good as well. I had a burger with cheese and bbq sauce that hit the spot along with the beer.Fries were fresh and salty and not overcooked.   I'm roaming the Arizona desert in hopes of finding more home-grown, cold beer.
2	The food is decent, the beer selection could be a lot better, and the service is adequate. I find it very strange how a business that is wilderness oriented serves everything on paper plates with plastic utensils. Not only is it difficult to cut your food with a plastic knife, it is just plain wasteful.
5	Fantastic place for lunch with aFriend or friends ! The place is slightly loud but that just means the place is hopping and peeps are having a good time .
5	This place is heaven sent. The waiters/waitress are awesome. They treat my dog like a human ;p I bring my pup here all the time and they provide him with water and cold air! The food is amazing! :-)
4	Visited AZW on a Wed night; during HH... it was packed. Put our name on the list for a table; est. 15-20 min. wait. Decided to mosey over to the bar tender and order beers; the patio was empty and it was 108 but it was shaded so we figured we could handle that for 15-20 mins. The bar tender gave us some suggestions based on what we were looking for... the hubby was interested in a sour but she knew better to have him taste it first, it was not for him so he found something more to his palette.    - Expect a little wait for a table during HH. We let the hostess know we were heading outside while we waited for a table. A few minutes later more arrived to the patio and the next thing we know these massive coolers on the patio were turned on... nice and cool with them. 108 became very comfortable on the shaded patio.   - Don't fear the patio in the summer; with the patio coolers on it's nice out there.We wanted a snack so we ordered the FLYIN' BELGIAN PIG IN BEER CHEESE for $8.99. It was plenty for 2 to share; with the beers and this snack my hubby and I were full. We asked for a side of ranch and the waiter (with the fun handlebar mustache) also provided some BEER-B-Q sauce (also yummy).   - Food portions are decent and the wait staff is friendly and quick.With another visit my 4 star would probably change to a 5 star; I'd like to sample more of the food and the beers too... at this point - the rating is more like 4.5!
4	The brisket burger, chicken sandwich and pulled pork are all delicious! I'm a total french fry girl but I can't get enough of their house made chips! Their BBQ sauce is so yummy! The staff are all knowledgeable in "beer talk" and super friendly! The beer selection can be hit or miss, especially if you don't like IPA's. I'm not an IPA person (I love dark beer though) and there has been a few times where there hasn't been a beer I particularly enjoyed. If you do enjoy IPA's I think you are in the right place :)
5	Love the build your own burger and wings!!! Go there and do not be disappointed!! Get there early- piles of people come quickly! Kid friendly, too!
4	A little loud but on the flip side- a great and alive vibe going on. The beer is SO fresh and everyone working there is very happy and so helpful even when it is SUPER busy. Anyone I ordered from was willing to describe each beer in layman's terms if you don't know what a certain style means, which I found really helpful even thinking I knew a thing or 2 about beer ;-)The majority of the food we had was absolutely YUMMY!!! We like to order apps so.... here is what we ordered:The wings have dry rub options which I recommend to avoid sogginess and then get a hot sauce in addition to dip into if you like wet sauce. They literally fall off the bone as they are lollipop style, so tasty & tender!The pretzels are super hot, soft and a great compliment to the beer with the beer cheese and mustard seed dipping sauces. The pork and gravy covered fries were very much lacking, they aren't crispy and they were cold, the flavor was a bit off as well.I will DEFINITELY be back- p.s. I didn't have one but their burgers look ridiculous.
4	Fairly new brewery. Hopefully, a larger selection of beer to come. But burgers were amazing. The manager is very friendly and stopped by our table to personally welcome us.
5	Another great night at AZW. The food is amazing. Always is. But I bet you'll come here for the beer. Their flagship Refuge is top notch and they always have a great mix of other beers on tap. Be sure to read the stories of each beer. The service is amazing. The previous time we were here, someone in our party was a difficult customer. The situation was handled with grace and empathy from the staff. On this visit they remembered us (eek!) and made sure to show us they were glad we came back (we will never bring the PITA girl again!) I was amazed they wanted to make us feel welcomed - the previous experience was handled so well by them that I felt we were the pain! Thank you Tiff for a great evening. We will be back soon!
3	Good beers, but I felt like there were limited styles. Both times I went there I felt my options were dark beers and an IPA. They were good, but when it's hot out a nice light lager or hoppy pale can be golden. It looks like their taps change pretty regularly so I wouldn't be surprised if it was just timing. They have vegan tacos for Tuesday tacos if you take out the cheese, which were pretty good and my husband enjoyed the black bean burger. I haven't tried it so I haven't asked if it's vegan. Seeing how close it is to us and the quality of beer, we will likely go back again. Especially if we know when they are rotating their taps which they specify on their website. With other beer spots close to us having the usual suspects on their beer menu (i.e. Bud, Coors, etc.) this is a magical place and should be appreciated.
5	One of my favorite breweries in the Phoenix area. The food is great and the beer is awesome. I like the burger with bacon and egg that is on a pretzel bun... delicious! I am a stout and porter fan and I have not had one here that I did not like. I know they have a small selection of beer and it is only there for a limited time, but that is what makes it special. I had a smoked stout (which was one of the best stouts I have had) there a while back, and the fact that I probably wouldn't be able to enjoy it again, made me savor it even more. I work at a hotel and every time someone comes into town that likes beer, I recommend this place to them. It is a favorite of mine and several of my co-workers. I do tell people ahead of time that this place is loud and can be very busy, so don't plan on a quiet evening out!
4	The first time I went to Wilderness they were out of a beer I wanted to try, sad but the food is amazing!! The second time I went they were out of another beer I waned to try, sad again. I will go back for one more round because the food there is great but not a fan of going to places and they are out of their own beer. It could be because they grew too fast, but time will tell. I still recommend it!
5	This place was outstanding!! Really cool ambiencre! You gotta have those delicious wings! I ordered a flight of beer and the IPA and the stout were my favorites :)
1	Horrible service at bar!!!!! Thought we'd give it a try, after all they won "world beer" awards. Saturday afternoon 3:30 very crowded,  2 seats opened up at bar. Bartender set menus down in front of us and walked away no greeting or anything like hi have you been here before etc... We asked for a couple samples again nothing was explained to us. Ordered our beer, then about 10 minutes later had to ask someone else if we could order food. Ordered the burger special, bartender did up sell the fries. Burger was okay, fries so,so if you like rosemary. Half way through dinner our beer was empty.  Bartender was right in front of us washing out growlers and never once asked how food was,or if we wanted another beer.  We finally caught bartenders attention and she said "I guess you are ready for your check" then gave us a line about what a rough transition they had.  It doesn't matter if you are a full staff short, the customer should always be greeted and attended to, she could have told us they were short staffed in the beginning, instead of saying nothing and ignoring us.  Thankfully there are other breweries in Chandler that offer much better service and food. Definitely don't waste your money or time at Wilderness.
5	Love this place! Great beers and delicious burgers. The artichoke dip is very good. It's a small place and they are growing so fast it can be a wait sometimes but it's worth it.
5	Wow!  I had tried their beer at Tap & Bottle and wanted to check out their brewery on a recent trip to Phoenix and surrounding areas.  We LOVED it.  Their menu is varied and unique and good!  From their beer braised & bleu burger to french cut wings and green chile pork sliders we tried them all and left barely able to move.  And the beer!  We started with the Refuge IPA and hardly were able to stray from that.  I believe we sampled a RyePA too but the Refuge was our favorite.  We enjoyed ourselves so much on our first day that a couple days later we made the detour again so we could stop back in on our way home.  This time we filled our stomachs and a growler to go - and threw in a couple shirts.  Can't wait to be back.
5	This place is incredible! Sit on the patio even in the summer with their HUGE swamp coolers!!
3	It's nice enough, but nothing to write home about. I went here with high expectations because of all the hype I've heard even up in New York about how this is supposedly one of the best new craft breweries in the country. So on a trip to Phoenix I made it a point to stop in and try their beers.I accidentally went during a World Cup match in which the US was playing, which was a huge mistake because the place was full of newly minted soccer fans rooting on the team and taking up every table. So the staff was pretty frazzled and I didn't get a chance to really talk to anyone about the beers. They were nice, though, and I can't fault the brewery for being busy when I decided to go in. I really like having the chance to connect with the brewers so I'm disappointed I didn't get to do that.I ordered a flight which included 5 of the 6 beers they had on tap. Overall, I was quite underwhelmed by each beer. There were not any standouts and I would not go out of my way to obtain any of them. The IPA was probably my favorite of the bunch, but it's not remarkable any more so than the dozens or hundreds of other craft IPAs available across the country. I had high hopes for the gose, but it was unremarkable as well. It was refreshing and sour, but not more so than any of the other goses I can name off the top of my head. I was also interested in buying a half-growler to take back to New York with me and share with beer friends, but they didn't have any growlers in stock. Fine, I won't buy your beer. *shrug*The beer is good, but I would have been sorely disappointed had I made a special trip to Phoenix to visit this place. Definitely not worthy of all the hype.
5	The beers are the most intensely flavored you can find in the valley, and I was there this week and had the Arizona Wilderness / Mikkeller collaboration peach porter available EXCLUSIVELY on tap here. Worth every penny. Weird but good! NO GROWLER FILLS on that one, that's how exclusive it is!The burgers are absolutely scrumptious and the duck fat fries are not to be missed.Do you have a cholesterol issue? SO SORRY, didn't mean to tease you.The menu is burger dominant for main meals, but they have other GREAT things as well, don't worry. The Frenched wings are pretty good and they also have hummus.Excellent and mindful service.Check out the website for the full menu. Intense food, intense beer!If you're a Scorpio, you need to get here.
5	I love this place so much. When I plan to come here, it's literally the most anticipated part of my day. The beers are so Damn good and knowing the get the ingredients from Arizona as well makes it even cooler. The food is very limited with options but has always been great. Top notch craft beer
4	The food is always so good and the staff works hard to take care of you even though they are always slammed. The only issue is the noise level. Also the rosemary on the fries... But that is just my preference :)
4	First time didn't know what to expect but really like the place.  Service was great had the boboquavari blonde. And had the good morning burger. Fried and chips were amazing.
4	Really liked the both IPAs they had , and my husband had one I think was called rguy or something that was good.  We had pretzels to munch on for appetizers and those were good.  The service and atmosphere were good.  We will be back.
2	This place is extremely "meh". After being hyped up by their "best new brewery" award, we were excited to try their beers, only to discover they had little to choose from. Two were essentially the same and one was so disgusting I wouldn't suggest it on my worst enemy. It tasted exactly like vomit, I kid you not. "Intense flavor" is right - in a bad way. Have tried many other breweries and this is by far my least favorite. Would not recommend coming here.
5	Main Points:-One of the few southeast valley breweries-Excellent service-Good variety of beerReview:Being a fan of craft beer, I decided I needed to finally try this local brewery, and I'm glad I did!  I wasn't sure if I was even going to get seating, because the place appeared to be at max capacity (the World Cup Final had just concluded, and the fans were famished), but I was promptly seated. I didn't get a chance to try any food off the menu, as I was specifically there for the liquid bread.  That said, I ordered the extended flight which included all 7 of their currently tapped brews.  All were high quality beers, some of which were very unique such as smoked saison or the peach porter, made with locally grown peaches!  Throughout the visit, our water glasses stayed full and our drink orders were fulfilled swiftly.I give AZ Wilderness a 5 because I like the unique variety, convenient location, excellent service & friendly staff, and the fact that they continuously come out with new beer keeping us in anticipation. The one downside is the noise level due to the concrete floors and walls, but I'm looking forward to trying the food next time and their latest beer creation.
2	Beer: The IPA was just okay, while the double IPA was definitely better. I have had a few more, like their rye, and their beer is not bad. However, I do notice that there is not much consistency from visit to visit, as far as what the IPA will taste like or what beers will be available. As far as being the most "intensely flavored" beers in the Valley, as claimed by another reviewer, I would have to disagree. This place is nowhere near that right now. That is not to say that they cannot grow into something special, but as of right now, they still need to work on consistency. Food: Burgers. Burgers. More burgers. If you are not in the mood for a burger, you have a few appetizers to pick from. We opted for the fries (claimed to be in the Belgian style, fried in duck fat) and their artichoke dip... Both were not very good... The fries.... Look.... I have been to Belgium multiple times, specifically for beer and food. These fries are not Belgian in any way, shape or form. These fries were overcooked, and they season them with dried rosemary and thyme. Like, a LOT of rosemary and thyme. Who in their right mind would want to eat overcooked fries with dried twigs sprinkled liberally throughout? It was a greasy, overcooked, twiggy mess. Complete bullocks. The artichoke dip, also bullocks. It came in a disposable cup, and based upon how it was cooked, and the temperature differences throughout the dish, I am pretty sure it was microwaved. It also had a very milky taste, and did not seem like a dip, but rather a collection of a few ill-thought ingredients that were not properly sealed together.  Overall, this menu is just bad, in my opinion. Perhaps I will return eventually and try a burger, but I will certainly not trust the appetizers ever again. The beer is not terrible, but certainly not anything special. If I do return, it will be in like a year, to see if they have made improvements.  I hate to give a local joint a bad review, but I just did not like it here that much.
5	Just ate at this amazing place. We were unsure how it would be based on the mixed reviews, but the beer was great.  Our server, Mike, was amazing and walked us through all the beer on tap and recommend several items. It was taco Tuesday, so we had the tacos along with the wings. First, the wings were out of this world. I am not a big wing  fan, but they were great; not greasy or messy, just amazing. The tacos were quite good, too. If you are looking for a great place to hang out with your friends and have a beer and dinner, this is your place.
5	When we bought a house in Gilbert I was sad that we would no longer be a 5 minute drive away from Santan...and then I found AZ Wilderness! I stumbled onto this place about a month after it opened when it popped up on "near by" in Untapped, it has since become immensely popular. It's a little more difficult to get a table these days but definitely worth the wait. I love that they are constantly trying new things with the beer and food! We were fortunate enough to get a growler of the pecan picacho, I'm really hoping they do it every year, as it was amazing! The coffee stout and little guy rye are both great staples and I have never eaten anything there that I didn't enjoy.  Seriously, the brisket burger, chicken burger, pulled pork, chicken wings...all delicious, and who could say no to duck fat fries??
3	Very interesting. I came here on a Friday night post dinner to grab some drinks with my fellow amateur beer connoisseurs, therefore did not try much on the menu, though I did notice many dishes I would come back to try, but when I do return it will not be for the beer. While I would like to think that I am a beer drinker who is open to trying a variety of brews, I left here wishing I hadn't.  My husband and I dove right in and got the flight since we were not familiar with any of their beers, but even while looking at the list noticed they all seemed to blur together in regard to flavors, descriptions, and IBUs.  I'm not sure if this is a common occurrence, or just something we happened to experience while visiting here, but their lack of variety really turned me off.  While finishing the beer our group got hungry and decided to try their spicy hummus, which was the highlight of our visit!  Very tasty and perfectly spicy, plus I loved that they include a mix of pita and cucumber and top it off with Sriracha, can't go wrong there! My tip for prospective visitors: go here if you like a hipster ambiance, hoppy beer, and above par bar food.My tip for wilderness:  offer a more well rounded selection of brews, and create a more concise and visual description of your beers
5	IF YOU LIKE CRAFT BREWS DON'T MISS OUT ON THIS ONE!Been dying to finally get out to Gilbert and give this place a try but we hesitated due to it being out in GilbertDIRECTIONS - DISTANCE: ****To my surprise the drive from Oldtown Scottsdale wasn't bad at all - about 15 mins - straight down the 101 to E Guadalupe Rd and you're there! SO WORTH IT and not a bad drive at all. =====================================================ATMOSPHERE: *****Great atmosphere out of nowhere - you can't really tell what to expect walking up but once your inside you feel like you're right on Mill Ave w/ out the sometimes expected Douchery which is great - everyone is laid back - good diverse mix of patrons and overall good vibe. They had the World Cup playing on all the TVs which scores extra points!========================================================FOOD: ****I ended up just combining some starters - I went with the CHICKEN WINGS CONFIT, dry rub with Beer-B-Q sauce on the side (Delicious). The meat literally falls of the bone. And I had a side of the BELGISCHE FRIETJES (which is fries cooked in duck fat).... so good.Also - they have vegetarian options as well which was a plus for some of our party.Great Beer food overall =========================================================BEER: ***** + *While the menu is limited this is why you make the trip people - I had the:- Denmark in The Desert Imperial Sour Peach Porter Collab with Mikkeller - (not a porter guy in 100+ temps but I gotta say that this was pretty awesome) Not overly dark or thick - very smooth and has a great aftertaste... goes great w/ the FRIETJES. - Hellsgate Imperial Saison - 9.0% - What can I say about the Imperial - Was as good as it gets!!! Make sure you have a designated driver for this one :)AGAIN Don't make the trip if you're expecting to be able to buy a Heineken - that's not going to happen and that's not what the place is about - this is a Micro Brew trying new flavors and constantly coming out w/ new craft brews - that's the point!!! ==========================================================SERVICE: *****Last but not least the staff was awesome - They kept the fresh cold beer flowing despite the place being packed out - made great recommendations for everyone on the food - pairing it up with our beers - couldn't have been happierWE'LL BE BACK!
5	I now know why Ratebeer.com showered this place with such an amazing award.  Their beer is amazing!  The Hellsgate Imperial Saison is so smooth that you would have no idea that it had such a high alcohol content until you saw the little snifter they pour it into.  It's all good, because I'll take quality over quantity any day.  My hubby loved their double IPA.  We took advantage of the burger and a beer for $10 special and absolutely devoured our burgers.  The food held it's own with such amazing beer by it's side.  My only question is, where can I get my very own AZ Wilderness tacker to hang on my wall at home? We collect them and I want to rep AZ Wilderness!
5	Very good custom crafted brews from bearded people who really seem to care. The food is good also, not too mind bedding, but tasty no-the-less.  This place always keeps it interesting by constantly cycling through there recopies.  Voted bust brew pub in the world by some magazine at some time...how ever much weight you want to apply to that recognition.  I say good stuff, check it out!
4	We did a beer flight. The Refuge IPA and the Bear Wallow were stand outs. We were given a total of 8 beers to sample. We also ordered the green chili pulled pork sliders. They were great. My only complaint is that the food is served on disposable tray. This is not Eco Friendly.  I would prefer to see reusable plates.
5	Excellent service!  I have really enjoyed their brews.  Food is pretty darn good, even for a vegetarian!  Their duck fat fries are all the rage, but they really weren't anything special to me.  Black bean burger is amazing and house made.  Hummus is quite tasty too!  I love their incorporation of local ingredients in both the food and beer.  It's top notch!
5	Do the flight of everything on draft for the day.  I met the owners (amazing guys).  Amazing beer, amazing food .. Highly recommend.  Come for a tapping on Saturday!  Talk to the locals.
5	Seems like a cool place. I enjoyed the IPA refuge and the sour. Not everyone offers a sour. I'm super impressed with the availability of a sour. Most breweries don't include one due to the amount of time for production. The sour apple was tart and the grape sour was pleasantly light and refreshing. As for taco Tuesday, my order was great. Pork tacos (served hot)  and squash taco (luke warm) . I was disappointed with the habanero salsa being pickled but they have saracha. I love the story of the birth of wilderness and I love the logo. Nice job, fellas. Enjoy the success! Oh, and try the juniper Mesa dark. Unique. Something to appreciate from an adventurous  brew pub.
5	Stopped in tonight and grabbed some habanero hops chicken wings to go. Seriously phenomenal. Perfect amount of heat. Not head sweat heat, but lips on fire heat. Paired with a Suit-n-tIePA and it was a great meal.
5	Food melts in your mouth! And I am picky about good food. Expect a 30 min wait to sit on weekends.
3	Tasted great -- felt like I have been in some Washington forest gnawing on pine cones, trying to survive... that's exactly what their Suit-and-tie IPA tasted like: sappy, thick, piney... I can still taste the needles on my tongue. The Weisse beer was sour. I am not quite sure where they went wrong there, or if their red sour keg had an illicit relationship with weisse, but the two tasted exactly the same: nose-wrinkling tooth-hurting sour. We had four people in the group, and I am the only person who likes sour, so I was a trooper and drank everyone's Weisse as well as my Red Sour. The Stout was, well, a Stout, albeit weak. The IPA was pine-needly as well. If you don't mind scraping sap off your gums, picking needles out of your teeth, and drinking squirrel vomit, you will LOVE it!! Honestly the only reason we went there was because the brewery was lauded as the best brewery in the U.S.!! I say, the worst!! Unless you are a squirrel -- then you will love it!! :-)  One star for beer, and two for atmosphere - atmosphere was great, and if the brews were phenomenal, they would get 5 stars from me. Have not tried their food, so that was not included in my review.
5	I was told by my Arizona friends that this place is currently ranked the best new craft brewery in America. Being from San Diego, where the craft brewing scene is huge, I have pretty high standards. That being said, this place definitely met my expectations. I decided to order tasters of everything and here some of the things worth mentioning: * If you enjoy the hops as much as I do, go for the Refuge IPA. It was perfectly hoppy, which made it my favorite beer of the night. * Another great choice is the Suit-n-tIePA (double IPA). It's weird that it's not quite as hoppy as the Refuge IPA, but no doubt still an excellent beer. It's hard to believe it 8.2% alcohol considering how smooth it is.* I'm not a fan of sour beers, but I know some people are. I tried the BW Berliner Weisse and Sour in the Redfield and they were just not good in my opinion. * The Signal Mountain Stout surprised me. I am not big on stouts, but it was good because it's not too heavy and you can actually taste the cacoa in it. I also ordered the Hawaiian Wilderness burger (Brisket Blend Burger, Pepper Jack Cheese, Beeriyaki Grilled Pineapple, Beer-Braised Onions, Sweet 'N' Spicy (Brioche)) and it was very good. I would consider myself a harsh burger critic, so I do have a few comments. The meat was a TINY bit overcooked, but the middle of the burger was good. I ordered the Sweet 'N' Spicy sauce on the side since the waitress told me it would be more on the spicy side. I still gave it a try, but I wasn't a fan since I'm not really into spicy food. My friend on the other hand, ordered the same thing and really enjoyed the sauce so it really just depends on what you prefer. My favorite part of the burger was the Beer-Braised Onions. I could eat those every day!  Overall, I really enjoyed this brewery a lot. When it comes to beer, they have something for everyone (and they are inexpensive too). The food is mostly burgers but there are a few other options if you're not into that (I really want to try the Bavarian Pretzel Sticks sometime). Go early because they get VERY busy and the wait can be long. OR, you can go around 8 pm like we did when the dinner rush is over. We still had to wait 15-20 minutes to get seated but we just stood in the bar area and started trying beers. If you go around 6-7 pm, I hear the wait can be an hour or longer!
3	First visit and probably our last, not really a bad experience just not enough to go out of our way. The server was helpful with the menu and beer selection but the food was just ok. The good morning burger was great but everything else was pretty average. The ambiance was very loud which is fine, just keep that in mind. Bottom line, for our money, and the bill added up quick, we're going back to Four Peaks.
5	The first time we came here the place was packed and there was a 30 minute wait (with no waiting area) so we left. We decided to come back the minute the place opened on a Friday to make sure we got a seat and we were not the only people waiting in the parking lot. We shared a delicious burger and the best wings I have ever had. I recommend trying this place! It will not disappoint. There is a reason why it is always so busy.
4	First time here and really enjoyed it! For a Tuesday night it was pretty busy - had a little bit of a wait, which wasn't a big deal at all as we lounged in some comfy chairs and had a beer. We sat at one of their high tops and had the wings, good mornin burger and the mushroom burger with the duck fat fried fries. Delicious! I was a little confused as to what was playing on one of the TVs... All scenic desktop pictures, kind of like an automated screensaver on a computer, kind of strange - maybe ESPN would've been better. Jessica was our server and she was great! I would definitely recommend this place!
5	Freaking awesome food and Beer. Nuff Said!!!!
5	If you are looking for one of the best local breweries in the valley, look no further. They consistently knock beers out of the park and have a great rotating selection. Local food that is amazing and a rotating special? Again, look no further. I've been here  quite a few times and am always impressed by the food and special of the day. The owners are down to earth and super nice guys. I suggest you try this place out!
3	FIRST OFF: This place is usually PACKED due to all the rave reviews they've been getting, so plan on waiting 15-30 mins for a table during normal eating hours unless you're alone and somehow find a seat at the bar.The beer is good but I haven't found one there that I've loved yet.  Only 4-5 on tap at any time, but they are all brewed in-house.  No liquor behind the bar, so don't plan on getting a cocktail.The food is GREAT.  The Frenched wings are the best chicken wings I've had anywhere--we get these 80% of the time now.  Extremely tasty and fall right off the bone.  All of the sauces are great.  AZ Trail Burger also VERY good--brisket patties.  French fries cooked in duck fat also very tasty.
4	Beers are tasty and I went o Taco Tuesday.  The tacos were really good and they were only 2 dollars each.  Nice...  There were 6 different beers flowing this day and the only one i didn't care for was the white wheat.  I thought id be a little adventurous because the flour they used was from Hayden mills.  anyways..  The IPA and their red were both really, really good.  Definitely a place to revisit.
5	Went here a week ago.  The beer and food were great!  The server was really nice and helped us out since it was our first time there.I ordered the build your own burger and added green chilies and bacon.  I had the brisket blend burger and it was cooked just right and was delicious.  They also have a spicy Sriracha ketchup that I got on the side and dipped my burger in there for some extra kick.  My lady ordered the Spicy Red Pepper Chicken burger and she LOVED it.  We're already deciding when we're going to have to go back and get some more.If you're an IPA and/or sour fan, that's their specialty (so the server told us).  I'm not so I gave the Salt River Saison a try first with my burger deal.  The beer was really easy to drink and all around nice wheat ale.  For my 2nd drink (in the birthday mug, read below) I had the Estrella Oatmeal Pale Ale.  This one is compared to an American beer and again was real nice and easy to drink.  I plan on going back to try their Porter.If you go on your birthday, make sure to bring your ID and ask for the birthday mug!  $3 for a litre of beer, your choice and you can get as many refills as you want.  Since I was only there for a short time, I only got one fill.  Oh, and from what I hear, there's only 1 mug, so hopefully no one else that has the same birthday as you gets it first.  When the owners/brewers were walking around talking to customers, they made sure to say Happy Birthday to me since I had the mug.  Kind of a cool idea.
1	Dont waste your time or money. For starters parking is awful and the place is packed as a result of not enough spaces and the restaurant is cramped with a horrible set up. You cant walk anywhere in the place without bumping into someone or knocking a servers tray.  The bar staff is nice but you need to get their attention if you want anything. I also find it pathetic they only sell their own beer. No wine or any other products. Seriously...and the beer is not that great..unfriendly atmosphere among patrons..and check your food order carefully before getting it to go..they have screwed up my order every time. Will not go back and am glad the place is so small and not wasting any more real estate than it already does..
4	The beers is great ! But no stout when I visit and that's a bit disappointing , place is clean and the staff very knowledgable about beer. I order a burger served in a paper plate  $12.00 for it delish ........ But What's up whit the plastic fork and knife ?
5	Amazing food, beer and service.  What more can you ask for?  I do wish they were located more in the central valley area, but I will gladly keep making the drive out :)  Get the pretzels and beer cheese.  Also, their beef and brisket burgers are great.
5	locally brewed using local products to make great beer. Friendly staff, awesome fries. Website shows what beer is available. Wish it was closer to me.
1	Pros: Beer Cheese - Great / IPA - GreatCons: Everything else. This place could really use to clean up a bit - very dirty, poor set up for people to have room, furniture and chairs wobbly and sub quality. Service was also sub par - in fact they overcharged me on my debit purchase where the tip was concerned....there was no tip and they added one...so very shady and I will not go back based on that. San Tan Brewery has a much nicer atmosphere, much cleaner, and the service is night and day compared to this place. Think of a dive bar with one good beer - of thats what you want -- You'll get it @ AZ Wilderness Brewing.
4	We went in, not knowing anything about the beers or food. The beer pairing was fantastic and pretty accurate. The service was authentic (didn't seemed forced). Sadly, the food was bland. Tasted like some one forgot to add seasonings or marinade to the meat. I'm definitely going back sometime. More so for the beer and not the food. Great job, guys.
4	Super solid. Every beer I've tried I've liked. Big guy rye was great and triple was very good.  Burgers are above average and the Flying Belgian Pig fry dish is crazy messy and super good.  Not so good for ya, but hey we're here to drink beer.  No crap on tap.  Drink local.  Service was excellent.
3	Decent food, but only drink if you like weirdness in your beer.We came on a Friday night. The place is tiny, but warm & hospitable. The food was actually pretty good. They serve pretzel bun burgers & chicken sandwiches. It's cooked well but nothing to write home about. The duck fat fries pretty much taste like regular fries. Pass the salt & ketchup because there's no seasoning or flavor to them other than a fried potato. They charge extra for those, too.But when we go to a brewery, we want to dig into the beer. That's what we go for, right? This place tries really hard to be different and set itself apart...too hard. In a word, the beer here is "presumptuous". The descriptions are lengthy and "out there" and you really have no idea what you're getting or what to expect. The servers are very friendly and do talk about the beer, but it's impossible to solidly describe these beers because you can't nail them down. We love good, honest craft beer and can appreciate a good brew even if it's not our favorite type. At this place, we didn't even finish them. It's not that they tasted bad, they just tasted...weird. Too weird. We tried a couple different beers each. After I got mine, I went back and re-read the descriptions on the list again. What I tasted was nothing like what I read, and I believe the reason why is that there is just soooo much going on in one brew that everything gets lost. Every beer is described as having more than a few high notes. Of course, when you try to do too much at once, what you end up with is cacophony.After reading a few other reviews of the place, I think the weirdness of the beer is what people are referring to as "trying to be hip & trendy". The atmosphere wasn't hipster at all. It was a nice, rustic beer joint, and the burgers aren't "fancy" or avant garde. There was a diverse group of people there, but where it fell into the "trendy" trap for us was the beer. There's a lot going on in the beer that you don't usually see in your average craft brewery...and maybe there's a reason why you don't usually see it. Also, we were told by another couple sitting across the high bar from us that the place rotates brews quite rapidly. I gather that means that even if we'd found something we liked, it might not be there next time, and we'd have to start the process over. In short, I would eat here again for sure, but I'd probably just have a Coke with it.
4	The food here is delicious and the beer is awesome.  The flights are served with decent sized pours, which is enough for my husband and I to share.  They definitely need to expand as it is always super busy.
5	I absolutely love their fries! Try the ones that come with brisket and beer cheese! Their beers are all delightful. The atmosphere is fun and laid back. Try it out on a Sunday morning!
4	I really enjoy this brewery! Great beer and really good food! I appreciate the great service and the casual environment. There is a small selextion of beer on tap and they can run out at times, but they always have something I like.  I really appreciate that this is a local business using resources from other local businesses. This place only opened a year ago...and I'm excited to see how the business grows.
4	Laid back atmosphere , and a place where you can actually have a conversation . Being an IPA kind of guy , went with their Refuge IPA - smooth , not too hoppy and didn't feel like at all 6.7% ABV , thumbs up overall !! Paired the beer with their chili pulled pork sliders , amazing stuff - HIGHLY RECOMMEND !! The only caveat about this place is it is lit up like the Cowboys Stadium , they seriously need to tone the lights down to give it more of a bar feel !!
5	Had the IPA which was classic, crisp and satisfied. The fries with rosemary and thyme were the perfect compliment. Our waiter remembered our names and was efficient, friendly and highly knowledgable about the beers they offered. I am going back and taking all of my friends who appreciate a delicious, local beer, great customer service and high-quality food.
5	I am always so impressed when visiting Arizona Wilderness Brewing Co. Their passion and dedication to brewing amazing craft beer using local ingredients show in their ever changing selection of beer. I must also mention, their food is superb and have never been disappointed! If all my fingers were thumbs...I would give AZW 10 thumbs-up! I love this place!
4	Ok beer,  but food is worth the trip here.  Just had wings with dry rub...  Wow!  Enjoy!
5	Service was excellent! It's a burger and beer place!! Character is down home! AZ trail burger was great the fries fresh. I don't give five stars as a rule. Meaning if not earned it isn't because the waitress is cute and friendly (which Erin was all that)! I also mean if this expectation isn't met my next visit it would change. So give them a try! Ask about menu modification and if something is right talk to the manager on duty!
2	Where do I begin...service was ok... Beer avg. food sucked except the confit wings.. wich were legs not wings.. really wanted to like it but growing up in the northwest knowing micro brew had me thinking amateur at best... No ambiance.. strip mall ..hipster service...  I won't be back. So much hype wilderness is my definition of underwhelmed.
5	Stopped in for a beer and dinner.  I everything was ridiculously delicious. The beer, the wings, the artichoke dip and a burger.  The service was awesome and the beer was unique and tasty.  I will be back to try a flight. Very excited about AZ Wilderness Company!
5	I came here with my boyfriend and we ordered flights (served in a tray cut out of a half log, in keeping with the wilderness theme) and burgers.  I really enjoyed the Goze, but also the oatmeal coffee stout and chocolate stouts were, by the standards of chocolate and coffee stouts, outstanding.  The fact that the beers are always rotating should make it an interesting place to come back to again and again.  The staff are knowledgeable about their beer and will take time to talk with you about it.  My mushroom beer cheese burger was awesome.  The waitress didn't ask how I wanted it done but the default was to cook it slightly rare which is what I like.
5	This Place changed my life!! no really!! I have never had "bar food" taste this great before!! This is bar fare at it's finest!!! The beer is outstanding and I believe that I am a better man now for having drank it!!! If you want a bud light and  crappy chicken wings then this is NOT the place for you!! expect the unexpected here!! the guy that sat next to us had been coming here for a while and mapped out the menu and beer for us. What a Great place!!! do yourself a favor and try EVERYTHING !! they also let you bring your dog to the outdoor seating!!!!
5	I give it a second chance , the stout is superb ....... One more time the food is delish , same great service , I defenetly be back for more
5	Wow! Food is so delicious . The wings are a must . They are the best wings I've ever had. There flight is the way to go. Awesome atmosphere . Service was great .
4	Wife and I lunched there last week and we'll definitely go back. They were mostly packed on a Wednesday which seemed like a good sign. Our choices are 90% local and these guys can compete with any brew pub/burger joint nationwide. Tho we didn't try a brew, many were. They brew it right there evidently and next time we'll take advantage of that as well. We split a burger, very tasty. The accompanying fries could have been crispier but they were very good. That brings us to the Frenched wings. Damn thems was good! A nice rub and a dip in the sweet and spicy sauce was finger lickin' good!! All 10 of them! I hope the management doesn't mind me outing their"wings" as the drumsticks they actually were. Not drummettes but actual drumsticks. The most tender drumsticks I've ever had. And my wife who never eats dark meat, besides wings, loved them too. Next time I won't be splitting my order, with anyone. Next time a home brew to wash those babies down too!
4	The beer is always phenomenal! The food is fantastic every time. I absolutely love the fact that the brews at house brews and are different basically every time  you go. The only complaint that I would have is that the tables are a little sticky every time that I have gone. Everybody that works there is clearly passionate about their job and brews!Definitely the place to go for a sampler!
5	Loved the flight of beers!! Great price and good beer! Food was amazing we both had burgers one chicken burger and a bacon burger both great! Very knowledgable staff and ya gotta love beards!!
4	Well, if you are really cool and have a beard and a trucker hat, come here on any afternoon, and you'll find your people.  The beer is ok.  I say OK, because they switch them out periodically, and some are hit or miss.  The burgers are amazing.  The decor is super cool, they have an Arizona hiking and outdoorsy theme.  It's pleasant, and there's no  music piped in to kill conversations.  It's really popular in the evening, so give it a try in the afternoon.  Make sure you wear skinny jeans and your wallet chain.
5	I love this place!! My favorite IPA for sure.
4	This place is awesome. Friendly atmosphere.  Only gave 4 stars bc 2 times I went they were out of the beer that I was hoping for and on weekends there is no way you are getting a table without waiting 30-35 mins.
4	Excellent hand crafted burgers.   Pretzel sticks were fantastic along with the beer mustard.   Homemade ketchup is a nice touch instead of the regular corn syrup type.  Arizona burger on pretzel bun with handcut bacon was awesome.    The Belgian wheat beer was very good.   Highly recommend.
5	Great food, great beer & great atmosphere. I'm here at least once a week!!
5	Great service, food and duck fat!!!! Love this place!
5	A friend and I went there for dinner for the first time this weekend and I loved it! The bartender gave us samples of all the different beers that they brew! And the food was delicious, we had the pulled pork sliders on a pretzel bun and fries! I would definitely recommend the food and the establishment all together! In fact I've already started telling friends about it!
5	BEST PLACE EVER!!!!!!!!Incredible beer.  I follow the brewers on Instagram.. They use all locally sourced ingredients when ever possible..Keep up the GREAT WORK!
5	Awesome food....had the breakfast burger, with pickled veggies, and pita & cucumber with hummus. Best burger I have ever eaten!
5	I tried Desert Eagle as it is closer, but when I get two growlers filled at a time I prefer the beer to be top notch. The IPA and the Enkel are extremely drinkable, from the atmosphere and my drinking experience I would say the rest of the beers hold their own among the best in their respective class or flavor profile. It was early afternoon on Sunday and the whole place was busy, lots of satisfied looking people.
5	OMG - I don't even like beer that much, but I LOVE this beer.  And the food is to live for!  SIX stars, at least.  Don't wait, GO!  And they're planning an expansion.
1	That was the most bland meal ever!  The green chili pork slider meat had no seasoning!  The local special was super bland too!  The beer cheese was again, BLAND!  Salt and pepper is needed on the tables to make the food better!  Soooo disappointed! Plus I was over charged for my food. Server was terrible....never brought the new itemized bill.  What an annoying night!
5	Beers are all really good. Impressed with them. Recommend. We got a flight and not a single beer was "bad".
4	Went in last night to check this place out. The first thing that hits you is the noise as it is a very popular place for the 20/30's crowed.  Also young families have a spot on the patio for the kids. I was having a slight misgiving until I tried their food and hand crafted beer.  I was blown away.My date and I have the wings (French confit style) and the Green Chile Pork sliders. First, the wings were out of this world. We generally get the dry rub and the kitchen did not disappoint. The meat just falls of the bone and has tremendous flavor. Next we tried the sliders and also were very impressed. Soft pretzel bun with very well cooked pull pork with just enough green chile to make it interesting.Now the beer.  BTW - no other alcohol is served. Just their beer. My date had the Superstition Coffee Stout which was extremely smooth and not too filling. I had the double Pale which was amber in color and full of flavor.We will be back, especially when my son visits from Atlanta.  He is a big beer aficionado and will enjoy this place immensely. The food just blew me away and we will also remember to get there early so we can sit outside.
5	Picacho Pecan Pie Ale is awesome! Not made often, so get it while you can!
5	Again I could go into a lot of different things but to really put it out there this place is on track and I say does it right! The feel the taste and the overall relaxed atmosphere it should be a point of destination for a burger and a beer! !! Give a try tell them I sent you!
5	I came here to meet up with some friends for lunch and this place is awesome! I felt a bit out of place at first, because I do not have a manly wilderness beard that most of the men in the establishment were displaying. But after this experience, I am on day 1 of growing one out. I tried the duck fat french fries with pork and beer cheese. Yes...you read that correctly. Duck, fat, fries, pork, beer, and cheese. It was very loud in there, so I couldn't actually hear the guy next to me getting fatter, but he was. In all honesty those fries might be the best I've ever had. My burger came out perfect and it was very tasty. I ordered the porter beer brewed with dates and it was smoother than a Michael Jackson album pre-1991. I am now currently in a food coma as I avoid work and write this Yelp review. The staff members were friendly, polite, and energetic. I would recommend this place for those that casually want to enjoy a fresh beer with lots of flavor, a meal that fills your stomach nicely, or as a pre-destination for those trying to psych themselves up before engaging in bear hunting.
5	There really is nothing more I can say, I am, and since they opened have been, a Wilderness Brewery groupie. My friend and I were driving down the street about a year and a half ago and saw the brewery. Walked up and the doors were locked and we noticed a sign that they were not open yet. As we walked away the owner opened the door and said that if we wanted beer they could serve us.From that day forward I have been there more times than I can think. I am there to try all their beers, which I will say are not always my favorite but damn am I glad they are doing something different than the standard four beers most breweries do. I could drink the Lil' Guy all day long. Their Refuge IPA is steller, and I love all their stouts and porters.Bar food here is top notch. I never considered myself a burger and fries guy until Wilderness brewery. I find myself craving their beer cheese and pulled pork fries all the damn time.My picture is on the wall. I bring everyone I can there whenever I can. I cannot recommend this place enough.
3	Not a bad place but I think its a bit overrated. The food was decent but bar'ish. Seemed like they were out of alot of menu items and beer. Overall I would come back but wouldnt be in a hurry to do so.
5	We decided to try AZ Wilderness Brewing Co to switch up our regular Saturday night. We invited another couple for dinner and drinks. The place was packed (as expected for a Saturday night) so we put our name in for a table and headed to the bar.  The bar staff was attentive and friendly, even offering samples of their beer offerings. We were seated within 20 minutes...patio is spacious and here's plus, you can bring your pet! Food is solid and service was perfectly timed. Amazing appetizers (meatloaf sliders and artichoke dip) and Rosemary fries that will make you weak in the knees. We enjoyed several hours on this patio catching up with our friends. We will absolutely return, a favorite spot to add to our list!
5	I can't say enough good things about the work these guys have been doing. Their beers are just phenomenal and get so much flavor. I think the best example of this is that I am not a sour beer fan but I try them from time to time, AZWBC maybe the only place where I have tried the sours and actually ordered a full beer; and not only that but I have done so multiple times.These guys are always coming up with new flavors for beer and the full range from sours to sweet stouts are incredible.For all the credit they get for their beers the food here is just as good and makes the whole experience complete. My favorite are the frenched wings, which are chicken wings but more done in the style of rack of lamb with the nice trimmed bone at the top to grab onto. They are amazingly flavorful (I like the sweet and spicy) and literally fall off the bone tender, like watch out tender because the bone can slide right out as the chicken just melts in your mouth. The sliders are also great. I also had the taco tuesday tacos last week and for a guy who isn't a fan of fruit in his food I loved the grilled pineapple with the curry chicken taco.Doesn't matter if you come for the beer or the food this place is a winner.
5	Were in the area and fond it on yelp... As soon as we walked in ..."CRAZY;  but we where soo Happy like they were pumping in Happy Gas...lol we sat at the bar with these big grins ...WE Loved it the Beer selection, and met one of the Master Brewers ..So nice Really a Bunch of Cute Guys ..The food was super great had the drummets..!?!? they were very tasty and the duck fat fries ..LOVED" and great burger ...Really it  was I'm a bit of a burger connoisseur ...Sad it is so far from us ...my husband wanted to go back like 2 days latter ..lol  and we defiantly will...Was a very HAPPY experience ...!!!! TRULY !!!!!!!
4	Stopped in today...only second time in 9 months...for shame!  Beertender was Adam...Fantastic Friendly chap!!  Very detailed and informative about my flight!!  One of the owners showed up during my visit, also a friendly guy!!  Liked what I saw, what I drank and the company today....definitely coming back!!  Thanks Az Wilderness!!
4	I came here with my husband, who is a beer fanatic. I ordered the veggie burger and chips. We also got the pretzels and beer cheese, which was amazing! Best cheese I've ever had! And he really loved the beers! He tried all of them in the flight thingy. I don't really drink beer, but I take his word for it.
4	My new favorite. Came for a craft brew, and fell in love with the food. The beer menu changes to keep you interested, and the food has been consistently good. Love the atmosphere in the evening on the patio, feels like your hanging out at a friends backyard party.
5	The beer is outstanding and the food is well prepared.  The confit chicken wings take bar food to a whole new level, they are finger licking good!  This was the second time I've tried one of the burgers and was equally impressed as the first.  We thought we arrived early enough on a Saturday (11:00 AM) but the place was already packed.  It makes sense because not only are the servers friendly but the patrons all couldn't be anymore happy-go-lucky.  Don't be fooled by the location, this place is more than worthy of a visit if one is hesitant about traveling to Gilbert.  Let's just say I have one more great Arizona brewery to add to the rotation.
5	Best burgers around! Service is always great, and the wait for a table is never as long as they say it will be. Upgrade to the duck fat fries, totally worth the $1 up charge. I also love how their beer list is ever changing, and I haven't had a problem finding one to enjoy with my meal yet. Green chile artichoke dip is also to die for.
5	Fantastic atmosphere and service, excellent food. Beers rotate regularly but they always have 5 or 6 on tap, and they make some very unique stuff. Come every week and try something new! Parking and seating can be tough on busy nights, but a major expansion is a few months away.
4	My new favorite. Came for a craft brew, and fell in love with the food.  The beer menu changes to keep you interested, and the food has been consistently good.  Love the atmosphere in the evening on the patio, feels like your hanging out at a friends backyard party.
2	I was honestly expecting this to be quite a bit better. Their Stout was bland and my mushroom cheeseburger, while good, lacked something. This place gets a lot of good reviews, and the service was pretty good, so I guess I'll just chalk it up to my personal taste. This is me whining. Wah!
2	Like another reviewer said,  bland! Was really hoping it lived up to the hype. Ordered what we thought were wings, as they were advertised that way on the menu. What we got was fried chicken with no flavor. And a warning to watch out for the tiny bones inside. Ok...Didn't even finish them. Thought the meatloaf sliders would be spicy since again, they were portrayed that way on the menu. Nope! Tasteless. Didn't finish them either. Chicken burger was ok but the fries were flavorless and soft. No salt or pepper on the table to help them out. Since there is only beer and a limited selection I had try finding one I liked. Would have loved an actual drink but not an option here.
5	Only 5 stars because yelp doesn't have 6!Pork on Pork burger with the duck fat fried fries.
4	I love everything Arizona, this place brings that love and the love of good beer together. I stuck with the Wabayuma Wit, an easy Belgian style beer brewed with a local tea.
5	Excellent.The flavorful beers alone merit 5 stars .. But add in the apps and bar fare and this place deserves 10 stars.Had a party of 6 .. Everyone was happy.  Head brewer spent time with my son in law who loves brewing.  The IPA and Imperial are as good as I've had here.This place is stupid good and I can't wait to go back.
5	We love Wilderness Brewery! It has quickly become one of our favorite date night places. The crew are all so friendly and the brew master is incredibly creative - and a bit crazy! The creativity in the beers is fantastic. SO excited for the expansion!
4	Great mico brew place, not as good as 4 peaks or stone though.
5	My new favorite. Came for a craft brew, and fell in love with the food.  The beer menu changes to keep you interested, and the food has been consistently good.  Love the atmosphere in the evening on the patio, feels like your hanging out at a friends backyard party.
4	My new favorite. Came for a craft brew, and fell in love with the food.  The beer menu changes to keep you interested, and the food has been consistently good.  Love the atmosphere in the evening on the patio, feels like your hanging out at a friends backyard party.
5	Aw damn, this place was amazing. If you aren't upgrading your chips to Belgian Fries, you are a chump! Live it up! The sophomoric IPA with the Green Chile Pulled Pork sandwich was like eating a dream. Love this place!
3	For a new Brewery the beer was good but not great. If you consider 4-peaks to be a 10 I would out this place at about a 6. They are new and have plenty of time to grow. On to the food and overall experience. Location - Different but not bad at all. right near a gas station and a out of biz fast food. Food- OK, it hyped to be a little better than it actually is. the wings are cut like lamb chops which gives this place a different type of flare. The duck fat fries are really nothing special.One thing that really bugged me was the paper plates and paper napkins. That really shows a disconnect from the ownership that is serving craft beer at high prices.Service was great and overall it was a good experience. I will be back. Recommend getting a groupon if you go
4	I am so glad we checked this place out! A few people from work had recommended it and I understand why, great beer, delicious food and awesome service. Our waiter took the time to explain all of the different beers to us and told us about the restaurant history and awards received. We had the beer flight and it was delicious, we were able to try 7 different beers. We also had two burgers, one was the burger Monday special, which was a jerk burger on brioche bun. It wasn't as spicy as I would have liked, but the flavors were great. My husband got the AZ trail burger on a pretzel bun that had a nice level of heat. I was very impressed with the quality of the burgers. We will definitely return!
5	I often complain that breweries either have good beer or good food - never both.  Arizona Wilderness is a welcome exception to this rule.  These guys are currently the most talked about brewery in Arizona, and for good reason.  They brew a wide range of beers, and the tap list is never the same.  I tried a sampler flight, which included 5 5 oz beers, and every one of them was good.  I even enjoyed the barleywine, a style I don't often appreciate. Even if I didn't drink beer (now that's a funny thought!), I would come here for the food.  The green chili pulled pork sliders are so good that I ate them two days in a row!  They are served on mini pretzel buns and topped with cheese.  I recommend getting them with pepper jack cheese and a side of beer-B-Q sauce.  The three sliders ($6.99) are filled with juicy pulled pork, and are more than enough for an entree.  If you want a side, the green salad ($5.99) tasted fresh and was more than enough for two.The atmosphere here is perfect - totally relaxed.  I just wish this place was closer to home!
5	Service was outstanding!! We started the meal off with the confit wings, which were delicious! Tried the oatmeal stout and peanut brittle beer both were really good. I had the mushroom and beer cheese burger and my husband had the Hawaiian wilderness both were excellent. We will definitely be returning.
5	Things Meg has a weakness for: 1) Delicious, local craft beer paired with2) Great food, and3) Dudes rocking some serious facial hair! *swoon*Looks like Arizona Wilderness fits the bill,  outdoorsy, relaxed atmosphere and all. And a short five minute drive from home, this can get real dangerous, real fast. I met longtime homegirl extraordinaire Missy F. for some quality gal time the night before Thanksgiving. Missy RAVED about the Pecan Pie Ale, so I was hoping it was still on tap. After a 15ish minute wait for a table, our server Matt informed us that it had officially gone to the casks for aging. Boo :( But he was kind enough to let us sample the Peloncillo Porter, fo' free. According to him, this was comparable with the PPA, rich on the spices. I think there was even a note of date in it. Enjoyed it so much I promptly ran out to my car to retrieve the empty growler I always have in the trunk for moments like this. Also, it should be noted that AW's beers are constantly on the rotation, so try not getting too attached.Of COURSE we couldn't be throwing down beers without some food to avoid a "White girl wasted" fiasco. We ordered ... 1) Flying Belgian Pig Oh my gosh, if you'rd going to order anything at AW please let it be this sinfully delicious concoction. Fries cooked in DUCK FAT, melt in your mouth pulled pork all smothered up in beer cheese.  2) Green Chili Pulled Pork SandwichI was pleasantly surprised with this one. I travel to New Mexico rather frequently for work, and finding that green chili outside of the Land of Enchantment just isn't the same. This sandwich didn't disappoint. Same quality pork from the Flying Belgian Pig, and some of the spiciest green chili I've had in town. AW may very well be in tough competition (well, at least in my book!) with two of my other favorite haunts down the street in Chandler.Whether it's for a beer flight, a bite to eat, or just to take in the sights (read: all those BEARDS), check it out. Know I'll most certainly be back for all three, especially that last one. ;) Well done, AW!
3	Yay to trying another brewery!! A lot of my fellow Yelpers gave such great reviews for this place so I had really high hopes and wanted to try it out. I ordered the good morning burger. This comes with cheese, bacon, egg over medium, roasted red peppers and onions. It also comes on a pretzel bun. It was really messy! Then again anything with an egg on it will be. Lol. I would've liked it better with an over easy egg. I felt it was also a bit dry and could've used some type of sauce in the burger. The pretzel bun must be their specialty because most of their burgers have this option which is a good idea. For the beer I ordered the peanut brittle beer. It was amazing! It literally tasted like peanut brittle! I really wanted to try the pecan pie ale that Joyce mentioned in her review but it wasn't on tap. I felt that for a brewery they should've had a bigger selection. There's only about 8 beers on tap. I didn't get to try the pecan pie and that amazing peanut brittle probably won't be there next time I come in. It's also a bit loud in there for my taste.
4	The place was packed full when we got there, so we grabbed a beer while we waited. I was pleased with their beer selection and taste was great (there beers change, so no sense in commenting on specific ones). Wait staff was friendly and corrected errors that they had made (which was a few, but they took care of it well!). Food is great, a little more expensive than what you would think food in a basket should cost. All around this place was great, the reason it doesn't get 5 stars is due to the fact that it is too small inside! Oh and instead of doing a slide show on some of your TVs, have a game going (like you do up at the bar).
5	Food, beer and service were amazing!  There were six of us and everyone loved it.  The food tends to have some unique aspects such as the chicken wings fried in duck fat.  We got the spicier ones which weren't overly spicy and not typical but really good and meaty.  Also, the sliders were served on a pretzel role, which definitely added to the flavor.  The only downside to the whole place might be the noise level, but we enjoyed our overall experience!
1	Hard to imagine worse service. Our server failed to enter our beer order and it took 40 minutes to be served - 10 after we reminded her. The other couple with us hadn't received their dinner 30 minutes after we were served - looks like she forgot to enter that one too.
5	So glad I found this brewery in AZ while visiting family!!! Just absolutely loved the beer! Loved the atmosphere! Loved the food!! Great place you will not be disappointed!!
3	Let me temper my review with the knowledge that I am not a beer drinker, but boyfriend and my friend visiting from out of town are.  Over all, even being a small microbrew place, every single beer was pretty heavy.  Not even one light offering for the less bold among us.  The foot was tasty but very difficult to eat.  My burger was a flavorful mess.  Would probably go again if we lived closer to try another batch of beer offerings.
5	Good food, mostly burgers, but the pork, cheese, fries goodness was delish. Salad was huge for $6. I tried the porter and was very happy with my choice. Cute with the charm 4 peaks used to have back in the day. I will definitely be back, this is my new favorite place.
4	We visit Arizona Wilderness Brewing Co whenever we are in Chandler, AZ . The food is absolutely incredible and the staff is always very attentive. We can always count on an excellent dinning experience when we come here.
4	Wonderful local brewery with rotating and creative tap lists using local ingredients from Arizona vendors, don't think I've had a single bad brew by them.
