3	The Pennsylvania Turnpike caught me on a good day. That is, its typically unbearable narrow and worn-down roadways cluttered with "wide loads" in various forms were temporarily mitigated by periodic signage noting "PA TURNPIKE: ALL TOLLS WAIVED."The suspected reason for the free ride? The other major highways in Pennsylvania are shut down due to persistent piles of snow. STILL. Hey, I'm not complaining.
2	So how can you write a review for the turnpike? Everyone hates it...and unfortunately I drive it frequently. Word of the wise...drive this road in the daytime, when it's not raining. You will thank me later for this advice...As mentioned by others, this road is not in the best shape. It seems like every couple of miles there's construction. Not anyone working on site...but hey, you still have to slow down. Another issue...most of the roadway is 55 mph. This drives me insane...because in certain spots it's 55, and in others it's 65. Luckily I haven't had any speeding tickets here...but my warning, be aware of your speed.The toll booth operators are ok, for the most part. You will get those with the evil attitudes. Like, I'm sorry I disturbed you...but lady you're the only one open. I'll make sure to sign up for EZ Pass so I can bypass you.And lastly...the price. So back when I was in college I frequented this road, from Pittsburgh to Philly and back. I believe the amount one way was between $12-15. Now...one way? Goodness I don't know the price...but let's put this in perspective. I now only drive the Pittsburgh/Breezewood route...and it's  $12.60 one way. And this isn't even the halfway point to Philly. In theory you can bypass the turnpike by driving I-80 but this road is impassable if it's snowing. And there aren't as many rest stops. So PA knows you have no choice...and will charge you whatever on the turnpike. FYI - prices are scheduled to go up Jan 1 2015. The toll booth operators are clueless as to how much the increase will be. One toll booth operator was snippy with me when I asked her. Oh well.
