3	This place has excellent reviews on Google, and last month I wanted to pamper myself to look good for my niece who was visiting.  I made an appointment for pedicure, facial, and hair styling and arrived in the morning.The person who was supposed to do my hair wasn't there yet, so I went to get my pedicure done first.  The lady who did my pedicure was nice and talkative, which I don't mind in a small salon like this one.  The nail area was separated from the hair area and only seated 4 at a time for pedicures and 2 tables for manicures.  The owner rents out rooms near the front to others who want to to nails for customers, too.  I thought that was interesting.  Unlike the usual asian nail salon, this place didn't take away any of the callous on my heels and simply lotioned and scrubbed my feet.  They do massage up to the knee, too, which is nice, but I wanted the callous to be removed entirely and for some reason this particular lady didn't do it.  Weird.  Next was the facial.  The lady who did my facial was fantastic and really sweet.  That experience was a positive one. The facial was relaxing, done slowly and with great smelling products.  I even had some waxing done and that's where the problems are for me.  For some reason this particular spa place had something that made me break out on my face with itchy red bumps later on in the evening.  The bumps lasted for three days.  Although they said they use hypo-allergenic stuff, I was allergic to something, so if you have sensitive skin you may not want to do their facials.Lastly was shampoo, cut and style.  The owner did it herself and she did a nice job. She actually gave me a nice cut and a scalp massage during the hair washing.  It was good and i liked the style.  At the end of the experience my bill was 300 dollars.  It was quite costly for a spa outside of the strip.  I did purchase a few lotions and a facial cleanser that cost around 90 alone.  If you want a haircut or your manicure done, this will be the place, otherwise if you have sensitive skin and want to save money on your pedi, go somewhere else.  I did enjoy the entire experience because it was relaxing, but it wasn't anything memorable to where I would go back as a regular.
2	Recently hurt my back at work and was looking for a nice relaxing therapeutic massage and a pedicure (cant bend to do my own toes). First I had the massage, and this is where the low rating comes from. First she asked if I like stone massage I told her no, I live in Vegas and its June plus I want my muscles worked not just heat applied. unfortunately she did not listen and gave me a Hot stone massage. Through the massage she did a few things that freaked me out, made me laugh and i just wanted it over. Looking back I should have ended the massage, and after watching how she washed her stones while getting the pedicure I regret not ending it. Ill leave it at that.  Pedicure was ok, Cayla was very nice and we chatted and it was overall a nice experience.
4	Bought a Living Social coupon and it was the only reason I would have tried this place. The exterior leaves something to be desired, but don't judge this place by the surroundings or the exterior decor. All the staff members were super nice and very attentive. Even after my treatments were complete they made sure I had anything I needed (water, tea, food, etc..) Had a wonderful massage and the therapist was very conscious of the areas that needed extra attention as well as pressure. The aesthetician was so sweet as well. She mentioned that the facial my package provided me did not include extractions, but since I only had a few areas that need some love she included the extraction process for free. The only thing lacking in is the nail room. Instead of the individual chairs that I'm used to it was a bench with seating for four. A little weird and I didn't really like it, but probably because I'm not used to it. You can get a good massage and facial anywhere, but the staff really make your experience that much more enjoyable. You can tell that everyone likes working there. This place is a diamond in the rough for sure!
1	I've attended this spa a few times before. I adore the Aesthetician, Julie, she's amazing. By the end of my facial my skin felt clean and I was 100% relaxed and falling asleep. I got the deal through Living Social so I also had an hour massage that I was greatly looking forward to. The massage therapist I got was blind and her name is Evon. I had let Evon know that I was extremely sensitive to the touch and that she need not use a lot of pressure--she ignored this and really ripped at my skin. It was a very uncomfortable situation all together. The oils that she used on my back were strongly scented and burned my skin. The massage lasted about 10-15 minutes before I just couldn't take it any longer. I told her that I needed to excuse myself to go to the bathroom. She grabbed the robe off the back of the door, opened the door and held the robe close to her. I couldn't reach it (informed her so) and was left having to cover my breast with my hands and go for the robe. Evon's Husband was sitting right outside the door. I saw him immediately. It was immensely embarrassing. I left the room and saw the Aesthetician, Julie. I told her what was going on and that my massage was horrible and asked what I should do about the matter. She told me that she would take care of it. Julie did indeed take care of it in the most professional manner I've seen from this salon. I was immediately taken into her room where she cleaned my back. Told me that the Spa would reschedule me for a full massage for another time and that she was deeply sorry for the unpleasant experience. When I called to reschedule, Pam (the manager), said that I'd be receiving a 20-30 minute massage and pretty much that she would not honor that agreement. I carefully explained the full detail of events and occrences, as well as my several (costly visits) to their spa While some of the staff is very friendly and pleasant the Manager has no intentions of taking care of their guests and because of Pam's terrible service I will never return or recommend this spa again which is a shame because Julie, the woman who did my facial, is awesome.
2	Seems that Living Social has quite a few coupons that it has for Cloud 9. I too purchased a coupon for Brazilian and eyebrow waxing.First, appearance....when I drove up to the location, I got a pit in my stomach and got nervous that this wasn't going to be a good experience. The place looks like it's in the middle of construction. I understand doing a "face lift" to your store, but a nice note that says "please pardon our dust" or at the very least make sure all the other areas that are visible upon entering are well maintained. Second, customer service & services rendered. I was asked to arrive 15 minutes early and the place was closed. My appointment was at 10am, the door said they open on Sundays at 10am. I left because the doors were locked and called to make sure I had the right location. A man answered and confirmed the address and cross streets. When I returned, the door was unlocked and there were two other people in the waiting area filling out paper work. The man working on the lighting had to go to the back and get someone to help me. Myra came out, I gave her my name and she apologized and said she was still setting up for me and it would be a few moments. I only waited about five minutes....so that wasn't so bad. I was taken to the back rooms were services are done and I was quite impressed on how nice it looked. I took a chance and asked if we were able to squeeze in waxing for my underarms. I understood if she was busy, but thought I'd give it a whirl. Myra was great and said it wouldn't be a problem. I was in room 4 and I couldn't help but notice how dimly lit the room was. When Myra walked over to the lamp, I thought I would be alleviated, but to no avail. Yes, the room got brighter, but only on the other side of the room. It was still quite dim where my services were being done. She said we would do my eyebrows first. She had me sit up for this process. I've never heard of such a thing. She did a good job, but what if wax dropped onto my clothes? I usually get my eyebrows threaded, but this service came in the package. She did my underarms. Quick and virtually painless. My Brazilian took nearly 45 minutes. I don't know about you, but that isn't the most comfortable of services and that was just way too long. The wax wasn't cooperating, I guess....but where I usually go, they have a strict 15 minute policy. In, wax, done and out. I didn't go there because I moved and it's way on the other side of town....I think my old place will be worth the drive. Also, they have a blind massage therapist, which is fine, but she kept interrupting my services for things she needed. There needs to be someone on hand that can assist her instead of having another client's services interrupted. Finally, the clean up, payment and overall conclusion. I've gone to many waxing salons. I have never had the person waxing me stay in the room as I dressed. It wasn't weird to the point where she was watching me dress, she was cleaning up the work area...but generally they leave the room and let you get dressed. She walked me out and informed me that since I bought the Living Social coupon, if I rebook those services, I'd receive 25% off. Sounds good, but I wouldn't put myself through that again. Most of that time I was watching the clock wishing for it to go by quicker. I paid for my additional waxing (which they did discount as well) and tipped Myra pretty well. Most of my gripes aren't with her, they are more the store in general....not her fault. From what I've read in previous posts....looks like they need new management/owners.
5	My husband and I went to Cloud 9 for our anniversary and absolutely loved it!  Julie, did a great job on my facial; my skin was absolutely glowing and felt amazing.  In the past, I hadn't been a big fan of facials because I always felt like I was getting inspected; however, Julie nearly put me to sleep during the facial and completely changed my mind about them. Janet also changed my mind on hot stones  massages, doing a completely unique style that felt amazing and got all of the knots out of my body.  We had a great time and they scheduled us perfectly to get in at the same time, swap rooms, and then finish with pedicures together.
5	My wife took me to Cloud 9 for our anniversary.  I had never had a facial or pedicure, so I was interested to try both, as well as get a massage.  I started with the massage and it was so relaxing that I fell asleep on the massage table.  The facial was definitely more relaxing than I had anticipated and I can see why it is that women get them so often; my skin felt so refreshed afterwards!  I was the most excited about the pedicure because I have a lot of cracks in my feet that are impossible to get rid of, no matter how many products I try.  They were able to get my feet almost completely smooth and I booked another pedicure for two weeks from now.
1	My sister purchased a livingsocial voucher for me as a birthday present.We both went today and both left feeling like we were better off before we went in.My sister made the appointment a month ago and it was for a facial, massage and pedicure.  We were expecting a call to confirm the appointment yesterday but no one had called, hmmm, not very professional...We went in and the majority of the "spa" is a hair salon, I'm not too fond of hair salons calling themselves a "spa" just because they have a couple of massage and facial rooms, but whatever, we'll see how the staff is...We both got massages first and I got the blind lady, Evon.  I read the other yelp reviews before heading in but I had also gotten massages by blind people in China, which were awesome, so I went in with an open mind.  She was nice and had a good energy but her technique was not refined.  Her strokes were short and clumsy and I don't think she even has a massage license (I didn't have the heart to ask).  She tried getting the pressure points, but missed, she didn't really know how to get rid of my huge shoulder knot and I kind of just wanted the massage to be over.  She was quick on each of the body parts and she had this kind of timer device that she checked periodically and when she realized that there's still plenty of time left, she would find a body part to massage.  It was like child's play massage.  When I left the room, her husband wasn't sitting out in the waiting area like another yelper had mentioned before, but he was in the salon because I heard him later on.So there was some mix up with my appointment because instead of getting a facial right after my massage, I was taken in for my pedicure.  The lady, Tanya was a little off.  She didn't have me pick out my nail color first, and she had me soaking in the water too long because she had to finish up with someone else.  My feet were so pruney that I think she cut my skin while cutting my nails but it's hard for me to tell.  She didn't ask how I liked my nails cut and made them round when I like them square.  Her painting job was amateur to say the least, there's paint all over my cuticles and skin.  She was nice but I'm paying for a service to be done properly.  My paint job was better than this one, I'm really tempted to just remove the color so I can re-do it myself.  Tanya was also talking to me for so long that she didn't watch the time and we were going over.Julie then took me in for my facial and she was very polite and professional - she apologized for the mix-up, the regular receptionist is away getting married or something, so hence the confusion.  She also apologized for Tanya and also for her daughter that had come to hang out at the salon.  Julie's facial was good, she put me to sleep at one point, so that's a good sign.I like small businesses because 90% of businesses are small businesses, however, I don't like small businesses that doesn't focus on the customer - because, hello, that's who's paying the bills!  Gotta cater to the customers so they will come back.
1	I Wish I Never Went There. Right when you walk in it's a hair salon that's a No No it's call a SPA not Hair salon. It smelled, workers just out in the open eating & watching tv not very professional. Got the Living Social deal. Massage, facial & pedicure. Made the appt about a month early. When making my appt the receptionist was like yea yea didn't answer my questions or seem to care what I was saying. Got annoyed but didn't really care because I was like wow it's a good deal. (they seem to always be having deals there, signs are posted outside be4 u go in) Boy was I WRONG~! No one ever call back to confirm my appt. I had to call them and the receptionist was like yea I got you down & hang up. =\ Massage: She didn't ask me if I wanted oil or lotion and to see if I'm allergic to anything she is using. The lady didn't seen like she knew what she was doing. She just kept putting oil on my body and when I asked her to use more presser she got out a hand rolling thing that you use at home =\ I was just like OMG No she didn't. Then her cd player kept messing up so she had to keep fixing it.Facial: Julie was nice, the facial was the only thing I kind of like from this whole bad experience. I told her my pores are tiny and need extra steaming she can do extraction. But she didn't put the steamer in the right area. So she barely did any extraction. She couldn't tie the towel around my head very well because it kept falling off and she kept playing around with it. Pedicure: She was running late. Her daughter was there talking up a storm. Don't like the area its a huge bench not individuals area. No Jets in the sink. She didn't ask me to pick a color until after she was almost done. She didn't ask me how I would like my nails to be cut or even if I wanted to cut them. She cut all my cuticles. When she wipe nail polish remover on my nails all my toes was burning =( I was trying to read a magazine and she kept talking to me about her life and her daughter kept asking me questions. Then next door I hear the hair washing people talking very load because there is a window on the wall. This wasn't a relaxing experience from the beginning. If you paid me, I will still Never Ever go back again!!!!!  STAY FAR AWAY~!
1	I flagged this business when I bought a living social deal (massage/facial/pedicure) there last year.  I agree with the others that the facial was very good, really the only good thing about the whole experience. But I wouldn't go back if they were giving services away.  The massage was with the blind girl, which I thought may actually make her even better, since her senses would be heightened, but she WOULDN'T STOP TALKING!! About her husband, her nephew/niece, her apartment...blah, blah blah! I was really awkward to try to not respond too much to try to end a conversation, but she liked to gab.  I actually thought I was on candid camera or it was some joke, it was so weird.  The facial was very nice, totally greased up my hair though with oils, but I didn't care that much, and I fell asleep- very relaxing. The pedicure is on a long, uncomfortable bench. The pedicure room is right next to a break room some employee room because one of the employees wouldn't stop talking about her cheerleader daughter and some story with a guy, and continued to man-bash for pretty much the entire pedicure. Absolutely not relaxing and the pedicure was sloppy. I went and scheduled another a week later with my regular pedicure spa just because I couldn't stand to look at my toe nails and the sloppy trim and polish job. This was supposed to be a treat I don't get to do too many times with 2 little kids. It was awful and it took over 3 hours, which normally would be a good thing if you enjoyed it.  I cannot believe living social keeps offering deals with this business with all the crummy reviews. You will leave completely disheartened.
3	The only reason this place even gets 3 stars is because of Evon, the blind therapist. I think she's gotten a bad rap on here. I'm also a massage therapist n I thought she was great. She got out a huge knot in my back, helped w an issue I've had in my neck recently, n even came in to accommodate my schedule. The salon/ spa itself is a joke. I received a massage here as a gift someone bought through groupon, had the person actually gone to the place they would not have bought it here because it's a bit of a hole in the wall n not really anything above a super cuts. While waiting for my appt the ridiculously strong smell of solutions was overwhelming n gave me a headache. One of the hair stylists kid came busting in the door w a couple of her friends saying holy sh*t as she walked through the reception area, as she walked through the open salon floor toward her mom f*ck also clearly came out of her mouth. By no means am I a prude when it comes to language, but a place of business like that is not the place especially when the stylist who had a client in her chair at the time in no way even acknowledge it as something that shouldn't have been said. The chemical smell is not in the massage area thankfully n everything as far as the massage went was great. The only thing I'd say w that is that I wasnt informed Evon was blind by anyone there (I knew from reviews on here). It wouldn't have mattered to me either way, but I feel like that's something they should give people a heads up about. Upon leaving my appt I stopped at the counter to see if I could put a tip for her on my card since I had no cash n I literally stood there for 2 mins before I finally said excuse me is the receptionist or anyone still here to the stylist who can clearly see the desk from her station. She then said ummmm, I think so n called a girl up. So, overall massage = GREAT... Overall establishment = AWFUL
1	My appointment wan on 8/11/12 - When I arrived a young lady greeted me and offered me water she was very pleasant.  However, the people behind her I believe to be hair stylist were chatting rather loudly about personal issues and eating at their stations.   My appointment was at 1pm for a massage with Christine.   I receive a voice mail the day before to confirm my 1pm appointment - (I still have the voice mail), I arrived little before 1pm, I filled out paper work and waited half an hour for my appointment. At 1:30 Christine finally came out to get me. She asked what kind of massage I wanted and what my problem area was. Told her I bought and wanted deep tissue, my neck and shoulders were problem areas. She immediately told me that with a deep tissue massage "something will be left out"-I was surprised by her comment because I've never been told this before. I asked her to get my entire body. Unfortunately, she spent ALL her time on my neck and shoulders, she did a great job, but I did not get the massage experience I went there for. As the massage hour came to an end she said I had a few minutes left-so do I want a scalp or feet massage? I chose feet . I was extremely disappointed with the massage, she didn't get my legs or scalp no one apologized for making me wait no one even acknowledged it. I will never return or recommend this spa. Worst spa experience ever, too bad since its so close to home. I decided to finally write this review  because I emailed Cloud 9 to give them an opportunity to at least speak to me about my experience, but after almost two month it is obvious the owners JUST DON'T CARE!!!!
1	A big no way here.  can you give a rating of minus?New to town and yelpLast week met a lady at Capriottis who told me about Groupon.After moving really needed a mani/pedi .. signed up for Groupon and got a $29 for $65 SPA Mani/Pedi .. jumped on it!Wished I had read the other reviews of this place first ..Left seriously disappointed and will definitely not be back.
1	If you could give negative stars I would. I had purchased a groupon for here and made an appoinment when I showed up they were quick to redeem my groupon and then told me my appointment was in an hour and that I could leave and come back becuase there was no one to help me. I suggest not going here unless you like to pay money and get crap service.
4	All the services offers are good here
4	Nice people. As good of facilities as Dolphin Court or Euphoria.  The owner, Pam, is VERY friendly.
3	First of all, I will say it's not a real spa atmosphere when you walk through the doors. It looks like a hair salon.  When we walked in there My husband said, did you look this place up before you bought the groupon?. Honestly I didn't because I bought the wrong groupon. So we had no choice but to use it. I will say once I walked in the door to the massage room, it looked cozy and the smell of aromatherapy filled the room. I had a massage by Casey right after my husband so I figured she would be a little weak for another deep tissue back to back.  I will say she did get a few knots out and I feel better today but I felt like I got more of a Swedish than deep tissue. My husband said she was really good and enjoyed it because she took a few of his knots out too. I thought she was okay. Also make a note that you can't add services when you get there.  The lady at front desk said they are short staffed on Monday's so no one was there to do a pedicure.  Would I go back? Probably not because it's far from my house, but if I lived closer no because I like places that give you the real spa experience. I think you should try this place out using a groupon to see if you like it. Based on past reviews customer service has improved!
