5	A great hole in the wall restaurant. I've been coming here with my friends for years since high school. The food is delicious and fairly priced. The owners are very friendly and welcoming. I have no idea what the previous reviewer is talking about because there is no buffet at Silver Palace.
4	This has been our go to place for Chinese food, mostly because we support family run businesses, and because it's good. The whole family is friendly, and welcoming, and their various dishes have been hits. My favorites have been their Szechuan spicy tofu, Beef Broccoli, and their beef fried rice. They have one of the better tasting Hot and Sour soups in the area, and their steamed dumplings are tasty, filled with a ground pork mixture, and if it's not pork, it's still tasty!Most of our orders are take out, but they do offer free delivery. Getting into and out of the parking lot can be tricky, but it's worth it.
4	I have been going to this place for as long as I can remember. Its a family-run type of place. I remember when one of the owners was newly married - then pregnant - then her son was running around the restaurant - and then he was server - then he did deliveries....  Its kind of nice to see a family business like this. Its not too common anymore!The food is actually really good!! I love Chinese food and always try to go get chinese food from unique places and this place is on par with some of the best I've had in San Francisco and Chicago's China Town areas. The shrimp in lobster sauce is amazing. :) They have a private parking lot and are very easy to find, its an old converted brick house right on 88. Enjoy!
1	Meh. This is not my kind of place. The food always seems oily or greasy and doesn't taste that good. Plus they have yellow fried rice. That is a big NO NO for me. It is kind of like mushed cardboard. I don't like it at all. I haven't eaten here in a while and i don't think i will start anytime soon.
5	Best Crab Rangoon! Haven't had a bad meal from there yet. Fast delivery.
4	Had dinner here the other night and it was lovely. The dragon phoenix soup was amazing, the service was wonderful, we'll definitely be going back.
