5	Two reports: Thursday, May 24 and Saturday, May 26. We had a party bus for both evenings. One of the vehicles had a stripper pole in the middle of the vehicle and the other did not. The Thursday driver was new to the Elite team.  Honestly the employee needed more work and after speaking to Alan (the owner) he was receptive to my feedback. What happened: no cups or glassware or ice in the buckets. The Saturday driver (Duke) was awesome. He was on time, on point and just understood the vibe of the night.  He got an excellent 40% tip too. Overall in three experiences - two excellent (one last year too) and one not so great. Your driver will make or break your time. The vehicles are all very well conditioned. I would recommend this company, but again it is the driver who makes or breaks the overall experience. You can bring your own booze and you can stop off at the store as well. You can ask for Alan and he will take care of you. I will use this company again for my next event.  Note: Last year - we used the Kong vehicle and that worked well too. It just depends on what you are trying to accomplish in your scene.
5	if you want the baddest rides then ask for the inferno
5	Elite Limousines are always my go to guys! I book a lot of bachelor and bachelorette parties and always recommend arriving in style so I'm ofen in need of limos and party buses.   I have never called the company directly or set up a ride though the website because one of my regular drivers works here so I just go through him directly and his name is Drew (if you need his contact info let me know).   Drew is one of my favorite limo drivers in Vegas and I have been calling on him for the past 2 years. He is always willing to help :) Whether he personally comes and takes care of us in his F-650, 24 passenger or calls on another driver to take care of the ride, I'm always happy. Trust me I have been through my share of shady drivers in this town and want to help you out if I can!  Did I mention that the vehicle is like a party on wheels! Equiped with a mini stripper pole, lights, music, and video! Oh and he is on time 95% of the time and calls if he is running late (traffic can be a pain).
5	Elite provided our transportation to the Valley of Fire for our afternoon wedding.  The bus was great and on time.  They even stocked it with the champagne I dropped off the day before, and decorated the party pole for me.  Duke was our driver, and he is amazing!  He thought through everything, was helpful, professional, and fun.  I highly recommend Elite.
5	Nico Kasper, our limo driver is the best! A super Pro with a smile so bright! Picked us at the Bellagio on time and whisked us away  to the Palazzo. Vegas Kelly, the best indie concierge hooked it all up for us.
5	Haven't even booked with them yet and I already want to write and AMAZING review about them! Stephanie helped me over the phone, she was incredibly friendly and informative! Answered all my questions and they have GREAT RATES! She is trying to move things around so I can book with her! FABULOUS company!!
5	I could not have wished for a better limo transportation agency!! Elite Transportation certainly lives up to it's name and I will be eternally grateful for the service they provided for us during my best friend's weekend bachelorette party in Las Vegas. Alan (owner), Nico (main driver), and Stephanie (representative/admin) provided me with the best services in every way. Reasonably great rates, professional & respectful staff, and they made the entire reservation process a very smooth one for me. Loved them in every way. You'll be thankful to have used their services for your transportation needs in Vegas!!Nico was the most respectful and professional driver I've ever had for any large party. With a group of 11 girls during the weekend, it wasn't easy coordinating with everyone to be punctual when it was time to be picked up or dropped off at desired locations, but Nico was so patient and so kind in accommodating our chaotic schedules in every way! We booked the pink "Kong" limo for 2 nights and loved it!!! Our Vegas weekend wouldn't have been the same without Elite Transportation!! THANK YOU!!!!CASH OR CREDIT CARDS ONLY!!
5	**Before you begin reading, please imagine 500 more stars shooting out of the 5 I am permitted to give.**This past weekend, Nico, Alan, and Elite Transportation provided me with the absolute best customer service I have ever experienced, ever ever. We are on our last day here, and still can't get 10 minutes without someone wistfully saying, "That was the FUNNEST night..."When I began my quest for a party-friendly vehicle that would comfortably house 22 bachelorette-going ladies for an evening, I was met with a lot of drama.  Attitude, exorbitant minimums, and plenty of unreturned phone calls made me wonder if we were going to be stuck on The Deuce. (!!)  I really wanted the glory of landing the perfect arrangement for the bride-to-be, and with a friend's recommendation, I made my last-attempt call.  It was clear from the moment Alan answered that he valued my business, took me seriously as a client, and respected each and every request I made.  Never once was I placed on hold, or made to feel like an inconvenience; rather, was given our driver Nico's direct cell number to discuss exact specifics and vehicle options.  After what I had been through to get to this point, I almost cried with relief!Over the weeks that followed, Nico texted me photos of the vehicles he thought would work best, let me change my mind no less than thrice, and generally reassured me that I had made the very best choice.  Unbelievable service, just this part.  The thoroughness with which he communicated was extraordinary. And so appreciated!Night-of festivities began with Nico texting that he would be there exactly at the time we had chosen, which he was- fully stocked with ice and go-cups for our use.  He was absolutely adorable, polite, gracious, and PATIENT.  We asked him to return to our condos when things were forgotten (pack of 22= unavoidable), make multiple pee stops, and when one of us had to have gas-station sushi, he didn't even flinch at the request to stop ONE MO TIME. For everything above, and a cute factor of a million (those German cheeks, srsly), we are already trying to coerce other girls into marrying up just so we can come back and hang out with Nico for a night.  Thank you, Elite, for an unforgettable experience!!
5	I went to vegas last year in February. 2012. I went for my friends bachelor party. We winged the whole weeekend. We stayed at the planet hollywood. Great hotel. It was 12 of us in total. We arrived to the taxi and realized we needed about 3-4 taxis for all of us. Not worth it. That is where we met Nico. We hired Nico for the night. He treated us like family. Amazing guy who loves his job. Our night was perfect thanks to Nico. He gave us rides the whole weekend. Best driver in Vegas hands down! Worth every penny. Thank you so much Nico. We will see you in May. If you dont drive us, no one else will. Thank you so much!
5	Nothing better than cruising the strip in a monster sized pink limo! We hired Elite for our friends B-day party and it couldn't have been more perfect! Our driver Nico was spot on perfect and really took care of us. I can't wait to use them again. If you want the absolute best in Limo transportation and fun hire Elite. If you want the best driver in Las Vegas ask for Nico!!
5	Excellence at it's best. I am the owner of My Guy In Las Vegas, a VIP concierge service and had an American Idol contestant as my client a few weeks back. I called Nico, booked their F650 limo the entire weekend and it was the best decision I made. Clients were extremely happy and impressed, Nico Kasper was very professional, came on time every time, did an excellent job setting up the schedules, giving recommendations and came through with everything I requested.  I highly recommend the F650, ask for Nico, you guys will love it, ENJOY!
5	I own a big adventure company out here in Las Vegas (www.vore.com) and used to use many different transportation companies. After meeting Alan and using Elite i would never even consider using another company besides Elite Limos. Alan and his crew provides superb  services and are beyond first class. I trust them with my very high end clientele and every time i have used them only extremely good comments follow.Elite transportation is by far the best transportation company in Las Vegas! On top of it all they have the best vehicles in town!
5	Driver was SO nice and took great care of us! Good price. Clean vehicle. Easy to work with, schedule and get ahold of. I will use these guys every year I come back.
1	Just a terrible experience. Not only did the air conditioning not work but the driver was unapologetic about it making it seem as if we were the ones who were being unreasonable. He offered no discount even though we all had to crowd by the front where it was a little cooler. Just horribly handled on their end and I wouldn't recommend this company to anyone.
5	If your looking to make an entrance Elite will help you do just that. We've never seen limos this big. There's even stripper poles in a few of them. They are always on time and very courteous. Drew has been taking care of our limo needs for 2 years now and he's great. But so are the rest of the staff that we've had the pleasure of meeting. Biggest bang for your buck!
5	Once again, Nico and Elite made a weekend in Vegas awesomely memorable!! After someone exploded a can of Counter Assault bear spray outside our suite, and we were politely evacuated with gas masks, we desperately needed to turn the beat around.  One call later, and we were on our way to a much better time :)  Nico swept us away to an excellent meal, took us clubbing, and even returned shoes that didn't make it through our night of demanding dance moves.  Whatta man.
5	AWESOME.  I am a control freak (to say it conservatively).  Alan and Stephanie at Elite handled all my questions and requests for our event professionally and in a timely manner.  We rented out Big Daddy - their largest party bus for our group of 31 people for my husband's 40th birthday party on 11-2-13.  We all came in from out of town, so the potential for our night being ruined was very high.  Having been on party buses before where the sound did not work or they were late or whatever, I was nervous about this all shaking out perfectly....and I tend to have high expectations when throwing a party.John was our driver.  He picked us up at MGM on time and took us to the stops we wanted (Peppermill and Mix) and even to the Las Vegas sign for a great group photo.  Our group's theme was 70's Disco, so John had a Disco mix waiting on the sound system for us.  He did absolutely everything we asked and even checked the sound system before coming to get us (to ensure it was working - my biggest fear).  Billing, scheduling,... everything went perfectly.  We even rented the bus for an additional 30 minutes since we wanted to keep the party going.  EXCELLENT experience and would highly recommend!  Thanks guys!!
5	I found Elite Transportation through Yelp since it had so many great reviews.  This company DID NOT disappoint!  Setting up the bus was easy; all they needed was your name, the time of pick-up and location, and a credit card number as a deposit (they don't charge the card).  They accept cash and credit cards.  I opted to do a one-hour bus-ride around the Strip in one of their awesome party busses (it fit 26-28 people and we had 19 people along for the ride).  Justin was very patient with us as we were running late and was very detailed with the description of how things worked, payment process, and etc.  you can use your own music using the auxillary cord or their music, which was pretty much AT40.  You pay at the beginning, and it was about $160 per hour without gratuity for our particular party bus, which was very reasonable compared to other companies I researched - and the service was exquisite and completely professional!  They provide cups and ice for you, so you need to bring your own alcohol.   Justin drove us around the Strip, stopped at the Welcome to Las Vegas sign so we can photos and even took the pictures for us, and then drove us around the Strip some more and dropped us off at our final destination at Mandalay Bay.  Throughout the whole process he was cool and collected and offered to take pictures for us.  The ride was not bumpy at all and we had SO much fun!  My only regret was riding around for only 1 hour instead of 2 since it was so much excitement and fun.  We had a stripper pole in our party bus, and the guys were having a ball with it.  It was the fastest hour of my life!  If you need a party bus, this is the pace for it, and Justin is your man!  He even offered to pick us up if we needed a ride back and even called me back to make sure we were ok with our transportation needs.  He's an all-around awesome driver, and if I go back to Vegas again to do something like this, I'll be using Elite again for sure.Fun times to be had with Elite Transportation!
4	I was skeptical about a party bus but the customer service was awesome! We were able to book some seats for the next night and she even gave us the groupon deal without us having to actually go through the groupon process.It was super nice that we got to bypass all the lines, especially in Vegas! And our host was so funny, down-to-earth, and just full of energy. We started out at Revolution and walked over to 1 Oak, both inside the Mirage. And then we took the bus to Haze (my favorite of the night), and finished off at Pure in Caesar's. We got to spend about an hour or so in each so it was nice.The only reason I took down one star because the bus was overpacked so there wasn't enough seating for about 6 other people. I don't know if it's because they expected some of us to stand or dance on the stripper poles but my feet were hurting! So all I wanted to do was sit and enjoy my drink before we got to the next club. :) some of the other girls did start to dance on the poles so I guess you could say, we also got a show with our ride!!Overall, great experience. Easy-going company. I would recommend this to anyone.
5	I have to start by saying that we were taken care of right from start to finish! Professional, courteous and timely!Stephanie was funny and so helpful! She worked out a great deal for us! Justin our driver was supeeer nice!The party bus was uh-mazing!!!The whole experience was fun and stress free! I highly recommend them and will definitely use them for future event!!
5	Had so much fun on the party bus! Our driver Eddie was the best, he knew where to take us to get the perfect wedding pictures.
5	Wonderful company!!  It was a pleasure working with Stephanie and our driver Billy was amazing!!!Thanks Elite!
5	If you are looking for a great transportation company in LV, Elite will deliver! They are very easy to communicate with and their fleet is ridiculous! If you want the ride of your life though, ask for Inferno!
5	Best Time Ever!!!! First off, making the reservation with Stephanie was super easy! We used the party bus as an after wedding party and it was so much fun!! We got the biggest bus "Big Daddy" which was for 35 people. Mike was our driver and he was awesome! I called him an hour before our initial pick up time and asked him if he could come a half hour later and he had no problem with that!!  He arrived on time and texted me when he was downstairs. When our party got on the bus, it was obvious we were over capacity by a few people, but Mike was so cool, he said we couldn't leave anyone behind!! The ice was stocked, the AC was on, and the music was blasting! We told Mike we wanted to take pictures around Vegas and we let him do his thing....he knew all the best spots for pictures! He even dealt with our end of the nigh drunk drama. He was accommodating and cool with everything!! I'm am so happy with the service they provided!! Thanks a bunch!!
5	I love Elite Transportation!! I've been on their party buses and their 4x4 limos and they are definitely the best in town! Plus being a total girly girl, they have the only pink limo in town, which I totally love!! Thanks so much for all the fun Elite Transportation!!
5	I used this service for my husbands 25th birthday ( i know were young lol ) I booked the inferno as a surprise, they were so helpful in planning this and very accommodating anything i needed they were there to help ! I requested they play wutang when they drove up being my husbands favorite and they were on point with this ! he was in shock definitely was a great surprise. I payed 180.00 for the hour which i think was a steal ! great service at a great price ! upon walking in the inferno the driver was so sweet and helpful with making sure the girls took the easy entrance so they wouldn't trip in there heels lol he drove us to the famous las vegas sign and had a great select of music. I would recommend this company to everyone it's the best in town.
3	We booked the inferno for a birthday party. The vehicle rocked!!  It was awesome. The driver was there on time waiting for us and he was a nice guy. He just sort of didn't make the moment special. I wanted a real wow factor when my guests found out that we were going in the amazing limo that was parked out front, however the driver was too worried about making sure he got my credit card from me (which obviously I had already given to the company on the phone), and telling me that we couldn't have food (which I already knew and we didn't have any with us). I just wanted him to welcome us and open the door so everyone could get in and be wowwed but he wanted to talk housekeeping with me. Bummer entrance. The ride was great. I had called ahead of time to make sure I could play a DVD on the ride to show a slideshow for my Dad's 70th birthday, but the DVD would not play in their player (it played on my DVD player at home).  Also, the driver asked us how much we were supposed to be paying and I did not have my paperwork with me and had booked so many things in Vegas that I did not remember. So he threw out a number that sounded right and I agreed and told him to add a 20% tip. He was kind of shifty about it, telling me to just tell him the total I wanted to pay, so I added the 20% in my head and gave him the total only to find out later when I got home that the number he had thrown out to me already included the 20% tip so we ended up tipping him 40% - which I wouldn't be mad about if he had rocked it- but he didn't, he was the least best part.  One other minor thing is that they did not supply any champagne/wine glasses like the other limos we rode in did. So he gave us some plastic cups for our champagne.
5	I wish I could give more stars than just 5 here!A friend of mine got married in Vegas and we had 11 people with us which means 3 cabs.  I found Elite Transportation looking for a transit solution to our large group.  The owner was amazing and convinced us make the night memorable instead of a simple cab ride.  We made several stops and took lots of photos.  We drove around for a while and really enjoyed ourselves.  Elite Transportation made the wedding night SUPER memorable.  Thanks so much.  Best Limo Prices around and Top Notch Service!!!!!
