5	I bring my son there.  I sold high end shoes for over a decade and the staff there knows what they are doing.  Aside from Stride Rite there are many other good brands and the service is terrific.  A friend has a special needs child and the manager, Bob , sets aside appointments to better assist them.
4	The quality and comfort of the shoes at this store is fantastic. The prices are in line/competitive for the quality of the shoes they sell. The employees are very knowledgable and friendly. It is a full service shoe store. My only gripe is that it can be hard to find someone to help you because they are busy - but once you get a turn they give you their full attention. They also have a punch card system where you can earn $50 off a future purchase by collecting enough punches. That was a really nice unexpected bonus to find when I purchased. I will go back again.
4	Summary: A great selection of high-quality shoes with excellent service, but a price tag that matches.Morgan's carries many brands for a small store, such as Ecco, Dansko, Tsubo, Birkenstock, Merrell, Lowa, MBT, Teva, and even Vibram FiveFinger "shoes".  There's tons of other brands I'm missing, especially since I don't peruse the women's section.  Prices can range from $50 to ~$400.  Don't forget to check the sale racks!They also have excellent service which is plentiful but not pushy.  The vibe I get is that they don't work on commission, and a friend who worked shoes for years felt the same way.  When you are thinking of making a purchase, it's apparent that they really know their stuff.  They take the time to make sure the shoe is the proper fit after first measuring your feet, and can also recommend a number of inserts and things as well.  In addition, they seem to have some specialists on staff (after checking their website, it's Pedorthists) that can help people with feet/back/etc. issues.I've even come into this place when it was busy over the holidays looking only for some replacement laces, and when I tried to buy them the person at the register said "no charge".  I was nonplussed as that was so atypical for *anywhere*.  It's not often I enter a store,  acquire an item, and walk out without paying - that's usually called shoplifting...I feel bad giving Morgan's 4 stars because they're expensive, as I don't know their margins.  I just wish more of the shoes were in my price range.  However, I can usually justify it when I eventually do make a purchase because their products are so durable and you know you're getting a good fit.One helpful thing is that they have a card where for every $50 you spend you get a punch, and I think at something like $250 spent you get $50 off your next purchase?  I might have that wrong, so your mileage may vary.So far I've bought my most expensive shoes ever there, in a pair of $250+ MBTs, and will come back for some Tsubos and Eccos.  If you're looking for a pair of shoes that will last and are willing to pay for it, you'll be fine here.And if you're looking for athletic shoes, don't miss the connected New Balance/Stride Rite shop that's connected to Morgan's.
4	High-quality shoes for your broken feet. No, let's revise that: you use your feet all the time. They hold you up. Look at them, way down there...they need some love too! So healthy shoes are not just for the elderly and wise, but also for the smart people who plan to continue walking.Prices are pretty high, but service is excellent (not pushy) and they really want you to feel good. Orthopedic shoes abounds! If you have any medical foot problems, come here. Maybe a little less fashionable, but hey, take what you can get. I've found quite a few comfy and stylish pairs here.
5	I do love the staff here at Morgans. Cool w my kid raging and w the coupons.
5	Fantastic, stylish shoes with super friendly service.
4	I'm fortunate enough to have a job where I don't need to dress up very often, so I've become lazy with my wardrobe - it's usually blue jeans, a quarter-zip sweater, and ratty tennis shoes - all day, every day.  Doesn't matter if I'm sitting at my desk all day, or meeting with directors and c-level execs - my uniform rarely changes.That changed while on a first date when the gal I was hoping to impress pointed out that my ratty tennis shoes weren't exactly screaming "wow."  She was plenty nice about it, but I took the hint.  Back home, I peered into my closet and saw... um, a lot of tennis shoes.So, over to Morgan's I went, where a super helpful salesman by the name of Russ greeted me, answered questions, dutifully assisted me, and eventually sold me on a pair of Naot shoes.  They were a little pricey, but wow - very comfy.  Their selection was excellent, and they had every pair of shoes that I was interested in available in my size - that's rare when you wear a 13 (or 47 euro size).  When I inquired about a few additional brands, Russ offered to order them for me, and said he would call as soon as they arrived.  That's service!Speaking of service, about a week after I bought the Naots, I received a personal, hand-written thank you card from Russ and Morgan's.  Wow.  Very classy!The new kicks were debuted and met with approval.  I've expanded my shoe collection and even threw away a few pair of tennis shoes... the times, they are a-changin'...  Morgans = WINSelection = 4 starsService = 5 starsValue = 4 starsMISC = 4 stars
4	Excellent Customer service! Absolutely the best purchasing experience I've had in Madison ever! This store has a wide selection of stylish yet comfortable shoes. I took away a star because of there 7 day return policy. I will definitely be returning:-)
1	I'm done with Morgan's.Sure they have a good selection of shoes but I hate to feel like wanting to be treated respectfully is an imposition.I went there Monday evening found a pair of expensive sandals I liked and tried to make  contact with a salesperson. No luck so I sat down.Then a salesperson approached--and asked me to move!I got up and started to walk out. Then, she said if I wanted shoes I needed to take a ticket!I found their inability to set expectation and make some contact unprofessional and was put very far off when I was asked to move rather than a smile and "we'll be right with you after I help this customer" or some such. Only when I left did a salesperson shout after me. I bought a pair of shoes there several months ago and it was equally curt but efficient at least.So yesterday I drove to The Shoebox in Black Earth where I was greeting QUICKLY by a very friendly salesperson who then spent a great deal of time with me.I left with three pairs of shoes and spent $250.The Shoebox has a huge selection but importantly the service was so far ahead of Morgan's that I have no doubt where I'll shop from now on.Jeff
1	The salesperson I had today was so rude.  I will certainly think twice before going back.  The drive to the Shoebox is not that bad and there is always Zappos.
4	Morgan's caters very well to customers with hard-to-fit feet or orthopedic problems. While it can be hard to attract someone's attention for help during busy times, the salespeople are very knowledgable and attentive once they get to you. In particular, they're good at offering advice on what brands or styles work best for certain types of feet.The salespeople are not pushy--I have not felt bad about walking out after trying on several pairs of shoes like I have at some other stores. The only downside is that most of the brands they carry are very expensive. I usually find it's worth it, though, if you're looking for a really good pair of shoes--they carry brands that are expensive because of their quality and comfort, and every pair I've bought has lasted a long time.
1	Was just in Morgan's Shoes. The prices are ridiculously high and after 15 minutes of wandering around,  no one had spoken to me, let alone acknowledge my presence.  Very dissatisfied and would not recommend to my friends.
