3	Hello Brass Tap!! This place just opened in the Mesa Riverview plaza, over by Toby Keith's. If you are a beer person, here is a new place to visit! Over 300 different beers to choose from! Did I just say 300!!! Yes!!! That many!!I personally cant drink beer, but all my friends love it, so we ended up meeting here for my friends bday! Each of them enjoyed the large selection and were able to try a lot of beers they have never had before. While they were busy getting their drink on, I of course had to try the food! Their food menu is a little small (compared to having a choice of 300 different beers to drink, but hey its a beer bar) I went ahead and ordered the Pepperoni Peppadew Pretzel Pizza! Goodness gracious this pizza was delicious! The pretzel dough bread wasn't too thick to where your pizza was all bread and it had a great buttery/seasoned taste to it. The tomato sauce had a nice spice and the sweet peppers on top of the pizza along with the pepperoni, brought out a taste I have never had on a pizza before! It was delicious! These ingredients altogether made a really great pizza. The 7 1/2" pizza was in my belly in about 2 minutes!We came here on opening night, so the service wasn't fantastic, but it wasn't terrible. Opening night is always going to be a little hectic and stressful! I think the staff did a decent job though. Our waitress said they didn't have the flights for the beer taste testers yet, so she had to bring them by hand and it seemed like each time she mixed up the samples, so we didn't know which beer was which. So once they get those in, im sure that will get better. You are a beer bar though, you should have had those ready!! The service was also a little slow, but the bar was packed so you cant get too upset. The girls were running around trying to take care of everyone as best as they could.This place is very relaxed, chill and on the small side. If you are looking to just enjoy an evening of beers, good friends and conversation, this is the place! No loud music, dancing or craziness. Over-all 3 stars for this new place as an A-OK! Gotta work out some of the little kinks and things will be better! Keep it up! Im sure I will be back!*My friends votes are in and they say to try the Historic Deer Lord and the Petrus Aged Red beers! Cheers everyone!!*
4	The Brass Tap just opened in Mesa Riverview right across from the theatre. They have 60 beers on tap and countless others by the bottle. The focus is American beers, but they have enough variety to satisfy even the avid beer snob. I ordered the ham and cheese panini which comes with some amazing tangy honey mustard sauce that I would have bought by the bottle if it was possible. The bread was more like sandwich bread than a traditional panini...but really who cares. It tasted great, and this place is about the beer not the food. The bartender was friendly and helpful, even as she politely fielded some drunk dudes hitting on her. They have discount nights for first responders (mon), teachers (fri), restaurant workers (sun), and others. I will definitely be back.
4	We were excited for this place to open and we left pretty impressed, especially since they just opened. Pros - Beer selection is what you come here for - period. They let us try anything, which was amazing. All the other tap rooms usually charge for tastes. The food menu is limited, but the prime rib sandwich at the pretzels were both good. The pizza, with pretzel crust, was so-so. Wait staff was delightful, owner was nice. We sat outside which was lovely. Cons - The inside is mostly high tables. I prefer low. It is also on the small side, so I would be worried to try to meet here with a large group. We will be back!
3	Great beer selection.The food is so so.If you love beer I would go to this bar.
5	Love this place! Excellent selection of craft beer and great menu to absorb the beer! Live music on the weekends,I give it a 5 I will deff be back!!
4	The place has only been open a week and my first time trying it but hey, I can already tell this is a beer lover's sort of bar. I had taken my father to a movie at Cinemark 16, which is right across the way (in other words, good location) and then headed over here for a beer or two and some food.The menu is not big but food that goes well with beer and for each item they have a recommendation for a specific style of beer. I had two Belgian's on tap and they were delicious and in addition, they have the right glasses for each type of beer and the employees are beer nerds, or at least the ones I met. As for food, my dad had a flat bread with tomatoes and some sort of cheese, that he seemed to like (going vegetarian in his old age - Tempe can liberalize even an old cowboy from Texas it seems) and I had the pretzel pizza with pepperoni and what seems like sweet Italian peppers - it was good but tend not to like things that are sweet unless it is in a dessert but hey still good.All I can say, the Cinemark is great movie theater and this is a good place to come after the movie to chat and hang for a bit. I hope it does well, I know I certainly intend to frequent it two or three times a month. :-)Oh, I did want to say that this is a chain (though a small one), like World of Beers but a little more on the cool vibe side, based on what I can see and the prices on beer at the Mesa location are extremely reasonable. I also liked that while the TVs were on, they were generally right above the bar and they were playing with the sound off and the music in the place was on but it wasn't overly loud, so my father and I could have a discussion with Mitch, the bartender (just has one more step to become a Cicerone - as I said, beer nerds) - maybe they crank things up as the night wears on, I don't know but for me it was a lovely, mellow atmosphere - I may not be Mikey, but I like it. :-)
5	Excellent music & great beer!
5	the place in mesa az for an insane collection of craft beer.  haven't been here yet? you should!
5	My new favorite hangout. Friendly and informative staff. Try their ham and cheese panini its wonderful. If you love beers this is the place!
5	Awesome food. Awesome beer. Awesome service. Need I say more? Go there and see for yourself! Local bar vibes with drafts from EVERYWHERE!
4	This place has a serious draft and bottles/canned beer selection. If you join their Brew Crew you get a t-shirt and a card to track how many different beers you've had. The service is really good! Our waitress and bartender were very helpful and informative on their beer selection. The only problem with this place is the food. Way too overpriced for the quantity and quality of food you get. Will definitely frequent this place for more beer!
4	Great new spot on the Eastside,  finally! A nice selection of craft beer that's reasonably priced,  great food to munch on and knowledgeable staff.  Definitely a place you will want to come back to!
4	Great selection of craft beer!  During my daytime visit there was plenty of seating and service was very good.  Food menu seemed a bit limited, but at least they seemed to be good at the limited food items that were available.  I'd rather have that, than a beer bar that tries to do too many things and few of them are worth eating.  Prices were all over the place for various beers compared to what I pay elsewhere.  Not sure if I was mischarged or if they really do differentiate like that on purpose.  Parking was great.
5	What an amazing place! Hands down one of the friendliest places I've been in awhile! Great staff, AMAZING beer, great prices, BEER CLUB ANYONE SHOULD JOIN, and KNOWLEDGEABLE staff for beer... I won't be shy at all recommending this place to friends or anyone I come across looking for great taps!
3	I've been to The Brass Tap multiple times and really enjoy the place; the food's overpriced, but the outstanding beer selection more than makes up for that. It's small and normally pretty quite, which makes it the perfect place for a few pints and a conversation with friends.With that in mind, I'm SO glad last night wasn't my first experience with The Brass Tap, or I'd never come back. We met with some friends for Team Trivia and experienced the worst service possible. The place was packed and it appeared that they only had one bartender and one waitress to handle the crowd, which meant that people on our team were consistently being ignored, and even when our waitress (Rachel, according to the bill) actually took beer orders, she only took them for part of the table, walked away without hearing what people were asking for, and came back without beers that people had ordered. Even after the place cleared out when trivia was done, we continued to receive the same terrible service. ! Rather than offering a pre-emptive apology about whatever was going to take so long for us to get our beers/waters/bill/etc, we were offered three different and conflicting excuses after waiting for extended periods of time. We all ended up waiting around an hour just to get our bills, and there were only three tables! The bartender did come out and give us all coupons for BOGO pints, and even though they expire in three days, it was a nice gesture. It's fine if you're short-staffed and surprisingly busy, but you should know how to appease the customers you have while they wait rather than ignoring them and forgetting their orders.
4	(Lyrics - Foreigner - I Want To Know What Love Is)In my life there's been reviews with starsI'm pretty sure I can eat it againCan't stop now, I've Bo Bites so farTo give this place a try.......I wanna go to the Brass TapI really want to show youI wanna go to the Brass TapI know I can show youNestle inside the heart of Mesa Riverview complex is The Brass Tap.  With over 20 locations nationwide the Mesa location is the first in Arizona.  Lucky us!The Brass Tap provides a nice, clean, and homey feel to your beer brewery.  A selection of craft brews along with your regular store bought beer available in a bottle or draft. I came on a Saturday night with a friend and order several different beers to try out while a solo singer rocked out on the early 90s music.  Pretty awesome and chilling night in my book.  I also ordered their pretzel crusted pizza; yep that's pretty new to me!  Overall, the pretzel dough was original and surprisingly it worked well.  Tad bit over salty for sure, but I guess that helps sell the beer!  In the end, a great atmosphere along with great selection.  The pizza was interesting and something I would recommend to try! - Enjoy!
2	Great selection of beer, but overpriced, poor food selection, and unhelpful staff will keep us from going back. The bar staff was either not knowledgeable or just pushing the highest markup because I asked for the best IPA and he went straight for Sierra Nevada, which is probably the WORST IPA in the house.  When asked about the menu, he steered us to the prime rib nachos which was just a bunch of potato chips topped with Velveeta cheese, red peppers and a small amount of meat.  The Nachos were way overpriced at $12 and pints were $7.  Our tab for two  totaled $70 and we felt completely ripped off.  In addition, when you sit at the bar, the TVs are too high and you have to tilt your head back in an uncomfortable position to watch.  It's too bad because we love IPA and they had a great selection, but there were too many issues for us to make this our new watering hole.
3	Phenomenal beer selection, the atmosphere is very pub like, and the staff was helpful. The menu is limited, and we had the pretzel, nachos, and a panini...overall the food is average at best. The pretzel was about a third raw, the nachos were really just a glob of potato chips and liquid cheese, the panini was good.  I'll be back for beer, but will need to eat before or after.
5	Place is a cute little beer bar! Great beer selection too. Our server megan was really nice and helpful! We had the hummus and the pretzel pizzas and they were both really tasty!
5	We had a group of 17 here on Saturday and it was a lot of fun. The owner, manager and the service staff were awesome. I would highly recommend Brass Tap for groups. The food was great and their beer list is fantastic. We'll definitely be back!
5	Amazing little place! My boyfriend and I have been looking for a neighborhood place that wasn't too busy, but still had a good crowd with good people. This has become our place! The selection is great, the Brew Crew benefits are awesome, and the staff is amazing. Rachel is by far the sweetest person I've ever met, and every suggestion she's ever given me has been a winner. I would recommend this place to anyone!!
4	I live just down the street from Mesa Riverview and of course as I'm getting ready to move, a group of friends and I met up here for trivia and drinks for the first time yesterday evening. TBT is right across from the entrance to the movie theater and I was pleasantly surprised to see that it was pretty full the entire time we were there. It's clear that there was a need for a brewery and as they say, "if you build it, they will come". We were lucky to grab a table inside and I sipped on water and ciders the whole night, as did the rest of my group. Two people ordered their pizzas, which were good but a little overpriced in my opinion. The service was good and the prices on their drinks were reasonable. Only knocking them a star for the food prices and because the first two drinks I tried to order off of the menu were not in stock :(
3	Beer selection and service was wonderful!   My only complaint was the food.  Overpriced.  Prime rib nachos were awful; so salty we found them painful to eat, especially at 12.00.  Flatbread were passable but bland.  Pretzels bites were pretzel bites but cheese alongside them was cold; 8.50 for heated up bread is a little obnoxious.  If they aren't going to really 'do' food then they shouldn't charge you as though they are.  Would go again strictly for the beer and friendly service though!!
1	We love finding those hidden restaurant gems (like spokes on southern), and I assure you...this is NOT one. NO table service, only bar service and even at that it's not great. We tried a couple of flat breads & they were worse than bar food. The selection of beer is NOT worth the horrible experience. We usually sit and relax after our meal & we couldn't wait to pay our tab to enjoy real service elsewhere.
4	300 beers?!?!? This is a great place to come if you're looking for plenty of options. The food menu leaves something to be desired because of a lack of options. Good happy hour prices and a number of TV's to watch sports on. Well worth your time.
4	Love great IPA!!Huge selection of craft beer both in draft and bottles. I had very tasty 'crazy bitch double IPA' from Northern brewing co. And figured they named it after me...I like the intimate set up of the place. We will be repeaters for sure!
4	This place has the most amazing selection of beers.  I'm always on the lookout for some good sours, and rarely do I find those in Mesa or Gilbert, but Brass Tap has them.  I've only been there once, but the service was great, and the beer selection was everything that I expect to see in a craft beer bar.  This place is great for people that love trying new beers and are always on the lookout for beers that you don't normally see anywhere else.  Coming from San Diego, which has an eclectic beer scene, I can honestly say that this place is money for beer drinkers.  I haven't had the privilege of trying their food, but the menu seems to be standard, featuring various bar snacks, flat breads, and pizzas.  They also have various board games and trivia nights making for a fun spot to come to with your friends or a date.  Definitely coming back to this place soon!
5	The Brass Tap is by far my favorite place to grab a beer. The brew crew program is great, it really encourages you to explore the expansive collection the the brass tap offers, in addition to the constantly rotating taps. The staff is extremely helpful and knowledgeable.  It's nice to go into a beer bar and talk to someone who actually knows about beers instead of making stuff up in hopes I buy it. It's has an atmosphere of fun but at the same time a great place to sit and relax. Truly a great bar with great people....what's not to like.
3	Pretty neat place. Had a groupon sowent to check it out. Lots to chose from if you're a beer drinker. Food was pretty good. We split mini pretzels and BBQ chicken pizza. Was kind of pricy, but that comes hand in hand with a craft beer place. Overall was a pretty average experience.
5	Fun pub crawl feel. Excellent beer selections, decent ciders and some wines as well. The pizzas are also quite good. A fun relaxed place to bring a date or friends and relax.
4	Great place for bar fare and great craft selection. Bartenders very nice and know their beers, the loyalty club is pretty cool as well... If you are in the area I suggest you give it a shot
3	Awesome beer selection! Food wasn't great, but maybe we just didn't try the right thing. We got two of the pretzel appetizers and weren't overly impressed. But the beer menu made up for it, so we will still be back again! Maybe just after we eat!
3	The beer selection is awesome!! The food S.U.C.K.S!!!! Tasted like the smell of burning plastic... Like I'm going to filibertos for a bean and cheese burro because I ate zero food  worth the visit for the beer and that's it.
2	Great selection of beer!  Prices are kind of high and the food is a disaster!  Our service was not much better than the food.  Big disappointment.
2	Lots of beers.....the food is AWFUL!!!!!  Eat before you go there so your experience isn't tainted by the terrible food.  I enjoyed the extensive beer selection and it was clean.  Seating was awkward and the food sucked bad....real bad.  I probably will not go back.
2	As per the request of the owner Jason I am updating my review with specifics, I ordered the ultimate grilled cheese panini it lacked flavor and the cheese was not melted and the bread was not that toasty delicious you would expect with a grilled panini, my boyfriend ordered the meat lovers pretzel pizza....again lacking in flavor and the pretzel crust tasted metallic, my friend ordered the pretzel with beer cheese lacked good beer cheese flavor, the cheese sauce broke so it was lumpy, and the pretzels tasted metallic. The pretzels metallic taste may have come from the use of tap water somewhere in the process. I do have to say the beer was delicious and it was great to have such a wonderful selection.
2	Excellent beer selection.  We ordered the margarita pizza and the pretzel bites with cheese.  The food wasn't that great, but the beer was yummy.
4	Food is much better.  As always an excellent beer selection.  Had the prime rib nachos.....they were pretty good. I suggest giving this place a shot.  Mmmmmmm beer!
4	And people say there is nothing in Mesa! They are WRONG.Brass tap is great, you can make your own beer flight and their selection is great. I heard their IPA's are nice and bitter (I personally do not like bitter beer so definitely try it for yourself and take my friends word for it)Also, come here on Friday at 6pm - they have a beer school going on every Friday! Later in the evening a live one man band plays (pretty impressive) and they have pretty great food.We had the pretzels with dipping sauces, but I look forward to trying the pretzel pizza!I will definitely be returning.
5	A great little place that serves... BEER. For someone like me new to the craft beer world, its a blast reading and trying new beer! Our first visit I went with a few I knew like the sonoran white chocolate ale, and wells banana bread beer (bottle) and have to say, the group of 4 we had all LOVED the food. I had a panini and really enjoyed it. Pretzel bites with the cheese were perfect! We live in mesa but make it a point to come here! Is it Friday yet?
5	I met the owner? Jason I think.  He was outside having a smoke and I was leaving the BoyScout store with my son.  I approached him and asked if he had any IPA's and he told me about a few of his beers.  This guy was really nice and took the time to say goodbye to patrons that were exiting and to people arriving.  He seems like a really sincere guy.  I hope people visit this place because good people need all the help they can get when the take a risk and start up a new business. That is "Merica" baby.  Way to go.  I will visit this place this Friday and have a few cold ones.  Just thought I should share the fact that the owner is quite nice which is a rarity these days.
3	Great Beer, but food is terrible.  We ordered the prime rib nachos which were a joke.  They cost $12.  The portion and quality were awful.  The texture of the cheese was equivalent to government cheese.  It had a plastic taste.
3	....had not been to Mesa Riverview drinking before, but after a quick one and done date across the plaza I wandered into the Tap to grab a $3 football special beer and watch some football. The TV situation is nice with plenty of screens right above bar and they had a number of beers for three bucks on special, but no food deals. It was also $1.50 off AZ beers during Happy Hour, so good timing. I still prefer not to give a credit card for the tab if the bar is not crowded, but each place is different. They did have literally a hundred brews to choose from, but I nabbed a local brew and it seemed like a greta place to watch sports and sit on patio. I liked the futuristic sanitizing system that gives the glasses an extra wash and an extra cold temperature for serving.
5	What can I say?  This place is great!  I go there frequently and I always find something new to enjoy.  There are plenty of TV's to catch all of the games, the vibe is chill, and the staff is great!  60 taps on hand and it seems like they tap something new every day.  The bottles they have are endless and they've incorporated some great deals.  Live music is always pretty good, and the place is really clean all of the time (I can't stand an establishment that doesn't take pride in its appearance.)  They take care of their taps and the beer doesn't have far to travel.  All glasses are essentially room temperature, so the flavor of the beer doesn't get ruined.  All in all, I'd have to say these folks are doing beer right.  Every bartender I've talked to has way more knowledge about the beer than I do and they're exceptional when it comes to making recommendations for the styles I like.  Although not an extensive menu, the food they do have is pretty good.  That pretzel crust pizza is pretty awesome but my favorite is the prime rib sandwich.  I love the fact that it's a laid back environment where it seems everyone just wants to come in and enjoy some beer.  I recommend visiting here frequently, mainly because they go through beers relatively quickly so you never know what you might find.  Great daily specials, happy hour, events, etc.  What can I say?  This has quickly and easily become my new favorite watering hole.
4	I don't really drink beer but they have a huge amount of taps and bottles and I try and get my friends to order the ones I think look interesting.  The food is very good I love the prime rib nachos!  The pizza is also great and different as it's on a pretzel bread crust.  The bartenders have always been fantastic and really friendly.  The only thing I would change is them having iced tea, as I don't really drink soda, so my only option is water.
2	After moving a mile away from this bar I wanted so bad to like it.  I have been there a half dozen times, the good thing about the place is the craft beer selection, the bad thing is the wait staff and food.  Half the time I went I had to go to the bar to ask for a waitress and the times I ordered food it wasnt much better than microwave food.  The last time I went to Brass Tap I got a growler filled and was charged double the price. I asked our waitress about the pricing and she told me the price was correct.  I later got in touch with the owner who found out his manger made a mistake and charged me double, his solution to the problem was for me to email him and he would respond with a free growler (basically I prepaid for a growler), I have still yet to have the owner respond to my email.  Overall the only reason I would suggest going is if you are already at Riverview, want a good beer on draft, and dont want to drive to one of the many other good local beer bars and breweries in the area.
1	Yes they have gluten free beer but don't plan on eating here. There are a couple of items on the menu that look like they could be modified however NOT. So you are left with a wedge salad. I would have given another star or 2 except that I called earlier in the day to check the menu and was told they would be able to accommodate me. Oh well nice atmosphere. Might come back for the live music when I'm not hungry!
1	Worse place I ever went. Got there @ 5:30 to meet friends. Place had a very small crowd. Ordered a bit before 6. Never got my sandwich served to me.( also happened to another in our party of 10)  Others in party had finished eating.One excuse after another. finally left at 7:10Waitress even wanted a tip !
3	It could be that I went here on a slow night (Tuesday) but I wasn't a fan. Good selection of beers though.
3	This place is 'good'. I really enjoyed the location, the atmosphere, the people, the beer! Good stuff! The only issue is we walk away from this place every time feeling like we spent more than what we enjoyed. They push a chain on you and they make us try to buy in without any real appeal. Beer is the drink of the middle class! Why do I have to visit and spend like a royal? SRSLY.
2	On paper this place looks great....a local place serving up hundreds of beers. Once you get in there its a different story.The selection of beers is great. One of the best I have seen in the Valley!!! I1. The pictures make this place look huge. Really its just a bar with some extra tables and a good amount of TVs**This place is BAR first and foremost and food definitely comes second...or maybe 3rd or 4th (See below)2. Service - BAD!!!! The staff seems jaded and not happy to be there. Also we waited entirely too long for our beers and food.3. FOOD - Maybe the worst I've ever seen at a bar. First there are no Wings on the Menu....this is a bar people....wings should be first!!!. A few dips and a few sandwiches...that's it!!!!We were a GROUP OF 5 SO WE PRETTY MUCH ORDERED THE WHOLE MENU.... The chips were from a bag from the store. The prime rib tasted frozen at best. The pizza's were a total joke...sloppy with cold centers. Not sure what their kitchen capabilities are but they are not good. Either get a CHEF...hell even a lunch lady can make better food then who makes it now.Also...all food is served on Styrofoam plates....SADCOST- We walked out of there with a 100+ dollar tab after the groupon. Your money can be better spent elsewhere!!!This place is in MESA and near Apache junction..... Perhaps that is why it is the way it is but they should really improve or they will FAILI will not be Back!
1	Beer selection is good but food and wait staff is terrible. Highly disappointed. Definitely not going back
