5	This guys are top notch! Both our cats love them . we will use them again. Thanks for all the help
5	These guys are the absolute best!!!!!  They have taken such good care of both of our mixed labs several times now.  I highly recommend them to anyone needing someone to take TLC of their family while you are gone.  Thank you guys!!!!!!!
5	By far the best pet sitters around! Brock  and Virgie are so good with our pets!!  We LOVE their pet supply delivery service too!  I no longer have to scramble to the store when I run out of food/treats now that I have Desert Dog to deliver it to my front door!!!  Thanks Desert Dog, you are the best!!!
5	Very professional company when it comes to dog services.  Brock and Verg offer services and products only available through a caring small business.  Hazel is a large Weimaraner Chocolate Lab mix and demands attention constantly.  Desert Dog Pet Care provides both food and comforting attention to Hazel.  Thanks Desert Dog Pet Care you ROCK!!!!!!!
5	I am very happy that a friend told me about Desert Dog Pet Care when my wife and I were discussing what to do with our dog during our next vacation. Vergie and Brock are awesome! They are both super friendly, personable, and, most importantly, trustworthy. Our little beagle, Oliver, absolutely loves them. They took great care of him while we were away and I plan to use them exclusively from here on out. Thanks for the great work!
5	Desert Dog has done a great job caring for my fur kids. Getting regular updates while on the trip is great and how the house is just as clean as I left. I can also tell the pups liked them which I didn't think I would be able to. I like how detailed they are about the pets, their likes, dislikes, etc.
5	These guys are great - they texted me pictures of my animal while i was away - i would hands down hire them again and recommend them to anyone! Charges are reasonable and they provide very good customer service too!
1	When it comes to the care of our animals the most important thing is trust.  Communication is essential.  While I can't rate Desert Dogs for the service they provide I would advise you think twice before hiring these folks.I originally called 15 days before our scheduled trip.  Having not received a return phone call I called again 2 days later.  Virginia returned this call and said she had someone that would contact me for the consultation appointment to be setup for the next Thursday (this was Friday so 6 days out).  The following Tuesday, when I still didn't have a firm appointment, I both called, and left a message on the web site, for confirmation.  Thursday came and passed with no calls, emails or communication of any kind.I know it's a complicated story but now I'm 6 days out from a scheduled trip.  After wasting 9 days, 4 calls, and an email I only have the initial call back from Virginia promising a consult that didn't happen.  I can't stress enough that they take no responsibility for good service or communication with a client.  They certainly let me down and abused any trust I had that they earned the previous Angie's List ratings.Beware!
5	As working professionals, Desert Dog Pet Care has saved my wife, myself, and our dog Cabo daily. We use them for a walk and bathroom break mid-day during the workweek to help make our pup more comfortable and to get some much needed attention while we are working long hours.Brock, Virginia and their team have helped to take care of Cabo since she was a very young puppy and have done a great job at all stages as she has grown. They are very trustworthy and the dog loves them. The added bonus to their service are the picture messages that they send while playing with our dog - nothing brightens up a boring meeting like a picture of our happy best buddy!
