1	On 2 occasions after receiving a pedicure here, I lost 2 toe nails. I even took my girlfriend for a girl's day and 1 week later she showed me her foot where she lost a toe nail.  I found out it is fungus from them NOT CLEANING OR STERILIZING their utensils!!!   Gross!   I will NEVER GO BACK AGAIN!
1	I finally gave up on this place today.  They NEVER return my messages for appoinments.  I left one yesterday morning and no surprise, it has been 24 hours and no one bothers to call me back.  I showed up as a walk-in one Friday at 3:00 and the place was empty except for the two guys that work there and they said they had no one available.  They do a good job on gel manicures when you can actually get them to do your nails but I will never go there again.  They are lousy at customer service.
2	This nail salon has a staff of 4 people - three nail techs (two guys, one girl) and one older lady who only does pedicures and doesn't speak a lick of English. Their prices are comparable to other nail salons in the area.Mya is the only saving grace at this nail salon. If you can get her, then you will have an awesome experience. She rocks at doing gel nails and acrylics. My gel will stay on for 3 weeks no problem. If I cannot schedule her (which she stays very busy) then I will go to a different salon. I do also like how they have two kids pedicure chairs. They are shaped like pandas and have DVD players to entertain the kiddos. Nice touch!Now, if you get one of the other 2 gentlemen, be advised, you won't be leaving a happy camper. The "owner" is rude & short-tempered...even when answering the phone. He rushes at doing your nails and doesn't concentrate while doing them because he's constantly answering the phone or yelling orders to the other techs. He is also a chain smoker and reeks of butts. Blah. The other guy is sweet, he just doesn't yield the experience in my opinion and the outcome is subpar.They offer no waxing services here, Which is not a deal breaker for me but may be for you. They are located off of Horizon & the 95 so it's a good location and easy to get to. Their gel colors are limited and when I finally pick one I like, most of the time they're "out" of it. Like I said, I like going here, but only if I'm going to get Mya. Not bad to stop at if you have no other nail shop options or no one else can take you. And with all that being said, it is better than the neighboring Avenue Nails. You make the decision!
1	They do a great job with their work however I feel like I am just another person interrupting their day when I walked in.  No questions asked, just "grab your nail polish color" and that's about it.  Would like some attention to the customer as this was the case with others too.
1	Don't go here, very rude people, they messed up my nails and the owner very fast to point fingers , snapped at me , and was very unprofessional. I will Never go back. Anthony did my  nails and he  acted like I was taking up his time having my nails done. He was very rude and I felt uncomfortable.
5	LOVE chanails spa! Anthony and Tan are professional and handsome!! The technique they use is amazing. I've been coming here for years and even though they are busy they always make time for me, my family members, friends. Co-workers also have gushed about their extremely reasonable prices too
5	Anthony was amazing he gave my little girl an exceptional mani-pedi and cute floweres without asking she just loved it... he took great care of me too!!! I will definitively come back..
5	Have been going to this nail salon for many years. Had moved here from LA and tried several salons before finding this salon. The staff are always so professional, have had nails, manicures, pedicures from Tan, Anthony, & Jennie.Recently remodeled with new massage chairs, so relaxing while being pampered.Always happy to attend you your every wish, now that's what I call relaxing!!
5	This is the only place I go to, they always do an amazing job! First time I came here I was impressed on how wonderful my nails came out. My nails never look bad and there so welcoming!
2	Took my daughter here for a girls day, she got a woman, did a great job.  I got a young man who held his mouth open the whole time with gum stuck in the front of his mouth.  Gross!  There was also a "visitor" who apparently doesn't work there, but just stopped by to visit.  Okay....I thought this was a business, not very professional.  Who talked non stop, kept the kid doing my pedicure occupied and he barely paid attention to what he was doing, EXCEPT when he kept trying to cut my toe nail at an angle, so I would get ingrown toe nails.  I had to tell him twice, I don't know why they would cut any one's toe nails at an angle though?  That was 3 weeks ago, NOW I have two toe nails that are looking weird and I am very worried that they didn't have clean instruments.  They seem steady but certainly not busy.  This place like many others in the area are run down, not as clean as they should be, and always feel rushed, even when they aren't busy.  When they don't have appointments,  I guess doing their laptop in the massage chairs is the choice entertainment.
5	They always do a great job!! The people are friendly and I consistently continue to get my nails done here. The pricing is great.
