4	It seems like a long time since I have been to the Palms because everything has been changed or updated. This change is the new casino middle bar called Social. It's very open and right in the middle of the casino floor so you can see almost everything that is going on. We were just chilling and having a couple of drinks and since it was Sunday night, not that busy. I certainly see the potential the place has to be packed. Pricing is normal for Las Vegas bars but it you are a guest (I guess depending on the package) they give you a couple 2 for 1 vouchers. The Yelp Test: Would I Come Back? Yes, to people watch.
5	Located inside The Palms Hotel Casino, smack in the center of the casino floor. this place has quite the selection of bourbon. The female bartenders wear a low cut black bustier as the uniform (thats for those of you who don't like Bourbon) My bartender, Veronica was not fooling around when she mixed my drink. So I say if you are in the Palms, stop in and have a drink or three. Live it up, you are in Las Vegas for cryin' out loud!
5	Attentive bartenders mix up delicious and inventive signature cocktails!  To start, friendly and professional bartender Veronica served us the Social Class and the Devil Went Down to Georgia (more like a bourbon mojito) and later, the very outgoing and equally engaging Martin poured us some nice glasses of chardonnay.  The bar seats were full and the atmosphere was fun, but mostly I liked having an expansive view of everything going on across the casino floor, including a blackjack table next door who were having a fabulous time.  Definitely a must visit while staying at Palms!
4	Went for a Jim Beam tasting that was posted in the Palms email newsletter. No one showed up to do the tasting, but a manager offered us comped drinks. This remodeled center bar used to have a somewhat tropical theme and is now an upscale whiskey bar. The extensive menu includes some great drinks, and I had a fig infused whiskey served in a snifter with a huge round ice cube. This was a great drink and loved the presentation. I also tried a mojito type whiskey drink which was very refreshing. We enjoyed the drinks and hope they will have the tasting sometime!
5	Was here about 5 pm - 7 pm on Fri/12 Jul, Sat/13 Jul and Sun/14 Jul:- My buddy and I had the   http://www.OnTheRocksLasVegas.com/ticket-information/  (3 Day Pass) wristband which included some free drinks per night at Social.- Friendly staff, sometimes service was slow when they got busy (maybe too many people getting free drinks that time frame)- Their $20 "Social Misfit" drink includes a 6-oz "SOCIAL" engraved drink flask that you get to keep.- Cheap bottle service such as $75 for 375-ml Grey Goose (or $65 for 375-ml Ketel One), plus a 20% service charge.- Since Social is centrally located in the Palms casino pit it's great for people watching.  - Social is my favorite casino bar overall.  (I also enjoy the Rio's casino bars since as a local with a players card I get 25% off drinks).
4	The advantage of having a bar smack-dab in the middle of a casino? It makes for a great meeting spot when your friends are scattered about in a "Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas" style haze. The Palms played it smart by putting Social where it is. Plus, if you're staying at the Palms, you'll likely get 2-for-1 drink coupons - that's when the party REALLY starts. Remember, tip your bartenders well - they gotta wear those corsets all shift long.
5	5 star margaritas...no sweet n sour.  They make them from scratch and if you're staying there, you get 2 for $12.  You just can't beat that.  We had 3 too many.
4	Cool lobby bar in Palms.  As I discovered, the theme of this bar is whiskey.  I found that there was a wide disparity in the ability of the bartenders.  A lovely young lady, Veronica, made a fantastic Old Fashioned.  Alas, none of her coworkers could do the same.  The house specialty drinks were good.All-in-all an above average place to sit and have a cocktail.  Oh, and they don't have those in-counter poker/blackjack machines, which is a bonus for me.I was staying at Palms, and despite it's shortcomings, this was my go-to bar.  (Ron Jeremy was there having a glass of red wine... if that means anything to you.)
3	The bar is in a great location within the Palms, so it is a great place to meet friends or people watch.  There are a lot of tables as well as seats at the bar.  The decor is cool and modern.  The staff is ok.  They are friendly when you order, but they do not seem good at speaking to the customers otherwise.  The drinks are affordable by Las Vegas standards, and they have a decent selection of quality drink options.
4	Overall a very nice Casino Bar. Nice selection of Whiskey. Friendly,  courteous staff and great people watching. Everything I ask for in a Casino Bar.
3	nice layout right in the middle of the casino floor, by the entrance/lobby. comfy chairs/booths. no video poker at this bar. just expensive drinks. gets crowded in the evening and is usually a meeting point for everyone if they're coming in or going out since it close to the cab stand. we'll be back if at the Palms again.
1	Who charges $3 for a tiny bottle of water? Total scumbag move, Palms. I loved this place until this moment.
4	Living in Austin, normal drink prices in Vegas, LA, etc. now seem expensive to me. The cocktails here ranged from $14-20 which is probably normal for a hotel bar. Still, at that price, I want my drinks to be excellent, which these were. Strong and well-crafted, especially if you like whiskey.
