5	I first came to Kathi Jo in December of 2007. I'm embarrassed to say I only got facials every couple of years and thought I'd get a lecture and a pitch to buy buy buy. I got neither. First of all, the bed was comfortable not a frickin table - and her facial (including massaging my hands) was awesome. This is someone who is into what she does and its obvious. Since then, I have continued to go to her for skincare. People have remarked that my skin looks smoother and has less lines. I admit - I love the beach and I ride my motorcycle - all the things that can age you, but I have to enjoy life and with Kathi Jo giving 'good face', I can minimize the damage. With her I have done peels, microdermabrasion (sp) and the derma needle pen which stimulate collagen. Excuse mispells. I don't know this stuff - I just do it.It helps to have a number and hers is: 480-425-7225 :)
5	Kathi Jo is a super sweet, awesome aesthetician! Her salon is down the hall from my mom's eyelash salon, and I know her pretty well because of that. When I started having acne issues, she was the first person I wanted to call. She is super funny and personable, and I really enjoy speaking with her. We met to discuss what to do about the issue and made some plans for some facials to help get me to the right place. She is VERY knowledgable, and I'm super excited for my facial with her. I trust her completely; I will write again after a couple of facials for some more follow up info! :)Oh. P.S. Something that is absolutely AWESOME about Kathi Jo is that she does late appointments, and so she was able to schedule me in quickly without any issues. Most people in the beauty business can't do that for me because I'm so ridiculously busy as a full-time student and part time employee for 2 different jobs. I was very pleased with how easy scheduling was!
5	Update!Kathi Jo did a fantastic job with out facial. She was very helpful and explained exactly what she was going to do very thoroughly. She made me feel like I wasn't a baby even though I'm a total wimp. I came to see her because I was having so e acne issues after being on prednisone for a long time, I'm now zit-free and my skin is as soft as a baby's bottom! Can't wait to see her again for another great facial! :)
5	I was referred to Kathi Jo by a friend who has been going to her for years and I am SO glad I went!  Kathi Jo is a true professional.  She gave a thorough analysis of my skin and went over concerns and plans for the future care of my skin. This is what I have been looking for in a skin care professional.  Someone I can see on a regulate basis who really cares about taking care of me.  I thought I could never find someone like her, but I did and I am very happy.  She didn't try to sell me tons of products (like others I have seen in the past), just asked about what I currently use and gave suggestions and educated me on what I am using currently.I'd highly recommend Kathi Jo!! I am really looking forward to my next visit :-)
