3	Kilroy's is a landmark in Vegas. There is this location and one on Buffalo and Charleston. This place specializes in BURGERS...The burgers here are LARGE and innovative. When you get a mushroom swiss burger. There are mushrooms that grow off of mushrooms overloaded with mushrooms. I usually get a blue cheese burger, or this one with avacado. It's basically your typical bar and grill with gaming on one side and the restaurant on the other. Yes they have basically $6 + burgers. But remember. this isn't your typical whopper. This is the king . Usually going here, if you eat everything, unbutton your to pant button. It helps with the gluttony.  Oh and DON'T ORDER 2 orders of fries...you'll die in carb heaven.
3	The 3-star rating is an average of the 4 1/2 stars I'd give it for food and 1 1/2 stars I'd give it for service...First of all, the burgers are fantastic.  Large & filling.  For $1.59 you can get fries with your burger, and, although I've tried them all, the beer battered fries are by far the best.The service, on the other hand, was pretty crummy.  My friend ordered bacon on his burger and was charged an additional $3.59!  The waitress, who forgot the bacon, brought it out later and said she wouldn't charge for it.  Then, when we got the bill and asked about it, she said "well, I hit the bacon button, and I was shocked myself that it was so expensive!"  My 3 cheese & mushroom burger was also missing the mushrooms (she brought those out later on a side-plate as well.)  And trying to get a refill on a glass of water was incredibly difficult -- I had to ask 4 times!  (Luckily my 3 beers came quickly!)I'd eat there again, but probably avoid the same waitress as last time.
4	I've eaten a lot of burgers in my life! From-the Kobe's-all the way down to the golden arches! If you want good value and a gourmet burger, then this is the spot! They do innovative burgers that taste great! My personal is fave is California style of burger they have there...just the straight cheese burger with all the trimmings! But then again I usually try almost everything once! On the innovative side the gotta to love the bacon burger with fresh avocado, Hawaiian,  along with the Mushroom Sour Cream burger! They also change a burger on the menu if the item fails and etc. Now, you can say that other places offer the same and etc. But- they cook the burgers to order here! Get it Med-Rare! And the rolls they serve it on is a nice change from the regular buns! The sides are not too shabby as well! Can't go wrong with the sweet potato fries with a little cranberry dipping sauce! And the beer battered fries is pretty good too! The prices are very reasonable! Pretty much everything is under $10 bucks, with sides being a couple here and there. The service is what you'd expect at a burger joint! Just straight forward!   Bon Appetite!
5	"The world's greatest hamburgers." Many restaurants make this claim, but I have never been to a place where I can actually justify their claim. First off, service is excellent. I have been there several times and there is a certain waitress who delivers absolutely the best service possible. She is very attentive, has a great personality and you can really tell that she enjoys serving people. Not a single complaint. The burger menu is extensive, with about 20 different choices of burgers. My favorites are the Kona Bacon, Blue Baron and the Western BBQ Burger. Burgers are consistent in the way you want them cooked. Most of these burgers aren't served on a traditional bun, most of them come on a roll, or sourdough buns. Their standard french fries are nothing spectacular, I'd go an say they're just average, however, their beer battered french fries are amazing. Hot, crispy and perfectly seasoned, you have to try these. There are also many food choices aside from burgers including Godzilla Chicken Wings, a Gigantic serving of fish and chips, chicken sandwiches and salads. The combination of great service and excellent fresh and hot burgers is enough me to proclaim this place the best burgers I've had in awhile. Now you can't compare this joint to the upscale burger places such as Burger Bar at Mandalay Bay, but for a tab that'll run you around $10 per person, it's easy to decide what's better. Beware, this place is closed on Sundays, and aren't open until 4pm on the weekdays.
4	I love this burger place, one of my top 5 burgers in Vegas.. HUGE is an understatement
2	I was on the search for a juicy burger and felt In 'N Out just wouldn't do.I ended up at Kilroy's conveniently behind my gym.I ordered a mushroom burger to go.I came to pick it up, opened the box, the mushrooms spilled all over and it dominated the burger let me tell you. The meat didn't have any flavor for as thick as it was.The mushrooms made my whole burger soggy too.AWFUL. Just AWFUL.
4	The burgers are excellent with many varieties to choose from. You get a pile of fries as well. I have not seen anyone write about the steak sandwich, which is as good or better than the burgers. I highly recommend the steak sandwich. All in all its a great place. Great food, nice people, and good prices.  If you want to have some drinks and relax with some good stick to your ribs food check this place out.
5	Kilroy's has been my favorite burger place since forever, and I've been to plenty of them. I've lived in Vegas for about 15 years now and have still not found a burger place here that's better than Kilroy's. They were voted #1 in the Review Journal and they deserved it!Kilroy's is a restaurant and gaming bar. The restaurant is separated from the bar which I love (and which is also necessary here, legally). The restaurant is very casual and decorated with movie posters; each one cleverly has Kilroy snuck in the background. The servers are always friendly and quick and the service is great.Other than burgers, the menu lists sandwiches, chicken fingers, and salads. I always get a burger. My favorite burgers there are the sourdough, the mushroom, and the jalapeno bacon burger. To top it off, I usually get a side of beer-battered fries. Their portions are huge and always good for two people.For such a casual ho-hum place, Kilroy's is like the royalty of burgers.
3	This review is really only based on the restaurant appeal and decor.  We came by for an early afternoon snack but did not get to try Nevada's best burger per Food Network's 50 States, 50 Burgers rating:http://www.foodnetwork.com/50-states-50-burgers/package/index.htmlThe burgers are now only served from 4 - 10pm as lunch business has not been enough to sustain itself in this west side location.  I didn't even bother to check the hours, presuming a state's best burger could be had near lunchtime.  The bar was open though.  They have a decor using movie posters customized with their Kilroy logo.   The place looks like it's well worth a try, but you'll have to have a burger dinner to do it.
1	Please do yourself a favor & do not eat at this Kilroys!!!  The food sucks & so does the waitresses!!!!  When the Buffalo location was open I use to go there at least twice a week & it was great!!!b  But this place is horrible I can't see it staying open much longer!  Also it has bad ratings from the Health Department!I tried to talk to the owners Paul & Jack but they could careless!So enter at your own risk!!!
4	Today I indulged in the joy of the lunchtime cheeseburger. It's not the greatest move when you're concerned that you've gained weight and should cut back on the calories, but oh, dear god is it worth it.Kilroy's advertises having the World's Greatest Hamburgers. "World's Greatest" was presumably a marketing overstatement, but damn it, it worked. It pulled me in to test out just how good the greatest hamburger could taste.  Amazingly, I can honestly say they made one of the best cheeseburgers in my life, topped with fresh tomatoes, good crisp red onion, and fresh lettuce. And what made it the best? Their cooks are actually trained in how to cook ground chuck so that my medium-rare burger was actually medium-rare (pink, but warm with juice). For a bar and restaurant, they made an exceptionally tasty burger.Cost: $8 for the cheeseburger. Throw on some coke and a basket of fries for $15 with tip.
2	There's a sign inside the restaurant that says "world's best hamburger" and you know what? They're lying. This isn't the world's best hamburger, this isn't the best hamburger in vegas. There's nothing special about this burger, it's both generic and bland.
4	Just so everyone knows, the BAR IS OPEN, it's and the KITCHEN is closed. You can still come here and knock back a few drinks. It advertises the coldest beer in the world and and it's pretty friggin' cold. I enjoyed the homage to the iconic World War II caricature. It was a cool little dive bar with good music. The bartender was cool and only charged us for half the drinks we ordered. Their shots were a bit more of the two fingers variety. When you're pouring like that, it's hard not to be a fan.They had quite the selection of characters at the place, a group playing drinking games, a group getting 86'd and some weird guy who wouldn't let my wife gamble in piece. Apparently he was 86'd right before we left. I'll be back because I enjoy the sushi across the street and the Ramen in the same shopping center. Nothing like a dive bar to wait at while you're waiting for your food.
1	To the last poster, Get your info straight, the location has beel closed for MONTHS BAR AND RESTAURANT.Additionally a new bar has opened in its place
