3	Pretty dissapointing...I was a big fan of the original location, but didn't get out there that often, just because it's so far north. When they opened this location, I was elated...until I ate there.I don't know if this place is signicantly worse than the DC Ranch location (but I think it is) or if the original's not as good as I remember, but either way, this restaurant was a lot more style than substance. I do like their creative "signature sushi" items, which are also featured at the original location and include unconventional ingredients like steak, chicken, apples, caesar dressing and balsamic vinegarette. Although the quality is below-stellar, most of these selections are tasty and fun.DO NOT, however, order the "Bayou Self Roll" with spicy crawfish, andouille sausage, green onions wrapped in orange soy paper w/ a remonade sauce. It tastes like cold feet. It was so bad that we sent it back, only to have the waiter tell us "oh, that surprises me, this is my favorite roll!" I don't want to call him a lier, but I will say that he's completely full of ****. No way that can be true.
3	Upon walking into Blue Wasabi, you kinda get the feeling that you have left the desert and are now in the city...  It's dimly lit, with tones of blue that surround the bar area.   We started the night out with some drinks, my friends had beers and I was anxious to try the martini menu.  After checking a great list of martini's, I went for a regular cosmo, it was good, but 1 was enough for the night.We ordered a variety of rolls- btw, all the rolls have random names.  I wish I could tell you a few of the names, but I was too busy having my cosmo.  All the sushi was good, not to big, but the perfect size for a bite.Oh yeah, they do give you blue wasabi and it kinda weirded me out, so I had very little...but they stayed true to their name.  This is a good place, next time I'm in town, I'll be back.
4	Very nice establishment, small and cozy the way I like it. Right next to my house too, so I often end up here after work.Great Sushi and a cute little bar in the back (I like to watch em make the Sushi while having a Sapporo). The decor and atmosphere are the best I've seen in a strip mall. Nice patio too...Warning - It does get busy for dinner and on the weekends.
2	I find it odd that a place with wasabi in its name served the BF and I multiple plates of sushi with nary a speck of wasabi in sight.   Maybe they ran out of the maligned blue food coloring the night we went in, but it was weird for the wasabi to go missing at a sushi restaurant.Blue Wasabi's web site really dances around it, but the original location in DC Ranch has been shuttered.  They now have two outposts and a thing for "villages" (e.g., strip malls).  There is this location in Hilton Village and another in San Tan Village. Unfortunately, Blue Wasabi was better at the original location.  The main advantage to the new digs is the increased size.  The original in DC Ranch was the size of the postage stamp and the upholstered back room was like something you would find in a condemned asylum.  The new space is much larger and a very efficient space planner managed to squeeze out every possible place to put a seat.  We were there on a fairly quiet Sunday night and it was fine, but with the communal table running down the center of the restaurant, this place is probably jam-packed on a busy night.  The wall of light that changes colors behind the sushi bar is cool.  The owners spent at least a few hundred grand on the interior build out.The menu has been dumbed down in the new location.  It now offers a number of options clearly designed for folks who won't eat raw fish.  The bar food items include the Buddha Burgers, Macadamia Chicken Strips, and Filet Mignon Medallions.  Blue Wasabi needs to decide if it's going to be a sushi restaurant or a bar that serves food.    You've got to be open to modern sushi if you're going to enjoy Blue Wasabi.  If you're a sushi purist, this is definitely not the place for you.  The signature rolls are still irreverently named, but they don't have the outstanding flavors that were found at the original location.  I suspect the original sushi chef didn't make the move to Hilton Village.  It now feels like a second string chef is merely replicating what was once innovative.The BF always enjoys the Eating Nemo Roll of krab (Blue Wasabi has fallen into the fake crab trap) and cucumbers topped with fresh salmon, thinly sliced lemons and ponzu sauce.  The Kiss My Bass Roll of shrimp tempura, cucumber and avocado topped with striped bass sashimi and ponzu dressing is also good.  In another riff on colors, the Marilyn Monroll is tuna, yellowtail, salmon, spicy tuna, krab (again!), avocado and cucumbers wrapped in pink soy paper.  Another different roll is the P.I.T.A. (Pain In The Ass) with tuna, krab, and avocado inside a cucumber wrap with a garlic ponzu dressing.  The Where's The Beef Tempura Roll is seared beef tenderloin, asparagus, avocado and shrimp that is then tempura'd and topped with a sweet soy glaze.  It was okay.  If you like sweet sushi, the Killer Bee Roll is a California roll topped with freshwater eel, sliced mango and a sweet soy glaze. The Signature Martinis are also fun.  The BF usually goes for the Wango Mango (Stoli Peach vodka, mango nectar with an orange cranberry splash).  I always order the Mello Jell-O (Skyy Berry vodka, cranberry flavored sweet and sour and cran-raspberry juice infused with dark cherry Jell-O).  It's like a Jell-O shot martini and that's a tasty treat.Anyone who dines out on sushi in the Valley will not be shocked that Blue Wasabi is expensive.  The BF and I never get out of this place for under $100 for the two of us.  There are a couple of promotions they run to help out the thrifty diner.  The first is Blue Sundays.  If anyone in your party wears blue on a Sunday, Blue Wasabi will give you 50% off alcoholic beverages.  Their drinks are spendy, so the discount is nice.  Somehow the BF and I end up ordering twice as many drinks on Blue Sundays, but we still feel like we're getting a deal.  The real deal is Frequent Diner Mondays.  The trick is to stop by Blue Wasabi and have a drink during the week or weekend and then return the following Monday with your validated receipt for 50% off all food.  Depending upon how much sushi you order, that's one good deal, honey.  The new Blue Wasabi is hip, fun and irreverent.  It's not as innovative as the original in DC Ranch and I'm not sure that the food and drinks are still worth what they cost.  It's best to try to catch this place on a promotional deal.
3	Super friendly service in a nice contemporary spot.  A+ for the large selection of happy hour, 1/2 price items off of the main menu  (Tue - Sat)...pencils with no erasers are provided to mark your order right on the menu.  Can't get over the indigo blue wasabi?  Ask for the green stuff so your sushi doesn't look like bait that's been dyed bright blue for the night fishing.Signature rolls have the most clever names'Get Clucked' - Tempura Chicken, asparagus, cucumber w/ avacado'Eating Nemo' - Krab (fake crab), salmon, lemon & ponzu'Me Soy Horny' - Shrimp Temp,spicy tuna, cucumber/ avacado and soy paper'Kiss my Bass'.....you get the ideaMust order the Spicy Rockin Shrimp Tempura served in a large martini glass.Blue Sundays = 50% off alcohol if you wear blue and if you forget, take a little blue wasabi, mix with Kirin beer, dip finger and wipe across white shirt - enjoy your blue martini.I would go back....more than one location (Gilbert, AZ)
4	I've generally never been a fan of chain sushi restaurants but I had to write a review about the fantastic service we had at this location.  I went with my bf and a very large group of people and our server was incredibly fast with our order and remembered what EVERYONE ordered so there was no mess ups (which was what we thought might happen). My old age is setting in but I believe our server's name was Eric.  I honestly think this was the best service I've seen in a long time.  The sushi was also good - it didnt blow my mind necessarily but I left quite full and content.  The $3 sake also comes in ridiculously generous bottle!  I will definitely return.
3	So, what's my favorite food?! SUSHI!!!  I seriously can't get enough, and Blue Wasabi was no exception.  When for happy hour (aka cheap dinner) with a friend who loves this place.  The names of their rolls are SO fun - dirty sanchez, umm,... ok I can't think of the others but their all so fun!  And the drinks were super good.... I had a mango martini (again it had a cute name I can't remember).  A total of 4 rolls and 4 drinks between the two of us.... under $60 bucks.... I couldn't believe it.  Happy Hour prices are THE best!So why only 3 stars?  I was sick as hell the next morning.... I don't know what caused me getting sick, but I went to bed later that night feeling like the sushi was at the top of my stomach, and let's just say it was NOT a good morning.  Will I go back? hmmm... probably not.  I'm not one who usually gets sick or has a weak stomach, but my friend ate the exact same thing I did and didn't feel a thing.... weird!
3	I actually visited the original location in DC Ranch. I stopped here with some friends for a late night snack and drinks. This was my first time here so one of the guys ordered a couple of Tootsie Rolls for the 4 of us (well 3 of us since my boyfriend doesn't like sushi) and a Berry White martini (It's blue) and it was fantastic. Don't remember what was in the Toostie Roll, sorry, but I love sushi so I usually just inhale it, but it was good too. There's a cool sleek vibe to this place.
4	We ate at Blue Wasabi for the first time about 2 weeks ago.  Being from the west coast I'm a little unsure about landlocked sushi.  Blue Wasabi was a great surprise.  Excellent selection of rolls.....fun and imaginitive names - My favorite was the Marilyn Monroll .....delish!  The one thing I was not sold on was the 'blue wasabi'.......not crazy about consuming blue food (yes, it does make your tongue blue!).  The sweet waitress did say we can order wasabi au-naturel next time!  Good service.....a little expensive, but we'll go back!
4	Blue Wasabi has great sushi/fresh fish and happy hour on Saturday's. Be sure to order the Spicy Rockin' Shrimp Tempura and Dirty Sanchez roll. Great atmosphere and great sushi with yes, blue wasabi. What more could you want? The 50% receipt deal is also a nice perk to keep me coming back for more.
3	The Beautiful Carin and I met some friends at Blue Wasabi last evening.I have mixed feelings about little Blue.On the one hand, they have some of the best prices (and great Happy Hour pricing:) in Scottsdale, for both their sushi, negri and sashimi offerings and for their small plates.They make tasty and unusual dishes,(good sliders, pork egg rolls, shrimp, etc.:)They pour a nice cocktail and during Happy Hour they sell a good sized marti for under $5:)The decor and atmosphere are both upscale and comfortable:)On the other hand, the sushi is not the best I ever had...it doesn't seem as fresh as some of the other places around town and the presentation seems to be a bit of an afterthought.Oh, and the wasabi is blue....really, really, really blue! Not a "pretty" blue...sky blue or robins egg blue...it looks like someone mixed a bottle of india ink with play-doh and scooped a little on the plate...not an attractive a dining element on my plate.They need to think the food color in the wasabi through a little bit...I don't mind that it's not green, but this blue just isn't right:)But, they do get a crowd...we had cocktails and a little dinner with our friends and the place was 3/4's full from the time we arrived until we left nearly 2 hours later, so maybe I'm in the minority on the blue coloring of the wasabi:)Our service was very good...they were busy, but our glasses were always full and the dishes came out in a timely fashion:)I like Blue Wasabi for the small plates and the Happy Hour pricing and I certainly do eat their sushi. So, the service is good and the atmosphere is pleasant and relaxing. The people watching is top quality!I just wish they would change out the food coloring for the Wasabi:)
3	One Liner: The wasabi is BLUE Food: (scale of 0-4) 2.5Yes, the wasabi is really blue in blue wasabi. This is a nice little place for happy hour and dinner. The appetizers are very nice, the rolls are decent. Last I checked, that's what a sushi bar is for! This is also a very nice place for people watching.Extras: (Scale of 0-1)  0.5Service 0.1: Decor 0.1: Speed 0.1: Dessert 0.1: Prices 0.1: My score for this experience is 3 stars.Other than the blue wasabi, there is nothing special about it.However, the food was very consistently good. That makes it a great place for happy hours.
4	I really liked our dinner the other night. Full liquor license which is great to find in a sushi place, and they had Echigo beer which is a huge plus. Complimentary yummy edemame, also a great plus, especially when you're as hungry as we were. Started off with awesome rock shrimp and some kind of delicious tataki salad over seaweed which was also great. Had some great spicy hand rolls and then a bunch of shared rolls which were all delish - can't remember all the ones we specifically had but do remember trying one wrapped in cucumber per our server's recommendations and really liked it. Not sure how it is for nigiri and sashimi but for rolls this is a great spot.
5	Just back from here. Great time excellent service/happy hour. Better spicy tuna hand roll than Sapporo of Scottsdale. Highly recommended. This is a place definitely worth checking out. We finally did and we will go back.
4	In a town filled with sushi restaurants, restaurateurs must come up with exciting and innovative concepts to lure new patrons.  I believe Blue Wasabi does just that in merging contemporary American ingredients with their sushi rolls, as well as providing a generous list of signature small plates for the discerning palate - whether that be seared pork tenderloin or the spicy yellowtail mushrooms.  And to wash it all down, a fun and diverse martini menu dazzles its guests with selections such as the "Milky Way" (Skyy Vanilla vodka, cream liqueur, Vermeer chocolate liqueur, vanilla cream with a caramel rim) and the "Strawberry Blonde" (Skyy Citrus vodka, Stoli Strawberry vodka, homemade lemonade and strawberry puree)Blue Wasabi gained recognition and many awards when it opened a few years ago.  Categories including "Best Sushi" by 944 magazine,  "Best New Restaurant" by New Times, and "25 Top New Restaurants" by Phoenix Magazine.This is not the place for sushi purists.  Here, the goal was to Americanize the sushi experience and experiment with many diverse flavor combinations.  The sushi itself may not be top grade, but the signature rolls definitely get an A+ from me!Some of my favorite Signature Rolls:Dirty Sanchez: eel, avocado, krab, jalapeno and cream cheese, tempura'd with soy glazeEating Nemo: Krab, cucumbers, topped with salmon, thinly sliced lemon and ponzu sauceShrimp Bizkit: shrimp tempura, cucumber, asparagus, chipotle mayo, topped with shrimp and avocadoSurf and Turf Roll: shrimp tempura, avocado, cucumber, topped with seared beef tenderloin and a sesame onion dressingThe average cost of a roll is about $11, but many of these signatures can be sampled for 50% off during Wasabi's happy hour.Happy Hour is daily, Tuesday-Saturday, from 4:30p-6:30p.  Selected signature rolls, selected signature small plates, salads, and sushi are 50% off, as well as the entire menu of martinis.  An incredible value!For those not as adventurous, the signature small plates offer something for every palate.  Starting at $5 and going up to $14, there is much to be sampled here.Starting with fried pizza rolls, the list is eclectic.  Ranging from Americana's best, the hot wing, to buddha burgers and grilled miso salmon, your mouth will water, and your tastebuds tingle.Aside from the traditional sushi offerings, Wasabi also features New style sushi, such as "Cajun Spiced Seared Tuna" (my favorite here) and Striped Bass with a citrus green peppercorn sauce.The salads also diverge from the traditional seaweed and squid salads here.  Try the delicious Grilled Miso Salmon Salad.  The fish is flavourful, juicy, and tender - grilled in a sweet miso glaze.  The salad greens are fresh and crispy, and doused in a miso onion dressing.  During happy hour, this delectable salad is only $6.50 - definitely something you would expect to pay three times that amount for.The incentives just keep getting better here.  Tuesdays is ladie's night, so their signature martinis are 50% off the entire day.  16 martinis can be found on the menu, as diverse and colorful as a gal's handbag collection.  And did I mention they are divine?  The recipes go easy on the heavy liqour, so one can easily try 2 or 3 before calling it a night.  If you want to sample their sakes and wines, imports, or premiums, Sundays are ideal.  If you wear blue, you get 50% off all the alcohol - a lush's paradise.Overall, I love the modern decor, the blue granite at the bar, the blue padded seats, the chilled out music that doesn't overwhelm the conversations, the clean and contemporary feel of the restaurant, the fun staff at the bar, the attentive servers, and even the edamame.  Definitely one of my favorite joints for happy hour, and enjoying Japanese/American fare.
1	This restaurant gave me a lovely case of food poisoning.  Need I say more?
4	Great Happy Hour prices!  Love their speciality rolls!  Recommend it!
4	I've eaten just about everywhere in this town and this joint is at the top of my list. Fun atmosphere, hardly ever a wait, attentive service and fantastic sushi. It's also one of the few places I've been to that services White Cranberry Juice, and with vodka and a lime this is cocktail is delish! Next time you're in the mood for sushi, this is the place to go!
3	Well, yes, you actually get blue wasabi.My poorly written overview: I went there around four or so in the Pm.  Walking in of course its a cool look when you walk in however, we felt zero vibe or personality. It was almost uncomfortable to be in . Not too cool as I was talking my Boyfriend there for the first time. My Motor Mouth Munchies: OK , The best part is!!! - My boyfriend and many many other people , DO NOT EAT CARBS, so any asian /sushi places he usually gets the sashimi , however an amazing discovery , that very very few places have is sashimi/sushi rolls made with cucumber instead of rice!! Perfect! such a great alternative to carbs! and they were delish! and they have hard to find sake called "SaketoMe" sparkling asian pear sake, yum.My Obscure price thoughts:- We happened to be there during happy hour( although it felt like drab hour) so price was good. cant really complain.My overly picky service agenda- The service took just a bit too long. Not really bad but not great. I couldnt even tell you if it was a guy or a girl. But hey better than remembering a crappy guy or horrible boy.IN all , strictly based on the cucumber no carbs rolls well be back.
4	I leave Malibu Rum Barbie at home when I come to Blue Wasabi. The Signature Martinis have this gal falling of my chair. I seriously recommend the Mello Jello Martini. Three Olives Cherry Vodka (which turns me into a lush after one, mind you), along with some juice and... a scoop of Jello. I usually ask them to double up on the Jello. And after a few MJs, I'm probably the one you saw laughing and stumbling out of Blue Wasabi (always have a DD folks)! As for the food, the more I drink the better it is. I love me some Dirty Sanchez. And the Red Hot Chili Peppers. They have such great names for the sushi rolls, it cracks me up. But probably anything does after three Mello Jellos.The only gripe I have is $30+ for three martinis. And the happy hour specials are okay but not fabulous. I usually spend about $60 just myself. Three martinis, edamame and a couple sushi rolls. Not a fab deal :( But somehow the Mello Jellos make me forget...
3	This was probably my 5th time at a Blue Wasabi and I still find it 'eh.  I tend to veer towards the more traditional sushi places and think that chicken and random fruits do not belong in or on sushi.  I would agree that they try some cutting edge stuff when it comes to sushi and while it tastes ok; it is just weird.  If you are sick of the same ole' same ole' sushi and want to try something unique; Blue Wasabi is your place.I do however like that they have low carb rolls made with cucumber instead of rice but I find them ok at best.  They are also too difficult to eat because they fall apart easily and are slippery.  Its a nice thought and very innovative but low carb doesn't really work with sushi.  I think that you NEED the rice to make it work.  I dunno...use some brown rice or something instead of white....Their specialty mixed drink list is equally as unique.  They have a big selection of martinis that all look pretty good.  I tried the one with jello in it and it was very tasty.  I mean how could anything that sweet with jello in it NOT be good?  A bit to sweet for me but I had to try it because of a review I read on here.My party of 4 went on a Friday night at about 8ish.  It was relatively busy but we got a table right away.  Our waitress was fast and friendly.  All-in-all it was a decent visit and I will be back every blue moon.
4	This place was very chic.  Loved the decor.  The sushi was good and they had a wide selection.  The service was good too.  I ordered a Cherry Bomb martini and just to warn ya'll it tasted like medicine.  Would NOT recommend it.  But the Orange one and the Berry White were delish!  They had creative names for their rolls and served them on cool decorative dishes.  Their wasabi was a dark bluish green color which was kind of cool.  It's a very unique place that I would recommend for sure.  Go Blue Wasabi!!
5	My fiance and I LOVE Blue Wasabi! We went there on our first sushi date, and at the time he was not a sushi fan. We had the Tropic Thunder roll (a yummy roll that stands out to me for the mango salsa on top) and spicy tuna and a few other rolls. First of all, their Tropic Thunder is my favorite roll in the valley. Secondly, their Spicy Tuna is probably up there for the best in the valley in my opinion as well. I was on a big Sapporo kick for awhile, but I always feel a little like I wish we would have gone to Blue Wasabi instead whenever I am at the Cougar Club known as Sapporo. RA has never done anything special for me, their rolls are okay, and I feel the same about other sushi places in the valley I have been to. Point being?  Blue Wasabi is number one for me. Atmosphere is great, it looks like it would be really trendy and like it should be packed, but I have been there many times and never seen the place full. They have a good happy hour, too- many rolls are half off and you can get a bunch of cheap Sake Bombs.
4	A very nice spot for happy hour, 50% off for almost half of the menu. The ambience is cute and cozy, definitely a very Americanized sushi bar, good for girls night too!  Big selection of martinis and some very creative sushi rolls.I love the Berry White martini, it's absolutely delish! Two of us shared the Eating Nemo, Killer Bee, Dirty Sanchez, Lava Beef (all in HH menu), Salmon Nigiri and Edamame. Sushi rolls were tasty but not that outstanding. The Lava Beef was very spicy and nicely presented in a martini glass. I liked the Edamame came out warm and you definitely don't see water dripping all over. Our waitress was really nice and attentive. With this great service and delish martini, I'm raising the rating from 3.5 to 4 stars!
5	Best sushi in town.Freshest Fish in town.  Love the rolls and service is outstanding. Even better this place offers amazing food for non sushi eaters that makes us sushi eaters almost stray away from our beloved sushi menu andctry the mini burgers or ribs or any of their other mouthwatering dishes. Highly recommend it for a date or for the whole family. Did I mention the great service? Outstanding on all levels my favorite sushi place in Arizona. Never have had anything but a fabulous dinner. Highly recommend it.
5	A class act joint.  Good people, great sushi, especially the dam jumper roll.  Great place to go for a glass of wine to wind down or for a bite to eat before you head out for the night.  Best sushi in town. You won't be disappointed!
4	Great place to stop in for happy hour.  They have a great selection of items at 50% off.Most of the rolls were very good.  Some were iffy, but not because of the quality.  The ingredients were listed, so if one was too citrus-y, I should have anticipated..I would and likely will return.Service was great.  Greeted at the door with a hand shake, seated quickly, and our server was attentive.
5	Super fresh...super fun and super fantastic!  We ate there tonite and the sushi was really delish!  We had the spyder roll which is one of the best that I've had around.  Also, the spicy tuna is great...it has a sauce on it that puts it over the top!  The portions are large which...I love!  They have a happy hour that makes it much more affordable...try the rainbow roll for desert!  Ladies you will really love it!
5	they offer an innovative twist on Sushi, so if you just came from the Old Saud of Southeast Asia you might be displeasured.  I really enjoyed my dining experience here.  The service was top notch!  Food came out fast, presented nicely, edible art form and agreed nicely with my pallet!  I will def come back again!  Martinis are fab they had my Gucci boots  ah rocking!  plus the bartender was hooking a girl up!  They also have a really contemporary sushi bar with a pretty light showI am posting mobile uploads
5	Love Love LOVE this restaurant. Excellent food, amazing happy hour, impressive ambience, and friendly staff.  The menu is unique and offers a delicious product for both the seafood lover and hater. Did I mention the martinis? Half-priced at happy hour, with great variety in colors and flavors- from their Dean Martini, Milky Way, all the way to their Wango Mango . Yum! My favorite dish so far has to be the "Get Clucked" roll. This is definitely a great place to take friends you are persuading to try sushi.
4	I love Blue Wasabi and always have, ever since they opened in their original tiny location in DC Ranch.  They have more types of sushi than you've ever seen...and each roll is completely unique and most use really odd ingredients.  For example the Jeff Spicoli roll has chili-cheese Fritos and calamari in it...weird yes, but YUM!  Nothing about their sushi here is authentic, but who cares....its good quality, they make it work and make it taste real good.  Advice: go during Happy Hr and just try a whole bunch of rolls (most are 50% off!).  Another big part of the experience here is their huge list of martini's...and which are as unique as their sushi rolls.  Most are pretty sweet in taste, but all are delicious.  The Berry White comes to mind as a fav....Skyy Berry vodka, blueberry infused sweet and sour, and white cranberry juice.  The Lemon Raspberry Ice is also a fav....Skyy Citrus vodka, chambord raspberry liqueur, sweet and sour and lemon sorbet.  The sorbet makes it semi-icey and oh-so refreshing.Another thing, I've always liked the atmosphere at BW.  It's covered in dark blue everywhere, and is always dark, mainly being lit up by their color changing panels behind the sushi bar.  Just gives off a really cool, dare I say trendy, vibe.  Oh and yes....the wasabi is blue.
5	Great happy hour. Great food. Great staff. Def a good choice. The Spicy Rock Shrimp App is great.  Gordon Gecko specialty roll is as well.  one of the best for sushi in scottsdale.
3	This place is OK. Happy hour prices are good, but the happy hour selections are limited. I thought the fish on the Nigiri was sliced a little too thin. If you're into sushi rolls you'll probably love this place, but if you're into more traditional sushi I'd steer clear. The blue colored wasabi was odd and so was the hispanic sushi chef. When I eat sushi, I prefer a Japanese chef - i guess for me it makes the experience more authentic.
5	LOVE LOVE LOVE Blue Wasabi!!! Located behind Houstons in the Hilton Village! (kinda missed back there) I dont like to eat Wasabi on my sushi so I dont know how the Blue Wasabi tastes haha, but I do know the food is amazing- cooked and raw. If you don't like sushi they have great small kabob apps that are soooo good (chicken and steak), they also have a pretty large selection of other stuff, which is sometimes rare at Sushi places. I will only go to a couple places to eat sushi and if its up to me it will be at Blue Wasabi. AWESOME SERVICE everytime I have been there and great food. I think this is one of the only places I have ate in Scottsdale where I can truly say I am 100% happy when I leave everytime! Management has always come up to my girlfriends and I to check on us and/or when I have been with my husband. I have never had a poor experience there, I think they are far and few between if so, because a lot of my friends love it there as well. Check it out you will LOVE it! Also there patio has misters so if its a little warm, sit outside and enjoy the weather! THANKS BLUE WASABI!
4	love this little gem in the hilton plaza...went here last friday and we had Day as our server, she was awesome, and we loved the cocktails and food as well!  I'm a fan of the berry manalow martini (I think that's the name) it's so delicious I cannot wait to  go back for another one.  We shared their hh orange chicken appetizer-super tasty and cheap!  Then I did the basic spicy tuna, miso, edamame and a veggie roll. (not a fan of the veggie roll but it was just me personally not anything on their part)  Love coming here for happy hour, it's just a walk around the corner from where I live so that's even better!  See you next time Blue Wasabi :)
4	This place was not our destination, but found us and welcomed us with a great happy hour. Great manager, excellent server and great food and drink. A pleasant experience. This is my first review of anyplace on Yelp, so I guess that says something. I will be back
4	This is probably the second best place I've been to for Sushi in Arizona, the first being Pure. They have an amazing happy hour, which is really the only time Sushi is affordable, and it's still fresh. They also have great drink specials during happy hour as well. It's a very laid back atmosphere and the employees are great, always offering up advice on what to order and what's new. If you aren't in the mood for Sushi they also have great Japanese food as well. My girlfriend and I visit here on a regular basis and have never had a bad experience. It can get loud, but based on my Sushi experiences that's pretty common.
3	Not sure what all the hype is about. My friend and I found the sushi to be just OK but the service was definately 4 stars. We ordered the Bada Bing which was surprisingly very good and the Shrimp Bizkit which to us was dry. We also felt the Philly Roll was lacking Philly! We did try the Me Soy Horny - just OK. I ordered the Berry White martini on the recommendation of our wonderful server - it was a delcicious and refreshing blueberry martini. Another plus - the host brought over a shot of a sample martini as soon as we sat down! Overall this place was OK but don't count on me coming back anytime soon.
5	So I am going to preface this review by saying I don't eat sushi... that said, I walked into Blue Wasabi and sat down expecting to order the standard teriyaki chicken that most sushi restaurants offer as a condolence to those of us who don't partake and was very impressed to see the amount of items to choose from that had no amount of raw fish in them. SCORE! :) We ordered the pizza rolls to start. I didn't know what to expect actually, but was pleasantly surprised when they brought out these wonton type cones filled with basil, tomatoes, and mozzarella. SUPER DELICIOUS! I ordered the Lemon raspberry ice cocktail which was also incredible. It has Skyy citrus vodka, Chambord raspberry liqueur, sweet & sour, and lemon sorbet. I also had the pork pot stickers which were the best I have ever had at any restaurant, hands down. For my main dish, I had the lava beef, which was spicy but also very good. I tried the Berry White cocktail that is their most popular before I left, which was good but not as good as the Lemon raspberry ice in my opinion.
4	Great food, good service, and they offer a lot on their happy hour
4	Blue Wasabi might be many of the sushi chains around, however, they offer the best, and I mean best, Rock Shrimp appetizer that will have your mouth watering. From their rolls and sashimi down to their Miso soup and edamame..it is all perfect from the freshness and texture that will feed your appetite for the night! Great place to go with friends or a group. Offers great, timely service and a cool modern vibe with blue lights throughout. Good music in the background as well. I highly recommend it!
4	Had a very nice time for happy with my 10 yr old...ordered a bunch of random things all was very good...service was very efficient and the even bring around free tasters of unique martinis...try their rolls all with slightly inappropriate names...hard to describe a "Dirty Sanchez" roll to a kid...
5	So I don't even eat Sushi. I know I know people are now swearing at me and saying not nice things under their breath about how can I even review a Sushi spot when I don't eat Sushi?!Well I am not the only one out there that doesn't eat Sushi its an epidemic and us not Sushi eating Homosapiens feel like outcasts at times cause we are "those people" Well "those people" Blue Wasabi is your answer! They have a great happy hour where a bunch of the small plates are at a great price. But the thing that I loved was they had "Sushi" with cooked food in it like the chicken roll! So when the whole table ordered Sushi I no longer was that guy! The food has great taste, the names of the rolls are awesome and the atmosphere is trendy. Outside of happy hour the prices can get a little pricey around 10-12 a roll but worth it
5	It's always a great day when one finds yet another awesome sushi restaurant. Some friends of ours were throwing an engagement party with reservations at 8:30.  My girlfriend and I showed up about 7:45.. a bit early of course.  We had no idea how fast traffic would be from the west side.The table was already set to go, but we decided to sit at the bar.  While at the bar there was a customer eating a delicious looking egg roll.  When we asked, he said "you've got try this.. it's a pork egg roll." So we ordered one.  Both my girlfriend and I agreed this is the best egg roll we have ever had.  It was amazing. She also ordered one of their signature martinis.  The staff here was just incredible.  The owner (I think) came up to us to take our order for the egg roll. How cool is that?At almost 9PM (sorry staff!!) everyone started to show up.  This is when staff #2 kicked in.. they had a few people helping out our table and not once did they skip a beat.  They were on us the entire time. had our food exactly the way it was, all the drinks.. anything.  I could not believe perfect it was.   Im also a huge fan of edemame and they had the best I've had.  I knew Id be in for a treat. We ordered a rainbow roll and also the Marilyn Monroll... cool name huh?  Both were insanely delicious.I cant wait to go back here.!!!
3	Although it's been a while since visiting the establishment, a recent conversation about sushi spots in the Scottsdale area brought me back to my wonderful visit to Blue Wasabi.  The sushi itself is good but it's the colorful and creative drinks that truly stand out in my mind.  Be sure to visit during happy hour for a great deal and don't leave without trying the appletini, it's my favvvv !!! :) :)
5	Great sushi.  A little pricey but the rolls are original and huge.   It is a nice atmosphere.  I tried take out too and that was just as good.  and yes, the wasabi is blue.
4	How I do love me some good sushi and Blue Wasabi delivers. I have to admit it's a bit of a hidden gem that includes a casual yet upscale environment with a super trendy touch screen menu listing their drinks and signature rolls that are humorously named. My date & I tried the Killer Bee, Me Soy Horny and Chuck Norris...all yummy but the Chuck Norris was my fav hands down..I'll resist the urge to insert a round house kick joke here. Our waiter was attentive and friendly...all in all a great first experience. Not the cheapest sushi joint I've been to but given it's near the Scottsdale Quarter, I'm not too surprised. I'll definitely make it a point to return!
1	Wanted to go to Sakana and it was packed .  Went to Blue Wasabi and the fact that it was not even filled up should have been a warning. Over priced!!  The tuna poke was $17 and came in a small martini glass that was filled with lettuce.  The specialty rolls had so much rice that I left feeling like I ate a bowl of rice.  The service was good.
1	Within an hour after eating here, I got sick. Horrible stomach cramps and throwing up. Got home and keep getting sick. I have had shell fish and sushi plenty of times before and have never been sick until going here. Service was great, our server was so sweet so I guess the one star is for her. I wont be back and risk being this miserable again. Be careful!
5	Great place. Friendly staff. Awesome drinks.
2	It's just not right. A sushi bar is more than a piece of fish; it's an experience. The sushi here is edible, but nothing special. Fish quality seemed to be fine, but the rolls were uninspired at best.The real problem with this place is that unlike nearly every sushi restaurant I've been to, the sushi chef not only isn't the star of the show, these poor guys have been emasculated to the point they're not even allowed to accept a simple request for sushi. You have to wait for the host who gives it to a clerk who enters it into the cash register and ultimately gives it to the sushi chef who has been standing directly in front of you the entire time. Enjoy the wait.It absolutely kills the entire sushi "experience" and it seems to kill the sushi chef's enthusiasm too.With a couple dozen fine sushi restaurants in the area, Blue Wasabi ranks in the top 24 (assuming someone doesn't open a 25th somewhere nearby).The only reason to go here is if all the others are closed and you're dying for mediocre sushi.
1	I should have known when I walk in, only 2 tables with people on them in the whole restaurant. It was a point to turn around and walk out but I did not. I wished I did 40 dollars for 3 rolls that were average at best. Whole foods are better if you ask me then  third of the price as well, I must not be the only person as the place was empty.Don't waste your time.I love Japanese food but this was a joke.
4	Great happy hour!  I came in here after work and was greeted by Aaron, the amazing bartender who told me all about their happy hour specials and gave me good food and drink recommendations.  I ended up with the Ahi Tuna Salad, which had a zing of spice and a very healthy portion of tuna (many places I find tend to skimp on the meat).  I drank one of their happy hour cocktails and then opted for a superbly made dry gin martini :)  Aaron also let me sample one of their summer drink specials.  The manager came by and checked on me, which I thought was very nice and professional.  The bar patrons were also very friendly and had lots of great things to say about Blue Wasabi and one even let me try a piece of their Gordon Gecko Rolls- YUM!  Next time I come here I am going to try the Salmon salad; it looked very tasty...although many of the rolls looked pretty fabulous as well!
5	Blue Wasabi has great food, prices, and service!  This has become one of my neighborhood favorites.  The Happy Hour is unbeatable.  The bartender will create you a magnificent drink if you are feeling adventurous.  This last visit, I ended up trying a gin martini made with domestic gin from Oregon; it was very unique and delicious.  I had the Salmon Salad and it was YUMMY!  I am usually more of a tuna salad kind of gal, but I have to say I prefer the Salmon salad here.  I also shared the Nemo roll with a friend and it was good.  I give this place 5 stars based on the charming service and prices...this is not the best sushi I have had, but it is still very good!  If you are looking to get away from some of the fine dining in Scottsdale and want a more casual atmosphere with good service and food for a great price, I highly recommend Blue Wasabi!
4	What do I love about this place? The cool menu! Yes, the wasabi is blue, and yes it's a trendy bar, and yes it's a little pricey, and yes, I would recommend it. My fave roll: the Marilyn Monroll - complete with pink rice paper.
4	This trendy sushi bar holds an amazing happy hour! Tues-Sat 430-630, prices are cut in half on sushi and other menu items, and the martinis (and other drinks) also receive the half off treatment. The bartender we got was a great guy, knowledgeable on the menu and funny. I recommend the Barry White Martini or even just asking the bar tender what he recommends. The white sangria was also very good. For sushi I'd recommend the red hot chili pepper and for an appetizer get the spicy rockin shrimp tempura. The ambiance is pretty trendy, more of a place to go for a cheap happy hour early dinner and drinks with friends. Good music playing and tv's on, also not a bad place for a first date. Very fun, relaxed atmosphere. Think chill scottsdale sushi club almost. A seat at the bar is probably the way to go depending on how large your crowd. Definitely worth your time, some of the best sushi I've had in Arizona.
2	Waste of time and money.I had the Dam Jumper and the Chuck Norris. Granted I liked the atmosphere since it was trendy and the lighting was great. Unfortunately with a few families with kids, and music that did not cover people's voices I felt like the whole thing just imploded in on itself like a black hole of stereotypes for why I don't like the blending of sushi places and other types of venues.The style of food is more towards tex mex, the application not so much. I thought the flavor profile for Dam Jumper was too mild and light on the kick which I had hoped for from the roll. The Chuck Norris was ok, cool notion of having some spices thrown onto the roll on top but the shrimp tempura was relatively soggy basically stating that we make a bunch of crap beforehand and roll it in with relative crunchiness because we expect a bunch of people drinking at night that will not care about the quality of food.Which given the prices I can easily attribute the fact that the crowd probably doesn't care as much considering they are there mostly for the drink and not the food. If I want to get drunk and eat good sushi I would gladly pregame and spend 10 dollars less on the food itself rather than come here. In the unlikely situation that the quality of fish improved I would consider this place relatively decent. Don't expect traditional sushi in the least, and don't expect a good representation of fusion sushi either. You'll get neither at this establishment. Drink yourself to a point of not caring and then perhaps you'll have a better experience than I did. I give two stars solely because they have a nifty light display by the bar. Kudos.
5	this is one of my favorite sushi joints, they have great food, awesome atmosphere. The crusty crab is pretty amazing, they have some pretty creative sushi and rolls. They are probably in the top 3 in the state, but again that is my opinion.
3	the quality of sushi here is about the same as Kabuki in Tempe Marketplace, so if we are comparing prices I'd rather go to Kabuki. I tried the Marilyn Monroe roll (made with pink soy paper) and it was good, but nothing particularly memorable. the most memorable dish I tried there was the tempura mushroom appetizer. this is the kind of place I'd go to again if I was in the area and hungry, but not good enough that I'd ever specifically make a plan to eat dinner here.also, they play that club/techno/trance music all night. at least they don't play it ridiculously loud like at RA.
4	Blue Wasabi has a full gluten free menu at both of its locations (Scottsdale and Gilbert) which many people don't know about! Sushi is already delicious and my favorite thing to eat but I'm glad this restaurant/bar took into consideration how many people out there have dietary restrictions or are health-conscious and can benefit from this!
3	I went here for HAPPY HOUR one night with my girlfriend. As soon as you enter you can't help but notice the bright colored light panel on the back wall behind the bar/sushi bar and the top 40 music playing. We were greeted quickly and escorted to our table near the bar which is quite small. Before we could sit down the waiter offered to get us started with some rock shrimp and we agreed to start with that as we browsed the menu. We ordered 3 rolls that were about $13.00 each but half off for HH. We got our order in about 3 minutes after being seated and I began to look over the cocktail list. They have quite a few martini's but all the choices are fruity so I passed as I'm don't care much for sweet drinks. After about 15minutes and the waiter apologizing several times our rock shrimp arrived served in a martini glass. After our first bites which we found quite bland we asked the waiter for some spicy mayo and that made the dish much better. Although I found the flavor lacking the shrimp was crispy and the portion was generous. It took another 15+minutes for our 3rolls to arrive which was hard to understand the long food times because it really wasn't busy. We got a me so horny roll and a chuck Norris roll. I don't remember the other roll or what exactly is in each one but they all looked great and were pretty tasty. Nothing to write home about but it was solid food. I would only get these rolls at HH as I don't think any are worth the $13 they regularly cost. All in all it was an ok meal. The sushi is on par with most other places I've had in scottsdale and the atmosphere is fun and upbeat. When the check came I was a little surprised to see the rock shrimp app The waiter suggested cost $14.50. As someone who works in the restaurant industry I had to applaud him for a smart upsale but on they other hand I couldn't help but feel like I was taken advantage of. $15 seems alittle steep for an app at a sushi place but like I said it is a generous helping. If not for the long wait time of about 30min for 3rolls at HH I would have given 4stars. I would eat here again especially for HH.
2	This place was recommended to me by several people so I finally tried it. Sorry to report that I was disappointed. The service was adequate, nice servers. Unfortunately the sushi left much to be desired, both in taste and presentation. One roll in particular sticks out in my memory, was called the marilyn monroll, I believe. It was all pink, looked like some sort of internal body part, this I could've gotten past if it at least tasted good, it did not. The other rolls we had were lackluster. Cool looking place but was expensive, low end tasting sushi.
4	We used to live 5 minutes from this place and loved their happy hour. Went on Tuesday so my wife could get her ladies night drink special and IT IS CLOSED UNTIL FURTHER NOTICE!Environmental Health Agency notice on the door. Doesn't specifically say if there were any health code violations. Perhaps if its the nat'l organization, maybe they were getting fish in an illegal way? Who knows.All the furniture is still inside, so they don't look like they're closed for good.
5	It is really a shame that this location closed down because it was my favorite sushi restaurant in Phoenix. Martini's were tasty and the spicy beef appetizer( lava beef) is amazing. BBQ shrimp were really good too. Worth the drive to their Gilbert location still open if you are looking for good sushi
