5	I found Angie while searching for help with my brows.  I've been burned by wax, had an awful shape, even had skin removed!  Angie was patient & suggested that I try Alexandria Sugaring.  Wow, what a difference!  Less redness and irritation.  It was so great that I tried my under arms and even my brazilian!  She made me feel comfortable and walked me through the process.P.S.  her facials are amazing too!  Prices are great, hours are flexible, what more could you ask for?
5	When I first moved to Phoenix 2 years ago I was unable to find someone who could sugar. I talked to Angie on the phone and knew she was the one that I would be going to from that point forward. Getting a Brazilian isn't everyone's favorite thing but she had a great personality and immediately put me at ease. I've tried waxing in the past and I get horrid ingrowns and hair ends up getting broken off- it was awful. Angie got rid of my ingrowns. I will go nowhere else! Once you try sugaring you can NEVER go back to waxing. She does my brows, face and Brazilian. You can't find better prices around here either. Her facials are amazing- it's like getting a massage somehow and also taking care of my giant pores at the same time ;0)
5	From the first waxing treatment Angie really left an impression. Her knowledge and professionalism are second to none. My search is over, and yours will be too for whatever you need in skin care, waxing/sugaring or just pampering yourself a bit. do yourself and your skin a favor and make that appointment NOW!!
5	I have been sugaring for approximately 10 years now.  It is so important to me that someone is thorough and that I feel comfortable with them.Angie put me immediately at ease and I do not have hair growth for at least 2 weeks after I see her and it is very minimal.  Oftentimes you can go see someone and the hair starts growing back almost the next week and Angie does not do that.  She is the "Anastasia" of sugaring!I have also had facials done by her and they cleared up my skin almost immediately.  She truly listens to your needs, cares about your skin and is proactive at putting forth the effort to make happen what you need.I highly recommend For Skin's Sake!
