4	Yeah, James can cut hair.  Yes, I go here when my hair gets really long.  I heard his wife can cut hair really well too.  The place is relaxed, and James will always try to get you an appointment.  Just be there a bit earlier if you can instead  of like other people who are always late.  Yeah, sometimes he won't be on time either, but it happens right? Hey, they shampoo, cut hair, and cut it to your liking.  What else could you want?
5	I went to ISIS Beauty Salon because of Suki's review...I gotta say...James the hairstylist....really know what he is doing...I want more volume and side bang ....he did a great job...i love those sexy bangs (as Suki will call it...lol)...James will always ask you what you want and then give you his opinion on what he thinks will look good on you...also...he will also give you pointers on how to style your hair when you go home...Great Service and very very reasonable price...=)
5	I had made an appointment with James because of the reviews and I must say that he does an awesome job. He talks it out with you about what he thinks will look great, and I wouldn't doubt his opinion. The staff is very friendly and I felt very comfortable there. I've never really had a regular place to get my haircut, but I think I've finally found it.
4	James has to be one of the best hairdressers in Las Vegas.  I've never had a bad haircut with James.  He knows exactly what you want every time, and at $30 a haircut the price cannot be beat!             James mentioned that he was opening up his own salon on Spring Mt. and Decatur.  It's called Beauty to Beauty and the address is : 4621 W. Spring Mountain right next to Joyful House restaurant.  The telephone # is 873-8800.   I've received so many compliments on my new do' Thank you sooo much James I love ya dahlin!
5	I went here because of the wonderful reviews.  I admit I was a little nervous, as I have had the same hair style pretty much my whole life (long and straight)   Well, I had nothing to worry about, James did a Phenomenal  job!  I brought i a picture that I made on makeoversolutions.com and he did the cut to a T.  He cut off about 14" of hair, colored, and styled for about $75.00  Incredible!  He and his wife are very nice people also.  When I told him that I was donating my hair to Locks of Love, he already knew the rules, and made sure my hair met their requirements.  Everywhere I go I am constantly receiving compliments on my new look.  I would recommend this place to everyone!!!
4	Went in today around noon as most places are not very busy in the middle of a weekday. Kelly, the owner, listened to what I wanted (I didn't bring any pictures--I meant it when I said I wanted something easy) and went to work right away. She was very nice, chatting with me about school and news, the usual topics of conversation at hair salons. The best part is that she was so gentle with my hair, from rinsing and conditioning to the end. I have a lot of thick hair that tangles easily, but Kelly somehow worked around it!The cut turned out very nicely. She worked carefully, finished it off with a hair dryer and invited me back. The price was only $20 (styling is optional for another $10) for a trim, layering and the razor effect that lessens the "I just got a hair cut" look. Great price, great experience!
5	O Mighty Isis... Kelly is awesome!I've been going here since about 2008. I moved to Vegas and I had to find another hair stylist. The reviews raved about James so I decided to give it a try. I never got James but that's nothing to hold against them since I just went with whomever was available.Got my hair done, looked at it and thought: "Yeah. No bad. This will do." At the time, I think I was shopping around and I figured Isis would just be the first of many that I tried out. Yet, I didn't try any other salons. I think deep down I knew I found the place for me and I was fortunate to find it on the first try.Why go anywhere else? The salon has everything I need.The Secrets of Isis...1. Good price. Cut, Style, Shampoo, and Color for way under $90.00 (even with tip). Don't want to say the price in case it's different for other people but it's VERY low compared to prices in San Diego and LA. Seems it's fairly low in relation to what some of my friends pay here in Vegas.2. Kelly listens to you. There's a fine line with salonists since they have to listen to what you want but lets be honest, they do know more about hair than most of us. So Kelly will suggest things: "I think you'll like a little lighter". Nothing wrong with that. A suggestion and nothing more. If I don't want it, there's no fighting, attitude, or anything like that. She listens to me, offers her own spin, and it's up to me if I want it or not. Sometimes I take the advice and I haven't been sorry when I do. I presume the others are good as well but Kelly's the one that does my hair so I can only truthfully speak about her.3. Good customer service. I always make an appointment. I moved further away (yet still go to Isis) so I don't want to take a chance on a walk in and finding the place busy. My appointments are always on time. I've never arrived for a 2:00 appointment and seen disorganization that results in me waiting for 30 minutes or more like with some other places. They know the logistics of running a business.In addition they are friendly when they work with you. She'll chat with you if she senses you're in a conversational mood. When I'm not, she just senses that and pleasantly works in the background.4. They know how to cut hair. I've experienced not just my hair but the styles of people around me. Each finished cut (be it man, woman, or child) looks stylish and good for the person. It's just an opinion but the finished product on others "looks" professional and good. As for my hair, I've never had a issue with waiting for my style to grow out with Isis.So if you want a decent priced quality haircut go to Isis. It's in a strip mall (although a clean and safe looking one) but don't let that fool you. That just means they're smart enough to not pay premium rent. They're good enough that people will come no matter where they're at. After all I moved about 10 miles further away yet I still go to Isis.
5	Isis is AWESOME! I have been going to Kelly since I was in high school. I admit that I have strayed a few times & my hair always get messed up & end up choppy. Kelly is always there to rescue me! I have extremely long & thick Asian hair. She is meticulous & know exactly how to cut my hair keeping it long but light. Isis is not a fancy hair salon with modern decor but the stylists are experienced & know what they are doing. Their price is also very reasonable! I vowed to never stray again!
5	I made an appoint with Kelly many months ago when my boss suggested I try her (my boss also is a client of Kelly's) and I was so tickled pink that someone actually gave me exactly what I wanted & no one has touched my hair since!My appointment on 1/28/12 was just a trim of my already amazing cut but even though she likes my natural brown hair I wanted to try something new so I asked her for a few highlights. Can we say I LOVE MY HAIR!No one but Kelly will touch my hair for as long as I live in Vegas!(The hair style in my profile photo is NOT Kelly's work!)
5	I wasn't in dire need of a haircut just yet, but after consulting with my daughter, she recommended I try to go see Kelly at Isis. On a whim, I stopped by and happened to arrive just as they were opening up and Kelly greeted me - she was free and agreed to do my hair right away. I told her I really didn't know what I wanted, just that I was tired of the way it looked. She did a wonderful razor cut that managed to give my hair some volume and a different texture, in addition to giving it a cuteness I hadn't seen in a while. :)   By the way, the price was excellent (just $20 for my short hair). Walk-ins are welcome, but it might not be a bad idea to make an appointment. Kelly was very friendly, talkative, and efficient - I would highly recommend her salon to anyone. I will definitely be visiting her again!
4	I'm so glad that everyone here speaks exceptional English. I always have difficulty with most Asian-owned salons due to the language barrier but thankfully that's not the case here. I called around 2:30 on a Sunday to ask if they have an opening in the next hour or two. They told me to come around 3:30. I came earlier than my appt and saw that the two ladies were both working on customers, but in less than 10 minutes was immediately taken care of. I got Kim, who reminded me of those friendly Korean auntie. She was sweet and she understood exactly what I wanted, she even gave advice on how to make the cut compliment my face shape better. The end result looked good, and without even asking she put layers in, which to me was the winning move that will make me come back again. Haircuts start at $15, I paid $25 plus tip for mine which is at least $10 cheaper than the other salons I've been to. Yup, I think I've found my new go-to salon :)
5	I went to see james down at beauty to beauty because of the reviews and didn't really get the hype. I went back to ISIS on a whim (plus they're closer to my house) and got Kim.  That was 2 years ago and I go back to her every time.  Kim is fantastic, this salon isn't super fancy but they are affordable, my hair is consistently cut well all the time, and I can always walk in when i'm free and hardly ever have to wait.  It's only $15 for a cut but I always give $25 because I feel like it's worth it.  I get my hair cut with tons of layers and it looks great from the day it's cut to weeks afterwards. Highly recommend!
5	I have never loved a haircut so much till I got here. I read reviews here on Yelp and they didn't disappoint at all. I called to schedule for Kim and she is the nicest hairdresser I've had in a while. It's so hard to find a good hair salon but thank goodness for Isis. Shampoo, haircut (layers & side bangs), blow dry, straightened and styled with my thick, frizzy, long, unhealthy hair for $30? I'll be coming here from now on. Thank you Kim!
4	I have really long hair. Usually when I walk into a salon the stylists are all like ohhhh you have such long hair.... charge extra!!!! haha I rarely get trims but I had been noticing an increase of split ends lately probably due to an increase of me using hot tools on it.. Any who. I really wanted a trim on Saturday after work because I was taking my boyfriend out for his birthday. Called them and they were able to squeeze me in! I was 5 minutes late OOPS. James was my stylist. He asked me what I wanted and did exactly that. I asked him if he could straighten my hair for me too and he did. While I was getting my hair done his next appointment came in and I was worried that he would start to be pressured to just finish my hair and not do the best job but he still continued to do a great job piece by piece! The best part of all this was that for a trim and straightening only cost $25!!! I tipped him $8 because I was very satisfied! I will definitely be back here! My only gripe with this place is that it was so awkwardly quiet... at least turn on some music! HAHAHOT TIP: The stylist that was here before as mentioned in past reviews from a couple years back was also named James.. So don't get them confused and they were also both Korean as are pretty much all the stylists here~!
4	I tried out Isis Salon about a month ago.  After reading the reviews on Isis, I decided to give it a try! Kelly was great! She was nice and listened to what I wanted. I loved the way my hair turned out! I got a haircut and partial highlights for $85 (half of what I normally spend!). Awesome price! I've gone to expensive salons before and just got an okay service....now that I've found Isis, I will definitely be coming back!
1	I went to Isis after seeing the yelp reviews, but unfortunately I did not have the same experience that everyone else had. My boyfriend and I both had our haircut by James. My boyfriend's hair came out fine, but I had the worst experience of my life. I had really long and thick hair, and simply asked for a TRIM. Before I knew it, half my beautiful hair was on the floor. I now have a mullet! James kept thinning and thinning until nothing was left. If you are a woman, do NOT go to James. Or, if you do, make sure he understands that you don't want to look like a boy.
4	nice place really and Good hair cut overall ; is a good old fashion saloon , the guy James understood what I was looking for an easy short hair cut not really in style but still he add a nice dimension too it , pretty smooth through the time he was cutting even though he didn't mention a word  it was a Good capital G experience  and the only reason that I dot give the fifth star is because for such a simple haircut I was expecting to pay 12 not 15 but it is why it is besides they do have a wonderfully touch ...
5	I love this place.  Kim has been my stylist for almost a year, and she is the best! She listens to what you want, or if you show her a picture she can give you a cut almost identical! I came here because of the reviews on Yelp, and felt I had to post my own recommending the salon. It's a no frills place, they don't try to sell you products as you are leaving! :)  It's a local business for me, and I love supporting them, plus they do a good job.  Note they have recently changed their name to Family Hair.
5	A few months ago, my hair was very long and I needed a change. I was mostly tired of the maintenance and honestly, it was getting ridiculous. Anyway, I researched several options for hair donations and discovered that Locks of Love has the only program that takes chemically-treated hair. Even if they are not able to use your hair to create the actual pieces for children, they will sell it to fund their non-profit organization. Since my hair has been colored in the past, this was perfect. So, based on my ability to donate hair, it was an easy decision to cut at least ten inches. I haven't had a hair stylist for a couple years, so I asked a few people for recommendations. My friend Hally told me how much she loves her stylist, Kelly, based on several successful appointments and I was convinced! We coincidentally booked consecutive appointments on the same day, so I was able to watch Kelly in action while she was doing Hally's hair before it was my turn.When I sat down in Kelly's chair, I explained that I wanted to cut off a lot and needed it neatly done for my donation. I left everything else up to her. She asked what type of hair style I wanted and I said, "I don't know. I just don't want long hair anymore." Then, Kelly created a ponytail and after some consultation, we decided on a little over 12 inches to be removed (about 13-14 inches after everything). Before she began cutting, she asked if I was sure I wanted to do it - I couldn't wait to part with my hair. It was liberating and even without an actual trim, I was happy with the way shorter hair looked! From there, we settled on a shoulder-length asymmetrical cut that wasn't too dramatic with light side-swept bangs. She added some mellow highlights, then straightened and styled my hair. I absolutely LOVE the way it turned out!! I couldn't stop looking at it or touching it. That's success!Although I enjoyed my short hair, it wasn't very versatile in styling. So, I am growing my hair out again until inspiration strikes. When it does, I am absolutely coming back to Kelly. There is no doubt in my mind. I highly recommend her to everyone! Oh, and bonus: her services are very inexpensive!!
5	ms kim is very meticulous, fast and efficient! she is a kind korean woman and asks everything that you want. she pays attention to detail. she cuts my hair, husband and son (3 years) i love the shop because they are very family oriented and very cordial.james (ms kims husband) cut my sons hair and was very patient with him. he also does a lot of men hair cuts and does a good job. the shop has a good energy and is fairly clean. i recommend anyone to go to this salon.(NOTE: the name of the shop is now FAMILY HAIR)
4	Very nice and humble people. They did an awesome job and I loved the experience I would come back.
5	The first time I came here was nearly two years ago with a friend, because I was in desperate need of a trim and had just moved to Vegas and had no clue where to go. She suggested Family Hair (ISIS Beauty Salon at the time) because she and her mother got regular cuts there, so I decided to give it a shot. I've  got really fine, thin hair and as a result I get pretty nervous any time I go to a new stylist because a little bit of hair disappearing on me looks like a whole LOT disappearing. Hair is hair, and it grows back, but still!Sure enough, Ms. Kim did an amazing job that first time, adding in a few lengthy layers without thinning out my hair at all. I've had my hair cut by both her and James and I've had short trims as well as having a whole seven inches taken off and I've never had an issue and that's why I keep coming back! Compared to other salons I've frequented, this one is low-key and quiet, but very well-kept and comfortable. James pretty much didn't speak the entire time he cut my hair but I was totally fine with it--if you're the type who likes to get chatty with your stylists, this might be discouraging. For me, my main concern is how comfortable I feel in a salon and how much I trust the stylist who's handling my hair, and I have a great level of comfort and trust in Family Hair. The pricing is great, too! It means I can tip more and this wonderful family business deserves it.
1	DO NOT GO HERE....i dont know how they do on ladies hair.. But this review is strictly for men. Unless your in the military dont cut your hair here. Especially from that guy named JAMES! He talks and acts like he knows what he's doing but nope! He doesn't know jack shit. My dog could have cut my hair better. I grew my hair out so i can style it a certain way and this no skill "stylist" named JAMES literally turned my head into a fucking pineapple. And what pisses me off more is that he charges you and keeps telling you it looks great!.....after fucking your hair up he says stupid shit like " oh why dont come back tomorrow if you dont like it" well let me fucking think...i told u on the spot i dont like it and you try to fix the situation by putting your hands on my hair again? Are u fucking insane?!  It took me 6 months to grow out my hair and he gets his clippers and ZIP! I seriously thought Johnny Knoxville was behind me filming a prank. Lines were all fucked up. Squinting his eyes to fuck more shit up.... Oh god i cant stress this enough! Find a new fucking career! The "stylists" here are super outdated... Dont keep up with any trends. Salon looks like shit and smells like shit. Seriously save your money and time go down the street to beauty 2 beauty amazingg people there. I'm sorry to the readers for the profanity but trust me if u had to walk around looking like one of the Sesame Street characters u would be like me. Stay away.
1	I called today at 8:40AM and requested to have my hair touched up and recolored by 12:00PM. I have lots of hair and it's long. I wanted pretty much a baylage with blonde throughout. They said they could get it done so I arrived promptly at 9:30AM. Please keep in mind I really didn't think I would have any results being time sensitive so I was shocked when they said come in and we will get you out by then! BT Dubs this place is actually called Family Hair it's been renamed so I called and verified before I entered because I didn't want to stroll up into a kiddy shop and have that awkward moment.The ambience and decor is simple and warm. It's like your grandma or uncle is going to do your hair but they appear as if they have experience of course. The salon is packed with state of the art technology.Both James and Kim worked on my hair. They took 10 minutes to consult with me and listened to my needs and wants then they proceeded to let me know if it's realistic or not. Technique: Kim did my coloring and added more blonde throughout and enhanced my coloring (baylage highlights). She foiled my hair while instructing James. It took about a good 45 min to foil the coloring of my hair and I have a full head of hair and it's a lot. I wanted to go more blonde. It took about an additional hour for the coloring to set in and then 15 min to Tone. James finished my haircut and the results were okay but choppy. The coloring was the most important aspect. My coloring resulted in 3 colors and on top of that they were noticeable streaks meaning they did not blend the color throughout the head so you saw the break. The root is dark and then the start of the color begins. I looked like frankensteins wife with thunder highlights. I could not wear this for work and so I returned 3 days later to have it fixed. James and Kim are very nice customer service wise but it's the technique of the coloring. They recolored my entire head with a darker color thus making the previous trip useless. It did not fix the problem because the highlights are still not blended properly so I can still see the streaks where the break occurs but it does look wearable. Total cost: $140 for the 1st trip. Don't you think my 2nd trip should've been free because I was dissatisfied and I explained to them how I couldn't even wear it in public? They charged me $40 just to recolor my whole head one solid color but not fixing the actual problem which is they  destroyed my coloring by providing terrible highlights.
5	They recently changed the name. I guess because of the current events associated with the name. :)But my brother and mom swore by this place. Cheap and good skills from the staff.My brother is very picky and my mom complains a lot! So for them two to like a place must be heavenly. LOLI asked the lady how much dying my hair would cost and what normally would cost me $200 from a regular salon, is $80 in here.So yes.. i like this place. Plus it's closer so it's very convenient for me :)
5	The place is called Family Hair. Been going to this place a few times already and James is doing a great job. I love how he cuts my hair and gets exactly how I want my hair cut. Went to another place one time and was totally dissatisfied so I went back to Family Hair to get my hair fixed and James did wonders. Love this place and will never go to another salon as long as Kim and James are here.
5	This is my one and only place to get my haircut. The owners James and Kim are awesome in their craft. Genuinely nice and professional. FYI, they have since changed their salon to Family Hair.
