5	Great place! Great prices! Great hours! Great groomers!
1	I do not even know where to BEGIN. First.. I did review this place months back after taking my little dog here for a bath and nail trim.. it was $17. (She is 6lbs) All was well. A couple months later I brought my other little dog in for a hair cut. (Shaved all down. He is 6 lbs) it was $17. Last weekend I took BOTH little dogs in... It almost $60. Something didn't add up. I simply stated it seemed higher then the previous times. She said she did not have a record for my 2nd little dog. Weird? Well I do.. I have the bank statement of $17 and a picture I took of him same day leaving their place. The groomer called me later that day and said it bothered her I thought it was more expensive last time and that she would "check her records..." And call me back because that "isnt a way to run a business." Weird? You told me you didn't have a record for my dog? So. I checked MY banks statements from October (last time he got a cut) $17. I called her back to let her know.. I don't want the $22 back. I just wanted her to know. She said "I'm sorry! What is your phone number and name again so I can check my records at home for October. I will call you tomorrow!" Weird? A week later.. Still haven't heard from them.SECOND... The last after my 6 lb dog left there.. Every time you would touch her back she would yelp out of pain. 2 trips to the vet later.. She is now on two antibiotic / steroids for a SKIN INFECTION. Her entire back skin under her fur is basically peeling. It is awful. My vet said this is the second complaint on this groomer. I am not happy and will NEVER take my dogs back here.
5	I stopped going to Bark and Purr because I moved to Tempe about a year ago. After trying several groomers in my area and not being satisfied, I decided to take the road trip over to Bark and Purr and I was not disappointed! I have an extremely hairy german shepard, and this time of year his shedding is out of control. He came home weighing 10 pounds less than when I dropped him off! He was happy and taken great care of. He also has epilepsy, therefore I am ultra nervous about leaving him with someone that doesn't know what they're doing. But I am never worried about leaving him here. The entire staff is friendly and knowledgeable, and Andre loves to see them. Trust is extremely important to me when you're talking about my animals, they are my children. And I have that 100% here. Because of that I will continue to do the 25 mile drive from now on. Even though I will be spending more on gas, I'm saving on the grooming price. They are extremely affordable!!
5	I love Bark & Purr!  The only groomer that takes the time to get my little Chihuahua sparkling clean! Seriously, they scrubbed that dirty little girl from dingy brown to the white that she is supposed to be. :) For half the price of a chain pet store that I used to take her to, they do a full service groom which includes her teeth (which the chain store wanted extra for). She came home with an adorable little bandana, and smelled so nice. I would way rather support a local groomer any day, so from now on- Bark and Purr it is!
5	Excellent, the people are wonderful, helpful, so easy to work with, and really took care of my cat. I didn't realize they were out in Glendale, but so worth the drive! Will be going again.
5	Love this groomer.  My 3 Chihuahua's are a handful in the car going there but they behave when we are there.  My dogs know they are in the hands of animal loving people who care about the animal they are working on.  So a big five starts from Tony, Angel and Gidget
4	We have been going here for years. Grooming is cheaper. Staff are nice and animals always come home looking and feeling fresh. I get my small maltese groomed here for about $10 less than other places. The only negative is they are always changing their business hours so always call ahead. Currently, they open at 8AM Wed-Sun and closed Sun-Tues.
5	We moved here several months ago and if you have ever done that then you know how much work it is to find groomers, vets, and sitters you can trust.  I took my Shih tzu here based on good yelp reviews and I was not disappointed!  They did such a good job on him; nearly a week later he is still soft as a cotton ball.  The price is better than you can get at Petco or PetSmart.  Best of all, the shop is just down the road from us.  I feel much better leaving my baby here although it was five hours from drop off to pick up.  To be fair, it was just before Christmas and they were extremely busy.  However, we'll be back.
1	RUN!!!!! Pooooooor EXTREMELY POOR service what ever you do don't bother bringing your pet here the owner doubled the price all of the sudden when I question why she told me to come get my dog and hung up in my face shity customer service and jerks!! There are Plenty of other places to go to Don't pick this awful place!!..and to the owner screw you!!!
4	I'm so glad I found this place. I have a mini schnauzer and he requires a monthly grooming but it's difficult to find a groomer near me open on Sundays. I called yesterday (Sunday) and they were able to get him in of a grooming and nail clipping. I told the groomer what kind of style I wanted for my pup & When I picked him up I could tell he was so excited he finally got a awesome haircut. The staff was friendly and the prices very affordable. I will definitely return.
5	I took my two 'puppies' to Bark & Purr for the first time today and I'm so HAPPY I found this great place!  I had to cancel our appointment yesterday due to a dead battery in my car.  They were so courteous about the last minute cancel and made room for us today. They were short staffed today and they still did a FANTASTIC job.  They both looked so nice and smelled even better!  THANKS so much Trisha and Julie!  We will see you again in 6 weeks.
