5	I was excited to spot this shop in Edinburgh during a recent trip to Scotland & England. The small, elegant store has the full range of Penhaligon's products, and a tremendously knowledgeable staff. The young woman who assisted me helped me to identify scents I liked, and worked with me to test out the various fragrances. Ultimately, through a process of elimination, we narrowed down my choices until I settled on my favorite (Bluebell). Though the scents are by no means cheap, you do come away with the fragrance that works for YOU, and a very high quality product. This was a holiday treat for me, but one that will last me all year, I'm sure! A tremendously enjoyable, personalized experience... Luxuriant without being fussy. Go there, buy things!
4	I didn't really know what to expect from Penhaligon's, but I was pleasantly surprised! It's a small shop yeah, but it packs a punch with what it sells. It's nice to see it holding its own on George Street.The price is a bit hefty, but the quality is high. As my Gran would say, really bonny!
4	The thing that attracted me in the first instance, was that their fragrances are British made. Now totally hooked and all my smellies are Penhaligon's (mainly LP and Elixir).The staff know their stuff and are enthusiastic about what they sell. The shop is small and quirky but that kind of adds to the buying experience.Only down side is that some of the female staff are a little too enthusiastic and quick "nip in and pick up a new bottle" can turn into a ten minute lesson on layering etc.
5	Being sited on George Street, you would expect Penhaligon's to be a fragrance shop beyond the means of normal people. Although their wares are very fine, when you look at other companies with equivalent products they're actually quite reasonable (let's ignore every perfume you see in Superdrug as not being deserving of note). This branch is seen as one of the flagships in the UK, partly because the manager is so passionate and knowledgeable. Drop in for a blind test, let them waft aromatic tales past your nose and help you find out what's right for you - and with no pressure to buy, although you're certainly going to want to...
5	What a lovely shop!  Extremely well trained, highly educated, friendly and attentive staff.  No pressure sales from these two knowledgeable gentleman.  I am very pleased with the service I received and love the fragrance I purchased.  Definitely worth a stop and sniff.
