3	UPDATE:  2/9/06Hmm.....  the portions seems a little smaller, the prices seemed a little higher, and the chicken was not as juicy as I remembered.  Maybe it was an off night?  I hope so.++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++The most underrate meal in Phoenix!  I love Bandera.  It can get crowded during peak hours, but never outrageous.  I have eaten here many many times and I have never had a bad time.  The rotisserie chicken is the best I have had anywhere.  The smoked salmon appetizer is excellent.  The margaritas are fantastic.  Dark, stylish, comfortable booths, efficient and friendly service, and totally reasonable prices.  Yes, it is part of the Houston's chain.  But you know what?  They got the formula right here.
4	Fast service, great atmpsphere, and corn bread that I am STILL dreaming about.  Seriously now....this is the best corn bread on the planet. Next time I might just order a plate of it for dinner.
4	Jalapeno cornbread....yummmmmy.   Known for rotiserrie chicken and it is quite good and so is the rest of the menu.  I could get full on the cornbread and be fat and happy and ready to go.  There usually tends to be a wait on the weekends and last time we learned that no hats were allowed in the dining room.  A little stiff for a rotiserrie restaurant but it is still delish.
2	The last time I was at Bandera OJ Simpson was being chased down an LA freeway, so it was time to revisit this downtown Scottsdale favorite. A friend took me for my birthday, and I was surprisingly let down. The place really is too stiff for a rotisserie (as a fellow poster noted), and I think the prices are exceedingly high for mid-level food. Portions were small, and the staff was a little too formal for my taste. I don't plan to return.
4	Ordinarily, I hate chain restaurants.  But, this one wins me over.  Is it the fresh-squeezed grapefruit juice for their greyhounds?  The cornbread served in a mini-skillet?  The fabulous cheese dip appetizer?  That damn fine chicken?  I dunno.  Just know I like it!!!
4	I don't feel like I use the word "succulent" often enough in day-to-day conversation. I use it to describe Bandera. First off, I didn't even know it was a chain. And I say to that, whatever, it's a damn fine chain from what I can tell, so keep it up Bandera!Last time I was here I had the salmon special and it was delicious, while my girlfriend nibbled on a salad that she was so-so about. The appetizers are good and the service was pleasant, and I will have to wait to try a dessert till next time. Which hopefully is soon.
4	With Ra Next door, I think this is restaurant alley.  Bandera came as a recommendation and the prices were not too bad.  25 for some pretty good prime rib isn't too bad especially when you can expense it.  The wait time was about 10 minutes, but I can really see how this place can be super crowded on weekends.  I didn't try the chicken, but the other 3 folks who ordered it enjoyed it.
4	Tonight I had an excellent meal at Bandera.The jalapeo queso dip appetizer was quite tasty.  My rotisserie chicken sandwich was the best chicken sandwich I've ever eaten. The chicken was tender, the cheese was melted yet still flavorful and the bun complemented the flavors as opposed to just being filler.It was my first time visiting the restaurant and I was unaware that it was part of a chain. I think that speaks volumes about the establishment right there. I'm rating Bandera four stars instead of five because the prices were rather high for the size of the portions. That being said, the portions were what I would call "a good size" compared to say, Claim Jumper which has portions that are too large. Further, I think that Bandera could use a larger selection of beers and mixed drinks. Bandera was packed, something that surprised me for a Thursday night, and while I was able to get a table for two almost immediately, the background din made it difficult to hold a conversation or even clearly hear the server. I enjoyed the darker candle and track-lighting lit atmosphere, but it might be a turn off for some.I'm definitely going back to Bandera, but next time I'll be prepared and not wear a ball cap, as they aren't allowed in the dining room. ;-)
4	Warning: It's dark here. You may have to squint to see your food, or your date for that matter. The wait staff is friendly, although not very educated on wine pairings. Good thing I had my date to assist me. The chicken is super yummy, although quite large for one person. The sides are good, too. We had plenty left over and took it to go. I can attest that the food is just as good warmed up the day after. This is a good date spot, although I wish it weren't in Old Town in the tourist trap. It takes away from the appeal of going. But, don't let the location prevent you from trying it once. It's worth it.
4	I had the best rotisserie chicken ever in this restaurant.  Don't really know their secret but even with white meat, it's so tender and full of flavor!  You'll feel relaxed there, the waiters are so genuine and friendly that it seems like they really care about you.  I am always skeptical about having rotisserie chicken for dinner because I could live with Boston Market's anyway, but this one is so much better than any others I've tried.  The restaurant is roomy and dark but it's quiet enough to carry a good conversation with friends (in my case it's my boss.)  I greatly recommend this restaurant if you are in Scottsdale and want to eat chicken.
4	This is one of the best, most consistent restaurants in Scottsdale. I am a foodie who loves small independent-owned restaurants but there are always exceptions. This place is one of them. Don't follow the recomendations of the rest of the herd posting here though. The chicken is probably the last thing I would order on this menu. Not that it's bad. It's actually quite good. It's just that it doesn't compare to the rest of the items on the menu. Bandera has the best Filet Mignon I have ever had. They put a worcestire & chive filet butter on top that is out of this world. There beef ribs are also the best that I have ever had. They are meaty and tender and the barbecue sauce is out of this world. Other recomendations include the barbecue salmon (or any fish that they are offering), the sliced leg of lamb, the burger (delish!)and of course the cornbread. The service is always good as well. Bandera is one of my favorite restaurants in Scottsdale and it I would recommend it to anyone.
4	This place is just GREAT.  Have been coming here for a many years it is very well managed, the food - all of it is in some way special even the cheeseburgers are oblong very tasty and served on matching poppy seed rolls.  The roti chicken is incredible everyone at the table ate mine.  The garlic mashed potatoes- excellent, the wilted spinach - the best I have had.  Hey it's not cheap but the beers are only $5 - oh and the complimentary french bread is prepared on the grill with the grill marks in it.   Hey and the atmosphere is warm and fuzzy even if you are with 2 kids - ( oh and they loved it too)
4	Last year, the group I was with and I tried everything on the menu.  Or so it seemed.  Or so I remember.  I don't know; I was drunk.  I do remember, however, that their prime rib was awesome!  I'll try to update this review when I get back this year if I go again.
5	UPDATE: You know what, I'm changing my stars to 5 for this guy, I just like it that much, really good food, really friendly folks.  Yes, you're 5 star Bandera.****Great atmosphere, great eating, great service.  I got the fillet and it was excellent, lots of butter used to make sure of that.Oddly, my friend also ordered the fillet and 15 minutes later mine came out, and a minute after that my friend got the manager instead of the fillet.  The manager explained that they ran out of fillets (they had also been out of chicken but we knew that pre-ordering).  They apologize, took a wine off the check, and blasted a prime rib out after about 3 minutes wait (sorry person who had that snagged from the heat lamps).  Nice service save.
4	Let your nose lead the way....This is one of the few restaurants that can draw you in by olfactory senses alone, thanks to a giant outside rotisserie that seems to excite your senses and it only gets better.The food is simply wonderful, I recommend trying the Southwest Corn bread appetizer to start off the evening and all of the entrees are extraordinarily well done. I have dined at Bandera numerous times with everyone from in-laws to business associates trying numerous dishes including fish, chicken, lamb, and steaks. The lamb will melt in your mouth, the chicken is wonderful, and the steaks enchilada style are sizzling in more ways than one! It's been a wonderful experience each time as far as the food and the atmosphere. The lighting is wonderful, it casts a very warm flattering glow over the ugliest of my friends and it is definitely a place to take a date or celebrate with friends. Well over 95% of the time the service is spot on, they are responsive, friendly, accurate, etc.  but there have been a few small preventable mistakes (the nights in question were very busy so it is somewhat understandable).
4	Every time I come to Phoenix to visit my friend over the past 4 years, I always want to eat here. It's excellent.  A chain? Not sure....The cornbread and artichoke is excellent (the best artichoke my husband ever tried... keep in mind he's only eaten it with me).  The Cesar salad is excellent. I think they use the cornbread as croutons. Yummy!The ribs are my favorite here. I haven't tried anything else because the above appetizers and ribs are too much food for me.I would have given this place 5 stars BUT they CHANGED the peanut coleslaw recipe!!!   NOOO.......  I don't like cole slaw, but their peanut one was incredible. I would order extra sides of it, because it was so delicious.  I haven't been here for ~1 year, and the cole slaw turned into a salad kind of thing with peanuts sprinkled on top.  awful.... it was not very good.  What a disappointment. Don't know anyone who makes coleslaw like that. It was incredible. I wish it would come back....
5	I really like this place... Michael and I mostly go the takeout route using the 'Flying Chicken' as they like to call it.  I think they were one of the first restaurants to offer curbside pickup for takeout.  I have also been here to dine, but not in awhile... For the most part we pick up a quick to go dinner that is somewhat healthy if you leave out the awesome mashed potatoes or cornbread... really you should not leave these out;).  The rotisserie chicken is awesome... perfectly seasoned and moist and delicious and reasonably priced.  The young man who was handling the takeout side of things for Bandera's was so nice and attentive... so give them a call... tell them what you would like... pull up in your car and they will bring it out to you... and you are on your way.  PERFECT!
4	Hey, not every place has to be The French Laundry.  Everyone needs restaurants in their little black book that are just always a solid experience.Bandera reminds me of Houstons (same owners?) and has a gorgeous layout and open kitchen that give the place a great energy.  Their specials are well rounded for the fish lovers, just in case someone doesn't want a big slab of moo, and their appetizers are good enough to have just as the meal.  Desserts are straight-forward and well executed.Round that out with a decent wine list (a lot of the wines are by the glass, which is HUGE) and a full bar that knows how to do your drink and you have a bar that gets a "solid" rating.  It's location makes it easy to walk to quite a few other restaurants or bars and of course downtown Scottsdale and "The Waterfront"  are one of the best places to hang out in America for the evening.
5	I am a big fan of Bandera's food, atmosphere and location. I have been dining here for years and always enjoy myself. The employees seem to take great pride in this place, and so should we. Try the steaks, ribs, and the chicken (their pride and joy).It is somehow affiliated with Houston's (though I haven't figured out how exactly).  The happy hour crowd here can be fun on occasion.
5	Lots of reviews for Bandera, so I'll keep it simple. If you like cornbread, you have to try theirs! But schedule time for the gym the next day...trust me on this one! Enjoy!
5	So I first went to this place on a business trip with my colleagues. It is a great place. A somewhat classier restaurant though I got in, in warm ups and a t-shirt (after paintballing). At night it's dimly lit and during the day they open up the windows. They have only 2 beers on tap, but both are excellent choices. Stella and Kilt Lifter my favorite beer in the universe brewed right in Tempe! Check my other reviews for more info on that beer. Anyway, they have specials every night so when I took my family the other night I ordered the apricot glazed meatloaf it was phenoninal but I tried everyones plate. So I can personally speak to...the meat loaf, sword fish, Ahi Tuna, chicken enchilada's, and the prime rib sandwhich. All of those were fantastic except the enchiladas I found those to be "ok", but not phenominal like the rest of the menu. For appetizers they have a duo dip (guac & cream cheese kind of dip) its very good, I also have had their deviled eggs & corn bread. Also extremely good. Everytime I have been to this place there service has been great, it is a perfect setting for a first date. I believe its a dinner only joint that opens @ 4pm. They take reservations. Enjoy!
4	I really like Bandera.  I really LOVE their cornbread.  Best dang cornbread I've ever had.  I dream about it in fact.  Food is always great, service is usually great as well.  Great place to take guests if you're not sure what they like.My only complaint...Bandera is a fairly casual restaurant, yet last time I was there my father was asked to remove his cap.  No biggie, he willingly obliged, but then I noticed the staff didn't seem to have a problem with the cute little thing wearing hers at the next table.  Come on, be consistent guys.
4	Great quality food and the service is great.  I would go back again.Only reason I gave a four star vs five is the price -- it's pretty expensive for what it is...but still good nevertheless.
4	8 things i love about you bandera:1. your welcoming atmosphere - thank you for opening your kitchen doors to us - literally! walking through it made me feel like you had nothing to hide and everything to share!2. your super friendly service - clean-cut uniforms with little sheriff like badges with your names on them, super smiley and attentive service, and just enough attention to keep our conversation flowing and our food & drink coming.3. your easy parking - lots of street parking and a quiet lot with special places to put my car. 4. the way you fit right in - with matching yet modern decor to the old town scottsdale outside, you set the mood. i feel like biting straight into your famous flying chicken and ordering me an old-fashioned gimlet! 5. your love letter of a menu - with wooing words of homey sides and starters, and a well varied assortment of meat, fish, vegetables, and desserts, i was spoiled even before beginning my meal. 6. your cornbread - could i ask for anything warmer, sweeter, or comfier? with bites of jalapeno and delicious crunchy parts, you had me at corn--.7. your banana cream pie - with real chunks of fruit (yes!), and a wonderful praline-like crust, you were lighter and healthier than i expected. all the more reason for me to want you more.8. the way you make me wanting more - i need to see you again. i long to see you again. for those beef ribs. for that prime rib. for that barbequed salmon. and to revisit that grilled halibut and mexican cucumber salad. mMmmM.
5	I finally made it back to Banderas to actually dine in the restaurant.  I am still dreaming of the macho salad... I think I am in love!  This salad is so good it has Roasted Chicken, Avocado, Chopped Dates and Goat Cheese... I cannot wait to come back.  Michael had their dinner special which was the mushroom meatloaf with mashed potatoes and spinach; I tried this also and it was so good.  I wish Bandera was open for lunch I would come here every week!
5	Wow, what a fabulous restaurant! We were greeted with big smiles as we walked in the door. 20 minute wait on Friday night was great. Cocktails were wonderful...Bartender knew what he was doing.Our Server was fabulous. Big smile, good sense of humor and anxious to make us happy. We tried Prime Rib (outstanding), Steak with Enchilada (also outstanding) and two enchiladas (wonderful). We all had the Mexican cucumber salad with our entrees and it was delightful. The enchiladas had a savory sauce unlike I had had before it was fantastic.Service was outstanding... water always filled, cocktails refreshed, check-in often and very personable.We'll be back again soon! I can HIGHLY recommend Bandera...You won't be disappointed!
5	Are you looking for the ultimate cornbread?  Order the cornbread skillet (last time I ate it was $4 for a 5" or 6") and you'll search no more!  I began my ventures here on the recommendation of a coworker after I mentioned eating complimentary cornbread from Z'Tejas and the $2 basket at Redfish Grill and Bar.  I first started having one huge slice (you can substitute a slice for a side that comes with their entrees).  I then graduated to just ordering the skillet and having two slices.  On my next visit I had half of the pan (the server even commented how the meal I was having that night wasn't very nutritious).  I seriously believe that my corn allergy was aggravated with my obsession of Bandera's cornbread skillet :(I was able to try two entrees on separate occasions before I went stir-crazy on the cornbread.  Bandera is known for their rotisserie chicken, so do try some.  The salmon is also very good.  For sides, the spinach and glazed carrots are nice.  The enchilada my aunt tried was also quite tasty!  To help keep your wallet padded, have lunches here instead of dinner.  The vibe here is usually subdued, with great-looking staff and clientele occupying space, but it can get quite noisy on busy nights.  In the summer, try to sit at a booth with the window cracked open.  So refreshing, and quite relaxing- almost like having dinner at one of your chalets.
4	Some of the trendier places in Old Town Scottsdale seem to draw a progressive crowd. Of course, this being Arizona, that means that only half the crowd is armed. Bandara is such a place. I was greeted warmly by a bubbly hostess. Seated quickly and greeted again by a server. The menu is concise. In fact, I was surprised how skinny it was but after looking, it was all quality. The wine list was not special but they did have many by the glass selections which was gerat because no one else was interested in wine. Silly people.I went with the filet. Two petite filets with whipped potatoes. They were perfect and heavenly. The other two at my table had been here before and raved about the desserts. They were pretty good but not jawdropping.Solid four stars.
5	Is this the best restaurant in Olde Town?  Maybe.Great service, beautiful ambience.  Great place for a date.  Rotiserrie chicken with the rice is my favorite dish. It is just so damm good.  Not over expensive either.  Great deserts as well.Guys who read this take a date their.  You wont be sorry.
3	The ribs were outstanding.  The cole slaw was unique AND good.  I was excited about the chicken, but it didn't deliver.  It was good, but definitely not "The best rotisserie chicken on the planet" as many have proclaimed (some might argue that I could get better (i.e., less dry) rotisserie chicken at any number of Costcos or El Pollo Loco's.  I wouldn't go that far, but it's close.)Next time I'll pass on the deviled eggs and dessert, which were both forgettable.The environment was perfect.  Lighting, noise level, unpretentious without giving way to the shorts and flip-flops, and the parking, oh the parking.
4	I have to say, the skillet made cornbread definitely lived up to the hype!  It is SO GOOD, a crunchy sweet crust on top, a savory, almost muffin like inside that is filled with cheddar cheese, jalapenos, and maybe even some onions and chives.  Wow, TASTY!  and totally worth the $5 for an app. to share.  Now, I have read other reviewers say that the rotisserie chicken is the king.  So I had it, and I have to quote Jim Carrey in Liar Liar - "I've had better."  It was good chicken, I have certainly had better other places.  The spanish rice, however was the best I have had. now that is good stuff.  Too much cilantro on their escabeche made it awkward to eat.  It was a great place to eat, perfect lighting, AMAZING waiter service, and tasty local Amber brew.  Great place for a night out in Old Town....
4	I love to go to Bandera to start my evening off.  I've had there dinners in the past, but the most memorable food item there is their Dip Duo with Tortilla chips and their yummy Mojitos.  Bandera is a cool place to start off the night with a good appetizer and a strong drink.
5	a GREAT place with a warm, friendly , classy atmosphere.   the lighting is perfect.....Bandera gets it!!     definitely a cool, but un-pretentious vibethey deliver in the food & drink department .     all of the mention of the rotisserie chicken & corn bread is right on the money.   everything i have tried has been savory & delicious.on of my favorites in scottsdale!
3	Bandera is a solid restaurant, not out of this world but very solid. It is famous for the chicken which my brother ordered and was then highly disappointed. The line to get in was out the door for 4 nights in a row. This may have been because of spring training or maybe its like this every night, who knows. The food is good but maybe not worth the hefty price. The menu was somewhat limited but the server was really helpful and knew it inside/out. I had the steak/enchilada combo and it was good, but seemed to be cooked before hand then preheated when ordered. The cornbread is very good but a little does go a long way.  The french fries were unique and delish. The smash hit was the oreo ice cream dessert which was truly very memorable.
4	My friends and I checked this place out pre-Cinco de Mayo last night based on its pretty darn decent Yelp reviews, and I wasn't disappointed! Even my coworkers were impressed with my good-restaurant-picking-abilities in a strange town...thanks, fellow Yelpers!Atmosphere-wise, it bears an uncanny resemblance to Houston's...and the cuisine isn't terribly different, either. Despite how busy it appeared to be, our party of 4 was seated immediately, and our waitress was super friendly...even chatted us up a little about where we were from, etc., and provided us with some good beer recommendations.For starters we went with the Dip Duo with Tortilla Chips. The duo of dips turned out to be a pretty chunky guacamole, which was very refreshing, and some kind of queso dip...I'm not sure exactly what was in it, but it was very yummy...they also brought us more chips after we'd polished off the ones that originally came with the dips, which I appreciated. For dinner, I ended up ordering the fish special, which was a grilled cajun blue nose, which is, as our waitress kindly informed us, in the the snapper family and is a mild, flaky white fish. And it was JUST fabulous...I enjoyed every bite of it! It came with a little cucumber salad, which was just basically thickly sliced cucumbers tossed with a light dressing that had cilantro and corn in it...and some other stuff that I can't identify, but it complemented the fish wonderfully. Obviously my meal wasn't probably the classic Bandera meal, what with the lack of steak and all, but my experience was nothing but good, so 4 stars it is! I noticed they have a Brentwood location, so I might have to check it out once I'm back home...maybe I'll give one of their steaks a try!
4	Scottsdale has some pretty standard restaurants I could find back in CA: Mastro's, Morton's, Ruth's Chris, Wildfish, etc.  Bandera was a safe choice for dinner and I was pleasantly surprised to find that they had a slightly different menu than the one I go to in Corona del Mar.We started off with the grilled artichokes with a garlic aoli sauce, deviled eggs, and, of course, the infamous cornbread.  The grilled artichokes were standard fare, simply grilled and seasoned but tasty nonetheless.  The deviled eggs were ok, there were parts of the yolk that hadn't cooked fully through and were slightly congealed.  Also, the filling was a bit too acidic for my tastes.  The cornbread, however, was perfection.  A heaping, crumbly carb filled with corn, queso, and jalepeno.  Yum.  I almost finished the whole pan, that's how yummalicious it was.  If you go here, you must, must, must order the cornbread.  For dinner, I had the grilled loup de mer with a side of tabbouleh and mac n cheese.  The loup de mer was grilled perfectly, was very tasty. The tabbouleh was good, not too lemony and the parsley was in perfect balance.  The mac n cheese is my absolute fave here at Bandera.  The shells are perfectly al dente, the cheese isn't too cheesy, and they top it off with panko bread crumbs.  Ahhh, a dish after my heart.  This is a must have, IMO.  My friend had the ribs and they were super yummy, but I'm not really a ribs kinda gal.  If you dig ribs though, they were falling off the bone, no knife needed. All in all, it was a pretty good dining experience.  Next time I'm in Scottsdale though, I'll try something a little more adventurous.
5	Awesome cornbread for a starter. Wifey had a great chicken salad where they use real grilled chicken instead of that weird chicken breast stuff that's at most places. I had the filet and it was phenomenal! Cooked to a perfect rare with a great worcestershire butter topping it.Our waiter was also on top of his game and took great care of us. I will definitely be going back next time I'm in that area.
5	One of my fav's- They also have stores in Los Altos and Sacto.  I used to be stuck on the Chicken, but now it's the steak and enchiladas- If it's in season, be sure to have some of the cold vegetable salad- "Escoveche" or something close to that.  Great martini's and the service- well a buddy of mine lost a couple hundred dollars and got it back the next day.  This place is full of integrity and good food too!!  Try to get one of the open air booth's.
4	Houston's, but with a less extensive menu...that's what people say about this place.And they are right...to an extent...so that probably explains why I actually like the place:)The Beautiful Carin and I wandered over for dinner the other evening (as you can see, I am a little bit behind on writing my little review-like stories:)We have been a number of times over the years because when you live in Old Town Scottsdale, Bandera is:* Close* Pretty Decent Food* Close* Pretty Good Martinis* CloseWe generally go to Bandera in the summer and fall when the crowds are gone and they seem almost pathetically happy to see us walk through the door:)I do enjoy the corn bread...like corny, bready candy:)And the martini's are big and chock full of vitamin V (and priced somewhat less than the marti's at AZ88:)The food has always been good, the short ribs, the rotisserie chicken, the prime rib...you know, just good, solid, all-american fare:)Bandera is probably nothing you'd go out of your way for, and certainly nothing that I would queue up for a 90 minute wait for (during the winter months), but worth the stroll over this time of year:)So, if you're in Old Town and looking for corn bread, braised short ribs and an ice cold vodka marti, stop in and see the folks at Houstera...I mean Bandston's...oh, you know what I mean:
3	Decent.  Used to be one of our regular bike night stops several years ago.  A small bribe could get you a quick table back then but HOG parking had to be at Myron's place down the street.  I still prefer Houston's for my bistecca and anything else American.
4	The cornbread is fantastic!  It is a MUST HAVE!  Be prepared to wait for a table (during peak dinner hours), but the wait has never been more than 15 minutes.  The BBQ is unique and the portions are large.  The crowds is always eclectic, energetic, and typical for Scottsdale.  Worth a visit!
5	A MUST, every time I go to Scottsdale! The best "Mashed Potatoes" you have ever tasted. I haven't figured out what is chopped up in them, but they are heavenly!The rib and chicken combo is our perennial favorite to share. It is alot of food for the money! The ribs just fall off the bones, they are so tender and nice!Yes,  the cornbread is spectacular.  I LOVE this place!
5	We were on our way to the Pink Pony only to find it closed down...so sad another tradition gone...thanks economy!  Luckily Bandera is alive and kicking...this place was packed...hostess told us it would be a 30 minute wait for a table (Saturday Night)...we were able to snag a spot at the bar immediately.  We got lucky!  The food was fantastic...like always.  I don't think there is anything bad on this menu.  The Bartender talked us into the trout queso as an app...it was really good. The prime rib was so good (medium rare) and don't forget a side of mac and cheese.  I'm getting hungry again just typing this. We did not have desert but I've had the key lime pie here in the past and it is fantastic.  It is not always on the menu...so call ahead.
5	Outstanding food for a decent price.  You can get a good bottle of wine for $30 to $40.  Try doing that at Maestro's.   Lots of compliments from other Yelpers on the cornbread, but it's a little too heavy for my taste.  My favorite dishes are:  artichoke heart as an appetizer is unreal.  Best ribs I've ever had and I lived in Texas for 6 years.  Great filet.  Great prime rib dip sandwich.
4	If you come here for dinner on a weekend, prepare to wait.  This place is popular, and deservedly so.  They told us the wait would be 30 minutes, and it was 30 minutes.  Honesty, plus 1.  The service was super friendly and everyone seemed to remember our names, another plus 1.  The food came out very promptly and with no problems, plus 1.  We ordered the corn bread, which was HUGE (enough to share with four people) and came with some onions and jalapenos.  Warm and good (if you like what's inside).  Then we split their rotisserie chicken and their pork ribs.  I'm not a huge fan of pork, or of ribs, but these pork ribs were absolutely delicious.  They slid off the bone with no problem, and they were just the right amount of sweet and with very little fat.  The chicken was also pretty good, but I found it a bit dry.It would have deserved 5 stars if the chicken was a bit more juicy and if they had a larger menu.  As it was, the menu was a bit limited.
4	I must first admit that I have not had the cornbread, and now I am looking forward to going back.I went with my mom and she ordered the Rotisser Chicken...I got to try it...it was amazing. I'm totally impressed with how the chile flavor penitrated the chicken. I think this is probably the best chicken I have had. She also got the cucumber salad...YUM! I would have been sad I didn't order the same thing...but the Mushroom Meatloaf with mashed potatoes was so tasty too! Next time though...I will order the chicken! But I got the wild mushroom meatloaf and it was just as good as the chicken....the mashed potatoes were good too!It was a very satifying meal
4	I like Bandera because it offers the quintessential multi-sensory experience.  As you walk from their parking lot you're given the opportunity to experience a blast of heat put off by the intense fire roasting their rotisserie chickens.  Once inside you are offered the opportunity to watch the chefs race each order to near perfection.  Plenty of booth seating provides a great way to converse with the people you are eating with, and many seats around the bar enable you to chat it up with the staff.  And all of that leaves the food - the most important sensory experience of any restaurant.Bandera's food is quite good and that has led me to eating there more times than I can recall.  I am by no means a connoisseur, but I feel as though I am experienced enough with Bandera to suggest some pretty solid options.  Their rotisserie chicken and cornbread (perhaps two dishes that the restaurant is best known for) are very good.  I am a big fan of ordering a grilled artichoke for my appetizer and then following that up with the chicken enchiladas.  With that dish you get all the benefits of their great chicken, but with the added variety that enchiladas offer.  Plus the management at Bandera has been altruistic enough to enable you to get an additional enchilada for $1 more.  Yet don't ask for a third enchilada for $1 because you won't get it; believe me I've tried.  And as I said just a few sentences earlier, their cornbread is really good.  So be my lemming and always order a skillet of this Bandera specialty - the jalapenos in this cornbread really set it apart.
5	After reading some glowing reviews of Bandera (specifically of their 'best on the planet' cornbread) here on Yelp, Krashawnda just had to try the place. We went on a Friday night and were quoted a wait time of about 45 minutes, though they actually were able to get us in a bit quicker. The hostess was extremely helpful and polite and accommodated us really well; even though we missed our name being called while we were out walking... upon returning she was overly apologetic and concerned with getting us the next available table even though it wasn't her fault... kudos for that. The ambience in the place is superb. As some others have mentioned it is a little dark, but we enjoyed that and found it to be rather relaxing and romantic. If you happen to be on a date this would be a great place to snuggle up in a booth together to enjoy the night. The darker lighting and decor creates a classy feel without feeling too pretentious like some other Scottsdale locales... although like any nice Scottsdale restaurant it's going to be hard to completely avoid the 'tool factor'... you're still likely to see a few spray tanned  Scottsdalians with their collars popped getting fueled for a night of mindless club hopping. Now for the best thing about this place... the food! The menu is pretty basic, no Cheesecake Factory bible-sized menus; just one page chock full 'o yummy easily recognizable dishes. We started out with a couple of appetizers; the deviled eggs and the much talked about cornbread. First off the deviled eggs were very tasty... I'm not sure what they used in them, but they had this slightly chunky consistency and the taste was different than the usual homemade deviled eggs I'm used to... kind of like deviled eggs on steroids; very good and cheap (About three bucks for four of them, perfect just to try). Next on the docket was the much ballyhooed cornbread. I've never been a huge fan of cornbread... but I have to admit; the other Yelpers are right on the money here; it's the best cornbread I've ever had. Each bite was like little fireworks of buttery crunchy goodness going off in my mouth. They cook the cornbread in this perfect way so that it's crunchy on the outside yet soft and moist on the inside. It really is heavenly... and this is coming from someone who usually passes on cornbread. For our main dish we split the rotisserie chicken sandwich and a half rack of pork ribs. Both were amazing... the ribs fell right of the bone and were served on a bed of super thin crunchy French fries. The chicken in the sandwich was cooked perfectly and just melted in your mouth. The sandwich also came with a small salad which was sprinkled with some kind of nuts and tasted very fresh. The portions were perfect... not too much but certainly enough to fill you up. We saved just enough room to try their 'Homemade Oreo Cookie Sandwiches'... and I'm really glad we did, I squealed with delight each bite I took... it was amazing. They were basically two medium sized crispy chocolate cookies stuffed with homemade Oreo ice cream... served on a bed of hot fudge. It was everything I imagined it would be and more; definitely one of those deserts that doesn't disappoint you when they bring it out. It's one of the best desserts I've had in a while. To add to everything, the service was also very prompt and courteous. We didn't have to wait long for our food (which is always nice) and our waitress was very attentive and friendly. We definitely got the feeling that they train their wait staff very well, the only close to negative thing I could say is that sometimes they might come off a little fake and disingenuous with how they always have a huge smile on their face; there's that feeling that they might be being nice to your face, then complaining about you when they're not by your table... but that's really nitpicking, in fact I don't know why I even mentioned it. One nice quirk was when they brought us our bill the 'customer copy' of the receipt was neatly folded over the credit card like a little piece of origami... cool little things like that make a big difference when looking back at your dining experience. From start to finish I'd have to say the place really blew us away... it's definitely the total package and it's somewhere I look forward to eating at again. I can't imagine anyone going here and giving the place anything less than four stars. As it stands right now it's a solid 5/5 from us. If you're in the mood for some solid grub in the medium price range this place is a sure shot
4	Bandera is just a great standard and they always do well.  I have been there a few times in the last year and have never been disappointed.  The service is fantastic - and yes, sometimes you do have to wait for a table - but thats old town on a Saturday.  They have a fantastic basil martini that is always worth trying not to mention a great wine list.  I was there last weekend with my mom; she had the ribs - which literally were falling off the bone delcious and I had the meatloaf.  The meatloaf was running a little late and the chef came out to apologize.  Afterwards, he came back to see how it was and I told him I wanted the recipe.  He took 5 mins out of his BUSY shift to explain to me how to make it and I really appreciated that.  Also the fries are soo good!  Bandera - I love you.
3	I went to Bandera when I first moved to AZ a few times and enjoyed it... and then a few years passed and I didn't really think about it.  But then all of a sudden, Bandera was on my mind.  I needed to go back!  Perhaps I was craving that cornbread or that warm atmosphere that I remembered, but for the past few weeks, I've been suggesting Bandera to whomever I'm eating with so I could return.I saw Bandera at Noche De Gourmet, and that just put it in my head even more.  So finally, this past Sunday night, I convinced my dining companions to go to Bandera!It was around 7:30pm... it was me, Jared, my parents, and Joan M (my mother-in-law).  We'd all worked up an appetite watching my brother complete in IronmanAZ.  We arrived at Bandera and luckily, there was no wait.I ordered the cornbread and grilled artichoke as appetizers for the table.  A few of us enjoyed a bottle of wine.  Our server was really sweet although perhaps a bit annoyed when my dad attempted to special order the sides that came with his fish.  My mom had the meatloaf, I had the Macho Salad, J had the rotisserie chicken, and Joan had a Caesar Salad and side of brussel sprouts.While I really enjoyed the appetizers and wine, my meal was not all that... On the menu, the Macho Salad is described "with Roasted Chicken, Avocado, Chopped Almonds and Goat Cheese." I ordered it without the almonds but it had some other surprises in there as well including cornbread croutons and dates.  Don't get me wrong - i like those things but I also like to know ahead of time what I'm getting!  The salad was huge and could've easily fed two of us.  Everyone else seemed satisfied with their meals.I know a lot of people compare Bandera to Houston's (and they are both under the Hillstone Restaurant Group umbrella), but I have to say, I think the food at Houston's is much better!  I will no longer be craving Bandera's food... but perhaps I'll return for just their cornbread!
3	I made my first trip to Bandera a week ago or so. Actually I forgot I'd been there until I saw Gabi's review. I wasn't particularly hungry when we stopped in for a late dinner before Nathan's surprise party, so my meal consisted of a few sides. We started with the obligatory cornbread skillet which everyone raves about...I wasn't crazy about it. I love the idea: cheese, cornbread and green chiles, but it was WAAAAY sweet for me. I definitely expected something more savory and cheesy, but the sweet corn over-powered everything else. My 'meal' was the side house salad and a side of mac and cheese. I make really awesome m&c so I wasn't uber impressed with bandera's version but it was good nonetheless. The 'nice little house salad' was indulgent, my favorite part by far. Well-dressed, ribboned lettuces and cabbages, with I think 1/12th of an avocado and a tablespoon of goat cheese and a few other bits and pieces tossed in. Our server was pleasant, service in general was quick and we were seated right away too, which was surprising on a Saturday night around 9pm. I would go back if someone suggested it.
4	The burgers are SOOOOO good!!! Oh, and they do take reservations which is great for the weekends in Scottsdale. And don't forget the Oreo dessert.
3	The problem with Bandera is everyone waits at the bar prior to getting seated. Well how is that a problem you might ask since that is normal everywhere else...the problem is that they order their meal, are half-way through it and then move to their tables when called upon instead of finishing their meal at the bar. That's a problem because those of us waiting for tables can't get drinks at the bar since the bartenders ignore you unless you are seated at the bar. We waited nearly 45 minutes for a table standing around. The bartenders ignored you and it was impossible getting a drink. The food was good but overrated. I ordered the por ribs and the meat fell off the bone. The fries were terrible and burnt little crisps..think of it like stale pringles... The service was polite and friendly yet not outstanding.A good restaurant for the Phoenix area but a lot of hype. This restaurant caters to the 40-60 year old White local Scottsdale crowd. I definitely recommend arriving before 7 PM and after 9 PM on the weekends otherwise you will wait 45 minutes for a table standing around without a drink.
3	Sooo I went here with a friend who is well...older...than me. As soon as I waked through the door people were staring at me like I was a sugarbaby. Looking around it didn't seem so uncommon. It didn't help that my friend decided to squeeze into my side of the booth. The bartender nearly chocked when I ordered a glass of wine and took a look at my ID. Anyways....never really into the whole scottsdale scene.  The wine suggestion was superb and service was great. Cornbread was ok didn't live up to the hype. I got the salmon and it was tasty. All in all just didn't live up to the hype. Oh well...good place to bring a sugardaddy lol. Just Kidding!
5	I'm a huge fan. (except when I have to wait). The cornbread is to die for, I can literally eat a skillet as a meal! If you go, you must order it as a starter. The chicken is great but the filet has won my heart and I'm yet to meet one anywhere else to hold a candle. I also love the glazed carrots, but they never seem to have them anymore :(
5	No dings on this one. Always a great time and the food is terrific. Service is friendly and personal. Drinks are generous. Perfect up scale dinner house light level - makes everyone look good. I can't think of anything I would change. The house rotisserie chickens are featured in a showcase on the south side of the building...I'm sure just to get you salivating. (Also check out their "Flying Chicken" - under the radar takeout via the back door. Very Cute) Not a huge menu, but lots of comfort items, great variety and consistently excellent all the way. Deviled eggs, cornbread gets a big thumbs up, and I'm a big fan of the Macho Salad. I could eat that everyday. Can't wait to go again! Soon.
4	I've dined here 4 times in the last 12 months. Service and quality of food was consistently high each time. My last experience was 2/18. Our seats were back by the open kitchen. We placed our orders after watching the 6 chefs prepare meals. The lamb entree and the pork ribs entree were the best of the four entree's we ordered...I called in reservations 10 minutes before our arrival. I was told that there were 2 open tables, but when I got there, there were no open tables. Our wait was 15 minutes (or one cocktail)
5	Okay, I went back to Bandera's after realizing that I missed out on the Cornbread skillet...and boy I am glad I did!!!!The Cornbread Skillet was Heavenly SIN!!! Crunchy, creamy, so flavorful I am in LOVE!My friend and I shared a few different items, and everything we had was top notch, not sure there is anything at Bandera's that isn't good. I find it hard to believe that a "Chain" Restaurant could have so many great dishes, but Bandera's has proven me wrong.We also ordered the Roasted Chicken & Low Country Barbecue Beef Rib Combo with Coleslaw. The Chicken is amazingly flavorful. The Beef Ribs were fall off the bone moist. And the Coleslaw was out of this world!! Can I please have the Recipe for the Coleslaw!?!?!?What a great Menu, not many choices but all of them great!
4	Tonights vacation dinner destination was Bandera, located in Old Town Scottsdale. We heard lots of good reviews for Bandera, and were excited to try it. Bandera is also a sister restaurant to Houstons and The Rutherford Grill (both 5-star ratings from me).We got there about a half hour earlier than our reserved time, and enjoyed a drink and the Deviled Egg app on the patio. Our table was ready in no time. We ordered the Grilled Artichoke and Cornbread sides...the artichoke was fantastic. The cornbread was the best I've ever had. For my main course, I ordered the Steak and Enchilada. The 6oz filet was sliced into three small pieces and had a maroon spicy sauce on the side. The enchilada had their signature rotisserie chicken inside. Both were tasty.The wifey had the Macho Salad. The salad arrived and for whatever reason, it was missing the rotisserie chicken. They quickly corrected it, and she enjoyed it quite a bit.I liked Bandera, but it was a touch off. Maybe it has something to do with the Mexican fusion? Good, but not as good as their sister restaurants. 4-stars.
5	Amazing place to eat.  The Cornbread is wonderful, it melts in your mouth.  I have had just about every meal here and my favorite is the filet or the ribs.  Always great!
4	A nice, quiet atmosphere on the main drag with excellent service. The food was fantastic with an OK price.
4	I came here with a group of hungry guys after the Jackson Barrett car show. Throwing down the booze, eating a ton of food and chatting the night away. They've got a great selection of liquor and that includes my Malibu. Thank you!!We got a corner booth on a Saturday night (9ish) with no reservation... although we did have to wait about 20 minutes for whatever reason. Started with the obligatory cornbread. Ya. It's good... and really filling especially when you order a slab of meat for the entree. They know how to cook a medium rare which is always good in my book. Decor is dark and old Hollywood with a modern flair. Kind of like you are having some clandestine affair-type meeting place. I dig it!
5	To earn a 5 star rating your place has to exceed all expectations in food quality, service, atmosphere, and eating out experience. This place delivers on all fronts. Others must agree with my assessment because we showed up at 6pm and waited over an hour for our table. No problem! A waitress walks through the crowd and takes drink orders. Nicely played Bandera!The Chilean sea bass was absolutley one of the top 3 things I have eaten in my life  I almost ate it all, and it was my wife's. We had read reviews about the cornbread skillet so we ordered it. It was huge and only $5 so you can't lose. It was so good it didn't need any butter or honey with it. Our server was attentive and helpful.  First, the hostess was able to find us in the crowd without a vibrating coaster or annoying intercom system.  Our waitress was able to transfer our bar tab to our dinner ticket which made things easier. The atmosphere is loud because of the number of people but very professional. A sign on the door says no shorts allowed. Nice touch.
5	In April of 2010, we went to the Bandera in Old Town Scottsdale after being treated like dirt at the Italian Grotto. Our food at Bandera was excellent and the service was top-notch. It easily is the nicest place in downtown Scottsdale for VERY good food, really nice atmosphere, and VERY good service !
5	This place is the best place I've eaten out of all the times I've visited the Phoenix area. My friends took me here when I was visiting last weekend and I really hope we go back next time I'm in town! The cornbread was amazingly delicious with the jalapenos inside and caramelized top. I split the chicken, green rice, and cucumber salad with one of my friends and the other ordered the ribs. Of course we all sampled each others meals. The ribs are without a doubt the best I've ever had and I would make that my standard order as the meat literally falls off the bone before you bite into it! The chicken was great, but not really covered in bbq sauce; it was moist and came off the bone easily. Rice was great and something I've never heard of before; I forget what was in it exactly, but I think it was cilantro or something similar. Cucumber salad was fantastic with it's cucumber, avocado, corn, greek olives, fresh feta cheese and peppers. I had a really great glass of Riesling from a German winery; wish I could remember which one it was, but it was very smooth. The waitstaff was fast and courteous. I love that there is a dress code for guys as it adds to the classiness of this place.
5	My favorite Scottsdale restaurant.  There's just something about this place that resonates with me.  Great steaks, chops and rotisserie chicken.  Their twice baked potatoes and corn bread are among the best. A fun place for casual dining and it's family friendly.Update:  My wife and I came down to Scottsdale for a couple of nights (see review for Hyatt Regency Scottsdale) and planned to try someplace different but when we hit a couple of dead ends (Monday closures) we decided to come back here and I am glad we did.  We had another 5 star experience, maybe 5+ stars.  We were seated immediately at our favorite table (no. 27) which is ringside to all the action in the open and busy kitchen.  Bandera's cocktails are always near perfect and generous in size (Manhattan straight up and an Elderflower martini).  We started with their seasonal grilled artichokes which taste like an artichoke steak accompanied by their signature skillet cornbread which is almost a meal in itself.  We split an entree plate and added another side so we had just enough room left to finally try their banana cream pie which was good but not spectacular.  I had tri tip steak which was wonderfully juicy and cooked to a juicy medium rare.  Our servers and runners was genuinely friendly and attentive making our entire dining experience memorable and delightful.
5	Cornbread alone is worth the trip, but don't stop there.  Get the chicken.  Don't think of getting anything else (at least not your first time).  Just get the chicken - it's extremely moist & deliciously simple.  Rustic modern decor with a charming waitstaff complete the package.  It makes you wonder why there aren't more restaurants doing this kind of thing.
5	I almost NEVER give a chain restaurant a 5-star review, not because I'm opposed to the idea but because very few are worthy. But Bandera is just that good, from the upscale casual, relaxed and inviting atmosphere to the excellent service to the delicious food.Ordering the cornbread to start is a must - it'd be a crime not to. The grilled artichoke and queso/guacamole apps are also wonderful. I had the macho salad, which was quite large and packed with good stuff. I also had a side of the mac and cheese that was outrageously good. Dessert offerings are limited to two choices, and neither blew me away, but the Oreo one was the better of the two.Bandera is, like its sister restaurant Houstons, always a wonderful experience with reliably terrific food.
4	Wow. This is all I have to say about this place. Headed down here for a early dinner. We arrived a little after 5 on a Saturday and were promptly seated. This place does seem to get busy so try to get there as early as possible if you do not want to wait. We walked past where they were making the chicken and the smell from that alone pretty much sealed the deal as to what I was going to order. We did start off with the cornbread which was absolutely amazing. I would definitely recommend getting that as an appetizer. We all ordered the rotisserie chicken as stated and it did not disappoint. It was so juicy and tender and the sauce that they had on it was absolutely amazing. By far the best rotisserie chicken I have had in a long long time. The green rice it came in was pretty darn good as well. After we stuffed ourselves my friends dad insisted on dessert so we got the oreo with the ice cream which did not fail to disappoint as well. In all, a great meal. I would definitely recommend this for a casual dinner out with a family or even a date.
5	Definitely a 5 star restaurant!The food, the service, the atmosphere - all great!I've been eating at Bandera since they opened so when we had out of town guests, this was the first restaurant we thought of to bring our guests.They did not disappoint! The grilled artichokes are wonderful! And if you're indecisive like me and can never decide what to order... don't worry, whatever you order will be great.They don't accept reservations so head there early on weekends as they will get pretty busy.
5	My boyfriend took me here on a date when i was visiting Arizona, this is quite possibly the best steak i have ever had. I ordered the filet...this steak is literally 2 inches thick, word to wise medium rare will be warm in the center. Green Rice sounds funny but taste fantastic. Bandera is pricey but worth it.
5	WOW!! This place is truly a gem in Old Town Scottsdale! From the outside coming in, all you can smell is the aroma of meats on the grill - so good! The wait staff is polite and quick to serve you. I ordered the cornbread and jumbo artochokes as appetizers while out with my aunt, and both were great! I am a cornbread fanatic, and this version was delicious! It was moist but not over buttery, and had mild jalepenos inside. The artichoke was well seasoned also. For my entree, I had california sea bass, which was prepared perfectly. My sides of red and yellow peppers were also perfectly prepared, although I didn't care for the tabbouli. My aunt ordered the prime rib, and wasn't fond of the spicing and thought the meat was quite tough. When she told the waitress, she immediately asked what else she would like, no questions or comments! She replaced that with the pork ribs, and OMG they were to die for!! Also, the corn on the cobb is killer. This place two thumbs up :)(:
4	I pride myself as a locavore and to think it's only been since 2008 where I've become much more attuned to supporting local eats and drinks. Bandera altho a chain and part of the Houston's brand is one of those chains that I will frequent because they are worth it.For some odd reason I like my 3s and if I were to recommend 3 items on their menu ok wait 4... but the main 3 are the Green Chile Cornbread Skillet, the Bandera Cheeseburger and the Roast Chicken. These menu items are foods that must be tried because they're good. The cornbread skillet is crumbly, moist, and simply good. It easily serves at least 3 people but the center comes out drier so ask for some extra butter in order to moisten it a little bit. The Roast Chicken is half a chicken and served with green rice (the fourth recommended item) which is divine. The Roasted Chicken is moist, and the flavors of the chicken is scrumptious. And last, the Bandera Cheeseburger which must be cooked medium but it's not served on the usual two buns, not it's like a long bun split in 3, so it comes out like large sized sliders. Along with the shoestring fries and that my foodsters is one of the best cheeseburgers on the old town drag. LOVE it! Bandera's is perfect for date nights, friend night outs, and family dinners. It's a nice laid out place with good service and totally recommend dining there. deuces!
4	Came here with a coworker for dinner during a humid nite in Phoenix. Really craved their roto-chicken!What I liked:-5 stars just for the cornbread!!! Skillet cornbread: try it, you'll love it!-not related to the restaurant, but in a great area, Old Town Scottsdale, nice place to walk around in the evening.-they ban cell phones! Yup, means I can't check my email or fantasy baseball stats, but made for an enjoyable dinner as the ambiance was strictly human conversation.-rotisserie chicken: enjoyed it with the green rice and paired with a great white wine.Why no fifth star:-good portion for me for the chicken, others might find it small; if so, get the chicken/ribs combo-no sound on the tvs at the bar.-not a large variety of steaks on the menu, more of a nice restaurant than a steakhouseOverall, really liked the food here; would definitely come back here or visit the one in Sac or Chicago just for the cornbread!
5	In 10+ years, I have never had a bad meal or experience at Bandara. A lot of love goes into their food and it comes with great ambience. Best beef ribs in AZ.
5	Bandera's Chicken Enchiladas have set the standard for me.  I doubt I will ever find a better mexican dish anywhere.  The mix of Green and Red enchilada sauce is Bomb.com/thebestieverhad
3	Nice atmosphere and attentive staff. Yet after finding this restaurant under "Steakhouses" I was disappointed to learn that there was only one on the menu--for $29!  A little pricey....Also surprised that a prime dip wasn't on the menu. The wine list was limited and quite pricey, although the tempranillo was perfectly smooth and very addicting.  The crispy cornbread was excellent and the Bandera chicken sandwich was delectable. The roasted peppers I had as a side were a bit oily for my liking. I'll definitely be back. The atmosphere is perfect for anything from a date to a family dinner, drinks or even a solo meal at the bar.
3	I had heard a lot of good things about this place before going and I brought my mom here while she was visiting.  I was amazed at how busy it was for just a Monday night so it seemed promising.  The rating says it all just A-OK.  Most of the food seriously lacked flavor.  My boyfriend actually really loved the ribs.  I had the grilled trout-unmemorable.  My mom had the ribs & chicken with the green rice all of it was pretty boring.  I doubt I'll go back unless my boyfriend forces me to so he can have the Texas ribs again.
5	Every time I go to Scottsdale, I have to come here for dinner.  Since it is only about once a year, I HAVE to have the BBQ Salmon!  It is consistantly awesome, I promise.  We start with the queso dip and the iron skillet corn bread but honestly that salmon is a star and believe me I usually choose steak over fish.  This is a winner.  Where I live we have Houstons and I have pleaded with them to have the corn bread, cheese dip and BBQ salmon put on the menu.  They have declined...pity.
3	Three friends and I YELPed this place while in Oldtown Scottsdale looking for a place to take a friend's dad. We saw it had good reviews and looked fairly busy and went in. They sat us quickly and I really like the ambiance and feel of the place.Our server seemed okay in the beginning. Very knowledgeable and efficient...at first.  She got us our drinks and brought us amazing jalapeno cornbread. Then it went downhill very quickly.First, not once did she refill our drinks.  Second, she forgot one of the meals and it took her twenty minutes to come back and figure it out!! Then it took forever to get our ticket. Then even longer to get our card back!  Service was the minus two stars of this review.As for our food? My salad was perfection. The best of salty and sweet and crispy. Three ordered the filet and they said it was cooked perfect, the potatoes were creamy and even thought the brussel sprouts were yum! One had the Caesar and it was big and looked great. The last of us had the enchiladas and she licked the plate clean!I'm guessing just get carryout and you'll have a five star experience?
5	Bandera is one of my favorite places to bring visiting out-of-town guests because the service is consistently "best in class". The Bandera Baby Back Short rack of ribs is the best I've had from anywhere in AZ. On this evening, my guest Sheldon had sliced sirloin and enchiladas which were excellent, both in presentation and flavor.  There are lots of restaurants in Old Town Scottsdale, and many of them are very, very good... But, I keep going back to Bandera because of their incredibly consistent high quality service and a menu that may be less variety than most people are used to seeing, but which every single entree is excellent.  Plus, I seem to run into a lot of the PHX Valley's movers and shakers in this establishment while dining there or hanging out at the excellent bar that seems to be quite the hot spot.
4	I love Bandera, it is a great spot to go for dinner, and very "happening".  It is a great spot to watch people and go out for a night on the town.  The cornbread is in a class of its own, but everything on the menu is simply amazing.  Excellent service and a very attentive kitchen staff complete the puzzle.  If anything, I would say that Bandera is almost a victim of its own success and is maybe slightly too busy, if anything - but maybe I'm just bitter because I didn't get the chance to linger longer over the amazing meal.  Definitely the best place to grab a bite in old town Scottsdale!
5	I couldn't wait to get home and yelp this place. Five stars, too! After a (raw chicken) bad experience some 13 years ago, I hadn't been to Bandera until tonight. WOW! It was a GREAT experience!!! We started off with a grilled artichoke which was fabulous! Both of us had the Texas Hill Country Ribs which came with cole slaw (not your ordinary cole slaw) and the most delish matchstick fries. Unfortunately, I don't eat seeds and nuts (peanuts in the cole slaw...my husband loved it) but the very polite and wonderful server, Sarah, offered some other sides and I picked the braised red cabbage, which came with a little goat cheese on the top which was to die-for delish!! Home made wonderful braised red cabbage! The entire meal was SUPERB! The service was phenomenal, and we were lucky enough to sit by the kitchen and see all of the dishes come out...they all looked YUMMY! I am so happy that my neighbor suggested Bandera's ribs, and will go back frequently as you can tell this place is run as a tight ship. Everyone is polished, polite and efficient! The food is an experience in perfection, and the service tip top!Next time, I'll take some pictures (if I'm not too hungry)... I don't think it's a shorts and jeans type of place but a dressy/casual type of place, if you know what I mean...REALLY EXCELLENT FOOD!
3	on this particular night, we originally had dinner rezzies over at The Estate House just down the street... but i was so strongly turned off by their hostess/wait staff hanging around up front when we walked in the front door there, that i convinced my group to leave.(and i've NEVER done that before in my life, which tells you how unacceptable it was)since i'm fairly new in town, someone else in our group suggested we go to Bandera instead. everyone else unanimously agreed and then proceeded to rave on about how much i would like it. we walked in, and were greeted by a professional and warm staff. it was so refreshing, in comparison to the place we had just left. since we didn't have reservations at Bandera, and it was a saturday night, we had a short wait. no problem, cocktails up at the bar anyone? there seemed to a tiny bit of a scene going on up at the bar... or, uh, rather what scottsdale *attempts* as a scene i guess. haha i mean, who doesn't enjoy looking at pretty people? even if they're trying way too hard to mimic what they think LA people are doing. *sigh* but i digress, back to the cocktails. made just the way i like them. the bartender was also great at handling the large crowd hovering around her while keeping glasses filled until our table was called.now this is where my love for Bandera started to drop. the menu wasn't exactly exciting.... however, if you're in the mood for a southwest/tex mex style cuisine, this place is definitely for you.(it's just not my thing) everyone at our table insisted i would *love* the cornbread appetizer served in a hot skillet, so we ordered that. it was tasty for sure, but not mind blowing or anything... for dinner the only thing that even remotely appealed to me on their menu was the filet (when in doubt, go with the steak i always say) which came with a side of grilled mixed vegetables and mashed potatoes. um, the steak was fine, but the veggies and mashers were just ok. not bad, but nothing special.happily, the service was consistently great throughout the entire night. they kept our drinks filled, and never made us feel rushed or that they were irritated with our requests.no one ordered dessert, but we all stayed around a little to chat over one last cocktail before finally closing out our tab.we left in great moods.would i go out of my way to come back? probably not, but i can see the appeal of this place to others. not all of us love southwest/tex mex food, but for those who do, you'll truly enjoy the experience here.
5	Amazing Food!! You can't go wrong at Bandera. The food here is soooo good. I've had the Artichoke appetizer, the side salad and the prime rib, ribs, fish sandwich and chicken for entrees and don't forget about the banana cream pie! The artichoke is served with a delicious mayo like with lots of seasonings sauce, the salad comes with goat cheese and a deviled egg and the entrees all come with your choice of a unique side such as maple sauce carrots, red cabbage with goat cheese or whatever the side of the night is. The chicken which is suppose to be their signature dish is ok, not much flavor to it but everything else I've had there is to die for! My boyfriend is quite particular about where we go to eat but would love to go to Bandera every night of the week if we could. One warning: Ladies - the floor is very slick so make sure you wear shoes that have some grip on them. Last time I was there I almost did the splits but was saved by the guard rail on the 3 stairs up to the dinner area. Embarrassing...
4	what a great place. there were 4 of us and we all have something different. the ribs just melted off the bones. my wife had the filet and it just melted in your mouth. she had the special mashed potatoes, don't remember what they were called but she really enjoyed them.another party had salmon and it looked great. the son from OR had the meat loaf and it really left a lot to be desired. sort of dry and not much taste. The B 4 drinks were good  and near the hi end of pricing,but hey its Scottsdale. This was our first visit and it will not be our last. Just a long drive from Surprise. don't forget the corn bread and request butter. A great meal would be a large salad and the corn bread.
4	A friend recommended Bandera to me.  First, point in their favor - they take reservations.  We arrived on time and they seated us right away.I had heard that their appetizer cornbread was not to be missed and so we ordered it to start.  Delicious in flavor and unique in presentation,  I loved the fact that the cornbread tasted like corn *emphasis-on-the-corn* bread and not corn flavored cake.  The green chilies were a fabulous compliment.The prompt service and delivery of our food was the second point in their favor.  I ordered the roasted chicken and the barbeque beef rib with coleslaw and my dinner companion ordered the carnitas sandwich with braised pork and rio grande glaze with a side of the shoestring fries.My chicken was moist and extremely flavorful - real flavorful, not the "we-added-fake-smoke-flavoring-to-the-store-bought-barbeque-sauce-we-slopped-all-over-your-chicken" flavor.  One of the three ribs on my plate was a little over done.  I'm all for cooking the ribs until the meat falls off the bone, but please stop when it starts to turn to charcoal. The best part of the dinner was the coleslaw and that's saying something, because I hate coleslaw.  It was unlike any coleslaw I've ever tried.  It wasn't a mayo based coleslaw rather it was shredded cabbage with a touch of cilantro and what looked to be fresh spinach mixed with an oil based dressing that had a touch of chili powder.  It was then topped with crushed peanuts.  A savory and unique dish.Bandera's food was deliciously memorable. Its service was prompt and thorough.  I'll be visiting Bandera's  again in the very near future.
4	Banana Cream Pie Heaven!   Definitely one of the best deserts on the planet.  Over the years, I have been to various Bandera restaurants numerous times and the food and service are always, consistently good.  Bandera is definitely a place to "see and be seen" -- and is especially popular with a fairly well-heeled crowd of folks who drive 7-series BMW's and wear fancy gold Rolex's.  The bar also has the reputation of a world-renown cougar pickup joint --  But, if you can get past the obvious pretentiousness the food and atmosphere are always excellent.  The to-die-for Veggie Burger and Chicken Enchiladas are stand-out good items on the menu.  A dedicated meat lover -- the Bandera Veggie Burger is hearty enough to stand it's own against any steak sandwich.  Get braised cabbage with goat cheese as your side and you won't be sorry!  The grilled artichoke appetizer is also very good, albeit overpriced for what you get: a split artichoke with a tiny cup of very good aoli sauce.   Overall, a very good meal, for a reasonable cost.
3	Took my parents to Bandera last night and it seems to have lost a little of it's edge since the last time. Quickie review... Our 15 minute wait time for a table turned into 45. While not completely their fault they should be able to judge turn times a little better than that.The cornbread was very good and the artichoke was out of this world good and after that it all kind of went down hill. Mom had the Macho Salad which she enjoyed but she also asked for no goat cheese and they forgot about that.I ordered the filet rare and it came out medium rare but I chose not to send it back. While it was still enjoyable it definitely wasn't as good as it could've been. They also forgot the worcestershire butter which I think is delicious and definitely took away from the meal.Dad ordered the filet medium-rare and they brought it to the table butterflied, completely unacceptable. It's a "center cut" filet and it's not difficult to cook medium-rare, as evidenced by mine. The second one they brought out for him was overcooked and didn't even appear to be a quality cut of meat. He decided to opt not for the 3rd strike and ate it anyway.Our server insisted on removing my dad's meal from the ticket, which was very nice, but we would've rather had an enjoyable meal and paid full price any night of the week. Bandera again? Maybe, but I'm definitely more inclined to seek out new options in the future.
5	Worth every minute of the 30 minute drive to get there!! The roasted chicken and rib combo is one of the few " wow" dinners we've had in a long time! The grilled artichoke was only bettered by the overall service that you get.Be sure to make reservations......it's a long wait without them!
4	This was my first visit to Bandera.  The restaurant actually took reservations, which was nice since we had a party of 6.  We approximately 15 minutes before getting seated.  I had the rib and chicken combo.  The chicken was slightly overcooked, which I have found is a common problem.  The ribs were tasty but definitely no where near real smoked ribs like you would get in Memphis.  Overall the service was great, the atmosphere nice and the food good.
5	This restaurant never misses the mark! Everything is always good. We sat next to the kitchen and watched those chefs work their fingers to the bone non-stop. Place is hopping and still the service is top-notch. Macho Salad and cornbread was scrumptious.  Rest of the table enjoyed burgers and salads-everything was great.I think they've changed their mashed potatoes and that's a shame, other than that-keep up the great work Bandera's and call me when you want to open one down south.
5	WOW! My fiance and I stumbled across this place after being completely ignored at the adjacent sushi restaurant and I can't even begin to explain how pleasantly surprised we were! This place was absolutely amazing! The service was superb (bar and servers). The food was delicious as well!! We witnessed five different parties ask to meet the chef to compliment him, and we were number six! This was two years ago and we still remember this amazing dining experience. We're sooo excited to go to Scottsdale for spring training this year and this will be our first stop! I hope it's as good as I remember. Oh, the cornbread croutons were to die for! I've been trying to mimic that recipe ever since!
5	This was the place to come to back in my college days! Fast forward to Valentines day 2011. I was a little behind and I know the Mrs. Was hoping to go out and enjoy the Monday evening. As I frantically called around, they said they could guarantee a reservation for me, but they normally do not take reservations. I was OK with that. We arrived hungry so the all too memorable smell wafted in the air. We had a drink at the bar and did not wait long at the bustling bar. The bartenders are on it here! Great service! Once seated, we ordered the grilled jumbo artichoke. So good! The corn bread is good too! I had the aged prime rib with mash potatoes ($26) and veggies. The Mrs. had Chicken enchilada ($15) that was meh. Wine was good, service was awesome! No room for desert. We forgot that there is good people watching here too. I guess pretty people got to eat too!
5	It is so good but we had to wait for two hours to get seated.  The cornbread was good and the rest of the dinner was fabulous.  I wish we could eat there more often.
3	I used to love this place, but now I have to knock their review down a bit. I mainly enjoyed the French Dip here, but sadly, they no longer serve it.The last time we came here, they misplaced the reservation I made with them. After some cajoling, they got us in earlier than they originally stated. Dinner was pretty good, but it was not as good as I had remembered.I'd say I would give it 3.5 stars. I wish Yelp did half stars!
5	Absolutely amazing, EVERYTHING we had was delicious and my only compliant is that I don't live closer to a Bandera! All the apps were delicious, cornbread it to die for and the deviled eggs, salad, meatballs were all scrumptious as well! We had the chicken and the macho salad which were also yummy! Margaritas were also great as well! I will be back next time Im in Scottsdale or wherever else I can find one (I've been to the one in Chicago and plan on trying the Corona del Mar one too)
3	It was good...but thats about it...wasn't great or outstanding...Didn't wow me..for the prices I want Wow :)
5	I absolutely LOVE Bandera!  I've never had a bad meal from the this place and the service is always great.  My favorite thing to order (which is actually not on the menu) is the BBQ Beef Ribs, they are AMAZING!  Cooked to perfection so they just fall off the bone.  Also, you have to try the side of Mac & Cheese, you wont regret it, I promise.The prices here are not bad either... dinner for two will run you about $100 with tip.  It's a great place to take a date.
3	This place was not what I was expecting. Based on the pictures and other reviews, I was anticipating "cowboy" style but in reality the leather booths, sleek bar area and cool, modern open kitchen were anything but rustic. Although not as classy as Cowboy Chao, this place is definitely way more upscale than the nearby Pink Pony or Saddle Ranch. I got sort of a mellow supper-club vibe from the classic cocktails on the menu and the jazz music playing in the background. There were very few people in the dining area when we ate there on Sunday evening since it was early (we arrived shortly after they opened at 4:30) but I can see how this place probably gets much more upbeat on Friday and Saturday nights. The menu at Bandera is not really my style of food but my hubby really liked the roasted chicken and beef rib combo that he ordered. Of course, like everyone else we had to start with the cornbread and it really lived up to the hype. It was truly amazing. I ordered the Macho salad which was ok; I would have enjoyed it a lot more if it did not have WAY TOO MUCH dressing. All the flavors were good but that kind of ruined it for me. Fortunately I had ordered the artichoke appetizer as a side dish and so I was happy to munch on that instead. We were too stuffed for dessert but I did spy a couple on the menu that sounded great. I think I would love to come here another night for drinks and dessert but there are so many other good restaurants in the area that I haven't tried yet I doubt we will be back to Bandera for dinner. I wish I could give it 3 1/2 stars since it did exceed my expectations and it is a better than average restaurant but I just didn't like it as much as my 4 star places.
5	Phenomenal service by Sarah, she is a class act among servers! I had seasonal vegetable plate with wilted spinach, peppers, tomatoes, delicious caramelized carrots and a grilled artichoke that picked up the smoky delicious flavor from the grill. Boyfriend had the ribs, which fell off the bone into succulent pieces of perfection. He even enjoyed the cole slaw which is a dish he usually detests! Topped it all off with banana cream pie. This pie has the perfect amount of chocolate shavings and caramel sauce all atop a walnut-Graham cracker crust. Swoon. Highly recommend and we will certainly be back!
3	The food was pretty good and I liked the atmosphere. But for the price of the entrees - I did expect it to be better. And how can you not have mint jelly with lamb, at least as an option?I doubt I'll ever come back for a meal, but three stars because I can see why people like it and the service was very good - and we weren't mad about waiting ten minutes for our reservation because the hostess warned us that might happen when we called ahead.
3	Good not great.  The place reminds me of Houstons back when there was a Houston's on Camelback.  I will say however that a few things are really great.  The Mac and Cheese comes in a delicious sauce that is rich and savory.  Crunch is provided by some bread crumbs and toasted walnuts.   A different take on Mac and Cheese that didn't involve Bacon which was nice.The skillet cornbread is a must have.  Sweet, crunchy with a few corn corners.  Not too dry and just dense enough.  I almost stabbed a fellow dining companion when they didn't give me a large enough wedge.The entrees are good, but not great.  Apparently the lamb steak was cooked beautifully, but just had no seasoning.  My carnitas burger was good but didn't taste of much unless I doused it with sauce.  The french fries are super skinny and good.  The roasted chicken is a safe bet.  I think the prices are about 2 dollars over what I would pay for this type of food.  But for a nice meal in Old Town, the place really is easy to slip into, it feels a little more "adult" and doesn't scream I'm in Old Town, so those are huge pluses.
5	The carnitas pulled pork sandwich was probably the best that I have had, and I have had a great many!! It had avocado, lettuce, and tomato on it. The meat was flavorful and lean. It was not real saucy, but they serve it with this fabulous bbq sauce/glaze!! Yum, yum! My kids shared the kids chicken dinner. If I could give 10 stars for this, I would. This was by far the best kids meal I have ever had, and we eat out with our kids a LOT! I think it was about $5 and they shared it. It was a leg and a thigh (I assume it is the same as their regular roasted chicken). Super moist and flavorful. Served with a side of your choice. We chose mashed potatoes. They were fantastic too. I also ordered a side of broccoli for them and it was a nice sized portion for $4. The broccoli was super good, but tasted like it had a good amount of butter on it. Best food we had in Scottsdale for our weekend getaway!
4	Was a lot better than last time but didn't quite live up to the first time. Great service at the bar tonight and the Prisoner wine selection was excellent. Filet was ordered really rare and turned up slightly more than rare. The cucumber salad was excellent.I would go back but I'm definitely not dying to return.
1	There are way to many amazing places to go to Bandera.  When calling in to make a reservation I was informed "they don't do that" when asked what their corkage fee was.  The place had a normal busy Saturday night crowd but it seemed there staff was not trained for that.  We had multiple servers where we had to ask for menu's, silverware, drinks & plates. At one point even stopping a cook.The food was ehh and no I would not go back.  Because like I said before there are way to many amazing places in the valley to go here.
5	This is one of the best restaurants in all of Arizona by far.  Any Hillstone restaurant for that matter should rank in the top restaurants of Arizona.  The service here is above a vast majority of restaurants in the area.  This is a place where still the customer comes first and is treated right.  The food is exceptional and the standards of quality are worth every penny. Even if this is what you would consider to be slightly out of your price range (ex. 13-15 dollar burger), save your money and don't go to some junk restaurant or drive through and only go here once.  After you try Bandera, drive up the road and try Houston's.
5	Ribs were amazing ! Corn bread was also good!
4	Fantastic place in Old Town Scottsdale...I just love the feel to this place - so relaxing and comfortable.  The servers are fantastic too!
5	GREAT American restaurant. Has the atmosphere of a nice steakhouse, but it's menu is much more diverse. Best appetizers: the grilled artichoke and the skillet cornbread, hands down. You get a ton of food with both. I always get the burger, and it's pretty good. The fries are really thin and crispy--so thin that I didn't think I'd like them, but I did. A lot. Their rotisserie chicken is good too--you can see the chicken roasting on the spit through one of the side windows of the restaurant. The only downfall? The water glasses are really really tiny. It isn't a huge deal, but as a big water drinker, I feel bad having my server come to refill my glass 19 times throughout my meal. Good thing the service is so nice!
3	Usually, I would give them a 4 or 5 because the food is fabulous, but I had a bad experience there recently.  The salmon  was raw in the middle (a little frustrating when you have to wait as long as you do at Bandera for a table or seat at the bar ect and not be able to eat your food when it comes).  I sent it back to be cooked but asked for chips and guac to snack on in the mean time.  I'm not all about getting a free meal because of inadequate cooking, but they could have at least comped the guac for me while I waited for them to cook my meal---again!   They didn't.  I was charged for it. I give Banderra a 4 or 5 for the food when it's cooked properly, but a 2 for the service.  The servers (actually the bartenders)  need some training in handling issues  and providing quality service at an upscale restaurant .
4	I have the darnedest time figuring out the differences between the Hill-stone, Houston's, and this place.  Evidently some of the subtlest market positioning ever is taking place at their corporate headquarters.Having said that, I like the place.  The cornbread is the stuff of legend, a modern day manna if you will.  Just read every other review.  Also, the way they roast their chicken is top notch.  I believe 3 of my favorite dishes there feature it.  Great American dining, even if it's hard to distinguish this place from a Houston's.
4	Tamales taste smokey and awesome.
3	Have visited this place  20 times over the last 25 years. Still good cornbread .The mesquite chicken is good, however it was GREAT 20 years ago. The potatoes are good and they were GREAT 20 years ago-with the right combo of parsley, cabbage, and onion. Somehow the flavor has changed maybe due to recipe changes. It's been 3 years and I will be returning in another month to see what's changed and will update my review accordingly. Service has never been a problem however perhaps the economy has taken it's toll on the ingredients. Can't speak for the drinks - have not ordered any there.
5	Gotta love a place that makes meatloaf and potatoes feel like a gourment dinner!  The service is excellent, the place is packed (meaning I must not be the only one who thinks this place rocks!)  We ate at the bar to avoid the wait.
5	probably my favorite restaurant :)
5	not my favorite bandera but i like the size and location...still no live jazz :(
4	Think of Bandera like Houston's with a Southwestern flair. Well, I mean it's owned by the owners of Houston's after all, so it's not a surprise it reminds me of Houston's. I enjoy Bandera for dinner because it's cozy inside and filled with the hustle and bustle of a busy restaurant without making it uncomfortable for customers. I like this atmosphere because we can have a nice dinner for two and be in our own element but it's not quiet either. Nothing's worse than being in a dead silent restaurant where the staff is lurking around waiting to hear your conversation. Now moving on to the food side of the evening. I have two words: southwestern cornbread. Oh my...I could eat the entire skillet, but I contained myself and just had a corner of it. It's filled with jalapeno, and chunky corn throughout the bread. It's amazing. It's so amazing, it didn't even need butter. That's a sign of good bread. I had the crispy chicken sandwich which was delicious but ginormous. In summary, I have Bandera on my rotation for great dinner spots when it's time to make it a night out but without making it a huge deal.
5	Started off with the skillet cornbread and the grilled artichokes for appetizers. Both were unbelievably good. The grilled artichokes were just short of a spiritual experience! I could almost hear an angelic choir hit the high notes after my first bite. For the main courses, we ordered the Kobe beef tips and the grilled salmon. The beef tips were the clear winner, tender, cooked to perfection, and with a nice wood-grilled flavor. The salmon was good, but the "green rice" that came along side of it was a little on the tangy side for me. The salmon had a sweet glaze over the top which was good, but I guess I was not in the mood for that flavor. The bottom line is, the Yelpers were right again. This place is a winner. You won't be disappointed.
5	There isn't anything I don't like about Bandera! The artichokes are fabulous. The Dip Duo Queso is like heaven in your mouth. Prime Rib is exquisite. I have never had a bad meal here and I've been coming for the last 15 years. From start to finish Bandera is a fantastic place to eat. Get the Banana Cream pie for desert. So yummy.
5	I love Bandera. I was there on Sunday for a birthday dinner with some friends and I left asking my wife: "Why don't we come here more?"Bandera is part of Hillstone, so it is like Houstons in a way. I prefer Bandera due to the smaller, seasonal menu and the smaller, more intimate feel to the restaurant. On Sunday, I had the ribs, my wife had the lamb (a special item that night), and both were delicious. The table got the cornbread to start (amazing), and we finished with their banana cream pie (UH-Mazing). The rest of the sides, salads and entrees that we ordered were very good as well. Every time I've been there the service has been spot on, the cocktails are good and the food is consistently great. I'll probably end up here again within a week or two. Highly recommend.
5	Great place, great food, great service. Order the little house salad and devised eggs plus a steak and you are golden.
5	Never disappointed, I had the best burger of my life last night!
4	Artichoke is a must. It's wonderful. Cornbread is okay.I've had the ribs and tri-tip and both were perfect. Tri-tip comes w/ a caesar salad as it's side, I wish you got a veggie or potato. Ribs come w/ shoestring fries (great) and a jalapeno slaw (not great).Have had both desserts. Oreo cookie ice cream is 5 star. Banana creme pie also excellent mainly due to the crust w/ a layer of chocolate within. Overall very good food. A little pricey considering the sides you get with the entree (about $25). Expect a wait. Parking garage nearby which helps on fri or sat night.
5	My favorite restaurant in town. Not only for the food but also the service.
5	Bandera is amazing.  I love the grilled artichoke, the filet and their awesome mashed potatoes.  This place is worth trying, you'll come back.  The outside looks really nice, the service was great and seriously I've been there so many times since my first visit.  If you have family or friends in from out of town this is a great place to take them!  Love it!
5	I wanted to try something new.  This was the only restaurant busy on a Tuesday night at 730.  I figured it must be good if people are willing to wait instead of going to eat elsewhere.  I asked the server what their secret is.  She said good food, good prices and good service.  She described it perfectly.  While I am not usually into chain restaurants, I was pleased with the food, prices and service.  The BBQ salmon was good. The cornbread is a must try, as is the mashed potatoes.  It is also fun to sit at the bar.
4	I've been to Bandera several times with out-of-town guests and they've always been impressed with the food. Went again last night with Hubby's brothers. Just before leaving the house, I suggested that we call in reservations. There were only 4 of us and the reservations were accepted for 630p. Sometimes we can find parking right in front or in their back parking lot, but not this time so Hubby dropped me off in front with BIL#2 and he drove off to find a spot. When we got in, I told the hostess that we had reservations but she said she could not seat us until the entire party arrived so we watched one of the two tv's suspended over the bar area. There weren't two seats adjacent to each other so we stood. Some of the bar patrons were dining and others were just having drinks. It was busy for a Thursday evening as it appeared there were always 4 -5 parties waiting throughout the evening. Once Hubby and BIL#1 arrived, we were seated immediately in a booth that could have accommodated 6 -8, but we weren't complaining because it was roomy and comfy and elevated and in good view of the tv so the boys wouldn't miss whatever basketball game was playing!The waitress was prompt and took our drink orders and described the special daily seafood entree, grilled trout with candied glazed carrots which we really were not interested in since everyone decided in advance that they wanted the ribs. We also ordered the skillet cornbread - a must for this place, The edges are sweet and crispy and the cornbread is moist from the green chili and the corn bits. Yummy! But we were disappointed when she announced they didn't have the grilled artichokes so we opted for the guacamole and cheese dip which was nothing special and I was surprised at how few chips were brought with the two scoops of dip. The boys dug in and were polite about making sure each of them didn't get more than the other!The rib entree consists of a full slab of tender barbecued pork ribs, crispy shoestring potato fries and the best coleslaw ever which had kale and a light olive oil based dressing. A very hearty, very hungry guy could finish the entree, but really the quantity is perfect for two people allowing you to have room for dessert. Sadly, BIL#1 and BIL#2 ordered a single entree each and had no room for dessert. In the past, I've shared the banana cream pie and this time I could not justify ordering it since it really would have been too decadent for me to eat alone. We left with a doggie bag for the ribs and the cornbread (which I will more than gladly have for lunch at work). Also recommended which we've had in the past are the roasted chicken, the aged prime rib (this is a huge piece of meat), the enchiladas and the veggie platter. I've only had their seafood once, but was not impressed because it was overcooked. Goodbye Bandera but I will be back with our next set of visitors! The waitstaff was very attentive with refilling the water glasses and bringing our takeout containers and clearing our dishes and replenishing our silverware. Even though this is a chain , it is not so widespread that our guests have frequented it in their hometowns.
5	Bandara is wonderful, great service BUT hard to get into on weekends.  The prime beef for $25 is a bargain
4	I must begin this review by saying do NOT miss ordering their coffee and desserts at the end of your meal. They only have 2 desserts if I remember correctly? A banana dessert and a chocolate cookie with vanilla ice cream one. Both are "adult" desserts, not too sweet, decadent, and their coffee is so delicious! I managed a Starbucks for a year and the coffee used at Banderas is far better. They are so great- they bring chilled cream to your table for the coffee!! Real cream, not junky crap.Its just delicious.Dont miss the roasted artichoke appetizer! I had the salmon dinner and it was cooked properly and was nicely seasoned. The dinner items didnt blow me away, but they were good. Definitely recommend as a cool place to go without small children. Dim lighting, comfortable tables/booths, and friendly staff. I enjoy going to Bandera just for the coffee and dessert! :-)
5	I love the baby back ribs they fall right off the bone! Order them trust me!
4	Went there tonight with family. The 6 of us really enjoyed our meals and we each had different dishes. We ordered a cornbread for the table that was delicious. It was sweet and savory and dissappeared quickly! Service was excellent and it was very busy. This restaurant is a solid place with a good buzz. Would recommend it, but definitely call for reservations, as it is not a very large place.
3	Terrible parking. Located in Old Town Scottsdale area. But the area is full of exciement and the beautiful people. Great atmosphere and simialar to J. Alexanders or Houstons. Could be same owner as one of them.Menu is simple. Food is medium to upper price and cocktails a little pricey but fits the atmosphere. I had chicken caesar and it was good but nothing special.Had appetizerof chips and cheese dip and quacamole dip which was good but only comes with minimum chips but they did bring more upon request.Probably wont go back but I can see why alot of people like it. 3+ sta and alot of good competition in the area.
4	What a great intimate place for a date night or dinner with a few friends. Bandera is a small cozy establishment with a bustling crowd. I'm not sure, but I didn't see any big tables to accommodate more a bigger group (8+). All the booths on the side seem like they were meant to hold 6 people max. Anyways, the place we actually ended up sitting in the bar area b/c a spot opened up fairly quick after we got a few cocktails. (20mins at opposed to waiting for 40 mins for a table). The drinks we got were strong and pretty good. I wouldn't say it's a place to go for cocktails since I've had better ones at speakeasy type bars. However, they do have a pretty good and unique in house selection of cocktails like the alcoholic tea. The food was amazing. This was the best part of coming to Bandera. We started off with the skillet cornbread which was sweet, savory, and had the right texture. Will definitely recommend it to anyone coming here. Then we shared the enchiladas and the macho salad with rotisserie chicken. Both are very very good as well. Portions are huge too, so sharing is encouraged. The service i thought was top notch. Everyone was very friendly and the food came out super fast! I was almost surprised by how fast the food was coming out and they were all at the right temperature and no undercooked dishes. Overall, i would love to go back and try out different items. Tip would be to make a reservation if possible since there is a huge crowd waiting outside and most times the wait could be 40+ if not longer. Or you can just wait around the bar and wait for a spot to open up!
4	Me and a friend came here after dinner at the Pink Pony to have a drink and people watch. Great service and a pretty center bar to relax. I'd like to come back for dinner here.*
5	A must visit anytime your anywhere near Scottsdale! The wait can be long, but, find a place at the bar and enjoy the wait!!You can't miss If you try the roasted chicken and rib combo. Also gotta get an artichoke....its fire roasted!!U
3	I do love this restaurant, the food is amazing.  I went there this weekend with my parents who were in town.  I felt like the servers were kind of stuck up and didn't feel they treated us very well.  Also my mom and I were pretty sick from our dinners.  I do really love this place but may think twice before eating there again.
5	What great food & service. Started with Corn Bread & grilled Artichoke.  Corn Bread is out of this world. Grilled Salmon was melt in your mouth, served with Mash Potatoes and Broccoli.  Could not ask for a better meal. Wife had Flying Tuna platter  - words cannot describe the flavors.  Must Try.Ask for Megan as your waitress. She was just awesome.
4	Very cool atmosphere and I loved the booth seating.  The mac & cheese and the cornbread are a must-get.  My prime rib was about a 7 on a 10 scale (a little dry), but everyone else at the table raved about their dinners and the rotisserie chicken was a 9+.  Will definitely be back.
5	This is one of my favorite places in Old Town. When I first moved to Scottsdale, I ate here every night as I was staying in a hotel right in Old Town. The waitstaff and the bartenders are all so friendly, they make you feel right at home. Whenever my friends came to visit me, it was always our first stop after I picked them up at the airport. I love, love, love their grilled artichoke appetizer! I think it is one of the best in town and is served with their delicious creamy dipping sauce.  Their rotisserie chicken is delicious and my favorite entree on their menu is their grilled bbq salmon which is cooked perfectly tender and melts in your mouth!  Their mashed potatoes are also excellent and served with chives, and their corn bread is also delicious!  If you have room for desert, their banana cream pie is heavenly!
4	Dined here on a busy Spring Training evening with 2 others. Service was courteous and professional.The menu is much like the Los Altos Grill so I was pleased to see the Cheeseburger. It hit the spot and was cooked perfectly. They know what they are doing.I thought $13 was a bit high for my vodka and soda since the burger was only a few dollars more. That's the only nit I have.
2	Having walked all of Scottsdale during our 2.5 hour wait for a table, I understand that this is the upscale restaurant in the area. Not many other choices for a dressy date night, work dinner, or the like. Still, it's not worth the wait, or really any wait. I didn't mind the wait so much, but the hostess was either disingenuous or grossly mistaken about when our table would be ready. Protip for hostesses: don't tell people they are next or point to a specific table as theirs if you intend to seat other people in front of them. As for the meal, the cornbread was passable. Dry on the outside, a little doughy on the inside, and overwhelmingly jalapeno flavored, though not spicy. The house salad was simple, but good, and I especially liked the deviled egg on the side, which was quite tasty. The service was friendly and efficient, and she kept my water and soda glasses full, so that's a plus. Overall, I can't see any reason why I'd eat here again.
5	Great wine list & the food melts in your mouth. The price point is excellent for the quality of food!!! Highly recommend roasted chicken or the enchiladas. You're missing out if you haven't been here.
4	OMG! Went tonight and the baby back ribs were not on the menu!! They still made them for us but said they will be "phasing them out". Please mister manager or corporate person re-think this. If you take the ribs off the menu my wife won't want to go as often!! You are gonna lose customers!! Save the Baby Backs!!
4	Great restaurant, MUCH better than the Italian Grotto we just walked out of. Warning, the hamburger is HUGE and couldn't eat the whole thing.
5	This is my favorite old-stand-by in Old Town! I have never been disappointed with the meal or service. Best bets are Rotisserie Chicken, Ceasar Salad, Prime Rib, Skillet o' Corn Bread & Oreo dessert. Expect a lengthy wait because...your in Old Town Scottsdale at a great restaurant.
4	Bandera has a simple menu, and really solid food.They do not have a happy hour, and you may want to make reservations if you plan on dining after 7pm. But overall the food is good, but don't expect a changing menu. Their focus is on a chicken they roast, and cornbread and mash potatoes. I would say the style is comfort food with culinary flare. Don't get me wrong the food is awesome. Although my boyfriend would disagree I LOVE their vegetable platter with fun, seemingly farm fresh vegetables charred to perfection. Their macaroni and cheese, appetizer of skillet cornbread and half-chicken come recommended. Drinks are of higher price, but the atmosphere makes up for it. EXCELLENT service, definitely a highlight of the Bandera experience. This place is perfect for date night or when you're just looking for a yummy, solid dinner with fresh ingredients.
4	Our daughter gave us a gift card for Houston's, but found out we could use it at Bandera's. We made reservations for 5:30. Don't even mess around to find parking. I guess I don't have the 'parking karma' yet. Tried looking for a space for 10 minutes and found valet parking kitty korner to the restaurant.When we got there, the hostess was pleasant and we were immediately seated. Our  server was polite and knowledgeable. We started off with the Mac & Cheese. WOW, love the larger pasta and with the walnut cornbread crumbles it was delicious.I ordered the Snake River Farms American Style Kobe Tri Tip and Ceasar Salad. I forgot to tell the server that I wanted it medium rare. When I got it, it was not over cooked and the flavors just exploded. The Caesar salad had too much dressing for me. I should have had it on the side. The croutons were made from the cornbread, different, but it worked.My wife had the Kobe-style Steak and Enchilada Platter with Escabeche. She was blown away by the sauce on the enchilada and the flavors of the Escabeche. She ordered a side of Escabeche to go, that's how good it was.By the way, we had an intruder flying around our booth for the first 10 minutes. I hoping it died and didn't pester anyone else.We finished off our meal with Banana Cream Pie with Caramel and Crushed Chocolate. I didn't really need to order it, but I hadn't had one for some time. It was excellent .Now this is a place to bring your friends from out of town that you want to impress.
5	We are fortunate enough to enjoy Bandera's at least once a year when we visit Scottsdale/Phoenix area.  This place does everything right!  Food is exceptional and priced reasonably.  The service is the best!  Friendly, patient, informative, and attentive.  My husband had the prime rib....delicious.  We usually have the chicken but chose to explore different items this round.  I had the Butternut squash with chicken enchilada.  Probably would not order that again, but the accompanying fresh, chilled, vegetable escabeche was worth it!  The skillet cornbread is a must every time you go!  Had the banana cream pie, a new twist on this....crust was graham cracker with walnuts, the center was a lovely custard, and fresh sliced bananas topped it with whip cream and caramel drizzled over the top.  Yummy!
5	One of my all time favorite restaurants in Old Town Scottsdale. The rotisserie chicken is wonderful, but what brings me back every time is their AMAZING Macho Salad. I dream about this salad, find myself craving this salad several times a week...and not living in Scottsdale this sucks (although just found out they are a chain and I can now go to the one in Orange County, CA. Yay).I also recommend the skillet cornbread, it's VERY good! The wine & beer lists are really good too. Only thing on the menu that ever disappointed was the mashed potatoes, who the hell puts cauliflower in mashed potatoes?! LOL
1	A good friend of mine wanted to take me for a new experience before we were to attend a party in Scottsdale. We were asked to leave because we were not wearing "proper attire."  I questioned the manager what was the dress code and he could not answer me nor was it posted on the front door, but this site says "casual" so I guess costumes don't count as casual but clearly there was no reason to seat us, take our drink order, and then ask us to leave.  I think Bandera has poor customer service since they didn't seem to try and find accommodations!
5	Here is the breakdown. Fresh squeezed oj and goose, the salmon , and the filet! This is all you need. The sides are awesome too. I'm not going to say I have never had a crappy server here, but that happens anywhere at times. I will give 5 stars for the quality of the food and the reasonable pricing.
4	This place was really great and we will definitely be back. My wife and I went for dinner on a Thurs night and we loved the food and the overall experience. I had the rotisserie chicken and my wife had butternut squash enchiladas. We were both very happy with the main course but the funny thing was that we really loved the house salad and the Ceaser salad we got to start off. Strange but they were delicious.  The service was very good so no complaints there. Parking is tough but we found street parkingThe prices were very fair and I had a beer and the wife had a mojito which was very goodWe also had coffee after dinner and it was delish!
4	Dinner only. Try to make a reservation for priority seating. Still you might wait 45 minutes but its better than 90 mimutes! Food is good. Try the grilled artichokes for starters.
4	This was a well run restaurant with delicious food and top notch service. I just wish I had been more adventurous when ordering. I played it safe with Chicken when I should have gone for the Lamb.
5	I've eaten here quite a few times and I absolutely love it.  The first time I went I was with a group and as not sure what to expect and it was always a pleasure to dine here.  The Grilled Artichokes are amazing.  If you had to start anything and get a feel for what to expect this sets a great foundation.  The entrees are focused on the savory proteins but thats what I'd expect from an American themed restaurant.  The service is always top notch.  Professional, precise, informative and quiet.  Simply put its like ninja's with water jugs because everytime I'd look my glass as always full!  Honestly I love that.  Great atmosphere for a business dinner or formal quiet celebration.  Drink selection is accomodating for any taste and I'm always a return diner at any time of the year.
5	Great awesome, great service, food, portions.  Made reservations, got there table was ready. We had the prime rib, excellent, too much to finish and the Kobe steak enchilada ...perfect A++++.
5	This place is truly 5 star worthy. Every drink I've had here has been top notch, from their margaritas, to their mojitos, to their gin and tonics made with Hendricks gin. Perfection. Their food is just as good. The cornbread is a must, I get it everytime I go, and the fish is always fresh and perfectly cooked. The menu is only a page long, but everything they offer is top notch.  If you'be been meaning to try this place, get on it, you won't regret it!
5	This place was great! You must order the cornbread. It is to die for. One thing, we are from out of town. We called to make reservations and asked about the dress code. The person told us casual. So this being AZ and 112 degrees, we showed up wearing jean, flip-flops, and tee shirts. Boy did we feel out of place. I would say dressy-casual is more the dress code.The food was amazing and the service was perfect. Prices were very reasonable for the quality of both the food and service. Go here if you're in the area.
4	Dined here last night for the first time in years.  The staff was scary friendly and very attentive.  The food was as good as I remembered but now they offer a tortilla sauce over the chicken.  We opted for the sauce on the side (good call) and really enjoyed dinner.  $17 for a 1/2 a chicken seemed pricey, but not overtly so.  I am glad to see they are still in business and wish them many more years of success.  Cornbread was awesome too.
4	The corn bread is amazing. It has a crunchy top and inside there are bits of jalapeno and sweetened corn kernels. It's almost dessert. I also had the carnitas sandwich, and it had a little too many things going on for my taste, but all the parts were delicious - I loved the glaze and the pork. My whole family loved the green rice - it's basmati rice cooked in coconut milk with minced basil, spinach, and cilantro mixed in.
5	Oh my word, thank YOU Scottsdale.Heaven in a slice of meat & potatah! Yes, I said "potatah!" YUMM. Freakin' yumm... Good 'ol meat and potatoes.
3	Annual visit to Bandera's and was surprised to see a new menu  I had called in reservations advising that there would be 3 birthday boys, Hubby, SIL, and Son and a toddler. When we arrived, they made us wait until everyone was there which I don't understand why restaurants do that. Then we get to the table and there were only 4 place settings and no booster chair or high chair. Service was terrible. Waitstaff tried to clear table while we were still eating. Felt rushed but didn't see any customers waiting to be seated. Not only that, but there was no special offering of dessert for the birthday boys. We ordered the skillet cornbread, which was a little underbaked. Also ordered the green rice which was bland. SIL ordered the veggie platter and did not eat the tuna; it looked overcooked. Son had the ribs and chicken and the chicken was good. It should be since that is their signature dish. The ribs were beef and they were tender. They no longer have the pork spareribs, which is what Son wanted. Hubby ordered the prime rib and it was tough and overpriced. He substituted the mashed potatoes for the coleslaw which he's had in the past, but the kale in the coleslaw had not sat long enough in the dressing to have wilted and was still too crunchy for his palate. I didn't mind it, but since Hubby and Son have had this side dish in the past, they didn't feel it met up to their standards. All in all an average dinner and I had to take down the rating primarily because of the waitstaff and hostess and less than stellar food.
5	We frequently dine at the one in Sacramento which is close to where we live and were usually not a fan of chains but this one always makes the cut. Great energy in the restaurant. Must haves are the dip duo, skillet of corn bread, caesar salad and their martinis. We've never had a bad meal at any of them. Great service too
5	This place is definitely on my top 5 list for having a delicious meal out. After eating here a few times I didn't think it could get any better but each time we discover better foods on the menu. Anything that they cook on the rotisserie out back tastes awesome and the drink list is nothing to laugh at with only the best bartenders with top shelf liquors! Bandera also can cater your events or call for take out but make sure that you call ahead since everything is prepared fresh and you don't want them to run out ; ) Two of my favorite foods here are the mac and cheese and the chicken and ribs dish which gives you a taste of both worlds! Bandera is a must try for everyone that appreciates food!
3	Attended a birthday dinner last night for a friend at Bandera. Bandera is categorized on Yelp as a "steakhouse." However, other than filet mignon, there is no steak on the menu. In fact, there are more fish entrees than anything else.Admittedly, what they do, they do well. Unfortunately, what they do is very limited. Namely, a very small wine list and limited number of entree selections. Further, some of the menu items that were most in demand have been discontinued.Ordered was: deviled eggs, the prime rib dinner with mashed potatoes, the rotisserie chicken with garlic mashed potatoes, the jalapeno cornbread and a white cake soaked in cream, topped with caramel sauce and fresh fruit . We didn't order wine because none of us saw a wine we recognized or liked. We ended up drinking beer (Fat Tire) and iced tea.The meal was solid, but unspectacular. The five deviled eggs were good and remarkable only for the fact they appear on few other menus. The prime rib dinner ($31) was a smallish cut (approx 16 oz) for the money. The mashed potatoes (and the garlic mashed potatoes) were made from real potatoes and had chives incorporated. The rotisserie chicken dinners ordered were "off the menu" but the kitchen readily accommodated us. Where they were unable to accommodate us was with a former menu item, baby back ribs.Bandera was famous for their baby back ribs. Enjoyed on previous occasions and commented favorably upon by other reviewers here, these should be a staple, like the hamburger at "21." For a while, they were available "off the menu." Alas, no more.The highlight of the meal was the jalapeno cornbread. It comes in a small cast iron skillet. The crust is sweet and the interior is soft and crumbly. Combined with butter, it's by far the best item we sampled on the menu. To eat at Bandera and not order the the jalapeno cornbread is almost a wasted trip.The white cake soaked in cream with caramel sauce and fresh fruit was excellent. Our "Birthday Boy" had to settle for a single candle in his dessert. The staff does not make a special to do over birthdays and anniversaries -- thank God.The service was well above average. Our server was knowledgeable and friendly. Our meals arrived at the table hot and our glasses, especially the iced teas, did not remain empty for long. I'd like to give Bandera 3.5 stars. They would otherwise be four stars except for the small size of their prime rib and the small size of their menu. Bandera is a "safe" choice in Old Town Scottsdale.
3	We have been to Bandera quite a few times over the years since moving to the valley.  Service is always great.  Food is consistent and fairly good.  Over the years the prices are consistently increasing and portion sizes getting smaller.Went Friday night and ordered the rotisserie chicken dinner.  $17 for chicken and a side of slaw! My wife ordered the grilled salmon.  Unspectacular and with over abundance of black pepper.  Nothing I couldn't cook myself on the grill at home.  Probably have trouble making the fancy grill marks :-)Unlikely I will make a return visit.
1	Don't eat at Banderas in old town. Their servers are great but their "reservation" policies are wack!! If you have a large group, EVERYONE has to be there before they will seat you. So if someone is late and another group come in before your last person shows up, you'll lose your table. Corporations suck! Eat at locally owned establishments.The food is average. I've had better.
5	Definitely worth the money. Amazing prime rib.
5	Great quality food, atmosphere, and location. This is a place to take a date to or just to have an enjoyable evening with great food. The meatloaf (When they have it) is amazing. Steak is also top ofthe line.. Definitely recommend..
4	Great restaurant. Since I am a lover of red meat and potatoes, I truly enjoyed my steak, potatoes, and cornbread, with a couple of glasses of Red Wine. :) Service was just ok. Nothing special which surprised me.
4	Just got back from a trip to Phoenix and i have to give kudos to Bandera.  We didn't know where to go and got a recommendation here. The meal was great.  Don't miss the cornbread, it was spectacular.  It was warm, moist, tasty, delicious! I couldn't make up my mind between the chicken and the ribs, so i got both.  I'm not one to eat a lot of roasted chicken when i was out, but this was very good.  Juicy and cooked just right.  There weren't a lot of ribs, but the meat fell off the bone into my mouth.  MsD had the chicken as well and couldn't finish it, though she really liked it.  Being from South Jersey, I consider myself a bit of a corn snob.  I snickered at getting corn in Phoenix, but Bandera had it seasoned nicely with butter and garlic to make it edible.  Quite the complement from a Jersey Boy! The service was excellent, our waiter Stefan was there when we needed something, but not intrusive.  As we were walking around Old Scottsdale we ran into a couple of eastern travelers who were looking for a place to go.  We sent them to Bandera without a second thought.  Wish we could go back soon, but we'll have to wait until we're out west again.
5	Very good food and service!!! Try the honey mustard BBQ sause!!!!
5	One of my favorite spots. Get the steak...it is awesome!!!! The atmosephere here is very comfortable. One of my favorite spots in Scottsdale
5	Ceasar salad was perfect, chicken and rice was the best I have ever eaten, corn on cob with chili butter was amazing, and the homemade Oreo desert was incredible. By the way, the service was 5 star all the way. No wonder this place has a wait most every night. Wish I could eat there 8 nights a week...
2	Have been going here for years but recently they changed a few menu items and policies:( They no longer offer kids options for food so your forced to purchase a $26 dollar meal for a child.They also charge you extra for substituting  a veg instead of mashed potatoes. They feel mashed potatoes are a garnish for the steak or fish.Bandera your in the hospitality business!I won't be back. What a shame!
4	Food is delicious and great margaritas!  The service is also excellent.
1	Thank you for RUINING our anniversary. My boyfriend and I had a gift card to Ra and Bandera, and we decided to grab a quick bite at Ra since it was their 15th anniversary and dessert and wine at Bandera. During our 'quick bite' we were towed from the parking lot because we didn't have 'dinner' at Bandera, even though we showed a receipt of giving them business. $150 tow fee and absolute rudeness from the Manager  later, we will not be back, nor will we recommend to anyone.
5	I found this place on yelp having only 4 stars. I rate it a 5 star! Whenever you're in old town Scottsdale, check this place out!
4	A bit overpriced but that's likely because it's a chain.  Food is good and so are drinks.  Good atmosphere for a date or group of people.
4	Great food even better ambiance. If the menu was more diverse, especially the dessert portion, this review would be even better. Will be coming back to Bandera again for sure.
3	Have been going to this restaurant for nearly 17 years and the food was great but was very disappointed in the service. Usually they have two and three people on it but the one young lady server from Mesa was very poor on the delivery. Too bad for a great place.
5	I like Bandera. The food is upscale bar food but the presentation is good and I love the wood smoke flavor the meats have. Some of the servers are a bit uppity but in general they are very professional and quick. I will keep coming back. I love the cornbread appetizer.
3	I came to Bandera for a double date, and overall we had a pretty pleasant experience.  I booked a reservation for 6:00 on a Saturday night.  When we arrived we had to wait 20 minutes before we were seated, even though we had a reservation.  That was a bit annoying.  Once we were seated everything went well.  The service was friendly but our server was a bit awkward. The food really was very impressive.  The cornbread was made fresh and had incredible texture and taste.  All of us sampled each others plates and agreed that everything was really great.  I like Bandera but feel like they are a bit overpriced; I'll probably come again but only for a special occasion.
4	My favorite restaurant in Scottsdale! I would do 5 stars but the wait for  a table can be a long one! Great food and great service!
5	This is an amazing restaurant. Service was exceptional and food was a good as all the reviews. Did not disappoint. Only bad thing was that we had reservations for 6:45 and was not seated until 7:15.We had the corn bread, duo dip, grilled salmon & banana cream pie. Everything was delicious and we cleaned our plates.Have to say this again, our servers were so attentive.
4	Went here last week on a date with my boyfriend, it was his first time and about my millionth, lol! Was instantly wowed by their outstanding greeters and servers! My every need was taken care of right away. I had a very attentive blonde female server! She was quick to take our drink order and made sure we had all the appetizers we could possibly need and suggested a really yummy one!(the deviled eggs, which to my surprise were absolutely delicious!) I also ate the chicken sandwich which is my norm and always so delightful! One thing that has always made me a little uneasy is the attire they dress their employees in. I am a personal shopper for Nordstrom and wish I could just get in their and dress these individuals. The white button up shirts and sherrif's badges scream olive garden/farm attire to me. If there is anything I could tell Bandera as to why they only got 4 stars is their clothing choices. Overall wonderful eats!
4	In oldtown Scottsdale. Cool place with great food and super service. We had the cornbread appetizer which was wonderful. Also had the grilled salmon with mashed potatoes and cucumber salad. This was our first time to Bandera and will come back again next time in Scottsdale. Loved it.
5	Definitely in my top 3 in the Phoenix/Scottsdale area....dollar for dollar hard to beat for food and drinks....we ordered the Duo Dip and Corn Bread, Filet, and chicken....everything was top notch
4	I come here for the prime rib and the banana cream pie. I saw a chef on the food network talk about this place once (after I visited) and they said to go for the banana cream pie and the prime rib, so they must be doing something right!
4	I'm a huge Bandera fan (they have locations in Sacramento and Chicago, among others), and as far as quality and service, the Scottsdale branch of this classy establishment did not disappoint. I LOVE the seasonal veggie platter, which features a veritable bounty of the freshest veggies, cooked to perfection. Try the tuna poke, and pretty much every dessert on the menu if you're feeling decadent (but mostly the banana creme pie, a dish which I used to order and take home to eat in bed... don't judge me). So, my enthusiasm for Bandera is pretty solid. The reason why the fifth star eludes this restaurant is because they have the hardest time managing to seat people on time. I don't mind waiting (they have a bar, so no problems here), it's just something that's worth addressing.
5	My wife and I have been huge Bandera fans for the past several years and we were happy to see that the quality (in both food and drinks) has been maintained consistently. The food is prepared efficiently and well. It can get a bit crowded on weekends, which is why we usually try to get there by 5:30 - 5:45 pm at the latest.On our most recent trip to AZ a few weeks ago, we were not disappointed. The little house salads and the rotisserie chicken (standards for which Bandera is known) were as good as always. My wife was positively blown away by the beef ribs. Obviously, we never have room for dessert.The wait staff were their usual bustling but attentive selves. We can't wait to return.
4	The meals at Bandera are always amazing at this place. The grilled articoke appeziters was fantastic, the prime rib is huge and perfectly cooked and seasoned, and the cesear is light and refreshing. The only downside I see is the atmosphere - it's too dark and I always wonder if I'm going to fall asleep before the food comes.
5	Great food every time, ABOVE AMAZING CUSTOMER SERVICE and a perfect atmosphere - this is how i would describe this old town Scottsdale spot. I am here at least twice a month and have been going for years. This place is dialed in. Try the Mustard BBQ Beef Ribs with fancy mashed potatoes - perfection.
5	My wife and I had dinner tonight at Bandera. We chose it based on Yelp reviews. No reservation. We were seated within 15 minutes. We both had the trip steak and enchilada entree. It was excellent. The enchilada was filled with butternut squash And it was an excellent complement to the tri tip as was the cucumber salad. The service was excellent-efficient and friendly. DickSanta Rosa, CA
3	Basically, this is a fancy grill in Old Town Scottsdale.  The food four star but the prices, crowds, and awkward hostess team drops it a star.  I had the chicken and ribs - the ribs were very small, there were only two, but they were very moist and well cooked.  The honey mustard sauce was tasty but a bit overpowering.  The chicken, which is apparently their signature, was pretty run of the mill.  Not sure how they did it but the skin on the chicken wasn't crispy - it was soggy - which is hard to do on a rotisserie.  Now, the awkward hostess and waitin time.  We arrived at 7pm for dinner and was told it would be 75 minutes.  Normally a non-starter but we walked the town and it was fine. A friend of ours decided to join us so we notified the restaurant and they said that adding another person would push the wait to 2.5 hours becuase there are a limited number of tables for 6.  Gulp.  I explained that two in our party are children (aged 2 and 4) and didn't need a full seat.  that seemed to really confuse the hostess ... she reminded me a few times that the wait is 2.5 hours and that we'd still need a party of 6.  Even though they're tiny, would likely be sleeping in the stroller anyway, and the booth style seating meant there'd be plenty of space if we needed it.After speaking to a manager I convinced them to let us take a table for 5 and all was saved.  But let's just say that the hostesses should work on being less awkward and more flexible.
5	Guys, get the cornbread skillet!! It is so awesome and the most memorable thing about a meal that was already great! We ate half as a starter along with the nice little house salad, and took the rest to go (ended up as a nice dessert later that night. Also for dinner, we had the chicken, which was moist and tender, and the butternut squash enchilada, which came with a spicy glaze and was just unique and delicious! My companion says the enchilada was the highlight. Both were great and came with a tasty green chile rice.Overall experience was great, too. We had early dinner reservations (5pm Saturday) prior to our evening plans and were seated promptly. Others without reservations seemed to be seated no problem either, though the place seemed to be getting pretty full. The wood fired menu options, tasty food, and great service made this one a winner!
4	Their cornbread skillet is a great sharing starter, as is the Dip Duo (one is guacamole and the other is, I think, a seafood with zesty sauce).It is a nice restaurant, with a dark wood decor.  Staff is friendly and they have a centralized bar.  I think it may be tough to have a large group meal here, unless you split up, because most of their tables are booths.  There is no patio seating, so you will be in dining in the dimly lit restaurant.  I had their Macho Salad: delicious and large!  The tomatoes and avocado slices were very large, and the chunks of goat cheese (which is soft and tasty) adds a nice flavor to the vegetable mix.
1	Extremely disappointed !  My husband and I were looking forward to taking friends after the Good Guys car show. We asked for table of 6, were seated and then asked to leave as 1 of our guests didn't arrive, therefor we couldn't have the table for 6. My husband offered to pay for an extra meal, but we were refused. Across the street we went to Bucca de Peppi, and enjoyed a wonderful meal and very friendly staff.
3	OK, I never thought I'd be giving Bandera less than 4 stars, but here I am.We visit this location every year when we are in town, and this might be our last time. Our favorites are the Macho salad and cornbread (tho ribs and chicken are outstanding as well). We had a small takeout order one night, and I was shocked at the pricetag ... $17 for my salad ... WHAT? The cornbread seemed to have shrunk as well (though still more than enough) - and it didn't taste as good as it has in years past. Maybe just our order, but on top of my million dollar salad, it added to the disappointment.Still good food, but with price increases, there are so many other great places in the area, we will now be checking them out vs. coming here next time ...Thanks for the memories ....
4	The food was excellent! The chicken was great. I wish I would have checked Yelp though as it was definitely not a kid friendly place. The service was rather slow which for a "date" restaurant that was probably fine but we took two toddlers there just based on a recommendation that the food was good but we didn't talk about the atmosphere.
5	This place is fantastic, they have the best burger anywhere!!  I've never been unhappy with a dish that I've eaten and the service is outstanding. You have to try this place....it's a definite must!!
5	This restaurant is part of Houston's though it is smaller, and much more intimate. The menu is very limited, but the dishes are amazing and the service is outstanding.Last time I visited I had the burger, which was excellently seasoned, and cooked perfectly. The visit before that I had the filet, with mashed potatoes, which was also to die for.Each time we have arrived through the back entrance which takes you through the kitchen, the staff is so welcoming and hospitable even though we are walking through their workspace. Amazing place for a grown-up outing or an intimate date.
4	What a great restaurant! Had to wait about 15 minutes for a table. We were quickly greeted and asked for our drink order. No less than 4 different servers waited on us, delivering drinks, appetizer order, serving, dinner order, taking our payment. They never left you waiting and were always pleasant. The food was great, although a little spicy. I like hot food, but you need something to temper the heat a little during the meal. The pork carnitas were great, my wife had the butternut squash and white cheddar enchiladas. Fantastic! The deviled egg appetizer was also a pleasant surprise. I wish I would have had room for the banana cream pie, it looked delicious. I would definitely recommend this place!
4	The Tri-Tip was the best I've ever had, but the tuna was not good. Good, fast service.
5	Always great food!   The artichokes are to die for....  how they get 3 halves of heaven out of each grilled choke is beyond me.    The service is FANTASTIC with veteran service staff and talented seating people.   I have yet to have a bad experience.   The tuna is fantastic, trout wonderful, ribs great, chicken perfect.   The banana cream pie (my favorite pie) is prepared in a non traditional way that I wont order again but many love it!     The place is always busy and now you know why!Thank you Bandera,   I will be back!Frank T.
4	Had the artichoke hearts as an appetizer and it was great.  Very tender and seasoned just right.I had the trout and it was a generous portion with vegetables as the side.My coworkers ordered Banana pie for dessert and they said it was excellent, but I'm not a big banana fan so I didn't try any.Great location in the Old Town part of Scottsdale.
5	The food here is always delicious! I have never had to wait to be seated. The service is great and every server I have had there was quick, attentive, and not annoying. The restaurant is intimate and I always feel relaxed there. We ordered the cornbread which was awesome! I have to say I don't usually eat salads, at all.. But when I read what the Macho Salad had in it, I decided to give it a try and wow it was excellent! It had avocado, roasted chicken, chopped almonds, and goat cheese. I never like salads but this one is incredible! I love it! I get it everytime I go. A family member of mine always gets the Bandera- Style roasted chicken which is always good and roasted to perfection. I have gone here a couple times and each time it has been excellent!
5	I've been to the Bandera in Chicago on Michigan Avenue a couple of dozen times. Always a great meal and reasonably priced for downtown. When my wife and I were in Scottsdale on vacation last month and discovered there was a Bandera there, we knew where we were having dinner! We arrived as they were opening and were seated promptly. Our server was friendly and quick, taking our order for drinks and cornbread. We let her know that we had been to the Chicago location many times. The cornbread was awesome as usual!! We both kept things simple and ordered the chicken which is always great and served quickly. After a delicious meal topped off with banana cream pie, our server came over and asked if there was anything else we needed. I told her nothing except the bill. She said, "tonights dinner is on the house". I thanked her profusely both verbally and with the gratuity. It was a great end to our vacation!
5	Wow - everything we had here was really good.  The skillet cornbread was delicious. My husband had the burger and said it was one of the best he's had.  I had the Carnitas Sandwich and it was one of the best sandwiches I've ever had - amazing.   They make everything in house - even the bun.  The sandwich was really creative and super delish.   I can't wait to go back and have it again!
3	The food at Bandera was very good.  I was with a group, and we shared a couple starters that were all delicious:  the corn bread was flavorful and beautifully presented, and the "duo-dip" (guacamole, and a cheese-type dip) were seasoned perfectly.  For the main course, I had roast chicken and it, too, was delicious.So, why only 3-stars???  My issue goes beyond the food and drinks, I had a very strange experience at Bandera - one that I've never had at any other restaurant.  I was with there for a business dinner, and we weren't sure if 6, 7, or 8 people would be joining us.  First, our group encountered a lot of resistance to us sitting at ANY table if we weren't exactly sure how any people would be there, despite the fact that when we arrived, the restaurant was nearly empty.  (Being fare to Bandera, they did draw a very nice crowd, just a little bit later).  We ultimately sat at a table for 7, and of course, our 8th person arrived.  Even though we made room by squeezing in - and we were ok with that - the wait staff hurried over to let us know we had to split up into two tables.  We reiterated that we were fine, but it was made clear that 8 people at this table for 7 was NOT ok..... Our business dinner ended up split between two tables.  Very odd.    Sadly for Bandera, the people at this dinner were influential local and national business leaders who dine out frequently.  After dinner, many of us commented that this restaurant did not seem to be amenable to accommodating our group, and most of us won't be returning for future business dinners.Here's the thing:  if you go to Bandera, expect good food, but only go with a smaller group.  (And, by the way, the largest table they have seats 7, so let that be your guide).
1	I went to this place as a last minute decision based on the fact there was no wait.  Not by word of mouth and certainly not by any reviews I have read.  It was simply chance that brought me here.  Upon arrival  I had my wife get us a table so I could go park the car, the server asked her when I would be there and my wife said he is parking the car.  The hostess said I guess I can seat you then.  So after she gets seated the server comes up and ask where I am at.  This was pretty rude.My wife orders drinks while I am parking the car.  I show up and look over the menu.  They offer a small but to the point menu.  They have mesquite broiled chicken, salads, ribs and other items.  I ordered the Ribs and Chicken plate (26 bucks).  My wife ordered the Macho Salad (17 BUCKS).  The price is not the issue but the food sure was.  My two ribs were burnt to a crisp I mean charcoal and my chicken was cold as ice.  So either our food had been ready and sitting for a while or the server decided to mess with me.  My wife's salad was amazing.  It had goat cheese, chicken and all the fixings.  The drinks were good too.  Overall this place feels like the typical Scottsdale run of the mil attitude infested restaurant that seems to fit the reputation of the area however there are tons of better and friendly restaurants in the area.  My recommendation is to skip this place unless its a last resort.
5	I went to Bandera for dinner for a staycation weekend getaway with girlfriends and it was fantastic! I ordered the Macho Salad with slow-roasted rotisserie chicken, avocado, chopped almonds and goat cheese. So delicious. I think my favorite part was the croutons - fried, rich, warm, the perfect consistency. Cleaned my plate, perfect amount of food. YUM.
5	Love this place
5	Love love love this place! Bandera is our benchmark; Whenever my husband and I try a new restaurant we always compare it to Bandera. Maybe that's one of the reasons we keep coming back here so often! As many new restaurants as we try, very few measure up to this place. There are so many things I love about Bandera I need to make a list, paragraph form just won't cut it.1. Consistency. In my experience very few restaurants can pull off making the same dish exactly the same way every single time. Bandera does. We go back over and over again for our favorites and it always tastes exactly the way it's supposed to.2. Food. It's amazing. Some of our favorites:     -grilled artichokes     - corn bread (my arteries hate me afterwards but seriously, best corn bread ever)     -macho salad     - crispy chicken sandwich     - peanut cole slaw     - every single fresh seasonal vegetable they serve     - banana cream pie3. Service. Always friendly. Always knowledgable. Love that I can start a tab at the bar while I wait for dinner and they transfer it to the dinner table, no questions asked. And yes, the bartender is tipped out appropriately on this transfer so I don't have to worry about that. 4. Take out. It's hard to find take out that tastes as good at home as it does in the restaurant. Sometimes you just want to eat something delicious in your pajamas and on your couch! And as many times as we have ordered take out from Bandera (and it's been a lot of times) they have never once messed up our order or forgotten anything. Seriously! That never happens but here, it just does. So, long story longer, we love Bandera. If you've been hopefully you've had the same amazing experiences we have. If you haven't been, GO! And order yourself a home made margarita while waiting for dinner, it's amazing.
5	Took my wife here for her birthday - she'd been wanting to try it for awhile, and we'd never been - so I made a reservation and we went.  We were definitely not disappointed.  The ambiance was very nice, and our server was polite, attentive, and very helpful.  The house salad I started with tasted noticeably fresh and was generous in size.  My wife had a rotisserie chicken, which she really enjoyed.  I had their special for the evening, a lamb sirloin, and I was delicious.  Very flavorful, and the sides (broccoli and mashed potatoes) were tasty as well - and I'm not usually a fan of broccoli.  The evening was topped off by a birthday dessert of a banana/chocolate pie - again, delicious.  No complaints about the food, service, or ambiance.  Wish we would have found this place earlier, and we'll definitely be back.  It's risen to the top tier on our list of Scottsdale restaurants.  Highly recommended.
4	So my friend from Tucson said when she's in PHX she always likes to stop by at this restaurant called Bandera. She told me how good it was so I went on Yelp to do some research because I haven't heard of this place, which to me was shocking. I'm not sure how I missed this place because it's right in Old town where all the restaurants are at. O_oSo what grabbed my attention from the pictures on yelp was their Cornbread... let me just say that I LOVE good cornbread...Bandera serves their cornbread on a skillet, it came out right out of the oven, hot, fresh, crisp, and my golly it so good! (Yes, I said "Golly" lol...)  I could  taste the corn and jalapenos all together in my first bite. If anyone has tried ZTeja's skillet style cornbread, Bandera has got it in the bag! I just wanted to eat that as my main entree...it was that good...!)I got the Prime Sirloin Tri-Tip and Enchilada Platter with cucumber salad (this seemed the be the popular choice on yelp). The portion was good, although it was plenty it wasn't too small or gigantic. Everything went well together, the sirloin was cooked to medium rare, the enchilada was delicious with the perfect amount of their special enchilada sauce that was drizzled on top, and their cucumber salad was refreshing! My bf got the Aged Prime Rib which is slow roasted on the bone with mashed potatoes. He was surprised on how big the rib was, it was literally the size of his hand haha! It was just way too much meat for him, if you like a lot of meat then this dish is for you! So everyone said that they were full and had no room for dessert but I insisted on getting something! It was either between Banana Cream Pie or their homemade Oreo Cookie, they both looked so good but we choose the Banana Cream Pie with caramel and crushed chocolates to share and guess what...we all killed it! I would definitely recommend this place. The ambiance was great, service was fantastic, food was good, check it out. =) I'll be back to try their Oreo Cookie Sandwich next time and of course their Cornbread.
5	Ok, it's a chain. So what? I try to go here every time I am in town because we don't have a Bandera's at home.The service is impeccable. The food is delightful.Since I don't get to venture here often I always choose the Macho salad. It is consistently awesome each time. On our last visit we sampled the dip duo which consisted of some fresh guacamole and a spicy cheese concoction with some nice, salty corn tortilla chips. Yum!My dining companion isn't in quite the rut I am in with the Macho salad. This go-round he had the roasted chicken which he devoured. It was juicy, aromatic and flavorful. I know this because some of that chicken was in my salad!We cannot go wrong with over-stuffing ourselves with the Oreo cookie ice cream desert at the end.Cheers to you, you lucky ducks who get to dine here whenever you want!
4	Service was great. Good food. Strong drinks ;)Tried the deviled eggs ;)I had the ahi tuna w a great salad. My wife ordered the chicken and ribs combo. Ribs were great. Chicken was chicken. The tuna was sashimi style ;)
1	RUSHED OUT THE DOOR:  My wife and I invited some friends to this restaurant.  At first appearance, the service appeared to be genuinely good, but then it showed its true colors.  The Mustard Barbecue Beef Ribs were so burnt that when we called back the waiter, he recognized this before we even said anything and took it back.  We were brought the check without requesting it and without being offered dessert. As soon as we finished dessert, our water glasses and napkins were removed.  When I asked--tongue in cheek--if it was because he wanted us to leave, he said "yes" just loud enough for us to hear.  Feeling lead out the door, my wife and I were quite embarrassed and will not be returning.
1	Poor Management!!! I wish I would have read the other reviews before eating at Bandera tonight. I was a long time fan and I'm still a big fan of Hillstone on Camelback. But will not go back to Bandera until I'm notified the manager "Mark Poltntan" is no longer employed by Hillstone.
5	The filet is amazing and the service is exceptional. This is my favorite restaurant in Phoenix - I highly recommend it!!
3	Normally this ism a great place for Prime rib.  Well the other day my wife and I went there and it was sub par (poor quality)  and over cooked. I hope this is not a trend
1	Awesome waitress, appalling general manager and hostess, sat our party at 2 different tables, when we called for reservations the manager told us he would accommodate 6 even though their policy was 5 in a booth. They then put  an automatic 18% tip for a party of six. No apology, nothing. So done with this place.
5	Love this place! We visit Scottsdale every year and this is one of our must go places. Our favs are jalapeno cornbread, prime rib, and the roasted chicken. Yummy!
3	I love their food but their soda system is ridiculous.  When everyone is giving unlimited refills they decide to charge you $2.50 for each little 8 oz bottle of coke.  I don't drink so i love to have a coke with my dinner. The waitress tried to make it sound better by telling us the bottles were cute and we could save them as a souvenir.  Well I don't think people going to Banderas are the type  to display coke bottles in their living room.  So I spent 10 bucks on soda that night.  Even at $3 a soda they are making bank.  I think they are trying to be trendy and different but this just ends up being stupid.  Talk about being out of touch they probably still use a typewriter to type the menu.  Save some money and aggravation and go to Roaring Fork where they will refill your coke all day long for one reasonable price.
5	The Ahi Tuna is best tuna we have ever had!! Cooked to perfection and the dressing on the greens was perfect! Rotisserie chicken is excellent! And the green rice was a great pairing. The service was excellent as well. Our 20 minute wait ended up being less than 10. Excellent cocktails. I would recommend this place for a nice evening out with friends, date night, or just for drinks. Everyone down to the kitchen staff was out together!
5	When we get into town, this is the first place we come!  As always the macho salad is first on our list, followed by the grilled artichokes.  Sadly we never have room for dessert, but I hear its amazing!
5	Two words.  Back Door.  Prime Rib.
4	Soon to be brother in law brought us to dinner here tonight. We had high expectations for the chicken and corn bread. The good:Cornbread is the bomb. Sweet, spicy and moist. So good. Coleslaw is also  winner, spicy but not overpowering. A must try. The meh:Chicken while tasty didn't knock my socks off. We had just had El Pollo Loco last night and don't see much difference between the two. Green rice, hmm really lacking flavor. Skip it and sub Coleslaw. Service was overall very good. Staff was very friendly. We did receive our food rather quickly, which didn't make for a relaxing meal. Timing could have been better. Overall it is a good place. 5 stars no, but a solid 4. Would try again.
5	Awesome unpretentious food. That's what it  is here at Bandera Restaurant. Fine and fresh ingredients prepared to absolute perfection. We tried the grilled artichokes, grilled chicken and Butternut and white cheddar enchilada. Banana cream pie was just there, not great. We have tried other Hillstone restaurants, hustons, Hillstone, Rutherford grill in Napa, Los Altos grill in SF Bay Area. We will comeback to this place for sure. Their service is great too.
4	My favorite restaurant in Old Scottsdale, with Barrio Queen a very close second.  The margarita here is the best.  The Rib Eye special has been spectacular (although I personally am not a fan of Greek salad so that side gets left behind).  Nice upscale atmosphere even if it is part of a chain.  Didn't know there was one in LA so I'll have to try it.  Very sweet bartending staff where I always sit to have dinner.  Why is it all women behind the bar?  A few men wouldn't hurt.  Limited menu but the barbecued chicken is very good.
3	I have mixed feelings about Bandera's star worthiness.  Ambiance is great, dark, romantic, great bar area..I could picture James Bond sipping on a cocktail at this bar and charming a Scottsdale woman back to his suite at the W before flying off to Casablanca to kill another villain..one star for that. That said, it gets packed, and can feel a bit claustrophobic. Our server was wonderful. I think the true talent of a great server shows when they can handle big groups and are good with kids. I can't remember her name, but she deserves a shout out, star for that.  Now that I'm living with a famous health food chef/trainer I am lucky to experience what real quality food can taste like when prepared to perfection. Ill say the food was good, but not life changing here...so one star out of two for taste. Why do they lose the other star you ask? Well it's always nice to have management stop by and ask how things are, it is an important part of customer service. We were celebrating a bday..and one of the attendees was in the two year old range. For the most part, behaving very well, but was occasionally letting out a giddy, happy scream, which can happen at this age especially with the excitement of helping open a few gifts for her mother.  There is the way right way to approach this situation as manager on duty, and a wrong way....The only time we saw management was when she approached the table and straight up told the group, "If the child screams one more time you are going to have to leave this restaurant"  This was after we had a half dozen appetizers on the table and waiting for our mains..Now I  certainly do not write books on the basic fundamentals of nonviolent communication, but I'm guessing this would not be in the manual. Pissing off mamma bear is exactly the last thing you ever want to do.  A better approach may have been to start with  "Hi guys, Im so happy everyone is having a lovely time at our establishment, happy bday, and I just would like to ask you guys to try and hold, insert name of said child here, happy screams down. The pitch is rather loud and echoing across the other tables thanks again."  It certainly soured the evening and I know that it may be a long time before anyone in our group gives this place any business again.
2	Poor customer service. Not accommodating and wouldn't seat more than 5. Hostess was snarky and pompous. Can't rate the food; wouldn't seat us because there were 6 of us.
4	On a recent trip to Scottsdale I used Yelp to find a good dinner stop and I was intrigued by the idea of a steakhouse with a sort of Latin twist. I had no idea that it was a chain and am only now finding out that there are a couple of locations nearer to me in California, so I'll need to see about going again. I had the prime sirloin tri tip with white cheddar enchilada and I am admittedly a sucker for enchiladas anytime anywhere, and Bandera's version was a winner. The steak was also cooked very well and the service was super-duper quick and friendly. The ambiance is noisy, but I liked it and I liked that the kitchen was open too. The drinks we had were also tasty. The prices were on the higher side, but the quality and taste of the food were worth it.
1	Have been going here since the first week they opened!! Went with a party of four  and when I ade reservation on phone was told no problem sitting in booth by street but when we arrived was met by very very rude hostess she said only parties of five or mre could sit in larger booths never was told thisin the nearly 20 years of coming here when we asked why all the other booths of that size had parties of three or less she got very hostile and bitter never treated this way where before our regular server told us entire staff except her was new everyone else left because of terrible working conditions also prices have been raised by 20 to 30 percent in the last two weeks the prime rib was the worst ever eatin here complaint was just shrugged off after twenty years probably never going back!!!
4	Great place to have a nice meal, in a great atmosphere with the significant other, or a group of friends. Visited on New Years Eve and had a great experience. Party of 8 on New Years Eve is no small job, but they got us sat in 30 minutes and the service was consistent with the busy vibe. Everyone enjoyed their selections and even when my food came out late, they were quick to comp the entire meal. Now thats what I call customer service.  Been here  a few times and will be back.
4	Been here a few times and each time we have a solid meal. Their strength is definitely consistency. They have a fantastic rotisserie chicken that you can purchase to go or eat in the restaurant. It is what they are known for. My favorite entree is the Macho salad which is a really nice combination of the rotisserie chicken, toasted cornbread, fresh veggies, avocado, etc. Last time we were there we also tried the ribs and they are excellent. The meat just fell of the bone and the sauce wasn't too heavy. If you like rotisserie/BBQ, this place is for you!
5	NOTE:  i usually order the same things here.  Fire grilled artichoke app:  home runJalepeno corn bread:  best corn bread i've hadDip Duo:  skip the guac (it is good) for double cheese (it is awesome)  tip:  they will refill your chips.  don't stress...Beef Ribs:  fall off the bone beef.  unreal.  I loved their old bbq sauce:  ask if they have any.  The mustard bbq is still excellent.  4 ribs on your plate.  Sometimes they switch up the menu and do a rib/chicken combo: just tell them you want ribs only.Sides:  you can switch out anything.  Best sides:  fire roasted corn (only in season), spinach, roasted brussel sprouts.  Other Mains:  Tri-tip and Enchilada platter.  solid.REQUEST:  bring back Izze soda's.   Service:  i'm not gonna lie...the Hosts/Hostesses are generally rude at Scottsdale (i've always had great service at the Corona del Mar location).  Bar is typically packed in the evening.  Server's have generally been great at both.
5	After watching the most amazing sunset at South Mountain Summit I headed back to Scottsdale and stopped here for dinner. Sat at the bar and had a ice cold beer served in an ice cold glass. The butternut and white cheese enchiladas were absolutely amazing and the cucumber salad that accompanies it was very refreshing. Vanessa the bartender was very attentive. It was a perfect end to a perfect evening!!
5	Hungry for a late snack and drink after the basketball game. Came to Bandera because, well, we are obsessed with Hillstone restaurants. :)Decided to share something we've never had before...the butternut squash enchiladas. So delicious!! Flavor explosion in a dish. AND you can add a second enchilada for ONE DOLLAR! (Thanks to Jordon for the tidbit). Hillstone/Houston's/Bandera/R&D, whatever you call yourself, you have the best Margaritas EVER, no salt please. This location no exception. Thanks to Jordon for going above and beyond. You made our experience special and fun!!!Great end to a perfect day.
4	THIS PLACE IS AMAZING!If I could eat their food everyday I would. Their prime rib is always best served medium rare and seasoned to perfection. I try to only go during artichoke season because it is the highlight of my meal when I'm there. They chop them in half and grill them with the most amazing combo of spices!They used to have a mac and cheese with walnuts that they sadly stopped making. This was honestly the best mac and cheese I had ever had so I am not happy about them removing it from the menu. I would recommend a reservation because they are always busy.
5	My wife and I came down to Scottsdale for a couple of nights (see review for Hyatt Regency Scottsdale) and planned to try someplace different but when we hit a couple of dead ends (Monday closures) we decided to come back here and I am glad we did.  We had another 5 star experience, maybe 5+ stars.  We were seated immediately at our favorite table (no. 27) which is ringside to all the action in the open and busy kitchen.  Bandera's cocktails are always near perfect and generous in size (Manhattan straight up and an Elderflower martini).  We started with their seasonal grilled artichokes which taste like an artichoke steak accompanied by their signature skillet cornbread which is almost a meal in itself.  We split an entree plate and added another side so we had just enough room left to finally try their banana cream pie which was good but not spectacular.  I had tri tip steak which was wonderfully juicy and cooked to a juicy medium rare.  Our servers and runners was genuinely friendly and attentive making our entire dining experience memorable and delightful.
1	I came back for Valentines Day and I was disappointed. I hyped this place up so much to my boyfriend and when we got there Banderas dropped the ball. Not only was our reservation pointless and a waste of my time, my prime rib... The meal I always look forward too, the one I hyped up so much, was COLD when I started eating it. My boyfriends was also cold. What a waste. The free desert they provides showed they didn't care, their offer to throw our meat back in the fire shows how they are ignorant that reheated steak is awful, their offer to send us home with new ones shows the clear fact they don't understand how they ruined our Valentines Day.Seriously Bandrea, what the hell happened to you guys? Truly, no longer my favorite restaurant...
5	This as with all the other Hillstone group restaurants are always good. Came here for Valentines Day everything was great. Usually the service at places lack when there is a special occasion, but definitely not here. You will be happy with everything you order. I would recommend the burger tho. Wow thats all i have to say.
5	I was at Bandera on 2/21/14.  Fantastic food and even better service!  Management appears to oversee, review, and approve every item coming out of the kitchen.  Bandera does  not disappoint!  If you are going to Bandera on the weekend, be prepared to wait if you don't have a reservation, but it is definitely worth the wait.
3	It's not as good as it used to be.  The ribs and chicken used to fall off of the bone they were so moist and tender.  Tonight they were just ok, nothing stood out as spectacular, this used to be a standout as traditional excellence goes.  They have gone by the way of the foodie and it's not the niche we need them to fill.
4	We made a 5pm reservation and were greeted promptly and seated. Our server was attentive and professional throughout our meal. We enjoyed the Chicken & Rib entree, Prime Rib and the Chicken Sandwich. The food was eye pleasing and just as tasty. It is always a good idea to start with their cornbread - no butter needed. It's tangy, it's sweet, it's just awesome! The restaurant fills up quickly, so if you have to wait, it is well worth it. The servers work as a team and the helped everyone seamlessly! Another great time at Bandera! Give it a try!
4	I have been to this location many times over the years and have not been disappointed. The Macho salad was delicious and the cornbread was just as good as I remember.
5	The service that we received was awesome. A must try is the skillet cornbread.
3	Arrived (with no reservation) on a Saturday in March around 5.45pm. 20-minute wait, but the smell emanating from inside made us hopeful. First problem; no kids' menu. Panned corn bread was good. We ordered a variety if dishes; crispy chicken sandwich, roast chicken, chicken and ribs, pork sandwich. Service was fast and friendly. Food was good; in both quality and quantity. We were in and out in an hour, but dropped $180 for 2 adults and 3 kids ($150 plus tip). Three full doggie bags to take home, but still not worth ~$200. Probably best to avoid if you have kids but good for couples...
5	I LOVE this restaurant!  I usually don't care much for "chain" restaurants but this is by far, one of my favorite places to eat!  And I appreciate the consistency between both Sacramento and Scottsdale locations...the 2 where I've dined.  The grilled artichokes are fabulous and nobody makes a better lemon drop!!!!
1	If you want to wait in line for horrible overpriced food and bad service here is the place. Do not go here.
1	Just left Bandera where I had the most awful experience with a manager in my 40 years of restaurant dining. Due to a malfunction with THEIR machine our credit cards were denied 5 times, each a different card. On the spot in the restaurant  I called AMX and was told the had NO record of our cards  ( my husband's and mine) even being attempted to be used. We had a huge credit line and no late charges. At home we called Chase and we're told that no attempt was made to use that card either.  The manager was arrogant and did not even listen when we told him what American Express told us.   AMX said it was an error with their server or their machine.  He was very rude and condescending. He insisted it was us. On a last attempt our card went through. No apology. No attempt to make it right. Not even a cup of coffee!  Went next door for ice cream and the card was fine!   A new manager  is desperately needed !
5	I am sad that they took the Mac n Cheese off the menu about a year ago.  If you are going for the 1st time get the cornbread and the chicken and ribs combo.  The peanut slaw is awesome too.  They have a small menu and I have had everything on it and everything is good!  Give it a try.
5	Okay, this place is great!  The rib-eye was close to Jocko's rib-eye flavor and texture and is one of the better steaks I've had in a long time. Hat's off to you!The service is top-notch. They use the tag-team approach so each server is hitting your table at different times. GREAT JOB GUYS!The devil eggs were okay, not home run, but good. The croutons in the will make you think about what they are - very flavorful. I liked them. The mash potatoes were great too as was the cucumber salad...of course I removed those suckers as I hate them!  The long island ice tea was unique too. Very good stuff.  I don't like chain restaurants, but I like this one!
5	We recently visited Bandera again thinking we might just go in for cocktails and appetizers but it was not to be.  We put our name on the wait list for a table in case the bar failed to clear out which is what happened.  We also met a local who frequents Bandera multiple times per week so through him we were able to learn more about both the restaurant, it management and corporate history which is not really important for an update.  What is important is to remember to always ask if something you want is NOT on the menu.  Good example is their incredible meat loaf which I thought was long gone.  Not so according to our new friend who not only spotted it in the open kitchen but also asked our server who confirmed that it was.  I still haven't had their renowned rotisserie chicken which is a favorite of the friend who joined us for dinner.This restaurant never ceases to amaze me and I don't think I would ever get tired of either the food, the ambience, energy and class of this place.  It may be part of a chain but it is one hell of a good chain restaurant.  Can't wait to eat there again!
5	Love this place. So many reviews, so I'll just give you my last week favorites . Grilled Artichokes are back:) and better than ever. Corn bread, no matter what kind of diet, this is worth a splurge, so good you can eat it without butter to feel better about yourself. Also anything chicken!!!!! Have a good time, see you there .
5	PDSF Review:  PARKING is free, behind the restaurant.  DECOR: lights are dimmed for a classier and more mysterious feel.  SERVICE was tremendous, from the receptionist to the waitress; always checking up on me.  FOOD was super amazing.  I ordered a large cut of prime rib.  It was cooked to the exact temperature that I like.  Also, the meat itself was juicy and yummy.  I actually think this place's prime rib is better than Lawry's!!!  Great deal for just $35 at Bandera.  Highly recommend.
2	My father's friend recommended Bandera as a dining location during our family's pilgrimage to Scottsdale. It's a popular restaurant - when we called up at 5:00pm to make a same-day reservation, the earliest available table was at 9:15pm. We decided to wait for a table instead, and were seated in about 45 minutes.A quick perusal of the menu told me that it was a Hillstone-owned restaurant: there's the "macho salad", a butternut and cheddar enchilada, homemade Oreo sandwich, etc. This was a bit disappointing as I've dined at a couple of Hillstones elsewhere and was hoping for a more original dining experience. But since we were there, we ordered:Grilled Artichoke (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/bandera-scottsdale?select=-eniIDlsW7sIOR6YOF2sAQ#NXGmm9uLQ9DrIYJSSJffMw): 4/5 Who doesn't love a nicely-grilled vegetable? This was nice and crispy on the outside, soft and tender on the inside, and served with a good remoulade dip. They serve this at every Houston's and is an appetizer I'll always order.Skillet Cornbread (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/bandera-scottsdale?select=-eniIDlsW7sIOR6YOF2sAQ#sd27YFMBnR2nFa0P4FY2og): 2.5/5 Another Houston's staple. There is much less cornmeal in this than in most versions of cornbread, and it's quite heavy on the butter. This combination makes for a heavy, non-cakey cornbread, which I actually prefer but will leave traditionalists a bit disappointed. You'll find corn kernels and jalapenos baked into it.Crispy Chicken Sandwich (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/bandera-scottsdale?select=-eniIDlsW7sIOR6YOF2sAQ#p25rQpHnyaxrdxQu8feqXQ): 1.5/5 I had this at Honor Bar in Beverly Hills and LOVED it. Unfortunately, this was quite disappointing. The chicken breast was flavorless in addition to being fried too long so that the overly-crispy batter was falling off. There wasn't enough moisture in the sandwich overall to combat a heavy-tasting bread; the kale slaw was really lacking in vinaigrette and there was none of the delicious honey aioli I remembered from the previous time I ordered this dish. It didn't get finished.Bandera-Style Roasted Chicken (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/bandera-scottsdale?select=-eniIDlsW7sIOR6YOF2sAQ#Cc7HeytW61mGJIjsOjzuSQ): 2.5/5 I guess there's only so much you can do with rotisserie chicken, but this wasn't a huge step up from what you can get at El Pollo Loco for far cheaper. While the 1/2 chicken was moister, it was prepared with the same paprika and onion powder rub. The accompanying rice looked fantastic, but was ultimately very bland and herbed with parsley rather than cilantro.Banana Cream Pie (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/bandera-scottsdale?select=-eniIDlsW7sIOR6YOF2sAQ#-eniIDlsW7sIOR6YOF2sAQ) 1/5 The only thing "banana"-y about this dessert were the fat slices on the plate. The pie itself had none. The custard wasn't flavored with anything (no vanilla, no banana, no nothing!) but was just your standard thickened egg yolk. And the whipped cream had no sugar or other sweetener mixed into it and was completely bland. This was less than half-eaten between 3 adults.We were a bit disappointed with our dinner and won't return in future visits to Scottsdale. I wouldn't recommend it to anybody who has been to another Hillstone/Houston's in the past.
1	I am only giving this one star as you have to give one to leave a review. This place, staff, management and corporate don't deserve any starts!This was my first time eating here (March 10, 2014) I had some friends just get in from Cali that I had not seen in 25 years. We picked them up from their hotel around the corner at 5:45 and we were seated promptly for our 6:00 reservation. My girlfriend and I split a bottle of wine while my boyfriend and other friend had a martini.  When our dinner came we ordered a bottle of wine for the four of us. We had started with the artichoke appetizer which was probably the only good thing about our whole visit.  Our dinners came and we had not yet gotten our bottle of wine. My friend went to ask the waitress if we could get our bottle of wine as our dinner has been served. She said "OK". We started eating our meals, I had the rotisserie chicken dinner with the green rice. My chicken was bland and red in the middle and my rice was cold. Before I could say anything, the waitress came to the table to see how it was, but we again asked for our bottle of wine. She than told she could not serve us anymore alcohol and that was their policy because my friend and I had shared a bottle of wine. More than two people have to share a bottle. They didn't tell us that when they served it to us. So my friend went to talk to the manager, Nick. He told her he was not serving us anymore because she was already slurring her words! This really upset my friend and she came back to the table in tears. My friend was in a horrific car accident a few years ago and her speech has been affected and Nick took that as her being drunk!!!  So my boyfriend goes to talk to the manager and he said the same thing. Then the waitress came back to the table and we told her this was ridiculous and she said that a week prior someone had gotten a DUI after leaving the restaurant and blamed the restaurant for over serving them alcohol so they were being cautious.  The manager came back to our table and told my friend she was DRUNK! Right to her face and that he will not serve us anymore.  My friend didn't even touch her dinner she was so upset. I didn't eat much of mine as it was cold and not good at all and then the managers behavior turned me off.  My friend asked that he take her dinner off the bill because he upset her and he at first said "NO" but after our arguing, he did take if off which we appreciated.  I called corporate and spoke to a nice woman there. She said they have to protect the restaurant and they don't know if we came from somewhere else that my friend could have gotten drunk at.  UNBELIEVABLE!!!  This restaurant is part of a big corporation so what do they care?  I explained to her that we will never be back and we will tell all of our friends. The manager should be more sensitive to people than thinking everyone is drunk all the time. The only thing the woman was concerned about was Nick's usage of words "slurring" and "drunk" and she said she would speak to him about his verbiage.  My girlfriend is owed a big apology!!  We will never go to any of these restaurants and I we will spread this to all of our friends so they don't go either.  We went somewhere else where they were more than happy to serve us alcohol and they had NO ISSUE with my friend who has a handicap!!!
3	Good food, long. wait even with reservations,  What's the point in making reservations if I have to wait for an hour to get in???
2	Went to Bandara tonight.  We ordered the prime rib and it camr our RARE,  very rare. We sent it back and guess what they stuck it under the salimander.  How embarrasing.  I confronted the manager and he wasnt very happy.  We re ordered  and on the third try it was rare but not as much.  I have seen a drop in quality over the past year.
5	It's a very upbeat restaurant and you usually need reservations in the evening.  The food is delicious and very large portions. One of the best salads I've ever had (the Macho salad). They are famous for their wood-fired rotisserie chicken.  I wasn't a fan of the thin french fries though.  The burgers are also delicious too. Overall a great place to meet friends or go on a date with great food.  Although I don't believe they have any outside seating.
5	Made our annual pilgrimage to Banderas last night and was not disappointed. Getting there when they open at 5, which is the key to no wait for a table, allowed us to be seated immediately. Service was good & food was great. Artichokes, cornbread & margaritas are musts!
5	Love love love Bandera!!!! Best cornbread you'll ever have!!! Never a disappointment coming here always look forward to it!!!
5	This is one of the best restaurants in the area. You always get great food. The drinks are good. The service is very good. Make sure you have a reservation unless you do not mind to wait for long time.
4	This is a great southwestern restaurant in Old Town Scottsdale.Service is excellent.  The hostess, server, and manager were all very kind when my group came in.We got our food incredibly quickly.  The server joked that the chefs weren't very busy, but hey, that's much better than the food taking a long time.The food was all great.  Everything had a little bit of a kick to it, from the Dip Duo to the Carnitas Sandwich.  Nothing was outstanding, but it was definitely worth the money.This seems like a great place for a date night or a calm night with friends.Check it out!
5	Bandera is one of my all-time favorite restaurants. I have never had a single menu item I didn't like and I've been there more times than I'd care to admit. Their cornbread is To.Die.For! Their house salad is so delicious and unique- quite a surprise. And their chicken and green rice are mouthwatering and always cooked to perfection- a combo made in heaven. Can't wait for another excuse to go back.
1	My friend and I went there on Monday night, had an amazing meal.  It was one of the best filet mignon either of us have ever tasted.  The artichoke appetizer was fantastic, best choke I've ever had.  Waitress was very good as well.  It was so good that the very next night (last night - Tuesday) we decided to go back.  We arrived at 915-930pm.  We were promptly seated. And we knew very quickly what we wanted to eat.  Prime rib and ahi, Caesar salads, and an artichoke app.  Ordered it.  Got a couple beers. Then very quickly we got our artichoke.  Next we got our salads about two minutes later, and about two minutes after that we got our entrees.  We'd literally taken maybe two bites of salad and the waitress brings the entrees.  Talk about rushed!  It only gets worse.  About four minutes later the waitress comes by and takes my friend's beer glass.  He said " can I have another one?"  She said, "we're not serving anymore alcohol."  And I forgot to mention that the waitress had a generally bad attitude and snooty demeanor.  She was very obviously annoyed by a late table.  Very obviously annoyed.  No apology about the rush or no more beer just a snotty attitude.  She didn't even ask if we wanted dessert.  She was just thrilled to see us leave.  Call me crazy but in my 25 years working and managing a multitude of restaurants in every food genre and class NEVER, unless it was 2am and illegal did anyone not get offered another drink.  NEVER did I treat a customer so poorly, and NEVER did I allow my staff to do so either.  Maybe we need to put training wheels on the conversation for their staff.  Anyone heard of profit and loss?  EPIC FAILURE!  You lost customers.  You lost profit.  I vote with my wallet.  And my friend that took me out both nights makes more sitting on his couch than the staff put together.  It would be laughable to be treated like crap by crappy staff if it wasn't such a phenomenal example of how NOT to do customer service.  You lost big money; big Scottsdale money.  Call me crazy
5	This place gets a 5 star rating from me!  We went to this restaurant this evening based on all of the prior yelp reviews.  The place was fairly busy for a Tuesday evening.  The hostess was busy seating other guests so one of the managers saw us and seated us immediately.  He asked us if we've eaten here before and when we told him we were from out of town he took the time to tell us what was good on the menu.  His (Luke) recommendations were on point!  I had the chicken and green rice platter, my husband had the tri-tip and enchilada platter.  He also recommended their house margaritas which is made fresh!  They were the best margaritas I have ever had.  We had an awesome server, Danny.  He knew when to approach us and not to approach us.   To top it off this restaurant is in a little area called Old Town Scottsdale.  What an adorable area!  Make sure to visit this area and go eat at Bandera!
4	Nice restaurant. Not too crowded for a Tuesday evening. I went in to have a drink at the bar with a friend. The beverage was good and strong! Quiet, dim atmosphere. The barista was pleasant as far as fulfilling the drink orders, not very sociable though. Great place to take a date. I will definitely go back for dinner.
5	Best place in Scottsdale for me. Love the chicken sandwich or the salad. Which by no means is a healthy salad. But fantastic. No guilt if it says salad on the menu. Always great service. Worth a wait on a busy night. Wish they were open for lunch. Drove down town to discover they are not.
4	Just a fun place to dine. We asked if the chef could prepare us a chicken enchilada since it was no longer on the menu. Not a problem. That's the way a restaurant should handle a customer request. To have an experience with the locals, dine at the bar.
1	My parents come in a few times a year and love to eat at bandera. I've explained to them that people who actually LIVE here don't frequent this spot but tonight I gave in. Walked in at 6:45. 4 adults and 2 small-ish kids. The restaurant was empty with large booths around the perimeter that were desolate. There are ONLY 2 booths in the entire over priced rotisserie chicken joint that accommodate 6 people and they are on a first-come-first-serve basis. Both were filled.  However when I asked about the uninhabited LARGE booths I was told we we could not sit there because "That's not how their restaurant functions". After asking for the manager and hearing his lame excuse of why he can't seat us in the booth that would spontaneously combust if the 6 of us sat there we decided to take our business else ware. Good luck with that small minded business model Bandera. When you are looking for 6 hungry deep pocketed patrons to fill your failing chicken joint, we will be down the street enjoying our dinner and laughing.
4	Great dinner...The entrees were both really good...Perfectly cooked...generous portions...Very high quality...but...the cornbread....meh...that everyone raves about...not so much...too sweet and pretty much just made a mess all over our table...also...great service...prompt...courteous...well worth the 77 dollars we spent...
4	I found it odd how identicle Bandera is to Houston (which I ate at the day before). Then snap OH they are owned by the same people. Food: The best corn bread I have ever eaten in my life. And I don't even like corn bread (except from here). A Must try. I ate alone (yes very lonesome) so 1 order was way too much. Best to be shared amongst 3 other people but I tell you it is a MUST try. Chicken/Ribs combo - Chicken was moist and very well spiced. Ribs tasted deep fried! Delicious. The bbq sauce on the ribs was sweeter than I am use to but left a fairly refreshing taste in my mouth. Service: This is Scottsdale...service better be good! And it was. Environment: Dampened environment. Great for first dates or lonely dinners on your own. I highly suggest sitting at the bar if you are eating alone. Price: Cheaper than I remembered, but you'll probably spend at least $30 a person eating here. Food: 5Service: 4Environment: 4Price: 4
4	Yummy!!! Okay, please try the macho salad! The Macho salad is great, if you enjoy huge chunks of avocado and fresh ingredients this is a must try. We ordered two more entrees, the steak which was excellent. The salmon, was not to my liking. The salmon had a sweet glaze that I did not enjoy but was cooked nicely. Service was wonderful, on point. Menu is great, the items were priced well for the quality of food.
2	I was in town for business, and I decided to give this place a try.The food was good, but a little overpriced for what it was. The service was terrible. The waitress misplaced my credit card and implied it was my fault. She said "Im 99% sure I gave it back to you". After frantically looking all over our seats and floor for about 10 minutes,  the waitress came back with our credit card and made an excuse how she misplaced it.I'm "99% sure" she wont be getting a tip....It ruined the whole experience. I recommend going to a restaurant where they take value in protecting your credit cards.
4	For a more dressed up casual and quaint place I love coming to banderas. Owned by houstons and Hillstone, it's dark inside which makes it comfortable and romantic. It's good a night out with family/friends or a date spot. Everything on the menu is really good and the service is phenomenal.
5	This is our favorite restaurant ! The cornbread and roasted artichokes our are favorite appetizers! Actually everything we have tried there is amazing! From prime rib to the hamburgers ! Service has always been consistently very good !
3	All we wanted was chicken! They were out of chicken. Then we ordered ahi tuna. They were out of that too! We made jokes w the waitress, and she wasn't amused. She tried hard though. Food was not bad, and ambiance was great, but they messed up our waters, didn't have enough food, and made it awkward.
5	This restaurant is class! All the way elegant, food made fresh, and picture-perfect presentation! You must start with the cornbread! Then pick anything off the menu - you won't be disappointed! Our servers were extremely friendly and professional.Depending on what night and time - make a reservation - otherwise it could be a long wait. Solid 5 stars!
1	Although I checked their website before making the reservation - there was no notation regarding attire, specifically that men were not allowed to wear sleeveless shirts. The hostess suggested that we buy a souvenir t-shirt - no thanks, the sleeveless shirt my husband had on was way nicer!! Please update your website so everyone is aware of this dress code.
5	Great, simple food prepared amazingly well with easy service and a casual yet upscale atmosphere - I really, really like this place. My mom was visiting from Los Angeles and wanted to head to dinner in Oldtown Scottsdale. After nixing The Mission due to deafening noise level, we headed to Bandera where we had a fabulous dinner. Started with the deviled eggs (they were okay - I am not a fan of surprise celery in anything-  but needed a little more spice.) Skip these and get the skillet cornbread! I had the filet mignon with seasonal veg (broccoli) and mashed potatoes and the mom had the Loup de Mer (seabass) with marcona almonds and herbs plus veggies. The fish and steak were both perfectly cooked. We also got a couple very well balanced cocktails and the nice, unobtrusive waitress brought out additional chilled martini glasses to keep our drinks cold during dinner. I am looking forward to going back as the view of the open concept kitchen has convinced me I have to try a lot more of their menu!
1	Denied service because our party of 7 is too big?! They can't sit parties larger than 4. Happy to take my service else where.
5	I am a "regular" whatever that means.  In sitting here by myself, I was able to look around and I am genuinely impressed with the attention to detail the staff exhibits.  The kitchen staff moves like a well oiled machine.  Each person doing exactly what they need to for the best experience.  Cortney was the bar tender and eating at the bar is great if you are alone because you aren't really alone.  The drinks were very good, food was ordered exactly as expected and delivered exactly as needed.  I continue to come here and I am continually impressed. After 7 years you'd think Cortney would be burned out but she is as eager as day one.  That speaks to the quality of the establishment to retain an employee for 7 years.  Good job.
5	I love love love the food here. I usually get either a sad or a rotisserie chicken I have never been let down here and the staff are always very efficient and friendly.
5	A classic steakhouse with an open kitchen.  Thought it was a really up-scale i.e. snooty place but that is not the case at all.  Very casual embience but not like you are eating at McDonald's.  My steak was awesome and the service was great too!  We will be back
2	This used to be one of our favorite places. The service is great, but the food seems to have gone down. The ribs had very little meat on them, the chicken was tasty, but not outstanding. The cornbread was outstanding.
5	We love this restaurant ! Recently I picked up some takeout dinner! Their little drive thru pickup area was easy And everything was delicious as always! I did miss their margaritas !
4	Very good service. Had the chicken rotisserie and beef ribs. I loved the ribs more than the chicken.  A little pricey but excellent ambience.
5	Honestly surprised they're not top 5 in Scottsdale on Yelp. From ambience to service to food, it's utter perfection. Chef Anthony and Waitress Patricia teamed up for one of my favorite meals in the 'dale. Patricia is all-knowing about the menu, cooking methods, and wines. She even brought us a complimentary banana cream dessert which was light and fluffy, and apparently Food Network's "best dessert in town."-get The Rule Cabernet-get the dip duo (house made chips)-get the butternut squash enchilada a la carte (it's spicy!) with the peanut coleslaw as a sideVoila! See you again soon Bandera
4	Bandera looks just like Houston's. I don't know why they have two almost identical restaurants types, but both are just great. They don't do reservations, so expect a wait. It's a bit more cozier than Houston's with lots of u shape booths and same dimly lit environment. The artichoke appetizer was not in season and got their cornbread skillet as an app instead. It was real satisfying. Wildfire offers it complimentary though. Don't know if there are Wildfire in AZ. Their prime rib was so good and same with their filet. Rotisserie chicken was really good from what my friend said. The service was very warm and friendly.  It's not too loud do you can carry on conversations with your friends. Overall good place for dining in Old Town Scottsdale!
4	I love love love the chicken sandwich. Very eclectic menu. We always start with the chips and guac/cheese duo no matter the entree we choose. I don't love the skinny skinny fries, but taking a big handful makes it sorta feel like one normal sized :)!
3	This is a quiet, mellow place to have a quiet dinner with friends or your spouse. Not crazy about the staff, but they are not horrible, though. I guess, that I have experience great customer service in other places and we, as human beings, tend to compare.
5	We love this place. One of our go to places. I love the location. I normally order their chicken salad and my husband normally orders the ribs. Great go to spot.
2	The food is pretty good, however the menu is very small. The service uses to be amazing and then the past few times I've eaten there their service has been terrible. It has completely changed my experience there. I will def. give it one more shot after all the good experiences I've had there, however if it still has not changed then I will not be going there for a while.
3	Place is real nice and the service is good but you pay a lot for average food.  Nothing to excite you except the cornbread which is a must have.
4	This was the definition of a great restaurant. I had the prime rib, which was cooked to a perfect medium rare. The service was great and would gladly go back. My only issue was the side of mashed potatoes had little to no flavor and felt they didn't belong with the wonderfully seasoned prime rib. Then the Oreo cake desert was just the perfect end to a great meal.
4	We walked by this place several times and the out rotisserie had me sold. Our last night in Scottsdale and this was our choice. the place was packed and the crowd was having a good time. We were seated in under 10 minutes and scored a booth overlooking the whole place. I got the chicken and rib plate. Now I was expecting 1/2 a bird and a half slab. Umm. Not! First off there is no steroid use on anything they serve. So the leg and breast that I got were junior size. Delicious and juicy, but small. The two ribs were in a mustard sauce, but the meat was dry. Brussel sprouts were not all that. And I am a fan when they are done right. The banana cream pie was over the top delicious. It had chocolate between the graham cracker and the cream pie. The service was outstanding and the atmosphere made the night.
1	It's like Lonestar or Outback or Applebees...only worse food, service and you get to pay double when it's all over.A buddy called in to see if there was a wait. He decided to joke around with the guy who answered the phone by asking what the lady situation was like in the restaurant. "It's mostly a white upper class restaurant," we heard in reply. After a dozen or so minutes of soul searching (should we really go give these people our money?) we decided to check it out.To our delight, we found that it was not overly white and not very "upper class". We were seated immediately - the only positive segment of our outing.We had a young, shy waitress who was nice enough but didn't seem horribly interested in making our experience enjoyable. A buddy ordered a drink which came out quickly; about 10 minutes quicker than the waters the rest of us ordered. About 15 minutes in, we get our waters and are asked if we would like some cornbread. Now, I don't frequent "white upper class" joints too often but i remember bread being offered for free at some of the finer establishments I've visited. Usually when an appetizer is being offered, the waitress says something like "can I start you off with (Appetizer A) or maybe some (Appetizer B)" not, "Do you want me to bring some cornbread out?" Thinking it was free, we confirmed that, yes, we would like some cornbread. The cornbread was the best of the food we ordered (knowingly or unknowingly), so, there's that.Three of us ordered the rotisserie chicken and ribs. One buddy ordered the prime rib - he said it was decent. The chicken was mehh. The ribs were bad enough that once I saw them I wished I hadn't ordered them. Once I bit into them, I wished I hadn't tasted them. Once I finished them...you get the idea.Decided to wash that nastiness down with some rye:"Ma'am, what rye whiskeys do you have?""Ehmmmm...excuse me?""Rye whiskey...do you have?""Let me ask the bartender..."(15 minutes later I catch her walking by.)"Ma'am, did you have a chance to check on the rye?""Oh, yeah..." (makes the long trek to the bar [we're sitting right next to it]) At that point, I didn't really want the drink but because of the terrible service, I needed it.Maybe this whole "white upper class" dining experience isn't for me.
4	Almost a five-r, but the service seemed a bit odd. The space is dimly lit for both intimate and casual encounters.  Plenty of seating available, however large parties may be separated due to layout. The meal was delicious and the sample of a drink plus my beer was great. They missed the five mark for me because of the robot-like service. Also for the no cellphone comment on the menu. I'd still come back, but maybe sit at the bar.
4	Simply the best grilled artichoke and banana cream pie on the planet. Everything else is top notch, if you have not had a chance to try this place,  please put it on your bucket-list of places to eat. Been taking clients and friends to this place for years.
4	Walked by the place various times throughout the week and the smell of the chicken on the wood fire rotisserie was making me bite the air. The place was crowded but we sat at the bar and ordered some drinks and just as fast we got a table. Great view of the restaurant. I went for the chicken and I was a bit surprised at how small it was but that did not matter, It was cooked perfect and full of flavor. This was a good choice. Good food, great service a must stop.
2	I really wanted to love this place! I will say, the food is very good. The problem we had was with the service. It seems we were instantly profiled, as the hostess sat us at the worst possible table, in a mostly empty restaurant. Our table was right next to the dish station and we could hardly hear eachother over the constant clang of dishes. We asked our waitress to be moved to a less noisy table. She seemed really irritated and moved us to the table nearest the door, with the cold night breeze coming through the doors right at us. With the table change came a new server, she was really nice. We just couldn't get over their blatant desire to sit us at the absolute worst tables when every other table was open. We spent too much money and tipped too well to have been treated like that. We probably should've just left and spent our money elsewhere.
4	Great burgers in a casual, yet intimate setting restaurant. We were too full to enjoy dessert, but we were told that their cookie dessert is to die for.
5	We were visiting friends in Phoenix and had dinner on a Saturday night.  The place was packed!  My friend was trying to get us a drink from the bar, when a girl went out of her way to take our order (come to find out she was a manager walking by).  Talk about excellent customer service!  Dinner was excellent - I had the prime rib which was cooked perfectly.  It came with brussel sprouts and mashed potatoes; I'm not a fan of brussel sprouts, but they were awesome.  The others had the rotisserie chicken which was really juicy and favorable.  Alex was our waiter and he did an excellent job, even though the place was really hopping.  Definitely check it out - you'll be thrilled.  Oh, I forgot to mention the cornbread skillet is the best too!
5	Flavorful southwestern flare in a tiny dark homey spot- subtle Hillstone- esque tones with the decor.  We were seated with a smile in Steve's section who was timely & personable.I tried the classic margarita no salt which was so yummy my husband traded me his grapefruit tequila martini drink.  Loved them both and the dip duo- Steve offered to bring more chips but the amount served was good for us.  One dip is a cheesy cold salty yumminess and the second dip is a chunky freshly prepared guacamole.For our entree we shared the tri tip and enchilada.  The enchilada was Melty cheese and some spinach I think but it was the highlight served with half green sauce and half red.  The tri top was seasoned perfectly and charred in the edges.  A little chopped salad is served with this which has a nice broad range of veggies from cauliflower, onions, cucumbers, and a goat cheese crumble.Our favorite dish was the banana Creme pie!  We had 2 rounds of coffee and enjoyed the casual festive ambiance.  We overheard the table next to us inquire about the rotisserie chicken which apparently is marinated 72 hrs in citrus and then slowly rotisseried.  Going to try that next time!
5	Great ambiance, great steak, excellent service. I had the Tri-tip and Enchilada platter, while my friend had a chicken entree. My friend enjoyed her meal, and I loved the Tri-tip. However, I didn't enjoy the enchilada one bit, but I guess I just don't like butternut squash like I thought I did. The sauces on the enchilada were perfect though. As for the service, I couldn't ask for better. Polite, fast, friendly, and professional. I saw that a previous reviewer had a lot to complain about a specific server and a lot to brag about their rich friend and how they spent a whopping $105.80... big whoop. Gotta love the snotty "middle-class-millionaires" around here. Anyways, it turns out the server they're complaining about is the same server we had, Kamaili. She was excellent, and I hope we have her every time we go here in the future. She was clearly focused on making sure we were happy with our meal.
4	Bandera is never disappointing. I like to make reservations online because it's usually packed. Even on the weekdays, it can be busy. I've become accustomed to ordering the skillet cornbread as an appetizer. It is buttery with a kick and the top is sweet and crunchy. Together, this makes it for one of the best cornbreads you'll ever have. My go-to-dish is the meatloaf which is filled with a juicy mushroom flavor and goes perfect with their garlic mashed potatoes. The enchiladas are worth a try as well and my husband most recently enjoyed the prime rib. They have a descent selection of beers with a few on draft. Lots of good wine to choose from and even some signature drinks such as the Caipirinha filled with cachaca, sugar cane, and lime. Although having too many of these can become pricey rather fast, definitely worth a try. This was similar to a mojito, but better in my opinion. Finally, they currently offer an Oreo cookie sandwich dessert. The chocolate cookie was interesting- not identical to an Oreo, but similar. The ice cream was homemade and the entire thing sat in a warm bed of espresso sauce with a dollop of fresh whipped cream. Definitely worth a try!
5	This is always a must stop on my visit to Scottsdale. The food is always fantastic! Whether your having the rotisserie chicken, macho salad or the prime rib. You will not be disappointed. The skillet cornbread is a must and we tried the deviled eggs this trip, great addition.The atmosphere is lights down, high back leather wrap-around booths and great views of the kitchen. The music is almost nonexistent because the vibe and conversations are a little heavy, but it's very cool! Our server Rachelle, was extremely delightful and made suggestions to those at our table who haven't been lucky enough to have experienced this.  My wife Barb and I recommended dinner to 4 of our friends and everyone was extremely pleased.You will not be disappointed, make reservations online, it's easy and you avoid the long line for those who didn't. And if your in Chicago, Bandera is located on the Mag Mile.
