4	Definately pricier than what I would pay for in the city but their food was pretty good.  Service was quick and simple - more like a fast food Korean joint.THeir kimchi was typical but still good.  Their bulgogi was a bit saltier than what I'm used to.  My friend had this omelette looking dish but inside was fried rice which looked pretty yummy.
5	Some disagree, but I believe this is the best Korean food on campus.  My favorite is the Korean Barbecue.  It is a bit more expensive at $8, but it is definitely a solid meal.  You can get free rice and sauce refills by walking up to the kitchen with your bowl.
4	Unlimited soup and quality bulgogi bbq.I'm also a big fan of the bibimbap and uh... the cold buckwheat noodles and pear... I have no idea what it's called, but it's delicious.
5	I love this place!  The food is really good, the service is quick, and the prices are pretty cheap!The barbeque is definitely what sets it apart from the other Korean restaurants on campus, but they also have a lot of other great dishes like the dolsat bibimbap.Mmm.  I definitely come here probably too much for it to be normal haha.
3	Woori Jib has 2 versions of bulgogi - barbequed/grilled and pan cooked. I think their grilled bulgogi definitely sets them apart from other Korean restaurants in town. It is delicious. Their menu is not as extensive as Dorcas though.
4	When I feel like sitting down to eat some Korean, Woori Jib is where I end up.  If you get the barbeque chicken, beef, pork (I always get chicken), you get free refills on everything except for the bbq'd meat, and they have soup you can help yourself to as well.  It all comes out to around $8.Overall, I would say I like this place slightly more than Dorca's as I would come here to sit down and eat with friends as well as carry out.Delicious, quick, filling, good location, awesome.
4	I used to visit U of I a lot in my previous life. For a college town, this place has the best Korean food, probably within the proximity of 200 miles. The rice and soup can be refilled. The price is reasonable. What more can you ask for when you're a cheap college bastard? SRSLY!
4	This is a great place to go on a cold winter day. The food is both spicy and warm. First I usually get a bowl of what seems to be miso soup, which is complimentary with your meal. They use really good meat for their spicy barbeque and it's delivered smoking hot to your table with bowls of kimchi and other Korean specialties. Some dishes might seem a little pricey, but most can easily feed two people
4	Love their juicy beef rice but not the cold noodle. It's nice that  they have free spicy bean sprout soup all the time. Price is fair and service isn't bad.
1	There is no atmosphere, none, zip so don't come here if you're looking for a nice sit down Korean restaurant. It's a straight up cafeteria. You order your food at the front and then find a seat. They call your number and if you ordered two things, they will confusingly call the same number at different times depending on which dish is ready first. Also, it's very loud so they are basically yelling your number from the back. It seemed like a lot of Korean students were in here and I don't know why because the food was not very good. Maybe we ordered the wrong thing. I'm Korean and I've had decent Korean food before...but not from this place. Plus, I came with my baby in a car seat and this is not a place to bring a baby because there are no accommodations for one. And it's not that cheap. The food is normally priced if you ask me, roughly $10/plate. But hey, if you're looking for a cafeteria that serves okay-ish blahhh Korean food, then by all means, enjoy.
4	Probably the best Korean in town.  Expensive but so is Ah-ri-rang (their competitor).  This place introduced me to korean food so I can recommend it for people looking to try korean.  They have unlimited soup (jigae?) and hot/cold water to make tea with if you want to don't miss that.If you're more adventurous try a Jigae (korean stew) or Dolcet Bibim Bop.  If you're lame then get Bulgoki like everyone else :-p
5	Great food - especially the grilled meats.  Try the Chicken BBQ, Pork BBQ or Galbi.  Remember to grab some of the free soup, it's always yummy.  The owners are very nice people and the food is consistently good.
4	This is probably the only good korean restaurant on campus, but it is a bit pricey compared to the rest. Their chicken bokkeum is really good (get it spicy!), the soups are pretty good (galbi tang, soon doo bu tofu soup) and their rice bowls are fantastic (bibimbap and dolsot bibimbop in the stone bowl). The sauce is pretty spicy though, so if you normally don't like spicy, get it on the side. Actually, if you don't like spicy food don't get it at all; it's not the same without the sauce. The bulgogi (korean beef) actually isn't the greatest (even though so many say it's fantastic). It's a little too dry, and the marinade could be better. Everything else is really good though; definitely get the free soup (it's always pretty good) and the kimchi and sardines that come with every dish are really good too. Don't be scared of the little fish, just try it.
3	One of my favorite Korean places on campus.
3	It took me awhile to try all the Korean restaurants on campus, and I'm sorry to say that this is my least favorite out of the many to choose from, I mean it's okay but I've had better. At first glance the place is a little small and has a very casual setting. There aren't many servers on hand, and it was not too busy when my party went in.  Now if you've been reading my reviews, I never judge a restaurant solely on experience, cause it's all about the food. I didn't mind the small size because it reminded me a family-style, close knit style of eating with friends and family.  The food was decent but not the best I've had. I ordered the spicy pork and got some tofu soup on the side.  When the food came out, the portion size was not as big as other restaurants like Ari-rang or Bwon and did not have much flavor to it. It was kinda bland and not as spicy as I would've like it. Now I remembered one of my friends telling me you could get umlimited soup, so I went to the little station they had set up and it was seaweed soup. The problem with it was that it tasted like water and no flavor at all, so besides it being unlimited, one bowl was enough for me. Everything else was pretty good, the ban chan was good and I enjoyed the free refills on everything, and tofu soup portions were actually of good size. Overall, a pretty decent place, but I've had better Korean food on campus (and off-campus at Bwon) and would recommend trying those places first.
3	I had the dol sot bi bim bab, and it was capable. I had asked that the egg be left raw because I like to mix it all in that way, but that didn't happen and the egg came fried.  The flavors were fairly average, and nothing special.  Pricing was what I've discovered to be typical in Champaign, but overpriced by big-city standards.  Why is that Chicago, LA and NYC are expensive to live in, but have better Asian food for cheaper prices than this small town in the middle of nowhere?
2	OK restaurant IF the boss (the Korean gentleman in his 50s) cooks your dish. He is one of the good Korean chefs in town (much better than the people at B-Won, which is an overpriced, unfriendly outfit which serves food drowning in salt, MSG, cheap oil, and little authentic taste). Not as good as the Good Fella on Neil St. people.Why two stars for Woori Jib then? The owner got kinda lazy and now has a Mexican guy cook more than half the dishes. Last time I tried some shrimp fried rice, it was just darn awful - overcooked into an almost inedible, salty mush. At the prices they charge, they should have the real chef do the cooking. By the way, when you charge almost $12 for a plate of beef bulgogi (which does taste good, though, when the Mexican guy is not in charge), it's nice not to have only a couple of ounces of beef and double the onion. How much onion can one eat?? It's cheap, it lacks style... let your customers be happy when they eat, not feel cheated! Thank you.
1	I've given this another chance... I have to update my review from two stars to one star... an (almost $10) SEAFOOD AND TOFU soup cannot have barely three pieces of tofu, some red pepper paste, lots of salt, lots of water and (I kid you not!) ONLY ONE MUSSEL inside. Yeah, that's their "seafood soup" now - no shrimp, no anything else... just ONE SINGLE LOUSY MUSSEL. Greedy owner, incompetent  Mexican cook (the Korean owner used to be a decent chef, but now he slacks off and lets the Mexican guy do all the cooking), racist attitude. Yes, both Woori-Jib and B-Won seem to have this "what are you doing here? You can't possible know what Holy Korean Food is about" attitude if you're not Korean yourself. I haven't seen similar racism and superior attitudes in Chinese restaurants for example, not even in Japanese restaurants, which offer, on the average, food which is a lot more refined. Shame on you, Woori Jib!
4	This was some excellent Bolgogi! The restaurant is small and pretty quiet. I take the silence to mean that everyone is eating and enjoying their food thoroughly. The BBQ was a little bit pricey at 10.99, but it is very filling and worth that amount.
2	Hole-in-the-wall restaurant of the lesser variety. Service is friendly, but that's about it. They don't take credit cards here, and my bibimbap was devoid of flavor. The other Korean restaurants on campus do it better.
4	Many of their dishes are still average, but I branched out and had their grilled mackerel on my last visit - Oh. My.  God.  It was DELICIOUS!  So apparently if you order things on the menu that most Americans wouldn't, the food is awesome.
5	When I go back to UofI, you can guarantee my first dinner will be Woori Jib.  This place got me through college.Get the BBQ Beef (bulgogi)!  It's the best on campus by a large margin.  The bbq chicken and spicy pork are good too.
5	I've been a longtime conoisseur of Korean food, and this place is just awesome.  Definitely my favorite Korean restaurant in Champaign-Urbana, very authentic and down-to-earth.  The older couple that runs it is always there, considerate and hard-working.  The counter staff has always been very polite and helpful.  My favorite dish by far is the BBQ fresh bacon (I recommend this HIGHLY), but all of the dishes I've had from Woori Jib have been delicious.  The stir fried dishes come in large portions and have a nice mix of vegetables along with the meat.  The tofu stew is also very good combined with any meat, but is pretty spicy if ordered above mild, so bear this in mind.  The grilled fishes are salty and cooked just right.  The dumplings have a hand-made form and taste.  The kim chee is not as varied as at some restaurants, but also tastes "fresh" (as fresh as kim chee should be) and home-made.  If you do have a wait (which is common for any BBQ dishes made to order, at any restaurant), the cabbage soup is there, waiting for you.I'm not particular about ambience, so I don't mind that Woori Jib is a bit like a cafeteria.  I'm all about the food and the prices, and those are both excellent at Woori Jib!
3	pretty good food for the value and it's a very 'homie' atmosphere. my gf (who's caucasian) enjoys spicy food and asks for the spicy tofu soup. the cashier guy says, 'you probably won't like that.' she said, 'no it's ok i want that.' when she got her food, the soup wasn't spicy...i thought it was pretty funny.
1	Compared to Korean food in other cities, the offerings in Champaign-Urbana are quite dismal.  Unfortunately, Woori Jib falls within this category.  Sampling of the "standard fare" (Bulgolgi, spicy tofu soup, mackerel, etc.) revealed that is food is not seasoned well, much of the BBQ is rather fatty, and overall quite "rough" and unappealing in appearance.
4	I LOVE this place, I wish there was something comparable in Chicago.  Good variation, flavor, and fast food style.  Entrees are around $9-$10.  The nangmeouyn is the best i've ever tasted hands down!!!
2	In general, most Champaign area Korean restaurants start out with bad service. This place is no different. After ordering your food, it typically takes 10-15 minutes to get your food, and it doesn't always come out in the same order as you ordered. On top of that, you'll often have other people that cut into line and get the same food that you ordered before they did.On this occasion, I ordered duk mandu guk and it came with soggy seaweed in it. For the price of $10, it was a bit more expensive than other Korean restaurants in the area. In addition, it didn't taste spectacular to any degree. The only consolation was that it came in such a big bowl that I could take a little bit home for a leftover meal.Another dish that is pretty popular is their BBQ bulgogi. It usually comes with a special sauce but it really depends on the day to figure out whether it's good or not. Sometimes, it's under cooked. Other times, it's over cooked and burnt. They also use about a 50% onion to 50% meat ratio so it seems like you are paying for a lot of onions and not a whole lot of meat.The seating is usually crammed so during rush hours, it's hard to find a seat. There is very little room to back your seat out as seats are pretty much back to back.
4	The lure of unlimited rice refills & homemade banchan made Woori Jib our first stop in Champaign after hauling all of our belongings halfway across the country & subsisting off of salads from Costco. Woori Jib clearly caters to the hungry college crowd - you place your order up front, pick up utensils, water, & free soup to the right, then snag a table & wait until your order is called out.  After you're done with your meal, you do have to bus your own table a la Ikea style. While Woori Jib is a little pricier than the other local Korean restaurants, it also ranks as one of the highest ones.  The meat-centric dishes will knock you back $10-$12, but you will certainly get what you paid for.  I've had the divinely tender Galbi Ribs & the charred Pork Belly, while the boyfriend is loyal to the Spicy Pork Bulgogi (the only downside is that half the dish was onions). The portion sizes are quite generous, where you can certainly split an entree to feed 2 people with the add cost of $2 for unlimited rice for both, or pack up the other half for some tasty leftovers!*They accept Visa & Mastercard along with cash.
4	i always crave for korean food. i have tried all korean restaurants (except the most recent one) on campus, and i love food at woori jib the most. my favorite dish is chicken stir fried that comes with white rice. it looks spicy but it's not that spicy to me .. just perfect. i never have to ask for more rice, but always ask for kimchi :)it's a little pricey but it's no difference in price from other korean restaurants. yet, i think it's worth the price for the food they serve.
5	I am not a fan of Korean food because I always smell like food on the way out.  However, I tried Chicken Stirfry at Woori Jib, and I keep going back for it.  Perfect, perfect, perfect!!!
1	I love how Yelp has removed my first post. Either way, what I would like to say is I have seen the owners of this place reuse their food (kimchi) and put it on other plates.I had the cold noodle soup and it wasn't good. I would not recommend this place.
4	Me and some friends got both the Chicken and the Beef. They were quick filling (2 meals for 3 of us was plenty). There is free soup and white rice with your meal as well. We ordered 'spicy' for both. The spicy was a nice medium level, but if you are at all intimidated by that, then go ahead and skip it.
3	I've eaten at this place twice and have yet to find anything worth the money.  The first time I went, I had the BBQ chicken.  The chicken was good, but pricey for the little amount you get and the mediocre quality of it.  The second time, I had the bibimbap in the stone bowl.  The bibimbap was not as flavorful as I like (in fact, the bibimbap from ISR lunch has more flavor, just saying.) and my girlfriend's bibimbap was not hot at all.
4	This is one of my favorite Korean restaurants in Champaign! I always come here with friends and we really enjoy the food. The owners are super friendly and you can get free refills on rice. The only downside about coming here is that you leave smelling like food, so this isn't exactly the place to wear your Sunday's best, lol. Dishes I've had and loved:-galbi (short ribs)-bibimbap-bulgogi-soon du bu with beef-chicken stir fry (new fav: i get it in a spicy sauce and it comes with veggies and rice cake)
5	I have tried a couple of dishes here, and I find Chicken Stir-fry the best!  Vegetables are crispy, the sauce tasty, and chicken tender!  Just perfect!
1	This is not Korean food. It's not even mediocre Korean food. It is just a bad restaurant.My boyfriend and I went here and I ordered the Kalbi. I paid $12.00 and was stunned when it came out. My meat was mostly fat and bones, and there was not even one serving of meat. The soybean soup was simply gritty and tasted like it came from a cheap pre-made mix. They only gave me two pieces of kakdugi and three meagre slices of kimchi. Most Korean restaurants, for $12.00 you get five of six banchan (side dishes). If you want to really experience Korean food, go to Good Fellas. For slightly more, you get the full meal and refills on banchan. And they definitely don't charge you $12.00 for bones and fat.
5	I have been going here for 4 years and I am never disappointed.They have the best bi bim bop.  It is fantastic.  It is always a large portion and every ingredient is always so fresh.  I also love the chicken stir fry.  It is so well seasoned and has the perfect ratio of meat to veggies.  They are not stingy.  I have yet to try a dish on their menu that I do not enjoy.  I will continue to keep going here time and time again.
3	For a college campus Korean restaurant, I think Woori Jib is the most genuine and the best in the area. It doesn't say much, but it counts.I've enjoyed the galbi, cold buckwheat noodles, bibimbap, and many more dishes. They aren't bad. For a college student, it might be slightly pricey, but they've got to satisfy their cravings too, right?Just don't compare Woori Jib to the Korean restaurants you grew up going to or to the Korean restaurants outside of Champaign, and you'll be content.
4	For those of you students who are thinking of taking jobs at St. Louis and hold Woori Jib as a standard for good grilled meat....Don't move to St. Louis... or at least plan on making random trips back for Woori Jib / Papa Dels / Pokey Stix.
4	I really liked this place. I was a little surprised to find this downtown but it was good. Very big portions, so I recommend sharing it with your friends. The bi bim bap came in a huge silver bowl, not a black cast iron pan, so the rice wasn't cooked crispy but the flavor was good and the hot sauce wasn't too spicy for the non-Korean (or none spicy) eater. The kalibi had a good flavor but the meat on the bones was a little tough.  It came together with a bowl of rice and some hot soup and of course a side dish of kimchi. You order at the front counter and wait for them to call your name. It's self service and self busing afterwards. Quick, low key and easy to eat.  Good place for a tasty meal.
3	Kinda dirty, but their gamma tangs pretty good.
3	Other reviewers have described Woori Jib as a "hole in the wall." It definitely is. The place is functional; it caters to the lunchtime campus crowd. The food isn't cheap (around $10-12 for an average lunch), but the place fills up. Most meals include a second bowl of rice for free and a side of kimchi (radish and cabbage style), which is good. The food is not elegant or fancy -- it is tasty, basic, and homestyle. To me, this is comfort food, the kind you might make yourself at home if you had the time (and tended toward Korean comforts). The beef bulgogi comes out sizzling, with thin sliced and seared white onions. It has been marinated in a sweet soy sauce and this sweetness caramelizes nicely upon grilling. The portion is big and filling.The manduguk has a chicken broth base, and includes loads of mild beef dumplings. As is traditional onions, scallions, and eggs flavor the broth with a little dash of dried kelp on top.The dolsot bibimbap is yummy. The meat was not marinated beef in strips, as I've had in the past, but ground beef (that was just okay). The mixed, steamed veggies and the chili paste with fried egg on top were delicious mixed with the crisped rice on the bottom. All that was finished just right.Just to clarify what I've seen in other reviews, when you go in, your whole table orders at the counter together and is given a shared number. When someone from your table has an order up, your number is called. It may be called several times, at different points. If you order a dish that takes longer to prepare than others (like the manduguk) you will find other numbers higher than your own being called. These folks aren't cutting in line -- it's just part of the kitchen's process.Once you pick up your order, you will stop by a side table near the counter to get your silverware / chopsticks, etc. When you have finished, you return to the front on the other side with your tray, which you place in a cafeteria cart. Efficient, no frills, but relatively fast even on busy days (15-20 minutes to get served something cooked up fresh to order).BTW, I've also heard some reviewers writing in to say they feel they've been treated differently because they weren't Korean. I am a Caucasian American and have felt well treated at Woori Jib. Yes, the cashier has assumed on occasion that I and the white people in line behind me are eating together because, well, white. But that's no big deal. The owner thanks me after every stop and the cashiers have helped me to explore and order.
4	Looking for Korean BBQ (Bulgogi / Kalbi?) In my opinion this is the best place to go in urbana champaign. Portions are extremely generous, with free soup to start your meal, you cant go wrong. unlimited kimchi and rice and sauce also comes with every meal so if you are very hungry you can always refill on that stuff. Definitely a place I've been to multitude of times
5	Best restaurant in Champaign hands down. Other Korean restaurants do not have an indoor GRILL so the meat cannot be compared to Woori Jib!!!!  The soups and other dishes are also amazing!!! I've been in Champaign for a long time now and have gone to Woori Jib religiously and its always delicious. If you don't know what to get, start with the BBQ beef or Kalbi (BBQ beef short rib). Go see for yourself, you won't be disappointed!!!
2	its a dive alright.  very loud with the kitchen all yelling orders at once. I had the bibimbop, which was ok and they do use ground beef.  in a pinch its fine for when you crave korean.
1	I ordered cold noodles with sashimi to go, but when I opened it at home, who can tell me where is the fuck sashimi?!!!!
5	I don't understand how people can come here and only order one thing.I loveee getting their bulgogi and seafood soondooboo!SO GOOD. I can never find anywhere that has better bugogi than here. I think it's because they actually use a grill for the meat. AMAZING.On top of that, the owner is SO nice. Always has a smile and is asking how my day is.Can't go wrong with this place :)
1	So you saw all the pictures people posted right? Looks good right? Mmm U can taste it already in your mouth...the hot spicey tofu soup, the bulgogi lunch combo...mmmmI saw small little teeth marks on my kimchee that most likely was from a rat getting into the tub of kimchee in the back kitchen somewhere. These marks were not a half eaten kimchee cube from a human. I know what a half eaten kimchee cube looks like from a human. This was a pest.I spit my food out. Got up and left. Didn't even bother reracking the food tray.Never came back during my two year prison sentence in grad school.
2	S/O to any vegetarians/vegans reading this: WARNING, this is where the very concept of vegetarianism/veganism goes to die. At Goodfellas, the Korean ah-joo-mah simply gives you that standard, condescending "uggggh" glare and reluctantly brings out a meatless dish that they probably spat in. That's what I'm more accustomed to when eating at Korean restaurants. Is THAT too much to ask? Here, the muscly bro that works the kitchen just flat out says "No. Bibim bap needs beef." Whatever BRO. Have fun busing trays from your dive cafeteria beef factory, beefy McGee. I can't say what the rest of the non-veggie items are like.  A friend who went there with me was "unimpressed." TWO STARS FOR YOU.
5	Probably has the best ddukboki on campus! It's made in such a way that you still want to pay for it 'cause even though you can make your own version at home, their version is that much better. Also, they get the rice right every time (it's the simple things that add up).
3	i was craving for some cold noodle today (its a hot summer day!) so here i am. The noodle was okay, not enough sauce so its a little bit on the bland side. On the menu the description says it include beef and sashimi, but as you can see on the picture i took, there is no such ingredient! (okay i dont care about sashimi cuz im not too much a seafood person, but where the hell is my beef?!) for almost 10 bucks before tax i got a bunch of steam noodle, a sad little pouched egg and some pickled radish?..... maybe not again...
5	It's above average Korean food served at a fast pace and right off Green St. What else more do you want, you ungrateful children?
5	Hard to find an authentic korean place in town and this is def one. They are a little pricy with not a lot of lunch specials. I order the kimchee with some spicy pork cooked together. Forgot wat it is called but absolutely hot and delicious.
1	I was finally able to give this place a shot today and I was very disappointed. Prior to eating here, I knew from other reviews that the service wasn't the best, but I wanted to go to the restraunt without letting this info skew my opinion. However, I got there and received some of the worst service I've ever gotten. Right off the bat, the young man at the counter was not welcoming at all - it seemed like he didn't want to be working. I asked him if there were any sections for lunch specials in the menu because I saw "lunch special!" written on one of the laminated pictures, and he rudely replied with "no lunch specials." Okay then...I paid with my debit card and they do it with an iPad, making you pay tip while they're pointing the iPad at you, which I thought was a bit rude. I gave 15% but I shouldn't have because this guy was extremely rude and they don't serve you at all. It's all self service. Also, I asked for no onions in general for my tofu soup, but when I received my food, there were green onions on top. So I said I had asked for no onions and the guy that took my order first gave me attitude saying "that's not onions, you didnt tell me no green onions, you just said onions." And I replied with, "they're still onions... I said no onions, I thought that was very clear." And he replied with "you need to specify what you want." And I just shrugged it off and was already annoyed with him at this point where I just took the food because I didn't want anymore trouble, and the woman who gave me my food asked the guy as I was leaving if I had an onion allergy where he replied to her saying I had none, I just didn't like them. This was so rude because he doesn't know me (what if I did have allergies) nor was it necessary for him to make it my fault that I didn't specify what kind of onions I didn't want, when I didn't know there were two different types of onions in the soup. So needless to say, I probably won't be returning to the restraunt unless I'm having a huge craving for their mediocre korean food.
2	I was really disappointed. Went in there, got my ramen and was enjoying the first 2 bites until I saw a RAW EGG IN THERE and the egg white was still clear (I don't know about other people, but I don't ever eat eggs raw....)! Told someone about my issue and they simply took my bowl, cooked the ramen again, didn't even bother to get a clean bowl, splashed the ramen in there (the soup got all over the outside of the bowl) and took it back to me. Nothing looked appealing about my food...
1	Restaurant reviewI don't know why this place has gotten such high reviews, but my meal went south very quickly. Some tips, there is NO FREE soup any longer. When you go order they placed it through an ipad. One of the questions is whether to tip 15-25%. Just click no. This is a self serve restaurant from picking up your food to depositing your tray. There is no reason to tip and this just by default. I was craving some other korean dish which was not available here. I went to the kalbi, unfortunately I made the mistake of ordering one that was a stir fry version of kalbi. There was vegetables and it was a soaking mess. I have no idea were my dish went wrong. Small amount of beef, lots of vegetables. Tables are very cramped and the prices are not cheap. My kalbi dish cost 12+ dollars. Overall a big let down, this is a big step below K-bowl which is leading my Korean food experience in champaign.Pros: Unlimited riceCons: Expensive for the quality of food, small spaces, sub-par foodHidden deals:Make sure you don't hit the tip button. This is a SELF-SERVE restaurant
