5	So happy!  I cant believe how stained and dark my smile and teeth had become.  Michele gave me first class treatment and my smile looks brand new!!  Wish I would have found this place years ago!
5	Michelle was great.  She was very knowledgeable, professional and informed me of products, without making me feel pressured to purchase.  I had 2 treatments in the office and each one took about 20 minutes each.  I actually went to the Scottsdale location which was being revamped.  Looking forward to seeing it when it's finished!  Thanks Michelle for a great experience!
1	I am quite concerned with this business.  I talked with Michelle and told her the problem with my front tooth being darker due to an injury and she told me she could get it white again.  I made appointment with her for the location on Hayden.  A day or two before this appointment she calls (some kind of computer call) and leaves me a message that she needed to cancel and would call me back to book again.  I never heard from her so after a couple weeks I started calling her and leaving her numerous messages to call me for this appointment.  I never heard from her and was conducting other business at her shop location when I found a young lady there who told me she could do my teeth and gave me her "Personal ph#" and she at least would answer the phone.  I tried again many times to call her but she never answered and it left me the same message as what I had been getting when calling Michelle.In Sept I was there again so decided to check them out and found out they had closed up.Now they are advertising again.  I called them and found out that one of their new locations also has been closed.I really think this is a scam.  They sell enough of these special coupons, get the money, close down the business, and open again in another location.  Isn't this something that the AG's office should investigate?I have checked BB and they do not have this company registered.There are no testimonials or even employee qualifications listed on their website.This business scares the daylights out of me.They have even changed their name and are no longer known as Platinum Whitening Lounge but now The Whitening Lounge.  MAKES A PERSON WONDER!!!
1	PLEASE DO NOT GIVE THESE PEOPLE YOUR MONEY!!I also like many of these reviews bought 2 groupons. My mom went to her appointment to find the owner with the business not even open to the public yet. However he said he would whiten her teeth anyways, after she was satisfied with the results but her gums turned white for a few days and she had a lot of pain. Then I made my appointment. It was set for 9am and I got a call at 845 the day of the appointment (15 min prior to the start of the appointment) from Michelle who had to cancel on me due to a family emergency but could reschedule for 5pm that night. I then called back and left a voicemail that 5pm would work. I showed up the office and waited 15 minutes past my appointment time and then called the 'owner'. He then let me know that there wasn't anyone available to do my teeth and he was'really sorry'. I then scheduled another appointment and once again get to the office to again have them say that they weren't going to make that appointment either!! They did not call or warn me of this at all! After the third time I called Groupon to get my money back, groupon needed to follow up with the owner to discuss what the issue was. In the meantime I scheduled another appointment just to maybe get it over with. I show up for the fourth appointment at 3pm and the 'owner' was actually there this time!! Shocking. However he proceeded to let me know he was running 30-45 minutes late. I told him I could not wait that long and he smiled and said well I can reschedule your appointment. YA RIGHT! I still have not got my money back from groupon or this ridiculous company. I am pretty sure a 5 year old could run a business better than these people. If you do choose to go to this horrible place to get your teeth whitened I wish you luck because you most likely will regret your decision!! I will pay you not to go here!!!
