5	I'm in heaven.. I found this place last time I was in Vegas.  It is near the exit that is by the walkway to MGM.  The jalapeno pretzel is out of this world.  they are large, fat, soft, and warm!  The "everything" was my second fave.  I have to get these pretzels everytime I am here!  We went twice this time!  They also have yummy caramel or candied apples.
5	Pretzel Dog and Cheese, 'nuff said...Seriously, get like 3 of them, eat one while drunkenly stumbling back to your hotel room, eat one when you wake up hungover and where'd that other one go?Okay, eat two on your drunken walk home.YUM!  No other pretzel dogs compare...maybe Annie's if you have one locally, but I don't and I never saw one in Vegas, so NY it is.
4	The perfect place to stop for a snack to soak up the alcohol you've already consumed...and make room for more. Choose from giant pretzels, or the more convenient "pretzel sticks". They're greasy-butttery, super-soft and covered in salt. Then choose your dipping sauce - everything from sweet to salty. I chose the CHEESE, of course. The pricing is not bad - around $5 for a pretzel (or 4-5 sticks) + sauce. Definitely recommended for a quick bite, and easy to carry with you to the next bar!
2	Maybe I should have gotten a pretzel at the New York PRETZEL Co., but I went for the Caramel Apple instead. Bad choice. It was SOOOOOOOOO hard! If I had filings, the caramel would have broke them all :( Oh and it was $10... ew.
5	The New York Pretzel at New York -New York Hotel in Las Vegas was absolutely delicious!!!We went back there 3 times. I had the cinnamon pretzel with icing for breakfast and another 2 flavors for lunch. I had the jalapeno and the pepperoni pretzel which was amazing.Pepperoni and Cinnamon flavors were totally yummy!
5	This location is in the New York - New York Hotel & Casino just across from Starbucks on the 2nd Floor. I *love* the pretzels here! I tried the Jalapeno and the Cinnamon & Sugar and they were both fantastic. Highly recommended!
5	I love pretzels and this place makes them very good. I had a plain pretzel with icing for breakfast it was soooo good. Definitely a breakfast I will repeat. =]
5	Amazing Pretzels! I had the Jalapeno one, and Pepperoni one!Very Good Stuff!
4	Random snackery that wasn't a fail: Jalapeno Pretzel + Cheese = YUM!
3	The placement of this little kiosk is perfect. Hungry and thirsty people coming in and out of the NYNY hotel will run smack dab into this place. Also, the crowds from Coyote Ugly and Pour 24 can get their munchies fulfilled by diving into a couple of these delectable soft pretzels. We were only looking for a snack so we tried the Jalapeno Pretzel with Tomato Dipping Sauce. The pretzel was soft and warm. Not too salty and not to spicy. It went great with our beers from Pour 24. The sauce couple have been room temperature instead of cold but the pretzel really didn't need it. Great stuff.
4	it's like Aunt Anne's but a wee bit better. it's so easy to locate too. it's at the New York New York Hotel. it definitely filled me up for a quick snack. a must have when you're at the hotel
5	I never fail to have a Fat Tuesday in one hand and a Jalapeno Pretzel from New York Pretzel Co. in the other every single time I'm in Vegas. Maybe it's because they are in close proximity with each other but I'm glad it is. I sporadically crave their Jalapeno pretzel, which is a lot better than the pretzels in Wetzels Pretzel but maybe that's the Fat Tuesday talking haha.
2	We ordered the sweet sticks from this place and it was not that tasty.  I think I like Auntie Annies better.  The gourmet carmel apples looked great but expensive... $12-apple!
5	For the record, I love soft pretzels. The salt pretzel stick we had from here were like a little piece of pretzel heaven if you ask me. Hands down the best soft pretzel I have ever had! I had it with good ol' yellow mustard as well as with their cheese sauce. Both ways were awesome.
2	After reading these reviews, I probably went on an off day. I got the pretzel sticks and lemonade. The pretzel was undercooked and tasted like a warm dinner roll with salt and the lemonade was really watered down. Had a much better pretzel in the bread basket at Mastro's later that night.
5	Whhhat is up with these pretzels?  They're amazing.  I've been to real New York, and if someone asked me where the best pretzels are, it's hands down the pretzel kiosk inside fake New York.  The plain pretzel sticks are awwwesome.
5	Cinnemon Sticks & pretzels are yummy. I like.
5	This place sells the best pretzels. I have gotten the salted pretzel and a cinnamon pretzel and I have loved both. I love stopping here for a snack before I head out for the day or before I go back to the hotel. There is usually a line but it is well worth the short wait.
5	So I'm getting married in Vegas this October and one of the things I'm looking forward to most with my partner in crime is sharing the joy of these fruckin' pretzels!! I am counting the days. Seriously. The plain unsalted pretzel regardless of dipping sauces is so dreamworthy alone. I miss you... I can't wait to see you again.
3	It was not the NY pretzel I was expecting, ya know like the ones you get from the street vendors....but the pretzel was still good, more like Auntie Anns.
1	This review is for the pepperoni and cheese pretzel. Without a doubt the worst pretzel I ever did not eat. Awful . I bought this to have as a late night snack. This has to be a mistake as the dough has a sweet sugary taste with an  apple smell and microscopic thins slices of pepperoni and maybe something related to cheese in another life. After a few bites I could no longer convince myself that my taste buds were acting up and had to face the fact the thing was obnoxious and I could not eat it. Place looked fine otherwise I would not have purchased the pretzel and if I has eaten it right away I'm sure I would have swapped it out . But a review is a review and this is mine and my sad experience with the cheese and pepperoni pretzel.
1	Awful.  Pretzel dog was soggy and gross. Cream cheese frosting for cinnamon sugar sticks was weird.  Other stuff we tried was soggy as well. Probably would love if drunk.
3	It works, don't expect more or less than food court food from your local shopping mall.
4	Snack time! Feeling a little hungry after walking the strip? This place was perfect and the Parmesan pretzel hit the spot-fresh, warm, soft and dipped in cheese. Yummy :DThe pretzel was huge and perfect for sharing..I would definitely come here again!
5	Got the pretzel in a cup..and oh my! Best pretzel I have ever had!! It's a must try when you visit NY-NY!!
5	Love this place! Very busy which means product is also super fresh. Varieties of Pretzels with all of your dips, pretzel sticks, and pretzel dogs plus plenty of drinks. The pretzels are really the best I have ever had....soft, chewy and delicious. Had the cheese dip and mustard. Pretzel dogs are either 6 inch or foot long. Yum!
1	Ewwww. Salted pretzel tastes like pancake on the inside. Yuck. I threw it away.
1	The display was great. That's why I wanted to try. But the taste is totally awful. The pepperoni pretzel doesn't even taste like pretzel. Oily and tasteless.  It tasted like uncooked dough. Totally a waste of money.
