5	So, let me begin this review by stating that until 4 months ago and my discovery of the gel manicure (Gelish, OPI Axiom, and Shelac), I REFUSED to pay another human being to paint my nails. 1. Best case scenario is the manicure lasts through the first day instead of just on your awkward spread-fingered trip to the car2. I can do the same chip-two-hours-later paint job myselfThen I was introduced to the world of gel....I am obsessed. I have been trying various nail salons that offer gel services, and Polished Nail Spa is by far by favorite. I admit that the industry-wide price tag for gel services is on the high side (around $100 for a mani/pedi combo). The different brands claim to last 14 to 21 days, but I easily go a month between appointments.Ok, on to Polished....The salon is fairly small with two mani stations and two pedi stations, and a great, earthy decor that makes you feel very comfortable Michelle is a doll. It is alawys nice when you are patronizing a business and actually get to intereact with the owner. She is down-to-earth, bubbly, and the conversations with her flow easily. More importantly, she had extensive product knowledge about the equipment in the salon and the products they use. She was also very helpful at suggesting layering combinations and colors that would flatter your skin tone.Bottom line: this place is fairly tiny and from what I understand, only has three nail techs including the owner, but I doubt they will stay that way once the word gets out.
5	Looking forward to starting a new great job next week means that I'll be super busy for the next 2-3 weeks so having a good manicure and pedicure prior is necessary. I chose to do a shellac french tip after trying the gel. My technician did an absolutely beautiful creation. All 3 of the ladies are very nice and the atmosphere is very cozy and fun. The place was booked non stop and there was a little bit of a wait but not any hassle. The cost is a few dollars more but worth while. The pedi does not have the whirlpools or massage chairs but I don't mind since there have been so many discussions in the past about local salons not being clean.I will definitely return to this salon.
5	Gellish/Shellac is the new it thing for nails...the problem is many salons claim they do it and do it wrong.  The only place I found that did it right was Dolce, however they use powder which is harder on your nails (it has to be filed off almost like fake nails)I found Polished on Yelp and the 5 star reputation held up.  Michele, the owner is fantastic, she loves what she does and she talked to me for a good ten minutes on the phone to make sure they offered what I was looking for. I got my nails done by Cari, PRO. They lasted 2 1/2 weeks the only reason it didn't last longer is because they were too grown out. The price may seem steep if you don't understand that gellish/shellac takes much longer than a normal manicure (plus I'm sure the products are more expensive). The ladies are fun to talk to, even the other clientele. It is very small (only two nail stations and I think three pedicure chairs) and boutiquey...love the vibe, the service, and the results! I will be a faithful customer for a long time.
5	After years of cycling through your typical nail salon options: packed Asian shops with tons of clients and questionable hygiene or super pricey and pretenious day spas, I have finally found my nail salon. If you want a regular place to get your nails done this is IT. While I had always searched for a regular hair stylist (and have found mine: Shay @ Aura), I could never find a regular nail technician. Usually I'd find a place that would do my nails but it was all the same. No client relationship, bland decor, chain-like service. (Think Super Paulene's nails or Scottsdale Nails II). Not so with Polished. This is a super comfortable, nicely decorated, warm, friendly, and charming nail salon. These ladies CARE about you as a client and about the job they do. They want you to be a regular client.  Unlike other nail salons who really couldn't care less if you return because there is someone else waiting to take your place, Polished is like a great hair salon but for your hands and feet. I saw Sharie and she was fantastic. She was great to talk to and did a great job with my mani and pedi. My nails were a hot mess (I had bitten them all off the day before and they were looking ragged) and she worked her magic. She didn't scold me for biting my nails like other technicians I've been to. She spent an 1.5 hours to do a quick spa pedi and full Shellac set. The time was relaxing and fun, and my nails look perfect. It was $55 for both services after a $10 first-time client discount. So $65 for a mani and gel set is really reasonable. Their location is great and easy to get in-and-out of (right off Shea and Scottsdale Rd, on the other end of the Oregano's parking lot).Note: This place prefers CASH or CHECK. There isn't an ATM nearby either.
5	I found this place via Google and then decided on them based on their prices and all their 5 star reviews on Yelp.  Sharie was my nail tech and spent about 2.5 hrs doing my pedicure and manicure and I loved every minute of it.  I decided on rock star toes and a shellac/gelish manicure and I wanted a Halloween motif so she worked with me to find colors that worked.  She was very gentle and did an awesome job.  This place definitely prides themselves on the personal touch.  I will absolutely recommend them to everyone I know.
4	I agree with what all the other reviews say-- definitely a personal touch, attention to detail, and a small, comfortable location. I'm giving 4/5 stars because my appointment started 20 minutes late and while the tech was great at still trying to pay attention to me while I waited, I don't recall her ever actually apologizing for the wait.Also, I called ahead to ask the price for a Gel manicure and was quoted one amount ($35) the website says another ($25) and then I was told that my Rockstar (glitter + gel) manicure was $75 but there was a special going on for $45. Huh? Maybe it was a lot of miscommunication, but that $75 price tag almost made me jump out of my chair.TIP: If you pay with a credit card, they charge you $2.
5	I've been going to Kimberly for years now and I couldn't be happier. I've been in and out of other salons but have never had nails done this well. I was so tired of paying $35 for gel nails that would only chip, crack, or become stained after a week. I can honestly say that I've never had a chipped nail since working with Kimberly. Give it a try, you won't be sorry!
5	GREAT place! Best Manicure ever! Ask for Kim she is amazing!
5	I live in the east valley and was a part of the Shellac craze because I didn't want to commit to acrylic nails.  I went to a couple of places and for some reason the Shellac would always pull away from my nails at the end.  One place even let me leave with have of it pulled away.   I started searching for places and came across Polished Nail.  I have never been anywhere else since.  The drive is worth it because my nails last three weeks plus.The owner Michelle is my master technician and she is professional, courteous, and does some of the best nails I have ever seen.  She does a really good job of explaining the products, services, and how they implicate your nails for the long term.  Then you can make an educated decision on what you want for your life style.  She really cares about preserving your nails and applying / removing any products with kid gloves.   Every time I get my nails done, I receive compliments from multiple people.   I started with Shellac, went to gel, and ended up going acrylic because I am so hard on my nails but everyone is different.  I am looking at them as I type and they are fabulous. I haven't tried the pedicures yet but they have multiple packages and one with rose petals in the water.  Roses?  Yes please......  You can ensure the tools are clean and they change out the tub of water with each pedicure using disposable lining buckets. Insider tips.....book yourself early because there are four nail technicians on staff and they fill up fast.  Bring cash or check for payment.  Get creative with colors and styles and they are more than happy to glam your nails up.  Sit back and prepare yourself for the best manicure of your life.
5	I have been getting gel nails from Kimberly for close to 5 years straight!  Which gets pricey after awhile but it is completely worth it.  I am constantly getting compliments on my nails.  I love the way they look.
5	I always seem to find the greatest people in areas where I don't live! So I'd had a rough couple of weeks and my nails were over a month grown out from my previous gel manicure - which was awesome, but done overseas. Sigh. So last minute I hit up Yelp to see if someone in Scottsdale was capable of giving me another amazing gel polish. Enter Sharie and this adorable nail spa. I called the day before and she had several openings so I picked one and was very excited. I ended up calling back the next day to try and move it earlier but she said she'd gotten all booked up so I stuck with my original time and filled the void with some lunch. The place is super tiny, like 5 people max, so yes, making an appointment is key for this place! You'll feel like you're in your old little happy place if you come in with Sharie on a quiet evening or weekend appointment and will have the place practically to yourself.Sharie did an AMAZING job on my spa pedicure (everything is disable and clean) and even more amazing job on my first real color Gellish manicure. It's been well over a week now and I've done usual household cleaning and washed two cars and they still are perfect. I never knew why gels were so amazing but it really comes down to proper application. I definitely recommend coming here (with an appointment!) for a relaxing and brilliant experience. Next time I'm in town and in need of a gel polish/fill I will SO be back! Thanks Sharie! Talent and a huge heart - what else do you need?
5	I went here for the first time today after searching for a good nail salon and after reading the reviews on Yelp I decided to give it a try. I am so glad I found this place. Everyone was very friendly, the salon is clean and cute and I love my shellac nails! I'm going back to Sharie on Monday for a pedicure.  Great place! Check it out, you'll be glad you did! Thank you for beautiful nails Sharie! I've received a lot of compliments! :))
2	Let me start off by saying I really wanted to like this place. It was warm and welcoming as soon as I walked in the door. I called on a Saturday morning and was able to get in that day for a 4 pm appointment with Sherri. Sherri was running a behind and was kind enough to call me and let me know to come in at 4:15 pm. It was much appreciated! These are the two reasons I'm giving 2 stars. I came to the salon with shellac (or gel as it's also now called) on my nails. Once the old shellac was removed from my nails, Sherri did a quick buff and immediately started applying the new primer coat. I stopped her and asked if she was going to clean up my cuticles, she told me she does them after she polishes them. She then polished them and did a quick glance and my cuticles and defined them as "no cleaning up necessary". I was thoroughly disappointed. I had to go home and actually use my own nail clipper to remove a started hang nail. To top it off, after I got home I noticed there were little bubbles or bumps in my nails. I didn't think you could get these from shellac, but obviously you can! It all just felt very amateur, not the professional experience I went in for. I've attached a picture of my nails.
5	Yes, 5 Stars! "AS GOOD AS IT GETS"!!!! The Polished Nail Spa Is a hidden gem!  Michelle did my nails yesterday. They were in total disrepair after losing my long time nail tech because we both moved. Have tried 4 shops since December, upscale and "quickie" shops. Michelle transformed my nails from sad to Super Gorgeous.. I can't remember them looking like this EVER! She knows nails!First, I called to get an appointment after reading all of the sparkling reviews on YELP. Left a message and Michelle, the Owner called me back and fit me in at noon,. (which I am ever so grateful for!) Probably need to make appointment, the word is getting out about this place. When I arrived, I walked in and was greeted by Michelle and another nail specialist (so sorry, can't remember your name). It is a small, comfortable, immaculate and exquisitely decorated shop with 4 nail stations, and 4 spa pedicure chairs. I felt so at home. Michelle assessed my nails (previous sparkle tips with gel) and went to work, going with what I had and transforming them to absolutely beautiful. I am never relaxed while getting my nails done, as it is usually a painful process because my own nails are thin, damaged and my skin is very sensitive. (i have had some form of tips, gels, wraps, acrylics for about 20 years) There was no pain, and Michelle explained everything she was doing. As I said earlier, my nails never looked or felt this great, and I am so happy! Michelle is a sweetheart and really knows nails. Great place, excellent service, lovely atmosphere. So glad I've found my new nail digs.. The price is very fair. You could certainly go quickie and cheap elsewhere, but it doesn't compare.  Thank you Polished Nail Spa!
5	Have gotten several manis and pedis from Cari - she is a pro! She is very thorough and the place is cozy and very clean and professional. A HUGE difference between Polished & most nail salons in Scottsdale is the sanitation & cleanliness. I have known way too many people who have gotten nail fungus from the jet foot spas that are used in most salons. Just when I was at Polished the last time, a girl was next to me who had been getting pedis at other salons & had fungus on 3 of her toenails. Yuck. In addition, Polished is no more expensive than the other places. I am pre-scheduling every 2 or 3 weeks so I don't have to panic at the state of my nails & end up at one of those nail mills out of sheer desperation at the gross-ness of my nails.Polished also has WAY better color selection & all the newest trendy colors. I have gotten tons of compliments on my last taupey grey gel mani and blue sparkly one!
5	Best place ever  to spoil your hands and feet!   Great location, great nail techs and great conversation!   They have amazing colors to choose from and know all the up to date trends!
5	I've been visiting Michelle (the owner) at Polished Nail Spa for almost two years.  I originally found Polished based off a friend's recommendation - and now, I will never go anywhere else. When you walk into Polished, you immediately feel welcome. It's almost like you are walking into a friends house. They are always completely booked (a sign of a great business) so I recommend calling a few days in advance to book an appointment. Now onto the nails - Michelle is amazing. I've been getting a gel manicure for two years - and (after comparing stories with friends) I know it is the best place to get gel. My manicure usually lasts well past three weeks without chipping. I go back religiously every 2-4 weeks to get my color changed. Even though I usually stick with my usual dark tones - they have such a huge selection of colors. They have tons of glitter options, bright colors, seriously anything you could possibly want - they have it. Even though I always book my appointment with Michelle, I know all the ladies are great. Trust me, you will not be dissapointed by visiting Polished Nail Spa.
5	I have very tiny nails and so it can sometimes be difficult to fit acrylics to them. Not with Michelle! She skipped gluing a tip on and just sculpted them out with acrylic. They have never looked so beautiful in my life, they are so cute and dainty (but still strong). Aside from my fantastic looking nails, Michelle was a blast to chat with. I should start by saying she texted me all week trying to get me in (as a first time client) at a time that works with my busy schedule. This goes beyond what I expect from a business into downright brilliant customer service. And then within seconds of meeting her, we were having a naturally flowing conversation, which I have never experienced at a salon because most are filled with predominantly non-english speakers. She is just the loveliest person.I'm sorry, this review is so long, but I have so many great things to say about the salon. I'll list them now:Michelle is the best. The rest of the staff is also the best. Michelle is an artist with nails, not just a technician. The spa is adorable. My nails don't feel like clunky acrylics, but like dainty little extensions. The staff is committed to your satisfaction. This is my go-to salon; I will not stray.
5	Read great reviews so I decided to try- my nails were in terrible shape. Upon entry, everybody greeted me and were all very nice.  Shop is small but neat, no odors or items lying around.  I soaked my nails for a while then Kathy started on my gel nails.  She was very nice, with a warm smile and I immediately felt comfortable.  I was a bit nervous at first because she worked quickly.  I was afraid she would cut too deeply into my cuticles and cause me to bleed but that didn't happen.  :-)). She meticulously painted my nails and in no time flat I had a set of beautiful nails.  The best I have had in a very long time!!!! Fee was a reasonable $35.  I will be back and tell all friends about this wonderful place.  Kudos to you all!
5	Sharie is amazing. I've been seeing her for two years, and always leave with the best looking pedicure around. She takes her time and is a perfectionist. She always has fun suggestions. She is a joy to chat with. And always polite to update me via text. Thanks, Sharie!!
5	Polished Nails is a beautiful little nail salon with warmth, and the staff are such lovely women! I received a beautiful new set of gel nails from the fabulous Kimberly :) a month ago and I LOVE THEM! I've only had acrylic nails in the past, and was excited to try gel nails. My nails looked beautiful, and I was so pleased with the entire experience! My first experience was great... The salon is a cozy place complete with chandelier and a warm ambiance. I was greeted by all the nail technicians when I arrived, and Kimberly was right on time, which is always so nice. She was attentive to what I wanted and walked me through this 'new to me' gel nails procedure. Kimberly was so fun to visit with and I truly enjoy getting to know her better each time I see her. I'm now for the first time excited to go and get my nails done- its no longer a task, its a treat! it feels like I'm getting together for coffee with a friend! I had my first fill today, exactly four weeks from the date of the application of my first set. I wouldn't recommend going so long in between fills, but the fact that they lasted that long and I felt they still looked quite presentable Is a major plus for me, as I'm not always able to go in when I should. I had no broken or chipped nails after four weeks... That tells me the quality of products used and the quality of service are exceptional! I will have my next fill in two weeks, but its nice to know I can go longer if necessary! I found it really easy to communicate with Kimberly to arrange appointments as well. The first time I called to schedule, I believe the ladies were all with clients, so I left a message... Someone called me back within the hour and had me in touch with Kimberly (the gel nail expert) right away! I'm so happy with my pink and white gel nails! I'll never go back to another salon, and I would highly recommend making an appointment with Kimberly- you won't be disappointed! Last but not least, their prices are amazingly affordable! I always try to leave a nice tip because I feel like I'm receiving such a great service for a great price. It's not easy to find a nail salon that provides: sterile equipment, a peaceful environment, lovely conversation with women you feel are instant friends- and most of all a beautiful product & service. Walking out with great manicured nails!
5	OMG, Let me tell you how happy I am that I found this GEM on Yelp!  Polished Nail is THE BEST!  I can't remember how long I've been going to Polished Nail, it seems like many years.  Every time I walk in the door, I'm always greeted with a warm welcome by the staff and customers. No offense to the other nail salons out there, this one you will fall in love with.  There is no worry about misunderstanding what you want and no worrying about the staff talking smack about you right in front of your face in a language you don't understand.  English is their first and only language spoken, that I know of... LOL. Kimberly is my nail magician.  I get the gel set.  I had been to other places and have been in that chair for over 3 hours sometimes and they have looked like crap.  Kimberly gets me in and out in 45 minutes or less and they look AH-Mazing!  I'm in real estate and need to be available when that phone rings so when she gets me done in 30 minutes, it's an added bonus. I WILL NOT GO ANYWHERE ELSE!  Kimberly is awesome. In regards to one of the reviews, Sherry's didn't make sense to me.  Kimberly is a perfectionist.  She is very skilled and can do a perfect fill quick. Why would someone want to sit in a chair longer than they need to be?  I've never felt rushed by her at all.  $40 for a gel fill is extremely reasonable.  If you're looking to spend more money for a gel fill and more time sitting in the chair, I can recommend a place for you.  Kimberly has always listened and done what I have asked for.   The reviewer said she had a great experience before, where are those great reviews?  Sounds like a Negative Nelly to me.
5	I still come here and the service is still outstanding. I've tried other salons in the Scottsdale area and they never do as great of a job as Polished does.
5	Polished is the best nail salon you will find here in the valley! I have been going to see Michelle since the day they opened and can't tell you how many compliments I get on my nails.  They are always the first to have any of the hot new colors and be doing the latest techniques.  The salon is beautiful and decorated so cute.  They are busy and rightfully so as they do amazing work.  So be sure to call ahead and make an appointment.  You wont be sorry did.
5	I have NEVER had such an amazing experience at a nail salon. I read a bunch of reviews before picking a new nail place (as I just moved to Scottsdale a month ago) and the choice was easy after reading Polished's reviews. When I made an appointment with Sharie she was so accommodating to my work schedule and got me in as soon as she could. I loved that they were booked up--it clearly meant they did a good job and I was willing to wait to get in because of it!!The experience itself at the salon blew me out of the water. Sharie was absolutely amazing from start to finish--she didn't look up from my nails once because she was so focused on perfecting my manicure. Not only is it the best gel manicure I've ever had, Sharie was the warmest, most wonderful person to talk to. I am so grateful to have found this gem in Scottsdale and will never go anywhere else.These girls know what true customer service is and I can't wait to see Sharie again for my pedicure in 2 weeks!!! :)
5	I love this place!!!! These ladies know how to do nails & fantastic pedicures. Love the ambiance. EVERY time I come into town I have to stop by! Kimberly does the best gel nails. Michelle the owner is very friendly & accommodating. I only wished I lived closer, this would be the only place I would get my nails done! Keep up the good work ladies!!!!  GL
5	I contacted Polished Nail at the last minute (while on a trip to Scottsdale) when I looked at my nails and realized just how nasty they were looking (I like to pick at and chew my cuticles, and I still had the remnants of silver polish from several months ago)!  I decided it was time to treat myself to a really good manicure, so I Yelped "manicures" in Scottsdale and pulled up the top rated salons.  I called the first salon....no answer after 8 rings so I hung up....never do business with any company who doesn't answer their phones within 3 rings!!!!  The second salon could not get me in until late the next day.  My 3rd call was Polished Nail.  The call was answered immediately, and I was able to snag an appointment an hour later with Sharie.  This is not a stuffy resort spa-type salon, so if that is what you are looking for, this is not it.  The location is in a strip mall just off of Scottsdale Road.  I walked in, was very warmly greeted and was immediately shown to Sharie's station while she grabbed her tools from the place where they were being sanitized.  I ended up getting a fabulous gel polish.....no doubt the best my nails have ever looked!  I don't know what a previous reviewer was talking about (she must have been confused with a salon in North Carolina!), but I was amazed how careful the entire staff at Polished Nail was with clean equipment and tools.  Everyone there was incredibly warm and friendly.  It is very obvious that they care a great deal about doing an EXCELLENT job, exceeding your expectations, and making every customer happy.  I definitely will be back on my next trip to Scottsdale and will book with Sharie.....she is a  SUPERSTAR!  PS...BONUS: very, very reasonable prices!
3	I have been on the hunt for a really good nail salon in the area since I just moved to AZ... I saw all the great reviews and comments so I said "why not?!" Called and was able to get in the next day which I thought was great! Super cute little salon, separate room for the owner and pedis  and a large selection of polishes. I came in for a pink and white acrylic backfill. My appointment was at 11:30 and I worked at 1 about 10 minutes away. The appointment was AN HOUR AND A HALF!! (Normally, it takes 45 min tops) I kid you not, I left this place when I was supposed to be at work! My nails have been done for about a week and a half and this is borderline one of the worst backfills ever. The website says a selection of pinks for pink and whites and thought I would be given an option, but was not. I mean they are the pros so I let it slide. Later when I actually had time to inspect my nails did I see that the pink was not at all the same pink I previously had. I did get them done at a different salon (my old nail lady in my hometown) but Its pretty noticeable with the different pinks, and they use the same brand. You can actually see where my old set was coming off and she just filled over it but you can still see it! Also the way the white was done was so off the wall to me. She drilled a line where she thought the white would be and its not even. The line in some spots is wacky, and the white is a lot thicker in some spots. She only did the gel on the top of my nails and missed the actual tip so its really scratchy and actually somewhat a different color. My nails have also started lifting like crazy! A week and a half and I want to rip them off and start over! I spent $50 with the $10 new client discount but  I think it was too much for the dissatisfaction. I myself am a cosmetologist so it could be me just being really picky but when your nail tech is saying to you that "Arizona State Board is a joke here", it makes me nervous. I loved the salon, and that it wasn't a chain where it didn't matter because there would be someone after you. I really wanted this to be my spot. I guess the hunt  continues.
3	I recently moved here from Vegas and have had the best nail girl ever. As with changing states, I must change salons. So, I yelped and found this place. It had great reviews and aesthetically looked appealing. First off, I get gel manicure. In the last 4 years of getting a gel manicure I've NEVER had my nail polish crack, chip or peel within 24 hours.  Mine peeled off 1 nail within 5 hours.  After my hour and a half appointment (which is ridiculous), I leave very unsatisfied and completely annoyed that I just paid $45 for something I could've done myself. My cuticles are mangled and disgusting and now (5 days later) every single nail is peeling off. I do not recommend polished to anyone and I will be on the hunt for another nail salon.
5	After my first review, the owner Michelle had contacted me about redoing my nails and to put my worries at ease from my first experience...talk about AMAZING customer service!!!! I was able to get in with her and her jam packed schedule soon after my contacting her and let me tell you, my nails look so great!!!! I have never has sculptured nails but she assured me they would look natural and are better for the nails. She started with my pinky nail to make sure I liked them and went from that point...we even mixed two pinks together to make sure it was what I was looking for! Our conversation was great! Not at all forced or awkward. She even texted me the next day to make sure I was in love with them! Needless to say, I LOVE MY NAILS, and I rebooked at that moment. I wasn't gonna waste going anywhere else!Thank you Michelle for your dedication to your business and your great customer service, I look forward to being a reoccurring client and friend.
5	I recently moved to this side of town and was too far from my old nail tech. After weeks of dingy, scrappy nails, I needed something quick. But it's hard to find a good nail salon. I searched for ones near my new place and Polished was a couple places down the list here on Yelp. I called first thing this morning. Michelle answered the phone promptly, was super friendly, and was able to book me an appointment same day, later that afternoon with Lisa. First off, the shop is gorgeous. Absolutely stunning. I love the decor inside, even the outlet faceplates are bedazzled. They have TONS of gel colors to choose from. Lisa was wonderful. I got acrylics with gel on top. I'm in love. The acrylics are perfect length and shape. AND, they're obscenely thick, my biggest pet peeve. They're just perfect. I'm extremely satisfied with my experience, and am happy that I've found a wonderful salon so close to home.
2	I really needed a mani/pedi after my last work trip and this salon had really great reviews, so I thought I would give it a shot. I made an appointment, and they were on time, which was a nice surprise. The nail tech was very sweet (I think her name was Lisa) and attentive, and I had a nice, relaxing time.That said, the mani/pedi itself was not the best I've had. I didn't feel like there were many "extras" that warranted the additional cost over most other salons - I mean $65 for a mani/pedi (including my $10 new client discount) is just a bit steep. She pushed back my cuticles, but didn't trim them, and now they look awful. Same thing with my toenails. I also asked her to cut my toenails short, but she only filed them, which means I'll have to get another pedicure in about a week (I need my nails really short as I'm a runner; I explained this to the tech). Now, not even 24 hours later, my nails are chipping (even my toenails, which never chip). I'm just really disappointed that while it was a nice experience, the service itself just didn't measure up, especially given the price.
4	Michelle, the owner, is pretty amazing. She reached out to me after my first experience and apologized and offered to redo my nails. I went in just for a quick redo, and she did a great job; I was really pleased. I told her that I didn't care about the frou-frou stuff, that I'm a runner and just need my toes taken care of and she was totally understanding and said they can customize my pedis in the future to what I need. She even recommended another employee who is great at what I want in case she is not available. I'll definitely be going back.
5	I recently moved to this side of town and was looking for a great nail spa. I searched the Yelp reviews and found the Polished Nail Spa had great reviews so I made an appointment. I talked to Michelle, the owner, and she was delightful, I got in the next day and absolutely loved my nails. She did them exactly how I like them. I have been going to her ever since and always come away loving my nails. I would totally recommend this establishment.
5	My Mom and I enjoyed a wonderful afternoon yesterday at Polished Nail Salon. Sharie treated me like we have known each other for years and did an excellent job with my manicure and pedicure. I was relaxed and in heaven. My Mom had Lisa repair her nails and she was very pleased with the outcome. My Mom thoroughly enjoyed the pedicure and massage by Lisa. Next time we are in Scottsdale, we will definitely be back. Thank you Sharie and Lisa!
5	I found this place by "yelping" after reading reviews I made an appointment with the owner Michelle... she has been very patience with my need to have natural looking nails but using a product to keep them strong ... we started with gel...seeing I am a personal chef and wash my hands a TON that was just not going to work.. Michelle has found a way to use acrylic so it thin to look like gel and the polish that is one coat so I have natural looking but strong nails.. prefect for me! That and she is quite fun to chat with... bonus... Now only if she was in the Biltmore / Arcadia part  of town life would be a dream... having said that ... she is a worth the drive... :-)
5	I am visiting Scottsdale for a couple weeks and am in need of a manicure. Thanks to Yelp I discovered Polished! Kimberly did my shellac manicure and I absolutely love it! All of the girls were very sweet and welcoming. Kimberly made sure I left with what I wanted! Thanks for the amazing experience ladies!
5	Great experience! I asked for a graduated french manicure. Lisa had never done it before- she thought about it for 30 seconds did one trial nail and ta da! She nailed it!Love love love
5	Finding a new nail salon was one of biggest challenges when we moved to Scottsdale.  Finally, I found Kimberly at Polished!  I've been going to Kimberly for more than a year.  She is a perfectionist!  My nails are always just right.  The ambiance is wonderful and everyone is so professional and nice!  I highly recommend Kimberly and Polished!
5	I am in the area temporarily and I needed to get my nails done. It was hard finding a place I felt 100% sure about. I went here because of all the great reviews and I am very happy I did.  I called and made an appointment for the next day with Lisa. When I came into the salon, Lisa greeted me right away and showed me the colors to choose from (they have lots of gel color selections!). Lisa was super friendly and so was the other woman in the salon (Michelle, I believe?). I asked about the glitter they had, and Lisa let me know how they do it (it's called Rockstar). I've never had such pretty glitter nails! I told her she had spoiled me and I'll never want plain nails again! They turned out gorgeous and I'm so very happy with them.The whole experience from walking into the store and walking out was perfect. This is the ideal nail salon. Friendly ladies working there that make you feel like you've been going here for years. I cannot recommend this place enough, I will definitely be back before I leave. Thank you!
4	The salon is in the shopping plaza do when following gps know that the face of the store would look into n scottsdale road but is on the far side. It is very cute salon, small but not too small. Love the rose petals in the pedicure and the pedicure area is nice that it's separated. I selected the full hr pedicure and it was very good. I also received a gel manicure. The staff was very friendly and seemed to be close friends with many of their clients- made me feel welcomed. Did a great job on the manicure. Had some issues with the color drying and she tried to correct it with top coat. She offered to redo the "odd" drying but it was so minor I barely could see it so I declined it but appreciated she offered to fix it- esp when the error wasn't even her doing. Would go back.
