2	I'm writing my review of the operation for San Diego, but, as far as I know, all the local operations use the same Vegas address. Fun fact: I had to submit a question on the website to get an actual address emailed to me. I think it goes without saying that the company does this intentionally probably so that it can avoid criticism on sites such as Yelp. I.e., this is why, as far as I know, I am the first person to write a review of the business.I purchased a year-long membership for 2 off of a deal site in October, 2011. Prior to doing so, I had emailed the listed contact person to inquire what kinds of free tickets I could expect. She replied that she couldn't say because she wanted to protect the identities of their entertainment partners. That is, if word got out to the general public that show tickets were being given away freely, who would pay the full price? On the surface, this makes sense, except that anyone familiar with the internet knows that I could just do a search and see what other members were seeing. That said, given that Fillaseat's service had just arrived in San Diego and overall lack of Yelp reviews, I had to go by forum posts concerning the Las Vegas outfit. Which meant Musicals! Concerts! Etc.! And I'm comfortable enough with my masculinity that I can admit that I adore musicals.Based on the example of Vegas, I bought the deal, thinking that two concerts or one musical might cover the initial cost, and everything after that would be gravy. And for the first month or so of my membership, I thought I had found a bargain. In that first month, I saw tickets for a Foo Fighters show, Kyuss Lives!, and the Scorpions. (You had to front $10 extra to get the latter.) I didn't actually go to any of those, because I wasn't free, but still it looked promising. In fact, when other San Diegans posted messages in the Yelp forums, asking whether they should themselves get memberships, I spoke well of the offerings.But then, as far as I could tell, Fillaseat stopped trying. Pretty much the only tickets they offered were for comedy clubs, which some of the Yelp commenters suggested might already be free. Either way, if going to comedy clubs is your thing, great. I don't hate stand-up, but it's not my first choice, and it would have been nice to have had more variety during my year of membership. Although I guess I might have enjoyed the antique shows. And there were other concerts (most notably at 4th and B) that I didn't have an opportunity to attend, but they were needles in the proverbial haystack. Often times, when there were interesting events, the available tickets would be snatched up well before I could even log-on.All in all, during the entire year, I only went to two events using my Fillaseat membership. The first, ironically, was a comedy show--Jon Lovitz. Because it was Jon Lovitz. And the second was for San Diego *something* *something* Dance Company. I didn't do enough research on that, apparently, because the show was filled with teens and pre-teens. 1. That was awkward. And 2. As much as the show wasn't terrible, Fillaseat providing tickets to see non-professionals was pretty tacky.Summary: Your mileage may vary, but likely not worth it if you're not a huge stand-up fan.
1	Thank goodness someone told the truth about Fillaseat. All they have posted on the site for Las Vegas is comedy shows.  I don't think they are even trying to get good shows, sporting events, and or concerts to attend.  I'm kind of irritated and feel like I wasted my money. What a disappointment.Heard other competitors is the better deal if you are shopping around.  Unless you like tons of local comedians, Fillaseat may not be for you.
4	Signed up for fill a seat off of a Groupon, had no idea what I was getting into.  Great tickets so far, no headliners but went to comedy, cover bands, and a downtown show.  Would definitely reccomend as worth the cost.
3	It's a good deal if you just want to see a comedy show from time to time. They need to fill up on better events to keep customers in Dallas. When there was a decent play or show, it filled up quickly!My experience was good though. You go online, hope for something interesting, sign up and go! Free with a friend!
2	This review is for San Diego.  I was a member since two years ago.  Two years ago, that year was REALLY GOOD.  I went to about 4 San Diego symphony performances (good seats too), some dances  / ballet shows,  some random La Jolla music shows, it was REALLY GREAT.  Totally worth it.  This year, not so good.  I am near the end of my 2nd year membership, there were only maybe 2,3 shows in the past year that were not too bad.  I ended up didn't go to any show in my 2nd year.Definitely will not extend my membership.
2	I'm not that happy with it. I've been checking everyday in the hopes that I will find something new, but it's the same shows again and again. I'm beginnning to regret having subscribed to them with the fact that they just don't care about getting more shows. How the heck does this kind of business survive? Not only that, but their website interface sucks! It's not user-friendly, and it's so dark! That should've given me a warning at the beginning. There goes my money.
2	I bought 2 Phoenix duet memberships; one for myself and one for somebody else. This has been my experience so far:Comedy show - local comedians who are repeatedly posted on the site. I've seen these tickets elsewhere for free, but usually $10 (fillaseat value $20 -2 people)another comedy show - local comedians listed multiple times on the site because they play various venues.  (fillaseat value $40 - 4 people)Muay Thai fight - this was a good show, but we were charged at the door. Supposedly the charge was for the $10, 1 drink minimum that we never received. Contacted fillaseat who contacted the vendor. Supposedly we were supposed to have received a ticket to give to the bartender. The ticket was never received, thus nobody told us about giving a ticket to the bartender to get the drink. When contacting fillaseat again with that information, I received no response and never received reimbursement of my 20 bucks! Even though the show was good, the fillaseat membership did little to nothing for me except cause me to have to take attitude from the venue. (fillaseat value $10 for 2 people - full price was 15)Piano Concert - I have 2 ticket scheduled for this one. I'll update after the show.So far the value received is $70. A year membership is $150 for a quartet membership  and is going up to $160. I would need to see a value of over $200 to make it worth the hassle, and it would have to be in something other than comedy shows. If I achieve that I will renew. I'll keep you posted.
5	(Here is another review for Vegas) If you are expecting tickets to major productions such as O, KA, LaReve or any other show of this magnitude, then Fillaseat isn't for you. I have been a member for almost 3 years now & couldn't be happier with what they have to offer. I have seen comedians, hypnotists, impressionists, concerts, sporting events, etc...I have seen probably 50+ shows & have had only one problem when showing up where they did not have my reservations for whatever reason. But the venue worked it out & we were able to attend the event anyway. Here are a few names that I have seen thanks to Fillaseat: Gordie Brown, Andrew Dice Clay, Vince Neil, Quiet Riot, Warrant, Night Ranger, The Village People (Yep, that's right!), Chris Young, Trace Adkins, Jonathan Clark, Anthony Cools, Marc Savard, Crazy Girls...& I know I am forgetting a bunch...but you get the picture. If you live in Vegas, it is worth checking out...especially when you have family & friends that come visit!
2	Not really worth it if you are not into Comedians though, 9 out of 10 shows offered are all just stand-up comedians or improve show. no great stuff . It really should be called Comedy-Seat !!!!! Great if you love comedy, no real fabulous exotic, exciting vegas type reviews ever offered. Once I think they had Barry Manilow and Nunsense. that's it.
5	I have subscribed to Fill A Seat Dallas for over a year and attended many varied events free with my husband. We have gone to a circus, hockey games, rodeos, a ballet, a choir concert,  and a fantastic play to list a few. Some of these events were not things we ever would have bought a ticket to under normal circumstances, but for the inexpensive yearly fee, we have certainly enjoyed ourselves. Sometimes, there are few possibilities, but we still feel we have gotten value well over the fee. It is worth checking out!
1	Fillaseat backed the vendor instead of the customer when I had a complaint. I was left with a bad taste in my mouth since I never received a resolution or so much as an apology. Therefore, I never went to the piano concert and have not booked any shows since. I believe my membership should have expired by now and I did not, nor do I plan to renew. There are lots of better ways to get bargain show tickets out there. I suggest you check Groupon and Living Social along with Yelp.
2	Update: The company responded the issue by refunding my membership. I am satisfied with the outcome. Initial post: I signed up for a membership via a Living Social deal. Seems like a great deal, but the truth is that I can't find any shows of interest that aren't immediately sold out. The company does not notify members when new shows are added (and per my emails with them requesting this, notes no plans to do so), so the few shows that are of high quality are sold out before I have a chance to claim a ticket. Furthermore, my account was canceled after I asked for a refund (which their website policy states are not granted) without my asking them to do so. I have asked them to reinstate my account - if I can't get my money back I might as well try to get some value from the outlay. hopefully, they will take action and reinstate. My advice: Save your money!
4	Fillaseat is a good site to get tickets but honestly you cant get the GOOD shows in vegas like carrot top or jabbawockeez. They offer a lot of tickets to other shows though so if there's a weekend you just wanna get out of the house, you can get online and pick a comedy show or a magic show or some concerts. Once in a while SOME really good shows do come up and they are worth it. Legends in concert and Jubilee were definitely worth it and what I like about fillaseat is they have a lot of dates listed for the same show so if you wanna go on a certain day ESP on weekends you can pick which day instead of having it be In the middle of the week when you're really busy because other ticket sites will give you free tickets on the day of or the day before which doesn't give you a lot of time to plan if you really wanna go so... This is a good site! I do wish they improve their site though and have more variety shows than just the same ones listed for periods of time until a next one comes a long.
