5	Phong Super Nail, you ARE SUPER! You are a gem in a sea of mediocre nail salons! Can't believe you guys work 7 days a week! I've been to other nail salons, and no one comes close to the amount of time your girls spend on me and my girlfriends doing our pedicures. The quality of spa pedicures you provide is unrivaled. Why this is their first review is beyond me, but I feel privileged to gush about them. Don't let the location in a worn strip mall discourage you. The inside looks like a number of high-end salons in Scottsdale. It's the experience that will take you to another place (in your mind). From the real massage chairs, not just the pads other salons use in regular chairs, to the heated mineral bath, the calf and foot massage with salt or sugar scrubs, the heated lavender oil and heated warm towels wrapped around my feet, to the highest quality of polishes and finishing layers of product they use - Wow, excellent. Some salons may charge less (a typical French spa pedicure runs about $23 here) but I feel the experience you get at Phong Super Nail is well worth it. When the only reason you get a new pedicure with them is that you're either tired of the color or your toe nails have grown out longer than you like, that's saying a lot about the quality of their pedicures!My girlfriends also swear by them for their manicures, and they do full waxing - I had my eyebrows done and I was very pleased with the job one of the gals did.Definitely my favorite place for a relaxing, great pedicure experience!
5	This place is great! My nails are BEAUTIFUL and the pedicure was so relaxing and thorough.  I will definitely be returning and recommending you to friends!
4	full function new massage chairs .spotless, bright,  uncluttered.  Hospital clean-seriously.With an $18 pedi, usually you can get a 5 minute shoulder massage included while your drying under the black light.  Sweet !They always have tons of recent gossip/celebrity/gossip mag
4	This is my favorite place to get my pedicures or manicures. Their pedicure massage chairs are the best I've found, out of about 15 places in the Phoenix/Peoria area.  Every time I used to try a different place, I was disappointed because of the awesome experience I always have getting pedicures here.  Usually, on a weekday, they can get me in and out in an hour or less if I tell them I am in a hurry.  On Saturdays, it takes forever.  The reason I am giving four stars instead of five is because there is often a long wait on weekends.  If I could give them 4.5 stars, I would, because they let me spend my "wait time" sitting in a massage chair to try and compensate for the long wait (40 minutes).  I thought that was really nice of them.
4	I agree with the other yelpers - very clean place.  It is easy to miss this place at night through since it's so dark.After moving here from LA, I am on the search for a good place.  No one can match Holiday Nail Spa and my awesome pedicurist Tina but I've been here twice so far and they aren't too bad.  I came in a 6:30 for a pedicure so it would easily be past their 7 p.m. close time by the time they were done but they never seemed to rush.  I liked that the staff all stay together until closing time.  The pedicurist was very good about making sure my pedicure was ok.  I accidentally smudged it while I was trying to dry and the girl was quick to fix it - with a happy attitude.  No bad attitudes here.
5	Love love love this place. Sure it is in an old shopping plaza and nothing else worthwhile is in it besides Phong's BUT this is seriously the BEST nail shop. I have gone to countless and they are all quick money, get you in, get you out as fast as can be. I have my nails done by Phong only, just my preference. Very nice and accommodating. And yes also free water bottle service!
5	After going to another place closer to home, I can't emphasize enough how much better this place is. They really do treat you well here. Always friendly and saying hi. They give you bottled water during the summer. Good attitudes even if you come close to closing time. The last place I went to seemed to give me attitude and it wasn't even that close to closing. I don't give 5 stars often but after going here and comparing it to the last place, it's worth the extra drive for me.
5	Had another great nail service. This time a complimentary xmas gift of lotion. How sweet and unexpected! They are consistently polite and accommodating. I'm always satisfied with my nails and I continue to be impressed with their level of cleanliness and order compared to other shops nearby-there's absolutely no place better.
5	I have lived in this area for 4 years and just discovered this little gem! I chose to go to Phong's based on other Yelp reviews and was extremely satisfied with the service I received. I opted for a full set of pink and white acrylics and Phong took his time making sure each step was to perfection. I would definitely recommend this place! The bill was $40 and I gave $50. Very reasonable for the level of care and service I received. I will absolutely return.
5	I love Phongs! I've been to many places over the years and no one offers such a beautiful pedicure so inexpensively. They're incredibly clean too which is a huge plus. I kind of don't want to tell anyone about my diamond in the rough in fear of it getting too busy but I want them to stay open forever!
4	I am from out of town and was looking for a place to get my nails done for a wedding. Found this place from reviews on Yelp and was really impressed with the staff and service :-) Good recommendation!!
5	Very clean place ... Check it out of you are in the area and need a mani or pedi !!!!
2	Clean, great selection of colors, quit. First time going, I personally believe it's a tad bit over prices for the amount of service you are actually receiving. I was impressed with the cleanliness of the shop and how quant and quit it is. Why I'm giving it two stars, their was a younger looking man doing my friends toes. I accidentally stepped on her toe while we both got up from our spa chairs. The guy asked my friend to sit back down and started to remove only the messed up area of the nail and not the whole toe. I asked him if it would be best to remove the whole toe so their is not any imperfections and he got such an attitude and stated he was a professional and knew what he was doing. I was so appalled I never meant to sound rude or be difficult. At that point I decided I'm never going there again and it was all because this young man had such a rude condescending attitude.
5	This is my first time here! I stopped by due to the great reviews on yelp and you all were right! They are very friendly. They don't really talk to each other in a different language which can sometimes make customers feel uncomfortable. They do beautiful and quick work! The young girl who did my pedi massaged my legs for SOOO long! It was heavenly! I've found my new go-to place for mani-pedis! Thank you Phong Super Nail!
1	I'd give no stars if I could.The hours on the business are listed as 9a-7p M-Sat.I was there at 8:55 am and waited until 9:10.Nobody showed up.  I took my business across the street to Phoenix Nails which was open, clean, friendly and did I mention OPEN?
5	The salon is clean and they sterilize their equipment.  That's always a good thing.  Awesome job with my pedi and I felt so relaxed afterwards.  I really loved my acrylic fill too, maybe next time I'll do gel polish but regular polish is so inexpensive... HehI found my new place!  One another thing to mention is they did NOT try to up sell me, which I always find incredibly annoying.
2	I went here a few weeks ago to get a full set and a pedicure. Pedicure was great at the time and felt really nice. However, 3 days later, my nail polish began to peel. I have has acrylic nails on for 3+ years but recently moved to the Phoenix area and an searching for a new nail salon. I was not impressed at the quality of my nails at all! Some were longer than others and they just looked like crap! For my pedicure and full set I paid $95 without the tip and will not be returning. Not impressed at all.
