1	If I could, I'd give this place a 0.That's how bad it is....And if you look at my reviews in general, you'll see that I'm generally very satisfied with things, so this place was a definite no-no.We went here for brunch last weekend and it was an utmost disaster. The food is UBER greasy (and not in a good way), and the service was quite bad. Not to mention, although I had a very clear conversation with our hostess about substituting potatoes with tomatoes, and omitting certain things from my dish, I ended up with something exactly the opposite and definitely not even the item I ordered. When I asked her if maybe she made a mistake/brought out the wrong plate, she got defensive and said that this was *exactly* what I ordered in what was basically a "too bad so sad" attitude.Needless to say, I didn't leave much of a tip. Good thing I even paid for that not eaten meal.Nothing irks me more than horrific service, and that's pretty much what you'll get here. That, and a stomach ache. :|
4	Food is good and the music while not my taste is good too, and dancing is encouraged on Saturday evenings 6-11pm
1	Jawnies has been an exercise in 'how to let your standards slide' I have been going on and off for about 15 years. The restaurant has changed hands three times in that period and with each new owner came good and bad.This latest owner has ushered in the era of NEVER AGAIN for me! At first I had been optimistic because the place started to look cleaner. It is unfortunate, that with the slightly cleaner environment, came a big decrease in the quality of the food and service. Don't get me wrong! This place was never a 5 star but I would have given it at least 2 to 3 because it was in my neighborhood and the waitresses were quite friendly. The new owner got rid of the more friendly and competent staff and the place is left with a few who try their best and others that are completely rude and difficult.  The food has always been kinda Meh, but now it is down right embarrassing to let people know you eat there. Nothing is done properly! Order a chicken burger, and you get a microwave de-thawed hunk of chicken, that is rubbery and just plain gross. Breakfast, my fave meal of the day, is prepared with the care and finesse of a garbage man performing his/her duties. And FORGET any special instructions...they will be completely ignored. I have tried over and over to get them to make a plate of eggs the way I want them. No success! I actually thought that it was a difficult order until I went to a place where they made them correctly the first and every time there after. So Jawnies, I bid you Adieu! Nostalgia is no longer a good enough reason for me to waste my money.
