5	What a great place to get food, beer, wine, and home decor
5	My favorite place for wine!I come here a lot, but mostly for the wine. The store is cozy, and the staff is super helpful. Their wine guy here can tell you just about anything about every kind of wine. And, if you're a World Market Explorer member, you can get some sweet discounts too!Another favorite about this place, is the unique treats they have. From chocolates to jam, the food is great! Overall, the staff, selection and wine make this one of my favorite stores in Happy Valley!
3	Decent, but cramped and most of the furniture simply isn't my style.  Some credit is due for their food and wine selection, but to be fair you can find most of it at Whole Foods at a similar price.
4	Great customer service.  They are always trying to find a good deal for me.  Unfortunately, the coupon for 49% off one item was only good for regular priced merchandise on that one particular day...and wouldn't you know...there was NOTHING regular priced that day!  :(
4	Great for gifts and wine!
2	My step-mother told me that Cost Plus carries lots of flavors of syrup for coffees.  While that is true, they didn't have the Gingerbread syrup I was looking for, so #fail.
4	Big fan of Cost Plus World Market.  Excellent selection of food, love their kitchen gadgets section, wonderful books, and terrific season selection of housewares.  Service is warm and inviting.  Great selection of teas and coffees also.  Really cool mini-picnic items for a day with your sweetie.
5	LoOove this place. I am addicted to so many things here. From knick knacks, to gadgets, toys, furniture, lamps, throws, but especially the imported foods. The kitchen gadgets are neat and dining sets are nice. Wines are at good prices here and if you get on the mailing list, huge savings.
5	LOVE this store.  It's especially fun to look for interesting ethnic food items.  There is a selection of sample sized items as well which is nice when you want to try something new in a smaller size.   Join their rewards program and you will often receive discounts.
5	This is a great store, I usually buy most of my home decorating items from this store. The prices are reasonable, the staff is stellar and the store is always clean. I very much enjoy the different varieties of foods that they have. Japanese soda to English cookies, this store has a nice selection of foods from around the globe. Plus they have a rockin card section, in my opinion the cards there beat out Hallmark by a long shot!
4	Always wander through this store but never end up buying much. They were having a Moscato wine tasting today.  Picked up some EVOO and a wine glass since we broke one recently.
4	So in love with cost plus for stationary, home decor, wine, kitchen gadgets, and non perishable international snacks.  My go to for stocking stuffers and the only spot to find something for guys & gals alike.I visited this location for a change- I typically go to the one at camelback & 18th street.For coworker gifts I grabbed some mini-wines and single serve shortbread cookies. Vintage bottles sodas galore to throw in ice on Christmas Day that family will enjoy.  I found a mug for my uncle as well as lobster pate for his stocking.  I found gourmet wrapped soaps and a Christmas dish towel for my mom.While I was shopping an associate offered me help with finding anything.  The line was fairly quick but I could tell the cashier seemed overwhelmed by the cart of goodies I had to check out. Granted her counter is tiny- Sorry for buying so much!!!!  Seems like that should be a good thing?? Maybe Kim should have called a backup cashier when she saw my selections because a long line did form and she ended up showing her stress.
