5	My second time here.  Just purchased a Briggs & Riley briefcase.  Less than 1/2 price of a Tumi bag I looked at, but better.Great selection, knowledgeable staff, good location.  They also repair luggage--even Tumi store won't do that.  If you're proud of being a Pittsburgher, you should be buying as much as you can from a _Pittsburgh_ store!
5	What a great store! Dean the owner/manager was extremely knowledgeable and helpful about which backpack was best for me.  Very generous 30-day return policy and a wide selection of travel accessories as well as luggage. A must visit if you need luggage and want to support local businesses, especially the few who are left Downtown.
5	I just went here on the previous Saturday. Dean the owner help me pick out two pieces of luggage. One was a on sale Tumi bag and the other one was a little small carry on. I would definitely come back here and recommend this place for anyone who has a little extra time on their hands and really wants to invest in a nice piece of baggage. I would say maybe the only downside is that it is downtown (i live in monroeville) and they're not open on Sundays. I'll never go anywhere else for luggage again!
1	Specialty Luggage misrepresents customer service, does not make good on product warrantees, makes promises they do not keep and charges a premium for luggage that they falsely sell with lifetime warranties. I purchased a piece of luggage worth around $100 for almost $300 because the salesman convinced me that the luggage had a lifetime warranty. He looked me in the eye and told me my luggage would be supported or replaced by them at any time.  He's a really good salesman - he smiles, makes you laugh and makes you feel like he's really honest. He'll go on for 10 to 15 minutes on the craftsmanship and quality behind the bags that they sell. He'll make promises and guarantees to sell you a piece of luggage but in reality falls apart like any other luggage you purchase elsewhere without their excessive price "service" premiums. When I went in with "lifetime" warrantee luggage that he sold me that had defective wheels and a defective zipper that began disconnecting from the seams - he looked me in the eye and told me that I had a "convenient" memory. He laughed at the idea that he told me there was a lifetime warranty on this luggage. I told him I was insulted that he misrepresented the craftsmanship behind this bag and overcharged me for a product that was not worth the premium he collected - he offered me 10% off another piece of luggage and said he was insulted. Specialty luggage is staffed by slimy salesman who lie and misrepresent facts to sell you over priced products that do not justify the premiums they gauge customers for.
5	My wife and I have been shopping at Specialty Luggage downtown for years.  The staff there, particularly Matthew, are always willing to take the time to try and find the best product to fit your need.  If they don't have what you need, they say so, and will try to get it for you, although more often than not, if they don't have it, it doesn't exist.  We've purchased several pieces of luggage there and many accessories and everything has always been high quality.  They've also helped us get repairs for luggage efficiently and cheerfully and if there was any ambiguity about whether something was covered by a warranty, they gave us the benefit of the doubt.  The prices are reasonable and you get a lot better service than you can get from any online retailer.  It's worth it just to visit because you'll learn a lot about what's available; we've bought things there we didn't know existed and have been delighted with the result.  It's also been a great place for gifts during the holidays because of the diversity of products they offer.
