4	Prompt, fair and did the job,Thats all you can ask of a plumber really. They came right away, did the job, came back when they said they would which is amazing to me. The prices were a little more than most but the promptness was worth it. They were friendly and I think its a family business.
1	Family business or not; thieves are thieves.They re-plumbed my kitchen sink, then made off with my additional s-traps and plumbing tape. Then they bill me for the parts!!! WTF!!I called "Dave the plumber" and asked him to return my parts. He said that he would. NEVER DID. Lame.Stay far away from Jack Dish.
5	Called these guys on the advice of a friend that works in property management. They showed up right away. Explained what went wrong and gave me a reasonable price to fix it. I would use them again.
1	Horrible.  I have never met a ruder person in my life!  He would not/did not fix any of the problems, in fact he was so rude that I had to ask him to leave.  He left the hose on in the backyard and the whole patio was flooded!  Irresponsible, belligerent and nasty.  If you want a good plumber, call Pro serve (656-4500).  They came by the next day and everything was perfect.
5	Dan has been out to our house twice for two different issues and was very professional and resolved our issues quickly. He has always showed up in the 2 hour window of time given and has been earlier rather than later, which is a huge plus! I absolutely hate when people show up in the last 15 minutes of the time window given. I would recommend this company to everyone who likes their issues handled in a timely manner and like things fixed the right way!
5	These guys have been my plumbers for years and for good reason. Very trust worthy, punctual and friendly. Always get things done quickly for me and at a great price. I love the fact that they are a family business too.
5	Dan was out to our home on October 15. He did an amazing job and solved all of our problems quickly and efficiently! He was on time and very neat! Will definitely be using this company in the future for all of our plumbing needs!
5	This company was out at my house within 3 hours of my call. They went above and beyond to get me a working sink. Their technician was at my house until 7:30pm which was a true indication of superb service. I highly recommend Joey, Dan and the rest of their team!
5	I called Jack Dish Plumbing because I had success with them years ago when they beat the pants off of another quote I received for a sink installation.This time, I had a leak somewhere in my house as my water bill increased each month. The leak wasn't easy to find. They checked different lines, and finally figured out how the plumbing was routed in the walls and underground.They isolated the leak to somewhere between my sidewalk meter and the house, but it wasn't my outside main line. Since they now knew how the pipes were routed, they thought of the best way to reroute the water and did so.The work took place over the course of two days, and was very reasonably priced. Everyone who was here was very neat with their work. The only thing that was different when they left on day 2, was my water meter was no longer showing a leak!Thanks guys!
5	On a Sunday, we had a major failure on the main valve going into the home from our water heater. I got Jack's name from Angie's List, called the number and Jack answered. He was at our home within the hour. He is most professional, knowledgeable and friendly. He quickly and efficiently remedied our situation.
5	Dan came to fix a couple of things in our home on October 1st: a leaky kitchen faucet, a bathroom faucet that was corroded/molded/rusted? and a leaky outdoor faucet.  He ended up getting the OK from our property manager to get new faucets.  He did a great job because we haven't had a problem with any of them since.  He did it in a reasonable amount of time, too.  He was polite, professional, knowledgeable, competent and friendly.  A+ service for sure!
