4	Although I have not done it nearly enough since moving here, I do LOVE to hike!  I read about these trails through my friends here on YELP and thought I should check them out!  I hit a trail and found myself winding up and down several smaller mountains overlooking several Arrowhead subdivisions with a beautiful view of the area.  This is not a hardcore hike, but still a really nice afternoon or morning activity.  The trails were very quiet and for the most part were well marked.  The entire trail is a bit over 4 miles and is a pretty descent working!  Unlike some larger hikes I have been on, most of this trail could easily be run if you are interested in a good ass whipping!Go check it out!  People were all friendly, parking was a breeze and it really gives you a nice view of the West Valley and beyond!
5	I adore hiking the trails all over this area. There are a  variety of choices to choose from . Not only can you hike on one side of the road but now there is a bridge over the road so you can hike on both sides.  If yo are taking kids I advise the Thunderbird Park area by the amphitheater .It's very low key , wide and without alot of obstacles. East of that area you can hike or drive over to Electra Dr. and hike the other peak. Across Pinnacle Peak is another option with a large lot to park in. It is a rocky trail but most adults can handle it. Most weekend mornings and evenings there are quite large groups hiking and walking.  Be sure if you go to take more  water than you think you might need. It get s really hot and fluids need replenishing.
4	The Park  trails seem recently refreshed and cleaned up. With the beautiful weather the park is packed. Be prepared to  scout out a parking place , if meeting friends maybe meet  somewhere else to conserve parking. Mountain biking  was very popular today a the park so keep your ipods on low so you can hear them . Also this a great place to begin mountain biking with little stress or technical requirements.
4	Thunderbird Park offers a few different hikes ranging from about 30 minutes to a couple hours depending on your speed. The trails are all fairly easy to manage. Some are easier than others, in that they  are essentially just gravel, while others have a few rocks that require traversing. The views from each of the trails are beautiful so you won't be disappointed in any path you choose. I've never had a problem with parking, though I've seen the lot get pretty full.Take advantage of these fun hikes while the weather permits and remember to bring water, especially if choosing a longer hike and as the weather starts to get hot again!
1	Horses and dogs defecate here constantly and there's virtually no enforcement of policies to prevent this from getting worse (at least with the dogs).  Often there's drunken people here on Sundays, and they're not exactly "from the area".  They then meander up the trail to the smallest hill in their street casual clothes, laughing, and not watching their wandering kids.Weekends are horrible here because everyone finds the need to say hi to every single person they see going the other direction on the path.  It gets old, people.  So, avoid weekends if possible.Trails were much better before they made so-called "improvements" in the way of widenening the paths.  Now there's an oversupply of overzealous mountain bikers who don't know that pedestrians have right of way, and are so lacking in dexterity that they can't seem to slow the bike without skidding down the hills.During prime weather months it is common to have a local pastor sing religious songs on top of the lowest mountain, with a guitar.  I'm not sure if I'm more bothered by the fact that he does this, or by the fact that other people are not bothered by this as much as I am.
4	As a student, sometimes you just wanna get away for an hour or so and not spend money...Conveniently there are places like Thunderbird park that do the trick.Located right off 59th Ave, north of the 101 is this sweet small park where you can go on that short run to get your mind off of things that piss you off, or you can long hike up to the highest top and be damn proud you did it. Whatever your reasons are for coming out here, you'll be glad you did (just bring water... or you won't be so glad); the sights are worth it, your body'll be thankful for some exercise, and hey, why not? It's free!
4	This park is very convenient to my house, which is the main reason I come here quite often. There are several different trails you can take, depending on how much of a workout you want (or, in my case, how hungover you are). Yes, it does get crowded and parking in the NW lot can be difficult, especially on the weekends, so go early, by about 7 am. I do think the trails are nicer since they have been widened, but show a little trail etiquette: just because the trail is wider does not mean you get to hike 3 or 4 abreast! Take a look at the trail maps to see which ones are loops and which ones are not. I didn't do this one time and wound up somewhere out on 55th Ave - my 3 mile hike turned into an 8-miler through the scenic Arrowhead community.And, contrary to other Yelpers, I do like when people say hello. Don't do it, and you may hear me whisper "Bitch" under my breath as you pass by!
5	This park had a role in why I chose this area to buy a house.  I love hiking, being outdoors,  and getting excercise while I'm at it.  There are several hikes here, which none are to difficult, but not to easy at the same time.  The hikes are not nearly as busy as Sqaw Peak or Camleback so parking or bumping shoulders with anyone is never an issue.  This recreation area is truely a gem for the Arrowhead area of Glendale.   I will be here at least twice a week while the temps remain under 100 in the valley.
4	Thunderbird was our second hiking outing for 2010.  Kerry said this hike for me, since I need something easy.  She can make it to the top in 23 mins.  It took me 1 hour (working on getting in shape).  We got there around 10:15am.  Parking space was still plenty and it is free.  Super nice!!  The trail was gravel and loose rocks.  I should have worn better gripping shoes then regular running shoes.  I finally got to the top of one of the mountains and the view was beautiful.  It overlooked an Arrowhead subdivision, awesome view of the west valley.  You can see the UofP stadium!  There were a lot of people but everyone was very nice and knows the courtesy of hiking routines.  I will need to get myself in better shape to run it next time!!
5	This is a fabulous park for a quick but good hike.  There are a lot of people there, but I like that because I feel a little safer when I want to hike alone.  To me, feeling safe is very important.  I agree going early is a good idea though, you don't want to be plowed over by people too much :)  I'm going to go again and try a different trail.  Oh, and my pups also give it 5 stars.
4	Hiked part of H1 and all of H3 around 4 miles.  Yes, I am still slow 2 hours.  I love it.  People are friendly, nice inclines, and 4 miles is just right for a good workout.
4	This is officially known as Thunderbird Conservation Park (to distinguish it from Thunderbird Paseo Park, which is also in the same city) and is Glendale's only mountain preserve. I find this to be a good place for hikers who want gentle, well-marked trails and do not want to deal with more strenuous, steeper climbs such as would be found in Camelback or Piestewa Peak. There are ample parking spaces, scenic views, and several large, clean picnic ramadas are available near the parking areas.
5	I hate the gym: I feel like a hamster on a wheel when I run on the treadmill. When I hike I feel like I've accomplished something, and I do some of my heaviest thinking and hardest hiking on the trails of Thunderbird Park. There are three separate mountains, and I've hiked every set of trials numerous times. H-2: This is the trail that begins at 55th and Pinnacle Peak Rd. I trained for the Susan G. Komen half marathon on this trail because the steep incline on the west side of the mountain is a great place to build endurance. The whole trail is about 3 miles total, and it is easy to complete the loop in around 45 minutes. I stopped using this trail because it is really rocky, and I sprained my ankle pretty badly on the steep decline. H-3: To hike this trail I usually park along Pinnacle Peak Dr. (not to be confused with Pinnacle Peak Rd.) because the major incline is located right off this road. It takes me a solid hour to finish this trail which is about 4 miles total. The path goes behind all of the mansions, and I love seeing the design of all of their backyards. H-4 through H-4b: I usually hike all three of these loops together for an hour and a half workout. The top incline is small loop in itself, and I do this mini loop about 6 times for a really hard workout. This is one of the busier trails because it has two parking lots: one on Patrick Lane and 67th Ave. and the other right off of 59th and Pinnacle Peak. This is probably the best trail for kids and dogs because it can be modified to be as easy or hard as you like. Here are also a few rules for new hikers: 1. Don't be offended if people pass you. Everyone has different levels stamina. On this note, please be courteous and allow others to pass if necessary. 2. Please clean up after your dog. I see people that pick up their dog's waste, and still leave the bag on the side of the trail. Even though this park is well kept, leaving the plastic bag is still equivalent to littering. 3. Control your children. 4. Be aware of the wildlife. I've seen rattlesnakes on these trails a few times. One even slithered across my path about 5 feet away from me. It is a good idea to become well versed in snake or scorpion bite care in case of an emergency. 5. Bring plenty of water. During the hot summer months it is easy to know when to hydrate, but it might be more difficult during the winter months. Overall, this is a great place to get outdoors and workout! Hope to see you on the trail!
4	First time hiking and really enjoyed Thunderbird. Plenty of trails that were just challenging enough. Could have used a few more directional signs. From out of town and had a little trouble finding my car when I was done. Excellent location though. I'll be back!
4	What an adorable place to hike, so quick and easy, in and out.  It took me 45 minutes to hike up the most prominent hill and loop around back towards the parking lot.  I usually hike South Mountain and once I start I can't stop, I want to be out there all day exploring new trails.  Luckily, Thunderbird doesn't have that many options; apparently it has 15 miles worth of trails but it seems small.  This is also the cleanest place I've hiked, I didn't see once speck of trash.  If I lived in the area I would be out on these hills every morning.   The trails here are super easy and I would recommend it to beginners.
4	I drove pass this place a few days ago and decided to go for a run, Hoorah! I must say it's never to crowded, there was free parking. The hikes weren't to difficult however it does have nice views of the area. It's a good release from the daily grind...
5	The kids and I have hiked almost all the trails numerous times. It is a great outing to spend time with the kids. -- Bring a lunch and have a picnic at one of the parks picnic tables. -- Meet other people on the trail. The kids have meet numerous other kids hiking. It is amazing to me how easy it is for kids to say HI and have a friend almost instantly. I wish it was the same for adults.-- Bring LOTS of water. There are no fountains on the trails - and being without water is like a death wish. We usually carry an extra bottle for the poor soul that we see without water, it happens on every hike. Don't under-estimate how long/hard the hike is. Be prepared!
5	Trails are fun with a good variety for any level. Easy access to parking and the main trail offers a good three plus mile loop. There are multiple pathways and you could easily hike around for hours.
4	I feel so lucky to live only about a 1.5 mile run away. There is an entrance on both sides of 59th avenue and one on  67th avenue (more horse). There the trails are easier but all the hills connect together so I love running here for hours. Fairly crowded most days unless you are absolutely crazy and run at midday in the middle of summer. The west 59th entrance has water (even for dogs!), restrooms, and is my home base. If you run there from the south, the sidewalk ends and you can take a trail on the left.
2	hiked the H1 trail today (I think...) and it was about 3.2 miles roundtrip. views are okay - you are looking out at the back of a neighborhood for most of it. it's not as secluded as I would have liked, you can hear highway traffic for the whole trail. and it was pretty crowded on Sunday afternoon. since my dog doesn't react well to meeting strange dogs (and there were a ton of dogs out on a pretty narrow trail) I don't think we'll be doing this particular trail again.
4	Thanks to my addiction to good food (and I mean the food that tastes good, not good for you) my doctor and cholesterol levels insist that I get more exercise.  Not a gym bunny, I look to hiking/walking as my exercise of choice.  Thunderbird park is just the right place for me.  So quick and easy, in and out.  The steepest hill and loop around back to the parking lot generally takes me 40-50 minutes and is a lovely hike.  Easy, convenient and clean.  Great place for beginners or low level work out people such as myself.  :)
4	Apparently there are three trails at this mountain...I didn't know this when I first went. The easiest trail is the one google maps led me to and it was a nice, short hike with a refreshing view of not only houses and rocks but also some pools of water. My friend and I had a splendid time making a fool of ourselves copying arm workouts on youtube at the top to make up for how long the trail WASN'T. Cant wait to visit the other trails!
4	This park has one of my 2 favorite trails in Phoenix. The other is at South Mountain. I love the steep incline while walking towards the peak that looks over Arrowhead Lakes. I like how clean the park is.My first trip up here was on Veteran's Day. It was a nice surprise to get to the top only to see a flag waiting up there.Walking down can be a bit tough at times. But the way the trails connect, you can pick and choose your route far easier than some parks.It is not as scenic as some places but is a great combination of interesting, offers a "modular hike", a nice workout, and the lakes are at least an interesting view for Phoenix.
5	If you are looking for an anaerobic workout (muscle only), go fight the crowds at Camelback or Squaw Peak.  This "park" gives you options to jog or briskly hike, and you still get great views at the top.  It's my Go To place, and close to me helps :)
5	Occasionally I will come across a hiker or a group of hikers with loud earphones, that cannot hear me coming, so I have put a bell on my mountain bike, and the hikers seem to like the fact that they can now hear me coming.  I would suggest this to other mountain bikers as well to avoid any frustrations.  Hikers have THE RIGHT OF WAY and that is that, so let us be courteous and careful when we are zipping past families with small children and pets.  I hike that area as well with my wife and children and I sometimes get irritated at the mountain bikers that just fly by without even slowing down.  Several trails in the area provide a variety of intensity for the people who want a challenge.  The trails can be a little technical if you are not familiar with "baby head" rocks sticking up, but it also prepares you for some of the other trails Arizona has to offer, like South Mountain, and Trail 100.  All of the trails are "ride able", however, you may encounter some technical areas or long steep climbs that will definitely challenge even advanced riders.  I would recommend this park to anyone with small children who love to get outside and explore.  There is plenty of picnic tables, which I rarely see occupied that are close to restrooms.  There is easy access to the entire park and plenty of parking, for any sized vehicle.  You can reserve different pavilions for parties and they even have a huge fireplace at the top of one of the saddles that you can utilize in the winter.Make sure to bring plenty of water and sunscreen, this is still open desert and there are those hazards even being so close to shopping centers and neighborhoods.  You may encounter a rattlesnake or a coyote as hikers and bikers frequently see them!I hope that you get a chance to come check out this little oasis of trails in Northwest Phoenix when you get a chance, I think you will be quite surprised at the beautiful views and the amount of trails choices that you have.I love this park and will do my best as a frequent user to keep it clean, so others can enjoy it as much as I have!Come check it out!
5	One of my new favorite places. To be on top amd enjoy the view was spectacular.  Glad the furloughs couldn't shut this place down. Very achievable hike and amazingly beautiful at the summit.
4	Absolutely love this trail. Now that it finally cooled down I think I may hiking now :-)
5	Whatever kind of trail you like, it's here. While everyone else is crowding Piestewa and Echo Canyon and North Mountain, you have plenty of parking and your choice of straight up, level elevation or anything in between hikes. There are a few ramadas for hanging out, which makes the weekends busier with more than just hikers. The trails are pretty well maintained and mostly free of litter. You'll see lots of cacti, chaparral and some snakes, lizards and lots of dogs on leashes. Arrowhead Point or Sunrise Trail will take you up so you can see from Univ of Phoenix Stadium to downtown Phoenix. One of the few hikes south of the Rim in AZ which afford you a water view- thanks to my neighbors down in Arrowhead Lakes.  I'd like to get a better pair of hiking shoes and take on some of the steeper trails from time to time. As always- bring plenty of water (some of the round trips on the roundabout trails will cover over 3 miles) and dress in layers if it is cool out.
3	Its a good hike, frankly too easy for me. Plenty of trails to choose from which is nice. Especially since some trails blend together. I would do it again, just with added weights for more of a challenge. It is just each to their own!
4	Enjoyed my hike on H-3.  It's 3 miles long and, I believe, you gain elevation of about 630 feet.  I didn't think it would be as much of a challenge as it was since I often see families walking the trails when I drive by.  I was quite surprised to see the number of children hiking this trail, and doing well!  Start-em young!The view is all residential but you can see about 23 miles away!I did see a couple of lizards while hiking but no other wildlife.  Easy parking and free.
5	My absolute favorite place to hike! I gained a love for hiking because of this park. I've found that (during the winter months) it's pretty crowded around 4pm when people are getting off work. Go super early or about an hour before the gates close for the least amount of people.
4	I've been here probably a hundred times, but never thought of reviewing it?!? Anyways, I do enjoying coming to Thunderbird Park. It's a very nice and well maintained park with gradual inclines. I call it a training hike, to set someone to the point where they are hiking other mountains like Camelback.I actually come up here quite often, probably because I live within a mile, but I find myself doing the peak on the east side of 59th ave. it's only 450ft in night, but it can still get me out of breath. A good 2 mile up and down. If I'm feeling like it I'll also hit the peak on the west side of 59th ave. total with both hikes is about 5-6 miles. A good nice workout.  Good views of the west valley and good to come up for a sunset. Overall the park is real clean and lots of parking. Just make sure you hide your valuables or better yet leave them at home. There had been several reported break ins here in cars looking for purses and backpacks, so be careful. It don't stop me because I don't leave anything in my car so I will continue to hike here.
5	I used to hike a LOT, and had stopped for a year or so. I finally picked back up again this February, and this is my go-to park. I've done the trail on the South side of Pinnacle Peak Rd so many times, it's no Camelback, but it's a good workout. During the cooler months you'll want to get there pretty early, I always try and go at sunrise and by the time I'm done at 7:30 or so the parking lot is nearly full. The views to the north when you're on the cholla loop trail (on the north side of Pinnacle Peak) are really amazing in the early morning, it feels like you can see forever, and if you're there at the right time you can watch the hot air balloons rise up. I think the most I've seen was 10. They were really pretty. One piece of advice, if you ARE going to do the Cholla Loop trail, take the trail that would be heading towards what they're now calling Coachwhip/Arrowhead Point, but instead of going to the left, take a right and then go down to the pedestrian bridge and cross the road that way. People coming down 59th ave to turn right onto Pinnacle Peak are kind of crazy, and they do have a sign that says that they don't stop, I've nearly been mowed down by people as I'm crossing on a green light (I'm not sure where they're in such a hurry to go at 6am on a Saturday, but whatever). They are also currently doing some work around the parking lot...Maybe making it bigger?
4	I've been coming here for 4 years now and what I continually love about it is that it's rarely crowded, there's plenty of parking, the views are wonderful, and there's a variety of levels of difficulty and lengths to choose from when it comes to the hikes themselves. If you're at the main entrance (going North on 59th Ave on the left there will be a sign saying Thunderbird Park, right after you pass Deer Valley), the West mountain is the shortest, it's a 30 minute hike, the North West mountain is a hour and 30 minute hike and the East mountain, my favorite, is a hour hike. Have fun, and bring water. I advise to go with someone during sunset or sunrise, it's more enjoyable that way. :)
5	Fantastic outdoor park with trails Fitness areas and different levels of trails that could accommodate the rugged steep climb or the marginal climb around the hills. Great views, clean area, lots of outdoor trails great for hiking, biking , dogs, families and all fun.
4	Like hiking this trail alot. It has multiple trails that vary on how hard they are. I have done most all of them and it is a good workout. The view is awesome at the top, especially if you're up there at sunset!
5	I absolutely love these hiking trails.If you're like me, I have a hard time getting motivated to exercise, but I love it here.  (It definitely helps that I can walk to any of the trails from my house.) There are quite a few options and different difficulty levels.  During the cooler months the mountains will be full of people (Watch out for January 1st; everyone and their mother is there). The summer months can still be busy considering how hot it is. You just have to pick the trails that offer some shade, and when the sun isn't blasting you it makes for an enjoyable hike.The parking isn't terrible, but I still prefer to walk to any of the trails. As always be careful when hiking, some of the trails will get a little slick after the rains. I know I will continue to hike here as long as I can!
5	Love the trail: the variety, the views, how clean and up kept the park is! It's my favorite place to hike!
1	A WARNING to all:After hiking this trail last week my car as well as another car in the nearby vicinity had the windows busted out and shattered and all valuables inside were taken (purses, wallet, keys, etc). Both myself and the other person had our purses hidden underneath the back seat and there was dark tinting on both of our windows. The police officer that came to take the report and dust for possible fingerprints said this is a pretty common occurrence there and that with the weather cooling off they knew it would only be a matter of time until it started happening again. He said they've bought a drone to monitor the area but it's still in testing phases. It's really a shame that this happened because this trail was one of my favorites but I'm extremely hesitant to return since the incident. I'm trying to go to places like Pinnacle Peak now instead because they at least have a trailhead office near the parking lot that's staffed and that alone would help to detour vandalism, thefts, or break-in's. Like I said, it's an awesome trail but knowing this kind of thing was a pretty common occurrence would have definitely made me either go somewhere different (that's staffed) or bring absolutely nothing in my vehicle.
4	Parking was a little crowded, but spots opened up frequently. Bathroom was out of soap, but had TP and running water! View was amazing, super windy today which made it dusty, but still a very enjoyable easy hike!
4	A moderate hike for those seeking an easier way to see the views of the city. Multiple paths allow for hours of exploration.
