4	The Water of Leith is one of Edinburgh's gems! Running from the Pentland Hills, right through the city to the Firth of Forth, the river slithers through many parts of the city including Gorgie, Slateford, Stockbridge and finally, Leith. Once used to power the old shipping and paper industries of Leith, the water is now used as a place to relax and enjoy! The river is a marvel when the sun is bouncing off it, and furthermore it is a place of life! It is home to many birds and insects, and even fish (very typical for a river, but not so much for a river in the middle of the city!). The water of Leith adds so much to the city, and it even has a visitor centre, located in the south of the city. The river is looked after by the local conversation trust, and hats off to them, because they help keep this gem what it is...one of Edinburgh's main features!
5	An Edinburgh attraction that gets an instant plus point for being far more popular among locals than tourists, The Water of Leith is a meandering, scenic waterway that travels through much of the city, It's great for a stroll and at certain parts you can even get so lost in it's sea of tranquility that you forget you're only yards from a bustling, pollution ravaged city.Beautiful.
5	If you want to change the way you look at Edinburgh, take a walk along the Leith walkway.It's an absolutely gorgeous scenic route right through the heart of Edinburgh. Unlike the film depictions and misconceptions, you'll find yourself surprised and quite taken with the beautiful area, and seeing a side of Leith that you may never have seen before.The walkway itself is picturesque, and since it's full of friendly dog walkers whenever I take a stroll , I feel quite safe walking along it by myself. I love diving out the city for a while into a calm, tranquil wonderland of green and grey-blue. For that it can't be beat. Definitely one of the best alternative ways to see virtually undiscovered parts of the city.
4	If you go down to the woods today, you're sure for a big surprise. Ok, so the Water of Leith isn't exactly "the woods" and there are no bears hiding here. But once you're strolling by the river, with greenery all around, you feel as though you're miles away from the city. And there are actually some wonderful hidden gems along the way.The Water of Leith walkway is 35km long. That's really quite long. But there are many, many entrance and exit points. I started on the Walkway at Dean Village (which is in itself a glorious, old-town charm spot) and came out at the Leith Docks. It was a lovely amble, that took a few hours, and along the way we passed some monuments, cyclists, joggers, a very excited dog and his stick. We walked through tunnels of trees with branches and leaves so thick you couldn't see the sky (so it really did feel like "the woods") and we side-tracked through parts of the streets, to be taken back onto the path again. I admit, that was confusing. At times you need to leave the walkway by the river and cut out onto the streets again, through one or two areas that felt a bit...unsafe...and then were back on the path again. But it was hassle free and not too confusing when you realised what was happening.For a pre-brunch Sunday afternoon stroll or bikeride  this walkway is ideal. There are also fishing spots, a tourist centre, conservation activity and, as the piste de resistence, the Antony Gormley artwork that provides a "where's wally?" guessing game for fun along the way. There are several metal-cast statues of Antony Gormley scattered along one part of the walkway. We only spotted 3 but apparently there are 6. Let me know if you see more!
5	Just go walk down it. You'll see.
5	Why did I wait so long to write this review.. I don't know. I haven't walked the breath of this wonderful piece of nature and urban mix, but I sure have walked it many times!It is difficult to add what has already been said by my fellow Yelpers over the years and i will only try to describe the effect that WoL has on myself. It helps me escape the city. I even can get as far to state that it sometimes helps me forget what decade (century) we are currently in. Walking here on a quiet evening or early morning gives you the impression of a time warp. (without pulling you knees in tight..). I tend to imagine what it would be like walking here in more historical times and you know what - it works. The bridges, the nature, the buildings and sometimes even the people you encounter - they bring up images of a long forgotten past. The walk may be the same distance or on the same location, but the images and experiences it evokes differ every time. They are improving the waterway and building flood defences on several parts of the water.  Animals can be found here like fish, storks, otters and many birds and butterflies. Oh and mosquito's.. or worse midges.. But that doesn't happen often and hey.. it's nature. I can easily imagine that people have made part of Water of Leith their own. I tend to prefer the Shore to Stockbridge - as I am most familiar with it. One time Anita & I walked home from the Stockbridge back to the shore  start on sunset and dusk with an orange & pink sky. The silhouetted trees, the blackbird and owls and the sheer emptiness transported us into a world of our own and it was one of the most romantic and personal bubble walks I have ever had. *deep sigh*
