5	No complaints here! Papa John's is one chain I can agree with. Their pizza in my experience has always been fresh, delicious, and satisfying. The service at this location was a little slow, probably due to the high volume of orders. It was Customer Appreciation Day after all, which means a large one-topping pizza for 5 bucks! So, the long line was to be expected.
5	I drive a little out of my way to go to this location since they are open later for carryout than the Papa John's closest to me. After my first visit to this location I was called and given a free promotion for my next order which was great. Also, the manager TJ is very friendly!
3	Pretty good for a pizza delivery place.  They're usually pretty quick with the delivery and my order is always correct.
1	Very poor. Ordered 1 pizza at 18:20, email received indicating that the pizza would be delivered in 30 - 40 minutes.  At 45 minutes, telephoned the store and was told sorry, internet timing was incorrect, actual wait time would be 45 - 60 mins.  Told it's the next pizza to be delivered, should be 5 - 10 mins.  At least 15 - 20 mins. later, pizza finally arrived.  No apology, nothing.So, from being 30 - 40 mins., pizza actually arrived in 60 - 70 mins.Apparently you're required to award 1 star... which in this case is 1 star too many.
3	if you are looking for a pizza better then Pizza hut or Little caesers then this is your place...not much of a compliment but the pizza here is pretty ho-hum...
4	I love their spinach and artichoke pizza! They're a little pricier than some of their competitors, but otherwise they're good. I would give 5 stars is they had stuffed crust!As for the other reviews - I've used the Papa John's app to order from this location and have never had any issues with my credit card being charged twice.
1	Bad service .. Called to place a delivery and i called the wrong location .. They gave me the phone number for the closes store nearest me .. Only they said it so fast that no one could possibly remember .. I ask for it again and they hung up on me .. What a jerk
2	Dear, anyone ordering delivery pizza with extra garlic sauce pods from this location...don't count on it! We have ordered from here many times because we love PJ pizza. Unfortunately, every time we ask for / pay for extra garlic sauce pods with our delivery order, the extra sauce NEVER comes!!! It is so frustrating and disappointing!! And if you call to alert them of their mistake, they say there is nothing they can do about it unless you want to come to their location to pick it up. Why do you think we ordered delivery!!?? The pizza seems to always turn out fine but if you have any extra requests for your order, you can almost count on that your pizza wishes will not come true.
