4	I'm not a big fan of delis.  Cold cut sandwiches sound so boring to me because they're something I can make at home and usually bring to work for lunch.  So to go out for lunch at work and pay more to get the same thing is very unappealing.Tagging along for lunch one day, though, I went to McAlister's Deli.  I was very impressed (and overwhelmed) by their menu.  Not only were there cold cut sandwiches, there were hot sandwiches, salads, soups, and baked potato options, as well as full-on hot comfort food entrees like meatloaf and roast beast with gravy.  I loved seeing the corned beef and pastrami on the menu.  Mmm...  A lot of sub/sandwich shops don't carry those two meats, preferring to stick with "the basics."  I went with the Muffaletta, though, because it's fun to say and sounded yummy.  Half Muff, please!   We returned on another occasion and I wanted something fairly light, but it was also a chilly day.  The soup and salad combo did the trick.  I was one happy boy.  The entrees are good-sized and there is plenty of seating so customers aren't all on top of one another.  Your party can have a little privacy and enjoy their lunches in peace with the help of half-wall room dividers.
3	Good place with a lot of options for lunch.  You can even customize your sandwich here if you aren't feeling up to their many sandwich options.I think all McAlister's feel a bit the same... you get "herded" to the back of the location to a bank of registers to order.  The staff at most of these locations are pretty friendly and helpful... sometimes you feel a little rushed if the line is starting to build and they try to get you through.  You are given a number to place on the table and the bring out the food to you nice a hot/fresh.This location offers free wi-fi but I haven't brought my computer to test it out yet.  I've seen people working or meeting with laptops here.The thing I HATE about this location in the university area is the parking lot.  It is impossible to get in and out easily and the spaces are all for compact cars, which makes for some interesting parking lot stories and near misses.
4	McAlister's is a great place to go when you want a reuben or other deli sandwich. And of course, their tea is pretty good as well. Servers are attentive when they have time (i.e. non-lunch hour rush) and allways ask if you need anything.
1	Probably the driest and most tasteless chicken salad I've had in a long time. Our other sandwiches were just as disappointing. Just another chain food restaurant. I long for a real deli in Charlotte!
4	Surprisingly, the chocolate chip cookie was delicious!Grilled Chicken Salad - good enoughSpud Max - great! I would definitely get this again.  The Spud Max includes: bacon, cheddar cheese, scallions, and ham.  Add sour cream, and I am in heaven!
3	McAlisters deli is, overall, a decent restaurant. It has a pretty diverse menu and has some real quality food. Speaking from experience, the salads and panini's are very delectable.Decent for lunch trips. I limit myself as I wouldn't frequent the establishment for dinner. My opinion is such that it doesn't have the dinner atmosphere. The atmosphere, particularly at this location, is of a casual sandwhich-shop type and has a good amount of space so that even on a busy lunch hour there is always adequate seating, both indoor and outdoor. Service is generally quick, again, even with a crowd. I have no complaints about Mcalisters other than it feels a bit overpriced. As casual as the business is, its my opinion that spending over $10 for a lunch can be better spent elsewhere- i.e. another sit-down restaurant with tip included. Unfortunately, I am also a picky eater when it comes to quality vs. cost, so for the money, it usually has to be justified.
3	Stopped in today and they were very busy. Surprisingly, we ordered and had our food much faster than I expected. The New Yorker (Pastrami, Corned Beef, Swiss and Spicy Brown) was better than I expected. My partner had a BLT, which she seemed to really enjoy. The price wasn't terrible for what you got. All in all, I'd eat here again. The menu was diverse and I could probably eat there once a week for 6 months and have something different each time...
1	Not impressed at all
5	They have  improved quite a bit  management had  stepped up the pace more hands on Custer service was excellent!!!
4	Another place with kids night were kids eat free. On days when I don't want to cook and with 2 kids these are my spots. For a special event on a Tuesday night the restaurant wasn't that crowded. There was maybe three other patrons sitting down. We were able to get an order for really quickly and sit down. Even though we were in quickly the order takers demeanor was not very friendly. Not once did we get a smile or a do you need anything else. And I'm a big proponent on service, being friendly is part of service or at least good service. Now going back to the fact that there weren't very many patrons in the restaurant, I would have thought we would have got our food within 15 minutes or less.  We just ordered sandwiches and a salad. We were sitting for at least 30 minutes before our food came. And when did we still had to follow up to get a napkins. Really napkins that should be standard.Food quality was decent the kids meals were the best,  grilled cheese sandwich and peanut butter and jelly. I do love the fact that all kids meals come with a side as well as a treat which is usually graham crackers. So the kids are usually gone definitely be satisfied. Regarding the restaurant it's a great place to come with a large crowd because it's extremely spacious. When you go in there you definitely don't have to crawl over people because you can spread out a little. I like having a little bit of elbow room.I would definitely visit again.
2	Food was meh, nothing special. I was disappointed in the service since the girl at the counter had no idea the ingredients of any of the soups (which was listed on the menu I later found out). Tables were all dirty and the drink station was sticky and not very sanitary.
1	Me & some friends came here for lunch but an hour pass by & we never received our food... we end up leaving because our lunch time was over... never coming back to this restaurant
5	I guess this place has been around a long time but my husband and I just discovered it! And what a discovery!! It's like Panera Bread, only MUCH, MUCH BETTER!! (Panera doesn't have yummy baked potatoes!) Also, management was VERY friendly and generous. I asked for a pickle and he brought me a whole plateful and didn't charge me for them! And their pickles are delicious!! We've gone here a few times, and each time I've ordered something different and have NEVER been disappointed!
4	Great service. The staff are sweet and helpful. The food is fresh and diverse so you can bring your picky friends if you like.
