5	zOMG!  Swedish fish italian ice with vanilla custard!  go now!
4	I got the most incredible ice cream headache on this day, haven't had one like that in years. Easy stop to make on the way home and had this ingenious tasty treat called a Gelati, which is the your desired flavor of italian ice with a squirt of custard. That is a great combo, and by the way did I mention I love custard? I'm from Wisconsin Ya know! I guess I wish they had more flavors of custard but I'll take what I can get in this land of no frozen custard.
1	Sadly, the quality of the ice has gone way down. I ordered  lemon ice. It was more like icey old water. Nary a bit of lemon to it. I hope it was a fluke bc I have previously loved Rita's.
5	Go. Now.Seriously. I can't eat ice cream, but for some reason, I can eat custard (and man oh man is this some damn good custard). I like the staff. They are mostly young kids, but they seem to really like working there, and they do a great job. I know it's frozen snacks, not rocket science, but nothing is ever sloppy or skimpy, it's always just perfect. I like that they will let you sample a taste of whatever flavor you want to try. They have a pretty great variety and everything I've tried tastes just like you would hope. My two favorite flavors are the Juicy Pear and the Georgia Peach. They taste so true to the name it's ridiculous. I always go for the regular sized Gelati (custard, Italian ice, and more custard) and my boyfriend changes it up. We have never had anything we didn't like. Service is super fast too! Again, I know this isn't something complicated, but when there's a whole softball team ahead of you and you still have your treat in hand in a few minutes, hey, that's impressive. Prices are good too, 2 people can make it under $8 easily and the quality is off the charts.
4	Ok so I imagine it's pretty hard to mess up custard and flavored ice but Rita's does it pretty nice! Variety of tasty flavors of ice with delicious creamy custard. I highly recommend the Gelati. It's the best of both worlds - custard and ice. The Blendini was a major rip off, was expensive and the cup only 2/3 full. I love Rita's!
1	If you feel like waiting a ridiculous amount of time (and no, there was no line - at all) and being asked multiple times what it is that you ordered again then this is your place.
5	Rita's redeemed themselves on their Blendini tonight when I ordered it with vanilla custard, pumpkin ice and vanilla wafers. It was delicious if you like anything pumpkin like I do! It's comparable to the Dairy Queen Pumpkin Pie Blizzard but is different and good on it's own way. I will definitely return for another one of these!
5	I am a huge fan of the Mistook Shake. The richness of the custard they use can be a little alarming if you are used to only eating soft serve so I would recommend starting with a shake and moving on to other things. They also have seasonally appropriate ice flavors that change periodically. Always like to try something new.
