4	Great food! Homemade potato chips r awesome. Good prices. Not the best place to watch football though or any game. TV's are way to small.
4	This is a great locals place.  Super friendly service.  Good food at a reasonable price.  Lots of fun and a great atmosphere.  Only down side is though as a non-smoker, it's not smoke free in the dining area, but hey, that's what the patrons want, so, so be it.It's a casual atmosphere, clean and safe, a step above a dive bar, but it has that warm friendly feeling that dive bars sometimes have. I was very happy my buddy suggested this place.  I definitively will return.
4	Good food, reasonable prices, incredibly friendly service, and quick! Our server was Cheryl and she was amazing and tons of fun, joking with us and laughing. And the homemade potato chips are awesome! Highly recommended.
5	My first visit to this delightful "off the beaten path" restaurant and lounge occurred on Friday, January 23, 2013 at 1:36 PM.  I was lucky to have TWO servers (Lisa and Cheryl) seeing to my needs and the chef prepared one of the best tuna salads I've ever had.I have been back a few times and have also met terrific barmaids Nichole and Kim, as well as another fantastic cook, "short & sassy" CANDI.  You will like all of them, too!I kind of "over expected" when I entered this place, because I was a regular Monday night diner at the Blue Ox location on West Sahara @ Jones, so I'm used to receiving nothing but the best in food and service.  So naturally, I asked myself, "Will this location be as terrific as the other one?"It turned out that it was, indeed.  The food was wonderful and the service was excellent.My fascination with this place is because of the fact that I attended college at the University of Minnesota (Twin Cities campus) and resided in Minneapolis from 1969-70, then lived in Saint Paul during 1973.  While there, I learned that the folks in (and from) Minnesota are among the friendliest people on Planet Earth and they KNOW how to make you feel very welcome in their establishments.It's my belief that if you visit this fine dining location once, you'll want to become a regular.
3	Descent hole in the wall local's bar.
4	Doesn't look like much, but the food is excellent, and the service is top notch. Try the "quesos."
5	I'm a recent transplant (July 2013)  from Minnesota to Laughlin, NV. On a day trip to Vegas for appointments and what not, we decided to stop in here to check out how Minnesota it really is. Let me tell you.. It felt as though I stepped out of the desert, and right into a small town Minnesota bar. Being that I've only been out of Minnesota a few months, I literally wanted to cry walking in there.  The first words out of my mouth were.. "I'm home."  It's just like walking into Matt's bar on cedar ave in Minneapolis.. Or Lee's Liquor Lounge in Downtown. Or Robs on Knife Lake north of Mora, MN. Everything from the wood paneling on the walls, to the Norseman head (Vikings head) on the walls, to the framed Minneapolis Star Tribune papers, to the poster of Kirby Puckett and the old team photos of the Vikings, complete with a young Wade Wilson, and Archie (Papa Bear) Manning nearing the end of his career. It all screams Minnesota.. One of the first times I've truly felt at home in this desert. Right down to the bartender Steve.. Who is a Minnesota native, and a very attentive and nice guy. He never let my beer, or my girls drink go empty. Although a little disappointed that I wasn't able to get Grain Belt Premium, an iconic Minnesota beer. But what can I expect here in the desert?  Grain Belt or no Grain Belt.. This place is Minnesota through and through.. And we're already planning on going back to check out the other 2 locations, Including a trip to see my Vikings play the Packers. In about a month. Did not try the food, but I'm looking forward to it as it looks like classic Minnesota bar food. Thank you again Blue Ox!  You made this transplanted Minnesotan feel at home for the first time since I've been here!!  You betcha!
5	For a local pub and bar restaurant,  this place is awesome. It had that typical local feel. Been going to this place for at least 20 years. Go at least once a week. The staff is great. They actually talk with their customers. Heck the cooks come out and ask how the food was. Now the food.  This is a bar so don't expect top line grub.  But it is good food. My favorites are the mushroom burger, so messy and sinful.  Next the "Kirby Puckett" sandwich is the bomb. A bit more on the roast beef would be good considering the price. The fish and chips is not bad for bar foods fish. The best is the chicken fingers. Huge size, not over breaded.Hats of to Steve one of the bartenders. He's been there for years and is the only person what can make a Brandy old fashioned for my mom the way she likes it.
5	Came here  with my classmate to celebrate after graduating.I had the famous chicken tenders and I have to say they were the best.I cannot remember the waitress name to save my life but she was awesome. I would recommend this place for the food and for someone who isn't into the party scene and just want to mingle with a older crowd.
5	I don't know how it took me so long to try this place. It's literally walking distance from my house. In any case, I finally did. And here's what's up. The theme is Minnesota. The staff are super warm and friendly. The service is great. The customers all seem to be friends. It's just comfy and the burgers are probably the best I've ever had. I actually had two of them this week. That's more red meat than I usually eat in 2 MONTHS. I just...couldn't help myself. These are PERFECT hamburgers. I honestly would be ok going there EVERY DAY. It just feels like my little local. I feel lucky to have it so close to me.
5	This is my new favorite place! Probably the best chicken fingers I have ever had! and our server was fabulous! (I didn't catch her name but she was an older gal with light blonde hair)
5	This is my secret spot in Vegas... It was shown to me when I first moved here... BEST grub in town... Sweet staff. I come here to avoid the usual Vegas crap hahaha.
5	Great people, great customer service. The tempura chicken strips (Lotsa) chicken strips are really good with the homemade potato chips! Def Suggest to check it out!
5	I have finally found a 24 hour spot on my side of town that is BOTH inexpensive and delicious!!!  Finally! But now I'm just mad that I never tried it earlier especially since I've always wondered about it everytime I drove by! Soo I had this preconceived notion by looking at the complex that it would be maybe musky or smelling heavily of smoke and it was not at all! You can tell it is very clean with no smell at all! There are also many seats at the bar and many booths for eating. Onto the food! The menu was pretty expansive for being all offered 24 hours except one page of breakfast. My boyfriend ordered the Western Bacon Cheeseburger and it was delicious! It looks a lot smaller in the picture I took than it actually is in person because it had some height! They cooked it perfectly to what he asked, medium rare and was very fresh and  seasoned correctly. I ordered the Reuben and omg I think I had a record breaking time for basically inhaling it lol lots of meat and perfect amount of sourness and thousand island. The rye bread was amazing as well. I could definitely crave both of these! And now let's add homemade potato chips and then make the total $16.30. That's just crazy. I am already in love with this place and am excited to try all the specials and other menu items!! Definitely a regular from now on!
4	Are you open 24 hours?  Wow chicken and home made potato chips was excellent at 3am.  Now I know where to go in late night to have a meal!
4	Nice local hang out... Being here for only 6-9 months while we build a Cheesecake Factory we love to find a local spot... This one fits the bill of these two Phoenix transplants.. this dive bar has food to make this personal chef happy... Try the shrimp cocktail.. and a French Dip that makes Phil happy.. also try the chicken tenders.. homemade chips..
5	The food is always consistently good. The chicken fingers are to die for. Never seen them at any other location anywhere. Wait staff and bartenders are very friendly. Even the chef steps out to say hi! Definitely a great neighborhood place to visit.
