5	Great shop, great prices. The owner Ben and his manager Chris are extremely knowledgeable and more than willing to help out with anything. They will even drill out air holes in the tanks for you. Great juice selection as well. One of my favorite things is about this place is the ambience. There is very nice Asian inspired art everywhere and has a very "Zen" feel to it. I would highly recommend this vape shop to anyone.
5	These guys know their stuff! Super friendly and willing to help. They will teach you how to rebuild atty's or just get you started if you are new to vaping. They are the only store in the valley that has Walking Dead juice-which is amazing. They also carry like 20 Puff juice flavors. Always have great deals on mods and batteries. All in all my favorite vape shop around. Seriously need to check it out!
5	Super friendly guys in this shop who really know their products!  The selection of liquids and equipment is excellent.  Great place for new or seasoned vapers to buy products at fair pricing. I find myself hanging out for awhile each time I go in. It doesn't hurt that the guys are cute--just sayin! ;)
5	Amazingly nice staff. Super helpful and super friendly. And they know their products very well. Will come back again!!!!!
5	This place exceeded my expectations. Ben and Chris are one the most helpful people ive ever seen in a vape shop. They gave me honest answers for any question I had. These guys definitely know their stuff. I never felt any pressure to buy anything. I was amazed how good their Walking Dead juice line was. Wish I could give this place more than 5 stars.
5	This place is awesome. Employees are knowledgeable and friendly.  Prices are the best around. I recommend this shop to everyone.
5	I love this place. I am not very knowledgeable with vaping, but these guys will always go the extra mile to make sure you're getting the best deal. I've come in multiple times with questions and they've always been super helpful. I cannot say enough good things about Fine Vapors.
5	Amazing and helpful guys!!  Always to that extra mile to make sure that I am satisfied with my purchase!!!!  Good juice selection and great prices!!  Highly recommend!!
