5	I've eaten here a few times over the past month, and I have to say each new item I try is my new favorite.  This place does what Mexican restaurants I grew up eating at growing up did - unpretentious, high quality honest food.  Finding the place isn't the easiest as they are literally tucked in between a sandwich shop and animal hospital, totally invisible from Scottsdale road because of the Denny's out front, but once you've found it, you don't want to go to any other "taco shop."I've tried a few different taco's, next on my list is their fried fish, can't wait.  Their carnita's they crisp up a portion when your order it, so it's a bit crispy.  Today I had something I know I'll order again; shrimp fajita burrito, enchilada style with green sauce.  To Die 4!  I've spread the word at my work as well about their very reasonable catering as we've become tired of the sandwich and pizza staples in the area.  Check this place out, support your true local mom & pops over the other chain "taco shop" in the area, you will not be disappointed.
5	Very tasty and quick Mexican food. I've been here a couple times now and everything I've tried has been very good. The Kayla's breakfast is delicious, as are the carne asada tacos and blackened fish tacos.
2	Curiously flavorless food. Music is apparently kept at a loud volume to cover the sound of the droning fans in the kitchen area. Liquor in house margarita may have been measured in an eye dropper. Dining room is functional, but far from comfortable. Those giving this place five stars really should get out more.
5	Yea, this Habanero's is just as good, if not better than the original. Get the fajita dish, it's so FRESH!
4	Service is authentically welcoming. Food is authentically fantabulous! Oh, this place has some good vibes! There seemed to be a good amount of "regulars" which is always a good sign, especially with larger-sized familes in this economy. I had the blackened chicken nachos (okay, half an order and wish I had been with someone to share the huge portion). There was tons of chicken, fresh chopped guacamole, plus all the other yummy fixin's one would expect to find. Wash down with a fountain drink, bottled beer, or house margarita and it makes for a tasty treat!I think I'll go back next weekend to try the breakfast menu - ole!
1	Called in our order, went to pick it up and presented a 20% off coupon I received in the mail.  A male employee started speaking to the cashier in Spanish about the coupon for quite a while.  She very meekly pointed out to me a letter they had printed up and put on the register that the coupon was dine in only, however, the coupon didn't state that on it.  So, obviously they were losing money on the deal (the place was totally empty at dinner time), and decided to change their policy AFTER the coupon was sent out.  I was also offended that the cashier and this other person were speaking about me and my transaction in Spanish in an attempt to hide what they were saying, not sure what the big deal even was, just tell me the coupon is dine in only and leave it at that.  And, after all that, the food was very mediocre, not worth the price.  My daughter wouldn't even eat her food.  We won't be back and I'll make sure to spread the word!
4	Authentic Taste. Authentic Kitchen Style. Refried black beans taste like my mom's. Delicious. Flavorful. More flavor than a typical 'Mexican' restaurant but without that heavy heavy feeling. Only drawback for one in a rush is the cook time. Worth the wait though! Price is a deal for the result.
5	I have been eating here frequently for about 3 months. I get the blackened chicken tacos. They are amazing! Everything else looks good also, but I just haven't gotten sick of the blackened chicken tacos yet! Delicious and seems healthy too!
5	I found this place several months ago, and have been back every week since.  The best part is the freshness of the food.  When you order anything, it goes on the grill, which is essentially located within the dining area.  You can see everything that goes in to making your order.  I have tried just about everything, and can highly recommend the blackened fish, carnitas, and ground beef.  Whether it's in a taco, burrito or nachos.  The ground beef is surprisingly awesome.  Not your typical 'wet' ground beef.  They dry-flavor the hamburger, then grill it.  Best I have ever had.  I still need to try the blackened chicken, but having a hard time ordering something new!  Oh yeah, they make a fantastic breakfast burrito too.
4	I entered the empty (5pm) restaurant and ordered a blackened chicken burrito. I very much enjoyed the burrito and the hot (habenero) sauce I was able to pour over my burrito. Amazingly spicy but a delicious flavor!
3	Hit or miss. Nice place to catch a quick bite.
4	The best Chili releno ever!  We will be back!
5	I've been here twice. Both times I recieved very tasty food, friendly, attentive service, in a clean dining room. There was no waiting, and the prices are a bargain.  -- I recommend it!
5	Love the Lobster enchiladas; not on the menu, special item usually Saturdays. The flan is excellent. Family run business, very friendly people. Recipes have been handed down for generations.
5	Amazing food! Eat here once to twice a week. Best deal in Scottsdale for Mexican food.
5	Very good, fresh, authentic food that is prepard and served by a really nice family. This place is very informal. Exactly what I don't expect in Scottsdale. Bonus: All beers on tap are Mexican.
5	Incredible authentic tacos. Incredibly fresh and homemade ingredients. Their calamari and blackened tacos keep me coming back week after week. Also, very friendly service. I showed up 10 minutes after their posted closing time on a Sunday and they fired up the grill again to make me some take-out tacos.
5	We have found one the best Mexican food restaurants in Arizona!  It has such a great mix of choices on their menu and the food is always fresh and made to order!   I love their cheese enchiladas because they are made on the spot instead of in mass quantities which have been sitting around all day.  The staff are incredibly friendly and remember you and your name and your order within a couple of visits.  We like to order take-out from them and it is always fresh, hot and ready when they say it will.   And our requests for multiple orders are always correct!  That is hard to find these days.   Give them a try - I doubt you will be disappointed.
4	First time there.  Food was tasty, though portions a bit small and very reasonable prices.  Friendly service and nice seeing them busy.  Will definitely go back again.
4	Not your regular mex fare, super tasty, perfectly chilled beer and great service. The blackened shrimp enchilada was excellent. Highly recommended, we'll be returning soon.
5	Awesome food, staff is great, prices you can't beat! Definitely try the quesadillas!
5	So here for lunch. So delicious . I had the blackened chicken and carne asada tacos . They were a bit spicy and cooked to order. Decided to have a corona to accompany my meal. Staff were great very friendly and helpful. Definitely coming back with my family!
4	We came expecting a slightly more formal restaurant, but this casual set up worked for us too. They have a bar area that had more patrons at it then were sitting at the tables for food. They did not have to twist our arm to get us to try their margarita drink special. The margaritas were pretty average but they were cheap so that is a win in my book!  The drinks worked well with the basket of chips and 3 salsas which were delivered to the table. One of the salsas was ridiculously mild, but the green and hotter red (habanero) were tasty. Our server did a great job keeping us topped off with the two salsas that we liked. We ordered the lobster enchiladas and the parilladas. The lobster enchilada was not overflowing with lobster but there was enough there to let it be known that it was  present. This was my first time having parilladas, which is essentially a mixed meat fajita with pan fries thrown in for good measure. Not a huge fan of the potato addition so I will opt for straight up fajitas in the future. Definitely a great choice for good food in an elevated fast food setting.
1	Just to start, I can not stand when establishments ask "would you like chips and salsa?" only to find that they are a charged menu item.  I understand it is only 1.29$ but that practice is extremely annoying.  Quesidilla= its melted cheese in a tortilla...not hard to mess up.Flautas = averageCarne Asada burrito = in the absolute top ten of the worst dishes I have EVER had in terms of mexican food.  The meat was the hardest, most difficult, leather-like cut I have had in years.  I couldn't eat it.  I know going into a mexican food place a 6.50$ burrito is a 6.50$ burrito.  However, after reading a majority of the reviews, I had seriously high hopes.
1	Breakfast burrito this morning was inedible. The potatoes were big and unweidly and sorely undercooked. Staff was not prepared for opening 30 minutes after opening time. The cashier was still moping the floor and the cook was in the back loafing and the chairs were still upside down on the tables. Ordered chicken breakfast burrito, but chicken was heavily spiced and poor quality today and the whole burrito was a hot mess. At 6 bucks, it was clearly a ripoff.
5	Great food. Reasonable prices. Very friendly. We were looking for a relatively quick lunch place and this hit the spot perfectly. We would definitely come back.
5	I finally found a taqueria in AZ!!! I'm from CA and had been having hardest time finding really good Mexican that wasn't gourmet or a chain restaurant. I'm sooo happy I finally found a place when I'm in the mood for Mexican Food!! Their guacamole is fresh with a hint of lime and the carne asada is delicious!! I can't wait to try their burritos!!
3	Super casual, more like a lunch spot or a place for a quick dinner. The food was good (nothing special) (had chips and chicken fajitas) but the service was very personable and prompt.
1	If you're looking for a Taco Bell like meal this is it... Only more expensiveChili Rellanos greasy limp lacking flavor...No blended frozen Margariras...Rice cold and  again no flavor....gacamole same no flavor....Not worth the $$Skip this restaurant Scottsdale has many more restaurants with a lot more going for them....
3	We tried Habaneros out a couple days ago. The staff is very friendly and the prices are spot on for the amount and type of food you get. The nachos are a great starter for the value. Lots of meat, beans, cheese and all the other fixings that nachos should have. The chicken fajitas were huge for $10. Not the best ones I've had considering there's no lettuce or tomato included, but not bad. Lots of peppers and onions. The carnitas burrito (enchilada style) is something I would definitely pass on. The meat was extremely bland and there wasn't any wet sauce that you could expect on an enchilada style burrito. I would give them a 3.5, but I'm rounding down because I'm not necessarily dying to go back. The quality just wasn't quite there, but at the price point it's still a value.
5	So Good!!! deliciously flavored Mexican food in North Scottsdale...a rare find. This place is right by the Gun Club lol.. anyways lets just say i called up in advance to pick up my order and glad I did so.. Ordered a carne asada burrito with a fried fish taco, along with 2 tostadas and the pork carnitas enchiladas for mom dukes. Everything had flavor and sauce was spicy not bland and mild like some places are in strip malls. The service was pleasant and very attentive to the customer didn't just eyeball me or stare when i asked for extra napkins lol. Ill continue to drop by... but won't eat here every week just due to my good health ha.5 STARS
4	If you want good Cali style taqueria food this is it!! Everything had good flavor! Rice, guacamole, blackened chicken tacos, surf & turf, and the salsas were all excellent! Good service and a casual, unpretentious atmosphere was also exactly what I was looking for.
4	Tried this place out for the first time food was awesome! I would definitely go back the only let down was the service was kind of crummy, there server did not seem like she wanted to be there... maybe it was an off night or something
4	Good food normally. I went with lobster taco special today - not so good. Barely any lobster there, loaded with guacamole. I think I'll stick to the ground beef and calamari tacos from now on. But you have to try new things every now and then, right?
3	Good food, horrible customer service. I have been to this place three time. The carne asada was a little tough to eat but the flavor was good. The cashier/waitress seems like she hates her job, she always has a horrible attitude.
5	Locally owned place with character. Good service. Excellent fish tacos and carne asada.
5	I absolutely love this place. The food is authentic, extremely fresh and homemade, including the salsas and pico de gallo. And it's relatively healthy--not greasy at all. Did I mention inexpensive? I paid $7.25 for a large shrimp fajita burrito. I'll be coming here on the regular! Really great service as well :)
5	I stop by here everytime I'm in Scottsdale. Guac is fantastic. I'm not a big chicken fan ( and it's always recommended to me) so the enchiladas and blackened shrimp are my go to. Atmosphere is nothing fancy, service has always been super friendly and fast. If only we could get rid of the styrofoam cups. I guess you could just order alcohol:)
1	One of my worst service experiences ever. Now I wasn't expecting a lot but...I sat for 15 minutes, nothing. Others were getting service.  So I went to counter. Took my order then served other tables...confusing. anyways I waited and waited for food. Nachos had no sour cream or cheese! They brought me sour cream but no cheese is chips not nachos.
4	Searched Yelp for a Mexican restaurant as we were driving. TheYelpers were spot on.  Two people for lunch and we shared the Parrillada for two, with shrimp.  Very tasty.  I had corn tortillas and the partner had wheat. Both were tasty. It is similar to fajitas but this was better.The steak, carnitas and chicken were good.  The chicken was the best of thethree. The chorizo was outstanding.  Even included onions and potatoes.I am from the east coast so not sure when I will get back.  But certainly will add it to my hit list. Lunch - no table service but they do come by often.  Dinner does have full table service.
5	I love this place. I come here with my family once but will come back. Thank you! I love it all. My sister ate a quesadilla for the first time in two years and she flipped. She was in Korea. We had one of the best waitresses also. I love it!
5	I went here with my brother, Riley H., and everything he said about me and Habaneros was true. The food was amazing and the waitress was the best we've had.
4	Doesn't look like much...being in a strip mall but the food is great. We arrived on a week night and there were plenty of seats. The service was good and the food was excellent. I ordered the chicken tacos and they were loaded with plenty of food. Real, authentic Mexican food and for the right price.
4	Because the sign said "cantina", we were expecting more of a restaurant and bar than a counter with tables. We walked in and thought, ok I guess we place our order at the cashier and then find a seat. But we were seated and given menus, though they were paper and all the other service items were paper/plastic except for my margarita glass. It felt odd because it was kind of trying to be a restaurant but only in certain ways. I guess I shouldn't complain because the prices were very reasonable. We had a nice waitress with good service. Overall the food was great! I wasn't that hungry but the blackened chicken tacos with a hard shell were awesome and could have eaten 5 or 6. If I could get specific with improvements, it would be to offer real plates and glasses for all table service, upgrade the paper napkins and menus and warm up the chips and offer them complimentary.
5	I love this joint. Odd place for a Mexican food restaurant but they make things fresh to order. Price is pretty good too. I will eat there anytime I am in the area. Especially the chorizo burrito.  YUM
2	After reading the reviews on yelp and then eating there I am losing my faith in the collective wisdom of yelp.First the chips and salsa; very bland and watered down salsa. Next the chille relleno; tasteless. I have had better tasting Mexican food in Berlin, Germany. Service was friendly and a good Margarita. Inecpensive as well.
1	I know that everyone has a difference in opinions--and this is mine:My husband and I ordered cheese enchiladas and flour tortilla hard shelled tacos. When the food came, it smelled like hay from inside a horse barn. Yes, I almost felt like I was at a 4-H grounds.It tasted just as bad. No flavor, other than the smell of the horse barn. YUCK!!! I took one bite and had to spit it out immediately! We ended up leaving without even eating and when the waitress asked if we liked it, I said, "no." I couldn't tell her it was the best I've had when the plates were still full. She proceeded to inform me that the reason we didn't like the food was because we didn't choose the right combo (example: soft/hard shelled, corn/flour tortilla). No, ma'am, the reason is because the meat was disgusting and the food belonged in a barn. I'm not quite sure what flavor people are used to, but trust me when I say you won't find ANY here! :/ I really wish I could give this place zero stars!!
4	This place was GOOD. The salsa was a little flavorless, but the chips were awesome, the tortillas were fresh and the blackened fish tacos were seriously delicious. The blackened fish was particularly spicy, but as long as I had a sip of water afterward, it didn't bother me too much (I'm a bit of a wimp when it comes to hot stuff). We will be visiting again. The staff was friendly and the restaurant was nice and clean. Big fan.
5	Came in because I was nearby that day for work. It was this or subway. Definitely got more than I expected! Service was great and good came super quick. I've had plenty of chicken burritos all over the southwest but the blackened chicken burrito here is the best I've ever had. Hands down. That thing made my day. A friend had the bean and cheese burrito and said the same thing. Give it a try if you're looking for some quick quality Mexican/ southwestern food
4	Really good tacos! Really bad margaritas! Just stick with the food and the beer. The calamari tacos are my favorite.
4	We're new to Scottsdale and have had difficulty finding mexican food that tastes authentic and isn't americanized-bland.I found Habanero's on Yelp, we tried it, and concur with the many positive reviews that this restaurant (and the one up near Airpark/Scottsdale) have received.  Very good Mexican food!  The restaurant is definitely fast-food oriented (rather than sit down and be waited on) and while we would prefer sit down and be waited on, we will gladly order at the counter to get good Mexican food.The food isn't bland and a little more zip can be added with some auxiliary spicy hot sauce.  We will definitely return to this place!
5	WAS WONDERFUL! Food was very fresh and had great taste! Just a hair more expensive than Chipotle but much much better! We will return
5	Yes! Don't let the location of a strip mall fool you. Very good Mexican food! The menu is not huge but what they do they do well. Try the blackened shrimp or fish tacos. Also the Jamaica juice was delish. It's a casual/simple restaurant with good fare!
4	Lobster tacos were a nice treat. Service friendly . Simple establishment with nice fresh food. Clean! I checked the chairs and floors. Would easily eat there again.  First impression not good as focus seems to be on alcohol with the big bar and all the booze on display. I was skeptical about ordering food but was pleasantly surprised!
5	I've been looking for a place like this up north for awhile. While I still hold a sweet place in my heart for first burrito (south Scottsdale), habanero's definitely hits the spot. Had lunch last week including a chicken fajita burrito with voids and guac. The chips and guac were tasty and fresh. The burrito was awesome, I'm talking better than chipotle awesome. Washed it all down with a cold negro modelo. If you're looking for a solid, quick and tasty Mexican meal, don't miss habanero's.Another yelp success!
3	Solid, but lacking that little something that could make a spot like this special.We started off with chips and salsa. Liked the multicolored chips, but they were a little stale and served cold. Made me a little sentimental about the chips at Blue Burrito which used to be located nearby. Served with green and red salsas that could be characterized as Scottsdale bland.We opted for a couple of tacos and a quesadilla. The blackened chicken quesadilla was definitely the highlight of the meal, but the tacos. a carne asada and a blackened chicken, were just average. Disappointing also in that my request for two types of tortillas was not honored. The whole wheat tortillas were thin and dry, good for me I suppose, but nothing special and not what I ordered. The chicken taco also had quite a runoff of mystery fluid that filled my basket, a major taco pet peeve of mine. I'd also appreciate easier access to some salsa to help doctor the tacos as needed, not just a bottle of pepper sauce on the table.No kids with us on this visit, but they do have chicken fingers ($4.99) and Cheese Quesadillas ($4.50) served with a choice of rice, beans or fries for children. No drink included.They also serve alcohol, with a happy hour from 3-6 p.m. weekdays. They serve domestic and imported beers, as well as a house margarita and other specialty drinks. Ordering can be a bit slow, as we fell in behind some carryout orders at the counter on this visit, but service is quick once an order is placed. The staff here is always nice. I suspect if I ate here more often my review would gradually become more glowing just because of their friendly attitude. I will definitely come back. Just not that often with so many other good Mexican grills and restaurants available in metro Phoenix.
5	I work right across the street from this place and it is one of the only places that I have not gotten sick of in the 3 years I have worked were I do.  Mind you they opened a little after I started work but the point is I could always eat at this place and enjoy the food.  I either order the blacken chicken burrito or the blacken chicken tacos.  They are always amazing, I would recommend these to people all the time.  Everyone I have gotten them for loves them.  The chorizo breakfast burritos are also really good.  They use fresh ingredients and make amazing food.  The owner is there all the time and a great guy as well.  If you have never eaten here I highly recommend it.
4	Family and I will come here about once a week. We've tried tacos, quesadilla, burritos and Fajitas. All delicious!Service is also good and pretty fast, making it an easy option.
5	Holy Guacamole batman that was a big surprise.  I don't do 5 star reviews much, but Habanero's gets one.  I had the lobster and blackened fish tacos and bravo well done, some of the best I've had.  I've eaten plenty of tacos from North to South and East to West and a few in Mexico.  I would add that it should come with guacamole, I had some ordered separately.    Fajitas were good as well.  Service was delightful.
3	I was excited for some tacos and realized I have over looked this place many times considering I live within walking distance.   I like that they have a bar and great Mexican beer selection along with fun Mexican sodas!I had the fish, calamari, and chicken tacos..... they were just okay. I was hoping for more flavor. They were good so I may go back, but I am an as satisfied as I hoped.
5	Five stars for it being my favorite Mexican restaurant in Scottsdale!  I was beginning to lose hope I'd never find good Mexican food.  Thank goodness for Habanero's!It's definitely one of those great places that will never do you any wrong by ordering today's thing.  Both times I've been here I've ordered from that separate menu item.  First time, I ordered the Blackened Chicken & Relleno burrito that was served Enchilada-style...and was saddened by the reality that I had finished eating this burrito.  The next time, I ordered the Surf & Turf burrito and loved it almost as much as the first burrito I ate here.You can't go wrong ordering chips & salsa here.  There's nothing like dipping those mult-colored tortilla chips in that salsa verde.And don't be afraid to order a drink with your food....because they have so many delicious beverages to choose from.  Don't get Coke or Sprite...try something new!  They have horchata, jamaica, timarindo, pina colada, etc.  Try one of those and it won't disappoint.  I'm salivating just by typing those words.
4	Good food, family owned, priced right and overall a nice place to grab Mexican food at a reasonable price.  Better than those BS fake places like Ajo ALs or Macayo. This is simple, fresh and done right.Our good to place for wanting Mexican and budget conscience.
2	Maybe I came on an off day, but my food at Habanero's was bleh.  I mean, it was edible, but lacked flavor.  I ordered the blackened shrimp tacos and might as well had just boiled shrimp with a little blackened color.  I have friends who love this place, but based on this experience I have no inclination to go back and give it a second go.
4	Great food and friendly service. The only drawback is the lousy plastic plates, but overall I would definitely recommend this place for the food quality.
4	really good mexican food at a decent price.reminds me of senior taco... gotta love the horchata fountain and chilaquiles
5	You know what Mexican food joints really lack in these days? Hot sauce. Habanero's, however, definitely does not! This hot sauce is bomb as fekk. Got a steak n egg burrito. Naturally. Steak is fantastic and cooked fully, nice presentation, and served right to your table. Cooked quickly too. Great atmosphere.. college football and basketball on tv, full bar, plenty of seeing, well kept.. there's no wonder why Habanero's is still open out here, nearby to so many bars and clubs! Definitely recommended. Try the habanero sauce.. spicy yet sweet and delicious!
2	I had a carne asada taco and carnitas taco. Both were pretty bland. Don't know what they were marinated in, but not much flavor. The red and green salsas are also mediocre. Would not go back and wouldn't recommend.
2	Overall not impressed. My chile rellano was really greasy and the guy cooking was touching everything with the same gloves he was making the food with. I thought the portion was a little small for the price.
4	I was looking forward to try Habanero's and wasn't too sure what to expect. A dive or what? As we walked into the doors the dining area was huge. Very nicely decorated. Little confused cause the dining area was so nice it almost felt like a sit down place but dumb me they have ordering counter. Me and my daughter ordered the same thing. Carne asada burrito and a side of chips. The side of chips comes with two salsa. A red and green salsa. Really like the red but the green seemed a little sour to me. Just to clarify I liked both. The carne asada burrito was really good. Nice moist and juicy meat with guacamole, Pico de gallo, and Jalapenos. So it had a nice little kick to it. Not too hot but just right. I was very surprised by the service. They bring your food to your table and I even had a few people ask us if the food was okay. That's a nice touch for a place like this. They even thanked us for coming in as we left. Very nice. Food was good, great service and friendly. Let me see, I think i will be back. Quick food and friendly people. Enjoy.
5	Just great authentic Mexican food! Also I didn't know that you could have your flour tortillas made chimichanga style..don't laugh, I apparently lived a sheltered life about this. The woman behind the counter was friendly and helpful. The dining area was clean and plenty of parking. Check this place out if you have the craving.
5	I love this place.  Great food made to order (and fresh.)  Wide variety of Sonoran style Mexican food.  I like the new place.  A little more room that the original store.  Good choice of hot sauce to compliment the cuisine.  I consider this a staple in my diet.
