3	For a convenient bite at the Glendale airport, this place is pretty good.As far as airport restaurants go, this place is a cut above the average. I had the club sandwich which seemed to be constructed from high quality ingredients. Very fresh and tasty.The decor was nice and modern with a few flat screen TVs in the back. Even with only one waitress, the service was remarkably efficient and friendly.Worth a stop!
4	WAY out in Glendale, inside the airport, is a little tucked away cafe.  It doesn't have anything special on the menu and isn't some hidden gem but it does bring the best breakfast in Glendale.  That's not really saying much but compared to the junk they try and serve around the west side of town, this place is an oasis.  Why so great?  Well, the servers are good, quick, and friendly.  The patrons are pretty interesting since there is a mix of people vacationing and locals.  The food is slightly different than your average breakfast and is surprisingly light on the grease.  I ordered the french toast.  This is sort of my test-case for breakfast.  It is hard to find good french toast and really, I've yet to find AMAZING french toast in the valley (BTW, that Over Easy attempt at french toast is a disaster).  This french toast came with some sort of cinnamon & honey butter mixture that tasted as good as it sounds.  Spreading that on what would have been some fairly average pieces of toast gave this meal a whole new level of awesomeness.  Yum.My wife, well, you can read her review whenever she posts it but, it was an AWESOME looking breakfast sandwich.    Way impressed with this place.  A great find.
4	You know, I would probably rate this place at just 3 stars, but there is something about it that just made me kind of happy.  I was in a bad mood on the way over here because I was so hungry, and when I looked at their pretty average menu, I was still in a bad mood.  However, once the server came by, took our orders, and brought our drinks, my mood started to improve.  The cafe itself is pretty quaint, with an obvious aviation theme going on.  The view outside is lots of tarmac, but it's still nice to see a couple planes chillin' on the runway while you eat.  I ordered the breakfast sandwich, which is as straightforward as it seems.  Scrambled eggs, bacon, cheese, and toast.  It also came with a side of hash browns.  The sandwich itself was actually really big!  The most surprising thing of all was that there was a lot of flavor packed inside there.  Usually, diners are fairly bland and easy on the seasoning.  My mood was way up by now.  Then some people walked in and I was entertained by the non-local people watching that I got to do.  The hash browns were also good, a bit peppery, but better than typical bland city.I would come back here if we were all the way out here at breakfast time for some reason.  It was reasonably priced, the service was great, the good was good, and the atmosphere was lovely.
4	This place doesn't get the traffic it deserves. The food is not superb, but it Is pretty darn good. On the breakfast menu alone there is some shining stars such as the American Western omelette, with their delicious hash browns, and the French Toast with their compound butter, which takes ordinary French Toast and makes it amazing. Aside from the food it's just one of those places that makes you feel good. It has a mellow environment and the staff are all really nice. This restaurant is on my list of places I would eat solo, and for me that list isn't very long. Having a beautiful view of the airport runway adds to the finesse as well. This seems like it would be a great family place as well. What little kid doesn't like watching airplanes?So if your thinking about this place, give it a shot. And if you need a helping hand on the menu the waiter is always helpful and honest.
4	This was a really nice little find.  Thanks Yelpers! It is located in the "terminal" of the Glendale airport.  Really easy to get to.  It looks out on the runway and parking area so you can watch a few planes come and go.We arrived around noon on a Monday.  There were only a couple of other tables occupied so we were seated right away and the waiter was very friendly and helpful.  My wife ordered the club and asked for the middle slice of bread to be removed and for mustard instead of mayo.  Not a problem.  She also had the freshly made coleslaw.  I had the Zurich burger (1/2 lb. of beef with caramelized onions, mushrooms and Swiss cheese on Ciabatta bread ) and fries.  Everything tasted very fresh and delicious.  What was really great was that I could order the burger the way I wanted it cooked (medium rare) and it actually came medium rare!  I am so tired of either not having the choice or the cook not knowing what medium rare is suppose to look like.  This was right on.  Good job!  Our waiter (didn't get his name) even opened my wife's bottled water and poured it at the table like it was wine.  Nice little touch.If you're anywhere near Glendale and looking for something different for breakfast or lunch give it a try.
4	The best breakfast place in this neck of the woods! I called before going because it is located in an airport (a tiny one) & I wanted to make sure I wouldn't have to take dirty pics just to eat breakfast :) It is located at the main terminal of this tiny airport & it's immediately to your left when you walk in. It's clean, cheery, comfortable, the service is friendly & warm. They had acoustic 80's & 90's songs playing quietly in the background & if I had to describe the atmosphere in 1 word, it would be peaceful. You also get a great view on the little planes flying out. Kids, young & old, can't help but love that. The food was REALLY good. I had the french toast, which was light & airy, which is hard to do! My daughter had the BLT sandwich which has now made this her favorite place to have lunch. It was the bacon that did it, lol. It was thick slabs of perfectly cooked bacon, not soggy, not overly crunch & VERY tasty! Before we left she announced that she eyeballed the menu before giving it back & next time she's getting the Philly cheese steak sandwich. If you plan on going you can call for directions if you need them. Keep the hours in mind. breakfast is served till 11, 11 - 2 is lunch & then they close for the day.
4	My brother suggested for us to try to this place since it was close to his house. OK, do not have to ask me twice for food. LOL! It was easy to find and a great little hide away place. YUM on food, Great for service, and Place is clean! We both has to order the French Toast. It came with cinnamon butter. Yes, cinnamon butter.  It was so good.  Light, eggy, and just YUM for my TUM!  We split the hash browns.  YUM too...  They add their seasoning and just enough flavor to make it different.  I need to come back to try the other items on the menu...
1	Stopped by there this morning, but it was "temporarily not in service".  Was really looking forward to the French toast I read so much about.  Such a bummer!
