2	Since moving out to Pittsburgh, I was hoping to find a Korean grocery store to replenish my ramen stock. This grocery store is very convenient for those attending CMU. Although Seoul Mart is cramped, they do have all the basics; however, I leave the store with sour impressions of the owners. They just seem so... irky. Another reason I find this store a little shady is that most of their groceries do not have price tags on them. I've been charged differently for the same item.One night, I was in the store and 3-4 little kids were running around and playing tag. (Do they double up as a daycare?) I love kids, but it's not the experience you want while you're quickly picking up 3 bags of ramen. Mind you, this is a small store.I live down the street from Seoul Mart but I drive down to Squirrel Hill to go to Young's Grocery Store instead (on Forward+Murray, I think). The owners there are not rude and they have price tags on their item.
4	This is the closest Asian market to where I used to live. Here I can get my fill of premarinated meats like bulgolgi and spicy pork... I can also get my kimchee and Shin ramyun here.
4	I like the home-made treats and the freshness of the (small but good) produce section.  My experience with the owners is almost the opposite of Chloe F's.  When I did not want to take my change one day (bike shorts) they were very gracious, and insisted on giving me a free item.  Since then, I notice that they often round down my bill if it's close to a whole dollar amount, even if I'm driving and have pockets.  This has gone on for years, even if I don't come by for several months.  Usually the only child in the store is their son, and it's been a treat to watch him grow up, surrounded by family and hugs.  Very nice people, good stock that rotates fast enough for freshness. I don't have much experience with the frozen food or refridgerator cases, just fresh, dried, canned/jarred, various pickled veggies and drinks.  I'm glad they are there.
4	This place is luckily a hop away from me so after class or work i hop over to get my cucumbers and pepper paste. Where I grew up, I bought Korean groceries in huge megamarts specializing in Korean goods, but I'm pleasantly surprised by what they have in stock here. I mean most Korean dishes use a mix of six ingredients and they have all six in stock so I'm satisfied. The veggies are always fresh and it's such a convenient location. My only complaint is that the Korean lady behind the register gives me death glare, but I can live with that.
2	If you've ever read any of my reviews you'll know that I have spent a considerable time in Korea and have a Korean wife so Korean grocery stores are a place we visit on a regular basis.  Therefore I feel inclined to review Seoul Mart.  Seoul Mart has figured out that they have a monopoly in an area with a massive amount of Korean students and faculty.  The only other comparable Korean marts are too far away for the majority of students therefore they're forced to shop at Seoul Mart if they want a taste of home. I see a lot of people saying that the staff are cold and hard to deal with, you're 100% if I go without my wife they treat me like I am pestering them, when my goes they're extremely outgoing and talk to me like I am a completely different person.  Next, the prices here are a bit high borderline ridiculous you can get the same stuff at Sambok, Youngs, Trader Joes, Market District, or Orient Mart on McKnight for cheaper.  For example we like Mochi Ice cream (not Korean) at Seoul Mart it's 5.99 at Trader Joe's it's 3.99.  Lesson is unless it's something Korean that you absolutely cannot find elsewhere there really is no point going to Seoul Mart.Unfortunately for me I have to go from time to time because their selection is the best in the 'Burgh....PROS -SelectionConvenience CONS -PricesRude/Apathetic Staff (to non-Koreans)Limited PricesCluttered
4	Decent selection of produce, things aren't always in stock but there's always some fresh veggies and fruit. Good prices, I get all of my Asian/korean groceries here.
1	I've been there once since I first moved to CMU a few years ago be as this is the closest Asian grocery store and obviously I didn't know better. Apparently if you don't speak Korean, expect to be treated as someone who owes them money. Also, prices are abnormally high.
4	Seoul Mart is small and cramped.  But I'm amazed at the people who say the staff/owners are unfriendly.  I am not Asian and I don't speak Korean past hello and thank you (and a few other short phrases, the answers to which I cannot understand).  However, I find that everyone there has been very welcoming of my family (including our adopted Korean son... and also when we are there without any Koreans at all).  They are very friendly, especially if you do try out a Korean hello or thank you.  I think people who are saying they are standoffish do not understand that these folks do not speak English comfortably.  They can do what they need to do, but English takes a bit of effort and focus and some days are just not good English days.  Great Asian cooking ingredients and snacks that remind us of our time in Korea.  Sometimes things we want are out of stock or may be a little stale from how far it had to travel to us, but usually everything is perfect.  Kimchi is authentic and I think made on site, but it helps if you can read a little Korean to find the good stuff. Same for bulgogi meat.  And my sons' youth group from the nearby Anglican church traipses all over the store buying things they can't identify for youth-groupy Asian food dares (or whatever they do with it) and always have a good time.  Any storekeepers that put up with a gaggle of teenagers dropping in unannounced and not speaking their primary language... seriously these folks are great!
3	Overall, for Pittsburgh, this is as good as it gets. They sell the basics, rice... vegetables, frozen beef/pork/seafood, ramen, rice cookers, tofu and prepared side dishes. I would have to say, the freshly made Kimchee is by far the best tasting in town. Usually thursday and saturdays are the best days to shop here since they receive a delivery from DC or Chicago. The parking situation is really tough. You can park in the back but the road is not paved very well and the spots are tight.
