3	Review, part 1: SalesLast summer I wanted to buy a Jetta TDI (the hard-to-find diesel version of the ubiquitous Jetta). I was absolutely ready to buy, so I headed to my neighborhood dealer. They couldn't have cared less. They had the car I wanted in stock but even after a test drive, the salesman didn't do anything to indicate he wanted to make a deal. I gave him my name and number, but no body called to see if I'd come back in. We returned a few days later to try again, but we couldn't connect with anyone in sales. They said the man who gave me the test drive was out of town and then we chatted about the weather. (We then went to the north Scottsdale dealership and I had a new car 3 hours later). I realize it sounds ridiculous, but go in there with big bags of cash and see if you can get them to try to sell you something.Review, Part 2: ServiceNothing like sales. My oil change experiences were painless and quick. I had a bad experience with one of the service writers regarding a forgotten parts order, but the manager was quite apologetic and when I visited two months later, that service writer was gone. Problem solved.In short, if you can get Berge to sell you a vehicle, you'll do alright with their service department.
1	Took my car in for service at Berge and had a horrible experience. This was the first time I have used the dealership and was completely disappointed with the whole event. Not only did they not repair my car properly they provided zero help in a solution. They were rude and took every opportunity to bad mouth the dealership i bought my car from. What should have been a simple CV boot repair has left me stranded with no car for the weekend and will either cost me a full day of work or the cost of a rental car. Not including the aggravation of dealing with their poor customer service. I know VW is better than this, I have owned 6 VW's in the past 10 years, and in a bad economy this kinda of service will severely  damage a reputation. From now on I will drive the extra 50 miles round trip to have the service department at camelback VW work on my car. They have always provided awesome service.
1	I bought a tdi Jetta from Berge and the black one we originally bought was delivered with multiple cosmetic dings dents, and swirls in the paint. I will presume it came from the buffing machine, but it was so noticeable that after multiple hmm's and haww's their response was there is no such thing as a perfect black car. We walked away from the deal, but we were threatened with their legal department and later settled on a white Jetta. Next, we have ran into multiple service issues, which Berge continually using the excuse they need to check with VW warranty approvals, but will not offer rental cars and let you sit for hours in the waiting room until you get so frustrated you demand your vehicle back or you can pay for the repairs and they will reimburse you later. Today, is a prime example. I am in for an oil change and some other service related items. We were promised a loaner vehicle and they needed just about a 1/2 hour to conduct diagnosis. It's been 4+ hours now, they've been almost done for 3 hours and if we hear the transmission clunking around, smell the odor coming from the vents, or the car stalls, bring it back in, but as far as today the car checks out perfectly. LOL!!!  We are just waiting for our car back to take it to a different dealer. VW is a great car, just the service department in my case is horrible! Drive the distance to a different service department. Trust me on this one!
1	DO NOT TAKE YOUR CAR HERE! They took two days to "fix" a problem for me. I got my car back and the issue was not resolved. I also have a new issue now. Now it having trouble starting. :( I wish i could give negative stars.
1	Bought a car from them 12 days ago.  Now they tell me that my car pymt will be much higher than they thought and would not include the extended warranty.  I told them upfront my credit was not great and was there on a Wednesday afternoon.  Apparently 6 hours and a change of vehicle choice was not enough for them to figure out this mystery car pyment issue.  I went there for a Passat, left with a Jetta TDI and will be returning the TDI on Saturday.  Ethically,they shouldhave never let me leave the lot with the car.  I had been warned about this from others but chose to challk it up to bad experience, but it was absolutely true.  The manager Dan, told me this was common practice at any AZ car dealer and if this is true it is a sad, riduculous thing.  I have purhcased many cars in AZ and never had this happen before.  Do your home work if you are going to shop with Berge. Total unethical bs!
1	You would think that a VW dealership would have standard tires for a VW CC in stock.     WRONG!You would think that if the service department says they will order the tire to be ready the next day that it will actually be ordered and be there the next day.     WRONG!IDIOTS
5	I was discouraged at coming here after reading some of the previous reviews but to my surprise I had one of the best experiences! I came in to have my Passat serviced and the staff was amazing. They finished my car 20 minutes before they estimated it would be done and even washed it for me. The waiting room was extremely comfortable and the staff even came by with snacks on 2 different occasions throughout my wait, along with a gourmet coffee selection. I am extremely happy that I came to this shop and will definitely have my Passat serviced here in the future!
5	Went back to Berge again for some service and once again they did an amazing job! Christian helped me in the service department and let me know all of my options before performing any work. These guys really are great! You do pay more for having work done at the dealership than an independent shop but that is expected especially when you drive a foreign car and I wouldn't go anywhere else for major servicing with my Volkswagen.
1	We went here to get some screws we needed, which wasn't too bad; once the lady ahead of us decided to get off her cell phone and talk to the parts guy instead.While we were there, we asked about getting some new keys cut.  I had just gotten some on the internet for less than 50$, but still needed them cut and programmed.  The guy at the parts counter said they couldn't cut those keys.  They might be from china or something and break their laser.....I am almost positive the laser isn't doing the cutting.  After we called him out on that, he did backpedal and say it might break the machine and not the laser.  We asked how much to get keys done there if we ordered them from him.  It was over 500$.  So I took my keys to Anytime lock and safe and got them cut for under $100.00, and now I have two new keys and the old flip key and valet key all programmed for my car.....Why does the dealer think we have bags of money?
4	Service department was more than helpful. I just bought my car from another dealership, but I would not rule out buying the next one here.
5	I hate the car buying experience. Who doesn't? Usually deadbeat salesmen, high-pressure managers, and tactics to keep you there until you sign.    Mark Osier,  my salesman, crushed the car lot jpg for me. Everything about the transaction was an absolute joy. Mark took the time to explain the ins and outs of the car to my wife and I. He even did it again when we came back for a second look, still not even buying. When I went in to close the deal, he was patient, and went to bat for me several times with his manager. She didn't have an attitude at all, but more of a attitude that he was going to me get what I wanted. And then some.
5	I do not understand how the reviews for this place are not as good as I expected. Even though I was unable to purchase a car from them, the staff was just as excellent as I could want. Anthony was the first to approach me on the lot and was courteous and treated me like a regular person. Although, I did not end up purchasing a car there because of reasons out of my control, I would only go back to Anthony. Never in my life have I ever been treated so greatly at a dealership. Anthony even tries to keep in touch to make sure I am still interested and to let me know of new stock available. I recommend these guys!
1	THESE GUYS ARE CROOKS!!!!   The service department deliberately caused a leak in the gas tank just so I'd have to come back and have it repaired again, which I confirmed with another mechanic who normally services my car.  When the mechanic and I pointed out that it was their mistake and that the repair was under warranty, they got rude and nasty.  Probably going to report them to a consumer protection agency.  Take your beloved VW somewhere else.
1	I bought out my VW lease here last year and they wasted my time with a hard sell on a new Jetta that I stated multiple times I couldn't afford. Then they lied to me about my last lease payment and totally ripped me off. Would never use again.
2	Just changed my 5 star review to a two star review based on the service center alone. Wife needed a new tire, they quoted me 40% higher than Discount Tire across the street. That was after they had to transfer me to 4 different people just to find out what type of tire it was, and then back to Kim who "wasnt sure" if they price match competitors. Went to pick up, and suddenly they're willing to price match to keep my business.  I expressed my concern. To try to keep me, they told me they'd comp the labor, and sell me a tire for still more than tire plus install across the street. I left. Went across the street... Tire is fixable! For free!! Bought the full coverage warranty from discount tire for all four tires. 1/3 the cost of one tire at VW. Bergw VW has included service for the first 36k miles. I'll be going elsewhere after that.
5	Great customer service and management! We came to Berge after a poor experience at San Tan VW and knew immediately we were going to purchase our Golf from Berge. We had the pleasure of working with Peter Vallejo and from the moment he greeted us to the second we drove off in our new 2015 Golf he worked endlessly to make our experience easy and enjoyable. The sales manager was willing to work with us as well and give us a very fair number for our trade. We would recommend Berge to all our family and friends! Make sure to ask for Peter!
5	Berge has serviced my car for 8 years and have always provided fantastic customer service.
