5	Great place to workout... everything is always clean and they have nice, new equipment. The space is huge and the employees are very nice and helpful. I never have any trouble waiting to use machines or use floor space for stretching. Great gym all in all!
1	Fitness Connection INDIAN TRAIL Location LADIES BE AWARE!! Male custodian repeatedly walked into female locker room without warning while I was taking a shower. Facility management and corporate office associates were not understanding and did not resolve issue. Corporate office associate "Amanda" was even rude and disrespectful over the phone, blaming me for being too sensitive.
4	I like working out here. My only complaint is that childcare is only til 1200 but the most popular class starts at 1130. Doesn't make much sense.
4	This is a great gym if you're looking for a standard set of cardio and lifting equipment. It's not going to blow your mind but it will likely meet your needs. The place is always pretty busy but I've never had to wait for any cardio equipment (treadmills, elliptical machine, stair stepper). Every year they seem to add or replace equipment which is also nice. Prices are reasonable ($10 or $20 depending on plan) and the hours are convenient (5am - 10pm most days). I've not used the dry sauna here but it's a nice option if you're interested. Depending on the time of day parking can be scarce. They do have overflow parking so you shouldn't ever not find a spot.
1	Joined this gym for the allure of the free child care. Even though a handful of the daycare ladies were nice, more than few of them were lazy and couldn't be bothered to get off their phone and actually watch the kids. At any time there would be 20 kids to maybe two adults. I once picked my 10 month old up with a girls barrette in his mouth. The last time would be a large splintered piece of wood. This place is so greedy to get new members in but in all actuality is already over packed. Trainers waiting at the front door like vultures to get you locked in. Too little equipment for too many people. Nothing like waiting 10 minutes for a parking spot to only go inside and wait inline for a machine. Dropped them and joined Planet Fitness.
