1	I was just dying to review this place. I don't get it... I really do not understand. There is always people eating here for some reason.The pho tastes like soap detergent. I have this strong belief that they fail to rinse after washing their cutlery. Not only that, there is a strong soap detergent aroma in the restaurant. But, there are still students who want to and like to come to eat here. I will never understand.
1	Agreeing with the other review,  I do not get how this place is still in business or why people keep going.  I have been a few times, usually dragged there by friends.  The services is poor, the food is inconsistent, i have managed to have a passable meal there once, but I am usually disappointed.
1	Food took a long time (I think there were only 2 people working there), it did not taste very good, but worst of all, the place is completely filthy.
1	I would give it 0 stars if I could. I went there today for lunch because I was hooked by the advertisement outside (Wow, $4.99 for lunch!). First thing I noticed was how cheap everything looked inside. The lights were off, even though it was overcast. When I got the tattered menus and sat down on the filthy table, I realized they had changed the prices. Lunch was now $5.75. I didn't know it then, but I would be duped two more times during my meal.There was one guy who took orders, he didn't speak English, and seemed to not understand my order. (I ended up having to translate for my friend who is not Asian.) Finally he left and we thought we were going to get our food soon. Wrong again. He comes back 20 minutes later (not lying, I used my phone right when we got there so I knew exactly how long it took), saying they don't have the option I ordered, and if I want to order something from their regular menu. ("What the hell?" I thought, "I came here to get a cheap, decent lunch combo, not to spend $8 on one dinner dish.") So I asked him if they can replace the item that they're out of (I'm not even sure what it is since he couldn't explain it). He went to talk to the boss. Comes back 5 minutes later saying they got that item and they can make my combo. Okay.Ten more minutes later, my lunch was served. Except it was missing an item of the three-item combo. I asked him, "Doesn't it come with papaya salad?" He replies, "No, I don't think so."  "Can I see the menu? I'm pretty sure it comes with papaya salad." And so I pointed it out to him, he followed the word "papaya salad" with his finger as if he doesn't understand it. Finally he agrees to talk to the boss. But not before he goes to the cash register and talks to all the other customers first.It was another ten minutes until I got his attention and asked him about the salad. He says they're out of it today. "And you tell your customer now?" I thought. Instead I asked for a price reduction or a replacement. He went to the kitchen and brought back an old, angry man who is apparently the boss. The old guy yells at me, "We don't have papaya salad! We can only give you 50 cents off, or two pieces of fried wonton skin" (for those who don't know, they're like fortune cookies, but way thinner).What the fuck? I wanted to tell him to sod off and take his crappy restaurant to hell. Instead I got my wontons and finished my food as fast as I could. My friend and I got out of there right after we were done, the damn waiter didn't even fill our tea when I signaled for it. I paid, and as I left, I said "Thank you", just to see what the waiter would do. He ignored me. Bastard.If you want to go to hell, this place is for you. Otherwise, I hope they close it down soon, so they could get a decent restaurant in its place.
4	First off all, this is not really an eat-in place. Know that your going for the food not the atmosphere.They're serve easily the best pad thai in KW, they're portions are big and they're fast and inexpensive.
2	Decent food, bad presentation. Cutlery looks old and semi washed. The restaurant interior looks like it came straight out from a side street in Vietnam.  The food is cheap, but the serving size could be bigger.
5	Best pho in the plaza by default.Its a small place but there are usually seats available. The Vietnamese iced coffee is good here.
5	If you are on campus or just driving by waterloo and craving pho, this is the place to go. They have a long history here, but their authentic taste endured. Make sure to get thier viet coffee, you won't regret it.
5	Definitely the best place for pho in Waterloo. Will leave you craving for more.  Beautiful decor that relaxes your body by the sight of them. The place was rocking, with the top radio hits playing in the background. Next level pho, next level atmosphere, next level music, next level restaurant
