3	On our way back from the waste-of-time home show at the Metrolina Expo, we decided to stop for some Mexican food, and this was the first place that we saw.  Well, we didn't really see the place, but we did see the sign out front, and managed to find our way to the back of the strip mall that housed them.Inside, the restaurant is decent, but not spectacular.  The staff is nice, but not speedy.The day that we were there, at least, they offered a few specials, and the menu selection was pretty typical Mexican fare - average portions, average food, but nothing outstanding.  A short while after getting home, just about everyone spent an extra shift in the bathroom, though, so something managed to work some magic.No food poisoning or anything - just some good, old-fashioned beans or grease or who-knows-what that didn't want to stay inside for long.I don't even remember that there was anything unique about it, other than the short stay inside.  The chips and salsa weren't bad, but then they usually are, unless you're at Valentino's on Sharon Amity.
4	This has quickly become one of my favorite places for some good and inexpensive Mexican food. The location is easy to get into and out of which is a definite plus for take-out. I have tried probably over half of the menu and have never been dissapointed. My personal favorite is the fish tacos which come with a delicious chipotle sauce. I would definitely recommend this place for dinner and margaritas with some good friends. The staff is very friendly and helpful and delicious free chips and salsa are always a plus. One tip: don't order the queso, its a waste of money.
4	Good food, good price, and good service.  I was there on a Saturday early evening.  It's a small restaurant and tucked into a corner so it could be difficult for some to find.  I enjoyed everything I ate.  I'll most likely become a regular customer once I move to Charlotte later this month.  Thumbs up!
4	This is a small hidden jem that serves good Mexican food at reasonable prices. The service is friendly and accommodating. We love their Chiles Poblanos.
4	Took the mother-in-law out for a little thank-you dinner here.  This was our first time here.The menu was very extensive.  There's pretty much something for every taste if you enjoy Mexican food.  The service was excellent.  The obligatory chips and salsa were warm and fresh.  We all got combination entrees and enjoyed them very much.  Everything was cooked perfectly and well seasoned.  The prices were very reasonable.Overall, I would definitely recommend this little gem and will be going there again.
4	Definitely a good place to have dinner and more than a few drinks. They have specials during the week and their margaritas are nothing extrordinary but they sure do the trick!
3	Unassuming Mexican food.  Has all the usual dishes and some specials.  The food is decent, inexpensive and the staff is friendly.  If you need your fix, it's as good a find as anything else.  It's a good lunch option, as they have lunch specials and service is generally pretty fast.
3	Had lunch here today.  It's great since it's tucked away in a corner, but you can tell that once people find this place, they keep coming back.  Not to the point where it's hard to find a table, but it seemed relatively busy for lunch and especially in this location.Service was friendly and good.  Seemed a bit slow, but I always tend to want to everything to move faster to give me enough time to get back to the office.Food was good!  If you are looking for more of a tex-mex place... this would not be your best bet.  This place tends to lean more towards authentic than the jazzed up americanized mexican that people may have gotten used to.  We ordered the Queso con Chorizo... which seemed a little liquidy and greasy, but it was ok.  Not terrible, but not great either.  I'm sure regular queso would have been great.I'll definitely go back now that I've tried it.... with lots of lunch menu items and combinations, should be a good spot to keep on the list as far as satisfying the mexican food cravings I tend to get every day.
2	Good Mexican. But the service leaves much to be desired like waiting for the waiter to finally return when they place you at a booth out of line of sight. Proprietor is kinda fake acting and insincere. The quality of the food which is good does not make up for the shoddy service.  The patrons there are usually loud and obnoxious or undisciplined children.
5	Best Mexican in town. Great food, awesome portions, amazing wait staff.
5	Had the best Meican there last night!!  2 enchiladas, 1 taco, and rice for $7.00!!  and the enchiladas were sooooo full with chicken it was hard to cut it with a fork!!  So at least you know they don't skimp on quantity.  Would recommend anyone to go here and try it out, you wont regret it.
4	Not authentic.Chicken soup is good and it comes in a big bowl. Good American style Mexican food.
4	It was good. I wouldn't drive 4 miles off the interstate for it again. Service was good and the food good. I had I mind something more.
3	I really like this place as a quick lunch or cheap dinner out.  The portions are generous, the food is tasty (but not really authentic, as a lot of people have pointed out,) and the waitstaff does a good job.  They have pretty stiff margaritas, judging from the few that I've had, so it's probably not a bad place to catch a buzz in, if you like margaritas!!
4	MY FAVE MEXICAN FOOD IN CHARLOTTE!!!I'm a huge Mexican food lover, and I grew up eating the good ol' cheap stuff. You know tex mex, not baja style.  When I moved to Charlotte, I started looking for a place that offered GREAT food for a cheap price.I find most of the Mexican restaurants in Charlotte to be average at best, nothing close to the rich, spicy, melt in your mouth flavors I'm used to.  When my husband and I walked into Fiesta Maya, we were immediately transported to Mexico by the decor. Let's face it, how many places around here really authentic in terms of Mexican? You rarely find a hand made tortilla anywhere in the Q.C., besides the occasional taco cart that accompanies a soccer match.  This place is the best food for your money around in my opinion .  The restuarant is always clean and the service has always been excellent.  This is a MUST try if you like Mexican food.  Order the combos. The chili rellanos are fantastic, and the burritos are pretty tasty too.  Salsa, cheese dip, and guac are standard here, and are much better than the runny stuff that Azteca serves you and calls salsa.  The portions are large, and we always have leftovers.I will say that I agree that the margaritas are sub- par.  If you're a foodie though- it's for you! And they have good deals on cervesa too.Go try it! I think you'll be pleased.
5	Being a regular here has its perks. All of the wait staff no our order by heart and if we switch it up it throws them off im always greeted by a nice 36 oz dos equis there margaritas are great and on friday nights they give one away for free every 10 min. Everyone is extremly friendly i love this place
5	Went based upon reviews and loved this place!  Gotta try the guacomole made at the table!  Fantastic!  Shrimp burrito was stuffed full!  Chicken enchiladas filled with chicken!  Great find!
4	Carnitas were great -- roasted pork that was crispy on the outside and moist on the inside. We also had a California Burrito -- yummy steak, guacamole, lettuce etc.Really liked the fresh chips and fresh sause.Great service too!
5	My every Friday lunch spot.
3	If you like basic, generic Tex Mex style food, then you will love this place. Looking for a more authentic experience? Then head on down to N Tryon ST. That being said it's not bad, service was great, food was inexpensive,  the meal arrived quickly. If you ask they have a spicier salsa that they can bring to you. Is it a hot salsa? No, don't think I've ever had anything that was actually hot in here, but it has great flavor. It's close to the house, so I will be back periodically.
5	The food was absolutely delicious, only outdone by the service! I love going to eat when my server has a smile and is a friendly person.  My boyfriend and I had a great time and will definitely be back next time we visit Charlotte
4	Fast service, good food, not great food but good. Wife says ground beef is full of grissle, chicken verde enchaladda(sp?) Were very good, premium margarita was on special on saturday for $9, yes thats right nine dollars! I was afraid to ask what the regular price was. There are better places close by.
5	When our family first moved to Charlotte 6 years ago, the house we rented was within 2 minutes walking distance from Fiesta Maya.  Ever since, we've been returning to this little gem, even after moving a few miles away.  The food is really good and very suitable for the range of tastes that are in my family.  I especially like their dishes such as Pollo Nortena and Arroz con Pollo, and this enjoyment has spread to my kids.  The staff are always friendly and attentive and we love them.
1	We decided to go here because I read an article where the executive chef of Halcyon (a restaurant we really like) said he takes his family here. We were thoroughly disappointed. We were not expecting anything fancy, but were hoping for a good, cheap mexican place. To start off, our unhelpful waiter told me that no, they could not make me a margarita without sour mix in it. Okay, fine. We ordered the tableside guacamole, which is almost impossible to mess up unless the avocados aren't ripe, which they were not. The accompanying chips were stale. Next I asked for black beans with my veggie fajitas and was told they didn't have any. The fajitas themselves were greasy and flavorless. My husband ordered enchiladas suiza, and it came topped with a bizarre milky sauce. My son refused to eat his chicken quesadilla because he said the chicken tasted funny. Also, someone else mentioned that they make their own tortillas here. They do not.
5	Best kept secret! Food is always great. Price are very reasonable. My family eats here a lot.
1	Food was pretty nondescript, but it was the arrogant and rude service that is the catalyst for this rating. My friend ordered a Manhattan Red Apple Martini, even providing  the breakdown of ingredients. The bartender did not get it right, as evidenced by the color of the drink. Since one of the three ingredients was equal part cranberry juice, the drink's color should have been red to reflect it's name. It was not. When  asked to correct, the bartender argued and insisted he was right. His manager simply shrugged, with no comment, after being told about the unsatisfactory response from the bartender. Needless to say, this soured our visit, which was the first. It's a shame this restaurant precluded any future business, including word of mouth, because the adage "the customer is always right" wasn't adhered. Oh well......adios.
2	It's not totally bad nor totally great--just okay.  Our first visit here was pretty good, so we decided to come back. Even after horrible service and entree mix-up on Cinco de Mayo, we came yet again on Monday night.  I asked the server if there were any drink specials and he began telling me about the margaritas. Had the peach and it  was just not very flavorable... waste of almost $7.   The server was decent.  Luckily we had a LivingSocial deal to help with the bill. We think we take an extended break from the "Fiesta"  ;)
4	They had me at the $4.99 margaritas!!! Do you really need me to write more??? Ok...Ok....I will...these margaritas were awesome! Not watered down, or full of sour mix but actually had a good amount of the good stuff...just like I like them!!! And for that price how can you say no???The chips were hot and the salsa had a little bit of kick, chucks of tomatoes and seasoning and it tasted really fresh. Not the best salsa I've ever had at a Mexican joint...but it was pretty good....they bring it out in a small container and everyone gets their own bowl to enjoy!I decided to try the Shrimp Fajitas and they came out sizzling!!! Can you say YUM!!! The seasoning on the shrimp was delicious...I could have taken more sour cream and guacamole, but the rice and beans were great! With these reasonable prices, good food and strong drinks...its not doubt I'll be back!
4	An excellent and inexpensive local place.  The vegetarian fajitas are sooo good, better than Chili's chicken fajitas by a long shot.  Beans are good, rices is good, service is fast and food arrives warm.  Kids eat free on Sunday.  Very busy at lunch but not as busy for dinner, so prefer them over the chains.
2	Food was pretty good. As we were leaving, we handed the guy $60 cash, our meal was around $45, and he came back and said that we only gave him $40. He then left and came back with the $15. It was pretty clear that he was trying to rip us off. The music is a little loud but the service was quick. All in all, I have had better Mexican before.
5	The cheese dip the chorizo is a must
5	Outstanding! Great food, great service, great prices, and great atmosphere. We have been coming here since before the grand  opening!
1	Worst food I've EVER encountered in a restaurant in my entire life! The chips were stale and smelled like old oil! I immediately had a stomach ache and had to run to a drugstore for tums! We brought it to the attention of the waiter- they brought out more chips but same problem- they were frying the chips in very old oil! They reeked! All entrees were stale and not fresh. Plates were sooo unappetizing looking- not even plated nicely or with any garnish. My daughter and I had stomach aches for 3 days after. I would NEVER eat here again!
3	If I must say so myself, the margaritas are good, the fajitas were above average and the chips and salsa were decent.Now I love Mexican places I can walk too and have a few margaritas and then walk home, but two medium house margaritas and chicken fajitas later my bill was 40 bucks. I would be better off get a cab and meeting friends closer to uncc or north lake where food is the same if not better and way better prices. Will try again in a few weeks, but I would advise going in with the knowledge it's not your typical neighborhood mexican priced place.
5	Best Mexican food in Charlotte. Hands down. The owners and wait staff are beyond nice and they make it a fun experience. We go at least every other week!
5	Great atmosphere and food. Very friendly staff, quick service and really good food. Total package here.
4	First time here for dinner tonight. Nice little place off Harris Blvd. The shame is that i have lived 2 blocks away for 5 years and just now tried it. It was really good. Wish  I had tried it sooner. I had the Maya combo. It was giant. The waiter should have warned me. Not complaining really. As i said it was really good. But it was so huge i was almost embarrassed to have it sitting in front of me all by myself. I took a big box of leftovers home. A great value in the end.
5	Best Mexican in this area! Wife and I got the el combo portion size was huge very nice quality though. The salsa especially the hot salsa is delicious. If you're in the mood for Mexican then go check it out you'll not be disappointed.
3	Food is fine, margaritas are fine. No compaints here.
3	I wanted to give four stars but I couldnt.The weekday lunch specials are always the same five items in the same sequence.  Tuesday is enchiladas verdes.  I ordered the special.  I substitute rice for all beans on the side.They charge too much for extras.  Carry out costs and addition .30, that is 5% hike on the special.  I wanted extra verde sauce on the enchiladas but they wanted another $1.  That is over 16% price increase.  Most other places will give you some extra cheese, sour cream, or sauce for free so long as it already comes with the entree in some quantity.I eat here every week and the quality differs greatly.  Two weeks ago the chicken enchiladas had huge chunks of unseasoned chicken, this week is was orange with seasoning but very stringy.I wish it was a bit more consistent and that they didn't charge you for all the extras (carry out being one of those extras).  They have coupons but you have to buy two drinks so in the end it is basically a coupon for free drinks.  You will never save a dime on your entrees.
4	Great food, great service, great margaritas ... what else do you need in a Mexican restaurant. The Chips and Salsa were fresh and arrived quickly as did our drinks and food.Just moved to the area and will be returning!
