5	I did not think I would write a review for a body shop but this group is great,  I had originally dropped the car off at the Spring Valley location but they were booked. They took it to this one and the job was completed on time. They even matched black for a bumper repair, not an easy task for an 8-year old car.  They were also in touch every step of the way.I originally chose them because my service shop recommended them. I am glad I listened.
5	My car had shipped cross-country with a relocation company in January.  It arrived with at least $2,500 of body work repair needs.  I heard that Service King was a great choice per a Vegas resident's recommendation and an Acura friendly body shop.  They turned out to be so much more!  After a supplemental estimate was completed, a total of around $4,700 of body work was found to be needed against the pre-existing condition of my car before shipping cross-country.  The relocation company was completely unreliable, unresponsive and then downright unreasonable when we could reach them.  My Service King service advisor, Josh Gnadt, went above and beyond joining calls with the relocation company, keeping me up to speed on a daily basis, and when the relocation company finally caved with paying for all damages he ensured the vehicle's work was done in haste.  The end result is my beautiful Acura TSX that I hardly want to take out of the garage for fear of it being any less stunning.  Thanks so so much to the Service King Falconis guys for helping me through a very trying time and ultimately returning my car to an even better condition than when I shipped out here to Vegas.
5	I was hit in an accident and out of all the insurance offered places to fix it I picked this one couldn't be happier staff is awesome and courteous the waiting area is clean and lots of areas to charge your phone and free water and snacks. Not to mention the work on my car was very superb. Just all around a trustworthy body shop Im very happy I brought my car here.
3	The job on my car was GREAT!!! However, 3 stars because I was notified my car was done when it was not. It needed an alignment because after the impact there was a major pull to left. Immediately after driving away I noticed it. When I called my insurance to inform them I was going to take it back I find out by them that the alignment was never done. I take it back and lord and behold a couple parts needed to be replaced!!! They kept it a few more days. In the end, the work: great. The inconvenience: greatly inconvenient. But lifetime warranty on the paint job :-DIf it weren't for the fact that the alignment was not done when it should have been, I would have given them 5 stars.
