5	St. Catherine Street (now officially rue Sainte-Catherine) is the main street for all your entertainment needs when you are in downtown Montreal. It is lined with so many places to shop, eat,learn and play.Some highlights include H&M department store, Eaton Centre Mall, Dawson College, Mexx and Supersexe (one of the last remaining strip clubs). The street runs parallel to the largest segments of Montreal's underground city.
4	The unavoidable main artery of Montreal. For the real experience, ignore everything west of St. Laurent. It's a fairly generic downtown strip with the same stores you find everywhere else.  If you head east of St. Laurent, it's far more interesting. The sleazy vibe between St. Laurent and St. Denis is like pre-Giuliani Times Square where junkies, punks, and prostitutes still reign supreme. Anyone who, like myself, has some kind of misplaced and confused nostalgia for pre-gentrified and Disneyfied Midtown should check it out. Go while it's still there since they've been threatening to transform the area into a generic tourist trap with the Quartier des Spectacles.  Further east of St. Denis and it's the Village which is also a pretty interesting place worth checking out.
3	A shopping and restuarant street which largely resembles every other in a Canadian city. Don't be shocked to see the same stores over and over, or the same chains blocks from eachother. However, as a traveller it was a handy reference point and an easy go to.I will note I believe it was called Christchurch Cathedral - it's across the Bay in any event - this is a gorgeous old cathedral which makes the walk down through the crowds totally worth it.
3	It may not be Oxford Street or Carnaby Street, but its still someplace that if you like shopping you'll want to check out.  For anyone else, it is a great central location where if you can find Rue Sainte-Catherine, you can find your way anyplace else in the city.That's what I used it for.  Whilst I love shopping, these are the same stores that I can find anyplace else and so I used it more as a compass point to navigate the rest of the city.  I did like that the portion from Rue Berri to Rue Papineau is shut down to vehicular traffic and so becomes a pedestrian mall with restaurant patios spilling out onto the street and festivals taking over the road.  Make this one of your first stops in the city if you're a tourist and you'll be able to find your way around just fine!
5	It's here, In this street that I spend lots of funny time during my trip ! lots of bar ! really cool stuff !
3	Looking for a Montreal experience? Look elsewhere- and I don't mean that in a bad way, I mean that in a matter-of-fact way.Rue Sainte Catherine resembles a typical street in a typical downtown area in a typical city- with chain stores that you can find in the US and other places in Canada. Great place to go shopping as a local; as a tourist, visit your own version of Rue Sainte Catherine back home and spend that time at places that are unique to Montreal.
3	This street goes from ghetto, to somewhat less ghetto, to high end shopping, to low end shopping, to red light district, to shopping, to ghetto, to arts, to ghetto, to some unknown stretch!  Between one end to the other there are a bunch of restaurants scattered around.One night I was walking down the street with a friend and one of the guys working the strip club doors ran up to us to ask us to go up to their strip club.  A guy working a couple of doors down at another strip club ran up to us and told us to skip the other guys club because all the girls have crabs.  I burst out laughing but my friend...she was grossed out and ran off.  You'll find the same type of stretches on most big city main streets like pan handlers, sketchy people, restaurants and shopping and Rue Sainte-Catherine is no different but you won't get anything like what I mentioned above!
4	Pedestrian friendly.On Ste. Catherine, you will find some of the most sought after restaurants, shopping areas. It's perhaps one of the busiest streets in Montreal with tons of street festivals, delicious restaurants, shops and boutiques. In a way, Ste. Catherine always reminded me of a mini-Fifth Avenue of New York and in a way - better, it has some of the unique labels from European brands that cannot be found easily in the States.
