3	This American Apparel seemed a lot smaller than the one in South End. And unlike the South End location, this store seemed to have way more ridiculous clothes than things people actually wear. Still, if you're at SouthPark and in need of a unitard, you can stop off at the American Apparel.
4	Even though I loved the location on Camden (now CLOSED) I really visited this store more!  Very impressed with the always friendly and helpful staff... Went to search the back for (never on display this season in this store) what I affectionately refer to as "speedos"  - when you say that word most everyone knows what you mean and if you know me, you know how serious I am about immodest swimwear (not too immodest though) square cuts and competition "briefs" (old school 1980's).  No Jammers! - Forget those baggy-saggy ___ and board shorts are boring!  Back to the back (of the store) they look for me and found a box of "speedos",  they looked good though only navy and black...  More on American Apparel - Great service and I like the jeans a lot too, though not the new "high-waisted" ones!
3	I have mixed feelings. The clothes down to even a simple t-shirt are kinda pricey. But I can say I like some of the weird styles like the old 70-80s looking gold gym shorts that have the split up the sides. The multiple different brief colors are cool too. This place could easy be mistaken as a store for dancers.
4	there are a lot of clothes in this store that i wouldn't be caught dead in & a lot of clothes that i think are very strange but American Apparel has the most amazing t-shirts and hoodies.  the tri-blend t-shirts are the most comfortable t-shirts ever made!!!!  i realize they are a lil pricey for a t-shirt, but this is not a normal t-shirt....it's so SOFT & COMFY!!!i wish the camden location was still open on days i want to avoid the mall but oh well, it's worth it!
4	American Apparel is a sensory explosion of colors, glitter, spandex and so much more. Sure it's hipster haven, but their basics are notoriously comfortable and responsibly made right here in the USA. It's definitely worth a look even if you think only the 'cool kids' shop there. The saleswoman who was helping me (salesgirl maybe, she was definitely younger than me) was super-helpful without being pushy. I explained that I was coming in from Raleigh, not to buy anything but to try on a couple of things to make sure I would order the right size online (there are way better sales online). She understood and helped me size several things, answering questions and grabbing things I needed. All the while she was very happy despite knowing I wasn't really in there to buy.I definitely hope we get at least one American Apparel here in Raleigh! It would definately save me a drive!
