4	My second-favorite pizza (close-second, mind you) in Phoenix.  Great atmosphere, always crowded, and always delicious pizza and salads.  I used to love their Pacifico pizza with shrimp, chorizo and goat cheese....mmmmmmm - but regrettably it's not on their menu anymore.  The sangria here is not bad either.Very friendly and attentive hosts & servers, and casual yet fun decor.
5	this pizza is excellent. the original recipes are tasty but the fact you can use any of the original and unique topping to make your own as well just takes the cake. I have had some great brick over pizza but this is some of the best ever. the place was packed but the modern, airy, spacious decor is not a rouse- there is a lot of room in this space to accommodate even large parties. it is clearly a popular place for a reason. there is a grocery attached with kitchy and typically over-priced girts and snacks but the selection of these nick-nacks is great. there is also a gelato place attached as well which looked busy as well.
4	great little spot... i think the pizza is very good... the people i went with fell in love with the chicken wings... and i can see why... they are grilled, which you dont always find at food places... i like the atmosphere... it is super casual and has some good drinks... check it out if you are in the area and not in the mood for postinos
3	The Orange is a popular, well-reputed joint in my neighborhood. The Pizzaria is connected to a small bakery and deli. IMO, it's overpriced and over-rated. The parking is usually impossible and often dangerously full of gargantuan SUVs and expensive sports cars. There is valet parking available at times that is also overpriced, pretentious, and unnecessary. The parking lot is tiny and I need a valet to park my car? What a racket. Overflow parking is available on street in the bicycle lane (thanks a lot folks!)I used to have coffee here in the mornings week-ends in the outdoor cafe', but the place has become a neighborhood nusiance. The orange caters to a clientele that largely appears to regard itself as quite UMC. Probably they should be located in Paradise Valley instead of eastern Phoenix.I give it three stars because the food is good. That can't be disputed. The facilities and the company leave much to be desired though. If your idea of an enjoyable experience includes good food surrounded by SUV-driving soccer moms with ears adhered to cell phones, this place might just be for you.
5	My first experience @ LGO was w/much in trepidation.  I was a little intimidated.  My husband and I just drove from the Renaissance Faire and we're a little "dusty"  we didn't have one problem parking.  We walked up and put our name in and 10 minutes later we were sitting @ one of those cute tables in the very front of the restaurant for two people only.  Right by the window.  Our waitress was so uber.  She was so attentive and put all of my intimidation to rest.  We got the small order of chicken wings.  I read the description but this doesn't do it justice.  My husband hates onions and doesn't mind the chive ridden dipping sauce @ all.  We ordered the Gladiator.  Pepperoni and Sausage.  Delish.  It was so good.  Next time we will add mushrooms.  Everything was A+.  Even the Diet coke in a can delivered to our table was fantastically cold.
4	Whoa, this place is SUPER crowded all the time!!!   The pizza is pretty good, they have some nice combinations (mushroom party).  The salads are also tasty.  And the bakery bread is delicious.  The cupcakes and other sweets in the display looked really good.  It's kind of like your normal gourmet type of sandwich shop.  It's a little on the pricey side but that's expected for where/what it is. One drawback...it seems to be valet parking for $3.  Sometimes it is and sometimes it isn't.  I wouldn't be so pleased to pay for valet to run in for a quick sandwich.
5	Is there anything that the LGO Hospitality Group touches that isn't fabulous? I have yet to find it.I am embarrassed to say that last night was the first time I have been to the Pizzeria. Between lunch and dinner, I frequent the LGO market at least two or three times a week; and I know most of the crew at Postino - yet, I've never ventured into their world of pizza. That is, until last night.We arrived around 5:45 and ordered a glass of the Rosso and Sangiovese and mulled over the menu. Because we weren't too terribly hungry we debated between the Gladiator and the Roasted Corn Pizza. When our server, Chris, overheard us, he told us they would gladly do half and half so that we can taste both. I was thrilled. When the pizzas came out they were great. The Gladiator is your more traditional style pizza and the Roasted Corn had such an refreshing unique merriment of flavors. We finished by sharing a piece of the Red Velvet Cake. Seriously? I could have had another piece all by myself. Its six or seven thin layers of cake, moist and delicious, separated by an addicting cream cheese frosting that I kept looking for more of. As we were getting ready to leave; I was admiring the pies that were on the table next to us. I was offered a piece of the Avocado Pizza. I never would have ordered it, and at first I declined, but she insisted, I was curious and I caved. Again, it was pretty good. Not sure I would eat a whole Avocado Pizza - but I loved the taster.Rumor has it that the wings are pretty good...I have no reason to doubt that its true. Don't wait as long as I did to try LGO after dark.
4	Pizzeria at LGO.Very comfortable seating.I especially like sitting at the "Chef's Table" and watching the action.Salad came out quickly and was good.Ice Tea was great and a cold beer was tasty.Pizza came out quickly (thankfully as I was hungry).Pizza was tasty and fun, look forward to trying other ones.Certainly was Bianco good, but better than CPK / similar to Cibo.I was (and always will be) disappointed they don't have a full bar.  In fact I wish the beer selection was larger, but what they do have is good. (Stella, Hefe, etc..)Parking can be tricky, so Valet, or snoop a spot and deal with it.Will be back for sure.
4	Went here for breakfast before a hike.  The ordering process is chaotic and finding a table is a serious challenge.  However, they took breakfast to a new level...love that extra thick and crispy bacon and creamy eggs...yum.
4	Given its location and surroundings (Postino's, fancy little grocery, etc), LGO is surprisingly casual inside, which I actually enjoyed.There seemed to be a decent selection of wine (sorry, I didn't pay attention to the beer list) and if they don't have what you want, you can grab a bottle at the grocery and drink that.  I had the sangria, but didn't really love it.The pizza though, oi, so yummy.  We had just cheese and sausage, and it was delicious.  I was a little iffy ordering sausage as I'm pretty picky about it, but it was great.  Had I not been trying to be a little ladylike, I could see myself scarfing down most of a whole pizza. I also have bumped LGO to the top of my list of good places to take out of town guests, especially pickier eaters.  Who doesn't love pizza?Update:  The roasted corn pizza is FANTASTIC.
5	What is with this wait that people complain about here?  I pretty much only go on Friday and Saturday nights around 7 or 8 pm and we usually get a table within 15 minutes or sit right down at the chef's table.The parking is a nightmare, but I since given up on trying to find a regular parking spot after they expanded to like a dozen 15 minute spots. After one of their parking dudes they pay to stand around and make wild motions at BMWs told me just to park in one after I got screwed out of two spots that opened up for me I haven't looked back.The pizza is absolutely perfect thin crust pizza. It is amazingly consistent in particular with its crust in comparison to places like Cibo where the pizza is hit-and-miss and the center of the pizza is often soggy.They have some fancy combinations of pizzas available, but its really just the quality of the ingredients and the consistency of cooking that make it great. My stand-by is the avocado pizza with prosciutto. You top that with their awesome Parmesan cheese, some descent wine, maybe an orange fennel salad, and a David Bowie marathon for a meal that competes well against orgasms in the battle for human stimulation.And then there is that amazing authentic Italian gelato shop next door to top it off. Damn. I'm surprised that in a red state, Republicans don't pass a law to shut down this type of place. Or maybe just prohibit them from selling alcohol in combination with such a stimulating environment like they do at strip clubs that do the full monty.
4	Love their Pizzas, The Avocado pizza and the mushroom party are my fave! Love the Caesar salad , yummy California rolls, love the grocery side too.Downside is no waiter service until after 4pm!  You also can't order pizza during the week until after 4pm!  Parking is a nightmare and they are always very busy. My biggest complaint would be when my family and I had went there to celebrate mothers day (not on actual mothers day) one year and they did not want us to move a couple of tables together, they expected us to all sit at separate tables...WTF.....I mean they really put up a fight over this  BUT, Of course I was not having that, and moved them anyway....I've noticed since then they have welded the tables to the ground and you CANNOT move them, so if you are going with more than 4 people it really sucks!I do Love the food so I will suffer serving myself and having to put up with the mobs on the weekend to enjoy a pizza for lunch.I had to take away a star because it's really inconvenient to go there even if the food is divine.
3	I would give it 5 stars for the food but only giving it 3 stars because I can never find parking!!!!!I love the whole corner, it's so cute and cozy and European.  The shop in the restaurant is also awesome!  I'm always picking up fancy pasta or a neat book.  I enjoy getting gelato and a cute card afterwards.As far as the food, the ice tea is the best in the city!  The pizza's are awesome and the cheeseburgers are big and juicy enough to share.  The coconut cupcakes could be a daily staple in my life.  If only they had more parking!
5	I love pizza, and I've tried pizza all over the valley (including the famed Pizzaria Bianco), but I am yet to find a place I like better than La Grande Orange.  The crust is flavorful and crispy and the toppings are exotic and delicious.The roasted corn is my topping of choice.  Their specialty salads are phenomenally good as well.  With Gelato and a grocery next door, it makes for a complete evening.Spend the evening eating pizza, then come back for breakfast the next morning.
4	The pizzas are great. My husband loves, loves, loves the Padre.The hamburger and salads are so delicious. The parking can be a challenge. Just be patient, go early or late and pray for a good spot. Valet parking is a decent option.We have brought our 3 year old daughter there for dinner and she does okay for a toddler. We just promise her a gelato from next door. Actually, we end up buying the gelato and she eats that while we eat dinner and box up her meal for later.
4	LGO is a great little spot for Sunday lunch after a day of shopping.  Located on a corner with more than one restaurant to choose from made parking difficult but we finally found a spot.  Pretty crowded for 5:00 on Sunday, but we only had to wait about 20 min. and went next door to check out the grocery store.  We were going to get a bottle of wine and open it with dinner but there was a $9 charge to do so, so we opted out. Tried the ceviche as an app...being a big time ceviche fan I was not really impressed...was that an olive I tasted?  hmmm.... now to pizza.  Between 5 of us we decided to try the avacado pizza, the fallen angel and the padre (each pizza serves 2).  Although I Iove avacado's the lemon on that pizza was just a little too much for me, the fallen angel was good, with tasty fennel sausage, but the padre took the cake!  This was the only pizza that had no leftovers, the prosciuto, arugula, fig and ricotta was a combination I had never tried, but was absolutely delicious.   Too bad we were too stuffed for dessert, I would have loved to try the gelato spot next door...maybe next time.
3	I had heard about this place for quite some time and decided to check it out. The pizza was good, but not amazing. The way the restaurant was laid out was quite confusing and I kept having to ask the employees there how to order, where to get drinks, and where they would call my name. The confusion lies in the fact that they let the grocery image of the business run front. I think that is silly since I heard about that via there pizza that should be there flagship business IMO. Anyway, back to the food it was good, but not better then pizza bianco, but I agree it is a nice place to take a date if its casual.Due to the location and the fact that the pizza is just ok, i probably wont go there too often.
4	Great Pizza,Wow,I haven't been on a date here but if I find one I'm going here on date number 2.  Why, because I would look smooth and spontaneous.  If we need to wait for our table I'll take her by the hand and go to the grocery store connected to La Grande Orange to pick a bottle of wine.  Dress:A bit above casual, I wore my crocks and was not totally out of place.  If you dress up you won't be out of place either.  Pass Reviews, the only low star reviews.Jason R. step out of the box, not all restaurants should be the same.Sheila, Vale parking is cheap right behind the restaurant.  Jason c. Dominos said your a great customer.
4	The pizza is like CPK but a whole lot better. Their pizza won't make you feel guilty after you eat it, very fresh ingredients with a light crust.  I've had a fantastic arnold palmer, sangria, and red velvet cake here as well.
5	My favorite pizza in Phoenix! After moving here, I was on a search for good pizza. Having lived in New York City for many years, I was used to high pizza standards. This definitely was a clear winner. I also love walking around La Grande Orange grocery while waiting for a table to see what fun new stuff they got in!
4	Best pizza in the valley (before you rip my head off, let me disclose that I have yet to try Bianco). LGO also has pretty good burgers, salads and consistently great sangria. Pretty cool, casual atmosphere.  If you're feeling social they have face-to-face seating on both sides a long, community bar.Best of all, LGO is conveniently located next to the best Gelato in AZ--Arlecchino.
4	Very good.  The staff is warm and friendly.  The atmosphere is nice and very clean.  The pizza and salads are tasty.  Not lacking much here.
3	I guess it was bound to happen, people grow apart, love doesn't always last.It's hard enough to park at your place, but I'd always finagle a way. Just to be near you. Then the neighbors started blocking the side road options, but I was willing to walk to be with you.I had noticed your growing libido and sophistication, you got into wine. Sometimes you drank too much, but I wasn't concerned, you were witty, you were upscale, you won awards. So you got a bit arrogant and cocky, who wouldn't with all the sudden acclaim? I thought with time you'd chill out and we'd be cool again.When you started sharing your fantasies about some Italian chick from Milano, I was somewhat jealous, but you said there was plenty of you to go around. Maybe that would have been the case if you didn't move her into the same block where we hung together. Did you really have to crowd me out that way?I should have seen the signs back then, but I didn't want to. I'd come by and you were always so busy. I don't want to cramp your style, but I missed your flavor baby. I didn't want to be too clingy, so I didn't come by as often. Every now and then I'd think back to our first date. The flickering candle and the juicy large grilled wings. Your wings were so good and tempted again I'd head out. On the way I remembered a more recent visit when your wings, like your feelings had started to change. Sometimes burnt, sometimes cold. Your mind wasn't on us, baby. Your mood swings were getting out of control. I suspected that your attention was all on that lovely Milano Chick, but she's a fling and I'm the real deal, so I let you be.Weeks would go by before I'd talk myself into spending some time with you. I started to be more creative when we made love, customizing the toppings despite the surcharges piling up. Taking our traditional 13 dollar item straight into the stratosphere. Oh you tasted great this way, but the price of these visits were starting to hurt. I soothed my hurt feelings with the richness of Arlecchino next door. Yeah, if you can love an Italian, so could I baby. He was always willing to lend an ear, to let me cry on his shoulder when you were too busy to give a damn. I told him about the time when I came over and sat on the couch for 20 minutes before you even realized you had company.  You had one of your hipster friends serve me some drinks, telling me you were in the back and would be right out, but you never came. I walked out in tears, but not before a quickie with Arlecchino. And how another time you made me pay for your bad wings and I didn't catch it on the bill until later, that was underhanded and cold. Arlecchino just nodded and gave me two free samples. He's a considerate partner.After I walked out that night, you hardly ever called me, but my cravings for the memories of the past would sometimes return. I think of the night we shared that roasted corn and goat cheese, that pitcher of Stella Artois and you introduced me to all your new hipster friends. So when I came by on Sunday afternoon I was puzzled.  You didn't even greet me at the door with a smile. I let myself in. Where did all your hipster friends go, LGO? I was determined not to just sit on the couch being ignored again.I'll be patient, I'm sure you'll be right over.So hungry for you, I glimpsed a blond over in the kitchen. I had to know, did she know where you were? Oh, she said, looking at me like I was your mother not lover she said  "Those hipster friends don't hang here, just get in line over there and help yourself." So shocked, you're just a whore now to everyone. I'm supposed to go over to the meat market, stand in line with the rest of your bitches, tell you what I want without even a welcoming kiss of attention and then get it myself when it's ready? Or I can call ahead and you'll leave some love note on a counter for me to pick up and take home to read alone?This is how you roll? I'm not even worth a goodbye hug?So I'm leaving my own little love note to you with my BFF Yelp."Baby, when I come over to your place, I want to sit down, be with you one on one, maybe chat with some of your friends. Have them bring me the warm lemon towel when you get my fingers all sticky.  I don't want to wait in line like a Mcdonald's, for your attentions, then go serve it to myself. If I wanted to self pleasure I wouldn't be on a date. I finally get it. You're just not that into me anymore. You know what, the feeling is mutual. Consider your poser ass dumped."
5	By far the best pizza in Phoenix.  They have a pizza with slices of avacado that is amazing.  The crust of their pizzas is truely ADDICTIVE!  This is my favorite pizza place.  The atmosphere is great and casual, but with an urban vibe.  You will love this place.
5	As many here have said, The Padre is the way to go. It's composed of several delicious flavors that work magically together.This is a nice place to take friends and family.
5	Here's some irony: I moved to New York City and the restaurant I most miss from Phoenix is a pizza place. Especially the sweet potato pizza in the fall! Sometimes I crave LGO pizza so much I wanna beg friends to dry ice it and ship it to Brooklyn.(Forgive me, New York.)
5	I know this is an oldie but such a goodie!!From the salads, sandwiches, pastries to pizza. The music is loud, the parking sucks but La Grande Orange has created its own buzz that I enjoy. It has created kind of a bohemian atmosphere with the tribal sounds of brazillian music! Sundays after a climb on camelback make for a great brunch/lunch dealio.Every time I get a take-out salad from LGO - people always ask me where I got it from. They now have curb-side service so you dont have to aggrivate yourself for a parking spot - YAY!!
1	After waiting for a parking spot with no results, I found a remote spot in the nearby neighborhoods.  Boo.The wait was waaaaaaay too long, but I had an enjoyable time checking out the grocery store next door.Ok, so pizza, wine, etc.  - not too bad.  But here's where it went wrong.My ditsy waitress charged my credit card three times for my entire table's bill.  Then the ditsy manager couldn't fix it.  So I was then charged for my meal.  Hoping things went well.Instead, my debit card was charged four times.So I called back a few days later and the other ditsy manager gave me the run around, and refused to refund my credit card for the mistakes she and the other sorority girl made.  I was told to wait it out.I called back later on that week for a second opinion and received the same hurried answer from another manager.Three weeks later, it disappeared from my bank statement.I believe that a restaurant should be service that compliments their food.The food was ok. but not worth the hassle.
4	Finally got a chance to try this place on Sunday night!  Like everyone says parking is difficult, but it wasn't too bad the night we went despite the 20 minute wait we had for a table.  First off, we were seated and Maya took our drink orders....big plus for the boyfriend was the Red Rocket seasonal beer on tap....but then we waited, and waited, and waited to order.  Not a big deal, we are patient people.  We finally order the Caesar salad, Margarita pizza, the one with pepporoni (see how much of a vegetarian I am? Can't even spell pepporoni) and sausage.  We got the Ceasar salad with the dressing on the side, and were not impressed.  It was basically an $8 plate of lettuce with a tiny bit of cheese and maybe 8 croutons.  Boooooo.  I guess that's what I get for trying to be healthy.The pizza's on the other hand were amazing!  I get the margarita where ever we go, and this one tops them all......so yummy and a good amount of basil, cheese, and sliced tomatoes.  Big enough for 2, for sure!  After the pizza we went to the grocery and got a big cookie (made at Tammie Coe? next door) and it was chewy, chocolately deliciousness.We'll definitely be back!
5	This place is awesome. I try to go there and eat atleast every other month.
5	This is THE best pizza I've had!!  Been to Lombardi's in NY and it doesn't compare.  The dough is thin, crispy and chewy!!  I can't wait to go back to AZ to get me some pizza!!If you're looking for a "good ol boys" pizza place with pitchers of beer,  unlimited amount of soda, dark wood and dart boards..... this isn't the place.  I went during happy hour and got the white sangria. Lots of nice big chunks of fruit and you can hardly taste the alcohol..... It's one of those drinks that will get you messed up because it taste like fruit juice and you'll have another and another and another!!Had the baked chicken wings. They were juicy and had homemade blue cheese dressing.... OMG!!!Pizza - had half Gladiator and half Classic margherita.  I'm still thinking about it.  I miss it SO!Red Velvet cake - It didn't taste like the typical.  A little less sweet but it was scrumptious!  I want another piece!!The parking is really bad... so get here early.
2	As a break from studying for one of those standardized tests with a three or four letter abbreviation for a name, I decided to order a pizza for take away from La Grande Orange. After perusing the restaurant's simple and easy to navigate Web site, I decided on a margherita pizza with sausage. Upon ordering, I declined the what I will describe as "carhop service." Why should I perpetuate the social alienation that automobiles and the urban design of Phoenix promote by taking advantage of such a service (and likely having to tip for it)?Thirty minutes later, I arrived at the miniature stripmall. I'm sure many a yuppie have become enraged upon having their oversized SUV dented in the restaurant/grocer's small parking lot. I felt out of place in my 1999 Toyota Corolla (even with it being the "luxury edition"). I pondered if only individuals with a carbon footprint the size of Godzilla eat at La Grande Orange. I also wondered how pleasant it was for those "dining in" to sit with a view of SUVs and suburban sprawl in a building of little architectural merit.First entering through the "restaurant" portion of the grocery, I stood for nearly five minutes with a look of confusion on my face as I watched high school-aged girls construct pizza boxes. I was assuming one of them would welcome me and ask me why I was here and how they could help me. That did not happen and I had to ask where I should pick up my pizza of my own initiative. I was directed to the nearby "grocery," which was full of equal parts delicious looking breads and Halloween crap. In the "grocery," I stood for another five minutes in one of three lines before I was finally directed to the right place to request my pizza. The girl I paid with was definitely unfriendly and borderline rude. Upon discovering she had no pen for me to sign my credit card slip, she went to retrieve one and then thrust it towards me with a "Here!" At this point, my frustration with the unfriendly staff combined with the realization that I had just paid more for my pizza at La Grande Orange (over $17) than I would have paid for a similar pie at Pizzeria Bianco to generate intense displeasure with the whole operation.While I enjoyed my pizza and its unique sourdough crust upon consuming it at home (the ingredients were very fresh and I think I would like to try their avocado or roasted corn pies in the future), my general distaste for everything else about La Grande Orange (from price to staff to fellow patrons) will probably keep me from returning anytime soon.
5	So I finally went there for dinner. Their pizza is amazing!!! We had 3 different types and all were stunning especially the roasted corn! The crust is out of this world. They also have a great sangria which i had a few too many of.....oops o:). If you are going to go at night with more then 2 people, I would suggest making reservations and they do have avalet but you can usually find a spot on the north side of Campbell and 40th st. If you live in the Valley this is a definate MUST!!!!
4	Psst! Hey, I like you more than Pizzeria Bianco. Mainly because you have good pizza, and I don't have to spend half my life on a waiting list for it. Hip-hip-hooray for stress-free pizza!
4	Discovered in 2007. I've been here time and time and time again. Now that I've moved to SF, I still believe this is a great place and am excited to go back for my favourite Croque Madame!! Can't wait, seriously. Pizza isn't that memorable. I come here for the Croque and Arnold Palmer (and Liquid Sugar).
4	Was in phoenix on business and dug ujp this little spot with a bit of research. Well worth the drive from where I was staying. Service was warm and friendly - but not intrusive..atmosphere was lively, perhaps even a bit loud..but I wasn't there for a romantic dinner - just for great food. I did a half and half on the pizza with the waiters suggestion....the avocado pizza with prosciutto was to die for! Nice glass of white sangria and a an oh so yummy piece of red velvet cake for desert. I could not help but wander around and have a scoop of gelato next door and then browse through the grocery/bakery in this complex while I was there. A wonderful spot for a casual evening out. The only drawback is the parking, but they do have a $3 valet that will handle that discomfort for you.
5	Although I've been coming to LGO forever, I never really talked about it... It was there... everyone knew about it... but now... it seems like LGO is going global... I'm thinking its going to be the next Starbucks... I'm sure plans are already in the works for LGO Bangalore! They're opening a Postino down the street from me in Central Phoenix !! YEAH... I'm really tired of FEZ.. I can only hope that they change the C-Back/Central corner much they way they changed Arcadia!! Well, went there last night with my buds and thought we have some of their FANTASTIC white sangria and their wings.. In my opinion... The food of the Gods! OK, yeah... I could have gone to wing-street... or KFC... But as god as my witness... the combo of Sangria and Wings ...mmmmmmmm... First of all the wings are plump, juicy, large wings... grilled with a savory sauce unlike any I've ever had. Served with a home-made cheesy ranch dip... YUM.. coupled with a house salad.. Wooooo! The Sangria is AWESOME! Fresh fruit, smooooooth finish.... I can never have just 4... yum...Watch out for Thursday night Cougar nite... they seem to be everywhere! If you dig that stuff... you will be in total heaven!
5	Ceviche, wings, rosat corn pizza... drooooool. I have eaten here four or five times and can not find ANYTHING to complain about. Service is constantly spot on, food is always good/consistent, and i LOVE sitting at the bar.  I have to agree with Tee D, when i am home for the holiday i will probably feel myself gravitating towards LGO before i brave the hours of wait and hassle at Bianco. It really honestly is just as good but without all the hullabaloo. They did have a white sangria that was... white (no one told us) and kind of gross but who cares, the mouth watering quality of everything else made that a minor footnote in our dinning experience. Also The gladiator and the padre deserve honorable mention behind my roast corn 'za, all incredible pizzas.
5	Here is my review in a nutshell:  We live in Chandler and will drive here to pick up a pizza and take it home to eat.  It is THAT good and worth the trip.We always get a margherita pizza with sausage and garlic.  We have eaten it in the restaurant, but most of the time we bring it home.  My husband turns on our oven to 450 degrees and puts the whole pizza on a pizza stone for about 3 minutes.  The pizza is perfect and delicious.  We devour it and always wish there was one more piece.  As we are reaching for the last pieces I always notice the look on his face (and I know I have the same look) of longing....wishing there was more.I'm drooling now just thinking about it.
3	La Grande. Hmmm. You know the food is good - there wouldn't be lines out the door everyday if it wasn't.However, no matter how good your food is, or how popular your restaurant is, customer service is still important. I arrived here for a small lunch with some co-workers around 12:00 on a weekday - this is where I made my first mistake. The line extended out the door and there was zero parking. There was a mess of people everywhere. The line was a mess, no one knew how to order or where. When we finally get to the front of the line there is a huge display case of tammy coe cakes, it was tempting to check them out, but we couldn't because some guy behind the counter was screaming at us to order. Seriously, and when I didn't answer immediatly I got a dirty look! Sad for them though, I probably would have ordered more had I not been rushed. I ordered my turkey sandwich and started to search for a place to sit. We eventually found a seat in the pizza area. Then had to go back out to wait for our names to be screamed out to get our food. So classy.My sandwich was good: the bread was good, the turkey was good, but not worth the wait and the grumpy staff.
4	Woah talk about confusing, starting with the entrance - we walked in through the back door, right through the kitchen.. still not sure if that was actually an acceptable thing to do. Nobody said anything if it wasn't. Then what? Looked around for a hostess, didn't see one - were we supposed to seat ourselves or get in line? Which line? The big one going out the door? The coffee station? The pastry station? Did we have to go to each one for something different? Would have asked somebody if there had been anyone to ask. Like I said, confusing. Won't be that way for you, of course, because I'm going to lay it all out for you...Ok, so there ain't really all that much to lay out.. It's pretty simple, actually. Split up, that's my advice - one of yous grab a table - there aren't many when they're busy - and somebody else get in line - doesn't matter which one. We ordered everything we needed from the coffee station. Apparently that's a secret, because the other one was going out the door, like I said.The food - we shared the french pancakes, these super thin little slices of Heaven, and the tofu "chorizo" burrito. Rockin' good breakfast. Very tasty, and a nice change of pace. Beware: the orange juice is freshly squeezed and jam packed with pulp. Cool if that's your thing, not so much if it ain't.And in retrospect, all that confusion - was all kind of part of the charm of the place. Weird, huh?
2	The first time I had the "fallen angel" pizza I thought it was good.  The fennel flavor came through nicely and the sausage was plentiful and I felt it was worth the $14.  Popped in the other night as we were trying to decide if we should make the 2 hour drive home or spend the night in PHX.  Ordered the "fallen angel" and this time it wasn't duplicated, lacked flavor, minuscule amount of sausage and the crust was really chewy.  We ordered a fish sandwich for take-away.  It had a very fishy smell that permeated through the packaging on our way to our lodging.  Our hostess who we had ordered it for declared it overcooked, but than I should know better than to order fish for take-away and from a facility that really doesn't do fish, unless you count the tuna.
1	I don't know if I'm reeeally allowed to review this because we didn't actually order anything.But, I'll give you the rundown.It was Valentines day, or AZ Statehood day. We arrived after discovering Pizzeria Bianco had a 4-5 hour wait. We called LGO ahead and asked if they were very busy and they said they weren't. Once we arrived we were seated immediately and decided what we wanted and waited. And waited... It was 20 minutes late, and a couple that had just been seated had a waiter immediately. That's when we knew they forgot us, I'm sure the pizza would have been good, but I think customer service is a huge deal so we got outta there! On they way home we decided to order Hungry Howie's instead. Oh well, we were ready to spend $40 on pizza but $20 tasted better anyway.So, zero stars for being ignored!
5	i just made an account on yelp so i could write a review for this place. i was visiting from California and my friend was like.. "i have to take you to this place! you will love it!" he was so right. we got there about 5 minutes before closing time on a saturday night.they were super cool about it though. didn't rush us at all.i had a pizza called "the gladiator." AMAZING. we also ordered a kids meal for an appetizer. it was peanut butter and jelly "sushi." really cute! came with french fries, carrots and celery. the waitress was really nice and helpful. good about refilling our drinks. when we were done another waiter came over and chatted with us and got us a to-go box and then continued to tell us the best way to reheat the pizza the next day. he also got us new drinks in to-go cups.. .which is awesome :-) i highly recommend this place. everything we ate was REALLY great. also bought a chocolate cupcake from the bakery. outstanding. i will definitely go there again when I'm back in phoenix!
2	I had been coming here since it seems like 2003 or so and for 4 years or so had been consistently delighted with the food - they were always too-crowded and service/wait times consistently showed that strain. I've stopped coming here - preparation and ingredient quality have diminished steadily since late 2007 and crossed a boundary for me by November 2008
4	Love to come here early in the morning on the weekend (before 8am). We bring our 17 month in and the loud music covers his early morning noises. The food is fresh and bright and delicioso, the atmosphere is pretty good, the clientele are upscale and eclectic. This is a good spot, except that we are starting to get  bit bored by the food. It's great, but we could use a little menu change once in a while. The aforementioned music is usually too loud -and I'm a guy who inhaled and listened to Van Halen I at at full volume for about three years-- but we still love it and the fact that we can get in there without crowds is really a plus.
4	What a cute place! If I lived in the Phoenix area, LGC (as Gabi K calls it) and I would be good friends. It seems to have so many personalities -- all of them fabulous. I only was able to enjoy a "lunch-to-go" here, and it didn't disappoint. I have the Chopped Pizza Salad and sushi along with some tasty iced tea. There seem to be some many items in the market cum deli com pizzaria cum wine spot, that I needed more time to explore them all. Biggest surprise? They have bottled their own maple syrup! Next time I must try those cupcakes. they looked YUM-MY!
5	I really enjoying coming to LGO with my girlfriend about 1 hour before closing.  We found that when we go too early there is very little parking and there is always a wait.  So we opted to go later and have found this to be the best time.  The wait staff is very nice and helpful around this time too, since it close to closing the staff is more relaxed and fun.  With less people in the place it also makes for a more romantic setting.I really enjoy getting half Lime Avocado and half roasted corn pizza.  I feel you get the best of both worlds with this half and half.  Nice cool and smooth texture when you bite into the Lime Avocado slice and then the roasted corn slice gives you a pop of flavor and.I have found that the wine selection has a few good choices to complete the pizza or if you are a pizza and beer person the beer selection is average.  You will be able to find a beer that you like on the list.If you feel like getting a little desert when you are done with your meal then you go can walk next door and get some delicious gelato; that is if you get done with your dinner before they close.
3	I have a wonderful love/hate relationship with LGO. You know when you have a friend who is just...difficult but awesome? You know that it is going to be a bit of a challenge to get together with him/her, and they might give you a hard time? But once you do get settled in, all is well and your friend is awesome? So that's where I am with LGO. I have been coming here for 4 years or so, and the parking always sucks (as previously mentioned) and the lines are always long (also previously mentioned). I suppose its impressive that this place is so packed all the time....but based on the food, it's not surprising.The food is awesome- particularly the pizzas and the commuter sandwich. Also they have some of the best prepackaged salads I have ever had....I'm not even a salad girl! Overall, LGO is a place with character, entertainment, and great food. One more thing is the size- during the lunch/dinner rush it is particularly difficult for those in wheelchairs to manuever the room. Last year I scheduled a meeting with several colleagues, and one who was in a wheelchair had a very hard time- we had to ask another group to switch with us so she could get up to the table. I'm quite certain it was pretty embarassing for her.
4	Definitely thought about 5 stars, am still thinking about 5 stars but am going to give it 4 for the moment. I think I need another La Grande pizza to give it a bold 5 stars. All food critics journey to a restaurant at least 2, 3, 4, 15 times before giving their final critique- the same goes for me, by the twentieth time or so I still haven't had everything I think I could, twice or so over. Love the pizza, Love the french fries- possibly the last two foods I would have if it was my last day on Earth.
5	I have been here twice and the first time I was not impressed. The pizza was okay and I was not a fan of their sangria which is what they are supposed to be known for! I have honestly had better sangria at Olive Garden. However the second time I stayed away from the sangria and had wine which is always great!  The food was delicious and the staff was wonderful. They were very nice the first time I went as well. Perhaps I was not  in the right frame the first time but I will go back again based on my second experience. I orderd the cheese pizza and had the peanut butter pie from the grocery next door. The peanut butter pie is enough to give this place 5 stars! However the pizza was delicious and I hated to share it with my friends! Just goes to prove that you should always give a place a second chance!
3	I definitely didn't love this restaurant like other "yelpers". I do like the idea that all of the owners spots are right in the same area, especially 3 right in a block's distance and another right up the street. Got the wings to start, they do have a good amount of chicken on them, but the sauce didn't do it for me. I also tried the pizza and hamburger. I have read before that they have the BEST burger in the area. I did not think it was the best, but I also didn't order the green chili burger, which was the one I read so much about. To me the pizza was very basic, but I know others have enjoyed it. I was not completely disappointed with my experience, but I'm not rushing to go back either.
4	Good spot with good pizza, particularly the Roasted Corn, but the hype and crowds don't quite justify the hassle.  I go usually when I need to get a gelato fix at Archellinos or my wife has her bi-monthly Tammie Coe Red Velvet cravings.Memo to LGO ownership:  It's called a parking lot and they were developed to provide ease and convenience to patrons.  I'd recommend looking into getting one.
4	There is nothing like riding your cruiser to La Grande Orange on a Sat or Sun. This is a great place to listen to the music and people watch, while enjoying a nice breakfast, salad, sandwich, pizza, coffee or glass of sangria. It's usually busy, but fairly laid-back. Grab today's paper, bring your laptop and enjoy the ambiance. The big draw-back is the parking.
4	Good and unique.
3	This place has such great potential. The drink menu is pretty decent and they have some creative pizzas. I always end up getting the mushroom party, which is exactly as awesome as it sounds. The dessert is to die for too. Give me a red velvet cupcake and I will swoon.Three things keep me from coming back here more often:1) It's rather small and cramped2) The service has been slow every time I've been there3) Parking is practically nonexistent
5	I am from Chicago and this is definitely my favorite place to go for pizza here in Arizona!  I'm also a huge fan of sourdough, so it is pretty perfect for me!!!My favorite is the thin sausage pizza.  So yummy!!!Parking is a pain and the wait staff isn't the friendliest.  I came in yesterday with my two daughters pretty early in the evening.  Our waitress picked up my daughters plate before she was even finished, cleaned up the entire table while we were still sitting there, and even took all the napkins.  I needed the napkins to wipe their hands after eating pizza...why would you take brand new, clean napkins away when I have two small kids with me?
5	We went to LGO with my inlaws & husband for our anniversary dinner. We had 3 pizzas- corn, veggie, and a veggie with chillies on it. All 3 were great, we actually had a discussion to determine which one was better. All of us are looking forward to going soon, my inlaws live in Glendale & want to come and pick up pizza from LGO now!
4	You need to know that parking really does suck here.  Yes, it sucks that much that it's the first thing that needs to be put in the review.  Go there aware of this, and you can still have a great time.LGO is a pretty cool place that I suspect came out of nowhere and has since flooded the little corner it sits on.  It wholly deserves the attention, mind you, as that whole tiny plaza is awesome (this does consist of a gelato shop, LGO Pizza, and LGO Grocery).  The first stop on the trip was to LGO Pizzeria.The place was packed even late into the dinner hour.  It was a Saturday, so this wasn't really shocking.  Luckily, we were able to sit at the long communal immediately.  This also meant we go to look right at all the delicious looking pizzas coming out of the oven.  Needless to say, we felt real hungry, real fast.Wine was chosen from the enormous tome of options (they sell wine at retail from the LGO grocery next door) and a few wings ordered.  The wings that arrived were very, very, very good.  I'm not even a huge fan of wings and these were just spectacular.  Baked and quite probably marinated for hours, they just fell right off the bone.The pizzas, when they arrived, looked as good as everything else that had passed up by.  The Avocado pizza was an interesting blend of light cheese, avocado, and lemon zest.  While the lemon balanced the avocado out well, it wasn't quite to my taste.  The Rocket Man, on the other hand, was good and spicy.  Actually, the two pizzas were both very complementary to one another and the experience of the meal definitely benefited from it.
4	The sourdough crust is Amazing!  I used to work there, so I've tried pretty much everything and it is all scrumptious.  I especially love the gladiator and roasted corn pizzas and I actually ate a whole pizza on my way home in the car once.  I know, I'm disgusting.
5	Great. If you have never been I would highly suggest going. Has great pizza...another local spot that blows Pizzeria Bianco out of the water. This place is pretty packed on the weekends and you can expect to wait at least 30 minutes on any given day.The service here is top notch and I have never had a bad meal. This is one of those places that you wish no one knew about because it is so good you want to keep it to yourself. Me yelping about it is not helping but they are so busy most times the secret's out...and if you don't know now ya know!!!!5 stars!!!
5	The best margarita pizza in town - and we know our pizza. The perfect flavor. Great restaurant with a simple menu and good atmosphere. Fantastic chicken wings, salads and margarita pizza. The sangria is pretty good too. Usually a bit of a wait, but worth it. Can do some browsing at the market next door during your wait and grab Gelatto after.
4	Broccolini, spicy peppers, and thin crust pizza. You combine three of my favorite things and you get the Rocket Man. So very good. LGO manages to keep its wood fired crusts substantial and bready, yet never, ever flaccid (unlike other so-called wood fired pizza joints *ahem*Bianco*cough*Cibo). I'm knocking off a star because the place is always yuppie pandemonium, and you have to watch your ass in the parking lot because it's full of Range Rovers driven by women who don't know how to maneuver a large vehicle. But, they get part of that star back for the adjacent gelato shop. Perfection.
4	Went Friday night for a late dinner and was pleasantly surprised with their green chili burger.  I have had the pizza and love the cheese with fresno chili's on it.  I was just craving something different.  The menu said they were rated best burgers in Phoenix this year and I do admit they are up there on my list.   I highly recommend stopping in if you never have before or try the burger if you've never done so.
3	Well finally! Just over a year ago Gabi invited me to lunch at LGO, then we switched and went somewhere else and that is the last time I have been on the verge of going there. Not that EVERYONE didn't recommend it. When people hear where I live they assume I'm making daily trips to LGO, which I now know, I should have been! Dottsy and I hit up LGO on Wednesday night, meeting at 7:30. Of course the place was packed, not to mention the absurd parking lot (thank god I rode my bike!), but the LGO gods smiled on me and I found two seats at the chef's table almost immediately. I took in the menu as I waited for Dottsy (late as always, but I forgive you), though honestly there's not a lot to take in as the options are few and very straightforward. Then I stared at other people's food and got really excited. So excited that it took me forever to figure out what I wanted to eat (Shrimp Ceviche, Pizzeria Chop Salad, Mushroom Party Pizza or Veg-o-rama pizza were the final four). Dottsy bought us some time by telling the server he was both 'GORGEOUS!' and had 'BEAUTIFUL EYES.' Way to take one for the team Dottsy. I went for the Pizzeria Chop Salad and the Butternut Squash Soup to start.  My soup was decent, but really, I need to stop ordering things I make really well at home because I'm never wowed. Anyway, the salad was yummy and I'd asked for no raisins and our server even came by to make sure it was raisin-free (it was, and btw he really was beautiful).  Dottsy's pizza looked great and I got to sample a slice and immediately wanted a whole pie to myself. I guess it's all the more reason to head back to LGO and work through the rest of the menu!
3	This is one of my favorite places in town but I had a bad experience today. Ordered a new item for me, San Danielle... when it was served, it was just well... ugly. The sandwich was cut into four pieces and just scattered on the plate and it looked so small. I am used to their sandwiches coming with a small side of mixed fruit but mine came with a quarter of a gala apple... it wasn't even deseeded (is that the right term?). The sandwich tasted okay, but not great. Okay, so I know that people are cutting corners, but for the price i'd expect a little more care with the presentation and a bit more product. I love this place and will be back, maybe my experience was a one off, but has any one else noticed these sorts of 'changes'?
5	So I've been to LGO numerous times over the past couple years, ever since my girlfriend took me there for a hungover breakfast.  I've always enjoyed their variety of menu options, and find it a good place to take people for a quick and easy breakfast/lunch option.  The food is reasonably priced, with the exception of their beautiful and creative Tammie Coe cakes with are crazy expensive.The market aspect of LGO gives you something to do while you wait for your food to arrive at the counter.  My favorites are any of their lunch sandwiches.  And my friend loves their egg sandwiches so much he texts me to remind me how good they are.This LGO is too adorable for words, and is hands down the better than their Pasadena location.
5	We love LGO!!! I recently moved back from Italy, and had been looking for a comparable pizza joint. I don't really eat the "American" pizza, ickey. Some friends of ours who live in the area had taken us for dinner one night. What a great surprise. This is the only place in town I know of (except probably Pizzeria Bianco) that you can order a sunny side up egg on your pizza (pretty common in Italy). Overall, great pizza joint. The market next door is great too, lots of yummy stuff and killer caesar salds.
3	I've lived in AZ my entire life and one of my favorite things to do is try out new pizza places. My friend always talked about this place, but we would always vie for Oreganos, Sauce, Grimaldi's, Nello's or somewhere else! I'm giving it three stars for a few reasons.  We just ordered a pepperoni pizza. Pretty simple. I didn't like how you got a Solo cup with ice, and you got to pick a can of soda. Personally, I don't drink coke out of a can and I only like it by fountain, so I thought the whole grab a can and pour it in a cup thing was weird. Plus, no refills, which is lame considering the cup is a kids size small. The pizza was good, but way too expensive for just one pizza. Also, the parking lot is way, way too small for a popular place like this. What I did like was the atmosphere, the pizza was fine, and setup is nice. I like the TVs as well.
5	Really good pizza has to be among the most perfect foods in all the world.  Really good pizza would likely be on my last meal request list.  Specifically the roasted corn and goat cheese pizza at La Grande Orange Pizzeria which has to be near the top of the list for all the great pizzas the two us who contributed to this review have consumed.  And that is a lot of pizza.We were visiting Scottsdale as tourists when the concierge at the resort recommended this place to us.  Bless her.  Very convenient too to be able to shop for wine at La Grande Orange grocery, adjoining, and other goodies while we waited on our take out pizza order.  http://www.yelp.com/biz/la-grande-orange-grocery-phoenix#hrid:4cXbhzxxtmExF9kRjmFViQ/src:selfThe only hitch here is parking is terrible during peak hours. So it goes.  The pizza is worth the parking hassle.  We're on our way back to Scottsdale in a few days for another visit and La Grande Orange Pizzeria is on our "go" list again. The Rocket Man pizza is calling our name this time.
3	Some of the best cheese on a pizza I've ever had. The sauce is very good and the oven-baked pizza is very tasty. Negatives: an insult to the word 'parking'. My 1st visit, I had some of the WORST service to date. We were taken to our table, and we waited, probably a good 20 minutes until somebody came to take our drink order. Should of ordered our food at that time, because we didn't get our drinks, nor anybody to take our food order, for ANOTHER 15 minutes or so. In addition, if you get soda, you get a can, so NO FREE REFILLS. The Caesar salad was pretty good, but came with a bit too much dressing and Parmesan cheese for my taste. The little shops next to the pizzeria was pretty cool. The ambiance of the restaurant was cool, and the pizza was good, but with horrible service, its hard to support this place.I'll go back one more time to see if my experience improves.
5	There are few things I love more than pizza. Its versatility gives you the leeway to combine interesting new ingredients, change the flavor and thickness of the crust, dress it up, or just keep it simple. I could eat pizza for every meal of the day - and have!  The pizza at LGO is really just what I needed this week. LGO is fantastic. Their pizzas are very nicely done. They have really tasty combinations, like the fallen angel with local Schreiner's sausage, peppers, and fennel (fave!) or the rocket man with chiles and broccolini. The crust has a good flavor, and is thin and crisp. The servers are great, and the decor is fun and comfy- love the flowers. I've always wanted to try the wings, but am a sucker for the pizza. When I come to LGO, my favorite thing to do is order my pizza at the LGO Grocery, shop around the fun selection of wines, pastas, cheeses, plants, novelties, and pastries, and then eat on the patio, or even in the back of the store. A very friendly ambiance, and otherwise a really great menu. Best yet, you can pick out a tasty treat for dessert, grab a bottle of wine and make yourself a nice little meal. The pizza at LGO is good, so go try it!
2	Usually I'm pretty forgiving when it comes to service. I generally perceive that the service was OK when my friends think it was awful. I would even say I prefer service on the slower side. But LGO crosses the line from "yea, this is pretty slow but let's just chill and enjoy ourselves" to "Where the f*** is my beer?" and later "where the f*** is the check."The folks at LGO all know they work at a hot little spot that people will come to because the product is good. Every time I go, they've been rude and genuinely disinterested in serving me (I've been to the grocery twice, and the pizzeria once). Pizza was very good, but next time I'll stick with Pizza Heaven where they treat me like a customer. You know, someone who gives you money for the goods and services you provide. Or Pizza a Metro, which has better pizza.
5	I have been a great fan of the LGO since the very beginning-living just down the street. In fact, The whole LGO Phenomenon has made living in our hood a whole lot more interesting. I would say we are pretty much regulars both at the grocery and pizzeria. I think I have probably tried everything on the pizzeria menu at one time or another with my favorites being the chicken wings, the orange fennel and spinach salad and of course the pizza. (Still prefer the fish sandwich the old way...)In the past year (or so) we had noticed a slight decline in the usually great vibe in the pizzeria. The food was lacking a bit of soul and the place just seemed to be getting tired.We went back last week and I noticed a difference right away. The place was mobbed-no big surprise-it was Saturday night-so we put our name in and proceeded to stand in our usual corner to wait it out. No more then 10 minutes went by and the manager apologized for the wait and offered us Sangria. Okay! What's not to like about that? 5 minutes later a server was offering us a slice of cheese pizza. Now, was that necessary? No. We would have waited patiently and people watched.  But was it classy, friendly, and neighborly? Yes! Do they need to do that every time-No.We consider this our neighborhood place and to feel welcomed like that was so nice.The service is usually great at LGO-casual but efficient-the way we like it. Personally, at a place like LGO, I don't care what servers are wearing-I really don't even notice-What I do care about is genuine hospitality. Cara, our server, brings that in spades.The food has its soul back and I love the new gelato look and the expanded dessert menu.I am so thankful LGO has stepped it up, (I suspect with a new manager) and a little reinvention.Maybe we'll see a new salad popping up in the near future?
4	Oh me, oh my. What great food. The salads were a little lame, but my friend and I got the pizza that was supposed to have corn. We ended up nixing the corn and going with pepperoni. The goat cheese on it was fantastic. Great spot.
5	So I just realized that I haven't reviewed the big orange yet I have always been a big fan and absolutely loved every single meal I had here!5 star for the food!!!I'm a meat-lover, and the Fallen Angel has been my all-time favorite. The Avocado one is great as well, just because I'm not a big fan of avocado, I'll still eat the pizza, but give away my avocado to my company. lol. You can taste the freshness in every single bite. I also love the Spinach, Pecan and Apple Salad, fresh ingredients, light vinaigrette dressing, and refreshing and fruity taste. This salad definitely gives you appetite for more!Now I just need another trip back!
4	I met a friend here for brunch on Sunday, and it was a good breakfast spot. It was CRAZY busy though! But, it's order at the counter style, so no matter how busy it is, you can get your order in. Then the only problem is finding a table. We finally got one, but it was RIGHT by the main entrance, so not the best feng shui. PROS: The patio is dog-friendly, it's a happening spot, they have a unique menu, and you can get your order in right away.CONS: Parking is a nightmare. It's really packed. They call your name when your order is ready and it's IMPOSSIBLE to hear them call you when it's busy, so if you're not waiting right by the kitchen, your food will get cold! Mine did. Also, strangely, the tables do not have salt and pepper on them...so...um...bring your own??? idk. I like to put salt and pepper on my eggs, but there wasn't any on the table! Also, NO HOT SAUCE! I asked the woman at the counter for hot sauce, and she seemed surprised! She said to ask the people at the coffee counter....weird. Um...no...they did not have any hot sauce at the coffee counter. I'd still go back again, but I would just bring salt, pepper, and hot sauce!
5	mmm The Commuter sandwich + bacon = my favourite!!!I miss this place!  We were there once a week when I lived close by.  A La Grande adventure is in my near future....  :-D
4	After a long week of only mildly successful work south of the border, I was ready for something easy and comforting, and my Phoenician friend brought me here.  I was immediately tempted by the "buy the bottle retail and we don't charge you a corkage fee" and opted for the MollyDooker Boxer, which I don't see that often, but is quite tasty.  Also helps that they can recork and let you take it with you so that you can optimize your cost and your wine experience by choosing the best by the bottle.For the meal, we split the apple manchego salad and the avocado pizza with prosciutto.  The salad was fresh and tasty and had the right ratio of spinach to toppings, though was a little heavy on the dressing.  The pizza crust was very crisp (in a good way) which was the perfect offset to the smooth texture of the avocado.  Kate said that she was worried that the whole thing would be mushy in the mouth with the avocado but that she was pleasantly surprised at how well it worked with the crispy crust.For dessert, we of course opted for the gelato.  The feature flavor was lavender-pomegranate-rosewater, and was a heavenly aromatic concoction.  We only got singles, and I don't think I could have handled more than that because it was quite flavorful.  Sure, the parking is limited, but the valet next door is free as long as you validate.Hope that I get some more trips to Phoenix in the future so that we can go back and try some of the stuff from the cute grocery!
4	I have seen many italian restaurants come and go, but nothing compares to the "home-feel", "friendliness" and warmth of La Grande Orange. They have one of the most deliciously crafted pizzas I've ever tried. Their breakfast though, in my opinion, is their best asset. Try the commuter's sandwich with salmon and egg, or any of their egg specialties. Perfect for a Sunday morning go-out breakfast.The only drawback I can see is the limited parking space, they have Complimentary Valet parking most of the time though. I guarantee that whatever the wait is, the food is totally worth it.
4	One of my favorite spots in Phx. Parking can be frustrating, so the weekends you should consider valet. All the salads are solid and for pizza, I'd recommend the Avocado Pizza. It is a spin on the standard margherita adding a splash of a freshly squeezed lemon and then topped off with a fresh sliced avocado. For the record, LGO buys the best avocados I've tasted. Another tip buy your bottle of wine in the attached grocery side of LGO for no cork fee and prices aren't bad for bottled wine. Great casual upscale dining atmosphere. Jeans, t-shirt, and great food.
5	Just got back from a quick trip to LGO, tummy is full and happily satisfied :)Three of us arrived around 6pm, had no problem finding a parking spot, lucky! And we were seated immediately after walked in(people started waiting for tables around 6:15ish) Here are the items we shared:+ half a dozen of baked chicken wings for app. (baked and grilled with point reyes blue cheese) - the sauce (buffalo?) was a bit too sour...+ A Mushroom Party - yummmmyyy! the mushrooms are so fresh!+ Fallen Angel - always great :)+ Three glasses of LGO ice tea - I love their ice tea with a slice of orange inside, yes, not lemon, but orange!!Total $44.40 excluding tip. (and some leftover for tomorrow's lunch :). A bit pricy but totally worth it! And great and attentive service!
4	While on business my co-worker and I decided we wanted Pizza. Pulled up my handy Yelp iPhone app and found La Grande Orange Pizzeria near our hotel. It was between LGO and Mama Mia's Brick oven pizza. Glad I chose LGO. Service was quick and the decor was very clean and a smidge upscale from casual. I got the Mushroom Party and my co-worker got the classic cheese so we could split pizzas. The sourdough crust is phenomenal and the pizza's were not greasy (save for the cheese, but not bad). I'm no pizza connoisseur but I've eaten out a lot and hands down, this is the best, freshest tasting pizza I've ever eaten. We had the chips and salsa that also came with a avocado and pimento type of dip. Portions are just the right size and with my Stella Artois on tap, my meal was very enjoyable and satisfying. I found out from the waiter that there are two LGO's in SoCal. One in Pasadena and another in Santa Monica. Both are within driving distance from me and I now plan on soon visiting.
3	More like a 3.5, but I'm rounding down.We got the Avocado Pizza, which was very solid, especially with the (recommended) addition of prosciutto.  The lemony flavors played well with the rest of the pizza, but the cheese was a little too hard for me - it seemed like there was a lot of parm in the mix.  Docking stars for the nightmare that is LGO parking, and the extreme darkness - there's a fine line between "romantic" lighting, and "dark" - my companion and I had genuine trouble making out what was on the table.Also, I regularly stuff my face with delicious pizzas, and giving LGO the same rating as Motorino feels wrong.
3	Probably if I had ordered something else, La Grande Orange Pizzeria would have scored 4 stars. And it all depends on what you are used to growing up. I ordered the tuna salad sandwich, and they put sweet pickle relish in the tuna salad. Bleah bleah bleah bleah bleah. Patooie patooie also. My friend got a breakfast sandwich thingy on a special English muffin, and loved it. La Grande Orange Pizzeria serves the breakfast stuff all day. Very good to know. Parking her is a bear. As in there are about 20 spaces, tops. Plus a few behind the restaurant. If you go, carpool.
4	I feel like an East Coast gangster when I roll up to LGO for breakfast. I'll take the Jersey Girl... pump fist and hair toss!! Hands down, it's the BEST omelette I've EVER had. And the fresh-squeezed OJ hits the spot. After a hike at Camelback, it's relaxing to come and sit on the patio... if you can find a spot. Weekends this place is a zoo!! During the week is pretty crazy but has its peaks. The French Toast is pretty tasty and they do pastries just right. Muffins are baked fresh, toast is always spot on perfect. I want their toaster!I've had the pizza, which is pretty decent but not the best I've eaten. The salads are delish.
4	Great spot.  Nice atmosphere, good food, and great service.  This is a fun place with a group or with your significant other.  The margarita pizza is the best in town in my opinion (yes, better than Pizzeria Bianco).  The wings are also great.  Not a great selection beer, but good enough I suppose.  Another neighborhood favorite.
5	Somehow I've been here about a dozen times over the past couple years and this is my first Yelp of the place.  I guess I am slipping....Anyway, I went here last night for dinner with a party of 6 at about 7pm.  As usual the parking is a clusterfuk so I valeted it.  It wasn't as jam-packed as I've seen it before so it only took about 15-20 mins to get a table which I guess is about normal at least when I go.Aside from the parking, wait and loudness of the place I really have no complaints.  I LOVE the food especially the green chili burger.  Its soooo good.  Great flavor and juiciness combined with the slight spiciness of the chill topped with tons of cheese makes for an excellent burger.   I always order it sans bun and have never got it on the LGO English muffin but I swear someday I am going to do it.  I do however eat the fries.  Don't ask...it makes sense in my head.I have eaten a few of their pizzas but it was so long ago that I don't really remember anything but the fact that they were excellent.The prices are reasonable, portions large and service very good.  I will be coming back again and again.
4	I love their breakfast, their pizza, the shopping, the wine selection, the music... basically everything.  Why not 5 stars?  It's a bit too California.  Scottsdale moms roll up in their Benz with full make-up, diamonds, everything... from the neck up, they look like they're going clubbing.  But then they ALL wear work out clothes like they've just jogged there.  They are going for the LOOK like they just hiked Camelback.  Does this bother anyone else or is it just me?
5	Really enjoyed!  My kind of place...  Great service (thanks Cara!), really good food and a very good wine selection.  The best prices on a bottle of wine!  Casual atmosphere...  My wife and I really enjoyed ourselves.
5	Let me just throw this out there right now. Being that this is my first review I just want to let you know that I do not intend to score easy on restaurants, this just happens to be a favorite of mine. So here it goes....Ever have a day that just seems gloomy, depressing, boring, unfulfilled. Well, the common cure I have found isn't at the pharmacist or the doctor. No, the cure I found happened to be just around the corner at a little pizzeria called, well, pizzeria. This magnificent little joint is attached to the hip of what is known as La Grande Orange grocer. I have to say nothing brings a smile to my face faster than fresh shrimp ceviche followed by sweet corn pizza with sourdough crust and a pitcher of house made white sangria. My wife and I frequent this establishment and have never once left with bad taste. Service has always been exceptional even when the place is slammed with customers. I warn you though, eat all you want but do save room for a slice of peanut butter pie. I believe the only thing that I've ever had problems with is some of the rude customers, but it's typical behavior of the residents of the area.
5	Great atmosphere, great food, and great service!  My first time there the chef made our pizza wrong.  Despite that, the pizza was still pretty awesome and the waitress was even kind enough to give us the right version.  We ended up getting three pizzas for the price of two.  That was over and beyond my expectation.  Needless to say, we gave the waitress a generous gratuity and everybody left happy.I have been there a few other times and and everytime has been a wonderful experience.  My only qualm is that there's not enough parking.  You need to get there super early or super late and even then parking can still be a challenge.LOVE THE FOOD there and that's the most important thing!
5	I just love this place. This week went for my second time first for breakfast and this time for dinner and again the food is just deliciuous. Now they have a full bar, my margarita was excellent. loved the service. I felt like i was in NYC for a moment.
4	Went here last night with a party of 5 at about 7pm.  I've never seen the place so uncrowded before.  It was great.  Didn't have to wait 30 mins for a table.  Parking still sucked though.I got my usual.  The green chili burger without the bun but instead of fries I got the Caesar.  The salad was just eh and I should have ordered the corn instead.  Next time.  Anyway, the burger was very good.  I still have no idea why it just doesn't come with ketchup on the side and you have to ask for it instead.The service pretty much sucked.  Our waiter wasn't very attentive and 2 out of the 5 orders were screwed up.  The manager came by to say sorry and said the 2 meals were comped.  That was nice.  The waiter also gave us a piece of the red velvet cake which was also very nice because the red velvet cake is excellent and some of the best around.** Update 5/16/10 **I received a "compliment" about my review above.  It said, "F*ck you douche bag".  Not sure who it was but I politely said I don't swing that way and thanks for the offer.  The guy probably works there and just has a Yelp account to send random emails.  Anyway,  I am flattered.
4	Well I've always heard this place was so insanely busy, so i just never went. If it really is usually as busy as I've heard, then I recommend coming on a Saturday before the dinner rush. I came at 4:30 and was seated immediately.  It was nice to see that they had established a full bar, since I understand it was previously beer and wine only. Cocktails are pricey at $8, but they made them pretty strong, so I'm not too upset.The Pizza was stunningly good. I ordered the gladiator and my date ordered the mushroom pizza.  The gladiator was basically a meat lovers pizza and they loaded on the toppings.  The mushroom pizza tasted so fresh, i don't think I've ever tasted mushrooms so good!this may be the best pizza I've tasted in town, but I think I'll have to give it one more try to confirm my original thoughts.  Definite recommendation./Art
5	I could have sworn a wrote a review for La Grande Orange considering how long I've been going here but I guess not. So now it's time to throw in my five stars for one of my favorite places in P-town.La Grande Orange is know for their pizza and for good reason - it's delicious. The boyfriend and I went there for dinner on Monday night, which is a great night to go if you don't want to wait. We ordered our usual - a caesar salad and the gladiator pizza - sausage and pepperoni.Our waitress was nice enough to split the salad on two plates for us. We both love this salad. It has a rich and tangy dressing, huge croutons and lots of shaved slices of fresh parmesan cheese. The cheese really makes this salad IMO. And the portion is perfect for two people. Kinda like the pizza. It's just the right size to share. If you have 3 or 4 people in your group definitely get more than one. The crust is thin and crispy, they use just the right amount of sauce and it's not overly greasy. The atmosphere is cool but comfy and the service is always great. Parking can be a challenge but they do offer valet if you can't find a spot. And of course be sure to stop by the grocery afterwards - good stuff!
4	The pizza here is in my top-3 of the best pizza I've ever had...I don't know what they do with the dough, but it's outstanding!  I should preface that I like really thin crust and more of a fufu/gourmet type of pizza, which is what La Grande Orange serves up--Not a pepperoni and sausage kind a guy.My only complaint is that I wish they had a larger selection of pizzas to choose from (the roasted corn is one of my favs).  I also don't like the limited menu in the evening...that was a real bummer recently.  While you're there, you have to try a Tammie Coe cookie...oh, they are really good!
5	Just went back again, after not being there for longer than I'd care to admit. I went to my old faithful, the fallen angel with an egg. We decided to get some wings, which were AWESOME!!! Wifey got this super secret pizza that's not on the menu, but used to be her fave when it was. It's called the Padre. it's got Prosciutto, Arugula, Ricotta and fig. She ixnays the fig and subs the ricotta for bleu cheese (yes, I am shamed at being Italian and my wife not wanting ricotta on her pizza) I had a few Stella's, the by-the-glass wine menu is 2 whites and 2 reds, which blows. overall, we always love this place. We even snuck into the little grocery before we left and score some jumbo Tammie Coe cookies!!!!
3	Bring back chocolate destruction!!! Best desert ever! Food is good but need to bring back that desert that's why we go.
5	Came here last night with the family and despite zero parking in the front, the restaurant wasn't too packed. Finding parking in the front is like trying to spot the Loch Ness monster...it ain't gonna happen. But, there is complimentary valet in tne back for LGO patrons, so that is nice. Anyways, it has been a couple of years since we have been back which is surprising because this is always a fave. The pizzas range around $13-$14 and you can easily make two meals out of it or feed two people. We ordered the half dozen chicken wings as an app, a white sangria for me and a beer for my husband. My daughter had a $3 PB&J that consisted of 4-5 tiny PB&J "sushi" rolls and a rather large pile of french fries for a kids meal. I would have liked more of the sandwich than fries but it was only $3 so I'll deal with it. I had the Padre (no longer on the menu) and had it modified to be with blue cheese, prosciutto, and arugula. It is a white pizza, so no tomato sauce. The crust is a little crusty and chewy...just the way I like it. My husband ordered his favorite, the Fallen Angel. Our server was really attentive and very patient with our daughter. After dinner, we walked into the grocer next door to satisfy our sweet tooth. Ooey gooey cookies were to be had (at $2.50 a pop...yikes!) and they melted in my mouth, so yummy.  Pizza, wine, and chocolate chip cookies???? Now that is what I call the perfect meal.
5	Had such a great experience at dinner last night!First, there was only a 15 minute wait and we were seated within 5 -10 minutes. Then, our server (Kara) was cheerful and fabulous. She helped me figure out if I should order the nachos for my 4 year old (which I did and she enjoyed them immensely.  She also had french fries - these are magically delicious! I could come here just to eat french fries all night. The food was delicious. I had the green chile burger on the english muffin. It really is the best burger in town! My friend has the gladiator pizza. He seemed to enjoy it as well. The only thing I didnt like is the iced tea. I do not like the new iced (and that was my fault because I didnt ask which iced tea it was), next time I will make sure I order a soda or something.
5	I loved LGO even before they took over the entire shopping center. My favorite is their croque madame with ham, mustard, and pickles. I pour tabasco all over and then break the yolk and let it run. Their commuter is an upscale McD's bacon and egg sandwich, tasty.I remember the first time I tried their Mia's pancakes. Surprisingly thin for crepes in Az back then. Every other place was doing them thick and almost pancakey. One bite of Mia's and I remembered thinking this is the spot. I love their fruit and yogurt-- so fresh and delicious. Their tuna salad is solid. I heart their proscuitto and avocado pizza with egg whites. It's thin and crispy. I love the texture and flavor combination of the smooth avocado, salty proscuitto, soft cheese, crispy crust, and egg whites. Whenever I go back to LGO, it's a fight between the croque and proscuitto pizza.
5	Coming from LA, I am familiar with La Grande Orange in Pasadena. However, I never had their pizzas until I visited this little shop in Phoenix. It was delicious and the novelty and combination of taste - AMAZING! Between the 3 of us, we ordered:Mushroom pizza: Pretty good, lots of 'shrums for those who like mushroomsCorn and Avocado: Now that was delicious covered with chunks of goat cheese! I love goat cheese, tastes almost like cream cheese :)The Gladiator pizza: Pretty much an all meat pizzaThe Tomato and Basil: YumThey even have vegetarian options for those who don't eat meat. It's a great late night snack. I don't usually eat the crust but they made it so well that I wasn't picky about it. Oh, and we also ordered chicken wings - it was alright but I would say stick to the pizzas.
4	Lemon zest?  On a pizza?  Yeah, I wasn't sure if I was going to like it.  I decided to put my faith in LGO to create a wonderful pizza experience.  And that they did!  My final verdict; the Avocado Pizza is heavenly!  The creamy avocado, sweet tomatoes, summery basil, bright lemon zest, and add in the salty prosciutto and you have yourself a pretty tasty pizza.  The best part is that you don't see that kind of pizza on the menu everywhere you go. The even better part is the sourdough crust!!  So delicious!  All of their pizza creations sound amazing.  I can't wait to try them all!  A few more tries and I easily see a fifth star in their future.It did take us a few minutes to figure out the lunch flow of the place.  - Order your food on the grocery side, - find your own table on the pizzeria side, - wait for your sandwich on the grocery side,- listen for your pizza on the pizzeria side,- ask for more ice at the coffee stand,- fill your ice tea at the table at the doorway between the two- go back to the grocery side to pick your dessert from the case (trust me, you do not want to skip this step!)In addition to the wonderful pizza and the lunch with great friends, LGO also provided a bright spot in my day by putting one of my favorite (hard-to-find) red wines right by the cashier for $10 less than I usually get it at AJ's.  Score!!
4	Bad news for me... I just moved within biking distance of LGO. Yeah, their food is healthy and all these vegetarian and vegan options, but... dang. I like different and tasty food, and they've got it nailed.  Corn on a pizza?  Heck yeah.  Get in there and experiment!As others have noted, parking is a bit of a pain but their complimentary valet helps.
4	3.5 stars just for this visit.I got their avocado and proscuitto pizza with egg whites. I was disappointed by their proscuitto; it was thick and tough. I also wasn't happy with the way they cooked their egg whites. They usually crack and separate the egg white onto the middle of the pizza. Then they stick it back in the oven and let it cook for a few minutes. This time they cooked it in a skillet and put it on top of the pizza. It wasn't the same as baking it right onto the pizza. I was disappointed by this visit. I bought a LGO mug anyways. I wanted to be reminded of my favorite lunch spot back home. I love them that much.
5	Me and the boyfriend were going on a date night to Postino for their $20 bottle if wine a bruchetta deal. The wait was 40 minutes so we decided to go have a drink at LGO while we waited. We sat at the Chefs table and were greeted by our server Emma, I must say Emma was the nicest server. We asked her a ton of questions about what her favorite dishes were for when we come back. She was so helpful. We ordered a bottle of wine, its a much better deal than a glass. They sell wine in their shop next door. You buy the bottle at retail price and there is no corking fee. We got a bottle for $13!! You cannot beat that. After chatting with Emma for a while and seeing the food around us we ended up taking our name off the list at Postino. (we still love you Postino the wait was just too long). Emma recommended the Padres pizza which is not on the menu. It was delicious. No sauce, four cheese blend, prosciutto, and fig! The salty/ sweet combo is great!! We started with the Shrimp Ceviche and it was the best I have had!! The shrimp was plump and not sparse in the dish. LGO had a warm, cozy environment that is inviting. Emma was fantastic! The food was yuuummyy!! We cant wait to go back and try a different kind of pie!
5	What a neat little place.  We went around lunch time, but they serve the breakfast until 5 - I was a little bummed they did not serve their famous pizza until starting at 4 .... oh well, a reason to come back!  I had what was called the commuter sandwich - whatever kind of meat you want, eggs, tomatoes on their home made english muffin ... WOW is all I can say - soft and melt in your mouth.  Not what you would think from a English Muffin...  I also had a blueberry muffin - it was, without a doubt, the best I have ever had.  I wish this place was a little closer because I would be here all the time.  It was neat too, because I also saw Ryan Sandburg (chicago cubbies legend) eating here.  I didn't get my stalk on and ask for an autograph, but it still was cool to see him there.  I grew up watching him LOL.   Anyway - can't wait to go back to this place.
5	This is a true restaurant landmark in Phoenix.  Their breakfast is second to none in the valley. I typically get the commuter with sausage...good lord!  My wife gets some kind of healthy egg-white turkey dish... she loves it.
5	Love coming here! The pizza is great, all the ingredients taste fresh and delicious. The wine pairings are awesome and the service is wonderful. I really don't have a single bad thing to say about it. Go try it out, I'm sure once you do it will become a part of your regular date night rotation.
4	I went there once on the weekend for lunch.  They wait wasn't long but this place was busy.  I don't live near the restaurant and don't go this area of town very often, but it was great to be able to check this place out.  The pizza was very good and I enjoyed walking around the connecting store afterwards.
4	We happened on this place after seeing a 40 min wait on a Tue at the "other wine cafe", went right around the corner and glad we did.  For an appetizer we had the best wings in Phoenix; very tasty - baked, fresh Caesar salad.  We split a gluten-free Margherita pizza with fresh basil that was delicious.  The only reason La Grande Orange didn't get five stars is due to parking; however not having to give your car up to Postino's long valet line is a plus.
4	Neighborhood doesn't get much better than this. Great service in a store like environment. I ordered a great pizza, sugar free vanilla latte, and some iced tea. Their tea was wonderful! The pizza... I couldn't get enough. My girlfriend ordered a turkey sandwich and also the tea. Fact is, I ordered the tea after I saw her order. I had to get some of that. What is great about this place is, it is local, fresh, healthy... and they have wifi. Bring your laptop and get some work done over a pizza and sangria on those late night work nights. Their white sangria looks wonderful. I plan to go back for just that!
4	so i've always loved this place.... it continues to expand and grow. breakfast is wonderful and light, homemade english muffins for egg and avocado sandwiches = awesome!  fruit mixtures are  tasty.  great coffee and sweets.  then we have the pizza!!  fresh local ingredients sourdough crust, variety of flavors and toppings.  really nice atmosphere and some of the BEST chicken wings i've had in the city...or anywhere!  no wonder why i love this place
4	Atmospherorific. That is a new word I want spread around for LGO because it entails all I want out of a restaurant. Of course good food, jeez, let me get to that, but as far as elemental funtastic vibes are concerned, this place hits the mark on many points.     Ok, so the food. Yum. I really like the Daybreaker that is an egg white omelet with turkey and their own tomato avocado salsa but the other day I ventured into "normalcy" and just had 2 eggs cooked "my way" and bacon which maybe I stand alone on this, but love it crispy and it was perfect.You can also get a bottle of wine and they'll open it for you, but overall, the place is kind of self serve which is fine because I can serve myself. Get your own napkins, water, coffee fixings, etc. Think I can handle that for a change.     LGO is the ideal complement to the next door Postino, especially if you're out for the day. LGO grocery for breakie/brunch then off to Postino for some $5 wines daydrinking extravaganza...they're like the Bert and Ernie of Campbell & 40th street. Or maybe a better reference would be Buffy the Vampire Slayer and Angel seeing the one is better during the day and one is better during the night.      Ah, references shmereferences. LGO kicks ass :)
4	Omg, get in here. It'll change your life :) brunch w champagne, yes please.  When you set foot in this place on a busy weekend morning you get sucked into the spirit.  It's bustling and everyone is happy, and everyone is drooling over the food and baked goods coming out of the kitchen.  I can't believe it's taken me this long to get in here, I'll definitely be a regular from now on.I ordered the Venice Beach burrito and it was sooooo tasty, we also decided to crack a bottle of champagne to celebrate the momentous occasion of experiencing this place.  The main room where you order at the counter has a staggering array of candy, gifts, baked goods, prepared meals, magazines, etc. etc. etc.  It'll take you a day just to look at it all.  Maybe next time I go back I can get my christmas shopping done while waiting in line.The only things I would change about this place would be: I'd add table service and increase portions.  I'd also make the dining room feel a little more like the room where you order...it's just a little more inviting and comfortable.  Other than that, it was yummy and fun to eat here.  Great for a special occasion or a good place to bring out of town guests.
4	I was just introduced to La Grande Orange this week, never having heard of it before. I went with a friend who has been before so she knew the menu pretty well already. We ordered the Avocado Pizza, Caprese Salad and Tortilla Soup. Everything was delicious, especially the pizza crust. The lemon zest on the crust was surprisingly yummy. The service was very friendly and accommodating. The restaurant is attached to a gelato shop and an Italian market, which you can order to go food from or select from already prepared sandwiches and other items. I didn't have a chance to check out the market, but hope to make it back very soon.
4	I love this pizza!  It was wonderfully crispy, but not burned.   I also had the Orange Fennel Salad.   I adore the baked goods, especially the cookies which are huge and yummy.   If your in the area, stop in, you will not be disappointed!
5	YUM! YUM! YUM! YUM! YUM!  THE  BEST VEGETARIAN RESTAURANT OPTIONS AROUND!!!!  You wont find the typical veggie burger or portabella sandwich here.  The veggie sandwich with the guac on the side...superb!  The veg sushi rolls are unlike any other in the valley.  The roasted corn pizza is AMAZING!  You will also have to try the sonoma salad with beets, dates, and goat cheese!  This little family of restaurants offer the best veg options in the valley.  Anytime I have a friend visiting from out of town this is the first place I take them for lunch or brunch.  On other occasions, my friends and I come here on our bikes to share great food and a bottle (or two) of prosecco on the patio.  Such a wonderful place to spend a lazy Sunday with good people.
4	I have to laugh at the suggestion that this restaurant is a pizzeria. It is much, much more than that. It is a fabulous gathering place of European design for locals dining with friends, or as in our case out of town visitors dining with local friends. It is bustling, if not somewhat crowded, but no one seems to mind. People are quite friendly as they stand in line to order, wait for their food to be placed on the pass to take to their own table, or pour their own coffee. We entered through the backdoor, which actually leads you right through the kitchen. It's a bit of a fun adventure for someone who enjoys cooking, and restaurant ways, as I do. Once inside the restaurant is divided into two main rooms. One where you order most entrees, desserts, and coffee drinks, and the other containing the pizzeria. I was disappointed to get to the front of the line to learn that they were out of my first choice, chilaquiles, but quite happy after tasting my croque madame. The ham was very tasty. And to think that I was actually considering giving up pork at one time. My lady's French crepes were delicious. She must have thought so also because I believe that she only offered me one bite. Shame, shame! Although I didn't try it, the pizza looked fabulous. They looked a lot like the homemade pizzas that I have been making, but better of course. Next time I will definitely go for a pizza. The peanut butter chocolate pie that we shared was just alright, but many of the other desserts looked tasty. However, if you only have limited capacity, I would suggest that you pass on dessert and get one of their homemade English muffins instead. The best I have ever had.
5	Both my sisters live in Phoenix and I visit often. My little sister recently tried La Grande Orange Pizzeria due to another hot spot being full. When in town my sister recommended popping in with my mom for a quick bite. I was very impressed! We waited for about 10 minutes for a table, which went by fairly quickly since we browsed in the shop next store. We debated on buying a bottle of wine to share for our meal (which is such a great deal since they don't charge a corking fee). We decided on margaritas instead. We ordered the pitcher, which is $25, but if you divide by the amount of drinks you get, it's a steal! We had the shrimp ceviche, which was amazing! We decided on a custom made pizza with all the fixing! The pizza had the best crust I've ever had in my life! Overall, the experience was awesome. I will for sure be coming back to LGO my next trip to P-town!!
4	My fiance and I finally checked this place out after hearing so many amazing things about it from friends. There was a bit of a wait, but i think it was worth it, and chilling in the grocery was a perfect way to kill the time!We shared a delicious salad, the orange fennel, and some ceviche, then had 2 pizzas so we'd be sure to have leftovers to take home. The salad was by far my favorite part of the meal. Absolutely perfect with mandarin oranges, fennel, goat cheese and champagne vinaigrette. To die for. The ceviche was refreshing and tasty and i really enjoyed the wild mushroom party pizza. Several different varieties of fungi, and again, more fennel. The Fallen Angel pizza was good, but i was not expecting the flavor of the sausage. Overall, we were very impressed with the food and we'll definitely be back.
3	Food is pretty good bit parking is a nightmare!
5	Holy christ on a cracker, I've been coming here for 3 years now and am absolutely in LOVE with this place. My favorite is the Avocado Pizza ($14) and I like to add prosciutto ($3) to it for a little extra flavor. It's thin crust, no sauce and made with asiago cheese(yummm) It's a good size to eat by yourself if you want to take some home, or it's perfect to share for two people. They also have great specials on pitchers of sangria and some sort of vodka lemonade from what I remember. Be sure to check out their grocery area and the gelato shop next door as well. I'd suggest to call ahead and make reservations since it's usually pretty crowded after 5 or 6pm.
4	A great place!  Like many other non-corporate pizzarias, this is not fast-food.  I am not sure if LGO is part of the slow-food movement, but when I am here my expectations are not to get in and get out fast.  I like to slow down, enjoy my beverage, relax.  When the food is ready it never dissappoints.  I like to the see Lambroginis parked next to beat up Hundais in the parkling lot too.  The place is good enough for the Arcadian elite, and just fine for me and the rest of us peasants too!The prices are very reasonable, especially considering the quality of the food.If you hype the place up too much to your friends, they may be disappointed.  Think of it as a nice place to go, go there, and enjoy yourselves.
3	I come here more for the grocery section than I do for the food.  Good place to grab something to go or a really lazy/low-key brunch.  The English Muffins are made in-house.  The french toast is great.  The rest of the stuff is good but not the best.  The grocery section has Tammie Coe cakes (really great coconut cupcake), and desserts galore.  They have lots of wine and fun books to ogle.  Next door is the Pizza which is tasty but a bit salty for my taste.  The crust doesn't stay chewy or crisp long enough for my taste.  It is convenient for takeout if you live close by.  It is however a great first date place, looks like you're cool and hip without trying too hard.  And if you run out of things to say you can head to the grocery or if the date is really bad you can say good night and just grab some gelato for yourself next door.
5	LGO is THE BEST pizza place in town... wait, in the country... wait, in the world!!! It is as good, if not better than Pizzeria Bianco too (minus the 4 hr wait). The sourdough crust is what makes the pizza, as do the high quality topics. My fave are avocado pizza with prosciutto, the mushroom one, and the gladiator (with sausage). Their breakfast, sandwich, and salad menus are excellent as well! It's fun to hang out in the "grocery" store next door where you can get good cheese, wine, bread, and little kitschy things. Their white sangria is the BOMB! And you can't beat the $6 bloodys and mimosas on the weekends. With the family-friendly laid back atmosphere and fun for all, this is a true Phoenix gem.
5	You think Pizzeria Bianco is the best? This place is at least even or better and you don't have to wait 3 HOURS to be seated. Only Pros : Large seating area/ Nice bar area/ Great simple drink menu/ The BEST brick oven pizza with homemade dough! / Great Ceviche/  Perfect place to go with a group of friends or a date/ FREE VALET/ One of the best drinks ever "SHAKIN' LEMONADE" This place should be Bookmarked!! TRY IT
4	Had breakfast here last month and enjoyed every single bite!  Don't miss out on their freshly made english muffins.The place is packed as usual and it doesn't seem to matter what time of day or what day you go here. This can make your experience a little harried  if your not used to it.  I did notice that there is an outside area to get drinks or sit at.  Look for this if the weather permits.Would love to come back strictly for dessert.  Their selection looks amazing!
5	I LOVE this pizza place. I am a natural fan of pizza. I love the avocado pizza, the gladiator, and just plain old ham pizza from here. The staff is friendly and easygoing. Pizza is to die for from here! It is a nice relaxed atmosphere if you go during a weekday for dinner (plus you can find parking easily). If you go on Friday or Saturday night be prepared to wait about 30-35 minutes for a table. The Sangria's are also very good here. Cannot wait to go back, awesome pizza.
4	This place is the quintessential neighborhood deli / eatery on weekend mornings, and a fabulous little pizza parlor in the evenings.  It's hard to pull off both in the same location, but La Grande Orange does it amazingly well!  The food is delicious, although a little on the spendy side in my opinion (Think $7.50 - $10 for an egg sandwich, a la carte)They also have tons of little knick knacks, tshirts, and plants for sale, and a little wine shop in the corner!  The only downside is the parking (almost impossible) and the lack of space when it's busy (which is almost always).  But if you don't mind eating your sandwich in a cramped corner next to the door, you're gonna be hard pressed to find anything else you DON'T like about this place.  Highly recommended!
5	I'll start this review by saying I have not read a SINGLE review on this place prior to writing mine.  I am familiar with it 'cuz I grew up in the area and remember when it was a U-Totem convenience market. (OK, did I just date myself?) I had actually avoided it because i heard that the parking was difficult and that it was inordinately crowded at all times.  Went there about 2 weeks ago.  My sibs scheduled a dinner visit there, and I went over around 7pm, mid-week, after work.    Parking was a bear- then i found the Valet.  I recommend- USE THE VALET.  You can get "validated" and then parking is free (except remember to tip the Dude, OK?)My fam had ordered, which was fine with me.  Within minutes, a delicious fruit sangria was poured, and I delighted in the most yummy salad!  Pizzeria Chopped Salad, with its eclectic mix of raisins, sundried tomatoes, vinaigrette, and more.  I'm not a big fan of raisins, but don't let that throw you off of this salad- it's a perfect blend of ingredients.  I coulda hogged the salad, but played nice and shared.They also ordered CLASSIC MARGHERITA Pizzas, which were sublime.  Brick oven flavor, awesome cheese, perfect balance of ingredients.  OK, OK, I'm going back!  I'll get over my impatient self, if this is what I have to look forward to.Prices were in line with the quality and freshness of food.  Good professional wait staff.
5	Holler out to the Eisenbergs who insisted that I try this place.  The baked chicken wings are splendid as are the chips with three dips.  It 's hard to not be shaken by the shaken lemonade. Equally hard is to know that Sangria was ever made with anything other than white wine but this one is fantasticaly representing the fact that the place is built in the middle of an orange grove.  Try the avocado pizza with the prosciutto, the Rocket Man, the Fallen Agnel, and the Gladiator! You'll not go wrong.
5	Ohhhh LGO, how I love you. You are the perfect place to go on a date, with a friend, with my family, with a group, by myself, with work associates, etc. There is a bit of a wait if you go during peak times; however it is worth it. The caprice salad, when they have it, is INCREDIBLE. Do not pass that up if your server mentions it. On a budget? Pick up a bottle in the store (prices do start around $9.99) and they'll open it for you to enjoy at dinner (or before dinner if you are waiting.)The pizzas may sound kind of funky if you are new to the joint, but don't fear. They know what they are doing.
5	When a friend and I were talking, one thing we both agreed on @ LGO; WINGS. Bleu cheese and ranch are both AMAZING. Pizza is incredible as well! Made a great date night the other day. Keep your shorts on for parking tho!
5	i cant review restaurants in phx and leave out LGO. breakfast, coffee ambiance, service, pizza - 5 stars. happy hour 3 stars. Not very many places beat this place out for saturday or sunday morning coffee and or breakfast after a nice wrkout, run, hike or... anything else at home in bed with your better half. must see for my visitors
5	Delicious choice!  Three of us headed here for dinner on Saturday night around 8:00pm, and had a short 20 minute wait.  We were greeted by a friendly, happy waitress that was on top of everything all night!We had to try their special Caprese salad, which was served with roasted tomatoes and slightly warmed mozzarella.  The roasted tomatoes were a different taste, but it was flavorful.  We also shared the chips and quac appetizer, which came with a pimento dip and salsa.  We knew what a pimento was - but this dip didn't taste like what you would expect.  When we asked our waitress, she was able to tell us that it didn't contain any pimento but was able to list off other ingredients.  Impressive!  Getting stuffed, somehow we managed to move on to 3 pizzas - the Margarita, the Gladiator, and the vegan Mother Earth.  Yes, they are big enough for two but we just couldn't decide on what to share!  All were delicious, and my vegan sister was impressed with the Mother Earth in all it's veggie goodness.  The food was delicious, service was spot on, environment was cozy - one of my favorite restaurants!
5	Both times I have gone with friends we split pizzas. The margarita is wonderful and I like the unique flavor of the lime & avocado pizza. Genius! I am craving the giant salted chocolate chip cookie. Uh-maze-ing! I just love it! The sandwiches look gorgeous. I am going to try a sandwich on my next LGO adventure. This place is always packed with customers. You cannot go wrong with great pizza, sandwiches, gelato, & a wicked good  bakery. I HIGHLY recommend!
5	(6/26/2010-lazy posting skills) I've heard about LGO for years but never made an effort to find it or try it until recently.  First time at LGO after a brisk morning walk with my group. After staring at the menu for 10 minutes and getting jostled around by the morning crowd, our party of four came down to these choices: two jersey girl omelets, a daybreaker omelet, and pancakes.  Delicious!  I had a jersey omelet and was enlightened by the huge hunks of pastrami, potatoes, onions and chives embedded my omelet. This morning it was also served with a side berries and two pieces of toasted pumpernickel that made a lovely complement to the pastrami. I didn't get to try the daybreaker, but my friend's plate of turkey, cut cherry tomatoes (lots of spillage, which I love) and smushy, yummy chunks of avocado is making me count down the days until I can schedule another visit!  The crepes looked amazing as well.I've never had a Havana coffee before, so I gave it a whirl once they told me it had condensed milk.  Growing up with my dad's coffee concoction of milk, coffee, and condensed milk, I didn't think anyone would ever get it.And then came LGO's Havana coffee.  Now, I'm hooked for life!  I love their Havana Coffee and plan on stopping in again to check out their other breakfast dishes (the Daybreaker!),  Their pizza also looks yummy - will have to check that out as well. It was also fun to wander around the gourmet/eclectic grocery while we waited for our orders, although we learned quickly that we had to have someone secure a table in the pizzeria or else it would be standing room with your plate.  I saw a lot of neat things stationary and knick knacks for sale, but it was at eclectic prices, so I had to pass.  I did find it cool that they had a few local artists' goods for sale as well.  I can't wait to come back!  Parking is a premium, as many before me have mentioned, so a few recommendations: park across Campbell at the small lot or at the Arcadia Room (also owned by LGO), go for valet parking in the back of LGO, or hope for the best and try to wait for a parking space in the front.  Just don't be "that person" and block traffic!
5	I'm a big fan of the pizza here. I LOVE it. I tried a salad and it wasn't for me. The waitress was really cool about offering me something else but I just wanted to stick w/ the pizza. Then the manager came over and offered us a free desert. I thought that was a super class act. I would have given 5 stars for the pizza anyway, but that earned them star # 6 in my book.
5	I love La Grande! U need to try their tuna salad, Tammie Coe ooey gooey cupcakes, pimiento cheese dip (in refrigerator case). Those are my top 3 items. The place is really small so best to take it togo but the food is fresh and delicious.  You won't be dissappointed.
5	Amazing breakfast and chill atmosphere. Besides the horrible parking, if I could go here everyday, I would!
5	The dining room is a tad bit claustrophobic but the food is worth the minor discomfort! I like starting my night off snacking on wine saturated pieces of fruit out of a glass of house sangria and then moving on to some guilt free baked wings. The Fennel Orange Salad is almost as good as the Brussel Sprout Salad at Chelsea's but hands down, my favorite dish at LGO is the Padre (which is no longer on the regular menu but they're still more than happy to make it for you); a pizza with arugula, fig, point reyes blue, and prosciutto di san daniele. My fallback pizza is the Fallen Angel, and even though I'm a die hard carnivore, I've heard plenty of rave reviews from my skinny vegetarian friends about the avocado pizza and the roasted corn pizza. If you're feeling really daring, ask for egg on your pizza! Sounds funny but if you're an egg slut like me you'll find that this might be what has been missing from your pizzas for all your life! And if you don't have time to dine in, you can order take out in the LGO grocery store - I highly recommend taking home a bag of the heavenly homemade English muffins or for a lighter meal, the Stacked Turkey sandwich on a baguette! You really can't go wrong with any choice you make at LGO, or really - at any of their sister restaurants!
5	This is one of my staple restaurants that consistently provides great service and great food. They have many items on the menu including delicious chicken wings, salads, multiple pizza options (including gluten-free pizzas) and one of the best burgers in town. The place offers a great casual neighborhood vibe and is also wonderful for kids. Try a scoop of the house-made pistachio gelato after dinner - DELICIOUS!
5	How is it possible that I haven't reviewed my love; LGO? Well, better late than never and that's definitely the case with this. I'm not sure what I can say that hasn't already been said, but LGO is a classic gem in Phoenix. It's nestled among quaint houses full of character and as you walk in, you'll most likely see several beach cruisers parked along the building, waiting for their owners who take a morning bike ride to grab a bite to eat. I visit LGO when I want to pretend that I'm in California or on the ocean, or in Europe or even if I want to forget that it's 100+ degrees outside. I visit LGO when I need to do work but want to get out of my normal routine. I can grab some food and set up shop at one of the several tables or booths, or even outside. Plus, I don't need to worry about my battery dying here, for they have several power outlets so I can keep my computer's juices flowing for hours. The scene here is crazy, cool, relaxing and fun all at the same time. I'll see every type of Phoenician here and they all blend and vibe with each other like it's no big deal. The music is going, the kitchen is hustling with orders, people are chatting with old and new friends and the smell of freshly baked goods and coffee fill the air. The food here is delicious. Where to even start? Well for starters, I'll touch upon the breakfast. If I'm feeling fatty and in a hurry, I'll opt for one of their delicious muffins. If I'm feeling healthy and in a hurry, I'll go for the yogurt, granola and fruit. And...if I'm feeling fatty and lazy, I'll order one of their delicious hot meals and sit there and enjoy it. Lunchtime is my favorite and it most likely has something to do with their food. I adore the tuna melt but I only order it on calorie-counting free days. I also like the tuna salad, and turkey stack sandwich. Anything on their menu is amazing. Now moving on to dinner. Yes friends, they serve the famous Chelsea's hamburger here, so I can fulfill my cravings without having to fight the Chelsea's crowds. Their pizza is for champions and delectable. The pizza kitchen doesn't open until four and goes until late hours in the night. It's a perfect spot for a casual yet tasty meal. I will leave with a couple additional tidbits of fun facts. They sell the reusable plastic glasses that are trending up the city these days. While it's pricey on the front end ($12+), you can then fill it with coffee (even iced) or tea for I want to say just a dollar or two which isn't bad! Craving LGO but can't find a space or better yet, too lazy to get out and walk in like I am half the time? Luckily the lazy fairies are watching over us for LGO offers some excellent curbside pick-up. I will call on my way there, drive in, park, they come right out, I give them my card, they grab the food, I pay, and I'm on my way. It's seamless and I love it... just like I love LGO as a whole. I wish they opened one walking distance to me.
5	LGO is awesome. I've probably eaten here at least once a month for the last 5 years. My favorite time to go is during breakfast, something about the insanely busy store/restaurant and incredibly confused people make me feel right at home.  I love the croque madame, it is an open faced sammy with ham, tomato, spicy mustard, and an egg topped with gruyere and broiled to perfection. The lemon ricotta hotcakes are also really good as are the chilaquiles. The coffee is some of the best in arcadia, and I always buy a bag of beans (Mr. Espresso) to take home. I also purchase a cold coffee press here and I use it almost every day. Lunch and dinner usually lack the frenzy of people and can be a bit more relaxed. The pizza is great and the wait is never very long. The food is fresh, the employees are nice and it is great for people watching. Sit outside and soak in the gorgeous weather we are sure to have for at least 2 more months!
5	Let's get this out of the way: La Grande Orange Pizzeria has delicious food. Their grilled wings are savory and their pizzas are incredible. They have a lot of vegan options as well. LGO also has an adjourning gelato shop on one side and a small store on the other. The gelato is amazing, as are their selections of cakes to go with the gelato. The store has some amazing desserts for take-away as well as wines, colas, and a number of kitschy little items. People-watching there is also grade-A. Now for the caveats. Parking is hellish, so watch out for peak restaurant hours. LGO is NOT a well-kept secret. Also, LGO is not for the enochlophobic; until seated, you will have to deal with a crowd. I have been there many times and have never seen it below nearly full capacity. The restaurant is not very big, so seating is crowded.  The service is very good considering how terribly busy it is. If you haven't been to LGO, you must go. Brave the parking, brave the crowds... you WILL be rewarded!OR (considering how much I love to eat there) stay away at all costs! Do NOT go there!
4	Very cute, little neighborhood spot. It's a nice place to grab a simple brunch or lunch with or without friends. They have a big community table suitable for solo dining. Their pizzas are top notch. I'm a sucker for wood fire pizzas and theirs is pretty amazing. No waiter service. You order at the counter and wait for your name to be called. They have a breakfast/sandwich station, a pizza and burger station, and a coffee station. There are also ready prepped salads in the case you can quickly pick up. Also at the counter, there is a decent selection of baked goods. Parking can get crowded at times but there is always people coming and going that you'll eventually find a spot... so you just have to be a little patient.
5	"LGO" is great. There is the grocery and the pizzeria - if you go there for breakfast or lunch, you will have to order at the grocery and then there is self-serve seating in the pizzeria. They do not serve pizza until the evening (and then they no longer serve certain sandwiches and other breakfast/lunch items in the evening). In the evening, the pizzeria becomes more of the traditional go to the hostess to be guided to your seat sort of thing. That sort of explains the chaos/mayhem some of the other posts have alluded to that can happen in the mornings. However, I believe this particular entry is for the pizzeria, which is more dinner oriented.Some tasty dishes that I have had that I would recommend:Evil Princess Thai Chicken SaladGladiator PizzaMushroom Party Pizza (add proscuitto)Avocado Pizza (add proscuitto)Fish SandwichCheeseburger on english muffinThe guacamole and cheese dip thingy (it's not called that, but I'm blanking) are good too - I believe it's a three dip appetizer platter of some sort.  The food here is really tasty. They also have some nice bottles of wine on their list (and in the grocery). Great place for a non-stuffy date or for a decent sized group of people (although probably not more than like 8) to share a bunch of pizza/apps. One last thing: parking can be a real pain. I usually just suck it up and valet - it's free if you get it validated in the restaurant. Throw the valet person a few bucks - why not?
5	Went today on a cold and rainy afternoon. I could've stayed much longer just hanging out people watching! Tried the commuter with bacon and pulled pork bbq sandwich. Commuter was awesome as always.. Bacon was nice and crispy! Had to have that with a Havana latte! The BBQ sandwich was just ok, nothing special IMO. Will have to get a pizza next time and hang out longer! Parking and finding a table wasnt too bad today. Maybe cuz of the weather..Quick tip: sign up for their email club and you can get $5 off your visit to both LGO or nearby Chelseas kitchen. They even send you $10 off for your birthday!!
5	Wow. Just wow. Why haven't I gone to this place before now? Am I crazy? So I went there last night for my birthday with the BF and it was wonderful! We got there at around 9 due to my having class until late at night, but they were just as pleasant to us as if we got there at a normal dining time, and we got a parking spot, which was great. First of all, bottles of wine with no corkage fee from their grocery. What?!?! What! yes. It's true. We had a bottle of wine at a restaurant for 15$. That's like a glass and a half of wine at Postino. This was too awesome. That alone is enough to make me want to go back. So on to food, we ordered their special salad for the night which was a caprese. This stuff was good. It had house made mozz on the bottom, then ricotta, then a whole roasted tomato, then the perfect amount of sea salt (?), some kind of salt and pepper, delicious balsamic, and strips of basil. This was so good. I was so happy we decided to get it, I only wish we kept the plate so I could have dipped my pizza crust in the balsamic.... yum. Then we got the roasted corn pizza. This was also very good. The corn on the pizza tasted really sweet and delicious and it was the perfect counter to the goat cheese. The crust was also very good and the whole thing tasted fresh. We finished with the red velvet cake. At first, I wasn't a fan, but as I ate it, it got increasingly good. It is more subtle than a lot of cake out there, but that is a good thing! Also, our waitress was super sweet and helpful. She helped us pick out all of our food, and she was spot on. I will definitely be back here soon.
5	I love love love their pizzas! They have a great one called "The Padre", which is not on the menu, but has prosciutto, fig, and arugula on it. It is lovely! My friends and I always get this one when we come here and enjoy it with a refreshing pitcher of their rosemary lemonade (with vodka, of course!). Other notable pizzas I've had are the Mother Earth, Rocket Man, and Roasted Corn (love goat cheese on pizza!). Also, great atmosphere, nice servers, and it's connected to a gelato place to boot!
5	My favorite pizza comes from LGO's kitchen: the roasted corn pizza with goat cheese. The sourdough crust is always perfect. Also, excellent salads, fries and desserts.  Service is friendly and attentive.
5	The only drag about LGO is the crush of people and the lack of parking. Otherwise, there's little not to like about this place.Beyond the entire LGO experience, the Pizzeria's pies are astounding. They may not be Bianco level, but the sourdough crust is enough to set them apart and wait is rarely more than 10 minutes, even with pickup. We particularly love the roasted corn and goat cheese pizza (add Italian sausage for richer flavor). The burgers are amazing, too. Some of the best in the city.Oh, and the white sangria. Get that. Beer-wise, the selection is limited.Service is typically excellent, though sometimes there's a wait for a table. I recommend getting there sooner rather than later so you can find a seat and the buzz from the sangria can last the rest of the evening.
5	I've been to LGO for breakfast a couple times, but have been waiting years to finally get over there and try the pizza. I wasn't disappointed, and am definitely adding this to my list of absolute favorite pizza places. The crust, cheese, mmmm it was all amazing. LGO is also a really great atmosphere. Only downside is that parking is very difficult and if you don't know those streets very well, it is confusing to know where to park.
4	I seriously love this place. The food, atmosphere, and grocery goodies are among the best in the Phoenix area. It just bums me out that there never is parking!!! It makes it so difficult to land at this place. Oh well, I suppose that it is part of the appeal of LGO ;)
5	My friend has raved about this place for months, so for her birthday the girls and I got together for a little pizza field trip to LGO. It was amazing! Just as good as Mozza Pizzeria in LA., but around 400 miles closer. I also love the little grocery store. Very cute things to buy.
4	Yummmmmm the pizza here is so yummmmIs it even fair that LGO makes me want to come for breakfast for a coffee and Commuter Sandwich, for lunch for Sushi Roll or Venice Beach Burrito, and then for dinner for a Mother Earth Pizza?!  I need to buy stock in this place...All the pies are bangin.  Sometimes the wait is long and the pizzeria can get loud but hey, I had to find something negative to say about them. I heart LGO.
3	Before I go into detail about Le Grande Orange Pizzeria let me say I am a huge fan of LGO in general.  The parking is cramped and the ordering process for breakfast or lunch can be totally chaotic but it is solid every time I go.  They chilaquiles are to die for!  The pizza is solid and the menu has a lot of unique toppings but it is waaaay overpriced.  The pizzas are very small but yet cost close to $20 if you add a few toppings.  You can go to any place in town (Bianco, Cibo, Grimaldis) and get more food for equal or less money.  There are too many options for pizza in the Phoenix area to settle on LGO.
5	OMG we loved this pizza.  the Padre is wonderful.  We went early in the evening and the crowd was not so bad.
4	I wrote a review for LGO... but I realize it is more appropriate for the 'Grocery' section.  The Pizzeria section doesn't have near the same issue with overcrowdedness.  But you still have to contend with people sucking up valuable seating space while working on their ipads...
5	Talk about atmosphere... this is one of my favorite breakfast spots.  Good food, good vibe, good people, and the occasional grant hill sighting. Big fan of LGO!
2	We went here for dinner on a Saturday night to celebrate a friend's birthday last year. We had a large party, but had called ahead so we did not wait for a table (score!). It was packed. The food is pretty good here. Not bad, but nothing outstanding. My main complaint is with the service. Very slow, inattentive.... for a place that comes so highly recommended ...I think the staff feels they don't have to try very hard and it shows. We ordered a pitcher of the "Shakin' Lemondade" and we ASKED our waitress ahead of time how many glasses we could get out of it. I think she said 5 or 6. NO WAY. It came, she put the glasses down and started pouring...MAYBE 4 of us got enough lemonade. When one of us said, "Oh I thought you said this would be enough...?" She rudely said, "Oh you'll need another pitcher for all of you". That's why we asked first, honey. It was a very good drink but NOT worth the price tag. I am just over these douche-y, pretentious Phoenix restaurants that have crappy service but get away with it just because of the name of the place. We're in Phoenix, not New York City. Get over yourselves.
5	Great concept with great pizza in a great location with great service.  Parking is not soo great but hey something has to give.  Their Sangria is good and I love the good vibe feel of this place.  Why wait for hours at Pizza Bianca when you can just come here?
4	I actually haven't been here....yet.  My wife always brings home pizza and wings for me and I owe her dearly for it.  The thin crust pizza is excellent and rivals other thin crust producers in the Valley, namely Grimaldi's.  I thoroughly love the types of cheese that they put on their pizzas, including the goat cheese on the Roasted Corn Pizza.  As part of my last meal on this earth, I would request their delectable baked chicken wings.  I didn't know baking was such a critical component to making tasty wings, but after comparing these to all the deep friend wings I've had at bars and such, I now know better.  These wings are consistently meaty, juicy and flavorful.  You'll have to try for yourself to taste the difference, but I know you won't be disappointed.  And to top things off the Blue Cheese  dipping sauce may make you want to take a keg of it home with you.  It's that good.  My wife also brings me a chocolate chip (with salt) cookie from the adjacent grocery store-a wonderful way to end a great dinner.I'll reserve that last star when I finally visit the restaurant.**Tip**Sign up for their e-club to get a birthday certificate
5	The buzz on the street is their pizza will blow your stinky socks off your feet! Well, not exactly in those words, but in that promising context!If you know me like the back of your hand, you would already know what I look for! The crust! For one, I am a carboholic!  Whether that be bread, donuts, or rice, I cherish that food group immensely.I firmly believe the most critical bite in a pizza is going to be your first one! It will make or break your love for it! Why? Because its the closest you will get to freshness since the time it popped out of the oven! Bam! Love at first bite! Just the sight and smell caused some drool-age! It had the right amount of crispness and thinness.  The bottom crust had a slight charcoal, the way one should always like it! And the middle layer still soft enough for some bending and flexibility!Crust Test: Pass. During my most recent visit, the amigos and I decided on the "Gladiator." Yup! I guess it was indeed the most manly pizza you could get here. Glorious meat! The schreiner's sausage and pepperoni were cooked very nicely!  The cheese and sauce were no match for the meat! They played more of a subtle role but still contributed to a wonderful pizza experience.Sauce and Toppings Test: Pass.With all that said, I want to clearly say, this is not what I call a true Italian pizza.  As great as it was its hard for me to put it on the same level as some well-known places like Pizzeria Bianco, which will always be my numero uno.The major difference is in the sourdough crust.  To me, this is what defined their pizza. The one trait that separates them from the Italian style is how it is NOT bubbly with that brick-oven charcoal quality.  Instead, its more simple yet quite tasty.http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/7cK9uEV09iPmsTqOqmY3kQ?select=Q0kUcPJhdZlueuitX154VQBesides everything said thus far, I want to give credit to their excellent service.  The host did a good job in booking our table and notifying my group when our time was near. Our server maintained a playful, enthusiastic attitude from the moment we sat to the time we finished our last dessert bite! Speaking of dessert, I happily decided that their Red Velvet Cake be my new go-to! The frosting and cake was not too sweet, just to my liking! http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/7cK9uEV09iPmsTqOqmY3kQ?select=bCRxfhgIbOSC-eRUgD3M_gThe moral of the story, do not come here if you are seeking a true Italian experience.  Do come here, if you desire a wonderfully tasting pizza in a friendly, cool, upbeat atmosphere!
4	So, this place is great.  The pizza crust tastes like sourdough bread but ten times better, because its in a yummy thin pizza crust.  The gladiator pizza is very meaty and heavy and filling, but also kind of irresistable, with the HUGE pieces of schreiner's sausage and BIG pepperonis.  I have had about half of the pizza styles from here, and I have liked all of them (even goat cheese, which I used to think I would HATE!!)If you try it once, I guarantee you would want to come back.I like getting it to go, because I don't often feel comfortable enough pig out on pizza in front of people, and that's what happens with La Grande.
2	I'm not saying the food isn't good, but overall I feel the experience wasn't so great.  It was kind of expensive for what you get and my server was really pushy and tried to recommend pizzas and drinks after we'd made up our mind and ordered.  I enjoy recommendations, but when I say I want the Avocado pizza, I want the Avocado pizza and am not interested in the corn one.
4	Went on a Monday night to meet two friends for dinner - parking is very limited and there are no available overflow areas close by. Promptly seated, server did a good job, menu had a number of Gluten Free options (important for me!) friends got salads, I got a gluten free pizza. Salads were good, Pizza was good, if a little rubbery. Bill came to about $45 for the 3 of us, which was totally reasonable. Would definitely recommend this place!
4	I'll start off with the reasons why I didn't give it 4 stars.  Parking is quite limited.  You can't park on the side streets so valet is often an alternative.  Also, with the place being pretty busy, there can be a little bit of a wait for a table and you might be pretty near the adjoining table.The pizza itself is really good.  You get to see them make it in the open kitchen so all the ingredients are fresh.  It can get hectic in the kitchen but it's cooked properly and with the right balance of meats, veggies, and sauce.  We had a margherita and it was very good due to its simplicity.  The rocket man added a few more distinct vegetables so that every bit didn't end up tasting the same when you put too many ingredients together.  Service was good and able to get drinks from next door as well.  Overall, another great pizza place in the Phoenix area!
4	I love me my pizza and salad. I could live on pizza and salad. This place has your basic pizza but they also go off the map too and have some creative combinations. It is pricey. And the parking is not great. Hence the 4 stars and not 5. The LGO grocery right next door is a great place too- see my review of that and Chelsea's Kitchen which is up the street. A MUST TRY!
5	I absolutely love the pizza here. It's made of sourdough thin crust and it's so delicious! We came here as a recommendation of a friend and have become regulars. The ingredients are so fresh and when they bring it out to you, that first bite is just glorious. I would highly recommend this place for all you pizza lovers out there.
5	Greatest english muffins on earth.
4	Had been waiting to try this place-heard nothing but greatness.  Went for a quick lunch before a work event and it was PACKED on a Thursday.  I got an already-ready salad because I was in a hurry and it was FAB.  My co-workers both got sandwiches and said they didn't disappoint.  I love the atmosphere and can't wait to go back for brunch and when I have more time to enjoy it!
5	Parking seems crazy, but I always find a spot after a few minutes, they keep the flow moving nicely during the lunch hours.  I love this place.  From the little coffee bar, to the delicious gourmet sandwiches, from the sweet gifts you can look over while waiting in line, to the sweet deserts behind the counter.  My personal favorite, (being someone who doesn't cook nor eat fast food) is the curb side take out.  After a long day at the office, I call in my favorite Kale Salad, drive into the parking lot and pay as if I just went through a drive-through, but am rewarded with a gourmet salad.  Perfect fast-healthy dinner.
4	Oooooh, I liked it, very much so!  Just sad that I didn't get to try more of its myriad offerings, especially the pizza.  We enjoyed a lovely brunch here on a Friday.  Cute little place, lots of ambiance, good people watching (quite the hopping place on this midsummer day), tasty food.  We had a round of Bloody Marys, and those were nicely done, as well.  A great spot to just hang and nosh and chitchat with friends.
5	I can't say enough about this great spot! We were here for drinks and cookies (made next door). Even though this place is always busy, it doesn't take us long to check out. Everything is 5 star!!
4	The pizza was good.  However, $14 for a smallish pizza that they say serves two is high, I think.  And I can't imagine it serving two hungry adults unless you had an appetizer.My husband and son shared a gluten free one with sausage and pepperoni.  They loved it.  The gluten free crust was more of a cracker than a crust- super thin and crunchy.  The sausage looked delicious.  Big chunks.My girls and I shared a cheese pizza with goat cheese and roasted garlic.  It was really good but I kept thinking it was missing something.  Would have loved roasted pine nuts on it.  That is not an option on the menu.I was not a fan of the gelato place connected.  I thought the portion sizes were really small for a gelato place and it was pricey for what you got.
3	Ate dinner here last night after a long hiatus. I remember loving their burger and that was the main reason for my visit. My choices were b/n here or The Grind. I now wish we chose the Grind It's IMHO I prefer the sweet and spicy over at The grind for the same price (12). La Grande does a good job, the burger is huge and was cooked perfectly med-rare. It comes with a "special sauce", pickle, tomato, red onion. Very good. reminds me of a diner style burger. The fries were good as well. We also had a gladiator pizza: topped with sausage and pepperoni. Not a fan of pepp so stuck with the burger. Place was packed like usual and service was decent. Ended my meal next door at their market with a mini coconut cupcake ($2). Solid meal.
3	The parking is rough and so is the navigating of ordering but we figured it out . We decided to share a salad and a pizza and were told to take a pre-made salad from the fridge near the front of the store . I felt like a sardine squishing threw all the people in line trying to get into the fridge and then I almost wasn't able to reach my Sonoma Salad because it was against the back and hard for me to reach .Next we needed to wait in the pizza area for the pie and all the seats were filled . I noticed a nice mixed crowd of people but there were many Hipsters just hanging out reading or playing on their computers taking up space . I spotted  couple leaving from the community table so we jumped into that spot . The people leaving cleared the plates and I brushed the crumbs off our area . I was given the wrong Ice tea and got a fruity one instead of a plain one I just drank it . ( no big deal) The Sonoma Salad was very large and had really good cheese in it so it was good but not "Slap your Momma Good" because it had very little taste other than the cheese .So now we get our pizza we ordered the one that has Rocket in the name that was suppose to be spicy . THIS PIZZA WAS NOT SPICY . It was edible , it was OK  and pretty looking but not that tasty and lacking seasoning especially SALT and the cheese wasn't ooey or gooey but I did LIKE that the crust was super thin . I have tried food from here from the free food event on Camelback Rd and also from the Art Museum and it seemed a level higher than what I tried here so possibly it depends on what you order too .While we were dining the Woman who sat across from us opened up a used germed up paper to read and since the table is so thin the newspaper was touching our plates and THAT BOTHERED US and than she kept yapping at us while we were trying to eat . You won't feel lonely eating here .This place has a novelty gift ware section to browse and the sell imported cheeses and house made English Muffins (6@ $9.95) You can purchase a bottle of Good Wine here at the market price and drink it here with no additional charge .
4	Oh their avocado pizza does things to me... It's the perfect combination of yummy sourdough crust, just the right amount of cheese, a sprinkling of fresh basil, a squeeze of lemon over every inch, and slices of perfectly green avocado on each piece.... I'm drooling. They also have this amazing spinach salad that has fresh strawberries, sliced parmesan, candied pecans, and some sort of crazy good vinaigrette. The bf even liked it. But how could one NOT?The only set-back is the price... It's a pretty small pizza to share between two for $14 or so... and the salad was pretty small split between two. But as an occasional treat I am so willing to pay the price.
5	My favorite pizza in the Valley. Hands down. (Sourdough crust, YUM.)But... there are a few precautions to consider. 1. Price is a bit high especially considering the portions and atmosphere, but I believe the quality is worth it. 2. When busy, it gets a bit chaotic which causes discomfort for newbies. They are setup as a market/restaurant and serve pizza on the weekends and after 4pm during the week. I recommend a later dinner during the week with the understanding that you may need to wait. The dining is cozy and unique, but it can get a bit loud. 3. The service is pretty laid back and generally very kind, but their casual nature can be taken as lack of attention. All of these things in consideration, they are great at what they do and cater to the locals that can appreciate it. If expect a structured, chain-restaurant, cookie-cutter style experience, this is not the place. They are unique, quaint and make delicious pizza. (Wings are fabulous as well). I have been going here for years, and can't get enough.My Recommended Dinner for Two:Appetizer: 6 wings ( Warning: They are spicy)Pizza: Margherita add Red Sauce and PepperoniDessert: Slice of Red Velvet Cake
5	This places ooozes good taste
5	One of the best best best best best pizza/salad/etc restaurants in Phoenix.Once you bite the pizza, you will immediately feel "Oh my god, I am being healthy" This place satisfies not only your food cravings, but also your needs for health. When you order the pizza, you can order two flavors, half and half.You should try the presciutto pizza for sure. Not like other restaurants, i am feeling less guilty after having so many food here :) So, weight watchers, here's the place you should try.
3	Pizza was good but over priced! Beer was 5 bucks during happy hour c'mon! If it were next to Oreganos I would go to Oreganos everytime.
4	Brought my folks there while they were in town.  Had pizza, ordered it with spinach and goat cheese. Was delicious.  Only wish that you can get pizza for lunch...
5	The best Ahi Tuna Sandwich I've ever had in my life!!!!!!
5	This is one of my favorite places to go when in Phoenix. It has a kitchy, adorable, laid-back atmosphere and always has a fun soundtrack. It has a mini, super fancy grocery store where you can get great wine deals and adorable trinkets and gifts. They serve breakfast all day, so I definitely recommend the Croque Madame. It's hands down my favorite breakfast. If you're feeling lunch-y, you can head over to the LGO pizzaria and try the Gladiator, which has delicious sausage from Schreiner's Sausage (the best in Phoenix). It has a great patio, which is perfect this time of year. It draws a regular crowd, so you usually end up making friends with the other customers. I highly recommend this restaurant (especially for some hearty food after a hike on Camelback mountain).
4	I love this place - definitely one of my favs in Phoenix area. Pizza is great, sandwiches wonderful, burger - I would skip. Today I had the green chile cheese burger on a recommendation of someone I met at Postino's. I don't think he is from New Mexico. I got the burger and it was huge, with a pile a shredded cheese on top. Not melted shredded cheese just shredded cheese on the burger and chile. On the other side was nice looking pickles, purple raw onion and slices of tomato. I hurriedly smashed the burger sides together in hopes of melting some of the cheese(didn't work). Sliced the burger in half and took a bite. Unfortunately I bit right into the strongest onion I've eaten in years. After that I couldn't taste anything. Especially the green chile, it looked beautiful but I couldn't get any flavor out of it. When I added the sea salt provided on the table it tasted better. The fries were great though. I had a Mirror Pond on tap! That was delicious. The other thing that I found highly annoying was I needed utensils, napkins and plates so I went to a table in the corner where there was wrapped utensils in white cloth napkins and small plates. I asked the service person if I could get these to take to the table. She said no get them from the other side of the restaurant. Where I found cheap utensils, paper napkins and no plates. I took a large amount of napkins (I have two boys eating pizza) and utensils. My boys didn't enjoy eating off of the wooden board the pizza comes on so my husband got up and just took two plates. Not FIVE minutes later the woman I spoke to started placing the same wrapped utensils and plates onto the empty tables where the next guests sat. HUH? I understand they were transitioning to dinner but really? You couldn't just hand them to me? Other than that it's a wonderful place we will be back again and again.
5	Great food! I loved my salad and pizza, can't wait to go back!
4	Had the croque madame for breakfast and it was fantastic. Delicious albeit a little pricey for what came on the plate (one egg? boo.) My only qualm was that it was busy even on a Monday morning and the employees don't seem terribly happy to be working. No smiles anywhere! Not when you ordered, not when you picked up your food, or your coffee. It felt like a tense environment up until I sat down to eat in the other room.I love all the books, candles, and random stuff they have for sale, in addition to the delicious baked goods from Tammie Coe next-door. Free valet, too!
5	This place has exceptional food and pretty great service for how busy it always is.I like it because there are quite a few vegetarian options.  Before I started my vegetarian kick the Baked wings were some of the best wings I have had anywhere.Try:- Mushroom Party Pizza- Roasted Corn Pizza- Baked Wings- Red Velvet CakeOnly con is the parking is kinda crazy.
4	So Millsie, my bestie, talked.... yapped.... meowed.... (and at times - barked) about how DEEEE-LISH this place is.Whell.... i-t 'is.'Not only is "LGO's" menu garden fresh but the atmosphere is hip yet cozy.Parking can be a bitch.... but it's worth the irritation.I'm a fan.
5	Ok, so I've probably been to this restaurant more than any other place in Phoenix.  Every time its truly a great experience.Roasted Corn Pizza absolutely rules!Make sure you go next door, pick out a bottle of wine (very reasonable prices and no corkage fee next door) and buy some English Muffins for later.When you're done wash it down with some truly awesome gelato.
5	Tried this spot a few months ago with two friends, and we made the mistake of "sharing" the orange fennel salad...we were literally fighting over it! Wish I lived closer because I'd probably head over once a week just for that amazing salad. Also ordered the green chili burger on the GIGANTIC English Muffin, which was tasty with a little kick. Ended the meal with a decadent salty n' sweet chocolate chip cookie from the adjacent bakery...and by then I was in a delightful food coma.
5	LGO is one of my favs.  Amazing flavor whether ording pizza or any of their sandwhiches (like tuna filet) or salads.  Pizzas (available with both smokey chewy flour or glueten free crusts) are to die for...Mother Earth Vegan and Rocketman are my two favorites (both vegetarian).English Muffins are really the best of anywhere...I never knew how good a soft, freshly backed muffin could be, as it just melts your pallet.  The only negative: parking is horrible (mainly since the place is so popular)...so use the free valet or go at mid-times.   Nontheless, the food and atmosphere more than make amends.
4	Love it.
5	On a Thursday night this place is crowded but plenty of open tables available. Being a Margarita Queen, I ordered one, which offers freshly squeezed lime juice, Mm. It was delicious! Made me pucker but I couldn't stop drinking them! So pulpy and totally awesome. The white pizza was superb, maybe even better than Cibo (downtown Phoenix)... Yeah, this pizza was the best. The ambiance was relaxed but intimate with dim lighting, candle lit tables, and good service. I'll definitely be going back for this perfect combo :)
4	I know I'm about 10 years late, but went here for the first time Frid. night.  Went with friends, after wasting an hour and a half at Cibo (but that's another story) and had wonderful, friendly service, a great bottle of wine, fantastic shrimp ceviche and gluton-free pizzas!  Definitely will be going back here soon.
4	I prefer this place for lunch and Postino's for dinner. They are both awesome places and it's a shame to hear about the falling out between the owners. But it is what it is, business is business. Both places are fantastic and definitely one of a kind. I just moved back here from LA recently and have been looking for a place with this VIBE and I am glad to have found it here. I love this place, especially because it's in the neighborhood. I've been back many times and will continue frequenting. The grocery is like a place of little treasures you can't find anywhere else. I highly recommend this place to anyone who is seeking, flavors, fun, adventure, and just that "wow I found a new great place" kind of experience. :)
5	Don't really have anything original to say here, just another big win thanks to Yelp! The roasted corn pizza was indeed the best part of the night. GET IT. Avocado pizza with lemon zest was also good, but we'll probably switch that one up next time. Split a pitcher of white sangria between three of us, definitely yummy. Not very strong but great flavor. We were way too full to try the gelato but plan on that next time!  We had a lot of fun walking through the grocery beforehand as well, lots of unique and fun things, as well as AMAZING smells. Oh, that homemade pizza crust...yum.
5	If there is a heaven, God greets you with a plate of pimento cheese dip from LGO accompanied by warm tortilla chips!  Once you are settled in, you find an A-Z cookie on your pillow when it is time for bed.  YUMMY, YUMMY!
5	I have a new favorite pizza place! The crust was so light and airy. I have never had anything like it. We had the pepperoni and sausage pizza. Yum! I am looking forward to my next trip over there.
5	Well let me tell you about this little "posh" place called LGO. Let me just first clear the air here. Yes I am the Duke of this location (temporarily of course). Have I been to LGO 20+ times, no. Is my house close enough so I can just check in during the morning and evening if I feel like it, yes. Do I just do this to annoy my friends who are all about "Check-Ins," yes. Is it dishonest, yes. Is it distasteful, yes. Do I care, no. Is this review going to have bad grammar and punctuation, yes.Now lets get back to LGO. When you first walk into LGO, you might get a little overwhelmed. Boy you will definitely get overwhelmed. They have options galore. So many options. It's almost too much of a variety. I mean they have mothers and daughters and highschoolers and college girls and Divorced women and desperate women and the list goes on and on. The mothers stop in for some lunch after their Village workout on a Tuesday afternoon because honestly, don't you go to LGO after your Village workout on a Tuesdsay afternoon? What kind of jobs do these women do to allow them such a luxurious lifestyle? I'm just kidding, we all know what kind of jobs they do, the jobs that begin with an "H" or a "B" thats for sure.But fellows, if you come here on the weekend be ready to get into a pissing contest with the elites around you. Two weekends ago I saw a Fararri parked next to a Lamborghini (I have no idea if those are spelled right, sue me for not being of the people who feel spaghetti and meatballs should be served three meals a day). But all is good at LGO.These are the exact reasons why everyone should come here. I've been told they serve food. But between the fancy cars and the sexually determined women, who has time to eat?
5	LGO is my favorite pizza of all time.  I've had many-a-good-pizza in my day, and been to some places that I thought were my favorites, until I had this little joint 7 years ago when they first opened.  His first year, the owner did $1M in food cost, because he really cares about the ingredients and the items they use.  It's all extremely high quality products.  They buy and import huge $500 wheels of Reggiano Parmesan cheese that the servers will put on some of your pizza if you so wish.  Everything about this really modern place screams quality.The Gladiator is my favorite, which is Pepperoni and Sausage, and consists of this locally made Sausage called "Schreiners Sausage."  Some of the best Ive ever had.  Fennel gives it a great little kick, and is extremely cravable.  The Shrimp Ceviche is absolutely amazing.  Flavorful, and tasty and I don't even like avocado, but for some reason this I can eat.Then, when finished you've GOT to go next door to the Market, and get a few "Ooey Gooey" Cupcakes made by a talented woman named Tammie Coe who does excellent cakes and other droolable sweet baked goods.This is in my opinion, the best Pizza you will find in the valley.  Look at all the 4 and 5 star reviews.  I'm not the only one that thinks so ;)
5	Great atmosphere, fresh grated parm on pizza was wonderful. good service. Highly recommend!
5	I love this restaurant.The above statement comes easily and without any sort of hesitation.Their pizzas are phenomenal, the appetizers are great, the wait staff is very helpful, and the ambiance is great.After looking at my budget, I noticed that my only expense for the last two months in my restaurants category is LGO.Seriously, go there, order the artichoke appetizer, iced tea, a margarita pizza, and gelato to finish it off. Amazing!
5	I LalalalaLOVE this place! Their pizza is so delicious!!I've been here many times and alway order my personal fave-- the margherita pizza!The dough is just so amazing I can't even describe it. So good that it almost comes close to the amazing pizza dough in NY. [the water totally makes a different in the dough]I also got an order of the wings. They were not your average hot wings. They were baked and had a tangy BBQish sauce to 'em. [can't even describe the taste but were yummy]Plus, the restaurant is such a cute and trendy place to have dinner! It's almost always busy though even during the week! It's a must try!!!
5	There's really nothing I can say about LGO Pizzeria that hasn't been said. I'm just doing this review so I can add it to my Phoenix gems list. I've had LGO Pizzeria on my radar for a couple of years. Everyone would rave about how delicious the food is but I never checked it out because of the crazy parking situation. I was hungry after seeing a movie at the Esplanade and for some reason my intuition told me to go to LGO! I got there an hour before they closed and it wasn't busy at all.I ordered the baked chicken wings for my boyfriend and a gladiator pizza for me. The waiter described the wings as smokey with a slight barbeque flavor. I'm not a fan of chicken wings but I could eat these wings all day. On to the pizza.....Probably the best pizza I've ever had. The crust, the sauce, and all the ingredients were top notch. I was in heaven. I am so happy I finally made it to LGO Pizzeria. I understand what all the hype is about. There is something so special about this place I can't describe it. I want to move down the street so I can stop by everyday!
5	I have been to this restaurant 4 times & I have enjoyed every experience. I have been a patron when I was vegetarian and while currently vegan. I look for vegetarian/vegan options and ability for the restaurant to be accommodating if it isn't immediately obvious on their menu, but, it is obvious that this restaurant is accommodating in being veg-friendly, so it was not an issue.I've had pizzas and salad during my visits. Both were delicious. I was really happy to see they are also providing gluten-free options too. It was hard not to eat the meal in its entirety, even though I was probably full half-way through, every time. Menu items, particularly the pizzas are easy to customize, if desired. The mozzarella is delicious, the red sauce is not too sweet or tangy. Overall, just a good balance of flavors going on with all their pizzas. The service was great too. Every time, the servers were nice, friendly, and helpful, especially when I voiced my dietary requirements. The little grocery and espresso bar are great too! The coffee is actually good and the artisan goods in the grocery are fun and tasty, with some good food novelties as well.Overall ,this place is charming, not too pricey, casual, but nice atmosphere. I would recommend it to anyone, meat-eaters alike.
5	My favorite pizza place. My girlfriend is always annoyed with me because I would rather go there knowing I will like it instead of trying something new. It is great everytime and the flavor is unmatched. When my folks came into town, I took them and a friend of theirs who used to run a pizza joint in Washington. That was 3 months ago, they still bring it up. Favorite pizzas. Avacado, Rocket Man and Corn and Goat cheese. Sourdough sets these pizzas apart from anything you have had before.
5	***** This place has always been AMAZING and close to my heart!!! Everything from their food, the service and the ambiance!! It is always relaxing to come in to La Grande Orange both the grocery store and or pizzeria. It has a very nice uniqueness to it as well as a very tasteful satisfaction.      As for our meal my boyfriend and I had their amazingly minty Cesar salad to start, then their exquisite ceviche and to end the MUST, The Rocket Man pizza!! lets not forget their fruity sangria!! VERY YUMMY!!! Oh and yes everything was GREAT!!! :)    Honestly, last night was my best visit so far, we got to sample their complimentary wine tasting and this to us was a perfect touch for our night!!!    La Grande Orange is simply as best as AZ gets, so experience it yourself and thank me later!!! :)
4	If you love thin and crispy pizza this is the place for you. The freshest ingredients your going to get .  Expect to wait a while for your pizza, but its so worth it . I wonder how good the wings and ceviche is ? TBA
4	Delicious pizza, reasonable prices, nice ambiance and decent service. Enough said.
4	I came here with my mom this morning for breakfast for the first time and we both really enjoyed ourselves.  We had never been here before, and both really enjoyed the experience here.  The place is small, with very limited parking, but I think they offer free valet from what I heard.I'm kind of between 3 and 4 stars for this place, but decided to round up since it really is one of a kind and quite enjoyable.  When I go to places like this, I tend to hold the bar high, and expect a little bit more then the usual, so please bear with me while I do some  venting AND complimenting.After going inside the place was really cute and well decorated.  Plenty of seating with lots of stuff to shop for!  I did find the ordering to be a bit confusing, and somewhat irritating.  You go to the register and place your order, and their supposed to call your name, but we sat there for a while and never heard anything.  I finally went to the counter and I guess our food had sat out there for a while and no one ever told us! No one called our name, nothing!  Plus, they just left the food on this table to get picked up, and anyone could have taken it without us realizing it.Also, we were extremely thirsty and were looking for water and asked when we went to place our order.  They said that there's water glasses by a complimentary water station in the dining area.  The glasses were tiny, and there wasn't any ice!  ggggrrrr. It's hot here and we're THIRSTY.  Plus, that area is really tight, so we had to make like 3 trips to get water since we were dying.Ok, now for the compliments.  The food was awesome! My mom and I really both loved our experience here, and the english muffins were delicious! My mom even bought a pack to take home with her, as she really enjoyed the food as much as i did.  I went with the eggs rancheros, and it was so tasty! I had never had it before and boy, did I clean my plate on this dish!  Fresh fruit came with it to, and the english muffin was tasty with what appeared to be home made jelly.  My mom went with some pancakes, I think and she loved them as well.  Overall, a tasty place and I would gladly return in the future!
5	Neat little grocery store and had the Jersey Girl Omelette... very yummy. I Highly recommend the spot. They also had their own coffee which I will try next time.
5	Showed up on a Fri. night and was told the wait would be about 20 mins, which was expected. What was unexpected was that they were holding a complimentary wine tasting in the Java Garden so I would have a free buzz going before even sitting down. The house sangria was delicious and we split a couple of pizzas - the avocado and another vegetarian one that I don't recall the name of. Both were very good and I wouldn't hesitate to have either one again although I will probably try something new next time. It is very worth the prices, especially if you are buying wine by the bottle.
5	i only go to LGO for the wings and wine...lol it is the most amazing combo my bf brought me here after we heard about in the living section of the newspaper a while ago..i was in heaven when they brought my wings out so tasty!!!the sauce on them is just simply amazing and they have the best blue cheese dip i have ever ever tasted! im not a fan of their pizza...but i always get 2 orders of the wings its a little pricey but the wings are big...and the fries are great too..also the drinks packed on friday nights be warned there will be a wait
1	If you like overpriced food that really isn't that good, a wait staff that is snobby and a cliental that is a bunch of want-a-bees that somehow paying too much for food feeds their egos and makes them feel good about themselves.  This is the place for you.
2	I find LGO to be a bit of a Jekyll and Hyde type of place, so I will give a review with equal parts duality. In the end though, I'm going to go against the overwhelming positive grain and give it two stars for reasons below. The FoodMr. Hyde Says - This place seems to be two different types of restaurants. There's the breakfast/brunch servings and then there's the alternate menu, which consists of salads and their eponymous pizzas. For what it's worth, I've been here many times, more than I cared to, but my girlfriend used to live within walking distance, so it was too convenient to counter with any convincing argument against going. Of the many visits for breakfast, I've just felt underwhelmed by the food. The egg dishes, crepes, etc always leave me feeling unsatisfied and find they lack a bit of punch in the flavor department. For what it's worth, they're going for a French flare to the cuisine, but it still always seems to under deliver. Dr. Jekyll Says - On the contrary, the non-breakfast foods are quite good. The salads and the pizzas are really good, freshly made and what you would expect from an "artisanal" pizza place. Additionally, they have a solid beer and wine list. The Brick And MortarMr. Hyde Says - This place, specifically during the breakfast hours, is a disaster and would make any Retail Operations manager cringe at the lack of flow before them. You line up at one station to order food and pay. You line up at another station to order coffee and pay. There's no table service. You have to order your food, all the while, scout for the random table opening, while also keeping a watchful eye out for your food to make sure you claim it before it goes cold. And, to top it off, this entire place also operates as what most people think is a really cute market, full of curios that other people call junk. Mr. Hyde believes that this market only adds to the utter chaos and lack of flow for the restaurant. It would be different if it was off to the side, but smack in the middle of everything yields chaos. Dr. Jekyll Says - Avoid breakfast and go for dinner, where you can have great salads, pizzas and actually be seated at a table by a hostess and served by a waiter. What a revelation. The dinner area is actually in a different room and you can avoid the really cute market.The Getting ThereMr. Hyde Says - The parking, or rather lack there of, is a huge negative. There is minimal parking on premises, minimal parking across the street, with most of the neighboring businesses posting signs, threatening to tow you. Dr. Jekyll Says - Let's call this place what it is - a nice neighborhood restaurant that can prove "convenient" if you live nearby and can walk, avoiding the hassle and frustration that awaits you when you have to drive there. SummaryIn the end, it's really four stars for the pizza, two for the breakfast foods, but they get dinged an extra star for the headache that is parking. Many Phoenicians love this place. I (we) think you can do better elsewhere. Author's Note: My girlfriend has now moved from this neighborhood, so any argument in her favor for a visit based on proximity is now moot. Mr. Hyde has cracked a menacing smile.
5	Excellent!!! The hostess was very nice and accommodating, our waitress was very friendly and the food is unbelievable!!! This is one of my favorite restaraunts. The pizza is sooo good, and the cheeseburger is out of this world! I could go on and on. One "must try" is the salted chocolate chip cookie. I dream about it!!
5	I gave LGO a 5 star despite a few of the customers having 'attitude' AKA that 'I'm (wanna be) rich and I'm better than you' but that's NOT the eatery's fault.The chocolate puddings are def good along with their black tea. The service could've been better for reasons other posters noted. The above stated: I'll go there again.
5	Lgo..lgo..l...g..ooooooooo!! This place is always amazing. The pizza is always great...amazing burgers and salads as well.  the grocery store is attached next door and is a great place to pick up your favorite drink, Tammie coe cupcake, or small gift. Also a great breakfast! One of the easiest 5 star reviews.
1	Greasy and soggy. I have had way better pizza.
4	While most people rave about Pizzeria Bianco, I think LGO's pizza is way better. I don't think I've had anything here that I didn't like. It is definitely my favorite pizza restaurant in Phoenix. I highly recommend the roasted corn pizza. I can't come here without ordering it. Down sides - it's always crowded during typical meal times and unless you're lucky, it's hard to find convenient parking
4	I went here once and I cannot stop dreaming about the roasted corn pizza! The goat cheese on it was perfect and the roasted sweet corn added a nice pop to every bite! I also ordered the Pizzeria Chopped Salad which was just okay, it was bland, but the pizza more than made up for it.The service was also wonderful. While waiting for a table I was able to attend a wine tasting and the waitress was very nice.
4	First time here..La Grande Orange Pizzeria blew me away! In fact it was one of the best pies that I've ever had.
5	We were living in AZ up until recently, and we loved this place. It was a late-night, gourmet standby for us. Their crust and toppings are out of this world. Heirloom tomatoes, roasted garlic... all those extra little touches that come together to make something really marvelous. Can't say enough good things about the food, service, and all that good stuff...They make their own ICE CUBES that take forever to melt and keep your drink from getting all gross and watery, but make it icy cold. Arizona BONUS!Go. Enjoy. The grocery/gift shop next door is fun and funky. Everything from homemade English muffins (crumpets) to t-shirts printed with old, out-of-print book covers like Pride and Prejudice and the Great Gatsby.
4	I hate the set up.  You walk in, never having been there before and its just a chaotic mess of things and lines of people everywhere.  There are no signs to help you.  You walk into the restaurant part and wonder why all the servers(?) are ignoring you.  People that seem to be customers are waiting their own tables, and people that seem to work there seem to be doing some of it too.  WTH is going on??So you have to stand in line at the bakery looking type counter to order.  The menu's a bit hard to read so you stand at the cake side if you want pizza to see what you want, then get in line at the other end of the counter.  Order up and they yell your name in the restaurant part but there's no way you can hear what name they're yelling over the music.  So you kind've sit for about 20min and when you think you should be up, you check every time they yell anything.....  The DMV has little flashy sign things that seem to do the job......That said, the shop's quirky and random in the stuff they stock.  Lots of different beer brands available.  Not sure about their wine selection.  The bakery stuff looks great, but seem pricey.  All this stuff is a plus in my book (minus the wine selection).The pizza's pretty good.  Slightly soggy crust in the middle but that's tough to do.  The outer crust is chewy and pretty good.  We got the Gladiator - the pepperoni was good but I didn't like the sausage (tasted like.. rye?).  I'll probably definitely go back.  I don't like the trendster-y "you know or you don't, we're not putting up signs" thing, and the chaotic way of knowing about and retrieving your order.  The crust is good and the pricing isn't bad.  I'd like to check out the happy hour and definitely something from the bakery case.  Also, I have to join in - hate the parking situation!
5	AHmazing! The best pizza ever!! Totally worth waiting for a table if they are busy....oh And we loved the red velvet cake yummy :0)
3	There's just something about La Grande Orange Pizzeria.No matter the valet, which is almost as annoying as a parking meter or garage. Now we have to pay a cover charge (as in, the tip to the valet), just to eat at your restaurant.No matter the cramped quarters in the Grocery area, which is a major cluster during lunch time and horrible for claustrophobic people. The concept of a conjoined restaurant and market is so neat (see Olive + Ivy), but if it's disorganized, could fail miserably.And no matter the single stall bathroom in a huge restaurant, or the fact you might have to wait over an hour for a table on a Friday night. The place's popularity was as strong as ever when I went there for dinner.I've always enjoyed La Grande Orange's pizza, which, along with its extensive wine list, is one of its specialties.This time around, my olive and avocado pizza ($17) was crispier than I prefer, but it was still really tasty-I ate a whole one myself, even though it serves two people! Still, I could name three spots quickly whose pizza I prefer over La Grande Orange.I do also appreciate La Grande Orange for its open kitchen, though, which is always neat to see in a restaurant.There were a couple things about the eatery that irk me, though, and make me feel like the spot is way overrated.First, our party of 10 waited more than an hour to be sat, which was understandable because the place doesn't take reservations, but they really should for large parties since in other ways it's family-friendly-there were lots of screaming kids running around before we sat down. The restaurant was nice enough to serve us a pizza while we were waiting, though, which was unexpected and made the wait bearable-despite the fact there was no waiting area.Yes, that's right-if you're waiting for a table (and you usually will), there is no designated waiting spot-you just sort of hover over other tables, which would be really awkward and annoying if I was sitting there.When we were seated, though, the set-up was bizarre. Instead of putting us up in a big booth or pushing tables together, we were in a spot where separate tables were bolted to the ground, so our party wasn't even technically sitting together-we were at different spots.For a place that isn't even that pretty or romantic or modern or stylish, I'm puzzled by its popularity, because I've had better pizza at countless places and have dined at spots with more attractive ambiance-all for far better deals. It must be the Arcadia neighborhood vortex that just draws people in, but I wish La Grande Orange was run more efficiently. Especially because it seems none of my friends have realized yet how not phenomenal it is, and I will accompany them again some time.
5	Place is great! I love the fact that the place is laid back yet the food is still of high quality. Pizza is very good, the green chile burger is awesome, and the service is always good. Highly recommended.
3	Until recently LGO was a 5 star restaurant in my book. In the last couple months the menu has been changing and let's just say it is not for the best. While I still enjoy adorable, quirky store and the amazing pastries the lunch menu is leaving a lot to be desired. They recently took away the AMAZING Shangri-La burger, they will tell you to go to their sister restaurant Chelsea's Kitchen to get it, but on a busy Monday I really don't have time to make lunch such a formal affair. Then today I realize they have changed the recipe of their chick-pea lettuce wraps :( I really am running out of reasons to have lunch here... I tried a back up option, the veggie breakfast burrito and it was seriously lacking in flavor and in complexity.I will still come in here from time to time, but my twice weekly lunches with the girls will be moved elsewhere at least until they can spice their menu back up
5	It's back!  So happy to say I had lunch here today and some of the veggie options are back on the menu!  Way to go LGO, thanks for listening to your customers and offering a variety of menu items that satisfy even the vegetarians :) Thanks
5	Exceptional pizza, ambiance, service.
4	Wowie what an amazing pizzeria! These guys know how to handle ingredients well and employ them in amazing ways to create an absolutely phenomenal pie! Fantastic!!LGO's also taught me a valuable lesson. Sometimes, the best pizzas aren't the meat-lovers ones but the VEGETARIAN options. What?! I know, I had to swallow a lot of pride to accept that but it is truth!My Fallen Angel pizza with its yummy sausage just paled in comparison to my companions' vegetarian orders. The Mother Earth pizza is rife with just awesome vegetable ingredients and flavors. It was like a beautiful medley of music when I bit into a slice of that!And the Rocketman with its garlic infusions, that was just clutch! I am in love with this pizzeria and cannot wait to go back!
2	Please. Super overrated crap. If this place were in any other city than PHX it would have gone under years ago. The whole concept is Blah. Pizza crust is CRAP! Hate the cliental, talk about pretentious Douchebags which make it even more ridiculous! I have always felt underwhelmed with the food here and in their breakfast/lunch side. It's mediocre at best. Don't waste your time here.
3	I need to start off by saying I that I love and hate this place.The food is awesome so there is a chance I will be back. I had their margherita pizza and it was outstanding. The sourdough crust was chewy and their ingredients tasted fresh. It was probably one of my favorite pizzas I have ever had. But, I absolutely hate how crowded the grocery store is and how difficult it is to stand in line to order. However, I do like the items they have in the store. Don't think you will find a parking spot. There is valet available in the evening but not for lunch. Plus, then you have to pay for parking (ie. tip the valet).It is such a production just trying to get the food that I had to knock the review down to three stars. But, if you don't mind the effort, the food is great!
5	Awesome....LIVES up to the hype!
3	I dont know what all the hype is about this place, ive had way better pizza. granted the ingridients are fresh and good. but their crust was just awful really cardboard like and no taste really. maybe ill give it another chance in the future.
4	LGO (what the cool people call it) has good food and is a very popular trendy place to hang out.  I don't think I've ever had a bad meal there, but there are a couple of things about it that I don't like.The bad thing about LGO is affected by the good things about LGO.  It is a very popular place, and so sometimes the lines get very long especially on the weekends around 10am and the parking situation is absolutely terrible.  There are very few spots in their parking lot and the parking lot across the street fills up very quickly as well.The only other thing I will say about LGO is that for the most part, the staff are very nice and friendly and eager to help.  There have been occassions though when I have encountered some rude wait staff who were a little bit snobbish towards me and my wife, but that is the exception and not the norm.Overall, it is a great place in a good location with good food, good ambiance and is a good place to take kids if you have them.
4	The breakfast sandwich i got was better then average, ice tea was a stale batch, maybe yesterdays batch, however there were so many honeys to watch id give it 5 bees
5	One of my first memories here was many years back when I was still a youngin. My brother,  Jared M. took me here for some dinner. We ordered a pizza and continued to play boggle and hang out..a memory I'll never forget. So here are some of my favs;  pizza's always delicious but when you can breakfast all day, the commuter is my number one pick. Mixing the tea's is definitely a good move to make & they've e also got amazing pre-made salads for the ones who need something quick and on the go. Most recently i had  a delicious turkey sandwich & a burger with my roommate to share. Although they forgot the burger, the free cookies they let us eat after made it all worth the while.  Too bad I was too full to hit the gelato spot attached to the dining area but then again, there's always next time!! Though parking is often a b***h you'll lose any sense of anger after walking inside their doors. The workers are friendly and the music sets tone for great times. GO GO GO TO LGO even if your getting your food to go, they'll bring it straight to your car, uber convenient eh?
5	Wait a second...I have not written a review!  This is nuts!!!!!Anyways...I adore this place.  LGO and the pizzeria are my favorite places in the world...lol...I am here at least 4-6 times per week.  It is nuts!  Anyways..the reason I am here all the time is because it is FABULOUS!!!!  This place can never go wrong!  The orange and fennel salad it amazing!  It is the perfect mix and each bite and a delight in your mouth and to your taste buds!  I often get this salad through out the week.  I love the kale and quinoa salad too!  It is my go to salad.  I am obsessed with the avocado pizza with prosciutto and goat cheese and the roasted corn pizza with prosciutto.  I wish I could get enough but I cannot!  The ambiance is awesome! Mr.Lynn is a genius and made this place so welcoming and open.  I love how its so laid back and romantic at the same time.  The parking is difficult, but you expect that since it is so popular!  Now the Peanut Butter Pie!!!  OMG OMG OMG!!  There are no words...it is DELICIOUS!!  I try to refuse every time but I cannot.  I really enjoy the sangria.  The wine selection is great!  I just love this place!!!!
5	I do not even know where to begin...this place is just all around wonderful. I went there with 4 friends and we ordered a pizza an appetizer, then each ordered burgers. Their pizza was incredible! Crispy, perfect crust, brushed with butter or olive oil and a hint of garlic, topped with fresh ingredients. The burgers we got were ok...I had the veggie burger (made with quinoa) and felt that the burger itself needed a bit more spice or flavor. The fries, however, were some of the best I have ever had. A mountain of crispy, fresh fries that were cooked in peanut oil and lightly dusted with a combination or seaonings and salt. And then...there was dessert. I got the red velvet cake and it was the BEST I have ever tasted. The cream cheese icing was decadent and light at the same time and the cake is self was unbelievably moist. I am from out of town but I will be hitting this place up the next time I am in Phoenix.
4	This place was great.  I went with a friend who has a baby boy and they were accommodating with a high chair even though we didn't ask for one.  The only reason this was not 5 stars was because we went on a Saturday at 6pm and the place was packed.  We had to wait 25 minutes before getting a table for 6.  Also, the parking was full, which added to the wait time.  There is a valet attendant, who was a bit helpful.Now, onto the food!  We stared with the baked chicken wings and it tasted hot and fresh.  It came with a fair amount veggies (celery sticks and blueberries) as well.We ordered the Mushroom Party w/ chicken sausage, Classic Margherita, and Mother Earth.  Mushroom Party was just okay.  I love mushrooms, but the flavors didn't grab my taste buds as the other two did.  Classic Margherita was my favorite.  The tomatoes and their sauce was a great fusion of flavors despite not having any meat.  Hint: use the parmesan to enhance the cheese flavor even more.  The Mother Earth was also tasteful if you are a fan of broccoli and olives.  One of us had a cheese allergy, so we had this one without cheese and it still tasted great.We shared the the Duvel Golden Ale growler which was much cheaper than each of us ordering an individual pint.  It was enough for about 5 and a half glasses.  So, 16 bucks vs 6 bucks a pint.  Which would you prefer?Overall, great atmosphere and would recommend you give it a try.  Service was attentive with drinks and boxes despite the large crowd and customers were not to rowdy or out of control.  This place works for both social or family outings.
4	This place is amazing for both breakfast and dinner! Make sure to check out the goodies in the grocery store next door.
5	Amazing pizza..total twists on flavors you wouldn't expect...
4	The gladiator and avocado with proscuitto pizza was good, however overpriced in my opinion.  The red velvet cupcake was really good.We returned and tried items from the grocery side.  The food was amazing. La Grande Orange takes pride in making things right and I can appreciate that.
5	We live around the corner from this lovely little establishment. Best pizza in Phoenix. Most unique for sure. Our favorite is to get half rocket man and half roasted corn with chicken on the whole thing. The pimento cheese dip is surprisingly to die for. The commuter sandwich is the best breakfast option.
5	This place is groooovy!!We came here on a Sunday afternoon. It was slightly busy and kind of confusing. You order your food at the counter and then find a seat after they call your name out (during the day, not sure about the evening). We order the margarita pizza and it was bomb! Our friend has the BLT and it looked pretty good....she had no complaints. I had the potato salad and it was freaking delicious. Maybe I was smitten by the groovy atmosphere, but I love this joint.
1	Drove all the way here for what was supposed to be killer food and dessert.What we got was the following.ATTITUDE!Sorry but when you go out to dinner you shouldn't have to deal with attitude having wait staff and managers.The pizza was very very average, maybe they had an off night?The desserts were all fantastic. Although we couldn't order them with our meal the way we were told we could in the bakery area. So we had to finish up, pay and then go back to the bakery area to buy desserts.The good: Salt on the tables is a very good salt and as a chef myself I appreciate that.The desserts are top shelf. Artichoke heart dish was interestingly yummy.The bad: Service was horrible. Manager was rude. Pizza was decent at best. Will probably stop in for desserts if ever in the area but would'nt step foot in the restaurant side again unless it was free.
5	Do I really need to state all the ways LGO is amazing... Because it is. A long, long, time ago I moved into town and read a review to try the Roasted Corn pizza. Well a year and a half later - it is still my go to. The pizzas are made with a sour dough crust, and the freshest ingredients.. The corn is fresh, goat cheese, basil, mozzarella and I add avocado to the top. I usually order from the grocery side and snag a bottle of wine too. I recently moved into Arcadia and have gotten to try their breakfast (love the oatmeal), salads and some of the fresh baked bread to take home. Plus- you can pick up just about any little treasure Your heart desires. They have tons of books, candies, candles, home goods...the list goes on. This place is s gem and perfect for absolutely any type of mood you are in.
5	Ive heard rave reviews about this place for years and last night was my first experience at LGO. We ordered the baked chicken wings, and two pizzas; the gladiator and the avocado pizza. All three items were delicious, my favorite being the avocado pizza, it was very fresh and flavorful. We were stuffed after our meal but their desserts looks to die for too. We will definitely be going back.
5	Pizza ia simply great. service has been super last few times we have been in and previous;y that hasn't always been the case! Rocket man is simply to die for- nice and spicy with lots of veggies. Not often offered BUT they made the best brussel sprouts I have ever had.
5	I'm going to be an uptight stickler here, and only review the pizzeria portion of LGO since the grocery part can be done under as a separate business. I hope others follow suit. Sorry, I'm super nerdy about this stuff.Anyways, the sourdough crust is my favorite pizza crust in all the land. I love the flavor and how it's always glistening with oil when it comes to the table. The toppings are really special here. If you even remotely like avocado, get their avocado pizza. The lemon zest puts it over the top. The corn with goat cheese is my next favorite. The only one that I haven't liked is the the rocket man. It tasted fine, but the heavy toppings were too much for the thin crust.We also had the fortune of trying their grilled artichoke appetizer one evening. I couldn't get enough of it! It's not on the menu (seasonal item I'm sure), but we asked about it when we saw plates of it go by.Extra bonus points for the large selection of cheap pizza wines. Any time I can get a decent bottle at a restaurant for under $20, I'm a happy camper.
5	Love the pizza here!
5	See the blog for photos and the review of La Grande Orange Grocery for my thoughts on myriad other items from La Grande Orange group.  This one is specific to the menu items within the Pizzeria and will be updated as I try more.  All things being equal, I love this place.Baked Chicken Wings with Point Reyes Blue Cheese:  From the "LGO Pizzeria" menu that begins service at 4pm on weekdays and 11am on weekends it'd be hard for me to imagine a better way to watch football in a public space than at La Grande Orange.  Not a fan of bars, beers, or greasy bites LGO offers up a tasteful menu of traditional American gameday fare highlighted by these $1/ea. seared, seasoned, baked to order wings.  Featuring organic chicken, plenty of heat, and just a bit of char what really sets these wings apart is how plump and juicy they remain even without frying and also the dressing - a sort of "ranch" with subtle sourness, lots of chives, and big chunks of bleu cheese throughout.LGO Pizzeria Pizza - Half Classic Margherita and Half Roasted Corn with Laura Chenel Goat Cheese, Corn, roasted tomatoes, and basil:  An interesting pie to say the least, what strikes me most about LGO's pizza is the crust - a sort of sourdough starter that the team is making when the place opens at 6:30am and allowing to rise on the counter as lunch/dinner approaches.  Topped with the superior ingredients that LGO is well known for and slathered with a lot of quality olive oil plus a bit of butter the crust gets a great crunch without getting much char and although the oven isn't hot enough to generate the same blister as Bianco or Pomo (particularly as the bakers are opening/closing it frequently to put new pizzas in and take finished ones out) the structure remains supple with a great chew.  Much more willing to go half/half than the vast majority of high end pizzerias these days I found the Margherita as good as the ingredients, though they went a bit light on the tomatoes for my tastes while the Roasted corn was excellent, the smoky sweetness of the corn proving a perfect foil to the punchy chevre.
4	Everyone loves LGO. Well, almost everyone. I see a few one and two star nuts in the mix.  It's one of my favorite restaurants in Phoenix too, but I have to say, the pizza is more like 3 stars. It is good, but not great. Just not a big fan of their crust. Now, the burgers, decor, service and people watching are all awesome. Plus it is attached to the LGO grocery store which is great.Last night I had their green chili burger for the first time and thought it was great. The beef was delicious and cooked to order, the roasted green chili tasted great, and even though it is borderline sacrilege, when at LGO, you gotta go with one of their massive English Muffins instead of a bun. I think it could be even better with melted American cheese, but the shredded cheddar is a nice alternative to the slice. The side of fries were awesome and they give you more than enough.After dinner I suggest you go over to the grocery store area and try one of the delectable desserts. I'm a fan of the Tammie Coe Ooey Gooey cupcakes myself. Parking's a bitch, but you can understand why. It's a great place. Check 'em out. You'll probably like it a lot.
4	**La Grande Orange Pizzeria is attached to La Grande Orange Grocery**As a first timer, the way in which to do things here was slightly confusing but here's the gist:1) Place and pay your food order at the LGO Grocery. Their menu offers pizza,      salads, burgers, and drinks. Gelato and pastries are also available for dessert.         In addition to made-to-order food, there are pre-packaged salads and       sandwiches available for purchase at the LGO Grocery. 2) If eating there, find your own table outside or in the adjoining LGO Pizzeria     which has the pizza oven visible to anyone seated in the room so you can watch     the cooks make your pizza if you so desire. 3) Once you find a table wait for one of the cooks to yel and I mean literally yell out           your name. 4) Pick up your pizza, return to the table, and enjoy!So after a full morning of visiting the Desert Botanical Garden, lunching at Chelsea's Kitchen, and shopping at Biltmore Fashion Plaza me and my friend worked up a small appetite and agreed to share a pizza at LGO Pizzeria. We shared the mushroom pizza which may sound like a regular pizza you can get at any Pizza Hut or Dominos.  HOWEVER the "Mushroom Party" pizza at LGO is anything but a regular mushroom pizza. Just the playful name alone: "Mushroom Party" suggests that you'll have a great time eating it. If you're not a fan of mushrooms don't get this pizza; but f you're like me and absou-freaking-lutely love mushrooms get this pizza!  The "Mushroom Party" includes a combination of crimini, oyster, and button mushrooms with onion and fennel. The different types of mushrooms used, added to the taste and texture of the pizza. The onion and fennel gave the pizza a bit of tartness and sweetness and a bit of crunch. The sourdough crust also added another layer of flavor to the pizza.  The combination of all these factors definitely elevated the pizza from just being another basic mushroom pizza. We easily finished the pizza and each had 4 small, but filling, slices. At $15 it was a fair price for a quality, made-to-order pizza.
4	What a great neighborhood spot. Great pizza, good prices, decent beer and a very friendly staff with great service!
5	went over the thanksgiving holiday and loved it (I have been here several times before, but I beleive this may be my first review).  We had salads, pizzas, and desert and LOVED everything.  Phoenix is lucky to have such a cool restaurant.
2	On Saturday I want to punch people in the face when here.  Mediocre food, overhyped, overpriced, no parking, bad service, and waaaaaaaaay too many people to enjoy yourself. Once upon a time you may have been worth it but with so many solid offerings in Phoenix these days your entitled attitude is not warranted.No it's cool, I'll clear off the table that you just walked by four times with nothing in your hands.  What's that?  Oh I shouldn't do that?  I should just stand here and look at the table full of dishes until you walk by a 6th time?  Ok.  Hey, one more thing. Kiss my ass.
5	The best gluten free pizza!! Absolutely loved the avacado pizza. So delicious. The wait staff was great, very friendly and invited us to a wine tasting while we waited.  Parking is limited, but certainly not an issue to complain about.
3	As far a pizza goes I have to say that LGO's pizza is just okay. I love, love, and I mean love pizza. I would eat it every day. Cold for breakfast even. But the pies I have had here definitely left something to be desired. I love the toppings and the interesting flavours but I am sill waiting for that wow factor that makes me want to have this pizza again and again. (** I do love that they will halve the specialty pizzas for you with no qualm. You can try two pies in one visit.)There are a few pies on my "need to try that" list. So I will be back. Plus I really want to try the burgers and the wings. I'd say at the least two more trips in the near future, of my own will. Maybe more if someone else chooses to invite. I love the chandelier in the dining area and the TV over the long bar. This place has a nice rustic feel in with the concrete bar top and the rich dark wood tables. A few larger tables for a bigger party but most of the tables seat four. Or two if you're by the window. If you do not like crowds or tight spots this is not the place for you. You order your pizza on the grocery side and there are always a ton of people in this itty bitty space. The menus are near the register when they should be near the doors. But there is usually a kind staff member to ask if you need one. All in all... It is something I say you should try once. Especially if you love toying new places and love you some pizzas.
5	Nice new audio bits. Mac ampsJBL monitors. Classy.
3	Pizza and sangria are great. Unfortunately, Breakfast is only okay. Packed in the morning. Lunes move quickly. Good coffee.  Next to my favorite Postinos!
5	Always great pizza
4	The best gluten free pizza I have ever had!  I ate the entire pizza myself!! This tasted so normal and good, I couldn't stop! :)I had the Fallen Angel with it's delicious thin crust (almost flatbread style), sauce, cheese, and toppings.  Now if you can please lower that horrible new loud music so we can enjoy conversations at the table without shouting and without headaches. With concrete floors, there is not exactly good soundproofing in the place to absorb the sound.
4	Food was good, service was good pizza was definetly way better this time. thanks to la grande orange for the gift card they where able to accomodate my party of 12 but had to wait about 2 hours. not good place for large groups, will come back with smaller group next time.
5	Just GOOD pizza!
5	A friend of mine recommended this place as we are visiting here from Minneapolis.   Besides the great music and nice vibe, the food was amazing.   Both me and my bf are gluteen free and their gluten free crust was delicious. :-)
5	LGO is awesome! The only thing that could make them better is if they served their pizza all the time. I think it is only available after 5 or 6 pm. They tend to be busy around dinner time, but trust me the wait is worth it, plus you can wonder around the shop next door and buy some cool nic-nacks, wine or coffee. They also have a counter to order food from if you don't want to sit down and you can take your food to go. We have eaten here several times and love it! I love trying different types of hot wings, and theirs are awesome! They are a flavor you are sure to enjoy and cannot get anywhere else. Perfectly spicy with that kick in the back of your throat and tons of flavor. You must check out their win list, tons to choose from and all price point anyone can afford to buy a bottle. We got a yummy Malbec that was only $13.99. Winning! After we enjoyed some wings we shared a couple pizzas.... The Gladiator (sausage, pepperoni and basically meat lovers) and a Margarita. Both amazing! The crust is perfection. I wanted to finish the whole thing, but couldn't.... I had to leave room for some dessert. We shared the Sea Salt Cookie with vanilla gelato, wow so good, I had to ask someone to remove it from the table so I didn't turn into a complete glutton. Moral of the story, LGO is awesome... and I hear there is one in the air port now, sweet!
5	I have been here a couple of times since my last review and every time I visit, the pizza only gets better. This is now my favorite pizza place in Phoenix and they have a great selection of wine as well. I would definitely recommend the "Rocket Man" here to anyone looking to try a new pizza.
5	Love their BLT, and their pizza.....mmmm.  One of my favorite local pizza joints.  Right there with The Parlor, Bianco, etc...Never tried their breakfast but rumor has it....it's good!!
4	Love this place.
4	LGO was fantastic.  Great food, great staff, and an outstanding storefront with the best English Muffins I have ever tasted.  I have dined in twice; however, and found the service to be a little on the slow side.  Also, with regard to crowding and poor parking, LGO suffers from both.
5	Went for the 1st time yesterday. Amazing pizza. Definitely will be back.I had the avocado pizza and the mushroom party with added bacon.
4	Ok danger zone - I live right across the street and eat here way too often. How can you complain with awesome food and staff right there? Everything is good and fresh and I love it.One complaint would be some inconsistency with the salads - don't get me wrong, they always taste great but the size varies quite often. The burgers are usually pretty good but the meat always seems under seasoned. Minor complaints that won't keep me from eating that stuff again.
5	Had a first date here and didn't know it at the time. Don't live in Phx anymore, and don't live with the girl anymore. Some of the best pizza I ever had. We shared a Margarita pizza......delicious. Yea, best pizza and she is still one of my best friends. Great place to eat, great place to shop next door.
5	Best place, BEST pizza in the valley!!! Everything is so good!!!! Love it!!!
5	LOVEEEEeee this place!  Delicious Food, Great atmosphere!
5	Best tuna melt you'll ever have. Pizza is fantastic and a change of pace with the sourdough crust.
5	Great pizza, very cheap wine list with amazing wine on it.
3	So I've been there once before and wanted my friend to try it.  I was expecting it but it was still a bit jarring walking in through the kitchen area.  Then you're in the gift shop - granted they've got some very interesting things.  You make your way through the shelves to stand in line and try to figure out what to order.I got a Gladiator(?) pizza - sausage and pep, ice coffee, kale and quinoa salad and red velvet cupcake.  ~$30!  Then I grab the salad out of the little refrigerated display by the line because I didn't know that's where you had to get the salad.  We find a seat in the dining area and then I go back to the grocery part to get my ice coffee from the bar.  I look around the gift shop and then go to the bar and there seems to be an ice coffee that's not spoken for.  I try to ask the lady behind the counter but she's busy so I just take it..Then after about 15 min I go to the pizza counter hoping my pizza is ready because there's no way you can hear your name being called.  Noticed there are little receipts attached to the pizza boards and one has my name on it.  Yay.I'm not sure the sour dough crust works for at least this particular pizza.  The salad is ok but pricey for such a small portion size.  The cupcake was pretty good.  Coffee was good too.All in all, its hectic and the music is loud enough to discourage conversation.  This half self-serve, half-served set up is not very clear.  Are you supposed to leave a tip or clean up after yourself?  Both?  Ugh, I'll go to Paradise Bakery before I come back here again for lunch!
4	Admittedly, after moving to the PHX area it took me a little while to figure out what everyone was talking about when they said "LGO"... but I am sure glad I figured it out!  All of the food is, in a word, delicious.  Heck, now you can even find LGO deliciousness at the airport!  Good stuff -- check it out if you haven't yet!
2	I just realized that I completely forgot to write my review on this place.  A bit odd to forget to write a review on a pizza place when I'm driving around town trying all the pizza places, no?Perhaps it's because their pizza was completely forgettable.We showed up later in the evening, and I was having a very hard time finding a pie that I could get really excited about.  So I went with a straight-up meat pizza.  My friend went with a similar one, but a little more toned down.I don't know what it was, but I just did not care for the pizza at all.  I didn't care for the crust - I thought it needed to be a little less tough.  They way overdid it on the pepperoni, completely overpowering everything else.  It was like Peter Piper without skeeball.My friend made a better choice with his pie, but it would have still been below average at any of the wood fired pizza places we've visited lately.The place was nice and quaint, though, and the attached grocery was kind of nice.  But LGO's pizza simply does not stack up.
3	I may be missing the point of this place, so I do plan on giving it another shot.I came here with mom and sis recently on a beautiful Sat afternoon... I ordered mom a sandwich and I had their burger on their house english muffin... would have been a tasty combination if the patty meat hadn't been almost raw.  Mom's sandwich was good according to her, she ate it but certainly didn't talk about it like she's talked about other places I've taken her to eat.  I also ordered a latte in a for-here cup.So the reason this wasn't a 4 stars for me:1) I personally ordered 3 things and had to WAIT at 3 different stations for each thing.. very frustrating when your latte is ready and it's starting to get cold and your sandwich (mom's) comes out way earlier than your burger.. so now you're mom is eating because her sandwich will get cold, your coffee is getting cold at your table because you have to be standing up by the burger place to finally get your hot, yet kinda raw, burger.  Super frustrating and I think this was the key reason why I didn't enjoy my visit here... The food was decent, but really was not that special enough to warrant the frustration of waiting at three different places for food (that arrive at totally different times) and then ultimately not enjoying the experience because of that.I'll give it one more shot because my friends swear it's awesome... but I wish they operated more seamlessly.
4	The set up to this place is a complete mess. I still have no clue how it works, I ordered my drinks and pizza in two different places. Even the employees weren't sure. I was a little frustrating and immediately put the blame on hipsters and their stupid rules. Parking can also be a mess.With that said  once you get over the set up the food is amazing. Highly recommend the corn pizza....soooo good. We even made room for dessert with some red velvet cake which was incredible too. This place really has everything good food, a bakery and even a good sized wine selection.
5	Amazing pizza! I love everything about this place.
1	Either the chef that night didn't care about serving us practically raw chicken or they didn't know what they were doing.  After getting home with our order of Baked Chicken Wings, we noticed that the bones and meat were bloody red and the meat was firmly attached to the bones and barely cooked.  I called the Pizzeria and spoke to a manager about the barely-baked wings.  He apologized and took my credit card number so that he could refund the wings back to my card.  Nothing has ever been credited back to my account.  Never going back.
5	La Grande Orange or as we local's call it . . . LGO is a great neighborhood meeting place with a wonderful atmosphere and fantastic food.  I've been frequenting LGO since day-1 some ten years ago and always enjoy myself.BREAKFAST SUGGESTION:  The perfect amount of nutrition and food for breakfast as I see it is 1/2 order of Granloa, Friut and Yogurt . . . granola roasted fresh each and every day.PIZZA SUGGESTION: Try the gluten-free roasted pizza-crust 1/2 corn & goat cheese and add avocado and the other 1/2 classic margherita pizza and you'll not be disappointed.  If you're in the mood for a glass of wine, the Moobuzz Pinot Noir slightly chilled is a great complement.PARKING: The Desert Parking valet guys are always gentlemen and will treat you special each and every time.  They will recognize you by name and if I ran as fast as they do to bring the car around, I'd loose a chin or two :-)Keep up the good work LGO . . . MURF
5	I love this place... Everything on the menu is amazing! I you haven't tried the breakfast here, you're missing out. Only down side is that breakfast hours are self seating times and dining room fills up quickly.
5	I have only been this once (so far) but I really had a great meal tonight.  Our pizza was a great sourdough and the cheese was a marvelous blend that I just haven't found anywhere in Phoenix.  The waitress took the time to really help us tailor our meal to our particular tastes and her wine suggestion was spot on.  We ordered the gladiator pizza (adding mushrooms and ham).  The wings we got were a bit fatty so they suggested I let them throw them back on the grill a bit longer to crisp them up a bit more.  That did the trick and they were a great BBQ chicken wing flavor.  After they did all this and I'd been made happy, the manager came over and asked how they were and said he'd taken it off the bill.  Wow, not expected.  Specially since they were great and I'd get them again in fact, thank you.  The one thing about the meal that really stuck out was the deserts.  The chocolate, peanut butter, ganache, and gram cracker pie was so good.  The walnut brownie we rich, chewy, and everything was so fresh tasting.  The strawberry gelato was obviously fresh berries and I could have just eaten a bowl of that by itself.  I know it sounds like I'm gushing here, but it's just so great to me when I find places like this.  Thanks for the great night.
1	i really wanted to like this place - a lot, since so many people I know seem to love it.  But much like many other trendy wanna-be higher end joints, I think the average upper-middle class customer base wants to like it so much they don't care how they are treated.  I however, am not blinded by overpriced food and nifty decor.This place is chaotic, overpriced and unfortunately has pretty decent food regardless. Super snobby hipster or sorority girl staff - not just one or two, but MOST OF THEM. I failed to meet one friendly person working there any time I have been in.  I registered on Yelp simply to leave this review.Going in at 3pm-ish is kinda a bad idea since they are in the middle of shifting from lunch to dinner set-up and no-one wants to help you.  You still have to order at the counter...my go-to is the pretty darned decent (but messy) veggie burger.  But that is all you get - no chips or anything.  Its enough but don't expect fancy.So yesterday we go in for my honey's birthday.  We both order the veggie burger.  We were the only ones eating in the place, but other patrons were hanging out finishing up or studying with desert.  First, they are already clearing the tables and setting for dinner.  No biggy right.  Problem is they take all the napkin dispensers off the tables and replace with place settings.  Great.  But people still come in to eat during this time.  So, no tables had napkins. I ask the guy doing the settings if we could get a napkin.  He ignores me.  I chock it up to not hearing me.  A few minutes go by, still no food, still no napkins.  So I get up and go ask the guy (same guy that ignored me) who is standing in front of a huge basket of cloth dinner napkins if we could get a couple. His response - NO! and that I needed to go find a napkin dispenser....!! say what?! last time I checked I wasn't on the payroll. And Seriously dude!  I am not good enough for a cloth napkin 2 inches from your face after you removed all the paper napkins available?  Needless to say I myself had to go hunt down the last table that had a dispenser on it - outside.After a very long wait, and much needed napkins in hand,  we finally get our burgers.  Great.  We take them to the table and my honey decides its a little bland and want mustard. She goes back up front and was told point-blank that if she had wanted mustard she should have ordered it and the only one that could give her mustard was the person calling out the food order - who was no longer around. Soooo, in an effort to be the better person we chose not to make a scene over mustard. Are you kidding me?  You can't turn around to the guy in the kitchen standing a foot away from you and say hey dude, can you hand me the mustard for a customer....NOPE!  We were freaking refused MUSTARD! And again, this was on my honeys birthday.  We chose to spend part of our special day here and not, one, not two, but every single staffer was rude on some level.  We decided not to get coffee and dessert and chose to spend our money elsewhere.  I am a customer service freak and the times I had been here before were so busy I couldn't tell if it was me being stressed by the environment, or if the customer service sucked! I chose to give them the benefit of the doubt, but now that I have been here without it being busy at all, I know it is just the ATTITUDE of this place. We will NEVER be back.
5	Great pizza! We went here with a group and kids. Great Pizza spot to come with the kids and not sacrifice quality! Love the different selection and great atmosphere..I loved everyone I ordered surprisingly liked the one with avocado on it.
5	The best pizza in the world!  We're from out-of-town and happened upon this treasure by accident.   Thin crust pizza to die for!
5	This place has superb pizza, best pizza I've had in the valley. I tried a half gladiator, half roasted corn pizza. Both were excellent. The sausage on the gladiator pizza in particular is very good, and the roasted corn pizza just melts in your mouth.The parking is kind of a pain at LGO, but I'll definitely be back because the pizza is great.
5	I waited until my second visit to write a review about LGO.First trip I enjoyed a roast beef sandwich which was very good. Great bread, meat and veggies. All very fresh. For dessert I got the chocolate chip gelato... SO good. probably the best Gelato I have ever had in the USA.Second trip we made it past 4pm so we could try the, pizza. duh. We ordered the baked wings to start and those were fantastic. They had a lot of meat on them and the sauce was great. Took me a while to figure out what was intriguing me so much about the sauce and I figured out it was because it was very smoky. So good though. Then we ordered a pizza to share. When they say it's for 2 people, they aren't kidding. We ordered the Cheese pizza (boring, i know but it's my favorite) and the sourdough crust is what really sells this pizza. It has such a great flavor and texture. The blend of cheeses were also fantastic.For dessert at dinner we got more gelato! chocolate chip and chocolate! The choco chip was just as good as the first time and the chocolate was also very good.PS. Order your gelato in a waffle cone! Oh man, best waffle cone I have ever had. They throw in some cinnamon into the batter and it makes such a difference!
4	LGO - I am in love with you!  First, you wow me with breakfast (your muffins melt me).  Then your drinks and sweets.  I finally had time to try your pizza.  Why didn't I come sooner?  Boy, I was missing out.  I got the gladiator pizza.  It was very good:  thin crust, crust was tasty, cheese was so flavorful, the sausage was full of flavors too, and there was pepperoni hiding between the crust and the cheese.  The cheese pizza was great too.  My mouth and tummy was a happy camper.  Why 4 stars?  The service.  It was slow, had to ask for refills, and just painfully to get your server's attention.  The place can get a little loud!
5	Saying the food was amazing would fall short.  We had the spinach apple salad and the avocado pizza. I was skeptical of having avocado on my pizza, but had to try it. I was not disappointed. It was the best pizza I have ever had. As for the salad, I am not a big salad eater. Only eat salad to try and be healthy. But this salad was so good there was nothing left on my plate. Same went for the pizza.  I would strongly recommend this place. And make sure to check out the attached market.
5	Love this place! I usually order the mushroom party pizza add egg or roasted corn pizza add egg. So good! One time I ordered take out from LGO and the egg wasn't cooked on the pizza properly and I just called them and they said the next pizza was on them and it was. Great service. I will keep continuing to return!PS Kale Salad is also really good as well as the Cheeseburger on the english muffin!
3	Am I missing something? Because I just didn't "LOVE" this place as much as I hoped I would. I went here twice before I decided to write a review just so I was basing my review on a measly sandwich. So here goes...First visit:We got here at 2, I wanted a pizza. Oh, they don't serve pizza or burgers until 4. Umm what if I want pizza for lunch? Ok so that's not gonna happen. I was already there so I decided to order the roast beef sandwich and my boyfriend got the reuben. I got iced tea and he got lemonade. Lets just say the lemonade was my favorite thing we got...and I don't even like lemonade. The sandwiches tasted like any old sandwiches. Nothing special. At least I didn't leave hungry. Second visit: I hate the way they do their ordering. Before 4, order at the counter and after 4, in the pizzeria. This time we went after 4, because I wanted my dang pizza! We got their cheese burger, margherita pizza, and mushroom party pizza with chicken sausage and pesto. Cheeseburger was ok. I don't like the dressing they have on there. But I'm a simple gal, I'm happy with lettuce, tomatoes, onions, and pickles. No need to get fancy! The margherita pizza was ok. Kind of bland. It's hard to mess up a margherita. The mushroom one was better! It had more flavor thanks to the pesto! Thats a good recommendation. Overall, the food was a little to greasy. It just failed to wow me like it did to many of the reviewers. I wouldn't mind eating there again but it's definitely not a please I'd choose. Maybe I'll have luck with their desserts!
4	I love LGO Pizza but always hated the parking situation. Luckily, they now have a valet service and if you get your valet card stamped, it's free. This makes it all the more enticing. My favorite pizza is the Mushroom Party - crimini, button, and oyster mushrooms. I'd like to try the Mother Earth because that sounds delicious (tons of vegetables) but that'll have to be next time. Their crust is both crispy and soft - a good combination. I haven't had any appetizers but they definitely have a large variety of items to choose from. If you are in the mood for pizza and want to try something different, this is going to be your new spot. Don't forget to valet!
3	I get it: I just don't think that much of it.Dropped by for a late lunch. Pizza is very good and salads are generous. Customers place orders at a counter on one side of the house (a store-like setting jamb-packed with various pricey food and gift items). Pizza-man then shouts your name over the crowd when your order is ready. It's open seating in the dining hall, and it appears one needs to ask for the tables to be bussed if they aren't clean when you sit down. There was one busser that was being kept far too busy this Sunday afternoon.For what they're charging you can get about equal quality at a place like NYPD Pizza and experience actual table service. What you won't get is the opportunity to spend $38 on a ultra-special insulated sports bottle with the LGO logo on it. It's the perfect way to tell everyone in Arcadia that you have $38 to spend on a sports bottle.Thirty-Eight dollars.  . .
5	Great all around -- as a casual, high quality dinner spot and as a market with solid deserts.  Fresh grilled fish, pizzas and salads all memorable -- sit at the chef's table, a high-top butcher block table with a prime spot to see all the action in the kitchen.  Highly recommend.
5	Love the crowd that eats here. Very wholesome. Always strike up good conversation with strangers.  Been here hundreds of times and there's nothing that compares. I live right around the corner and as a local I never get sick of it. The ambience, the staff, and  the people that this restaurant draws to it are all top-notch. The layout and procedures might seem confusing at first but that's what makes it unique. This is my favorite restaurant! My faves are the hot pressed tuna sandwich, the Havana latte, and the kale & quinoa salad. Delicious!!!
4	I love this place- both the store and the pizzeria!  The food is absolutely amazing...my favorite is the grilled artichoke appetizer.  For being in such a cool neighborhood, and for having such great food, the prices are really reasonable as well!  My favorite example being the fact that you can get a 60 oz re-usable jug of beer for just 10 bucks...and if you bring it back, they refill it for you for only 10 bucks as well.  The staff is super friendly and personable and can remember faces even if you've only been here a few times.  Once, we were there on a Friday night when it was particularly busy.  We had to wait for about 35 minutes for food- which is longer than average (but still not bad)...so the waiter gave us our appetizers and dessert on the house!  We hadn't even complained!
1	Food is good, service is crap. If your looking for a place with good food, fun atmosphere and good service.. This is not your place. The only good thing about this place is they get the food out quick. We went there last night for dinner and enjoyed our meal. My brother in law realized he left his phone at the restaurant so went back to hunt it down. Upon talking with the manager he explained that the phone was absolutely not there. He claimed to have gotten down with a flashlight and looked under and around the table. My brother in law asked him if they could turn the music down just a little to try and hear the phone just to have the ponce manager claim it would "ruin the esthetics of the restaurant"... There was a max of 12 people in the restaurant!! After searching around the table for a few minutes they found the phone under the table in the corner that the manager claimed he had already checked.. This kind of "customer service" is disgusting and the manager would do good at focusing more on keeping customers happy than HIS esthetics. Shame on you.
5	Campbell and 40th is my favorite food intersection in Phoenix so far. The food itself is probably worth 4 stars but I'm going to bump it up for Courtney, our server who was great. Prompt, efficient, friendly.  This place is actually very reasonably priced if you order the right things.  Each pizza is enough to share (as stated on the menu) but we were ambitious and ordered more than enough. Thus, it allowed for us to sample different kinds and take some home which I'm def not complaining about.  The tap beer prices are also a great deal if you order the growler and split among friends. I'll probably buy the jug next time, which you can bring back and get even more discounts on a refill.Pizzas had a great crust, like a thin crunchy asiago flatbread. Don't forget to add the freebies like onion, garlic, egg, chiles, and extra love. Very good. Friends had gelato and a red velvet cupcake that they said were enjoyable.  Atmosphere is spot on for a joint in Arcadia. Server correctly split our bill without hassle. Pizza, beer, fun. I'm going to find a fat, lazy day where I just go back and forth between Postino and LGO.
5	Oh my delicious. Love La Grande Orange!We ordered several different pizzas to share and each one was delicious. The crust is thin and crispy, the toppings are fresh and beautiful, and everything is made so well. Our server, Courtney, was super helpful and all around awesome.The white wine sangria was especially noteworthy. I usually don't like white wine sangria (I'm more of a red fan), but this was so fresh and delicious. I definitely recommend ordering a glass.Chocolate chip gelato was really creamy and good, and the red velvet cupcake was nice with a tangy cream cheese frosting that I really liked. I cannot wait to go back and try every pizza on the menu.
5	Fallen angel and a pitcher of sangria... on the way out I get a sea salt chocolate chip cookie. This place is the best pizzeria in town. I've been to the fancier places and the price and quality of this pizza is superior in every way.Go to Pizzeria Bianco and wait 2 hours for mediocre gourmet pizza? Or go here and eat amazing pizza right away.... hmm, tough choice eh?
5	A friend took me there last night to get cookies and I have to say they have some amazing cookies. I can't wait to try other stuff there  the pizza looks yummy as heck..
4	The roasted corn pizza is my favorite and for dessert,  the sea salt cookie is a must.
4	Went here on a date yesterday. If I had to rate the date, I'd give it one star but luckily, for LGO, they're not responsible for my grave mistakes, haha! LGO has a variety of colorful pizzas that have your traditional cheese to more exotic things like avocado. I have never though about putting avocado on a pizza...I bet it's really good. What also makes LGO really cool is that they offer vegan and gluten free pizza crusts. Just be careful though, because their vegan crust is not gluten free and their gluten free crust is not vegan. They also offer an array of delicious salads. I have the pizzeria chopped salad without cheese and I added avocado to it. The salad has lettuce, pistachios, raisins, artichoke hearts, sun dried tomatoes, and olives. It's tossed in a champagne vinaigrette. It was pretty tasty and was the perfect portion for one person. My date ordered a pepperoni and cheese pizza on a gluten free crust. It looked and smelled delicious. Because I'm a vegetarian, I did not taste it. He said it was really good, however. I have had their pizzas before and they are indeed delicious. The only problem with my experience is that my salad came out a good 15 minutes before his pizza. I did the polite Italian thing and waited for his pizza to come out before I ate my salad. It's a good thing because I would have finished my salad way before he finished his pizza. I should have eaten my salad, paid my bill and ditched the douche...but politeness prevailed in this case. Oh well.
4	Had the gluten free cheese pizza.  It was wonderful.I really did not care for the seating.  I love a booth...hate table seating.  They had 2 booths.  There was only 2 other couples in the whole place....neither group in a booth.  So I requested 1 of the 2 booths....and I was told no.  The hostess/waitress said she would "get into trouble" if she sat us there.  Really!  Because they were SO busy!
5	Impeccable! I absolutely love this place, from the great music, to the delicious pizza, to the incredible burgers, and to the outstanding fries. The service was excellent, and the drink/beer/wine selection was quite impressive as well. Le Grande Orange is a true desert gem!
5	I. LOVE. LGO. Not only is their food amazing (lunch AND dinner), but they have the most adorable little shop you can walk around while you wait for your food (and trust me, you'll wait). If you go for lunch, try the chicken salad sandwich with sliced apples...mmm! Their coffee is also bomb. Nestled in the village of Arcadia, this little gem offers something for everyone. Overall, it wouldn't be out of the ordinary to frequent this place after you discover its existence--it's that good.
5	Ashley was awesome!  The gluten free pizza was terrific as always.  First time having the Pimento Dip...it is a welcome change from the old salsa.
5	After a 5 mile run this evening, good friend and running partner, Yvonne, decide we were worthy of a little festive snack. We decided to stop in and order a Fallen Angel pizza. Pizza was perfect! Scoops of Caramel and Butter Pecan Gelato was just the only way to end a great evening. Waitress and service were awesome as always. This is a perfect restaurant for lunch, dinner, dessert, or just a kewl spot to meet a friend for coffee and conversation.LGO...Love it! Cheers***
5	Shortly after my first review, I was contacted by the customer service manager apologizing for my mediocre experience and wanted to make it right. I really appreciated that because it shows a lot on their part; they actually care about their customers! She offered me a generous gift certificate, unlike oreganos who sent me a $10 gift card which ended up insulting me even more.So I went to LGO today with my parents for my "third times a charm" experience. We got there and the hostess said the wait would be about 15-20 minutes, but we were seated within like 5 minutes which was great considering how busy they were. Were seated and greeted by our waitress who was just amazing. She was just so sweet and polite. Needless to say, their customer service was outstanding! We ordered their lemonade because I love their lemonade. It is exactly how I think lemonade should be which is suuuper sour!We ordered this salad that came with beets, tomatoes, grapefruit and a poppy seed dressing. I don't remember what it was called. Also, we got the mother earth pizza and the roasted corn and added garlic to both. You just cant have pizza with no garlic! The salad was delicious! just the perfect amount of zest and spice with mild goat cheese! yum! The pizza's were delightful! They were not overbearing with flavor but had enough to give your mouth a kick! I think we got the wrong pizza's last time because these ones were perfect! I loved the mother earth pizza more than the corn though. After we stuffed our faces with that delicious food, I was ready for dessert. I got the red velvet cake that was paired with their coconut gelato. Of course that was my favorite part of the whole thing! Their red velvet cake was so moist and the icing was creamy and sweet! So yummy! as for the coconut gelato, it was PHENOMENAL! BEST gelato I have had. It tasted like actual coconuts and there was shredded coconut in there for a extra kick in the texture! Yummmm!Anyway, So I am officially a fan of LGO! They went above and beyond to win me over and I am a permanent customer. Cant wait to go back! :)
5	Alright LGO. After several visits and some hard consideration, I will admit that you are probably one of my favorite places in the valley. Now i'm not a "Regular" because its too far of a drive for me, but LGO has become that place I think about when I want to treat myself (queue in parks and recs: TREAT YO SELF), bring people from out of town or just suggest a place to eat where I know most people will be happy: it has a variety of options, its not too expensive and the environment is nice but not upscale. See? everybody wins.Thus far I have managed to try 3 things:ROASTED CORN PIZZAThis is the pizza that Yelp keeps raving about, and I have to say one thing: IT NEEDS MORE CORN. Like tons more corn, its a corn pizza after all, right? I thought the thin crust was great, it was crunchy, it had a nice olive oil drizzle and the cheese was abundant. It was a decent size and it fed me leftovers, which ended up quite well in the toaster oven. Its a great dish to share, especially if.. you know.. it had more corn. (Okay I'll stop now).SALMON SALADThere are now two salads that I believe are the best thing in the world: the Stetson Chopped from Cowboy Chow and the Salmon Salad here. It came in a plastic box for takeout and I swore I was buying airport food. I didn't even eat it right away, I ended up eating it the next day because my plans changed. I did not expect it to be this good. The fresh salmon, the combo of spinach, arugula, basil, the creamy pearl cous cous, the crunchy seeds and nuts and the dressing. Everything worked perfectly and the portion was very filling for a salad, but definitely doable if that's the only thing you're eating. I made sounds while I was eating it. Yummy sounds. It was awkward.WILD RICE SALADThe dressing on this salad is the bomb. Luckily I ate it at home and was able to disgracefully lick it clean without anyone looking at me and calling the creep-bulance. I also loved the crunch it had and the flavor of the fresh herbs (don't remember if it was cilantro or mint, but it was strong!). It was pretty filling and pretty great pairing it with any meat. It didn't feel like I was eating a bowl of carbs so my guilt feeling was kept at a minimum. Woo!So, so far so good. I have many more things to try at LGO and many more yummy sounds to make. Its all about the journey, and let me tell ya, I'm excited.
3	Cool place to hang out, trendy, vibey etc.  Parking can be tough, place is pretty packed, there is also a little store and wine and cheese etc.  Definitely worth a visit.  Would not make a habit of coming here though.  I know alot of people would disagree, just my two cents.
4	I have been to the grocery store a few times and to the restaurant once. The grocery store sells this really good pistachio gelato and some interesting wines. The service was always good but the lines were ever-present when I visited (weeknights). My experience at the restaurant was good. My date and I had the pizza I think, and even though we had to sit at the bar because of the crowds, it was a decent experience and I'd recommend this place for anyone looking to change up their usual restaurant choice for a night.
5	My only complaint: You can't make a reservation, so it can take a while to get seated especially with a larger party.My favorite pizza is the avocado prosciutto, it's just the right combination of salty and creamy. The pizza dough consistency is great too. They have some great salads too. The best (in my opinion) is the one with kale and quinoa (can't remember what it's called). So good.They have complimentary valet parking, so remember to bring a couple dollars in cash to tip them. They also have parking in front, but it's usually packed.
2	have gone there a lot...most recent visit however was less than stellar...had my usual ruben...really have liked that sandwich...but this time..the ingredients were of poor quality...fatty fatty meat and tough...the goodies with it had a different flavor and kind of bland...the service...wow...down the can..rude, rude, rude people taking orders.Need to work on that a bunch.
5	Wish they had more stars to put.. Love Love this place. Probably one of my fav. places  in the valley.  I'd like to go for weekend brunch , sometimes during lunch too., even though this place is far for me:)  It has variety of veggie options. I'd recommend this place to anyone looking for food items fresh in season.
4	8/11/11Arrived early to meet a friend for happy hour.  While I waited, I ordered a Dark 'n Stormy, which was made with Gosling's rum and ginger beer and was very satisfying. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/la-grande-orange-pizzeria-phoenix?select=3I1MDsYqvtcSvZ1mEAdm3A#3I1MDsYqvtcSvZ1mEAdm3A  I recall having to nurse it, when what I really wanted to do was order another one.  We eventually ordered a pizza to share, the Fallen Angel, which consisted of local Schreiner's sausage, roasted yellow peppers, shaved fennel, and "premium cheese and red sauce." http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/la-grande-orange-pizzeria-phoenix?select=mnnAJU87MV0Skbk9d5xPVA#mnnAJU87MV0Skbk9d5xPVA  Very, very good!  Great thin crust, although IMO the red sauce made for a soggy pizza.  Guess we also ordered chicken wings, although I don't remember the experience, so I most likely didn't have any.  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/la-grande-orange-pizzeria-phoenix?select=pwqkdvk8VnOBNmWaDH-uow#pwqkdvk8VnOBNmWaDH-uowhttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/la-grande-orange-pizzeria-phoenix?select=XvbD54Sj8m2i6qSa2MxCuA#XvbD54Sj8m2i6qSa2MxCuAI haven't returned, but that's because there's so many restaurants to try in this valley we live in!  I must go back before the end of the year...
4	I have been back a few times since my last review, and I must say, LGO is still good, but not as good as the first time. The pizza is still good, I like the thin crust and the inventive toppings. They just haven't been quite as good as they used to be. The caprese salad isn't that special one that I had the first time either....sigh. You know what still is delicious? That's right....the red velvet cake.....ohhh this stuff is so good. I don't love the forced valet parking....why can't we just park? aaanyway, I would not say that LGO is the best pizza in Phoenix, but it is still a solid choice.
5	I had a fantastic experience at this place.  I was in town for work, and one of the locals recommended it when I asked where I can get a good pizza.  The quality of the pizza itself was outstanding, very upscale but yet still simple and fresh.  The appetizers were really good as well, I had the chips and dip tray (oh my god the pimento cheese dip) and their take on insulata caprese.  The tomatoes were roasted and amazing, one of the best capreses I've ever had.  They are a little on the pricey side, but totally worth it for what you get.  I probably wouldn't take younger kids here but it's a great place for a date night.  Complimentary valet parking was pretty sweet, too, just make sure you have a couple bucks cash to toss the valet.
4	Great coffee, baked goods, and breakfast to go catch up with a friend.  Little gift shop on the grab-and-go side is cute.
5	I must say I have drove by this place numerous times but have always been a little deterred to go in.  I wasn't quite sure what to expect since the parking was so small, the signs of where the actual restaurant was, wasn't that clear to me but after talking with a friend I was convinced I had to try this place. The parking was a bit confusing the lot in front is only for the market so if you are planning on dining in you can't park there. They share the valet services with Postino's which is directly behind their building (They will validate the ticket so valet is free). Walking up to the building I entered through what I am pretty sure was the La Grande Orange Market then through a skinny walkway entered the actual Pizzeria which was much bigger than I had expected. Our waiter was very friendly, he made sure we were aware of the specials and answered any questions we had. I ordered the Classic Margherita Pizza which was made with their signature sourdough crust that was so tasty, the fresh mozzarella and tomatoes gave it such great flavor. My friend ordered the Mother Earth Pizza that was full of fresh vegetables and just the right amount of cheese. For dessert we had the LGO old timer it looked like a giant homemade ding dong and while it was very rich, it was oh so yummy.... Overall I will definitely be back I loved the people, the food and the charm!!!
5	La Grande Orange is always delicious meal whenever I go and staff is very friendly.  Whether its the pizza, salad or appetizer, we always have a nice time in a relaxing and comfortable setting.  I have also heard from friends but not tried yet the breakfast - it is apparently one of the best breakfasts around.  Will need to go soon.Whenever my mom is in town, we always make our way over to LGO.  One of our favorites is the grilled artichokes and brusselsprouts.  You cannot go wrong, trust me.  If you're looking for good wine for a good price, try this place.  Honestly, everything is excellent on the menu so whatever you go with, you're going to have a good meal.
5	Somehow i have gone by whole entire life without going or even hearing much about of La Grande Orange Pizzeria. After always seeing great reviews on my Yelp home page I decided that i had to go and give it a shot!  None of us in our group had been there before so we had no idea what to expect. We all had a fantastic time at LGO!When we showed up we had to wait 20 minutes so we went next door to the grocery store, the time flew by while we where over there. With all the things to look at, it was the fastest 20 minutes of my life. Our food was beyond delicious and our service was great! I cannot say anything bad! If you haven't been before you gotta go! I will defiantly be back
4	Love La Grande Orange. However, when we have visited lately, it's extremely difficult to find clean tables. No one has been available to clean the tables and we've had to clean our own. I don't mind spending extra for good food but it does ruin the experience when I have to put plates away so I can use a table. I have been a repeat customer since 2009 and LGO is pretty consistent with their good food but I hope they get some more help to assist customers on the dining room floor. Try the Jersey Girl burrito (my favorite!)  and the Mia's French Pancakes, very good!
4	Just awesome!  Great to find a place that offers gluten free options.  Ordered the margarita pizza (GF) with mushrooms & chicken sausage.  Great quality & flavor!  Best part was the crust was thin (NY style) which is rare for a gluten free option.  Service was wonderful as well.  Would definitely return when back in AZ.
5	Love, love, love, love, love this place. Coffee in the morning, happy hour, dinner, whatever. I have been here several times and each time it does not disappoint. Leggo to LGO!
4	La Grande Orange is my favorite restaurant right now. The food is absolutely outstanding! I am a big fan of the "Gladiator Pizza". Everything tastes fresh and so delicious. They also have amazing selections of gelato, which is always amazing. Thumbs up for LGO!
5	Fantastic everything: pizza, beer, ambience, service. The burger is exceptional.
5	Never heard of this place before.Just looked up Yelp & felt like giving it a try. Was really satisfied with the experience.Lots of variety & authentic touch in the food.Ambience is lively.Waiting to go there & enjoy again.
3	The food was good. I will start with that. However, everything else is...odd. From everyone and their mother being able to manhandle your food at the counter, to the lack of space to just stand without being in someone's way, to the absolute suckfest that is parking, LGO is okay. Nothing more.
5	The house made English muffins are as good as they get!
5	By far thee BEST GLUTEN FREE PIZZA I have EVER had!  I have tons of food allergies and La Grande Orange definitely has the best GF pizza crust I have ever tasted.  It's light and crispy and actually holds together while holding the slice in your hand.  I've tried many GF pizza places and nothing compares!  I like to order half The Rocket Man and half Mother Earth... this is also a great place to share a pizza because you can choose two types per pizza!I have been here a few times with the intention of trying something new, but I always cave and try different variations of the pizza :)  The House Marg is a delicious drink, as well as the spiked lemonade.  I really have nothing bad to say about this place.  I have never had bad service, always friendly servers with smiles- working hard!  The grocery add on is definitely a plus with unique/ quirky gifts and great wine selections!
5	WoW!   A must visit when near Phoenix. Wish there is a place like this in the OC
5	So pizza is mine and my husbands favorite, and this is truly the best pizza in the phx area. It's truly amazing--the sourdough crust makes my mouth water just thinking of it. We always get the avocado pizza and we have them add corn, then we sprinkle the sea salt they have on the table--it's amazing! Go!
5	Love the pizza here.  The crust is tender, bready but slightly crunchy as well . . .not as crunchy as the most authentic Italian pizzas, but i don't think they're trying to replicate an Italian pizzeria.  The crust tastes like it's been glazed with a subtle amount of something . . . a butter blend?  but just the right amount so isn't dry.  Mouth-watering.  Contemporary and wonderful.  Bless you.
4	I've ordered here for the 2nd time today. I'm impressed with the taste of this gluten free pizza . I try to eat as healthy as possible but so writes I cannot - if you like to eat bad foods, but in a good way go here. This place has a friend staff, affordable food and its healthy. I'd come back a third or fourth time for sure.
5	We love this place. We will wait for a table and drive long distances for what is our favorite pizza in the valley. And what we really loved WAS the spinach apple salad. They took it off the menu.  Why do you mess with success. Go ahead and add the salmon salad, but please bring back our old friend.
5	Great pizza and gelato! Fresh and hot and nice casual atmosphere.  Very reasonable.  Had the mushroom party and gladiator for family of four.  Perfect with coconut gelato and pb&j pie at the end.
5	I feel like I've traveled the United States eating pizza.... Washington, Phoenix, New York City, Vegas.... and I constantly find myself comparing everyone else's pizza to LGO's. I have not found a pizza better than the Roasted Corn pizza. It is just fantastic! This is my FAVORITE PIZZA in all the land!! :) The Gladiator isn't half bad either, very delicious. You win LGO!
5	First off,  we ordered our pizza in the Phoenix airport between flights. As for airport pizza this is a 7 star. I really was not existing such delicious pizza. Palatable, yes I had hoped for that thanks to use of a brick oven. We ordered a margherita with fresh mozzarella cheese, fresh basil and tomatoes. I'm usually iffy on sliced tomatoes on pizza. But these were good. But that's just toppings. Toppings can be good or bad. But they really don't make a pizza. The sauce and the crust are what defines a truly great pizza. First the sauce was good. Not too sweet. Not laid on too heavy. Just the right balance to add a touch of moistness. Now the crust. Beautifully thin. With some crispness near the edges and softer breadiness in the middle. Most importantly no part of the crust was doughy or uncooked. Which is a common problem of many pizzas -even if the average Joe isn't realizing that is a major factor of influence. The crust even had some beautiful bubbles. Two of which were lightly charred. And that is a measure of perfection in my book. A good pizza has two lightly charred bubbles of crust. They should NOT be burnt to the point of being inedible. Just charred. The price was $12-$13 for a small pizza. Which is a touch pricey. However, this was afterall inside the airport where a can of Coke is $3. So I'm not really going to knock them on price. And wager their normal stores fall into the average $$ range. I'd say my biggest disappointment is that our flight started boarding or I'd have ordered a second pie. Probably try one of their meat pies. I'd probably put La Grande Orange in the top 10 pizza pies. So now that I've said that, let me give you some background and street cred. I come from New Haven, CT arguably the pizza capitol of the world. We have three pizzarias that consistently rank in the top. Pepe's is probably ranked #1 more consistently than any other pizzaria in America. In fact in a recent scoring New Haven pizzarias placed #1, #7 and #11. NYC being the only city to have more top rated. But mind you NYC has 10x the population of little ol' New Haven. So when I review a pizza I'm highly critical. And very few earn a 5 star rank. So good job La Grande Orange for surprising me with good pizza in Phoenix of all places (and an airport to boot). And yes I'd put this pie in my top 10 list. That is saying a lot....Did I mention they had what looked to be fresh squeezed orange juice as well? Also, I saw a number  of reviews comment about the pizza being gluten free. If true even more kudos, and then I could proclaim La Grande Orange to be the #1 gluten free pizza pie.
5	I came here for dinner and HH with a friend, after hearing nothing but raving reviews about LGO! I actually drove past it the first time but was able to find it after a quick U-turn (legally of course!). The market is lovely with all kinds of things to look at, the bakery was stocked full of yummy goodies and breads galore! We were seated in the dining room and our waitress was very sweet and attentive. After looking at the menu's, we noticed there wasn't much of a HH (only 2 wines for $5, $1 off cocktails and $2 beers). My friend and I ordered Sangria (OK I had 2) and thought it was quite tasty and full of fruit to nibble on afterwards. We split the smoked salmon salad, which was amazing! Perfect amount to split with someone because we also ordered the roasted corn pizza. Wow, the pizza was so good! I didn't think corn in a pizza would taste this good but it really does, as it was layered underneath the cheese and sourdough pie! Since we saw all the amazing bakery items beforehand, we had to order the Smore's cupcake (to split!). It was also incredible and rich, glad we split it! I had a really great time and will be back! Delish!
4	This place really seems to have something delicious for everyone, just as my friend who suggested it promised. Case in point, our table ordered: a whole chicken, a roasted corn pizza (vegetarian), a fish sandwich on lettuce with a salad (paleo), and a fish sandwich on bread.  For dessert, we tried the peanut butter pie and red velvet cake - both served with amazing gelato, made fresh. Everything was super delicious - impressive flavors, not too heavy. The desserts were incredible. The service was really pleasant and the atmosphere is cute. We'll definitely be back soon!The only downside was that the wine is pretty pricey by the glass. We solved this by ordering a $15 bottle of wine.
5	This place has never let me down!  The food is excellent and the service is fast.  Parking may suck and it's always always busy here, but it is worth it...trust me.I highly recommend the kale and quinoa salad - my favorite salad in town!  Also try the avocado pizza with prosciutto - yum!A friend of mine is gluten-intolerant.  Since we usually share a pizza, I've tried the gluten-free crust.  I must say it is the best gluten-free crust I've had anywhere in Phoenix.Before you leave, get a French sea salt chocolate chip cookie (to die for) and a package of their house made English muffins.If you haven't been to LGO yet, you are missing out on a gem!
4	A really nice and decorative restaurant. I highly suggest their wings and fries.
5	Parking sucks, waiting may be long, but the food is worth it. Never had an average or bad experience here. It's becoming our regular Sunday night digs.
4	Come here on a Sunday when you're hungover. Pick a table in the center of the dining room and vegetatively sit and stare out of the large plate glass windows wondering why, between Mastro's the previous night, El Santo all day Saturday, and the Candy Store, you somehow managed to blow just over 700 bucks this weekend.LGO is a charm with its high energy young crowd adorned in yoga pants, and, its older hipsters, also wearing yoga pants.It would appear this place is some kind of Mecca for yoga pant aficionados. The music is cool too. A friend recently spent the day here working, Shazaming their playlists. She found most of the songs on Pandora's 'Lumineers' station.Anyway, I ate a chopped turkey salad, or at least a part of it while pensively gazing out the window, as If I was working on a cure for dick cancer or something. The salad and a soda was ten bucks.This is a great move, staring out of windows.Others will think you're an eccentric genius or something as you mindlessly stare directly through them while revisiting your bonehead moves from the weekend.A chuckle to yourself every now and again as you think about how Mastro's gets away with charging 11 bucks for a baked potato, and how a certain stripper at the Candy Store will pull out her false teeth for only a buck. [another wave of nausea, hang on a sec]As I said, this is a great place to feel good about yourself when you get a load of how other people are more screwed-up than yourself.Granny hipsters in unfulfilled (pancake butt) yoga pants that oddly enough, manage to somehow telegraph the outline of an equally loose fitting thong. Now there's a nice 'eewww' moment.I yakked up the salad afterwards, but it had nothing to do with the food or the ill-fitted thongs.I think it was the hard-boiled egg and my hellacious hangover.The thong visual was pretty messed up though.Anyway, a strong recommend.
5	Amazing pizza with even better wings. Try the 3 dip app as well. The pimento is also amazing. The staff is awesome and would definitely come back for more!!!
3	Very good food, but I think there are much better places right nearby. It has a nice ambiance, but the food was not anything special. I would definitely return, but I would not go out of my way to go here.
5	GF Pizza!! Additionally, I'm crackhead for the roasted corn GF pizza with bacon. Thanks Karen for the suggestion!!
5	I live within walking distance and constantly go in for fresh bakery bread and chai tea at the grocery part.  Today I called ahead and ordered a cheese pizza from the pizzeria side.  We got there 20 minutes later and it was ready to pick up.  It was gooey and good and no complaints other than the online menu said it was $12 but I was charged $13.  Pricey for the size, but still a good pizza.
4	Pizza, salad, beer and a burger, sounds generic enough however there are a few things that make this place shine.The beer at $6 pint is is not cheap but bring a growler and for $12 you can get 4 beers as long as you don't mind just one type. For wine they have an attached market with okish prices again they sell the wine with the pizza for the same price (score).The Pizza it self, thin crust cooked in a open  fire oven. The mushroom party was the best party in my mouth or elsewhere. Sweet caramelized onions  along with a mix of mushrooms and cheese made for a real hit. The avocado pizza was unique but I found the rich avocado to be a bit overpowering for the crust. The salads were all good that may be due to the large amount of dressing on them. Ambiance, is like any other trendy place, a bit too loud and maybe a bit too dim, -I really sound  old.
5	Not sure if i even have to write a good review, all these speak for themselves, but i will tell you my go to item.Croque Madame ( sometimes substitue Turkey for ham ) and add avocado.. you will not be disappointed, if you are, find me and i will go with you there and order you something new.
4	I love LGO so much! Quality ingredients and products. I can always find a thoughtful card  or gift along with tons of appetizing foods and tasty drinks. They've got everything. The downside to LGO is the crowds, confusion where to order during in-between meal hours, and and limited parking. They've accommodated special parking spots for "to go", "20 minutes only" etc that make it better but valet often is the way to go. Valet is available in back. Very friendly staff. If it's not officially dinner hour there's no table service and you order & pick-up at market. If you're new you might not realize and become frustrated. As often as I've been there I still get confused. Wish they'd revise. Otherwise it's a must see in Arcadia! Kid & Dog friendly too :)
5	Hands down, the best pizza in Phoenix. My wife and I are known pizza snobs. We don't love the stigma that goes with the title, but we've come to embrace it over our four years of marriage. LGO's sourdough crust and fresh mozzarella has gotten nothing but race reviews from both of us.If you can get past the crazy long lines and sometimes blaring loud music at night, this place is the perfect pizza joint. Here's a suggestion: Come during the lunch hour if you really want to enjoy a pizza. Lines are down and the music is at a bearable level.
5	Since writing the original review, We went back to Le Grande (we always do) and tried the Roasted corn pizza, the Smoked Salmon Salad, and ended with a huge red velvet cupcake.  The roasted corn pizza with the goat cheese and fresh basil ... to die for!  The smoked salmon salad was good, fresh, nothing to complain about.. .  The cupcake was huge and good for 2 adults and a toddler.  Yum!  Next stop.. their new restaurant across the street called Ingos Tasty Food.  Headed there now and will review shortly!
5	Favorite pizzeria in Phoenix!  I always bring out of town friends here and they fall in love with it. My cousin drives up from Tucson to get an LGO fix way more often than she would probably care to admit.  =)  I've tried probably every pizza on the menu.  My absolute favorite is the roasted corn pizza with sausage added.  I have some leftovers in my fridge as I write this, in fact.  Mmmm!   That pizza just blows my mind every single time I order it!   The classic margherita pizza is always a hit too, it's just so fresh and made to perfection.  Order the roasted corn - add sausage if you're a meat eater and enjoy this little slice of heaven! If you're thinking about an appetizer, you can't go wrong with the chip plate - the pimento dip is amazing - it just tastes like a cheese dip with a little kick/heat to it.  The guacamole is always so fresh and delicious too.  A favorite spot for guac.  I don't personally care for the salsa though, but I'm happy to leave that to others and go for the guacamole and pimento dip!  Stop by at the market for some delicious dessert on your way out.  Vegan apple cinnamon cookie is surprisingly great. The sea salt chocolate chip cookie can't be beaten.  Or get yourself some gelato or a cupcake, you can't go wrong.  Everyone will enjoy your meal here.  It's one of my favorite treats and how I love to show off Phoenix to visiting friends!   Great job LGO!!
5	I always love coming here! its where my girlfriend and  I had our first date and we always enjoy going back. our favorite is the spiked lemonade, chips and dips, and margherita pizza. delish sourdough crust, always cooked to perfection. very nice ambiance, very clean. nice bathroom, too.
5	This has got to be the best pizza I have ever had! The chips and dip are also so delicious!  Customer service in this place is great!!! Sharon took great care of us today...thank you!
5	Pleasantly surprised!!!A friend had a get together here. We sat down and were greeted by the server who was very friendly and attentive. She took our drink order and we had the white sangria which was light fresh and sweet.I ordered the roasted corn pizza which was mozzarella, goat cheese, roasted corn, and basil and it was fantastic!
5	Came in for lunch today after an exhaustive morning searching estate sales for vintage furniture. The girl and i split the tuna salad sandwich. I have no complaints on the sandwich. I like the big chunks of tuna, cucumbers, and fruit.  my girlfriend prefers untoasted bread, but other than that, she loved it, too. We ordered mimosas, but ended up with a pitcher of sangria instead. We werent in the mood for sangria, & the manager refunded it right away. She also offered us mimosas, but we declined since we were already done with our meal. Overall great experience, as always.
4	Fun place. The avocado pizza missed a little for me, difficult to eat but had great flavors. Wings are juicy and nice bbq flavor. Good espresso. Fun, casual, dining experience. I like these grocery store style spots. Grab what you want to drink, beer, wine, soda, take up to the counter, place your order, pay and then open seating.
5	Came here straight from the airport (visiting from New York). Such a cute spot! The wings was great. The Rossetti chicken next door at the grocery was great. Staff are all very nice and helpful.
5	I wish I could just uproot you and make you an addition to my apartment. LGO is fabulous in every way. Concert posters on the wall (but how did we get from the Rolling Stones to TSwift, guys?!), good music and a very relaxed feel.   Our waitress Brittany was So great. She got me excited over absolutely every bit of the menu, my date was lucky I didn't order one of everything. We got a bottle of wine, the gluten free chips and dip (with pimento, guacamole and salsa) and since my dinner partner is now gluten and dairy free, he refused to split a pizza. I was told the sourdough crust is a must, so I got the margherita pizza with artichokes added while he got the Rocket Man with their gluten free crust and goat cheese (because that's still allowed!)          At the end, I couldn't find any more room to eat--I didn't even make it through three pieces of my amazing pizza, but when she started her passionate schpeel on dessert-- I couldn't say no. So he tried the strawberry sorbet and I got the salted caramel gelato. She even brought us a scoop of raspberry sorbet to try on the house. I'm obsessed. Please just make me all of my meals.
5	First time at this place . Had the Reuben sandwich. Normally I don't like cole slaw and forgot to ask for it without, but that was by far the best tasting Reuben sandwich I have had In a long time. The flavor of the slaw really pulled it together . Great atmosphere and good crowd if people . The service was excellent. I'll definitely be coming here again.
4	Great food and service. A little crowded on the seating. Once I was seated I got crowded in on by other chairs making it very hard to get out.
4	It is somewhat confusing maneuvering your way to ordering, sitting down, and waiting for your food. However, everything tastes fresh and the trendy look of the place brings all sorts of people.We have come here twice, once just for dessert, and the other, for lunch and dessert. Everything seems like it is made from scratch. For example, the cheeseburger was delicious with its homemade English muffin. The bakery has an assortment of goodies, but I haven't found that one item I would look forward to. I'll keep looking.The parking is horrendous but the meal and ambiance is great! Whenever we are around this area, we will definitely have to check you out again!
3	I tried the pizza here, and was kind of disappointed.  It wasn't bad, but based on the reviews and crowds, I expected much better.  Don't believe the hype.
2	The staff at the store and bakery is simply delightful, and the place/food are great. I had a light breakfast there one morning, so I was excited about having dinner at the Pizzeria three nights later. Here's how the hostess, after rolling her eyes and sighing, greeted me: "You know, you COULD sit at the bar. Then I won't have to seat you." Um...no. I left, and won't be back there. But I WILL continue to patronize the store.
5	Amazing pizza, great atmosphere, and good drinks. I've had the gladiator, roasted corn, and margherita pizzas.. All of which were delicious. The margherita stood out the most to me. The crust is nice and crisp, and the ingredients are fresh. If you don't feel like sitting down at the restaurant then get it to go, it's just as good!
4	Come for happy hour, you won't regret it!  The white sangria is so delicious :)  Service is friendly and helpful; they were more than happy to clean up the mess after I, being the klutz that I am, knocked over my water.My bf and I shared the avocado prosciutto pizza which was amazing!  I love thin crust pizzas like that.  The rest of the menu looked really good too, like the roasted corn pizza and the mushroom pizza.  Will have to come back to try those ones!We also had the shrimp ceviche, which was more like salsa.  Not anything like a ceviche you would get in South America, but still good!
5	This place has become "that spot" for my partner and I. They have hosted many of our first dates as well as other special occasions over the years. It is definitely one of my favorite restaurants in Phoenix. Drink the white sangria. Eat the margarita Pizza. You will not be disappointed.
3	I don't get what all the fuss is about. First off, figuring out where to order and where to get food is very confusing.  On top of that,  drinks are ordered in a separate line entirely,  adding even more to the confusion. They charge the same prices as a sit down place,  yet no one serves you.  And lastly, the food was just OK. I got the avocado pizza and it was just OK, nothing special.  The pizza was super greasy and I couldn't figure out what cheese they use,  but it wasn't mozzarella.  The dough tasted like it was sourdough,  which I'm not a fan of. I wouldn't come here again unless I have no other choice.
3	We just moved to the area and decided to try out this place due to recommendations from a local friend. The bakery offers a lot of goodies and yummy sweets and really good gifts. However when we went to have dinner at the pizzeria we sat outside because we brought our dog and it's "self serve" outside. The biggest problem is that the employees give you know idea what is going on. You're supposed to order from the grocery, not the pizzeria and your drinks are in the pizzeria, not the grocery and not well marked. They also call your name when your food is ready and when I asked if we would be able to hear it outside they said "yes of course" but after finally checking on our chips and dip 15 mins later it was just sitting on the table inside... With a ticket. Was I supposed to grab it? Were they waiting on the pizza? Did they call my name? No clue... It was very disorganized and frustrating. It was crowded and the pizza was "ok" but I was also sitting outside facing the man making the pizza and he kept taking off his sweaty had with his bare hands and wiping his bald head off with a napkin and then going back making pizza. It didn't appear he had direct context by actually touching the pizza but he's still cutting them and removing them from the oven. I understands all restaurants are under par in that area but if you're in the public and want to wipe your sweaty head off ... Wear gloves or wash your hands after. It's gross.
1	Three servers walked by us waiting at the front door and completely ignored us just now. We never were asked to be seated. There is no sign to seat yourself,  and no obvious host podium. Stood there feeling dumb as everyone ignored us. Lame.  Shame on them.
5	Even though I absolutely love food, I'm a very picky eater. I can easily say that this is my favorite restaurant in AZ. I ate at LGO at least 25-30 times and I was never disappointed, not even once. Their coffee is great (Havana latte), their wings ate awesome, their Green Chilly burger is out of this world!!! It won the best burger in AZ award few years ago. Their pizzas are amazing......I usually get "the gladiator" with avocado, prosciutto and spinach added!!!!! Man I'm telling you, it's insanely delicious. Their gelato and other deserts are awesome too. Large drink variety and it is reasonably priced. This place is awesome. 5 stars for sure.
4	Place is really good...just wish they had fountain sodas!!!
5	My stepdad had one request when he and my mom came to visit me from Minnesota- he needed good pizza. Done.My boyfriend and I told them we were walking to this great place down the road. (I live 8 blocks away) I could tell he was getting antsy by the 5th block but when we got there we put our name on the list and shopped in there grocery side! My parents loved it! They bought hand cream, candles, and I bought a cute card...Next came the dinner part:First of all my boyfriend and I can share a pizza together and be content, so my stepdad says, "well, we'll need at least 3 then between the four of us!" Holy chubby's! ;)We got the Gladiator, the men shared the mushroom and pepperoni, and the ladies shared the avocado.I don't think even a crumb was left by the time we were done! Mom and I did decide that next time we'll get the avocado but we want spinach instead of the basil!Oh and be careful of the lemonade- delicious but sour! It's fresh they make it there! I recommend any item on the menu- we have never had a poor experience with the food or staff! Thanks LGO!Oh, and my stepdad says he's still having dreams over how great the sour dough pizzas were!
5	So, my only question for La Grande Orange Pizzeria is...can I please live here?  Seriously, this place is GREAT!  There really is no formal division between the pizzeria and grocery parts of the store, so I'm going to talk about both.  Grocery-wise, the place carries a broad mix of classic candies, wines, cookbooks, tchotchkes that rotate seasonally (I've picked up some great holiday items here in years past), and grocery staples; they also have a cafe that serves up oatmeal, eggs (friends rave about the Commuter Sandwich), salads, sandwiches, and sushi rolls.  Word to the wise - bring some extra napkins because their bakery will make you drool!  Order up front at the counter, pick a seat, and then keep your ears perked for when they call your name.  Friendly staff, cool ambience - I always find myself Shazam-ing the music here!  ;)         As far as the pizza is concerned, the crust is insane!  It almost reminds me of really good sourdough bread, toasted and crispy, not too thin and not too thick.  All the ingredients are fresh and the pizza permutations creative.  They serve up your pie on a slab of wood - nice presentation!  Sadly, I am a creature of habit - once I find something that's to my liking, I latch on and order it every time I return for the rest of my life :/ At this particular establishment, these personal faves would be the Rocket Man Pizza (spicy red fresno chilies, broccolini, roasted red peppers, roasted garlic, and sun-dried tomatoes) and the Classic Chocolate Pudding - wow, just wow!  I make my poor husband drive all the way across town to come here - he always grumbles but in the end, admits that the place IS pretty delicious.  The only negative - and it definitely a BIG negative - is the parking situation.  La Grande Orange has the tinsiest micro parking lot known to man.  On a good day if the parking lot gods are smiling down on you, you just might find an open 20 minute parking spot (I haven't been impressed that they actually enforce the time restrictions).  But, if you go on their website under the 'Secret Parking' link (shhhh!), you will find a diagram depicting other parking options that are slightly farther away.So yeah, come check out La Grande Orange for some great pizza, brunch, baked goods, groceries...the list goes on.  One of my favorite places in Phoenix!
5	Not only did the marketing department of this restart  reach out to me regarding my review- I received and ecomp for my next time In. I am looking fwd to it! That's great customer service.
5	I absolutely love this place.  There isn't a single menu item I have ever had that was bad, the people working there are friendly, and though the parking is scarce, there's valet if it gets really bad.  Do yourself a favor and just go if you've never been, you won't be disappointed.
5	One of my favorite places. Though it is always busy, I never have to wait long to order; the staff keep the line moving pretty quickly. My favorite thing to get is their ahi tuna sandwich, though I have tried many different things including their breakfast sandwich, huevos rancheros, multiple salads, pizza, and their sushi. I always get some of their iced tea with my meal. While I'm waiting for my food to come up, I love looking at all the random things they have in their shop! Also, their sea salt chocolate chips are SO GOOD! Definitely a place I recommend to try if you haven't been there before. It is usually really busy and can sometimes be hard to find a place to sit, but it's definitely worth it! Great atmosphere.
2	My husband, toddler, and I went here for dinner and it was not an enjoyable experience. It seems very disorganized. We get there, used the valet, and go in the first entrance we see. It had a big "Come In" sign. When you open the door you walk through the kitchen, kinda awkward, but whatevs. We look at the menu.. I decide to order a salad and my husband picks a sandwich, Great! Go to order and find out that sandwiches are only served untill 5. Ok, no big deal, but why doesn't the menu say that? OK, he will have a salad too , except he wants to modify it a bit. Hmm the salads are pre-made so that's not happening. I order my salad and he will look over the menu while we sit down. We head over the the main seating area, only to be told we can not sit there because we ordered our food on the grocery side. It would have been great for somebody to tell us that! So we head to the grocery side to find seating. Well, the seating on the grocery side is minimal and it was not kid friendly. We decided to go ask for a refund for my untouched salad so that we could have dinner where we could sit comfortably. They redeemed themselves when we were told of picnic benches available to sit and offered to bring us a high chair. It kinda of bothered me that we were only offered a highchair AFTER asking for a refund. It's standard practice to offer a high chair for people with children. I orderd the Sanoma Garden Salad. It was ok, but nothing amazing and the portion was rather small.  My husband decided to get food elsewhere
3	Fortunately,  a manager contacted me and offered an email comp to return for another try. We've not made it back yet, but I'm looking forward to it. I'm upping my rating to a three simply because I was surprised by the generous gesture.  I am hopeful that once we return, I can give an honest, positive review on the food and service!
5	What is life without pizza? The pizza crust is crispy and doughy,  cheese is real,  and the sauce is sweet and season. The quality is undeniable. The pistachio Gelato rivals the ones internationally.  It's a local hangout that worth going. They have Italian market that is attached which offers the full menu to go.
5	Best Pizza in town.Try their cheese pizza with mushrooms, onions, goat cheese and prosciutto!Your Welcome!
2	I hate to write a bad review for this place after years of going. I love using Yelp to compliment a business but feel that this review is for the business to know what is unacceptable. I met my cousins for lunch and I was first to get there. The hostess Jessica told me she would have to wait to seat me till my group arrived.  I don't mind that policy. I ended up going to the bar while waiting and realized my cousin including her 7 year old daughter sat themselves in a booth. My little cousin is seven so she didn't have the intention to annoy the hostess by picking a table. After a minute the hostess came up and said word for word, "You cannot ever sit yourself. Never ever do that." Then whipped her hair and stormed away like a teenager having a tantrum. I love the food, the service is always great but unfortunately I will not want to go back after my family and I were told off by a kid.  Love you LGO.. I hope your staff is expected to have better manners in the future.
5	Updated Review -After my review I was contacted by the hospitality group at LGO. The heard what I had to say and acknowledged the important of reviews and making sure their customers are happy. I am taking them from 2 stars to 5 for multiple reasons.1.They contacted me within 45 mins.2.They treated my review as important as it was their first. 3.They described what course of action was going to be taken.4.They asked if I would please come back in and not let 1 bad experience ruin a long relationship.They did everything they could do to correct a an issue and shouldn't be penalized. Thank you LGO for taking care of business.First Review (Below)I have been here multiple times before but this time really bothered me. The music was loud which wasn't a huge deal but the fact that the pizza guy kept throwing the empty pizza trays on to the floor in an extremely loud, startling manner made dinner unbearable.  Every minute you would hear a crashing of empty tray on empty tray.  Very disappointed.  I used to eat here almost daily. I will come back again and hope it's a one off but it was by far one of the worst experiences I have had at a restaurant.
3	Updated Review: After dealing with a horribly rude hostess at LGO I was contacted by the management who handled the situation very professionally and made sure I would come back. I am quite curious if she is still working there. The food and service are typically great so hoping they just start hiring more professional hosts. After writing a negative review here originally, just know you might get privately messaged by an angry staff member. After the situation I have gone in to LGO and this time avoiding their host staff by sitting at a high top on the bar area. The servers were really nice and the food was tasty.
5	Great gluten free pizza.  The price was just right, the appetizer was great too.  Customer service was great too.
5	We just visited Phoenix for a long weekend and this was on our short list of restaurants to hit up. We lived in Phoenix for almost seven years and have always loved LGO's food (Postino and Chelsea's Kitchen too!) This time did not disappoint. We were there on the 4th of July and a few of us enjoyed the 4 cent sangria. Our table shared pizzas which were perfect and everyone left happy.We ate breakfast there the next day and everything from the drinks (coffee and freshly squeezed OJ) to the food (pancakes and eggs) were awesome. The staff is friendly, the ambiance lovely. A total win.
5	I love this place. I love their pizza and market right next door. We ordered rocket man, margarita, and gladiator. All pizzas are really good. Very good place for a nice dinner with family or a date.
5	The service and food here is awesome! Parking is hard during peak hours of the day but the restaurant is worth it. Great for coffee, breakfast, lunch although I've never eaten dinner here I have heard it's just as good. Definitely a "must" go-to place in Arcadia!
3	Amazing pizza, when you can get it. I've been here a few times over the years and the food is reliably amazing, however, service is hit or miss. Either quite good or nearly non-existent, depending on when you go. Went this morning, and sat for 20 minutes and even made eye contact with a server, but they ignored me, and kept walking by my table like I didn't exist. I finally got the attention of one of them and was told "Oh, uh...sorry dude, you gotta go to the counter and order. We don't have full service until 5. Sorry man."I used to really love this place, but the last couple of times I've gone, I just ended up walking out because even when they are full service, it's still quite slow. Sadly, this place is too popular for its own good. That said, the pizza and the gelato are really good, and if you have a lot more patience than me, it's worth a shot.
5	The best pizza I've ever had. We got the Gladiator, which had a nice sausage and fantastic cheese. I've never had a pizza with cheese that was so chewy and delicious. I could really tell that the ingredients were all gourmet quality. I would recommend this to anybody looking for a great pizza. The place has a hipster farmers market feel.
5	LGO has a fantastic wine bar with a relaxed atmosphere. Happy hour prices on wine are unbeatable, and the staff are very attentive. I plan on coming back every week too enjoy the wines service.
5	My husband and I were. In town for our wedding anniversary and felt like getting some pizza. After reading the reviews on Yelp we decided to try LGO... OMG we made the right decision! We had the sweetest most attentive server (Hay). Their homemade lemonade was phenomenal! It was sweet followed by a shot of sour. We decided to share the "Gladiator" (we added prosciutto, spicy Fresno peppers and garlic) our jaws dropped when our food arrived. It was seriously the best pizza we've ever had in our entire lives! The flavors were incredible and you could tell how fresh all of the ingredients were. We were so tempted to order a second pizza after we finished the first. This restaurant makes us both beyond sad that we don't live in town and we began thinking up excuses to visit so we can have another visit to this one of a kind restaurant.
5	Classy place great food!Love the pizza better than other things although the other food is great as well.The pimento cheese and salsa and chips is delicious Music can be a little loud, but other than that the ambiance is good.The only downer is trying to get parkingThey are getting better
4	Fast easy convenient and full of life!  The pizza is light and full of flavor.  I love the Kale and Quinoa salad.
4	It took me seven years to finally get to this place after gaving heard good things over the years..and i wasnt disappointed. We went on a saturday night and as expected the place was crowded and lively. It has a casual but classy vibe. We had a 25 minutes wait which flew by quickly by checking out the grocery store connected to the restaurant. The cool knick knacks and gelato tasting took care of time. We ordered the Margharita, Fallen Angel and Rocket Man. The crust and the toppings are both fresh. We also ordered the soda, shrimp ceviche and french fries ...all delights on a warm summer evening. And finally gelatos to wrap up a fun evening. My friend also took a chocolate cupcake to go and sent a text raving about it after....Parking situation is tricky but luck gods shined for us last evening. I will certainly recommend this place to bring friends or guests to so they can see a different side of Phoenix....
1	I used to really enjoy this place, I even purchased a Growler of beer last year, at which time they gave me a punch card and "next refill only $3" (maybe it was $2 or $4)coupon which didn't expire for over a year. I was like "Shit yes! that's an awesome deal!" So earlier this summer(I know I'm a little late on the review) I took my growler in to get filled so I would have some delicious beer to drink while watching the NFL draft. The bartender that helped me was very nice, she let me sample the draft beers and gave me water to rinse between samples, she even found me a new twist cap for my growler since I didn't have one. This was a big deal since they now have new growlers that do not have the same twist caps as my older growler. At this point I was thinking "I knew I loved this place, they are awesome."This is where it went south. I decided on the beer I wanted and presented my punch card and my coupon. When the bartender returned with my bill I was very surprised to see that she charged me full price for the growler and not for what the coupon had said. She also returned a new punch card that still only had the single punch as the one I had given her, no second punch for the growler I was purchasing. I asked her about the coupon and she replied "It was old, we don't have those anymore" The expiration date was clearly written on the coupon in sharpie marker and it was well before that expiration date. I explained this to the bartender and asked her if they really do not accept their own valid coupons that are not yet expired to which she replied "nope". I was and am still appalled that a place of business would not honor their own coupons!! I was at a loss of words and didn't know how else I could try to help the bartender see how ridiculous this was. She was very rude and short with me  and showed no concern for trying to understand the situation. At which point I left and thought "What the shit just happened? A business that doesn't accept their own coupons......" They had the perfect opportunity to provide exemplary customer service and make everything right, I wish they would have at least tried.
5	I love LGO for breakfast, lunch and dinner! The commuter breakfast sandwich is delicious and is usually served with a few fresh slices of fruit for breakfast. The smoked salmon salad is perfect to grab on your way out for a quick to-go lunch full of protein-rich sustenance and a perfect dressing. And for dinner? Oh man, the pizza. I love the avocado pizza, and adding the prosciutto is an absolute must. The creamy avocado with the salty prosciutto and little hint of lemon with the cheese and crispy crust is just to die for. I love it. The appetizers are perfect too - especially the dip trio (the cheese dip!) and the wings. Skip over to the bar for a happy hour cocktail, grab a gift for a friend in the shop, make a cheese plate and grab some wine in the grocery, grab some dessert to enjoy at home (don't skip the gelato - or the pudding, or the red velvet cake...) - this place is wonderful. Always.
5	One of my favorite places in the Valley. This place is very trendy, has a marketplace feel, but also authentic. We went on a Sunday morning around 11 and it was craaazy busy as we expected. It took about 30 minutes to go through the line and then find a table for 2. I love that you can buy bottles of alcohol here! I found one of my favorite drinks in the fridge, Framboise sparkling lambic beer. I always get The Commuter w/ Avocado. Their rustic breads are great, the English muffins are buttery and delicious. They sell Tammy Coe baked goods and if you know anything about her, you know that her baking is the bomb. I have never had a more flavorful and moist blueberry muffin in my life. I love the curbside service for to-go orders. The iced honey latte is yummy.
4	I have to say, Phoenix has too many pizza places, but LGO- is one of the best! They have the best types of pizza that you can't find anywhere else and they are perfect for sharing- they also have pimento cheese dip that is to die for! Love it. They also have a great gift shop side that has lots of cute gifts and little things Go here and enjoy with your friends!
1	Absolutely miserable experience. Not sure what we enjoyed more, the bar tender's complete disdain for our mere presence or her total disregard for our dining experience and business. Great pizza and drinks but shameful service.
5	Typically dine in bar area which has been great every visit. Excellent food with friendly staff. If first time visiting...go Mon.-Fri. to avoid crowd and to get normal bartenders/servers. Brunette with long hair is typically working bar through week days. Very friendly and prompt service!
5	Went back the other day, Got 2 pizzas. Still fantastic. This place seems a bit more touristy then it use to, back when I use to go it was more of a local hangout. Seems it is mainstream now, Postino's next door and the new business in the area are definitely attracting more people. Still a great spot to go for great food and atmosphere.
5	If you're looking for a new pizzeria that offers pizza toppings that will leave you feeling a bit healthy without compromising on taste, then this is the place to be!
4	Have been coming here for sometime now, the food is great, especially the chip and dip trio! I love coming here for a glass of wine and to a casual and relaxing ambiance after a long day of work. The service is great and in case one glass of wine isn't enough they sell by the bottle at their own grocery next door .
1	WTH?!?!?, Very disappointed, been coming here for years, they changed the pizza recipe and it's really bad!  Was this a fluke, or did LGO just get too big and forget what was important?
4	Take-out review only.Ordered a personal size margherita pizza. It was pretty good. Thin, crispy crust and great flavor.I loved the place itself! It was fun to look around at all the old games and candy and other little trinkets.
2	Another ridiculous Friday nite wait at LGO for Curbside. Couldn't even park. And, the order was incomplete. They gave me a $50 gift card. But that only means I have to go back to use it. Is it worth it?
3	Pizza was good, I don't know about great (dry). The customer service was superb. Wait staff were enthusiastic about getting me what I was looking for.Also got half a chicken while I was there to eat later.....chicken was really good!
5	I can never decide what to order when I come here because everything looks so appealing. I can never pass up on the desserts and coffees. I love how you can either sit down for a nice lunch/dinner or take something to go!
3	Was surprised at how greasy the crust was, but it may have been due to the pie ordered (Gladiator). Love the casual ambience and decor, would be willing to try another pie in hopes I would taste more of the crust and not mostly grease.
5	Good gelato, good coffee, great for reading and relaxing! ! Although we didn't eat a meal, the food smelled great!
5	I love LGO!!  I live down the street and I go there 3-4 times per week for coffee, breakfast, lunch, dinner or baked goods.  For dinner, I love the Roasted Corn Pizza and the Dip Trio (the Pimento Dip is addicting).  The atmosphere is great although not the best spot for a large group.  The retail side is an excellent spot to pick-up gifts: they have really cute and unique items.  I highly recommend La Grande!!
4	Not a pizza person.  NOT-A-PIZZA-PERSON.  But our dining couple friends had heard good things about LGO and wanted to try it and I figured, okay, there will be something other than pizza...  Well, there really wasn't anything else that tickled my fancy, so I ended up ordering a pie.  All I can say is: wow!Well, actually, first of all, we started off with salads.  One couple split a Caesar and the other a Caprese.  Fresh, delicious, yum!  THEN came the pies.  One set of us ordered a Margherita, the other a Margherita and a Gladiator, and the third couple a Gladiator and a Mother Earth.  Can I just say all pies were devoured?  I got the Mother Earth, which was loaded with green & black olives, artichokes, roasted peppers, broccolini, mushrooms, tomatoes, fennel, and onion.  The crust was very crispy and very thin---practically non-existent, just as I requested. Uctuous cheese was high quality.  Veggies just right.  But seriously, I traded off a slice for one of the Margherita, and that's what I would order next time.  Just cheese, tomatoes and fresh basil.  Pure, simple goodness.  I had a bite of DH's Gladiator---it was okay---I think I am maybe not a meat-lover-pizza person.I was DD, so I had ice tea.  It wa a bit odd tasting.  On reflection, maybe it has a hint of orange-y flavor (La Grande ORANGE, after all)?  It was okay after I got used to the taste.  But I would like to have been warned.  First taste, I was like: Eeeew...Phoenix city water flavor?  Then I realized it was kind of a fruit-taste.  Except for never offering me a re-fill on my ice tea, our server, Madison was very good---attentive, personable, informative, and she's the one who made sure I got my practically crustless pizza!  Cute hair-cut too!All our food came out fast and hot, except for the salads, which were cold and crisp!Anyhow, I can see why LGO has 4.5 stars.  Very good.  If I were to trek south for pizza again---and I think that may happen, because everyone was so happy with their meals---I would probably do it for LGO.
3	LGO contacted me shortly after writing my last review. They offered a sincere apology and gave me a certificate as compensation for my poor service during my last visit. They also informed me that LGO coupons should always be accepted even if they are expired.
4	Their pizza is top notch. The store they have attached to the restaurant is pretty neat as well. I would have given them 5 stars, but the server was a B to my fiance.  They don't have bread or anything while you wait. Luckily the good pizza made it worth it. I would go back.
2	I've gone here a few times now and have been a little lukewarm about it considering all the hype. Today though, they completely let me down. Ordered a pair of what are essentially $9 Egg McMuffins, and after waiting 10 minutes, they came out tepid to cold. The English muffin wasn't toasted, the eggs were cool, cheese was downright cold, and the bacon was barely warm. I returned my pair of sandwiches, specifically stating that they were cold and I would like them heated. They brought out two freshly prepared sandwiches, no questions asked (hence the 2 stars for good customer service) but they were just as bad as the first time. McDonald's manages a warm sandwich at a third of the cost, so I don't think it's much too expect. Anyways, won't be coming back.
4	Do you love pizza? Well if you do,then LGO is the perfect place to go. LGO has many toppings and flavors. Such as margarita, Mother earth (veggie) and spicy sausage. Really excellent. The pizzeria has fast service. It also serves homemade gelato. LGO is the perfect place to go to dinner and be with friends.
5	One of my favorite places because of the variety of options.  Sit at the communal table in the pizzeria and watch the pies being hand tossed and dressed right before your eyes.  Salads are fabulous too and the sangria is delicious and fresh.The grocery next door has amazing baked goods, salads and cheeses to go.  A great place to put a picnic together, or eat at the patio tables in front.Wonderful wine selection and unusual cards and gifts if you're in need of a hostess present or just enjoy shopping.Overall, a wonderful place to be from breakfast to dinner, centrally located between Scottsdale and Phoenix.
