5	This place serves up some of the best campechanas(mixed seafood cocktail) around. They also serve various other seafood and meat dishes. It is a little hole in the wall place that you wouldn't expect to find such good food. I eat here at least two times a week or more and can't wait to come back for more. The service is always great and sometimes the owner will come in and chat with customers to see how everything is,which shows he really cares about the customers.
5	This place is great.  I usually get the pulpo tostadas, but everything is sooo good it's hard to decide.  It is usually packed during the lunch-time hours, especially on the weekends, so if you're in a hurry it's  probably better to go on more off-hours.  But DO go - it's clean, fresh, and delicious.
2	I really want this place to be good.  I love seafood and it's only 2 or 3 blocks from where I live.  I've been twice now, and both times it's just been... meh.  It's not bad, but I have no intention of going back.  The plates seem expensive for a joint like this. The chips were too thick. The salsa wasn't that great. And most importantly my fillets haven't been very delicious.  Maybe their shellfish and meats are different, but the fish fillets just aren't worth it.The staff is friendly enough, and the service is quick enough, but I don't think I'll be swinging by here again.
5	I know it looks like a hole in the wall, but the food is out of this WORLD. I was introduced to this place by some co-workers who are very familiar with what good REAL Mexican food is. This is it, we have been going back religiously since... The mocajete (i think), is this bowl of seafood tomato sauce, spices and cheese that is made and served in a lava rock bowl, it is still boiling when it makes it to the table. Not only is it HOT but it is also SPIIIIIIIIICY! Delicious....
4	Good hole-in-the-wall place. Was recommended by some new friends I met in Arizona. They knew the owner and was highly-recommended. We went for dinner on a Monday night so it wasn't packed at all. Service was good, a tad slow, but we weren't in a rush.Food: was good. ordered a shrimp cerviche, fresh and tasty. 7 Mares, a flavorful and seafood meaty soup. To quench the thirst, I tried the Micheladas, a bloody mary type drink mixed with beer, a spicy treat. From the look of the local feel, this place seems like it'll be a great happy hour location to. Hope to find out one day when I visit AZ again.
5	Oh. My. Damn!  I effing love this place!  I've been a lot and have always had great food and good service.  The oysters are a must have app, with a little squeeze of lime and a dash of salt...my mouth is watering now!  The little woman and I both usually get one of their cocktails (shrimp, octopus, squid, snail) served with chips and some avocado. The shrimp ceviche is another favorite, nice and limey. The last few times, however, my gal ordered fish.  I believe it was cooked in garlic and butter and came with rice and beans and it was phenomenal!  Sometimes they have live mariachi music, which just adds to the greatness!
4	4 stars because even though I don't like seafood, the non seafood items I had here were delicious! I got the enchiladas, one of them with green sauce. The enchiladas were excellent, the salsa was great, and the server was friendly. I didn't like the ceviche tostada but that's my own issue--the person I was eating with loved it. If I liked seafood, I would eat here often.
3	Alright...Came here this weekend with my husband and 1 year old daughter.  We parked and I immediately noticed a jagged and shattered beer bottle in the parking lot in front of the door right by my new car tire.  (Nice touch...)The inside of the restaurant is clean, a little crowded, but fine otherwise.Our waitress was very sweet and helpful.  The menu was a dizzying selection of Mexican seafood that was almost overwhelming.  She brought us some chips and salsa, they were tasty, but the chips would have been even more delicious if they been served warm.  I liked the salsa, it was a brownish, low heat salsa that I've never had before.  It was pleasant.I ordered the shrimp chevice tostada and since he's allergic to shellfish (the poor bastard) the husband had the cheese enchiladas.  We also ordered a side of rice for the baby.  My tostadas were okay, but they were store bought tostadas (because deep frying a fresh corn tortilla for each new diner is too much work?) and the shrimp chevice was way too limey (the overwhelming flavor) and not nearly spicy enough.  I would have preferred a few thinly sliced jalapenos and maybe some more cilantro in the mixture.The red sauce on my husband's enchiladas looked watery and artificial and just like canned tomato sauce.  It didn't look very authentic, or good, BUT he swore it tasted okay.  (His tummy was also feeling a tad funny the rest of the day, but that could have been from almost anything else too.)The baby's rice was nice.  It was served with peas, carrots, green beans and corn and it tasted quite good.  Also, the waitress served the baby first and gave her a plastic spoon which was thoughtful.  I suspect the waitress is also a mommy and that's why she got the baby's food out first and knew to give her a plastic spoon... ;)Our bill for 2 iced teas, 2 shrimp chevice tostadas, cheese enchiladas and a side of rice was about $23.00.  Not too bad, I just wish the food was a tad more zippy and the tostada had been freshly made.
5	I went here because it was the closest restaurant to Discount Tire... What an awesome place, and I will go out of my way to go back! Friendly staff, clean restaurant, and outstanding food. Chips and salsa were great, and the food was delicious!Thanks!
5	Very good mexican food.  The kind I am used to.  Shrimp cocktail was really good.  I have never been to this part of town and it was a little sketchy but I'm still alive and I would go back.
5	Another outstanding Phoenix find!  This place isn't much to look at but the food is fantastic.  I had the Filete Relleno de Mariscos.  It was a fish filet (tilapia I think) stuffed with octopus, shrimp, squid, and snails smothered with a spicy tomato based sauce - fabulous!  I must have looked like a Minnesotan, because when I asked the waitress about it, she warned me that it was very spicy!  I assured her that I like spicy and it was a perfect amount of heat.  My wife had fish tacos and loved em!  They serve a salsa unlike any I've tasted.  It wasn't real tomatoey and was brown with just the right amount of spice.  I asked the waitress how it was made but her English wasn't too good and my Spanish is non-existent, so I'll never know.The extent of seafood at most Mexican restaurants is confined to shrimp dishes.  The menu here is saturated with different seafood options.  If you like seafood Mexican style you must try Mariscos Acapulco.
4	Very good Pacific Mexican food! I had the shrimp ceviche, and a fish taco. Both were very good. The shrimp ceviche was on a torte/flat taco, but was served with a large amount of the lime/lemon juice used in the ceviche. This was a little unsettling, and added just a little too much acid flavor to the dish. ***The fish taco was great! Well prepared, and served hot. They had great beans as well, and seemed to serve avocado with every meal. Really delicious stuff. *****
5	Authentic!   The shrimp rancheras is awesome,  salsa rocks & servers are fabulous.   Definitely coming back.
3	My coworker brought me here for lunch. I had the shrimp and fish ceviche on a tostada shell. It was ok i wasnt blown away like i thought. I may have to try a diffrent dish on the menu to see this place stacks up. This place isn't cheap as you can see on the menu.
5	Boy, talk about HEAT!! Get ready to pant like a dog! The salsa had a different shade of color to it than the traditional red salsa. This was a bit dark orange/ brick red color. And boy was it HOTTTTTTT. Kicked my butt!!!!! It was so good I couldn't stop eating it. Even though I had tears and a runny nose. I ordered the Molcajete Marinero. It came with rice and beans. It was sizzling hot and mouth burning spicy. Just the way I like it! I'm not fond of octopus because it has a lingering after taste in my mouth. Next time I will have them omit the octopus. The red chili sauce in the bowl was very good but have something cold to drink handy because it can make you cry! I really enjoyed my entree but I think $18.25 was way too expensive.  My friend ordered Mixto Camaron y Pulpo. The portion was large, as it should be for $12.80. He said the flavor was good. The only thing that was disappointing is that it only had 4 shrimp in the entire bowl. The restaurant staff was very nice, accommodating, and informative. There are some authentic mexican restaurants that give us the feeling we are not appreciated there. Not, Marscos Acapulco. Everyone from the waitress to the cook made us feel welcome. I would like to return and enjoy another meal here. YUM!
