5	I've gotten my hair cut many different places throughout my life and have had mixed results.  I did some asking around to find a good salon near my house and heard about William Henry in the middle of downtown Belmont.  I've been going there for almost half a year now because it is really easy to get to, ample parking, great personnel, and I just love the feel when you walk inside.  It is a converted building from (I'm guessing here), the early 1900's - huge ceilings, beautiful hardwood throughout, and old style lighting makes this place so inviting.  My stylist, Lindsey, is really awesome - talks the whole time, is young, does exactly what I want with my hair and charges 16 bucks for a cut, shampoo, and styling - honestly you can't beat that price unless you go to some cheap place in the mall!  If you live around the Belmont area and are looking for a salon, I would definitely recommend William Henry!  The upstairs is a spa too, I have yet to try that out...maybe next time :)
5	My fiancee surprised me with a facial here for my birthday and it was amazing.  Staff was very friendly and helpful.  Already made another appt for my next one with Brittany.
5	I live out of town but my parents live close to this location so it's convenient for my hair services when I'm visiting my parents.  I must admit, I was a bit nervous the first time because I have had some seriously bad experiences before.  The first time I went I picked the first available person who still had appointments available for my time frame-I was pleasantly surprised and happy with the result and price.   So this was week when visiting my parents for Xmas, I went back again and saw a different person since this was only availabilty and Becky did a fantastic job!!! My hair looks fabulous and my wallet is still alive :)  very happy with the result, have even convinced my mom who's been going to the same person in Charlotte for years-why drive when awesome people are right in front of your nose? :)
2	I signed up for a 30 min massage, I was not impressed. The upstairs has leaks in the ceiling.  Additionally, when you are in the massage area, you can hear everything that is going on downstairs--which is not even mildly relaxing. As far as massage....I've had better at a fraction of the price.
5	sadi is the best she dose amazing facials and waxing i will not go any where else!!!!!
