2	With so many VW dealers in the valley, I would have to recommend avoiding Chapman in Scottsdale. I used them since they are close to my home otherwise there is no compelling reason to use this dealership.Sales -- actually the sales guys were very cool and low pressure, I had a newer person. No bad at all. Quick and friendly.Service -- this is the key problem at this dealership, the service dept staff treat the customers poorly and are definitely rude. You know that attitude, you bought your new car, its fine, any problems are in your imagination! Which is never the case, new cars need some tuning and tweaking. Anyway, perhaps buy your car here and then service at another Scottsdale or Phoenix dealership!?So despite a good experience with sales, the service dept brings everything down. And since you will deal more with the service dept than sales, I would shop for your new VW elsewhere.
4	I did a lot of research on the vehicle I wanted, shopped multiple dealers in the valley, and ended up working with Erich Fletcher at Chapman VW and am GLAD!  No schmooze, no BS carsalesman-ese, no pressure.
4	With 4 years of service performed on two VW's we have always been treated well and taken care of. Warranty issues were always dealt with promptly. Kudos to Neil Brownlee from service for always being prompt in his follow-ups and making sure things get done right.
1	I would avoid this dealership at all costs. They tried to get me to claim something on my own insurance even though they delivered a car to me with cracks in the windshield. Now, I have called and complained to the Better Business Bureau and am still waiting to get my windshield replaced. Beware! There are other much better VW dealers around town.
4	Bought a new car on 4/30/11 from Chapman VW. We had been looking for a while and had visited some dealers out in the east valley but decided to look at the dealers a little closer to work. The whole process was pretty easy compared to the other dealers I've bought cars from. We walked in and asked to test drive a jetta tdi. We went out with the salesman and he answered the questions while we drove (without any sales tactics). When we got back to the dealership, we weren't ready to buy and when we told them that they gave us a number on what they could sell the car. We thanked them and left.We went and test drive a few others and ended up back at the VW lot. The price they had quoted us for was not for the car we test drove but for a lower model. Its an obvious tactic to get us to come back to the dealership but I would sooner be upfront about the cost and not have the "ohhh you wanted a price on THAT car, not this one over here that you've never seen). This is the reason I didn't give 5 stars. The salesman was great, the finance guy was great, the dude we dealt with on price negotiation was better than most but not as good as the other 2 guys.I'll be updating this one with the service intervals so lets see if the service department can keep up their end of the bargain.
1	Took my car in for the 20k service and to check my AC dealt with "Justin" got my car back the same day and then noticed they had cracked the plastic piece in the center dash. Took it back and they denied the whole thing saying their techs were well trained professionals and would never do that. Never taking my car to these crooks again!
5	Eddie, in the service department, is amazing and has always gone the extra mile for me.  I definitely recommend visiting him with any service problems.
2	I purchased my car earlier this year through this dealership and wasnt too impressed by them.  The entire time the sales guy kept telling me how important the survey I would receive was and how it effects them.  I understand the mentioning of this survey to me but I didnt need to be told about it 5 times, be walked through what to give the sales guy, and have it brought up by every single person I dealt with.  I even received a call a couple of days later to see if I received the survey....which I NEVER did.  Have my first service coming up....we'll see how this goes...*Update*- got my car back after my first service only to realize there was a big grease hand print on the cloth A pillar.  To their credit I did get an offer for a free car wash after I gave them a bad review on the followup email. But, come on!  I dont bring in $25000 and expect you to shit all over it.
1	An update on my service at Chapman Volkswagen. The service has continued to get worse and worse. I scheduled my appointment for my 20K service and with the help of the new iphone app that went smooth. Quoted the 2 hour time frame as i was expecting and waited in the waiting room. Still need some updating the magazines are old and the remote to change the tv was no where to be found. While we were approaching the 2 hour time from my service advisor came and let me know that there was a nail in my tire and it was to close to the tire wall to repair and i would need to replace the tire. He let me know that the tire would need to be ordered and would be here the next day. Which i said would be fine and would come back and get everything replaced. He came back when the service was done and as we were walking to the car area i asked him would my car be safe to drive on. I had meetings in North Phoenix that i needed to go to. His exact words to me were you car is not safe to drive but it wont explode or anything. I was speechless, how on earth do you tell someone that you car is unsafe to drive on and not offer any solutions. I got my keys from him and walked into the main sales floor. I asked to speak with someone so i could be situation resolved. I explained my situation to the some gentlemen sitting in an accounting office. His response was lets walk over to the enterprise desk and get you a quote on a car i can rent for myself till tomorrow. I responded with doesn't Chapman Volkswagen provide a courtesy car for it customers. And his response was yes but you have to rent the car on your own terms. You might need to explain to this gentlemen what a courtesy car means. He then started telling me that it was my fault and problem that i had a nail in my tire. That is extremely rude to tell someone and told him that i am not going to pay for a rental car when Chapman does not have the tire that they need for my car in stock. Finally after being at the dealership for almost 2.5 hours i was given a car to drive for the night. I dont understand how you can tell your customers that you offer courtesy cars but do not actually provide them. But you will allow someone to drive off your dealer grounds with a car that told to be unsafe. Everyone in my family has purchased cars from the Chapman family and after explaining this to my family we have all decided that we will no longer be purchasing cars with the Chapman family dealers. And i will be moving all my service to a dealership that actually cares for their customers and wants to see them come back year after year.   Just had my 10K service done on my 2012 Passat. When i arrived i was told it was going to be anywhere between an hour and hour half. That is completely fine since i did know there was atleast one recall that needed to be checked. I went to the "Volkswagen" waiting lounge and began to wait for my car. As 2 hours approached i began to get a little impatient because i have things to get done rather than sitting in the cold and dated waiting room. When i first arrived at the dealership i was asked if i was going to stick around and wait or come back. I joked with the service guy and said i couldnt go anywhere with out my car. He response was we have a shuttle that can take you. I really dont think your "shuttle" driver would want to run me all over while i run the errands i had. I was shocked that the service guy never came to see if i wanted use of the courtesy car that i received a letter about in mail in January stating the dealership now had them available. After over 2 hours of waiting around they let me know they were done and came to give me my keys and let me know that the car had been washed and everything. I didnt care if the car was washed or not but do not lie and tell me it was washed when i know for a fact it was not because there was still dirty all over it. The sales side of the Chapman dealership was wonderful i think that there needs to be some work done on service department side.
5	THIS IS ABOUT SERVICE, not sales.UPDATE: I picked up my car today and they do an excellent job. Yes, waiting for the service guy at the start is a little annoying but they do such a good job, they deserve 5 stars.-----------------------------------I have been to this service department several times with two of my VW's. Generally, the service is quite good. The service reps are friendly and attentive (when you get their attention - see below). I plan to keep returning to them to service my VW.My only complaint and the reason I give it four stars is because of the way you make first contact with a service person. You drive up and there are a series of "booths" next to the drive up alley. Almost every time, I have to stand around waiting for someone to come out and start the service process. You pull up, get out of your car and basically stand around  for 5-15 minutes. I understand if the service guys are working with another person but they are often on the phone inside their booth and don't acknowledge you for quite some time. There have been times when one of the guys is in the booth and not on the phone so you end up sliding the door open and doing the "Excuse me" to get attention. Just a little awkward and slow. Be ready to deal with waiting to get some attention.However, once you have their attention, everything tends to go quite well. I have even had a service guy point out something that was wrong that I didn't even notice, then fixed it under warranty.As for the people that complain about wait time when you actually choose to wait... I always assume that I might wait beyond the estimated wait time. It seems to be the nature of the business when you go to a dealership for service (as opposed to a "Jiffy Lube" for example). If they say 2 hours, I am usually prepared for 2 1/2 and happily surprised if it's less. Bring something to do though because their waiting room isn't particularly entertaining itself. If I remember correctly, they have free WiFi (don't hold me to that, not sure).I'll keep going back. I just expect the awkward start to my service experience. No big deal.
1	My last three apointments at this dealer were an horrible experience.I dropped of my car on all three appointments on a wednesday or thursday morning and I was promised that I would have it returned within the same day or latest the following day. Since I am depending on my Vehicle to commute this was very important to me and I made it each time very clear to the service person.At the first service I had received a call on wednesday/thursday and then on friday again to be told that it takes longer than expected and I could pick it up the following day but they would give me a call as soon it was done. Saturday around 12pm I called in to see what the status was. I havent heard from anyone since the day before and I was told on the phone that they are alreay closed for the day and I could come by to pick up my car Monday morning. Since I was supposed to drive to rocky point that same day this option wasnt working for me so I had to drive to the dealership and had to make a scene for an hour to get my car back just to find out they havent done anything to it in three days :-/The other two times happend within several momths I had again the same experience as the first time. Why they keep on promising the return of  the car if they cant deliver this promise is beyond me?!!Anyways what made me write this post was another disapointment I had last week at my third appointmnet. I turned it in wednesday for an alligment and replacement of some parts around my tires. Again I was promised to pick it up the same day by five and again I had to wait until the following day 5 o'clock. Somehow I wasnt supprised anymore since I kind of expected this kind of treatment. What took the cherry of the cake was this. The next day I noticed that my 12Volt plugs at my car aint working anymore.I figured that it just blew out a fuse and drove back to the dealership to check it quick out for me.They took my car in and made us wait for about 30min.When they returned my car they said that there were some blown out fuses but they exchanged it and it still doesn't work. Since it was already 5:30pm on a friday night they suggest we should make an appointment to drop of my car to check the whole electric on it since it seemed to pick very strange........ok here we go againOn the weekend i deceided to check out the fuse box my self before I return back to the dealer ship. And I was shocked to see that all the magic it took to make my plugs work again was to plug in two 15amp fuses that somehow werer missing in the spot !!Really???For me this was the last time I will ever visit this dealer ship and I recommend anyone to do same.
1	I can't agree more with what most people are saying. This VW dealer is trying to fraud you every chance they can. Adding etch and other random things to your sales price then saying its the law. I will never buy a car from Any Chapman dealer.
1	Once again another update to my service and experience at Chapman Volkswagen.  I have know come to expect the worst from this dealership but want to show my loyalty to a company so i have continued to have my car serviced there.  Well after this last experience that the time of doing anything at Chapman has come to an end.  Once again my check tire light come on so before driving all the way to this dealership i had my tire checked to ensure it was just the air in the tires.  Come to find out i had a screw in my tire at the point that it couldnt be repaired.  Already knowing this i took my car to the dealership to have to tire replaced.  With my past experience of the service department not wanting to help anyone i called ahead to make sure that i was going to be able to get the car in to get a new tire today.  The gentleman who answered the phone had the worst attitude have heard of all time.  He explained that wouldnt be a problem and i drove my car over.  When i pull up in the service department there was one guy just standing there talking so i waited.  All of sudden this younger gentleman wearing a black pants and black hoodie needles to say i had no clue he even worked there walked up and said have you been helped.  I explained to him that i need to have my tires check that i believe that i have a screw in my back right tire.  (this next part is going to be word for word of what happen next).  He said "you have a giant screw in your tire", I said "OK i will need to get that replaced", he said "it is going to have to be replaced", my next response was "can we get this done today", he stood and looked at me and goes "that shouldnt be a problem" and he continued to look at me.  Needless to say talking to a brick wall would have been more productive.  He finally decided to say well i am going to need information from you.  My next response was do you have the tire in stock? As this is the second tire i have purchased form Chapman i figured it wasnt going to be in stock like the first one.  He said it shouldnt be a problem we keep them in stock.  I went the waiting dull and cold waiting room once again.  He returned to tell me that it would take about two hours and this point is when i found out Chapman has already done away with their loaner program.  Nice enough he they offered to comp my enterprise for the "day".  I asked how long it would take and his response was 2 hours.  I took the enterprise rental and went on with my day, he explained that he would call in two hours to let me know the car was done.  Three hours went by and still had no return phone call.  I called in and spoke with the "customer service manager" as I had spoken with her twice before and she was very interested in making sure my problems were fixed from the past experience.  She informed me that she would find out what was going on and would call me back.  Well she never called back but i got a call from the service advisor.  He explained that they didnt have the tire in stock and would have to order it and would have to keep my car over night.  Fast forward to the next day, i received a phone call from the service adivsor at 2pm letting me know the tire came in and they hadnt started replacing the tire yet.  He then called again letting me know i can pick my car up and that the service department closes at 6pm.  When arriving at Chapman to return the enterprise car and pick up my car more headache starts.  I got there before 6pm and the service advisor was not there.  There was only one guy who most interested in his personal conversation that seeing if i needed help.  So i walked back to the sales office and asked if someone could come to service so i can pick up my car.  The gentleman i asked goes "there is no one there".  Once again if i asked to have someone sent to service i am going to assume that there is no one there.  As i am going to walk out he very rudely said "well i dont work in service".  Needless to say he never sent anyone over there, so i walked back to service and stood there an waited.  When no one came i walked up to someone and said do you work here? And said yes and i informed him i needed to pick up my car.  His response "I didnt know you were waiting everyone just walks up to me".  I got my finally got my car back and asked him to speak with enterprise to let them know Chapman will be paying for my rental car so the funds can be released from my credit card.  I went back to the front area to ask to speak with the customer service manger or the general manager and the response that i was given was "it is after 5 o'clock".  The point that needs to be addressed is the quality of service that is being provided by this car dealership.  There is no way me, my family, or anyone that i come in contact will ever purchase a car from the dealership.
1	I will never go back to this VW Service Department. Simple reason: I paid over $250 for a 50K service check up. I specifically mentioned my steering wheel fluid should be checked.  When I picked up my car, I was told that the car looked fine & that all the fluids were topped off.  I was also told they couldn't help my remove my license plate which had rusted nails screwed into it. Was told to take it to a body shop. The body shop I went to happened to have a mechanic who specializes in European cars. He called a VW Service Dept and asked them to send him the parts he would need to FIX THE PLATE. HE DID THIS in 2 Hours. Freaking lazy VW people. Mechanic also told me he topped of my steering wheel fluid which was dangerously low. When I called the VW service dept to ask them specifically what work they did to my car in charging $250 and why the steering fluid was not actually filled, I was told I would receive a call back after they investigated what happened. NO PHONE CALL BACK EVER. WTF? I basically burned $250 by going to this VW Service Dept. Will never make that mistake again.
5	Ok, I have read other reviews. Come on people, services cost money, that is the reality. I have owned a number of VW's and had very so-so experiences with other dealers. Chris Verdugo was my salesman and did an excellent job. I had communicated via the Internet and every promise he kept. Now I have had a car accident and  the service manager John and Pete my service advisor have done a great job determining the damages. I have nothing but excellent things to say about everyone I have dealt with. I will buy another car from them. Thanks Chapman.
1	I wish I could give this place 0 stars because it has really been that terrible. We just bought a 2013 Passat and they have botched the deal over and over. After leaving several messages and not getting return calls, my husbands only recourse was to go down there. And after that, they claimed they would take care of it, but has yet to happen. And on top we just got a letter from MVD saying that the registration would be suspended on the car we traded in, it's been a month and they still haven't transferred the title. And so that also means we have not been paid for our registration fees either. This place is bad, bad customer service, bad finance managers, bad admin, bad all around. I am SO going to wait until a busy Saturday when they have lots of people in there and go raise hell!!!!  Oh, and file a complaint with VW.
1	Bought a 2007 jetta from these guys in 2010. Made a deal of $14,000 for it and whoopsie me, I didn't read the fine print well enough and they jacked that price up to $21,000 by charging me for radio, tires, etc which were used on the car. THEN the transmission went out after only six months of driving it. AVOID AT ALL COSTS.
5	We were on our way for a weekend trip to Disneyland, when the check coolant level light came on on our Touareg, Crap! We got off the freeway and pulled into the service department. We met Fernando who said they closed at 12 it was 12:30 ish . He lifted the hood and saw that the coolant level was low. "I'll take it to the back and see if I can find the coolant. The mechanics are all gone, but ill do my best." He came back 10 minutes later, with a smile, " here you go, enjoy your trip"What a lifesaver ! Thank you for going out of your way Fernando, our 3yr granddaughter thanks you too!! Xoxoxox
5	I recently bought a Jetta hybrid at Chapman and have been completely impressed with everyone I've dealt with in Sales and Service. My salesperson was Jesse. He's known as the "Piano Tie Guy" because, yeah you guessed it - he wears a tie that looks like piano keys. Super friendly and easy to work with. Financing was also a breeze - no hidden costs or hard sell on extras. When I brought the car in for tinting and alarm install, the service manager, John, was very efficient. The car was ready when they said it would be. They even gave me a free loaner for the day!
3	I don't think I could ever give a car dealership higher than 3 stars.  Maybe Saturn back in the day when I bought my Saturn (1993).  Like most dealerships you have cars to look at and salesmen trying to convince you they are giving you a good deal, even when they aren't.If you're a Costco member go do the auto program thing with Costco.  Chapman VW is one of their dealers, and your starting price is lower than normal.  It helps.We finally got all the details handled today (little scratches and stuff that had to be fixed).  Overall I think our salesman really did try to take care of us once we made the deal.  He seemed eager to deal with all our concerns about scratches, warranties, etc.  That was good.They still cheated us for the trade-in.  I brought in Edmunds, they countered with KBB.  I managed to get them to meet in the middle, but really...the Edmunds trade-in price was fair for that vehicle.For a car-buying experience you could do worse.  Much worse.  Costco helped (it could be worth it to join for a year just to get the discount from the auto program).  The after-sale attention has been very good.  But I'm still annoyed about the trade-in.Is there such a thing as a good car-buying experience??
4	Overall a good experience. Not pushy at all. Found a mistake and they resolved it. Chester and his two Greg's are really fair and honest.  Good sales experience.
5	Terry Prokes-auto salesman was great!  He was able to get the vehicle I needed ready and prepared all the paper work.  When I arrived all I needed was to get final approval from Scott Grimes-sales manager then sign the paper work.   I was pleasantly surprised how efficient they were and worked with me get the vehicle I wanted for a price I could afford and a good price for my trade. They both made it work!I will be recommending family and friends to contact Terry and Scott.Thank you guys.
5	I had a wonderful experience at this dealership. I was working with terry (sales) and Scott (manager). They worked very hard to find me the perfect car! They even went more above and beyond and was able to cut the price to something I could afford using discounts. This place is a great place for any buyer, but especially first time buyers like me. They are very none pressure and honest with everything. Thanks Terry and Scott!Justin
1	I have to tell you about the poor follow through after purchasing a vehicle from Chapman Volkswagen by the staff including Jamie Cox the customer service manager. On September 3, 2013 I purchased a 2013 Passat from Gregg Parmley. He was very nice and tenacious. That is why I purchased from him. He followed up and did his job. He convinced me to buy. The pricing negotiated was fine. The trade-in negotiated was fine.  I am an adult, I am not going to complain about a deal I agreed was satisfactory. I do not have buyers remorse as some folks on here.My concern is the follow through and attention to detail. I had a payoff on my trade-in thru Vantage West. While doing the paperwork I noticed the payoff institution was listed as a different credit union called Tru-West. I mentioned this to the finance manager. He did not feel he needed to change it. He said 'the girls upstairs would take care of it'.A few days later while taking care of other business, I made the General Manager, Chad Hubler, aware of my concern. He must have passed it off to Jamie Cox. I was informed it was taken care of and the check was sent out. Just shy of 2 weeks later I received notice from Vantage West that there was no longer insurance on my trade-in. I let them know it should be paid off shortly as it was traded in, and the insurance had been transferred to the new vehicle. At the end of September I received a statement from Vantage West. My trade-in vehicle was still not paid off. My account with Vantage West was now in "delinquent status". I contacted Vantage West to verify the account status. They stated they had not received a payoff from Chapman Volkswagen. I contacted Jamie Cox. She tracked the check and provided documentation that the check had been sent. Yes, Chapman Volkswagen did send a check made out to Vantage West, BUT they used an address for a TRU-WEST CREDIT UNION located inside of General Dynamics in Scottsdale!!! Why?? because, when I asked someone to fix it the first time, he was to lazy. When I mentioned it again to the General Manager-- He passed it off...and the person he passed it off to--didn't care enough to verify it went to the correct place. She obviously just checked to see a check had been sent. She didn't bother to check on my actual concern of the address being correct or changed. Nobody at Chapman was actually listening to the customers concern.It wasn't until I checked on it myself that this mistake was even caught. It was then that Chapman cancelled the first check, re-issued a 2nd check, and sent it to the correct address in TUCSON where Vantage West payoffs are suppose to be sent. Please note, they had a copy of my account statement when I purchased the vehicle with all Vantage West's contact information. Jamie then explained what steps she did to fix the problem and made note that she wasn't asking me to pay for additional interest. Wow! What a favor! Was it my fault the payoff wasn't sent to correct place, or one of the 4 people that didn't do their job correctly at Chapman Volkswagen.Now, even though the payoff has been finally sent properly, my credit with Vantage West has suffered. Vantage West is showing in their system that I did not payoff my loan as promised. I have had excellent credit since the 1980's. Never missed a payment on anything! Ms.Cox says 'it won't affect your credit because it is less than 30 days'. I explain that is does show late in Vantage West's computor system. Chapman chooses not to do anything. I write a letter to the main head office of Chapman Auto Group. After doing this, THEN, and only THEN does the finance manager and general manager and Chapman Volkswagen attorney get involved to have Vantage West Manager Marie in the Underwriting department falsify the records associated with my account. They have Marie backdate the effective date of receiving the funds from October 10, 2013 to September 28. This makes my account no longer delinquent. It also eliminates any damage claim that I would have against Chapman Volkswagen in court. Had I not threatened legal action, these emails and phone calls would have never taken place. My credit would have stayed damaged and Chapman Volkswagen could have cared less.I received a phone call from Marie explaining she made the changes because 'mistakes were made'. I asked her what prompted her to do this, as I did not initiate this change with Vantage West, and she would not answer.The 'apology' I received from Chapman was a free oil change. Really generous considering that oil changes are included for from Volkswagen on my new Passat. I guess that means that Chapman isn't really sorry at all.
5	I had to update my review of this dealership. After many horror stories about other dealerships, I continue to be amazed at the service I receive. Most places in Scottsdale, whether it be a restaurant or a car dealership give service that we can acceptable but I know when I go to Chapman for service on my VW I will get top notch service. I arrived and was greeted, told what needed to be done and was told how long it would take. I was updated on how the service was going and it was done when they said it would be done. Having help from my service advisor Pete, makes the process smooth and uncomplicated. Thanks to John Gerimano, the manager who is always helpful. This is why I will continue to buy my cars here.
5	Matthew Flores was an outstanding salesman!! It took a few days to get the car I wanted, but Matthew did everything he could to make sure that happened. I'm glad he was my salesman and I'm happy to have given him the sale! If I could afford another car I would definitely go here first and specifically ask for Matthew Flores.
5	Bought a new car from here had a great experience the sales staff was easy to deal with great options and selections on vehicles options for people with great to bad credit
5	Have been bringing my car here since I bought it 31/2 years ago. The service people have always been friendly, fully explain anything that they find that should be dealt with, and are not shy about saying if something can wait. Any work I have had done has always been done right the first time. My only warning is do not use their on line chat to set appointments or anything period. You will be talking to someone who is only capable of taking a message. They cannot actually set an appointment for you. I tried on three separate occasions and each time I finally wound up calling direct. So, Just call direct. It is quicker and less of a hassle. I do love it when they bring my car back from servicing and find the exterior washed. I would definitely buy my next car from them, and will continue getting my car serviced here.
3	I've been to the dealership twice already. Got plenty of useful and necessary information for me to make the purchase decision. I would have given the dealer 5 start but two things. For some reason I was always feeling being rushed, go-go-go. I need time to process the information since I do not (did not) know much about VWs less to say the changes in 2015 year models and upcoming features. Second, the inventory is always too low with this dealer, and even though I qualify for VW's friends and family deal, this guys simply do not want to negotiate... because they keep low inventory. Bottom line: 4of5 stars for experience and curtesy. Not sure if I want to go back their and do business with (2of5 stars): inventory is too low and you'll most likely end up paying the MSRP sticker.
1	So from start of the whole process it seemed rush and we seemed un important.Although I enjoy my 2014 Jetta we were straight up lied to.When we first met with Scott we explained that we drive ALL day for my job.Cruise control was important to us!We were told the car would have cruise control.IT DOESNT! When called to find out where the cruise control was he explained that we don't have it and he could have charged us $4000 more for it.WTF! Dude had you paid attention to our needs and wants and stopped disappearing on us this wouldn't have been an issue! Good things it's a 4 year lease so we aren't stuck in it forever! We won't do business with these shady none caring  people again.
1	This was seriously the worst experience I've had trying to purchase a vehicle. The sales rep Tavo and the sales manager Justin were very condescending and rude. When I tried to get $50 knocked off my monthly payments, Justin suggested, "If $50 is too much money, maybe you shouldn't be buying car." Really?! A sales manager trying to sell cars just told me to not buy one?! It was a sales tactic for the ages, I'll give him that. Make the customer feel like crap, then go in for the sale. I'm glad he thinks $50 isn't a lot of money and he's agreed to give me $50 a month for three years. He's so generous.Needless to say I left and went to Chapman Mazda and got a deal done much faster and with more professionalism from my sales rep Daisha than I would have if I had stayed in that VW dealership another second longer. I suggest anyone reading this do the same.
5	Greg in the Volkswagen service department did a phenomenal job in not only coordinating the repairs of my vehicle but in coordinating a rental car and staying on top of contacting me and letting me know when my vehicle would be ready
1	To be fair, I used to love the service dept. at Chapman. I felt like they weren't trying to nickel and dime me and were upfront and clear whenever I needed work done.Over the past 3 years, the quality of work and the quality of staff has been on the decline. I've had 4 different service advisors due to high turnover and each iteration knows less and less about cars in general, let alone VWs.On to the list of things that irk me:I have mods on my car and I've been "threatened" by advisors that my warranty would be voided, which it never was. I had a squeal from my front brakes that was never fixed...even after replacing pads and rotors. They also did not top of my coolant, which led to issues.They have left numerous things loose after performing work. The latest being the splash guard, but then that wasn't so much loose as it was them forgetting to put in 3 bolts so it was just flapping in the wind. After playing phone tag with the service manager, they replaced the 3 bolts. The service manager didn't apologize for wasting my time and gas to fix their eff up. Now that I'm getting other work done at a "better" dealership, they have said that the splash guard bolts were over tightened and the broke off into the subframe. Thanks Chapman!Also played phone tag with Jaime Cox, customer service manager. I had to email to tell the Internet sales manager that Jaime never responded to my email. He followed up with Jaime again and then she called leaving me a message, trying to put the blame on me. She never called and left a message like she claimed she did. I finally got a hold of Jaime today and she seemed to care even less than the service manager. Btw Jaime, you had no clue who I was. You pretended to know what my issue was and did nothing to make things right. Instead you gave me a hollow apology thinking that would be good enough, but it wasn't. You should just have an automated message that says, "I'm sorry," because that's what it felt like talking to you. Customer service is only as good as management and from our brief conversation this morning, Chapman customer service is the pits.It's unfortunate that my relationship has ended with Chapman VW and Chapman Auto Group as a whole because of people that lack the proper skills/training to perform a task they are paid to.Update 11/17/2014 8:30pm: No, I did not give Chapman a chance to look at the bolts that were over tightened, but that's because Camelback VW already had my car taken apart due to the issue created by Chapman's lack of topping off fluids. I wouldn't have wanted to be charged labor by Camelback for taking everything apart and putting it in my backseat and drive to Chapman to tell their service department how to do their job as I've had to the past 3 times I was there. I mean, if you consistently had a bad meal from a restaurant, would you keep eating there? Neither would I.Since the question now has risen of were the 3 bolts really missing and was it Chapman's fault....do you think I would purposely jack my car up, which is a pain in the ass (anyone that has tried working on their VW can attest to this fact) and remove the bolts myself just to complain? I have better things to do then find a way to screw over a business that already has its own issues to worry about. I didn't want anything extra, just the bolts to complete the job they started.Aside from having to tell the service manager and his department what to do, I had to also ask for an apology. So yeah, Jaime, you and the service manager apologized. Whoop-dee-do! Doesn't really mean anything when you have to be asked for an apology and told how to do your job. And to top it off, now you want to make me look like the "bad guy" in all of this. I guess you just can't find an honest business anymore. Such a shame....
5	Steven Cargill is absolutely the truth! He worked with me.online and he helped me find an amazing car right away! He didnt bs me or give me things I didn't want to hear! I didn't want to purchase a new car, but the way Arizona bus system is set up, I had to! He has truly been one of the best salesmen that I have worked with. He even answered my dumb questions that I had! It was a great partnership that we had! I will forever work with Chapman Volkswagen for future car purchases and I will refer my friends! Thanks to a friend of mine for referring me! I'm grateful to be walking out with everything that asked for in a car! I can't wait to hit the road! Thank you Chapman and thank you Steven fir everything! Im truly grateful! Oh yeah, the finance department was great and worked with me and that is another plus! Thanks again!
