5	I walked in, the owner was super friendly. The selection was pretty good. They are in their soft opening so they had a good amount of flavors. The owner gave me samples of anything I asked to try. I got 2 small flavors, only $7 and some change. The size small is a pretty good size for only $3.75, also they seal the bag for freshness and the bag also has a ziplock on it. It also tastes really good. I didn't find anything bad or wrong with this place. Check it out. I know I'll be back!
5	The owner is super awesome and super friendly. They offer so many favors and all of them taste so good. The price you pay is outstanding because you receive so much more than what you get in other typical popcorn stores. I suggest everyone goes in and try's every flavor this wonderful store has to offer. I have been there 2 times now and we can't get enough of it and will definitely be back again!
5	I love love love Popcorn! And trust me, this shop is, no doubt, THE best in town. They offer absolutely insane selection of flavors, amazing fun packing including different verity of  themes , affordable pricing. The owner is very friendly and makes you feel welcome. Please give this place love, they deserve it!
5	There are a few places  here in town that you can buy popcorn in assorted flavors and colors. None however come close to the level of flavor that Popularity has. The owner was there making his brand of Gourmet Popcorn and took the time to help me find the right mix of flavors for me and my family. With all that has gone on in the economy lately it's nice to see a fresh new business with young, talented and enthusiastic people behind it all. Definitely a brand new staple for me and my family!
5	I have been waiting months for this place to open up, so when I saw the open sign I was ecstatic! When I walked in I was greeted, by who I assume is the owner, with one of the warmest welcomes I've ever received in my life. Seriously this guy was fantastic and super happy that we came in, we ended up staying and talking to him for a good half hour. During that half hour we must have sampled about 7 different flavors, all of which were out of this world!! I ended up getting the sour cream and onion and my friend got caramel. Only $3.75 for a small, which is such a steal for such an amazing product. Everyone needs to come here and I will be telling all my friends both in and out of town they need to swing by and experience the amazingness of Popularity!
5	Visiting Las Vegas from Los Angeles. My son recommended this place. The owner is very friendly and eager to please. He gave us samples of any flavor we wanted to try. We ended up buying truffle cheddar, white and orange cheddar mix, sour cream and onion, and spicy cheddar. He's working on flavors using Splenda so he'll have some sugar-free choices. We'll definitely go again next time we're in town!
5	I have to echo what everyone has said so far.  The owner is a SUPER friendly guy and the flavors and quality of the popcorn are excellent.  I can't wait to go back and try more!
5	Came in for the first time today and I have to say this is popcorn heaven. The owner is super friendly and allows you to sample whatever flavors he has in stock plus some flavors he is currently working on. He has everything from sweet ans salty to spicy and unique.For the caramel popcorn lovers, he has this caramel popcorn that's just so light and airy and the caramel taste isn't overwhelming or too light- it's in that Goldilock's level and it's just enough sweet. There's also different caramel flavors (salted, chocolate, a few others) and more unique flavors like your bacon cheddar and pickle flavors. I highly recommend a visit here.
5	After hearing about this place on my HOA fb group I had to check it out...WOW!! Not only were they super friendly, but they brought out all kinds of samples! Great sweet and savory flavors! I picked up two of their "small" bags that I thought were pretty generous for about $8 total. Perfect for adding to a gift basket. He even threw in toothpicks an napkins in the bag ;-) great local business!
4	I feel like gourmet popcorn is becoming the next breakout thing. Kinda like vaping, but much less life-threatening. There are already quite a few stores around town and more of them just keep popping up! ;)Popularity is a new spot in the Northwest located on Durango, just off of the 215. You'll find them in the same center with Buffalo Wild Wings and just a couple doors down from Cold Stone. Obviously since they are doing just popcorn, it's a smaller location, but it's very clean and they've got a really cool counter with huge popcorn displays. The space is very open and there's a window to see into their back area where they make the popcorn.As of right now, they've only got up a temporary menu. It features about 15 different flavors and new ones are constantly being worked on. The owner Eric is a super cool dude and you can tell he is really passionate about his product. He told us that they are working towards having 20 permanent flavors and then about 5 special or limited flavors every month. The popcorn here is a bit different then what you'll find at some of the other spots around town. They use an air popping process, opposed to oil. I found the popcorn to be really light and although Eric says using air makes his job more difficult when it comes to flavoring the popcorn, I found most of what we tried to have great, bold flavors. I ended up taking home a bag of Black Raspberry Cream and Espresso which were my two favorite flavors. Some other goods one were Black Tie, Cinnamon Bun and the White Cheddar Jalapeno. There's also a Sour Cream & Onion flavor that Eric said he wanted to have taste like the Pringle version and the flavor is spot on. They are currently offering 3 different size bags, which very in price by flavor and filled sports tins as well. The prices are very fair and on-par with other similar spots. I also really liked that they have a mini fridge up front with drinks and offer mint toothpicks!One of my only complaints had to do with some of the popcorn on display. While it's a good idea, Eric said most of the popcorn displayed in fancy glass containers and the bags up front were from batches that he messed up on. Now, even he said that a lot people eat with their eyes. So, some of that stuff that looks really good in the containers are forgotten flavors or just bad batches and can't be tried. Not a huge deal, but I am one of those people and when I see something that looks good, I want to try it. Regardless, Popularity is a very welcome addition to the Northwest and we will definitely be repeat customers!
5	The owners are awesome and let you try all of the different flavors! Ended up deciding on the cookies n cream. Very good!
5	Stopped in after hearing great things. I got the caramel and my wife and daughter shared the cinnamon bun. They both were amazing. The prices for the portion size is great. They will give you samples of all of their flavors (10-15)  and they are all great.
5	Stopped in today after hearing amazing things!! The owner was extremely friendly and seriously let me try every flavor and even showed me a few different combinations. I ended up getting two mixed bags. One was salted caramel and chocolate and cookies n cream. The other was spicy cheddar and sour cream and onion. I can't wait to go back again, plus I still need to try a few others!! A great addition to the centennial hills area!!
5	Just tried this place out. Love the popcorn! We got salted caramel, chocolate brownie, and caramel. All very tasty. Totally recommend to check it out, especially if you love popcorn. And don't be turned off by the pricing if you think $3-5 for a bag is a lot, it's a small business and they make it all. I say it's appropriate for the awesome quality!
5	I visited the popcorn shop today and I have to say I was impressed. The popcorn tasted fresh, the flavor was bold and exactly as described. The store was clean. We bought cheddar and cinnamon bun. Kids devoured it. A great twist to your regular popcorn and the price was reasonable for gourmet popcorn.
5	I took my son out on my day off ritual to lunch. We wanted to eat at that Japanese spot but it was close. So we decided to go to Buffalo Wild Wings end up passing this place. So we both said hey let's go in n see what this place is all about.. Da owner was really friendly he showed it in his face how happy we were in there. Asked us if we wanted to sample all of the flavors if we wanted to. He suggested the sour cream n spicy cheddar which I thought was ok.. Then he offered to let me try da cinnamon bun n the chocolate with coconut omg!!! Loved the coconut!,,, bought a bag when I got home opened it up I couldn't stop eating it... Next thing u know bag was all gone!!! My stepdaughter took my son back next day n he end up getting sour cream n cinnamon bun..I'm going back today n get a bigger bag of that chocolate coconut... Only thing I have to say is that this place needs more advertisement cuz it's gonna b really good business if they showcase it!!!! I'm glad me n my son happen to stroll around there that day cuz I would have never known about this place!,,,,,,
5	Super fresh! Super friendly! My family are definitely advocates of this sweet spot! My daughter loves the sea salt caramel popcorn! The pickle is great too! We tried a variety of flavors! None of the flavors are overwhelming, just right. Great prices & I love the packaging. The packaging is sturdy and resealable. We will def be back!
5	Weekly stop for our fix of the best flavored popcorn around.  Today picking up some spicy cheddar for the 22 month old granddaughter and some fresh made sour cream and cheddar for me.Not sure how they do it but every flavor is awesome. I sure will be back in a few days for more.
5	super friendly and super yummy! Lots of simples
5	The product is just as great as the service!Two thumbs up!! The man working was so friendly, upbeat, positive and very helpful. The popcorn flavor selection....honestly I had no idea there could be so many options but I'm glad there are. So yummy!! Guess what?!...FREE TASTINGS! I dare you to go in and sample some and walk out without purchasing something...you'd be a fool to do that!!!! I walked in only wanting to order a small bag for my popcorn loving daughter. I came out $30 poorer because after trying so many, I HAD to buy more and decided a tin would be more appropriate ;) BTW, the tin itself cost $8.95 and to fill it with popcorn makes $12.15-$15.35. I bought, cinnamon bun, black tie, salted Carmel w/chocolate for the tin. And then a medium bag of habanero cheddar. I just spent 30 bucks on popcorn...and I don't even give a care. Is really good!
4	Super yummy stuff. Great selection of unique flavors. I got the salted caramel chocolate because I could not decide between sweet or salty. It is delicious. Staff is very helpful and let me try a bunch of samples. Price is a little steep but definitely worth satisfying my cravings.
5	Amazing service and the best popcorn in Las Vegas!! They always offer samples and their passion for what they do is apparent. So far our favs are white cheddar (my 2 year old just loves it), caramel, black tie and sour cream and onion. Can't wait to try more!
5	Great addition to the neighborhood! I was on my way home after going to Petsmart when my boyfriend & I popped in to see the store. I've driven past it a couple times but didn't know what kind of store it was.We were so pleased at how friendly the owner was,  and how he offered us samples of ever flavor popcorn we wanted to try. Needless to say, they were all delicious!  We ended up buying cookies and creme, cinnamon bun, and sour creme and cheddar. We've only been home a couple hours and they're all almost gone! His popcorn is hard to stop eating because it's so delicious!I will be back for Christmas to purchase the football tins of large popcorn for my family and friends.Definately a great experience and a great addition to the Montecito area.
5	Yummy popcorn with friendly owner. Love the sour cream cheddar flavor. Very clean and the only place I have seen so far that uses fresh gloves every time they go in the bin. Their bags are pretty but kind a small. I wish they use regular bags so I can have more popcorn for my money.
5	Friendly staff, military discount, good community ties, just all around good people and good popcorn
5	Best ever!!!!  Go now!!!
4	We finally made our way to this cute popcorn place in the NorthWest that our friend Ty W. is a big fan of mainly because we were buying him a Christmas gift.  Eric, the owner, was busy with customers the night we went, but very friendly and appreciative of our patience.  When it was our turn, he let us sample at least eight flavors, including Cinnamon Bun, Salt and Vinegar, Black Raspberry Cream, Salted Caramel Chocolate, Black Tie, and Coconut Caramel Chocolate.  I really liked the Black Raspberry, Cinnamon, and Black Tie flavors.  This stuff makes for a great gift for yourself or your favorite people.  We'll definitely be back to buy some for ourselves when we're in the area.*Free cold beverage with your Yelp check-in.
5	What a terrific place , great gourmet popcorn , excellent variety of flavors , wonderful owner who really caters to customers. Free samples too,, bring the kids!
5	This place is like a popcorn lovers dream! Such good flavors. The owner is very nice and helpful. It's great that you can sample as many flavors as you wish (this makes it hard to pick flavors lol.)  I really love this place I'm glad it's so close to home! My favorite flavor is the cookies and cream. I never would have thought this would be my favorite flavor but it's taste is great and it actually has pieces of cookies! Popcorn is a little expensive but the quality and taste are so good it's worth paying a little more. I hope this place is here for the long haul!
