5	The Asbury was an overall wonderful experience. The service was exceptional and the menu can be perfectly described as both southern and modern. Our server was extremely knowledgeable of the menu and made it quite difficult to decide on an entree, as everything sounded so delicious. With the chef focusing on regional ingredients and farm to table freshness, this menu truly gave a taste of North Carolina. It would be highly recommended that both residents and visitors of Charlotte take the time to enjoy all that this new restaurant has to offer. I would recommend coming sooner than later and ask about anything special regarding the wine list. Make a reservation, the restaurant does appear to have limited seating.
5	My husband and I just had a Saturday night dinner at the Asbury and wow was it delicious. We spilt the biscuits with bacon jam and BBQ Carmel popcorn to start. I couldn't stop eating the biscuits which were served in a cute mini cast iron skillet. Our server was nice enough to bring a second jar of bacon jam after we quickly demolished the first. So freaking good. I had the shrimp and my husband had the chicken and dumplings for entrees. It's rare that I out-order my husband but tonight I was victorious. The shrimp were buttery and perfectly pink, and the accompanying polenta was more like grits with a fantastic crunch from the pickled cabbage. My husband loved the chicken and dumplings and  it was a close call as to which entree was tastiest. The entrees were generous so we were too stuffed for dessert but the menu was intriguing. Our waiter solidified our experience at the Asbury - he was knowledgeable and friendly. We will definitely be back!
4	The fella and I stopped in for Sunday breakfast around 8:45, and we were the third group in there. We'd been excited to try the place that replaced Harvest Moon, and I was pleasantly surprised by the transformation! The interior looks very different with a long, ivory, leather booth along one wall, and dark, wooden tables throughout. The walls are dark blue on the top, and the art is very sleek and modern without being too fancy.The menu was potentially even more impressive than Harvest Moon's, and I had a hard time deciding what to get! I decided on the House-Made Ricotta & Granola ($8) with a side order of toast. The baked apples were a delicious touch, and how has no one ever thought to add a dollop of ricotta to granola before?? Even the preserves that came with the thick, yet light, toast were to die for. The fella opted for the Pimento Cheese Omelet with grits ($9). He was dumb enough to give up a bite and let me try it, and the flavor was smoky with a nice tang from the cheese. The grits were sooo thick, and he loved it!The only reason I didn't award a fifth star was service. When we first got there, it was perfect.  Around 9:00 a.m., they were so busy that there may not have been an open table in the place. I needed more coffee and more preserves, but our waitress never came back, and the others look super overwhelmed. Hopefully the staff will get the hang of things soon, and I'm looking forward to trying it again!
2	I just wrote a review, but then had to log in and it disappeared.  Needless to say -- I wasn't impressed.  Bland food.  Cold when served.
3	Service was odd. Initial greeting and seating were good but afterwards, servers just stood around, ignoring us. I finally asked the first man if he were a sommelier. Answer, "no." "Do you even like wine?" was my next question. Answer, "no." OK, it was going to be that kind of experience: untrained and unsophisticated staff but at least honest. I started with a bottle of the great Foppiano Petite Syrah at $44. It was brought out and he began to open it behind me. I turned and demanded to *see* the bottle to make sure he had gotten it right -- remember, he doesn't even like wine. It was the right bottle, and a quick taste showed it was too warm, no doubt stored too near a heat source. I reasoned that it would cool to room temp quickly enough and it was otherwise fine, so I accepted it. I will leave out the rest of the wine service. The selection is limited and woefully incomplete. It's not a corporate selection but Chef needs to bring in someone who enjoys wine to add some interest to his offerings.The roasted beets were a disappointment. Thick slices of beets (if they were roasted, they may as well have been boiled) and and thin slices of apple on microgreens. It was simple, plain, and uninspired and overpriced at $8. Bread was not ever offered and two at our table did not order starters. I requested bread, please! -- at least for them. In about 3 minutes, a small tray of delicious bread with flavored butter arrived. Outstanding! One dinner said it was the highlight! Why was it not offered (1) at first, (2) with the wine, or (3) at the arrival of the starters? And why did I have to request it?The Trigger Fish was a surprise and at $27 a disappointment. This is not how I have it at the coast and you almost never see it this far inland. The shape and texture were odd because of the cooking method. I do not recommend.The lemon grass pot du creme had lemon grass in it? The other desserts were forgettable. The French Press coffee was excellent and I recommend it highly; 2 cup press for $6!The food can be improved. The wine list can be improved. Service can be improved. All they have to do is do it. They already have a great manager. I remember Monticello where I had dozens of memorable meals.
2	We were excited they were reopening a new restaurant at this spot with a new concept.  However the experience was disappointing.  The service was strange and not knowledgable about the menu.  We had the sausage balls and they were great but our main courses were both under seasoned and underwealming.  The short ribs I ordered were tough.  I did like the cauliflower casserole side that we got but it wasn't enough to salvage the meal.
4	Last night was the second time I've been to The Asbury.  A couple of weeks ago we went there for brunch, and really enjoyed everything - especially the chorizo meatballs and the biscuits!  Last night I was there with a party of 7, and most of us ordered either the Chicken and Dumplings or the shrimp dish.  The chicken and dumplings were to die for - a chicken leg confit, with little pillows of yummy gnocchi goodness, and roasted root veggies.  Not the mushy mess that I grew up eating at the S&W. We started with the Cast Iron Biscuits and Bacon Jam and would have ordered more starters if we weren't time crunched to get to the theatre to see Playing For Others. Can't wait to go back and try the Deviled Eggs and the scallops. If you have not been - GO!  And pay particular attention to the art on the walls.  It provides fascinating inspiration for conversation with your dinner companions.  Though once the food arrives that is all you will talk about.
2	Top line: new concept, with a great chef, was excited to try, but overall, disappointed.Went to the Asbury with high expectations.  Harvest Moon (old concept that was in the same space), was a gem of Charlotte, and having the old McNinch House (easily the best restaurant in Charlotte) chef could only elevate the quality of this place.  Asbury focuses heavily on farm-to-table and cooking seasonal foods, both which are concept that I fully support.  Went to Asbury for dinner, and I am sad to report that it was disappointing.  Food was lacking in flavor, especially the pork belly which was poorly seasoned.  Service seemed to be confused, delivered the wrong meal to one of our guests/courses were timed poorly.Bottom line: place was a miss on both food and service and I would not recommend this place.
4	Stopped in for brunch this morning, and enjoyed the experience.The staff was attentive, and the menu had a lot of great looking options. I'm looking forward to trying the others. I had the "The Farmer" and my dining guest, the Cast Iron Baked Pancake. They were both great. They also validate parking for the parking garage behind the Dunhill.
5	Just dined there last night.  We had Chicken & Dumplings (chicken braised in duck fat + gnocchi), Short Ribs and the cauliflower & sweet onion gratin to share. Wow.  Everything we ate was out of this world, the wine was phenomenal, and best of all, all the ingredients come from within 200 miles! A true farm-to-table. The pricing is comprable to any other uptown dining, maybe not even as expensive.  All in all, a truly outstanding meal, we will certainly return!
4	While it neither added to nor detracted from the rating I gave the Asbury, let me take a second to note the Asbury's charmingly awkward hostess. Upon being seated, she handed me a napkin and added descriptively, "Here's a black napkin!" You just don't get that kind of life commentary anymore. Later in the meal, as my waiter was making a beeline for my table with a pitcher of water, she intercepted my table with a different pitcher at the last second and poured it instead. My waiter stood there sort of surprised for a second and muttered "Thanks." It's weird occurrences of this sort that add so much more to the dining experience.I was on the verge of selecting a more conventional lunch items like a pork sandwich or a burger when I noted a separate menu section at the bottom for knife n' fork biscuits. I selected one called "The Fisher", which featured two delectable biscuit halves with pan-fried trout cakes served over a remoulade. Everything about this part of the plate rocked my socks. I opted to have this served with potatoes, which came with some sort of bell-peppery salsa. This salsa-stuff was awesome, although the potatoes themselves were not quite as crispy as I would have preferred.On the whole, though, I applaud the big flavors that made it to the plate, and it was undeniably one of my better meals in Charlotte.
4	Enjoyed a casual business breakfast today at Asbury.   I was hoping it would live up to the quality of Harvest Moon which used to be here.   It did!  Ordered the Farmers Biscuit with sausage gravy,  bacon, eggs  topped with arugula, and a side of grits.  Everything tasted great so why not 5 stars?  Just a few little things:  I ordered poached eggs and received fried,  too little sausage gravy which the biscuit quickly sopped up, and I had gone online to research the menu only to discover they had switched their menu from Winter to Spring and not updated their website.   I had my heart set on the root vegetable omelet . . . but it was gone. Service,  however,  was impeccable.  I'll be back!
2	First time here and while the old fashion and sampler appetizer we ate were very good the flounder lacked substance and appeal. It tasted like a Miss Paul's frozen fish fillet but not as good.  The french onion soup was tasty but both bowls were served cold for our tastes.  For as expensive of a meal as it was we were disappointed. Won't be back.
4	We received complimentary breakfast because we stayed at the Dunhill hotel. It was a tasty breakfast! I had the ricotta granola with strawberries and honey and it was to die for. The pimento omelet was also wonderful. Great start to our day! The managers were really nice and welcoming and our server the first day was great. The server we had the 2nd day was not as as accommodating, so we had to grab to-go coffee from the hotel next door. But the food was great!
5	We were looking for a clean food breakfast location within walking distance of our hotel in downtown Charlotte when we came upon this jewel. The decor is light, with old world class. Comfortable seating, good color, distinct artwork on walls. I ordered The Farmer and my son chose the two egg breakfast. He was satisfied, the flavor was good, but felt his bacon was dry. My breakfast was very good. House made biscuit layered with fresh sausage gravy made with fresh sage, bacon, topped with a nice soft cooked egg. As a side, I ordered the grits, w/o cheese, and found them slightly undercooked and a little tasteless. Coffee was good, service was very good, price was fine especially since it was farm to table quality. We will definitely be returning for our breakfast when in Charlotte again.
4	Great spot in uptown, quaint, cozy and relaxed atmosphere. Service was fantastic!The sampler snack plate was amazing, agree with other reviews the deviled eggs were the best!  Popcorn and curried carrot hummus delicious as well. I am a big fan of local farm to table and fresh ingredients. The ceviche was very fresh but needed a little kick. The risotto and blue crab entree with 60 degree egg and asparagus was also very fresh. Risotto cooked perfect, not starchy just right. Could have used a little more flavor as other have commented. Craft cocktails and wine pairing were perfect. I will be back bit definitely hope they take the feedback  and add a bit more boldness to the dishes.
3	We visited The Asbury on 5/17/14 to enjoy a meal outside on the patio with our dog.  The waitress remembered us from when we passed by earlier in the day, which a subtle, pleasant touch. She brought out some water for the dog and the menus rather rapidly. We both ordered the cocktail with the lavender infused Tito's vodka and enjoyed them. Much of the menu was focused on brunch items and on this visit, we were solely focused on lunch so that limited our options. We decided on getting the burger with the $3 upgrade to include the fries and soup, and a beet salad. Then we finished our drink and did not receive a return visit for at least 15 minutes and the food took a while to come out. As we ordered our second drinks, I asked if I could get the Tito's on the rocks, I was told no since the only Tito's they had was infused for the special cocktail. We've not had that happen before, but okay, guess I'll get a Grey Goose. While we pondered if the meat was getting slaughtered and awaiting the delivery to the chef, we also wondered why they would serve a burger without fries. Does anyone only serve a burger alone on a plate that is not a slider or some amazing Kobe masterpiece? Clearly our thoughts took over due to lack of food. Everything arrived at once. The onion soup was the best item served.  He loved it as it was served and I thought that the soup tasted great but the ratio was off -- it needed more liquid/less cornbread and more onions. The burger itself was good but the bun tasted one or two days old. The fries were not crispy with some being undercooked and certainly not worth an upcharge. The beet salad was not very good. The beets were thick and tough, the lettuce had been dressed for too long and had too much dressing. The candied nuts were yummy, as were the strawberries. Overall we enjoyed ourselves and had fun people watching but I'm not sure this would be a restaurant we would come back too.
4	The wife and I went to check out the brunch at The Asbury with another couple this past Sunday. It has replaced Harvest Moon Grill in the Dunhill Hotel, which I had only tried once and left very disappointed. I don't think both restaurants are affiliated in any way, and I can safely say that The Asbury hit the spot for brunch. It's in a relatively small space in the Dunhill with an entrance on Tryon. The menu itself is also not overly abundant but there is a good variety. The biscuits, deviled eggs, and southern French onion soup were enjoyed by all as the whole table split these snacks. I don't even like biscuits and these were very good in a bad for you kind of way. I ordered the "carrot" hummus which was different but definitely worth a try especially with the crispy crackers that accompanied it. For entrees, the dishes were cream cheese stuffed french toast, pork belly Benedict and the wife and I each took the smoked trout hash. We didn't really share these dishes, but we all wound up with empty plates so that means something. For dessert, the table split the chess pie, which is apparently a old school southern dessert that I had never had before. It came out with 3 pieces of pie stacked up on each other with the actual chess pie being in the middle surrounded by pieces of chocolate pie on either side. In a word, it was delicious! We will definitely be returning here soon and trying out the lunch and dinner menus.
5	Wife and I went here on a Wednesday might before going to the theatre.  Could not have had a better service or food.  Donald was out server.  Knowledgeable, friendly, and prompt.   We had the deviled eggs, ceviche, bacon jam and biscuit, and split the egg and blue crab for a main course.
4	A coworker and I stopped in for a snack and a drink while we brainstormed.  The server was great and the snacks (deviled eggs, skillet cornbready thing) were tasty.  My only issue was that there were a ton of small flies flying around outside that were getting annoying.  But hey, it's summer, it's Charlotte, these things happen.Overall - 4 stars.  Solid.
5	Could Asbury be our new happy place? After a number of disappointing experiences at my former favorite farm to table restaurant uptown, Halcyon, we were seeking a new favorite. Hubby and I tried to go one night but they were booked on Open Table but last night we wandered in and luckily they were busy upstairs with a wine dinner but had left the main dining room unreserved. The seats were comfortable, which is important. Our server, Donnie, was absolutely fantastic and very knowledgeable and walked us through practically the whole menu and was candid about the menu and wine items. Their new menu bringing in summer items looked fantastic and there were several things I didn't get to try (BBQ Caramel popcorn, roasted beet salad that looked awesome, burrata cheese app, etc.). We did try the tableside ceviche which that night was grouper with lime/orange acidifying pourover. We were so hungry we didn't wait until it was cured, but it was delicious anyway and is similar to a hamachi & jalapeno app but really fresh and summery. The delicious bread from Local Loaf was warm and served with herb butter.We ordered the risotto and crab and ribeye entrees. The flavor profile on both were delicious. I'm not sure if the chef adjusted the recipe after hearing reviews but there was a really nice smoked lemon zest throughout that really was bright and crisp; perfect for summer! The ribeye flavor and vegetables were great but not enough portion for a hungry man- next time we'll order the roasted cauliflower side too.The dessert and wine menus looked great but didn't get to take full advantage of them. We took a peek at the brunch menu and since I'm not a pork eater, there aren't a ton of items I'll be eating but there was a cinnamon chip french toast that is on my list to try!All in all, we really enjoyed our experience and look forward to going back and trying more things.
5	Loved it here, came back twice.  Definitely our favorite meal in Charlotte.  Great down to earth service although other patrons can be pretentious..overheard one table telling our waiter that they only eat at restaurants that serve free-range food....ugh, just ignore those annoying folks and enjoy your dinner, you won't regret coming here!
5	Loved the early summer dinner menu! My husband and I tried as much as we could on a hot summer night - popcorn, dropped biscuits, burrata plate, summer chopped salad, yellow fin ceviche, cheese plate, and a fantastic bottle of Sauvignon blanc! What an explosion of flavors! We will definitely return!
5	Breakfast for the gods! I absolutely love this place and Ms.Robin !! She makes me always wanna come back! I had an amazing hoagie bread with eggs bacon cheese and home fries.. (yes made up my own meal) but its some of the best food ive ever had No complaints here. Im a breakfast girl and they have mastered that for me.. I havent had dinner since it was harvest moon but if much hasnt changed I had some amazing lamb once upon a time from chef cassie that literally made me feel like my life changed for a day.. Also shouts out Pete at the bar.. I always visit him after dinner!
5	We missed Harvest moon but wanted to try this new place. I ordered the Fried hot chicken Sammy. Oh My God!!! It was just amazing. It was so full of flavor that I relished each and every bite. There was no conversation during this lunch since everyone was lost in their food.AMAZING!!
5	Probably my new favorite restaurant - husband took me for breakfast date (that's what you do if u have 2 little ones)  it was so delicious best eggs Benedict and bacon.  The atmosphere and service was great too! I can't wait to go back.
1	Read some of the good reviews and decided to check it out  ...... Boy what a disappointment First the service was terrible they only had 3 tables and 10 people running around they obviously dont know how to run a restaurant The food was ok. I am assuming  they have a new chef or the glowing reviews were by friends or people who usually  eat at McDonaldsI will say some of the other waiters seem to be on thier game just not mine Its a good thing they dont cater to the local uptown residents because if they did they wouldnt make it
5	Bacon jam. Yes, BACON JAM. Holy. Those two words are why you must order Maw's Maw's Cast Iron Drop Biscuits. The bbq popcorn is delicious. The Savory Spice Shop actually created a spice just for them to use in this snack. The deviled eggs are better than my mom's. *don't tell her that* They have little fried cornichons on top. Cute and so good.I went to lunch here Wednesday with Mike M. We both went with the chilled corn soup. It had a a custard in the bottom. It was fantastic. Such clean and fresh flavors. I got the tacos. I did one of the marinated 'shrooms and one of the coastal North Carolina seafood of the day (Wed it was shrimp). Both of these were really great.  If you go tacos, I recommend doing two different ones and doing a seafood of the day for one of those.Things to know: The Asbury validates for the Fifth Third parking deck next door. If there's a table outside, get it. Great people watching for dinner. During lunch, there is always something going on in that little park looking area across the street. Wednesday there was a jazz band. The server told me you can find the schedule on the Find Your Center website. Music, aerial yoga... free entertainment! I had the honor of tasting Chef Chris Coleman's food at Competition Dining last week. I was blown away. His second course was hands down the best dish of the night. He's really talented.I'm a new fan of The Asbury. I cannot wait to check this place out for brunch.
5	Fresh, local ingredients and delicious coffee = a great email. Definitely a place to go with friends or have a nice brunch date.I had the cream cheese stuff french toast with fruit and they were delicious. You have to get the deviled eggs, and even priced at $5 they were well worth every single penny.
5	I had my 30th Birthday here. Stunning meal. I don't know how this place hasn't been in every food mag/ southern mag on the planet. Chef Coleman's food is delicious and visually stunning.
5	Oh my goodness!! While visiting Charlotte for business we happened upon this place on yelp and what a fantastic find!! The bacon jam (yes bacon jam!!) with biscuits was amazing such a great combination of flavors. We had the hot fried chicken sandwich which delivered all of the flavor and spice that it promised. In total everything that we ate was fresh and delicious. Even the drinks were great. The server was excellent as well and very attentive. I would definitely go back.
3	Great flavor.  However some of their cost saving measures go on the stingy side.  My chicken sandwich was cut as thin as lunch meat
5	Just finished my last bite of the fresh grouper. My company got the rib eye. Both dishes were absolutely perfect and interesting in their own way. This is a small, quiet treasure. Our server Patrick was a nice server. Highly recommended.
4	Went here because we went to see Once at the Belk Theatre. This used to be my beloved Harvest Moon Grille, so I wanted to see if they do it justice, and overall, they did with a few miscues. So I really give this place 3.5 stars, rounding up to 4 (I feel generous today). Got the deviled egg appetizer. They added a FRIED pickle to the top....that was unexpectedly YUMMY! Then I got the sirloin over a mushroom risotto. Well, the beef was kind of "sinewy" and tough to chew in a few cases. About 5 or 6 oz of beef.....which was a little less that I was expecting for SIRLOIN....NOT the most expensive cut of meat. So the beef was average at best. But the risotto was very good. My friend got the roasted chicken leg, which she loved.....I thought it was good.Didn't have time for dessert, but they all looked fabulous! I got a glass of wine and she got a Martini. Service was excellent and the atmosphere romantic and cozy.Overall a pretty good place. Had they given me a BETTER quality piece of beef this would be a solid 4 star place. Right now it' s a solid 3.5 stars.
5	Service was great, food was good, and restaurant was clean and well decorated. The staff still served us breakfast at the start of lunch. We enjoyed the experience!
5	I literally can't express my empty bank accounted frustration of walking in here and seeing all these reviews for 6$ biscuits with bacon jam. BACON. FREAKING. JAM. Ugh please payday come quick because I need to try it. But as for things I could actually pay for, the chicken Sammy is easily one of the best chicken sandwiches I've ever had. Super moist chicken meat and doesn't feel to fatty while eating it.  It's super simple and equally as delicious.  Our waitress was a nice young woman who filled our water glasses practically after each sip. I loved it. I also remembered this place after being at taste of Charlotte this past summer. I was desperate for a bathroom and they were the only place I could find that were gracious enough to allow me a tinkle.  Asbury is both delicious and kind, folks!
3	OK I tried this place again.  I just don't think this place is for me.  The staff is great, the food not so great.  I had a burger and fries and tried the biscuits and bacon jam.  The fries were good but so is mc d's.  The burger     Was grainy the chips burnt and the biscuits were actually dropping power from them.  Bacon jam. Eewwww.  Nuff said.   I don't think a return visit is ever in my future
3	I am from Charleston and my girlfriend and I were in Charlotte for a Panther game and we elected to dine here that weekend after seeing the restaurant on EATER. We were greeted and taken to our seats quickly, we had reservations on a Friday night but it was only about 50% of capacity. We started with a couple of cocktails. They have a decent cocktail and and wine list with a few craft beers. We ordered a bread plate which was an appetizer special and included small dollops of pimento cheese, a garlic butter, and a house made jam. It was a good way to start the meal. We didn't get the biscuits with the famous bacon jam but they looked delicious when served to the adjacent table. I ordered the chicken and dumplings for my entree and it was great. The gnocchi dumplings are more like tiny fried potato cakes then gnocchi. The chicken was moist served with grilled carrots and (pickled?) beets, and it is served a table side au jus application. We ordered a fried okra for the table. This was the weakest item, while battered and fried crispy it was grossly under seasoned and served in a cream fraiche sauce that was also suffering from a fatal lack of seasoning.  I love fried okra and this dish has potential but fell short at our visit. My girlfriend ordered the beef dish which was served as small medallions over a creamy potato. (Think about every beef dish you've ever been served at a wedding.) The temperature was a bit off approaching overcooked and the dish suffered from the same under-seasoning noted with the okra. Overall I would try this place again. Maybe for brunch next time as it appears from reading other reviews they are a bit more consistent with those items.
