5	Called office as a new patient with an a wisdom tooth problem. They said they could get me in that same day and even called later to say I could come in earlier if able! The office staff were very friendly and Dr. Cavendish was a really nice guy. Unfortunately my problem was one that had to be handled by an oral surgeon...but they worked their magic and even though it was already 4pm was able to get me in to see one that same day :) I have been looking for a new dentist, and thanks to an emergency visit I think I have found one!
5	I have found a Dentist!   Havent been to a dentist in a few years- no insurance- so I called a bunch of places for a resonable consult- Dr. Cavendish does consults for free- I only paid $26.00 for a couple of x-rays. I II got a same day appointment and when I got there I was only in the very nice waiting area 2 minutes before they called me in  to be seated.   The quote as to deal with said tooth was very resonable.  Doctor Cavendish is super pleasant, and takes time to explain all options etc.  I can't say enough about his wonderful front and back office staff.  Great experience, and I will go back!
1	I had a cleaning scheduled today for my wife and I.  When I arrived they told me I needed x-rays and an exam at the last minute because it had been a year and a half since I've been in.  I told them I was moving and my new insurance would cover the exam and x-rays so I just wanted the cleanings at $89.95 each rather than $200 each for everything they wanted to do.  I explained the situation and they refused to clean our teeth. I have been coming here for 13 years. I have spent thousands on teeth whitening,  porcelain caps bridges and much more. The dentist that started the practice, Dr. Piakis was one of the nicest and most professional people in the industry. He would never treat his long time customers like this. The warm feeling that this place used to give is gone.  A fish rots from the head down....so sad it's happening to this place.
5	I decided that since it had been over a year and my mom constantly asking why I haven't gone, I went looking for a dentist. He was near my house and they took my insurance, so both excellent qualifiers. When I got to the doctor he was very nice and the entire cleaning took maybe 20 minutes. Wasn't bad at all.
1	I would make sure you check and double check if you are trying to make sure your insurance is in network.  I got stuck with a $100 bill due to this error.  I love when I have to pay for other peoples mistakes.
5	I was traveling through Phoenix and woke up with a tooth abscess.  Found dr Cavendish on Yelp and showed up with no appointment. The front office staff was friendly and very understanding. I was seen within 30 minutes. Unfortunately I needed a specialist and they quicqly worked out an appointment the same day.I highly recommend this office !
