3	What, a gay sports bar?  Isn't that an oxymoron?  Well, I think that the owners would rather refer to their place as a sports bar that just happens to be gay.  (Not that there's anything wrong with that.)  Aside from the small rainbow flag inside it's not THAT obvious (well except for all the gay guys inside).But seriously, this is a legit sports bar with about 10 plasma TVs throughout with a variety of sports - with usually the Suns, D-backs, Cards or ASU/UA on the tube.  The walls show pennants and sports signage galore.  The crowd skews just a tad older than BS (upper 20s and 30s, rather than lower 20s), and attracts the gay sports fans.  Service is always good and quick.  There are a handful of pool tables (my home for a quick game of pool), a few dart boards and one of those new-fangled jukeboxes in the joint.  But best of all Roscoe's has 2-4-1 drinks on Tuesday (and is easily its busiest night), $1 beers on Saturdays and has the electronic console with the hot and heavy Photohunt!!I've never had it, but they also serve bar food (nachos, hot wings, etc.).  Cash only on Tuesdays.
3	This place is much better after the smoking ban took effect...for some reason this place has a terrible ventilation system, and even when I was a smoker I couldn't stand the eye-burning smoky interior.That said, it's fun to go on a Tuesday for 2 for 1...lots of guys and a generally positive environment.  All the TVs tend to be a distraction when everyone is really there just to check out the crowd and drink, although I think on slower days there may be some genuinely sports minded guys.
4	Roscoe's will always occupy a special place in my heart.  It was the first gay bar I went to after arriving in Phoenix nearly eight years ago, and the de rigueur after-practice meeting place during my brief stint with the local gay rugby club.  Good beer, cheap-'n-greasy munchies, darts and pool, and great satellite sports viewing elevate this place to be a good neighborhood hangout, gay or otherwise. The fact that the gay boys ("str8 acting," "iso str8 acting," or "str8 acting-in-training") congregate there is just the icing on the cake.
2	look at me...I'm standing here and i'm boring...look at me...look at me....that seemed to be the general vibe here.nothing special.
3	Am I the only one who thinks Balls would be a great name for a sports bar? But. Here in gay ole Phoenix. We have Roscoes. While they'd like everyone to think it's a sports bar for everyone. Really. It's gay people. Gay as Ross the Intern. As gay as Richard Simmons sparkly, spandex onesies. Gay. Gay. Gay. Rainbow flags. Gay rags by the door. And, well, a sea of psuedo gocks (that's gay/jocks FYI). They offer descent 2 4 1 drink specials on Tuesday. The obligatory "sports" bar furnishings include a couple pools tables, dart boards, pin ball machines and TVs. While I haven't been in a while, the service was always smooth and efficient. Much more than I can say about my talent at billiards. Or darts. Or pinball. But watching TV. I'm pretty good at that. So, put your jockstrap on, face your baseball cap backwards and drink plenty of Bud Lite while cheering on the DBacks. Or. Wait for figure skating season, wear something with sequins, drink Cape Cods and cheer for a Tanya Harding-Nancy Kerrigan rematch.
2	Eh...I really WANT to like this place, but it's become a little run down over the years.  I would jump at the opportunity to go to a "true" gay sports bar, but this place just doesn't cut it.  It really needs to be about 1000 sq feet bigger to achieve the sports bar feel.  Plus they have these really old circa 1991 TV's to watch sports. (A costco run for some LCDs would go a long way here).   Beer is beer. When people play darts the place get's even smaller.  If only they would get the gay sports leaugues to commit to going there on a more regular basis...it's so hit or miss.     This place has SOOOO much potential, but it seems the owners are very happy with the status quo.
2	Picure it. Roscoe's. Saturday night. 11:00. Deadsville USA = Crabby gay ass bartenders. Me and Rickie? All pumped up. Having fun. Celebrating a fantastic evening we had with CeCe Peniston earlier with a couple beers and a round of darts. I won't tell you who won, but he is NOT a fashion designer. While we did have fun, the bar staff was rude, rude, rude. And when you're not even cute, really, there's just no excuse ladies! Sorry I put my Corona on the pool table. I'm sure that's NEVER happened before Mr. Passive Aggressive bartender with the oh so contrived messy hair! Drop the tude and lessen the hair gel.
3	I don't know what it is about this place, but I always have a ridiculous time here. I have no business being in a sports bar. I just don't. But at Roscoes I end up making new friends and embarking on debaucherous (isn't that a real word?) adventures until the wee hours of the morning.Most of the staff are nice. Some are not. Hey, dude, ff you didn't want me to makeout in the bathroom then maayyybe you shouldn't have served me so many blue moons! Just saying.
4	OK. So I was a little put off on a recent visit to Roscoe's. I chose yelp to rant and update my previous positive review. Two words. Chili Cook Off. Wait. I think that's three. Nonetheless I was a judge at Roscoe's chili contest and I have to say I HAD THE BEST TIME EVER! If I'm not invited back next year, I will stalk them until they give me a plastic spoon and 25 cups of chili to savor. The staff was amazing, helpful and very fun. Shout out to David for making me feel instantly welcome as it was a madhouse I tell you. Though I'm still picturing one entrants presentation, which was a toilet bowl, yep, you heard me, a toilet bowl and having gag reflexes, it was a clever way to display his chili. And funny. Did I mention funny? So thanks Roscoe's. You are THE sports bar in town and a great place to hang. P.S. You may want to have a jar of Tums on hand next time!
4	I came here last night with a friend, and the service was awesome.. Our bartenders were so friendly! No waiting for a drink, even though it was quite crowded, and the drinks were strong ( Plus Plus!) and well worth the money.... I will be returning most definitely! Thanks for a great time!
5	I know next to nothing about sports. Nada. Zip. But I had the best time at this gay sports bar! This place is pure fun. The drinks are very strong and the bartender was very cute and friendly. The music was good for it being a sports bar. Strange thing though.... nobody seemed to be actually watching sports on the many televisions located around the bar. Saw somebody eat a nice looking salad next to me. Smelled heavy on the garlic but that may be to taste. I didn't feel out of place at all even though my favorite sport is reading. Just a really fun time that is easy on your wallet. Definitely going to be going back there soon!
4	Setting: Sunday afternoon at a gay sports bar. Diamondbacks game playing on most of the TVs. Nascar on two TVs.[fade in]Server: ...and our special is [inaudible] for a glass or $8 pitcher of Long Island Iced Tea or Tokyo Tea.Bacon B: What's makes it "Tokyo Tea"?Server: It's green. Would you like to have that?Bacon B: Sure. I'll take a glass.Server: What's that?Bacon B: I'll take the glass.Server: What?!Bacon B: Okay, I'll take the pitcher.Server: That's what I thought.[Server returns with pitcher of Tokyo Tea and two chilled glasses. Robert M samples small amount and does not find it to his liking...too sweet. Bacon B samples and finds concoction refreshing. Pours full glass and drinks away. Refills glass again until entire pitcher is consumed.][Later that afternoon in the kitchen at home]Bacon B (inner dialog): I sure am glad we have a sharp knife for cutting this onion. Look how cleanly it cuts these tomatoes. Wow, that sure was sharp; I didn't even feel it cut my thumb. Or my finger. Or my knuckle. Isn't it funny that tomatoes are red and blood is red?[fade out][Next morning in bed]Bacon B: How did I get to bed and where are my underwear?
4	One of my favorite places for a bite to eat.  There aren't many gay establishments that serve food in Phoenix - this is likely the best.  Their sliders (I've had them on four different occasions) are awesome.  Three pool tables, typical sports bar, but with a friendly, eclectic clientele.  Staff are friendly, although a little slow with table service from time to time.  Very open-minded and I've always had a ball in the place, no matter what I'm wearing.
3	A gay sports bar.Ideally, you would think that would have you meet lots of men infused with the male hormone... raging on a goal, a strike or a touchdown.But it was Sunday night, so the flat-screens were laden with beefcake men showering themselves and playing with their tan lines.Really, who is to complain?We got here after Charlie's, because Charlie's was having a drag show and those can get tiring after awhile. Plus, there was the promise of $8 Long Islands... in a pitcher. In Phoenix, it seems everything is happily served in a pitcher.I nestled against the jukebox for some "Fragile" by Kylie and then some Lady GaGa. They have a strict, no slow-songs policy - so my Lady GaGa never got played. I had my Long Island Dirty Shirley style, with some grenadine. And that Shirley was really dirty... It was basically the equivalent of Los Angeles water.To end off, I don't remember a lot of things after this. The train became a wreck, let's just say...
4	Nice place. Alert and friendly staff, fun people,darts, billiards and sports on screen. Also very clean.  Been twice. I live in Glendale so driving is an issue. Took a taxi over a month ago because I assumed they would be showing the ufc fights. No such luck, sports bar anyone?Was a fun night anyway with beer, darts and conversation. Would definately go back.
5	I give this 5 stars cause it is what it is. A gay sports bar. Great to go on game days. Tuesdays are their busiest nights with 2 for 1. They also have some sundays that are busy becuase of the games. Drink prices are reasonable. They have 3 dart boards and 2 pool tables.Side note: They do not take credit cards on tuesdays. Bring cash or there is an ATM on site.
5	For what it is, Roscoe's rocks.  It is a gay sports bar, which is a peculiar concoction.  Lady Gaga or Miley Cyrus or Kelly Rowland playing on the bass while the Dodgers or Sooners or Suns play.  Bizarre at first, but slowly the two pool tables, three dart boards, and 7 or so flat screens grows on you.The atmosphere is chill even on their busy night.  Drinks are cheap and it is always seems to be 2 4 1 time, which makes the drinks even cheaper.  They are generally strong.  No sissy stuff here.  The food is high notch bar fare.  The crowd is sometimes attractive, sometimes old, sometimes female, but the feel is certainly always neighborhood.
5	my friend and i went tanning cross the street and we decided to go get a drink and shoot some pool. We went to Roscoes and it was down the earth and relax kind of bar we were looking for. Walked in and saw a really gorgeous man with a lesbian couple and that what made us stay.We had a lot of fun
4	I'm not some ass face who thinks gay people are vermin and their bars are cesspools of shittyness. I'm open minded, and I have been in here a few times. Roscoe's has everything a good sports bar should have, darts, pool, lots of screens, and a well stocked bar. Sure, they play crap on the radio, but it's what their customers want, and I'm understanding that if I walk into someone elses domain, I have to be prepared to listen to their music. Bartender there is legit. I saw him once at the bar and when he ID'd me, he said "thanks Fred." Two weeks later, I went back and sat at the bar at the same spot, he said I look familiar and guessed my name was Fred. I was pretty damn impressed. They pour rather freely, they have great 2 for 1 specials during the week, and the Buffalo Chicken Pizza is one of my favorite things to eat in town. Overall, Roscoe's isn't a place I would really go to just to hang out... kind of a sausage fest, even more so than most sports bars. They also have music playing over the sports, which is fine for most games but when it's a big game, the TV should take precedence. That all said, Roscoe's is the only gay bar I've ever felt comfortable in. I've been in Amsterdam and Kobalt as well as a few others, and they always make me uneasy after a while. I'm not afraid of being hit on, nor do I care (I'm too scruffy and dirty for a gay bar anyway) if I am, but there are almost always conversations that I'm just not ready to hear. So yeah, Roscoe's is a 3 star bar overall, but I wanted to give it a fourth star for being a gay bar that a straight can feel comfortable sitting in for a while.
1	There's about 10 minutes of things  I like about Roscoe's:  It's a good place to go for darts and a beer, and the music is above average before it gets worse.   With that, I'm already out of things I like, so I suggest you spend no more than that here and leave.   I only went to meet friends, and a good friend at that.  I would have passed any other time.   I order a Stella on draught, served right, even in the Stella glass.  They do know how to serve beer and other alcoholic drinks here, like, in the strictest sense of being able to pour a non-skunked brew or a strong cocktail in the right glass.   Not much else, unfortunately.$4.75, the bartender tells me.  I hand him my Visa.  "It's cash only."   My vision blurs as I strain to quell my irritation as we're already off to a great start.  I should have left right there, but that would have probably been illegal and the Stella looked pretty good.  I take out a $20 from the ATM, the last ATM in Arizona that still dials out. So I spent my time waiting looking for skimmers because nobody else would have noticed one in a place this cheap.   I like paying $5 in fees for a $5.75 beer.   I really do.   (With tip, as its not his fault his job sucks.)As I find out, I pulled the last $20 out of the ATM before it *ran out of money.*  If I intended on pulling more out to lessen the 25% tax on my cash, I would've been doubly irritated.  So when the bartender switches the policy from "cash only" to "we take plastic" after I just went out of my way and money to comply...I didn't know there was another reason I don't want to go back but the morons who run this place figured one out.  The stale-beer-and-sweat smell was getting to me by the time my friend needed a cigarette.   But forget seeking your respite on their "patio."    Their "patio" is more like a planemullkip, a word I had to just make up from the German translation for "a tarp stretched over a garbage dump."  No prior English word better describes this pathetic joke--It smells worse outside, there's no furniture, but there is plenty of garbage and you can't even take your drink out.Maybe it's intentional--they've duplicated being just as cheap, annoying, and lazy on the outside as they have inside.   The tiny bathroom that forces everyone to watch you take a dump is just like the rest of the place:  all the charm and appeal of a rural county lock-up, right down to the same suicide-proof sheet-metal toilet.  Even if you get off on this sort of thing despite the many inherent travesties, go elsewhere.  Incidentally, I really like setting my coaster on top of my drink and adjusting it so just in case one of the creepy trolls here GHB's my drink, I'll notice.A use permit is something like $500 from the city for outdoor alcohol  consumption, and they might pay that much in fencing.   Instead, I just I don't get it.  I first went here 7 years ago and I can tell they've made about $300 in capital improvements since then, all from Goodwill.Outside lives a $30 heater, they have a $150 website, and $100 for a used LCD or two.   One of the LCDs was displaying a completely different faded illegible picture than the one on the same channel next to it, putting the rampant cheapness here in striking contrast to the one new thing that worked--the jukebox probably wasn't theirs and didn't work either.   Who even knew you could get a website from Goodwill?The last $20 they must have spent is for the annoying plastic flaps they hang on the back door to lessen their AC bills. This place reeks of cheap.  And not in a good way like a cheap beer, the sort of thing I'll tolerate a lot for.  Roscoe's is cheap like "you've got to be kidding me" cheap or "the smell just made me throw up in my mouth" cheap, both of which negate any benefit of cheap beer. Rocoe's survives on two things:  being the one gay sportsbar in town and being the one thing to do on a Tuesday night.   So I give it a 2 out of 10.  It covers its bases, but that's it.   I'll say it a third time.Even if you like that sort of thing, just go elsewhere.
3	Total dive and kinda seedy.  But I like that.You're not paying anyone to mop the bathroom.  Seriously.They've got pretty good drink specials and the people that work there are generally pretty nice.Friday evenings they have this creepy dancer thing going on.  With "strippers" that don't strip.  I would avoid Fridays if possible because the dancers try to force you into the back room for paid sessions...unless that's your thing.
4	I liked Roscoes, and who can complain about 2-for1 drinks?they played a interesting video mix of music, Lady Gaga, Britney, Madonna, J-Hudsome guy stood behind my date and stared at me, it was wierd. I think he might have thought I was a drag queen. "No honey these boobs are real"Other than that, was a comfortable vibe.
3	We were told by a friend that Roscoes on Seventh was a chill place to hang out. We are always looking for new places on our side of town to check out so we thought we would give it a whirl. This friend specifically said that for a guy bar it is chill, chill as in a straight couple can walk in and it's not weird and we would have a good time. Well, within the first 5 seconds of walking in I was ready to call this friend up and say "Wrong!" First of all, we walked in and I swear it should have been one of those scenes in a movie where the biker walks in the bar and the juke box screeches to a halt and everyone stares at him.... yeah that almost happened. Every guy watched us walk from the door to the bar. I almost wanted to leave, but I was thirsty and didn't really care that much. The bar really is fun and has good music playing and I can tell it would be a fun spot to watch some football in a few months.... aside from the stares the entire time we were there, we did have a good time. The bartender (only one of them, the other avoided us like the plague) was super nice and chatty. I imagine that once we left a roar of applause came over the bar, "The straights are gone the straights are gone!"I am not sure if we will be back, but its defiantly worth checking out once.
5	I absolutely love this place!  Best Bloody Mary Bar on Sundays!!!  Great Service, yummy food and a great place to hang out.  Plus 2 for 1 drink nights!  BONUS!
5	Roscoe's is THE ONLY sports bar of all the gay bars in Phx.  Honestly, we are friends with more bartenders & servers here than other establishments, so we may be a little biased.  Its a relaxed atmosphere that picks up during big game days/nights & late evenings.The grill food is yummy.  Some consider the male strippers on Friday nights a little awkward, especially for the fact that there's a handful of solitary non-social women that come in to occupy a bar stool & drink water....
3	I had a burger & fries.  Good service, good food but too expensive.  They even charged me for requested BBQ sauce, kinda offensive.
4	I've always had a blast here!I am not a gay man. My female friends are not gay men. And the Fantastic Mr. It's Complicated is not a gay man. Yes, Roscoes is a gay bar. But I've always been made to feel welcome, no matter who I am there with.The drinks are consistent with a well stocked full bar, service is quick, bathroom is clean (the ladies' room, anyway!) and they've done a nice job of putting together the smoking patio out back.On the most recent visit (Sunday late morning about a week ago), food was part of the game plan. I was a little nervous about bar food - especially right after waking up  - with only alcohol in my belly. (Don't judge!)Fantastic Mr. It's Complicated and I opted to split the breakfast plate with scrambled eggs, bacon, sausage, hash browns and rye toast. It was a good decision since it was a lot of food. But - it was so good, I resented having to share it! The eggs, bacon, sausage and toast were all well prepared and tasty - but those hash browns - WOW! Fresh, crispy and so flavorful. Among the best hash browns I've ever had. I took two turns at the build your own Bloody Mary bar - one of my favorite things about Sundays brunch! Sure - I could rave about the drink - but to get one like it, you'd have to invite me and buy me one - I'd be happy to make one for you, too!Our other companion (coincidentally, a gay man) had an order of the chicken wings.THEY.ARE.HUGE. I don't know that I've seen chicken wings that plump and meaty - and they smelled great!Not too many sports bars put a lot of energy into serving good food - and maybe that's the advantage of getting grub at a gay bar?No matter - whether for a quick drink, rounds of birthday shots with the girlfriends, or a football playoff Sunday brunch - I am definitely a fan of Roscoe's!
3	Nice dive bar... usually older crowd.
2	I've been here before and received the same dismal and uninterested service both times. Sad. Our group was here for Sunday NFL breakfast and though the Bloody Mary bar looked tempting, no one imbibed. We went for the beer specials, which were good. The breakfast burrito was also tasty, but I seriously cannot get past your horrible horrible service.
4	I've always liked this place. Never liked the bathroom tho. Not sure why bigger girls with stomach issues seem to prefer the stall with no door, but that's been my experience. It's gross to scoot/climb around the knees of some portly chick doing the devils work when all I need is to get to the sink. Other than that, always had fun. We went for the chili cook off, which was fun. There were about 30 booths, most with chili and salsa to sample. The $10 tasting kit came with 10 cups, hardly enough if I wanted to try all, but most booths had chips to use if you didn't have cups (or a tasting kit - waste of $). Regardless, still a good time. I love roscoes and will go back, but really wish they would do something about the bathroom. OH and stainless steel toilets are ice fucking cold on girl bums!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
1	I wish you could give 0 out of 5 stars.  This was one of my favorite bars... Loved coming here because it is the only gay "spots bar" in the valley but will NOT return after the awful service we received.  After ordering drinks and reading the menu we noticed our server had left.  We waited for 15 mins before going up to the bar to request service.  Seems weird that he just left without saying anything, especially giving the fact we opened a tapI asked another server at the bar if he was taking over for our server. He replied "yes, be there when I can".  After about 10 more minutes he came to our table.  He was pretty aggressive and it was very obvious he was not happy about having to serve our table.   He asked "what do you guys want".  We ordered and after he asked how we would be paying. I told him we had a card already open.  At that point he just walked AWAY.  Didn't read our order back, didn't ask if we needed new drinks (my beer was completely empty), didn't thank us for ordering... he just walked away. He continued to serve people around us.  He stopped to check his phone serval times but never came by to ask if we wanted more drinks.  We waited for twenty minutes, our food never came and our server never returned.  I closed out with the bar tender, who seemed oblivious to what was going on and we left.  Will Never Return.
3	Ehhhh. Crappy pool tables and sticks. Disconnected and/or untrained bartenders. Two for one beers was nice. ATM didn't work. Left after the free beer. Very girly adult crowd; nothing like watching forty somethings engaged in a Brittany impression battle from across the bar.
2	I've only been here twice. It's a very cheap place to have a drink. Which is good.They must not make enough money to run the A/C because it is so hot in there and they have a big fan running instead. The pizza I had didn't impress me. It tastes like cheese substitute that comes from a bag. The bar is very dated and not in a charming divey way but in an economically depressed way. The bar feels dirty and I imagine it looks worse with bright lights. Good thing it's dark.I never come here and I won't likely be a regular.
4	As a straight guy, Roscoes isn't my usual kind of place.  But hey, the beer is cold, the food is good, and after the first Blue Moon, I started getting into the idea of watching Michigan State football while listening to Rhianna.  The breakfast burrito yesterday was tasty and cheap, as were the Bloodys.  Straight or gay, it's a nice neighborhood place.
1	The rudest bartender in Phoenix! Will not be back!  Went for Monday night football and he didn't have the sound on because he was too busy.  What? It's a "sports bar" what a jerk
