3	I came by this location right before closing time to order a bunch of fried chicken for my friends.  They were out of a lot of stuff, but the guy was nice enough to throw in what he could.  Chicken was delicious, though.  Worth the drive over the KFC that was around the corner.
3	Pretty good. I've tasted better, but those little corn side things are yummy. I wish they'd get some gizzards... or at least some buzzards.
3	I will tell you why they only got 3 stars....here it goes the food was good...the chicken was great...but they didnt have fries or corn on the cob...it was like they were out of a lot of stuff...I was like maybe I shouldnt come here at night but damn it was dinner time...how can you be out of french fries...they are so easy to make...come on!!!  Then he wants to give me some peppers to make up for it...come on buddy...a $0.40 peppers is to make up for your inconvience...umm no! what an insult....Will I ever be back...yes..because of the chicken...but one more visit like this and I am done.I think I am coming back only b/c the chicken was really good...or maybe because I am black and I am predisposed to loving Fried Chicken...I donno lol
4	This place is horribly good...Went here a few weeks ago, got the spicy, came home and had a few bloody marys with this greasy chicken.  I hardly ever eat fried chicken but this place most likely will change my mind.  i can appreciate other reviews about this place but i think that if a place is running out of stuff, i would think that its because it's so good, right? Workers there worked hard and were super nice.
2	I was really excited to go here since I've craved it for so long and because the last time I tried to go here ended up being a super fail attempt..So why the two stars?Service was WHACK. I know I'm not coming here to get fine dining service but damn, can a girl get some hot sauce and ketchup? My boyfriend and I came here and got 10pc bucket, some biscuits, and a side of coleslaw. When we had questions while ordering (prices, etc.), all the guy who took our order would do was point to the menu and shake his head. I swear, I did not hear his voice at all until he announced the total price. Although we got the order pretty quickly, NOT ONLY did they not ask us if we wanted the chicken original or spicy, they also didn't ask if we wanted condiments, napkins, or even a fork for the coleslaw! They might as well should've left out the top and straw for my drink too! It took us at least 15 minutes to get it. I think these problems could have easily been avoided if there were a station set up already with that stuff, but then again the place is also pretty small.If those biscuits weren't ON POINT, I would've given this place 1 star. It made me so sad :(
2	It is what it is people. Crap food. I spent $1.99 on a 2pc Tuesday special. Comes with mash and a bisquit. Everything is mediocre but then again I didn't come here for the outstanding quality of food. The guy at the counter hates me cause I asked for ketchup and a fork and I payed for my food with change. I hate him too. All in all cheap and crappy!
4	We have tried a couple of other locations and always come back to this one. The manager is a really nice person.+1.If you like fried chicken give this location a try. It is way above the others.The only downside is that some of the staff don't understand my English accent at all.
5	GOOOOOD chicken here!!! Crispy, juicy, tasty and ALWAYS HOT !!! Unlike popeyes and KFC. THE BEST FRIED CHICKEN YOU CAN GET IN THE WEST COAST!!!
1	God freakin awful!!There were four tables and three of them were filthy, thats never a good sign.  The staff was friendly but the chicken tenders were fried too light, the chicken was salty, and the rest of the sides left a lot to be desired.  I now understand why the ones in my hometown all closed.
4	Yum! Definition of comfort food.Ok so I am not a big fan of fast food, and though I looove chicken fingers I am kinda picky about em (no thanks KFC). But Church's is one of those exceptions.Their chicken fingers are awesome because they come in spicy and traditional yay! They are long and covered with yummy crispy batter. On top of that, they have of my all time favorite foods: cheese bombers. Deep fried cheese and jalapeno filled fritters mmm.  Yeah so if your on a diet jus stay far away.Unfortunately for whatever, reason all the Church's in town (with the exception of rainbow/robindale location) are all extremely run down looking. I don't know why but it seems like the owners do not spend any money on upkeep. Oh well, just pretend it adds to the novelty of the experience.
4	This is the last stop for the MN crew!! CHURCH'S CHICKEN BAAAAABY! I'm like YOU GOTTA TRY THE SPICY CHICKEN! They are closed so we hit the drive thru. Anyway, I know this chicken is damn good. It's juicy and spicy and they have good corn and mashed potatoes with gravy. NOM. GET IT!
5	I love Church's Chicken the food is amazing far better than Popeyes and KFC definitely my favorite chicken place.
4	Church's chicken is my favorite place to go when I am craving chicken this particular location is good the service is great and the customer service is always top notch in my honest opinion church's chicken is way better then KFC and on top of that you get a better deal with Churchs then you do with KFC and there mash potatoes are way better then KFC along with the biscuits love it I plan on going back to Churchs again when I start craving chicken again lol.
4	I walked in last week and asked to place four orders of 20 piece mixed, one 10 piece dinner and one order for me to eat while there. Oh and 8 orders of the 5 jalapenos for $1.something.The cashier walked to the back after explaining to me, he had to talk to his manager. She came up front with a pleasant demeanor and explained as long as I didn't mind waiting 30 minutes, that they would be able to complete my order.My order was cooked fresh and they pushed it out fast. All the while, they servicied other customers and had their orders ready in a timely manner.They were polite and courteous and very helpful. They did suggest that if I have a big order for the future that I can call it in ahead of time. But none the less, they serviced my needs and provided great excellent service.The chicken was hot and fresh and everyone at my job was a happy camper. And as I happily munched away on fried okra while waiting for my chicken, I was a happy camper myself.
4	What I love most about this place is their biscuits and cheap prices. Biscuits are the best I've had, crispy sweet top with a soft inside, soooo good. Chicken has a very crispy crust. I got the 5 piece with two biscuits for only $5... Such a deal for two people.
3	Typical chicken. Service was not so great and the spacing to sit in here is very small.Location is great but pulling in and pulling out is so hard due to Spring Mnt road being so busy.
3	So I get here and I hear oh we are out of spicy, so my first thought after working in food industry for four years is it happens. I order the original and sit down with friends. All tables dirty, floor is dirty, but ok fast food on a Sunday in Vegas area I understand. Except it is 11:45 when we got here and it is 12:30 now. I'm sorry you said ten minutes for spicy I order original and then you ran out and tell me ten minutes like 20 ago. Other people behind me getting chicken before me. I'm sorry but no, I have had better in Long Beach after church let out on a Sunday rush.Fix your staffing issues please.Food was delicious.
5	Just downright good greasy food.Honey biscuit is just sickenly good. Better than Popeye's chicken, which is damn good in my opinion.
