4	Put aside the jovial name, these guys are serious about beef. Their devotion pays dividends as the various cuts of beef on offer are all top quality. Although the prices of fillet steaks often limit the choice to a 'special occasion' their stewing steaks and burgers are pretty reasonably priced and after my attempt at a heart beef stew using their offerings, I was thoroughly satisfied. Apparently you can buy their products online including some 'Well hung and tender' boxer shorts...criminal!
5	I first discovered this amusingly named business when I visited the Edinburgh Farmers Market and they had a stall which was giving away small pieces of cooked beef, and from that moment I was hooked.This business knows thier beef about beef - and it really shows. I bought some mini steaks and sausage from their stall and it was some of the nicest meat I had ever tasted.I also know that they do a whole host of other meats,all of which are the same high quality as the beef.
4	Oh, the innuendo! It makes me cringe, but I do love a bit of it.All joking aside, Well Hung and Tender do some nice rumps. They pride themselves on organic feeding for the cows and it shows since the meat is delicious. It makes good beef for a Sunday roast, and for the quality of it it's not even that pricey.You feel spoiled when you purchase meat from here, but this is just what good meat tastes like. When you become used to the bland supermarket crap you forget that beef can taste so good, but this is really what it should taste like. As the guys have said it's great for special occasions but I'd rather shop in here every Sunday than spoil my appetite with the run of the mill high street cuts.
5	I love a good steak, and so understandably am a huge admirer of this shop with it's Carry-On style name and huge choice of freshly slain cow's remains. There's everything from t-bones to sirloins and porterhouses down to burgers and sausage if you're in a thrifty mood.It's all excellent quality and not even particularly expensive, so if you're serious about your meat then it really is a must visit. Short of sneaking into a field at night and hacking a cow to death yourself, it really is the best in town.
