4	We get sushi delivered from here almost every Friday. Excellent quality sushi and sashimi. But the menu is thankfully more diverse than other sushi places in the area, i.e. you can get tempura, gyoza, edamame, miso soup etc. So the whole family can get what they like. Favorite item: Combo D'Amour.Some complaints: they often strangely run out of chicken for the gyoza. Also, the tempura arrives typically soggy instead of crispy, so we've started to leave that off our order.
4	Hello. My husband and I really love the sushi from this place. Our favorites: Tori Maki (chicken tempura), Vegi Maki, and avocado. We are always happy with every delivery. My one major concern however stems from our last delivery experience, very recently. My husband and I both answered the door for delivery and the delivery man was clearly intoxicated with cocaine. He was sniffing almost every second and twitching - it really could not have been more obvious. We like the restaurant, but this is very disturbing to me.
3	Finally got to go here after ages of trying to get organised. I'm really glad I tried it, and would have given more stars if the service was bit better.Firstly, let me say that the sushi is great here. The rolls are big, and the nigiri sushi is good sized and nicely done. It's pretty good compared to any of the other sushi places I've been in Montreal, and great when you consider it's an all-you-can-eat place. The decor is nothing special, but that's not something that really bothers me when the food's good - and it's good here.We came nice and hungry so that we'd get he most out of our meal, but unfortunately the service was really slow. The servers were really nice and helpful, but the food took ages to come out. From what I hear from friends who go there regularly, it's completely normal. It didn't help that they waited to bring out most of the table's orders at the same time (there were six of us). While I appreciate the effort, this isn't fine dining - it's ALL YOU CAN EAT sushi.The Chef's Special (lightly fried chicken) is a great way to start, and the tempura was really good too. If you order too much and don't eat it all you might get charged an excess fee, but we had a few pieces left over (about 6, after ordering 50 pieces) and it wasn't and issue.Overall I'd recommend it (especially if it's convenient for you/in your 'hood), but just be aware that it might take a while.
3	Sushi Mou-Shi is a sushi enigma. It's hit-or-miss. They have some really nice rolls, but the service is so terribly slow and they are often out of key sushi ingredients. The number of delivery orders that were prepared wrong was incomprehensible. I wish I could rate this place higher, but they just don't deserve it.
4	This place has the best sushi I've found in Montreal so far, at really good prices.  Their rolls are really innovative (for example the Hawaiian has shrimp, pineapple and tempura flakes...I wouldn't have thought anyone could pull off pineapple in sushi but I was pleasantly surprised!) and their seaweed salad was wonderful---not salty, and came with several types of seaweed and a green salad underneath with a great dressing.  Their all you can eat menu on week nights is around $20, so it's very reasonably priced (even if you go a-la-carte).  Service is a bit slow, however (thus the 4 star review instead of 5), but I thought it was definitely worth the wait.
2	I was there last week, and ordered a roll with eel in it, but it was really fishy. Like, smelly fishy.  I didn't eat the eel part, and when the waitress came, I told her I thought it wasn't fresh.  She assured me it was, "that's just how the eel tastes." I told her I had ordered that roll there before and it was very different. She told me they just switched eel buyers.  This was the first time I came without friends, and so I noticed more about the place as I wasn't distracted by conversation.  The ceiling is stained.  The bathroom floor is sticky.  I was trying to decide if it was a place I would feel comfortable bringing my parents when they visit, and wasn't so sure.I don't think I'll be back.
4	The all you can eat menu comprises of a starters section, maki and sushi list. Really concise and simple, Sushi Moushi doesn't try to be fancy and the food represents that fact - simple and honest food. The chefs rolls their maki rolls to order (imagine that!). This explains when you order a roll, you're getting five or eight pieces - depending on the roll. They assure freshness as opposed to the other places where you order by the piece; this is a bit disconcerting to think that there are maki rolls sitting around waiting to be sliced and served according to the orders that come in.Please remember, when ordering from the all you can eat menu, order what you're able to eat, otherwise you'll be charged for being a glutton. We're pros at the all you can eat sushi game, we ordered once and it was perfect, whaaaaat.
3	This restaurant is permanently closed. I told Yelp, they didn't believe me, so I'm telling you directly. Try Kanda around the corner on Queen Mary.
5	I went here last night for a family outing and was very impressed! I was a bit worried after seeing another reviewer say they are permanently closed, but this is not the case!!! They have moved a few doors down and are now located at 5209 Decarie.Although they are no longer an AYCE place, they have upped their game as far as decor and it's definitely more high end than before. They have reasonable prices, and great selection. We tried at least three of the specialty sushis and I loved them all! I wish I could remember what my favourite was called, but it was one of the only ones that only has two pieces if that helps...The sushi was fresh, the wasabi was much better than at most places and they had some great music playing (which is important to me). Last but definitely not least the server was very polite and attentive. It was a great dining experience and I will definitely be back!
