5	Went hiking here in January and loved it! It is located in the McDowell Sonoran Preserve (access to the Lost Dog Wash Trail is from here also).The view is truly beautiful! It is well worth the hike. The trail is moderate  in difficulty with beautiful views along the whole way. There are many photo opportunities throughout the hike and dogs are welcome. Don't forget the water, sunscreen and protein bars : )
5	I love to hike Sunrise Trail, but my favorite is the backside of the mountain (to get there, you just drive all the way east on Via Linda until the road ends at the gated community). There's enough people out hiking that you don't feel completely alone out there, but I've never had trouble getting a spot in their little parking lot. (A nice departure from the craziness of Camelback and Piestewa Peak). The backside of the mountain is a shorter, but steeper hike than the other trail. There are gorgeous views of Phoenix, Scottsdale, and Fountain Hills (you can see the Fountain Hills fountain going off in the distance). This time of year is especially beautiful when the wildflowers are in bloom.
5	Sunrise Trail is really fabulous.  Not too crowded...not too out of the way.  The trail to hike is Lost Dog Trail or the the one near it.  It is beautiful, steep and a great workout.   The trail on 136th is like walking in a huge wash for miles and miles and then you hit the boulders and the rocks that you must scale...it gets difficult...I don't suggest that one.I bring my dog Biggins...I pick up his poo...a lot of people don't and that part was disappointing...so if you bring your pup bring a bag and be willing to carry it back down ...please:)
5	Awesome trail for the whole family, not treacherous like camelback. A very healthy steady incline with great relaxing views.
4	Sunrise Trail was a breath of fresh air.  There are two main trailheads, the Lost Dog Wash and the Sunrise Access Area.  I chose the Sunrise Access Area as it is listed in 60 in 60 as being the more difficult.  It was a really nice trail, well manicured; one of the best I have seen in the area.  Starting from the well appointed parking area off 136th and Via Linda, which by the way, includes multiple water fountains and doggie bags, I was rather excited to see what the trail offered.  Unlike other trails in the area, Camelback, Peralta and Piestewa, this trail doesn't have any chest thumping sections, so it is probably easier than the moderate rating it receives.  I was a little dissapointed to see so many blue "doggie doo-doo" bags sitting on the trail.  I can only hope that the owner is going to get the bags on the way out?  The hike to the top took just under an hour and the hike down was less than 45 minutes.  The views were nice.  The summitt is about 300 feet higher than Camelback/Piestewa and offered vast views of the valley.  As the 60 in 60 book suggests, clear views of 4 Peaks, Weaver's Needle, Camelback and Piestewa are available.  All in all, a nice hike, beautifully well kept.  Great trail for the family.
5	This trail is near my parents house and have only hiked here a few times. It's a beautiful park, this is not too difficult of a hike so everyone can do it!  The view is amazing because there are other cool mountains surrounding this area. The name, Sunset Trail, really does fit the park.
4	I've lived here for several years now and it took a friend from another part of town to tell me about this trail.  Checked it out and the views are great.   It's a hidden gem... for now.
3	I loved this trail when I first started hiking it. But now, no. Maybe it's the time of year that brings out all of these God forsaken GNATS, or maybe I'm just too sweet for my own good but I swear to God I can't stand all the GNATS. The trail itself starts out easy, slow and steady incline with a beautiful view of the mountain in front of you. About 2-3 miles in it gets steadily steeper. Beyond the four mile mark you'll encounter slightly narrower and rockier terrain. You will lose cell service (verizon), which to me is a good thing! I'm hiking to get away from you people! There is a healthy supply of wildlife: birds, chipmunks, rabbits, snakes, BUGS. And of course during the spring, it's quite verdant and beautiful. I always notice an excellent breeze between the peaks as well. Again, though, the thing that is keeping my away from this trail for good is the horrible gnats. If you can jog the entire trail, they'll stay away, but move at a pace any less than a jog and they swarm you. I can't stand that. I literally look like I'm have a seizure swatting away the little bastards. And so, in conclusion, I love the trail, it's beautiful and an excellent work out, but I can't take the bugs.
5	One of our favorite hikes in the area. Sunrise is usually not too busy and the path is easy to follow but moderate. The peak has breathtaking views of the Estrella Mountains.
5	This hike is gorgeous! It's pretty steep. I wouldn't suggest this hike to a beginner. There are some spots of loose gravel so be careful! If you hike from the parking lot to the peak, it's about 2.6 miles each way.The trail is in North Scottsdale and from the peak you can see Camelback, South Mountain, A Mountain, The Four Peaks and other various ranges in all directions. It's truly a breathtaking view. You may even see some wildlife and the Fountain Hills fountain. Make sure you bring:Lots of waterA snackA cell phone and/ or cameraWear appropriate shoes because it will really effect how you feel on your hike and your chances of preventing injuries. Try athletic shoes with good tread or hiking boots for the best results. Have fun!
4	The hike was really beautiful.  I didnt know how steep the trail was when I decided to go on a hike there.  Even though it was alot harder than I anticipated I still enjoyed it. I wouldnt recommend for a beginner but definitely worth checking out.
5	Gorgeous, not too busy, easy to follow, great views.. I love this trail. Close to home but feels like I'm thousands of miles away.
5	Beautiful trail with amazing views. We hiked from the Sunrise trailhead to the top of Sunrise peak, a little over 2 miles each way and up about 1100'. The trail is well marked and has views in every direction. Bring water and a camera. HIGHLY recommend.Good trail map of the area: http://www.experiencescottsdale.com/wp-content/uploads/2012/06/TrailMap_lores.pdf
5	It's one of the prettiest hikes in the McDowell's. It may be the shortest way to Sunrise Peak, which has a breathtaking view of the Valley. There's chilled water at the trail head for humans and animals. It's shady from about 3:00 on, which is a plus on a hot afternoon.
5	Easy and quick. The best part is if you are stretched for time you can go halfway to the first marked lookout spot and still experience a great view. Hikers of any level can make it all the way to the top and the views of scottsdale and fountain hills are outstanding. It's well traveled but not a busy trail. You can go and see only a handful of groups. Great trail to hit up if you want some peace and quiet that is close to town.
4	Hiked this for the first time this morning. I've done Lost Dog in the past and my favorite is the Gateway Loop access area off of Thompson Peak. This was a good hike, small parking lot but beautiful views and friendly folks. A bit narrow for my liking. We reached the hitching post and turned around, which was about 4 miles total.
5	This is an outstanding hike.  Just 30 minutes to the overlook with a fine view.  The trail itself features so many beautiful varieties of cacti.
