5	GREAT CHINA: This location was formerly known as Grand China II. It seems like the whole Grand China chain has either closed or changed hands; at least on the West side of town. My friends and I went to Great China at 7045 Ann Road today for lunch and were very pleased. The decor still says "Grand China" in some places but it seems like it's been refurbished, cleaned and brightened (especially the men's room).The menu says that the original executive chef of Grand China is now back and running Great China. The lunch specials were very good and provided ample variety at a reasonable price. The service was very attentive. We will be going back soon for dinner as all the entrees we tried at lunch were excellent. Give it a try.
5	As previously noted we did go back for dinner with four friends. In addition to beverages,  soup, appetizers and rice we tried a variety of entrees including General Tso's chicken, Mongolian beef, shrimp in black bean sauce, Hong Kong noodles, twice cooked pork and a specially prepared to our requested recipe pork fried rice. All were excellent. The bill with tax and a 25% tip for very attentive service was $120 or $20/person.
5	Watch out for a blonde lady that will probably write a terrible review. I was observing her childish behavior while trying to enjoy lunch with my parents today. She was yelling and demanding free items and threatening the manager to go somewhere else that gives her free things down the street (she was only ordering three things and an appetizer). The manager agreed to give her something free and she still wasn't happy.  She then accused the manager of charging her too much and was talking to him like a three year old. The male that was with her said nothing and did nothing but stare at her causing a scene. What a pansy! This place is great! The food is delicious, the service is great, and the lunch special is a lot of food for a cheap price! ($5-7). It's even available on weekends until 4pm.The place is very clean, despite the sort of tacky turquoise casino theme on the booths. I come here often with my mom and we always order the Kung pao chicken and the cashew chicken lunch specials. I order the cashew chicken spicy or ask for the chile sauce on the side. The hot and sour soup and egg drop soup are both delicious, but are a bit thick (gelatinous), most likely from a cornstarch thickener or whatever they use.  The lunch special entrees are about half protein and half vegetables (which I like), and the Mongolian beef is just beef, white onions, and scallions. All lunch specials come with fried rice or chow mein, a cup of egg flower or hot and sour soup, and a spring roll.I will definitely keep returning, and hope that they continue to provide delicious cheap Chinese food.
4	Now called Great China!This Grand China at W. Ann Road is now under new management and it was pretty good the last 2 times I have been there; within 2 weeks. They have also renamed it to Great China and lowered the prices on their lunch specials.  I think my Kung Pao Chicken, rice, eggroll and hot-n-sour soup was $5.45  The food was good, service much better and it is very clean inside.  This is a big improvement from half a year ago when the prior owners had started to let the place really go down hill.I am glad the new owners have come in and turned the place around because I was craving a good place to get my Chinese out on the NW side of town.
4	If you were a fan of the original restaurant (Grand China) when it first opened,  and not in recent years, this place deserves your return business.  Under new management and the original chef, the food is once again really good.  I have enjoyed Pepper Steak and General Tso's Chicken and both were a good portion size, tasty and average price.  I look forward to trying other items on the menu.Great China does not have a web site so their menu is not yet online.  I just told the friendly lady on the phone what I wanted and she matched it to their menu.
1	Great china wasn't so great. We paid over 40 dollars for food that did not get all of the food and the taste was not good at all. Will stick with china a go go
4	More like the early days of Grand China when the food was good, instead of the disaster they became later on.We've eaten in and had delivery now, and the only thing that wasn't great was the shrimp in my chow mein, I'll definitely order chicken in the future.No worries about where to sit, they're not overcrowded ;)
5	Great tasting food at cheap price.  Love their Orange Chicken and House Fried Rice.  Found their menu online  www.greatchinalv.com
1	Just left the restaurant. If I could give it less than a one star I would. Simply it sucks, big time. The Hot and Sour soup was absolutely the worst I have ever had anywhere on 3 continents! Cross this one off your list. Only 5 people in the restaurant and the cook was hanging out at the check stand. The right side of the restaurant was used to store carry out bags and boxes.AVOID at all costs!DO NOT CONFUSE the trash of 'Great China' with the Original GRAND CHINA restaurant which was and still is great. They relocated to Farm/Durango and still are terrific.
5	I called in an order expecting a not so good experience based on many of the previous posts. The last time we ordered from this restaurant the good was sub-par. However, after ordering Mongolian beef (with $2 extra beef for my hubby), house chow fun and house fried rice ... we were more than pleasantly surprised. The food was OUTSTANDING !!! Delivery was fast and the food was great. We will be regulars !!!!
5	We stopped in for lunch after seeing the 4 star review on yelp. The food was good and very fresh. We decided to try this place after having two bad meals at Grand China.
3	General to chicken not real spicy without asking works for us but the broccoli garnish was frozen...Curry is fine for casual dining....Would repeat for the lunch special probably. ..
2	I should've known better than to come here, but I was out running errands, was starving and saw this place as I drove out of the nearby CVS. The restaurant looks like an older run down place serving up Americanized Chinese food. The whole time I was sitting inside and reading the menu I felt unsure if I really wanted to eat here but I told myself I should at least try it since I was there. I ordered a beef chow fun to go since it's kind of hard to mess that dish up so I figured I was safe. When my order was ready it was handed to be in a bag where I noticed they didn't provide utensils or chopsticks but I was too lazy to go back in since I was already in the car. Strike 1. When I opened the box I noticed that the portions were way smaller than most other Chinese places while they are charging a full entree price ($8.50-10.00)  for everything including the beef chow fun. Strike 2. The beef was fully cooked but had a weird taste to it and the dish overall just seemed bland. Strike 3. I would not recommend this place at all and even Panda Express would be a better choice since their food has more flavor. This place also has a $20 card minimum so bring cash if you're not going to be spending over 20 bucks, which I'm sure is not hard to do here.
1	Last time I ordered to go, I got the chow mein noodles instead of fried rice. When I got home, I opened my box to find literally chow mein noodles. No sauce, no veggies, nothing on the noodles. They basically boiled the noodles in water then placed in the box. Okay.... so I went back today. Got the lunch special. The chicken with mixed vegetables was good, but only the vegetables. The chicken was soggy and slimy and just not good. The fried rice was fried rice with egg. No vegetables. The service is also really strange and awkward. Time to find a new restaurant.
2	This is ok. Nothing really bad to say but nothing very good either. It's a very average Chinese restaurant. If I'm in the mood for something slightly above Panda Express quality then I come here. They have nicely priced lunch specials which I enjoyed.
5	It's nice Chinese restaurant in Las Vegas. Everyone should go there to try some good things
4	This is a Chinese joint that delivers!  Hells yea!  Unless you are from China or have lived in a legit Chine Town, like in N.Y., Chicago, or San Fran, then you will enjoy what they have to offer.  Granted, in Vegas you can find much more exotic dishes, but as far as a family establishment, you can't go wrong here.
