5	My daughter has been going there since she was 2. We love the family-like atmosphere as well as the staff. It is so comforting to know that when I drop my daughter off, she is in good hands. The staff i well qualified and continue their education every year. This school has been a big part of our lives and could not have asked for a better school experience.
5	What an UNBELIEVABLE school. Everyone from Mr. Chuck, the school administrator to the teachers and the support staff. They are all top notch. They really love and care for the children. It is not like one of these dirty, germ infested facilities where you drop your child off, worried whether or not they are being cared for properly and then all they do all day with your child is play sandbox all day. There is a real curriculum here for the students.In the two years that my son attended this school, I saw him grow beyond my expectations. When he bagan first grade, his abilities were far superior to the rest of his classmates. I attribute this to his time at Seton Academy. THE BEST!!!!!!!!!!!!My only complaint and many share this veiw: I wish Seton Academy continued at least to the 6th grade. We miss everyone there.
5	We love Seton Academy and are so thoroughly impressed with everything they do! Like others have said, the teachers, the administrators, the facilities, are all wonderful! They really treat your children like family. We feel so lucky to have found this school!
5	My daughter loves it here!  The staff is great and super friendly!  I can't say enough about this school.  The teachers are wonderful and the office staff is great too!  They do extra activities for the kids like Santa Pictures, Pony rides/pictures, Smokey the Bear even came!  Pizza Fridays are always fun, and it seems like every parent there appreciates what they do and it shows.  When you're paying good money for your child to go to preschool, you expect top-notch and that's what you get.  No parents letting wild and crazy kids run around in parking lot, tantrums, etc.  Not saying public school kids or parents are all bad, but I live by a public elementary school and I can see the difference between the way the parents handle their children and it shows in the child's actions as well.Thank you Seton for being worth every penny.  If only they could keep my daughter all the way through High School..
5	Love this preschool.  My son can't wait to go.  He is learning a lot but most of all he loves school.  The playground is very big which leads to some great soccer at recess. Very organized, wonderful teachers, excellent management! Only sorry we didn't find this school earlier.
