4	This Salvation Army is strictly for hard core thrifters like myself. I say this because it is hard to find (even through it is right off the 95 FWY) and it is in somewhat a tough part of town. With that said, this place can be a gold mine of treasures and necessities.First of all, there are TWO parts to this particular location. One side of the parking lot is a retail store and the other is a warehouse (I'll get to to that later).The retail store is somewhat typical of a Sal's Army. Well organized with an abundance of clothing, bric-a-brac, books and kitchen wares. What I love about Sal's Army is all clothing items are set at one price. So a pair of Levi's jeans and Armini jeans will be priced the same ($4 I think is what they go for). Unlike Goodwill which prices each items based on the brand. If you look hard enough you will find lots of good clothes here for almost nothing.Now for the warehouse across the parking lot. It is a large (you guessed it) warehouse filled with larger items, such as appliances, furniture, bikes, gym equipment, car parts and so on. If it's a hot day (and in Vegas we have a lot of those) it can be a chore to pick through stuff as some of the merchandise gets placed outside under the direct sun. In summer, I suggest you get there early in the day. A lot of the stuff is old, dirty and damaged but a true thrifter can see past dirt and grime and knows a little TLC and paint and totally change anything old into something new.  Often times specific color tags are 50% and 75% off. So you can find a large item (a shelf, dresser, washing machine) for $10 or less. Amazing!Once I found a industrial shelving unit, 6 feet tall and 5 feet wide made of heavy steel for $40. It was dirty but I hosed it off and put it in my garage and I could not be more happy with it. At Home Depot it would have went for 10x the price.Again this place is only for the hard core but it is def worth checking out. And bring a pick up truck, you may need it.
4	This Salvation Army is great! The workers are very friendly and helpful. It's very organized and from what I've seen, filled with decent products. I was especially impressed with how many pins they had (I collect them!). Pictures of those are in the gallery.I ended up walking away a good amount of pins, some shell necklaces, a couple delicate silver/gold necklaces, a bracelet, a silver tray, and a book for $13.50. I did not get a chance to check out the furniture section that is separate from the store, but I will be back.
1	What???! They have items that are not for sale..... The clothing on the mannequins are not for sale..... This place is so gross.
