5	Two walls from the front to the rear of the store front are covered with rows of frames from Versace, Burberry, Gucci, A/X, Prada etc (no Coach) to other lower end styles.  I visited 2 other eye wear stores on Bell and The Village had the biggest selection of styles.With a ceiling to floor glass front, the store was infused with lots of natural light.  I also liked the many different mirrors--framed, unframed, portrait--positioned so you could check out various options without having to search for a mirror.The staff were extremely helpful, researching different color options for a few frames I liked.  They didn't exert their unwanted opinions about style selection or try to talk me into buying a lot of additional crap.  I just rec'd my glasses, less than 2 wks after I ordered them ; )  And they told me to return anytime, for a free adjustment, if I start to feel the glasses start to slide down the bridge of my nose or feel too tight around my ears after wearing them a bit.A+ for selection & service!!!
5	Very friendly and knowledgeable staff. Hard to find top notch service like this in AZ. Great selection of glasses and very inviting atmosphere.
3	Staff isnt too friendly until they know you are about to purchase. Tons of selection! Lots of mirrors!
5	I actually had fun while waiting and during my appointment! Great staff and great doc - love it!!!
5	Great Staff. Great Selection. Great Doctor. I refuse to go anywhere else. Oh, and they have Macs and iPads.
5	Great customer service, they went over and beyond to make me a happy client. They do care about their clients!  Not many business can say that.  Highly Recommend.
1	I'm now wondering if all the 5-star ratings are fake. My experience in a nutshell was that I went and had an eye exam, and chose frames/lenses.  I told the lady that ordered my lenses absolutely NO transition lenses for me.  I waited 2 weeks and when I got my frames, the first thing I noticed were that they were crooked and bent.  Then I discovered that the lenses were transition lenses.  I called and actually spoke with the lady who ordered my frames/lenses.  She said it was a "lab error" because they specified no transitions.  She offered no explanation as to why the frames arrived bent and crooked.  Anyway, she told me they'd need to order a new pair and it would be an additional 2 weeks wait time! Unbelievable.  In the interest of customer service it seems they would've rushed the order, especially if the fault did lie with the lab.   I waited and around day 16 had not heard from them.  At this point I was done--Waited a full month to get in to see the doctor and after another month still didn't have my glasses.  I told them to contact my vision insurance provider and reimburse the cost of the frames/lenses.  At that point I was told "Oh your glasses are actually here."   I decided to take my business elsewhere.  I will NEVER return to this place again.  I should've seen it coming on my first appointment, having to watch an upset customer at the desk trying to get a problem resolved. Unprofessional and horrible customer service.
