5	The margaritas here are so so so so so so good, the best ones this side of manhattan! Food is super good, service is friendly and scarily speedy and the restaurant itself is tiny and cute as! Seriously go, go! I'd hazard a guess at saying it's the best 'mexican' in edinburgh.
4	Reasonable Mexican food at rock-bottom prices. Great cocktails too. I went with a large group of people on a hot day and it was a little uncomfortable in the small dining area - most people had to go outside at some point for air. Other than that we all had a nice meal and were impressed by the service.
3	I had heard good things about this place so I thought it was worth a try. It was a wet Monday evening so it was pretty quiet, just as well because this place is tiny! When you sit down you are given a rather interesting bowl of popcorn. We don't do much with popcorn in the UK apart from salt or sugar it, so I was pleasantly surprised by the popcorn spiced goodness. The food was okay, I rather enjoyed my Chimichangas, even I ordered it just for the name. My boyfriend got the impression his came out the microwave. It resembled a microwave meal and I guess he felt it tasted the same, so he wasn't very impressed. Plus the food came out so quickly you always kind of wonder if it is freshly made. I don't know for sure, maybe it is worth trying again as this place has been around for so long that perhaps we just went on an off night.
4	I was surprised to discover this was the first Mexican restaurant to open in the whole of Scotland. Ever since 1984 they seem to have been refining their speciality frozen margarita as it's a crowd pleaser. The concoction of lime juice, tequila and triple sec seems to be just right, leaving you willing to delve into their Mexican fare.The food offerings are decent enough with the nice touch of a real salad instead of the usual carrot shavings and a wilted leaf. Top stuff!
4	After reading the reviews about the margaritas I'm a little gutted that I haven't had the opportunity to taste one for myself, but I absolutely hate tequila so it's probably not the best idea.If you're looking for some Mexican food then I can heartily recommend Tex Mex 2, it offers a nice, vibrant restaurant with friendly staff and a chilled out atmosphere, an excellent menu with delicious food and the prices aren't bad either.Thumbs up.
4	Tex Mex 2 has the best British Tex Mex I've had since moving to the UK. They're Spinach Enchilada (with re-fried beans in place of the chilies for me) manages my cravings every time I get a bit homesick. Price is important to me, and this is a place I can afford to eat at on a more regular basis - not to mention the decent amount of food you get for your money. The frozen margarita's and burgers aren't to be missed either!The staff is very friendly and manage to squeeze us in each time we phone ahead or rock up without calling.
4	I updated my FB status on my way to Tex Mex 2 yesterday, moaning about bus journeys during the festival.  Jenny L responded to say "There's a margarita at the end of that bus journey don't you worry. "And there was, and it was good.  You don't often see blended/frozen margaritas over here but they were quite tasty and quite reasonably priced as well.  I think next time I'll opt for a pitcher, if I do say so myself.Jenny L and I had been planning our meal here from about 10 that morning, so we both had plenty of time to peruse the menu and make the agonizing decision about just WHAT we would be eating; it all sounded so amazing.  We decided to skip starters to ensure plenty of space for our mains.  This turned out to be a very good plan, though the loaded nachos will definitely be the go next time I'm here.I went for the crispy carnitas tacos, while Jenny went for the seared tuna with crab flautas.  The tuna was a bit overdone in our opinion but we both enjoyed the flautas. I love carnitas, and they make fantastic tacos, but these were a bit TOO saucy.  I'm used to being able to pick up a crunchy taco and eat it properly, but I had to wait until the taco was soggy enough to use a knife and fork, which kind of defeated the whole "crunchy" business in my mind... I'm also one of those people who just doesn't use salt, so the carnitas, while wonderfully flavoured, came across as just a bit too salty for me.That being said, though, the tacos were heaped with amazing guacamole, sour cream, salsa, salad, you name it, it was there.  I am definitely looking forward to a return visit here, but I will probably try something different.
5	Wow. Nothing wrong with this little place. I Yelped for a decent restaurant in the New Town section and this caught my eye along with a nice recommend from Emily V. Just me and the kids. Thing 1 and Thing 2 split some nachos and I had the Colorado Burrito and a margarita. Fast and friendly service and great tasting, fresh, savory, authentic, simple food. As good as I've had just about anywhere. Yum.
3	Hmm oh dear, how the great can fall. I came here for a wee birthday dinner with some friends as last time Emily V and I came we really enjoyed it.The food was still good, if in fact even better. I ordered the same combo platter of tuna with crab flautus and this time my tuna was actually rare as requested (if a little cold). And the margaritas are goooood. I do need to give them that.But the service left a lot to be desired. The waiter was friendly, and smiling, and seemed like a nice guy. But it was incredibly slow, at times bordering on arrogant, and very cheeky.I arrived 10 minutes early to find Emily V already early herself. Waiting for two others, we sat. And waited. We were one of two tables. I saw many members of staff wandering to and fro. The waiter didn't look busy. He never came over to our table but when I finally managed to catch his attention and ask "could we please order some drinks?" he responded with "yeah I'll be over in a bit" in a very nonchalent manner. "In a bit". Not a case of "oh yes I'll be over" whilst grabbing his note pad. It was literally a case of "I'm not yet taking drinks orders". A bit turned out to be 10 minutes.Fine during the meal itself, but when it came to paying we paid by cash. It was taken away, and not returned. We waited again. And waited. And saw him clearing tables, serving other people, still no change. Eventually, the polite Brit in me overcame my anxiety of appearing rude myself and asked for the change, to which he brought it over straight away. This makes me think he was hoping we wouldn't ask for the change and leave the in excess of 20% change as tip. Which was really quite ironic considering how slow and nonchalent the service had been.It was also quite cold in the restaurant when we first got there and I didn't take my jacket off until the mains arrived. A small note but when you're eating hot, spicy mexican food you kind of want to feel hot and spicy not shivering.Now I don't know if I would go back. Their margaritas really are sooooo good and great value. I like I said the staff were nice, not flat out rude, but their attitude of 'serving us when it suited them' and the very cheeky trick with the change put me off slightly.
4	Good quality Tex Mex fare, in Edinburgh's wonderful Thistle Street. We summed it up: "the best tex-mex/Mexican food we've had outside of the States, which says a lot."
4	My husband and I stopped in for a quick bite to eat since we had just arrived in Edinburgh and were starving but knew it was a bit too early for a full dinner.We ordered the quesadillas and guacamole and chips. I had Corona and he ordered a margarita. He said the margarita was delicious. My Corona tasted like Corona and was properly served with a lime. I would not consider the quesadillas a large enough portion to eat as a meal but they are good for a starter to share. The guacamole was odd to me. It had huge chunks of onion in it and now that I've perfected my own guacamole, I really have a hard time finding a proper one in restaurants, none-the-less, Mexican restaurants in the UK.Having lived in the UK for a period of time now, I don't have high expectations for Mexican food, however, this place was actually quite good. I wish we would have had another day in Edinburgh to return to Tex Mex 2 and have a full meal but unfortunately we had to return to England after only a couple days in Scotland.Reservations are recommended as this place is tiny (probably 10 tables). We were only able to get a table because we arrived at like 5pm and there was no one there. Not shortly after we given our food did the place start to fill up - with people who had reservations.As for dress code, we were in jeans and light jackets. I think anything would go here - casual to dressy.
4	Mexican food in the UK has been grievously disappointing, both in price and representation.  Gone are the days when $4 can score me a half-pounder cabaza/lengua burrito.Tex Mex was the last I expected this far up north.  Scotland rocks.Let's do this bullet-point style:Margaritas - decent tequila content and thoroughly slushed.  Nothing more annoying that semi-icy concoctions that don't travel up straws well.Much respect for carrying Dos Equis, Corona, Sol, Modelo and that obscure little label Pacifico.Tequila - they carry the good stuff; these guys have done their homework.  Gun for the Anejos.  Don Julio Gold Anejo was my pick.Floutas - more like giant taquitos, the corn tostada-wrapped chicken is deep fried to crunchy perfection.  Topped off with salsa, sour cream and guac it's what I'd expect to see in higher-end Mexican restaurants in LA or San Diego.Carnitas - the pork was served in cubes and was much too salty, unfortunately.Enchiladas - covered in a healthy layer of cheese to be called such, it's an accurate enough representation of what my Mexican friends' moms would make at home. Approved.
3	This place is ok, I wanted to check it out for a while but found it ok.The drinks are probably the tastiest things on the menu.The food was again ok but not so special, there was too much cheese and the actual portions were a bit small.All in all not bad but not so good.
4	For now this is the best Mexican food in Edinburgh in my humble opinion. It is true I have yet to try a few other places but for now this one is it.Everything tasted fresh and packed a punch! Just the way I like it! The waiter was a really nice lad who even went as far as to show me the kitchen and the burrito making station. So I can vouch that everything is super fresh and handmade. The pico de gallo is chunky cause they cut it that way by hand!  I have yet to try the Nachos which were merely mentioned in another review but now I am on a mission.Expect another review (with more detail) coming soon...
4	i love tex mex food!!  love it!!!  i'm not sure how someone couldn't though, i mean cheese, salsa, guacamole, and MARGARITAS!!!  that is a recipe for tasty goodness!  except on moving to Edinburgh i thought i had left behind good tex mex along with bagels, proper sandwiches, and broccoli cheese soup from Panera BUT then i found Tex Mex 2.  this restuarant has become my brightly coloured beacon for the best mexican food in the scottish capital.The menu has a good variety of choices, but i have three favourite items that i always order:1. The margaritas!!  Usually i shun anything that contains tequlia due to some bad drunken Uni memories, but in these margaritas you can hardly taste it.  i love that they come in a variety of flavours, my favourite is the wild cherry.  however, i can also recommend the peach, passionfruit, and mango.  all very good and a pitcherful of this tasty drink never goes amiss ;)2. the grande nachos my absolute favourite savory indulgence food!  there is nothing better than a plate full of crispy tortilla chips, melty cheese, garlicy guacamole, homemade refried beans, fresh salsa, and sour cream.  most nachos i've tried in Edinburgh fall short of my high expectations, but not the ones in Tex Mex 2!  the plate is piled high with all this goodness and i want to dig in before the waiter puts the plate on the table....3. the carnitas!  there are a few ways to get carnitas at this restuarant.  the traditional way in a bowl with grilled tortillas and all the toppings on the side, in a burrito, or in a chimichanga.  all three ways are very very good but my favourite is the traditional way except that the portion is so huge that i can't even eat half of it!  maybe that has more to do with sharing a starter of their nachos grande though....there are many more delicious options on this menu, but i tend to only order my favourites.  however, those options keep me coming back so nothing wrong with sticking to what works!  already looking forward to a wild cherry margarita at my next visit :)
4	Mexican food in the UK?  You can understand I was pretty skeptical - no offense, but this is not something that your country has down.  But my expat friend recommended it, and she did not lead us astray!Came for lunch on a Sunday, they opened up at noon.  Interior is small, but bright, colorful, and cheery.  Service was some of the friendliest I'd had in the UK.  They put a little plate of spicy popcorn on the table, which is a nice touch, and much less filling than the loads of chips/salsa you'd get at a Mexican restaurant in the US - for better or for worse.  I got the veggie fajitas and my boyfriend got the carnitas burrito, which he'd been craving all day - and a side of chips, despite my protest that that was a strange accompaniment to Mexican food.My fajitas were really nice and light - just squash, mango, and regular fajita veg flambeed with tequila (in front of me!) and lightly seasoned - delicious in a tortilla with salsa and guac.  Definitely needed some hot sauce though!  Didn't try  my boyfriend's burrito, which he really liked, but wow was it messy!  When he cut into it, sauce just poured out.  I munched on the hot, crispy chips, loving them as I thought to myself "why am I eating fries with Mexican food?"It's a bit pricey, but it's competitive in terms of taste with Mexican-American food, and that's all I'd hoped for!  Oh - nothing is that spicy though.  They have a bunch of hot sauces displayed, they gave my boyfriend the mildest which he tried and immediately asked for two levels up.  He tried that one and asked for one more.  They had to check and see if they had any of the hottest one, finally bringing it -  more of a chile paste, really - in a bowl.  Even THAT was spicy, but not so bad!  I had a dollop on a chip and it was spicy, but not what you'd expect from what is literally the spiciest sauce in the house!  That's the one thing I'd ask from Tex Mex II - turn up the heat, guys!
2	I'm going to have to downgrade, unfortunately.I've visited Tex Mex 2 a few times now and have had really varied experiences.  This time, our server was great but the food left a lot to be desired.  I ordered the carnitas tacos and was delivered a plate of meat, with a small side salad, a little rice and small blobs of sauces.  The tacos had more meat in them than I expect you're meant to consume in a week, let alone a meal.  Yeah this doesn't sound like a bad thing - value for money and all- but it was.  They were so meaty that I actually only managed half of a taco before I just felt unwell.  A taco is meant to have meat, veggies, beans, cheese, etcetc not... meat. period. end of story.  Add to this the fact that the carnitas were *incredibly* salty.  Really really really really salty, and kind of sicky sweet too?  It certainly didn't taste like any carnitas I've had before, and the saltiness was painfully over the top.Fortunately we were able to take our food away and the leftover carnitas (with rice and beans and veggies, like they were meant to be!) were enough for the two of us to have tacos for dinner a few nights later.  I would suggest lowering the prices and cutting down on the meat (and salt!).  Until that happens, I don't see myself returning.  (I've actually just read my previous review... if only I'd read that before ordering the *same* dish again!  d'oh)
3	Sadly I was not impressed with my food this time around. I ordered the carnitas chimichanga and didn't expect my chimichanga to be entirely full of meat! Yes, no beans or rice or veg, only MEAT. That is more meat that I eat in an entire week. Not impressed.There was salsa on top of it but would have much rather it had been inside the burrito to give some relief from the meat fest. Also the carnitas meat was way too seasoned. It didn't have that fresh taste that I expect from mexican food. Mexican food has a lot of veg and not so much meat. So, I ate like a quarter of the chimichanga before I felt like I might pass out. I brought the rest home and my partner had the rest for lunch and let me tell you he can pack it away and this thing filled him up. completely. All in all I guess many would think good value for money, yes, if you like LOTS of meat. Otherwise it would be better if they lowered the price a wee bit and put a fraction of meat in their chimichangas and add some beans and rice and veg.
4	On a rare blue sky day in Edinburgh we found ourselves chilled from the motorcycle ride and in need of some heat - so Tex Mex seemed like a good idea.  As the flaming fajitas were lit and placed in front of me, I knew that we had made the right choice.  There was a medley of colours and textures in the vegetarian fajitas and once the butternut squash, peppers, onions and melons were wrapped in the tortilla along with some sour cream, jalapenos, cheese and / or guacamole the resultant taste explosion was delightful.  I enjoyed every mouthful of my meal. Ian had the carnitas (shredded pork) and, although I found it too salty, he enjoyed it thoroughly.We were given the hot sauce as a condiment and immediately asked for the hotter one as neither of us felt that there was any heat in it.  The next level up wasn't available so we ended up with the kitchen's chilli paste - which had a lovely kick and great flavour.Our only disappointments were that the key lime pie had run out the night before and that we couldn't drink the margaritas as we were riding home.  We'll be back!
5	i have to apologise as this update is rather overdue!  i was in tex mex about three weeks ago after my boyfriend and i were turned away at two sushi restaurants because they were too full and couldn't seat us until some ungodly time by which point i think my stomach would have eaten itself.  i was starving!!!! and getting grumpy and wanted delicious food and drink on a friday night... but it seemed like the world was against me and then we went to Tex Mex 2 and all was well.we walked in and the waiter recognised us (since we go at least once a month) and gave us a table right away.  while we were looking at the menu the couple in the corner table by the window left and we were offered that table since we were regulars and the table we were at was a bit crammed.  so bonus points for giving your regulars a bit extra :) the food was delicious as always as were the margaritas!!  but it was really the customer service that night that pushed this review up to five stars.  we were given a table straight away and then moved to a better one.  we were noted as regular customers and given a refill on the popcorn that you get while reading the menu.  our food was delivered promptly but with enough time to enjoy the meal and not feel rushed.  also when they brought us the bill they us gave us a voucher for a free margarita.  so yay for tex mex 2!  my beacon of light while other restaurants have the gall to turn us away.  you've earned your five stars!!
5	A really good Mexican restuarant I found late-night in Edinburgh, when places all around seemed to be closing  and I was hankering after some spice action.We went for tacos and burritos, with a side of chili in a fried tortilla. This is some of the freshest Mexican food I've ever had, the flavour was bursting out with lime, lemon and chilli, just how it should be.Portions are really big too, in fact so large I had to ask for a doggy bag. This was a shameful event as I just wanted to eat it all fresh, it tasted so good.If you love Mexican food get over here. Prices are reasonable too.
5	Tex Mex 2 is a real gem, hands down! The atmosphere is awesome, food and daiquiries are awesome and staff is soooo friendly. Don't miss this restaurant during your stay in Edinburgh!
5	Oh I love this place. it's staple in my thought patterns when trying to think of somewhere to go and eat in town....The Margarita's, I confess, do quite heavily draw me to this place...they're so yum it's unreal...probably the best in town.The food has always been consistently good in here and I, nor anyone I've dragged here (if they like Tex Mex or not) have had cause for complaint. The staff I always find are friendly. I was in here a couple of days ago and the chap noticed that I was waiting for a friend so brought me over some water and a magazine whilst I was waiting...like I say, nice staff!Oh and you get Jelly babies instead of mints with your bill....enough said ;)
4	Margarita time!!! Love them. Particularly rate the strawberry. And when they attempted to scrimp on the salt and only cover half the rim on my glass, boy were they told! Salt me now!! For the margaritas alone I would keep coming back here. Shame it's not bigger, with a bar area too, but I guess it would lose a bit of its charm. The guy serving us was really friendly and took our girly banter in good spirit. He even topped up our spiced popcorn bowl for which was delish. One thing I will say. A total school boy error ordering starters and mains each. The portions are huge and Mexican is man-food so very filling and stodgy. My chicken chimichanga was very tasty. Homemade guacamole and salsa. Tick. Too many onions in the salsa in my opinion though. The beef burrito was equally tasty but huuuuuuge! Could only eat half. Totally hit the spot though and lined my pre Oktoberfest stomach nicely ;)I love this wee place and find it hard to find better Mexican food in Edinburgh.
5	Another pleasant surprise from recent weeks!Now, Wahaca of London fame, this is what I wanted you to be... great Mexican food with a genuine twist. To be honest the name and sign had me write this place off initially, despite having heard good things and being near so other fine Thistle Street establishments, but I'm glad I caved one afternoon and came by. The frozen Margarita starter, which is just me having a drink, was quite nice... it seemed a fine mix if what I was used to in the US and what I've gotten used to here and I loved that you could get them in baby pitcher sizes... I'm sure there's a fancier name for the baby pitchers, but it escapes me. Carafe? Moving on!I ended up with two actual starters in and a side of refried beans in leu of an actual main... I did want the tuna, it sounded fantastic, but unfortunately they had run out of tuna that day so it wasn't meant to be.The Chile Rellenos I had were smaller peppers than I'm used to, but definitely had a good flavour... when querying things the waiter even admitted they weren't his favourite, which I'm a big fan of... honesty, that is. The star of the show this afternoon was the Soft Shell Crab Flautas... wow! (Unlike the Chile Rellenos the waiter expressed his love for these, which was well founded.) They're definitely on my list to try again, and gleefully come with the tuna as a side so here's hoping if manage to get the two together next visit. The refried beans were also a treat... I loved that there was something to them with the spring onions and pink peppercorns... definitely impressed. From what I saw of other people's dishes I didn't see anything that made me cringe or look even remotely bad, always a good sign. True to their menu they have some random hot sauces... they gave me one simply called "Pain 100%", and it definitely lived up to it's name. If anything this was my one slight gripe this visit however... I didn't get a really good hot sauce, the initial ones I was offered (while having good taste), weren't too hot and the Pain 100% was a bit over the top sacrificing too much flavour for immense heat. They had a few others, so hopefully I'll get to sample more of the range on another visit.(Side Note: where was this complimentary spicy popcorn everyone raves about?!?)So, Tex Mex II, with your shopping-mall worthy name and funny purple sign you've still won me over... good on you, I'll definitely be back.
5	Right! Time for an update! I've been back a couple of times since I wrote my last review. More recently on Saturday with my boyfriend who has never been before. One word. YUUUUUUMM!!!! The decor is nothing fancy but I honestly can't say I've had better Mexican food anywhere else. Instead of my usual beef burrito I thought I'd change and go for the popular speciality of pork carnitas (basically a slow cooked pork stew served with guac, salsa, sour cream, salad and soft tortillas). I died and went to heaven!! Although full, I refused to let go off plate until every scrap of food was gone from it. Who knew that a pork stew could be so tasty?!! Everything is clearly homemade and beautifully presented. These people care about food and they care about good service! My bf did the obligatory"Hot sauce challenge" and was presented with a series of hot sauces to try including one which was so hot they are not allowed to serve it with food. I laughed while he coughed and spluttered. A small dish of yoghurt was given to him to neutralize the heat. Men! Margaritas = amazing! Food = amazing!Service = these guys care and want you to come back! I've now upper rating to 5 stars.
