3	My there are many shades of Gray! And you can find them all here at Gold's where there is nothing but a large gray space.  I am not sure if it is realy cold in here or if its just the aesthetics.  The space is impressive and seems relatively new.The staff are well, they're gym staff.At my first yoga class I was almost put off by the shrill voice of the teacher and her haphazard way of beginning but she really knew her stuff and made us sweat.  On the second day, an Indian practitioner led us who has been doing yoga all his life.  He was very chatty but also very helpful.  I havent been here on a Monday night but daytime and weekend traffic seems to be light.
5	This is a great gym for a serious work-out!  Each person that works out here is more ripped than the next (guys & girls)- great motivation! Plus, every class I have taken has been more intense than the next. The spin instructor, Leslie, is as good as it gets.
1	The worst management ever.  Plus poor classes and aerobic equipment and no amenities. Only Ok for weight resistance and they are better gyms in the area for that. Again management and employees' attitude and care are extremely poor starting with the manager himself.
1	The gyms under this owner (all Vegas & Riverside County locations)  itself is ok. 3-4 stars at most.  But the billing department can kissmy youknow what!  It sux enough that I will cancel my membership and fight with collections!  And I am a VERY consistent  gym user!  $25/m is nothing to me especially when i go 3-5 daysca week, but Golds is not worth it.  The one in Henderson of Vegas would be a four star location if it weren't for the billing company's shady practice.  Get rid of your billing department and maybe you won't succumb to LVAC's dominance.  Otherwise die out like the rest of the greedy corporate run globo gyms across the US.  Heck, even your personal training department has nosedived since the new owners took over. I guess you compensate by screwing over your members via billing! The breakdown:- Minus one star for not so up to date equipment- minus one star for crappy group fitness selection- minus 2 stars for your a** hole bilking dept practices- Dangit, gotta give you at least 1 star for nothingAnd no, I do not work for LVAC, but I think I might!!!!!
2	I went here to try the 7day membership pass. You don't need 7 days to figure out how undeserving of your money this place is! The girls locker rooms are cold and uninviting, I wouldn't want to sit on those benches. The yoga room is literally the size of a larger bathroom (fits about 7 people). The teacher was great though, she talked us through it well, although she didn't know how to turn on the small (plug-in) portable electric heater that they used in the room. I guess the central heater doesn't heat up closets...Thank god they offer the 7 day trial.
1	Overall i give the Gym itself 5 stars, machines are up to date, it's clean, no problems. But i must say the staff there are dumb as a rock! And they will con you into buying personal training membership, especially the sales consultants. If you are going to get a memebership here make sure you make it clear to them you want the GYM MEMEBERSHIP ONLY... THAT'S IT! You may want to drill it in their heads because these people do not understand , and they are INCOHERENT, I had to let my assistant schedule my personal training session like 5 times, the personal training manager had a mentality of a 3rd grader he did not know how to enter my name in the system properly, so my file was missing and it took him like 10 minutes just to look for my name.. Then we have little miss barbie doll training for a bikini contest trying to make small talks with me and trying to get me the most expensive package. Before you walk into this gym make sure you know what you want and you do your research don't let these under paid low lifes peer pressure you into a $100+ pacakge which you only planned on paying 25$ for a membership. And Also before you talk to these idiots ask them where they WENT TO SCHOOL and got their training degrees ask to see credentials!! I miss the flamingo and sandhill gym that was the most friendliest staff DRAMA free gym.
3	Went here for a week and dont like it. Its clean and staffed with friendly people but its too much for a 17 year old like me. I either see people trying extremely hard to stay fit or big muscular huge people lifting weights. Im never going back to a gym (Any gym) because of this. And + the money you pay for membership is ridiculous! All they want from you is $$$July 4 Update: Personal Trainer cost a lot. Not the membership.
1	I really would like to love this gym, but their salespeople have driven me to hate it. They went to the used car salesman school of membership sales. Rather than telling me how amazing their gym and equipment are, it's all about how I need to sign up today, this special ends today, and your life will be much worse off if you don't sign up today. Honestly, probably what set the alarm bells ringing was them demanding my social security number. Why on earth does a gym need a social security number? I only give my SSN to banks. Period. A gym is not getting and does not need my SSN--particularly since they withdraw dues from your credit card automatically! Beware, the 7-day free pass is not a free pass. They force you to sign up for a membership, which they say they will allow you to cancel in 7 days. Simply disingenuous.The gym itself is nice, clean and has plenty of equipment. It's just too bad that I feel like they're trying to scam me when I try to join.
2	The gym itself is great. Really good variety of machines, classes and unlike LVAC, people actually work out here instead of using it as a social club. My problem is with the staff. i had an issue with my membership and tried to ask about it. The staff at the front desk said i needed to call the customer service number and speak to them so i did. I actually called twice and got the same answer both times from the operators, i could cancel my membership or talk to a club manager about my current one. Now i've been going to this gym for 3 years and i really like it here so i decided to talk to a manager about it. I've asked to speak to a manager 4 separate times and each time the same thing happens: The staff at the desk will tell me that the manager is with another guest or not there and that i can have a seat and they'll see me next. So after 20 or 30 minutes of waiting the person at the desk will tell me they don't know how much longer the manager will be and that i can leave my name/number and the manager will call me, so i do. I have never gotten a call back ever out of the 4 times this has happened. I understand that this is a gym and not some high end restaurant or retail store so i don't expect amazing customer service and its a busy gym so i don't expect help right away but to be ignored is ridiculous. Either the manager isn't getting my messages or they're ignoring it. The only reason I haven't canceled my membership yet is because like i said, i've been going here for 3 years and i really like it but this is beyond unacceptable and I've started looking at other gyms.
5	I come here because there aren't any little weasels that try to match their workout attire to their makeup like LVAC.  The members here are serious.  You won't have to wait for a machine while some punk with pink shoes on is hogging a machine texting his boyfriend.  Who cares about the staff.  They don't make much money, most are young girls just getting started in the workforce.  Leave them alone.  You come to lift weights, not for gym staff to kiss your butt.  There's no smoothie bar here, no sauna room, jacuzzi, pool.  All you Louis V handbag wearing wanna be's stay at LVAC.  There's a reason why this location has a "hard core" reputation.  People don't screw around here.
2	I would like to give this place 1 star only but the fact that the bathroom (men's) smells like PURE FECES makes me not love this place more. Second...it's right across the street from where I live so it's very convenient. Love that it's 24 hours and not packed like Grand Central Station like the LVAC down the street. A huge plus for no contract. There really isn't anything that is missing in terms of equipment although I wish that the "abs" section was a little bigger and maybe had mirrors to do planks, etc. One message I want to get across is that there is this long haired guy in a pony tail who works at night and I want to complain about him. I came there once in the night, it was cold as hell and I forgot my towel. Mind you I'm Asian so I don't sweat as much as non-Asians and this guy has the nerve to ask me if I brought a towel yet when I looked around, NOBODY else had a towel and they were dripping wet and SOAKED in sweat. He should be FIRED!I am extra picky with my gyms because I just transferred from David Barton which is one of the best gyms I've ever been to, it's just too far from my house andI guess $20 vs $130 is a huge difference. Also, I'm not sure why I'm paying $20 when it was advertised that it was only $10. If they decrease my gym membership then I'll give them one more star :)
2	Used to be my Gold's gym of choice, but this location was already lacking in cardio equipment (compared to the amount of users) and they implemented this MMA style training area in the corner of already lacking gym. All this did was take away floor space which could've been used for more equipment etc. Parking can be tricky, and YOU WILL GET ANNOYED Exiting the Eastern exit off the 215fwy since traffic builds up at Serene. I suggest using the Gold's on Stephanie...3 miles farther, but because of the traffic on Eastern, it takes same amount of time to get to...might as well goto the better gym.
4	So i start by giving it a Four star only because it doesn't have a basketball gym.other then that it's a 5star to me Locations is great close to my home takes me only 10-15 mins to get there, the girl that greets is super friendly and gives a hello and hi when you come and go. the Sales guy @ the serene location Adam was very good straight to the point with membership cost and quick, no car salesmen approach.The Facility is clean and ready to be used for all your Personal Fitness goals.i walked around and viewed it and used some of the machines and everything looks up to date.When i walked into LVAC i must i was super shocked on how the people take machines away for texting and twitter and facebook, One lady was on a Treadmill and while she was reading i noticed a bag that had a Minuture Puppy sticking out of it hanging on for dear life...I was blown away by that..it differently was amazing...Golds is a sudden and let's you focus on you and not your surrounding type of gym..that's why i chose them.so far so good...by the way for the Non contract cost of $20 dollars it is differently worth it..
5	I think that this is a great gym for those who simply want a no frills gym.Let me begin by telling you my sign-up experience since I see that others have differed from mine. The gentleman who I spoke with was Brandon and originally I was only doing the one-week pass to try them out. He quickly set me up in about 10 minutes and then I was on my way to the weights. Near the end of my one week, I did receive a text  from him (I gave him the OK to text me before the week ends) explaining a current promotion that they were having. I arranged for a good time for the both of us and came in to sign up the next day after discussing which plan would be the best for me. I personally felt like he did not pressure me to go towards a certain membership or implemented a hard-sell tactic on me. He did advise me about enrollment fees for the $9.95 monthly plan and the one year contract for the $15.95 monthly plan so that I would not be surprised.The check-in staff here knows how to smile, have always been friendly, and answer any questions that I have without attitude unlike other gyms I held memberships at. There isn't much required from you, just make sure you always have your member key fob and a towel.Now for the gym itself.. Even during "busy hours" you won't end up having to wait long for a mat, machine, weight, or bar. The cardio area isn't the best, but it works. I think the MMA area is fantastic because they are striving to provide more for their members. Most of the time when I am near the "stretching area," there is a class going on and the instructors seem fantastic because members stay motivated and moving during the classes. Also, let me give a shoutout to a worker that I ALWAYS see re-racking weights and keeping this Gold's Gym location looking immaculate. That guy needs a raise! The only con I could think of is the putrid smell that always seems to come from the women's locker room.If you happen to forget your water or protein, they have it available for purchase at Gold's.. The 7-11 in the same complex.. OR you can go next door to the nutrition shop literally located right next to the gym.
3	I guess my GG in San Antonio is a little different from how GG operates here in Vegas...For starters, the monthly charge is dirt cheap- but the facility is, too. This is a bare-bones gym: no frills here, but they do have free group classes like zumba and bodypump.The setup of the gym is like a triangle- the hypotenuse is lined with cardio equipment facing a wall of flatscreens (most without captions and all machines too far away to actually read them, and no means of plugging in your earbuds to hear the audio?).From the right angle radiating outward (go with my triangle comparison, if you've been in there, you'll get it) is all of the weights equipment, which seems to be the focus of the majority of the regulars here.You'll see all range of ages, but mostly men, lifting. But more obviously than that, you'll hear them grunting and slamming down their free weights and obnoxiously clanking down their machine weights without any regard for form or control. It's downright distracting even from across the room on one of the few ellipticals that is from this decade.In any case, I will say that the customer service was good- apparently this is not part of the Golds Gym chain, but an independently owned gym? I have no idea how that even possibly works or why, but that's what I was told when I tried to use my membership at this location. The staff was always friendly and helpful, though, so I didn't have too many complaints.For a bare-bones gym, this place isn't bad, but just make sure you bring your own lock for the lockers (or you can take the risk of putting your stuff in and shutting the door, which I did multiple times without issue- but I didn't really have anything of value there either), bring your own towel to comply with the posted notices that all machines require one, and bring your iPod or MP3 player of choice, as there did not seem to be any playing in the gym itself, and as I stated above the TVs were practically inaccessible.Lastly, be prepared to sweat it out. Other than the odd vents in the locker room, this place didn't seem to have central air or any fans, which I found pretty odd.All in all, not bad for a vacation gym, but simply not at all up to the Golds Gym standard as I've experienced it elsewhere, so plan accordingly. But to reiterate, despite all of the above, customer service was top notch- super friendly, helpful, and patient.
4	I'm starting to fall in love with my Gold's Gym membership. Just recently signed up for $19.95 a month, which includes all Las Vegas Gold's (including their Centennial location) and some California locations as well.  Been a 24 Hour Fitness loyal for years and I have to admit that Gold's has a different energy when you enter one of these.  Everyone here is serious about their fitness. Seems like the physiques are at another level here too. As for this specific location, the pros consist of the following;-Clean Gym: Equipment is wiped down and weights are re-racked.-Clean locker rooms-Open feel when you walk in.  Equipment is spaced out so you don't feel too cluster phobic.  There's plenty of room to do weighted walking lunges.  -Steel plates. I love the sound of the plates clanging against each other with every rep. -Enough cardio and plenty of free weights-Updated Hammer Equipment-MMA training area-Couple of Smith Machines and Power Racks.-Equipment is always working-Triceps BenchCons:-No Standing Calf Machine. Ended up doing Smith Calf Raises to take its place.-Wish there was more cable stations-Need more leg machines (lying leg curls, leg extensions, standing leg curls)-Parking-Stretching area is smallThe staff here is great too.  Stephanie signed me up and her boss, Karen, assisted when I made updates to my account.  Overall, I'm a new fan of this Gold's Gym off Eastern Ave.PS: I'm not cheating on 24 Hour Fitness. I'm just changing things up.
3	I joined this gym a few months back.  What I do like is it's never really crowded.  But I am disappointed they don't have any early morning (6 am) classes and only 1 class on Sunday.   Also I would love if they had more night classes.  It's hard for me to get there for 6:30 when you work all day.   Other than that it's okay.  The people are friendly.   Locker rooms are pretty clean.  Almost wish I joined LVAC to just have a better choice of classes and times.
4	This is my fourth Golds Gym. I really like it here. Lots of free weights and has a lot of machines. They don't have duplicates so don't stress that end of it. They do have plated machines and weights attached to straps for easier operation so they do have more then one hamstring curl, just different. Free weight area is big and has 4 cable crossovers which is awesome. Compared to others this is the only one j ever heard of being a 14 day traveler card, but that's for anything outbid range. If you live here its not a problem. All in all the gym is nice. For all of you who do classes they have that and a nice space for it. Even have MMA classes with Tapout gear. Costs extra. As far as locker rooms. They're big and typical but the urinal area stanks pretty bad of piss. Sauna is big but outdated wood. All in all it ain't bad if you wanna work out. Forget about the TVs and workout and you'll be fine.They also have yoga. Awesome. And a lids area though I have not used it yet.
3	Lately many pieces of equipment have been broken.... UGH! Very frustrating.  But its you basic gym no frills kinda place.   They do offer classes but you have to have the $15 and up memebership to have access to them.   I haven't been to a class but you have to get a coin at the front in order to enter thoses classes.  They also offer personal trainers..... I have not used this service either but I do have knowledge on how to use the equipment. (Friends that are trainers and  or body builders)   There have been several times I have watched a trainer not correct someones incorect form.  This could really hurt someone.
4	So I'm going to update my previous post now that I'm back here. I missed it. People don't bother you and people are smiling seems like since I've been gone they've worked hard upgrading. Love golds gym
5	Love it!! I finally got my husband talked into going with me and now even if we don't work out together he still pushes me to go and visa versa!! I so need this. This location is open 24/7 which is good since I work Graveyard shift. The times I go I have a lot of machines I can choose from depending on my workout for the day. The staff seems nice. They have several classes they offer just wish some would be earlier in the day. But I am very thankful to be here. Oh and if you have kids they do have a section for them to play as you work out. Great prices to sign up also.
5	This is my favorite Golds Gym in the Vegas area, since they closed the gym on Sahara & Decatur. It is a nice sized gym with plenty of equipment and weights. It is too far of a drive from Summerlin, so I can't get out here everyday. I try to get out as much as I can though.
1	Facilities are great.  That's the only praise warranted for any Gold's. I give Gold's Gym a one star simply because I can't give it no stars.  This is the most unethical businesses on the face of the earth.  They rarely honor advertised promotions. When they do, they get you in a contract with so many loopholes and pitfalls to screw the customer that it would make a rapist blush.  Example, a few years back I signed up for a membership that specifically stated that I could freeze my account for two years, and resume at any point afterwards.  When I tried, they refused to honor it, even after showing them my contract.  Another example, my wife has recently fallen victim to their false month to month plan.  They tell you to your face that you are signing up for a month to month membership, then allow you to sign a contract with hundreds of hidden gems like a quarterly "upkeep" fee of $50.  If the monthly membership fees aren't going towards upkeep, then what they hell are they going towards?  Also, the month-to-month membership is actually a six month membership, for which you will have to pay a fee to cancel.  Even after cancelling, there will be many back charges for months to come which they justify simply by stating "sorry, you signed the contract."  What a damn joke this place is.  This link also says it all.  The BBB also has MANY claims against Gold's.  If you don't know what the BBB is, then do yourself a favor, educate yourself, and avoid this hell hole like the plague it is.
5	Gets 5 stars from me simply because it's a gym for $19.95 with no enrollment fee & you have the opportunity to make the best of it. The sales people trying to sale me trainer packages doesn't bother me because I simply say "no thanks".. I understand its business & everyone is trying to sale you something. It's just the nature of life we live in these days. I mean how else do businesses sustain & make money.. sale sale sale... Ok now with my other review, the gym is down the street so check. I can take a jog or a bike ride to the gym without cranking up the car so check. As far as being overcrowded or packed, you just have to make a schedule or time that works for you, so for me it's when everyone is probably at work or sleep. Gets another check for being open 24hrs. Gym life is purely based off discipline, and truth be told we live in a society where many will complain about anything. I mean the gym is clean, they have plenty of workout equipment, I'm able I walk in & handle my business with TVs on the wall, they answer any questions I have.. I mean it's not much for me to complain about. Hell I can't be mad at them for trying to upsale me training, in fact im considering a one day a week session just to make sure in doing things properly. Nothing is free, especially health.
2	Layouts decent very basic and cramped that's only down fall and cardio is at entrance which makes the most timid and( Uncomfortable ) we'll me at least this is something that you want to be able to zone out and not think about or see traffic entering gym and most tredmills are out dated ... Men's locker room trash is never taken out ,,, decent staff the girls in the front are always friendly oh ya last thing the pay machine for protein kiosk is stupid and to much work just to purchase items
1	The reason t I gave it a 2 is because there cardio machines are always broken .....  they fix it then they are broken the next especially the stair master and some times u can't even get a cardio mechine because the gym is busy and more than half of the cardio machines are broken they need to invest in buying new machines  ....gym is run down and the bathroom stinks they need to fix up the gym a little I would give it 1 star but the price can not beaten 20 bucks no contract and u can have a friend workout with u for free every day u go but please fix the gym and cardio equipment
4	It's just $10/month. Can't go wrong with that!  What I'd like to add is they need free wi-fi and to really help with that funky bathroom smell.  For two years now it's still had the same smell.  Come on already with that.  While we're on the bathroom talk, why in the world is the tp holder so damn big next to the pot?  Sitting on the pot you have a constant lean.  Ridiculous.Other than that- all else is good.Update- they now have wi-fi!!!!
2	I go back amd forth from LA to vegas and the golds gym out here are nothin like the ones in LA... this one particularly smells like nasty b.o and feet they dont provide towels wich is important cause it help keep place sanitary.
1	They are dishonest about their prices. They claim its 9.95 a month but it cost  $100 to activate your account. The first month of the year they  charge you $49 for a price guarantee fee. This happens every year and they never tell you about it.
1	simply the worst, and is not even all the people that work there but the corporation core values are aimed in take every dollar possible out of their costumers pocket and not even maintain a sanitary environment on this particularly establishment.
5	6 mos ago I had three memberships to three different gyms around town and could never seem to make time to go to any of them or didn't want to deal with the crowds. My husband signed us up for Golds since we have gotten pretty out of shape. Not only do I love how convenient the location is, but everyone is very nice.  It's not a huge gym, which is just my speed. In the times I've been there, it hasn't been super crowded either (5pm) and I have been able to smash through my workout and get home. I did sign up for training sessions, they had a special going and I'm really looking forward to finally getting into shape than paying for a gym I'm never going to go to.  Donald, the trainer I signed up with, is great! Unintimidating,  knowledgeable and motivating (which is half the battle of going too)!! I would recommend this gym to anyone who is actually interested in working out and no nonsense.
4	I really like this gym.  Flexible hours, and lots of good classes. It's not usually too crowded, and there is a nice ladies' section. The group classes are my favorite - especially Body Pump and CX Works. Annette, Anamaria, and Marko are all awesome instructors! They really push you and motivate you and help you master the right form. I'm sure the other instructors are great, too.The bathrooms could use a makeover - you have to flush the toilets twice, and there is a mild funky smell in there. But other than that, this gym is great.  The Stephanie location is great, too.
4	I am happy to report they have brand new spin bikes which is really nice.  Also they did put more morning classes on the schedule.
3	Place needs a ren-o... A lot of the machines are old and dirty. Im use to Golds Gym Arcadia. Where everything is hi tech, awesome ventilation so it doesnt smell like sweat, and they hire employees who's sole duty is to clean. So I guess, anything else will come short. This Golds GymPros: open 24/7. I can still get my work on. They have all the necessity as far as machines and equipment. Not as crowded so not really a wait time. I also like their octagon for some MMA training. Cons: place is on the grimy side. Needs a face lift and upgrade on certain cardio machines. Has the smell of dried sweat floating in the air....Smh...Damn you Golds Gym Arcadia for being so damn awesome!
5	Love this Golds! My first gym outside of using the one on my college campus. Christian, the trainer manager, is amazing! Helped me get started on a workout and set me up with the best trainer (Liz) ever.
5	I went there for the 10/mo deal. Then I met with Christian the training manager for the free orientation and found out I need to lose 40 lbs to be at my target weight. I have a big hill to climb but I'm sure with the direction of their personal training program which they offer I will be able to do this!!
3	Cons: like other people have said, most of the machines need to be swapped in for newer ones. The one on Stephanie should let them have some, they have newer everything. Also, the bathrooms aren't very clean and always smell since I've started working out here. And I don't understand why they decide to clean the gym floor at the busiest time of day around 4 to 7 when everyone is just getting off work. Wires are everywhere and creates a hazard.Pros: main thing is its just down the street, a straight drive. Also it doesn't get too busy, just have to avoid the 4 to 7, and I'll get the machine I need in no time, and they have all the machines you need. The staff, most of them are friendly. Anthony, person who signed me up always says what's up and checks if everything is going okay. People at the counter are always greeting leaving and entering except late at night. The deal for 20/month and you can bring a guest every day is awesome. I bring my gf when she feels like going or bros to go HAM. Would recommend if you want to get serious and not have to deal with the gym being over crowded.
5	I love this place! I thought I knew what I was doing so I was skeptical about working out with a trainer.. I had one session with Ace and was hooked and can't wait to go back! I had a fantastic workout. He pushed me to work harder than I would have on my own and I love how I am feeling today and can't wait for my next workout!! Two thumbs way up for Gold's!!
1	SAVE YOUR TIME AND HEADACHESGolds is a gypsy scam gym. What a pain in the ass. I have belonged to Gold's off and on for over 15 years. I even had a two year membership to this property before I started seeing random charges and canceled. Now I am seeing a random charge two weeks after signing up again and I tried to cancel.I love Gold's, but the brand has gone to garbage. Two weeks ago I signed up with a guy named Jason (who quit today) he told me that I was only responsible for 9.95 a month and that I needed to pay 10 upfront. So I did.Directly after I signed up he told me that it was $25 to cancel early. I tried to pay cash but was told I can't. What type of business doesn't take cash.Today I was doing bills and I noticed that i was charged about $40 from golds. I was not told about the 39.99 for activation at sign up.However... when I went to dispute the charge I was treated like a dick head. NYOSHI the front desk attendant is 1 step away from a sewer rat. She is unintelligent and plays the "unfortunately I can't help you" story.NYOSHI then asked me sit down while she got a manager. A promise she never fulfilled.While I was sitting down, he then sent over a male mutant barbie (probably the biggest dick head of the bunch) where he tried to play the intimidation game with me. Well I don't play games and made it very apparent I don't care how big you are. the bigger they are the harder they fall.He was stupid too. "Let me tell you how I sign people up, he said." I said, "unfortunately I didn't sign up with you." After about 15 minutes of him trying pretend he was proactive I told him that I ABSOLUTELY loved gold's and it was too bad that the employees don't uphold the values of the original brand. It sucks that I have was pushed away by a company that I have supported for many many years.-------------------------------------------------
1	Never been treated so poorly by any member of any staff at any establishment I've ever been to. Needed to fix a billing issue (surprise surprise!) and was told by JERRY "I didn't sell it to you. Call customer care. I can't do anything" He was rude, unhelpful and when I asked if we could call the customer support line TOGETHER to try and get it fixed he refused and said it wasn't his problem but he could give me the number. This place is a scam . They'll charge you for what you didn't agree to and refuse to fix it. Buyer beware.
1	This is the worst Golds Gym I have ever been too. The air is dense and hot like there is no ventilation. Seems very humid inside and most machines are old and starting to break causing them to not work right. I would recommend a different gym.
4	Years have passed and I have been going to this gym ever since my last review. I must say they have improved a lot! the staff is way nicer then before. The cardio machines are still crap because majority of them are broken, specially the elliptical machines.. I've been taking a a lot of the group classes and the instructors are amazing! Let's just say my one star became a four star because of these instructors. I highly recommend doing the Zumba, Body Pump, Cx and Hot hula classes.. those are all great for cardio and the instructors know what they are going. as for the men's bathroom they need to fumigate that it stinks like TUNA CRAP! Can't complain though for 20$ a month..
3	This place needs new machines... I guess you do get what you pay for. Staff doesn't seem to know what they are doing half of the time. Spacious place, its pretty basic in here
1	They totally screwed me over here. They charged me a $25 fee for cancelling early which wasn't on the paper I signed. And also they have a horrible front desk person. And their sauna is never at the right temperature and the door never closes. I would cancel my other membership but they will probably charge me another $25 fee that I don't have. I would give this a 0 star if I could. I do not recommend this place unless you would like to get screwed over too.
4	I have been going to this gym for over a year now and I really like it!! Its close to home so that makes it convenient.. I have learned what times of day not to go since it busier and its hard to get certain machines or benches to use to lift weights.. The staff still seems nice they always so hello but rarely do they ask if i have a towel or good bye when i leave!! I gave a 4 because some of the machines are showing lots of wear and tear! There is one Machine you can do Preacher Curls on that the material is ripped right wear u put ur elbows and i gave gotten scratched from it!Also we do need more circulation of air in there and every time u pass the guys restroom it smells like someone just dumped a load and ran!!My membership is a great price and im happy! Just fix the tears on the machines! Please
3	I usually go to Golds Gym as a guest with my husband when the UNLV gym is closed. Overall, I don't mind it as my "backup" gym; however, the machines need to be updated and replaced. Last night I was on one of the StairMasters and it sounded like it was going to explode (okay, I may be exaggerating but it did sound like it was going to breakdown). Sometimes it is really crowded so I don't get a full workout in. I've found the best time to go is during the late evening. I also just wish there was better lighting, but maybe that's just me.
