4	This place is crowded at around 1 especially if the weather is good. It has no seating area mind you and I have seen the que got outside. Its good quality sandwiches and wraps provided as speedily as possible from the lovely ladies. I really liked my chicken mayo combo and the bread was fresh (which makes a huge difference!). Definitely a positive alternative to subway- despite the difference in price, it is worth it!
5	I discovered this place purely by accident - my usual lunch stop was closed for some unknown reason and I wandered disparingly into Picnic Basket.And frankly, I am glad I did.Not only was it staffed by two of the nicest women ever, there is a huuuge selection of premium, high quality and fresh sandwich fillings to go with a large selection of different seeded, cheese or whole wheat breads, rolls, baguettes... The list goes on. Personally, i always have the same - the spicy chilli prawn cocktail on the brown seeded baguette. Amazing.The trouble is that a lot of other people know how amazing this place is too - if you dont get there quick, you will be at the back of a large queue and they wont have any of your favourate filling left.
4	I'm always a little hesitant about sandwich places like Picnic Basket. Even though they often make a good alternative to crappy prepacked, white bread and slab o'cheese supermarket sandwiches (and for vegetarians your options are usually cheddar cheese or egg and mayonnaise), I always feel that with the same money I could buy an entire loaf of good bread, and some decent filling to last me a week,Having said this, it is not always possible to pack your own lunch and sometimes you just don't want to, and in those cases Picnic Basket will always make a good alternative to those aforementioned assembly line lunches. As sandwich places go, Picnic Basket is one of my favourites. Initial reservation besides I'm still often left  disappointed by the quality. But Picnic Basket provides good sized, fresh wraps and sandwiches with decent produce.The down side is that everyone knows this place is really great, especially students who traipse here from nearby George Sq at lunchtime. Getting here early means avoiding ques.
