3	Dos Gringos is a hit in the nightlife-starved Mesa. The scene is a lot different than the one you'll find in Tempe or Scottsdale however, but the bar is packed most nights of the week.The large bar features umbrella-covered tables, two floors and a menu with items such as burros, enchiladas and sandwiches. You'll find more of an older crowd typically and lots of families. When the bar first opened, I couldn't get past the amount of kids running around a bar at 9 p.m. Thankfully this didn't last much later than 9:30.
3	I agree.  This is not the same Dos you will find in Tempe or Scottsdale.  More food, older crowd, more families.  But it still has the outside patio that seems to be the driving force in AZ bars.
1	Really a bad location and the wait staff could care less if you get served or not. It reminds me of a place that was in such a hurry to open they forgot a few of the must haves. Avoid it like the plague. Also I know many who have had their vehicles towed from parking around Dos Gringos. There is no where to park unless you're one of the first 10 patrons. Food was forgettable and the margarita gets a 1 out of 10 limes from me. Blah!
2	Ok, family-style review.  We ate there recently with our teenagers on the patio outside.  I like the atmosphere.  To me it's a little touch of a bar atmosphere, but not too much, a chance to give the kids a feel for more adult atmosphere w/o feeling like we are too permissive by exposing them to drunks.I had the relleno.  Whatever it was coated in was too cruncy and fried.  I love rellenos and I did not care for the Gringos version.Rest of the family liked their food and we will probably return.  Is it the best Mexican food, no, and it probably wouldn't be the first place we would think of when we are hungry for Mexican.
1	I gave it one star because its only saving grace is that the kitchen is open late...and it serves Pepsi.I ordered (so typical of me) their supersomethinggooey chimichanga. You may as well have brought me a pile of flaming poo. It looked so unappetizing when it was plunked down in front of me. You know when you were a kid and you were forced to eat something you hated and you did all you could to prolong the agony? Well, there were no potted plants within range for me to dump my food in and the napkins were so flimsy I couldn't spit my bites out gracefully. Instead, I pushed away the food and claimed, "I savored every bite and now I'm full.  I'll take it home." My friend loves that place. Why? I can't understand it, either. I dumped the leftovers off in the trash at the Taco Bell I ended up at.Service was crap, food was crap, parking was crap. It's located around the corner from my husband's old office...but hell, if the die hard alkies of my husband's office wouldn't go there, that's saying something. Geez, it's stumbling or in their case, tumbling, distance from work. Even happy hour couldn't persuade the guys to go.  Yes, it's that bad. You know it's bad when the alcoholics say no.Thank god it's all you can drink Pepsi or I wouldn't know what to do with myself. *rolls eyes* I know what I'd do - I'd go to Jack in the Box across the street and bring it over because JITB is better than whatever Dos Gringos could ever try to feed me.PS -- What's up with those park benches for tables?
3	Not a huge fan of this location. I like the set up of this locale but not really a big area outside to dance around at like the other locales I've been to and we came about 9pm on a Saturday night and I was oddly surprised to have seen such an 'older' crowd for lack of better words at this bar. I mean granted still a lil early I suppose but a very large group of older people that night. The service was good though, I will admit. We ended back there Sunday morning for brunch, and to my surprise it was a great cure to a very 'hot mess' of a night. And if you're a bloody Mary fan, they have $3 build your own on Sundays!
1	= = = = = =  SUNDAY BRUNCH BUFFET!  = = = = = =Having had a reasonably good experience at Dos Gringos Mexigrill's Sunday Brunch Buffet in Chandler last week, I decided to give this one a try today.  Preconditioned to their nutball buildings & totally anti politically correct theme, I was ready for the stuff painted on the walls, such as, "Women love men who eat tacos", & "Over 1,000,000 tacos served.  Are you next?"  What I WASN'T prepared for was a short serving of lukewarm food choices in a cold restaurant!The indoors of this place is virtually outdoors, & it was cold, rainy, & windy outside.  Now I don't expect them to remodel the place for me, but there's no excuse for having a brunch buffet & then having only a little food out there, plus empty serving trays, & offering food that should be hot at near room temperature.  There needs to be a minimum of table service too, even though it's a buffet, & there wasn't.  For instance, I had to use my plate over again to go for some seconds of the mediocre food.They should stop having the "Sunday Brunch Buffet" if they can't do better than this.  For the record it's $7.99, but skip it.
3	Their Cinco party is one of the better ones in the Mesa/Gilbert area. The patio is ginormous. Service is hit or miss, usually sitting at the bar eliminates that problem. Pours are pretty generous. Happy hour specials are very good.
1	Nothing but trash that comes into this place! Food is average but I would recommend trying somewhere else
3	Oh Dos Gringos in Tempe (Priest),   i miss you like crazy!! you were always my go to spot!!   Chuck (bestest bartender ever) is soo much fun and keeps you smiling.   uhh i digress.. Now that im in Mesa, This place is close,... and is still alot of fun..  The same kind of atmosphere, and happy hour specials, and the employees are super sweet, and became fast friends.  That being said,  the crowd just doesn't seem as fun and outgoing here.  I love meeting new people, and at this Dos,  the peeps just don't seem as friendly. hmm, maybe living soo far out makes everyone put their crabby pants on??  I've only had the Apps at this location, but so far, everything is equally as delish here as the other locations. Maybe i just need to give the atmosphere more of a chance now that the weather is warming up,...   I'll  keep ya posted !
4	It is easily the best bar in east mesa.   Not like the other Dos Gringos.  It's more of a neighborhood bar.  Still fun they have a Dj on fri and sat.  Beeer pong and alot of other games to play.  And beach cruiser friendly!
3	Good greasy american mexican food. The hummus burritos are wonderful.
4	Dos Gringos is always a great place no matter when you go.  The recently re-modeled their inside to make it more fun!  They have full size Jenga, beer pong, Golden Tee, a Ms. Pacman machine, bean bag toss, and more.  They always have great drink specials and a friendly staff.  On my most recent visit, the manager bought our first round of drinks because he thought we waited to long-great service!  Food is good too.
1	Dos Gringos can kiss my California BOOTY!!  The only people who come here are losers who THINK they are cool, people looking for a fight, and people who just turned 21.  The place is dirty and the staff is rude.  The bouncers think they rule the world and if you're not a "regular," they hassle you.  God forbid you hold your beer bottle in a way that they don't like.  Listen up peeps - do yourselves a favor and pass this place up!  Meeting behind the dumpster with a bottle of tequila would be better than going inside this dump.  NEVER AGAIN DOS GRINGOS!!!!
4	Came here for lunch, my bf loves their Street Tacos, personally I wasn't a fan of the tacos but Wow I was impressed with my Super Cheesey Gooey Chimichanga.I was skeptical at first but it really isn't overloaded with cheese like I was worried it would be, like too much cheese and not enough meet.It was SO good, loaded with shredded pork, and the green sauce gave it good flavor. I wasnt too sure what "jalepeno cream cheese" meant, but it turned out to be this really delicious cheese sauce with a nice jalepeno flavor and kick to it. The fresh pico de gallo along with the shredded pork and creamy sauce just came together so nicely. Will definitely come back.
4	We've been to Dos Gringos twice now.  Once on a Saturday afternoon and then last night (a Friday).  I've enjoyed myself both times.  They've got a great patio....lots of tables, misters and fans.  The Saturday afternoon was very mellow.  Not many people there....outside anyways.  Margs were decent....so was the food.  Nothing spectacular though.Last night we got there during happy hour.  There were plenty of tables available, and we had a bunch of $3 margs and $5 appetizers.  They also had a really fun band, but they were unfortunately done playing by like 9pm.  Wish they could have played longer but I guess there's a DJ there later.Overall, a fun place.  I didn't see anyone behaving badly, but we left by 10pm.  There were all different types of people...all different ages.  Maybe things get a little crazier as it gets later.  Don't know.  We'll definitely be back though!
1	I am surprised at the positive reviews on this place. I will not go here ever again. Every time the service was horrible and my waitresses and bartender in particular were always very rude. I would have to flag them down myself just to get a menu. It doesn't help that the atmosphere is a outside setting. Yes they have misters but its too hot and there are hardly any seats available at the bar because the misters have soaked the seats.
1	OVERPRICED. Watch out for the losers with tall socks and flipped brims :)
4	I went here for the first time a few weeks ago on a Saturday night. I got there around 8pm and there was a good crowd already. We managed to get a table right next to the heaters because it was one of the few spots with one. The waiter was attentive and the crowd was pleasant. As soon as it was 10pm, the crowd got fairly large, and the waiter still came around often. I was impressed! The only problem I had was the drinks were on the watered down side... I like a little more Jack with my Coke.
2	Good place to go when you're already drunk and don't mind bad service & bad food.
4	I live right down the road from here been here a handful of times usually at night on the weekend I do like the outside setting the drinks are decent if u go in the winter it does kinda suck if its chilly out.  The only thing I've had here food wise are the carne asada tacos and wow were they good didn't expect it. Atmosphere is up and down as well sometimes its easy to find a table other times it sucks. I haven't been here for a while so I don't know if anything has changed.
1	Went on a  saturday night,had a few beers and declined the meal because it was just disgusting, completely not edible. went to go play pool and  durnign the first game we saw a cook with a plate of food in hand and two PLUNGERS in the other, bringing the food into the restroom while putting the plungers back(wonder what they were even doing in the kitchen)..realized why the food was so ransom, never ever ever again
3	Not the best Dos, but not the worst.The food is good. Two words: taco specials. Mixed drinks are meh, except for their margs. Huge patio.Every time weve gone here for HH lately, their live music has been way too loud. That mixed w/ people playing (and losing) red neck oversized Jenga, dont make for a good place to talk to the people youre hanging out w/.
3	Nice location; cool servers.
1	satan himself could not have dreamed of a more dreadful dead end shit hole as this. Nor would satan have made a worse taco. how is it possible to screw up a taco? its a tortilla with meat, onions, cilantro, and sauce of some sort. however, dos gringos managed to screw up at its most basic level. i couldn't eat those poor excuses of tacos. anyone claiming that they're ok should be in an institution or better yet, fed to an animal.as far as people that lurk around this place, those poor bastards look like rejects from the worst of the worst from the college gene pools. the most unattractive group i've seen in ages.by all means, stay away from this place unless you love eating terrible food and like hanging out with less than stellar people.
1	my review has been deleted, and my review explains my exact previous meal here. I'm only speaking the truth, not trying to talk trash just to ruin this restaurants reputation or no reason. They literally need to restart from the ground up. have you ever seen the movie The Waiting, will this is the place in real life. My father sent his food back because it was cold, and he told her to put it in the microwave and not to spit in it (no joke) she laughed and said, " What do you think this is the movie Waiting"???? I ordered the street tacos because it was there signature dish, it was incredibly cold and had a bunch of unedible fat. Thirty minutes after i ate i had the worst pain in my stomach and threw up consistently through the night ( end of the weekend for me. not half as bad as when we were playing pool and we saw a waiter with two plungers in one hand and cheese dip in the other hand leaving the kitchen and stopping thorugh the bathroom first!!! man how does the health department not shut this forsaken place down.Nicholas
2	While the food wasn't bad...but not real good either, their drinks were VERY weak, probably because it was happy hour. My friend and I had 2-3 margaritas each, a shot each, and a beer each and never felt buzzed or anything. I'm guessing they give you about half the regular alcohol during happy hour. Tasted like we were just drinking Margarita mix and fruit punch.
2	Mucho CrapoBy The RueThe only reason this gets two stars,Is becuase of the patio and the bar, Also because it isn't too far,I've even had them double charge my card. They charge to much for a brew, The food is mediocre at best if only I knew,I would have hit a Del Taco drive through,Not even worth going to look for someone to screw.The tacos were tiny and at six bucks,I could have gotten a Double Del Delux,You're just a trendy name for the college f**ks,When ASU is playing Oregon you route for the ducks.I really doubt I'll come in here again,Not with an enemy or even a friend,It seems that your greed has no end,I don't care if it's $2 you call it's starting at ten. Uno Crappo!
2	First time here. Don't really have a problem with the food, it is just very average. The service was a little on the slow side, especially for such a SLOW night. There were literally only three tables inside with customers. The bar was a little busy, and therein lies the problem. This must be one of the last great frontiers for smokers. Although it is legal to smoke on an outside patio technically, what is not OK is to let the smoke and nasty smell waft in through the open doors constantly, ruining your quiet enjoyment of your meal. We will NOT be back.
2	Do you come here often? This old line would definitely work here. Great for families or old marrieds looking to get out of the house and laugh-out-loud for a few hours. This place is a brightly colored, entertainingly, loud, home away from home, covered in unexpected but, laughtasticly humorous saying that creatively remind you of where you are.I have been here a few times in the past, with friends, unsually during the day (Day drinking, as their shirts say). So, the other Saturday night I decided to head over after some strenuous solo christmas shopping. Looking to relax, refuel, drink, flirt and..... (nevermind, it didn't happen anyways). I parked near the Greenfield side and walked up to what I thought was the main door. But, it was locked! The thought crossed my mind that they may be closed? But, the loud music led me around the corner to the chill-friendly security door check who informed me that they serve food until 2am and wished me a good time. As I made my way inside the place was pretty busy on the patio, with a live DJ, no seats left at the bar, and absolutley no one but staff on the inside, I guess that was their intention.I found a nice spot (with great viewing) on a corner table in the patio area, far too big for just myself, but who knows, the night was still young... Within seconds, my server was at my table taking my drink order and right back to take my food order (Ugh, I MUST have looked famished! Or he's just that good?) He was back over in a few minutes with my chips and salsa and appologized that the food would be taking longer than normal. I thanked him and told him it was no problem, as I was in no hurry. As I waited I finally had a chance to really look around. I have to admit, I was quite surprised to see so many regular farmer, construction types had filled the place with their jealous polential wife types (just the feeling I got). It reminded me of my visits to the NW! I guess I'll have to make an appearance at this place more often! I felt like the best looking thing to happen to this place in awhile and I was totally cas in jeans and sneakers! It was a little surreal! Although the stinky eye lady glances in my general direction were getting a bit annoying (...remember, corner table seat.) I wanted to say: Ladies, PUHLEASE, I am NOT looking at your man! ...I am simply trying to lip read Joe Rogan's mouth for the details of the UFC fight. (the other best looking thing in the place, besides me. Yeah, it was one of THOSE nights) Sheesh! But, they would have never heard me over the DJ beats and the cornhole game happening in the walk way. Just then, my food arrived. Luckily, I had asked them to make it to go. I had read the handy yelp reviews on this Supergooeycheese chimi thingy and Man! This thing did not dissappoint! I dug right into it! Fully loaded and super flavorful! It has this amazing smelling/ tasting jalapeno cream sauce and ?lbs of cheese I asked the servicer, but I forgot (lost in the deliciousness) he smiled as he explained, knowing exactly what I was experiencing. It actually got better with every overloaded mouth full! Quarterway through I paused just long enough to realize I was already stuffed! But, by that time I was pretty much done with the discomfort of the corner seat with a 'greeat' view.Overall, a great place to take the fam to get out of the house for a nightlife atmosphere with generous sized portions of food and not have to dirty your own kitchen. Buuut, not the best place to go for a 'meeting' or a friendly conversation with strangers.
3	Not bad.  not great.
4	I am typically not a fan of this establishment but the servers, especially Erin, have been great. They create meals from scratch the way I want it. I am on a low-carb diet and got the fajitas on a bed of salad. This is a combination of two different meals and they didnt hesitate. The food came out perfect and now I order it at least once a week for lunch. I love a place that'll cater to what I want and still deliver quality food.
5	Had lunch with my daughter today, who isn't a fan of this type of restaurant, and we both cleaned our plates! She had the Chopped Chicken Salad and I had a meal prepared just the way I like it, steak fajitas with pico, veggies, and avocado. Low carb is how I like it and that's how they served it. Dragana was the name of our server and she was prompt, courteous, friendly, and very welcoming. If every Dos Gringos had a Dragana working for them I would probably visit more of them. This is my hot spot for lunch. The food, service, and price was excellent!
3	This place has a large range in reviews! It's not a bad bar but it's not the best thing in the world. Because of the location I feel it attracts an older crowd and yes even families. The food here is decent so I noticed quite a few people come here to just eat, on their special nights like taco Tuesdays. During the week it's an older crowd and people are there to eat, on the weekends the younger crowd rolls in and it's more of a bar than a place to eat. The food is decent, it's a bar serving Mexican food so you have to keep that in mind, its not going to be authentic. They have a few different drink specials, more beer specials than anything; unfortunately the mixed drinks are mediocre and are pretty pricey. The set up is pretty cool for they have a big open patio with a bar, a Corn Hole game set up, Jenga stations and pool tables. If you get there early on the weekend you can snag the back corner inside and it has a little private area for beer pong, Jenga and a little bar right next to you, kind of perfect for a group of friends. The staff is always friendly and quick with drinks and food orders. In the end its A-OK by me if your looking for just a place to chill.
5	My favorite thing about this place is the bartender Jen (service) and the ability to create whatever dish I want. I change it up often and they dont even question it. On the contrary they encourage it. I haven't had a bad meal yet.
3	It's your typical Dos Gringos, except located in a deserted strip mall, which is a bit odd but I guess good for parking.Same setup as every other Dos in town, except the help here is sparse.  It's impossible to get a drink, whether you have a server or go to the bar, as it seems everyone is in super slow motion.  Very strange.  Overall, what you would expect from a Dos Gringos in east Mesa/Gilbert area. Nothing fancy.
4	I'm not much for bars but since my friends are this is their jam. This place has friendly staff. I enjoyed the Jenga & been bag games. better than being at a grungy old bar
5	Everybody knows what to expect of Dos...but I had to drop in and leave a five star review...I was in two weeks back for tax day and had the best experience ever here due to the most attentive server I've had at this location...her name is Chanel and she took care of my friend and I...being in the industry it's always nice to have a server that truly hustles...hats off to Chanel!
1	Well, not coming back. 35 minutes went by and the waitress made eye contact three times... Hmmm... So Melissa, if your going to survive as a waitress, get it together.
3	It's a typical bar. Good happy hour and late night specials though. Service could always be better, but that's true of most Dos bars. What brings us back to this one is the location, the food, and the cheap drinks. Oh, and the gigantic Jenga blocks or cornhole keeps the evening fun too.There are DJs on some nights and every Thursday is ladies night, so the ladies get a special discount on drinks.
2	We so wanted this place to be good.  Really we did.  We have been here for (nearly) four months and have yet to find a Mexican restaurant we like, which is very disappointing.  Any suggestions are welcome!I found this place on the Phoenix's event calendar stating that they offer good mimosa and bloody mary deals on the weekends.  Honestly, I just thought the pictures looked fun and the over-sized Jenga needed to be played.  So, we used our Saturday morning to give this place a go.When you walk up, it is fairly obvious that this place took over what used to be a lawn and garden center of a store.  Nothing wrong with that - it was funky and eclectic.  The entryway is neat and has fun touristy "stick-your-face" in the cutout and look like something else photo props out front.  We decided it was decent enough outside to sit in their porch area under one of the misters.  The booths are two steps up and fun - but a touch awkward for our shorter waitress considering that the extra foot off the ground for the table didn't exactly extend her reach.  We got our drinks quickly and I order the pick 2 combo while my fiancee ordered the street tacos.  My pick 2 - gringo rolls and mini tacos (fried mini tacos with shredded beef and avocado salsa) which came with a side of rice / beans - $10.  His meal was the shredded chicken mini tacos with jalapeno salsa (didn't include rice and beans) - $11.  Gringo Rolls - decent.  Kinda bland.  It was simply mashed black beans and cheese wrapped in a tortilla.  They weren't bad, but weren't amazing.  Mini Tacos were my favorite, but just as the name implies they were definitely tiny and there were only 2 of them on the plate.  Surprisingly the rice and beans were totally bland and without flavor.  Boo.  I'll be honest, I was hungry about 2 hours later. The waitress was nice and got us refills and such in a timely manner.  No complaints there.  Overall: C-(I would recommend them for a late night bar to drink some beer and watch tv - that's about it - maybe play a round of giant Jenga.)
5	Giving this place 5 stars because it's where we go to get wasted. I've never eaten here but it's a nice place to hang out with your buddies at night.my only complaint is that they could have a better selection of "girly" drinks.
5	I'm on a low carb diet and I had the fajitas sans tortilla and rice, added pico and avocado and it was delicious. I would give the food a 4 but Jen, the bartender, makes this place a 5+. I travel a lot and meet a lot of people. This gal is a quality gal. She catered to my diet and is the epitome of great customer service. This is by far the best Dos Gringos I've ever been to because of the people that work there. I'm not going every day because I don't live nearby but I'll make the visit for those steak and shrimp fajitas and the customer service!
3	This location has a big patio and a different clientele than the Scottsdale location (which is the only other Dos Gringos I've been to).  I had never been here before, and at first I thought that the restaurant was the nursery section of a Home Depot or something.  It's not too pretty, but it's functional.  The staff were friendly.  Our server was on top of food and cerveza orders.  I went on a Sunday, and they had $3 Coronas all day, which was nice.  They have a giant Jenga-type game, and bean bag toss game on the patio, which would be fun, except for that when I went there was a motorcycle club hogging all the space.
3	Wow, this place isn't what I remember.. Either I've gotten older and look great for my age or everyone else has aged horribly. I think im the youngest chick her, or maybe the chick with the baby is, either way.. Unless the drinks flow faster it may be a short visit.
4	Well done! Had a delicious, full of flavor dinner and great customer service. We will be coming back
5	Awesome food.  First time here and we will definitely be back for more.  Came on a Saturday afternoon with the kids.  Ate inside.  Kids each had great cheese crisps and wife and I had shredded chicken tacos and chorizo enchiladas.  Everything was great.  Stayed for some drinks-$3 make your own bloody mary's- and listened to radical 80s tunes!Cheap cheap food and really great atmosphere.  We'll see this place again!
5	Loved the specials and service! My husband and I decided to stop in for a quick bite and some margaritas yesterday for happy hour and the specials were outstanding! My margarita was $3 and the nachos we shared were HUGE and only $7! Our waitress was Amy and she went out of her way to explain the specials and what the restaurant was all about since this was our first visit. She compared the restaurant to Rocky Point in Mexico, and surely the atmosphere resembled it. It was refreshing to receive quality service, enjoy fresh food, and not pay a penny over $20 at the same time! Will return soon!!
4	I had the supergooeycheesy chimichanga. It was delicious! Best ever. The service was fast and friendly. We will definitely be coming back. We sat out on the patio. Lots of people and a nice atmosphere. If you prefer peace and quiet you probably wouldn't like it. It's a typical bar atmosphere. Nice to unwind with a drink though.
4	The food has always been good and the servers are always amazing! Its a cool place to hang out, but unfortunately is one of the only bars in gilbert so its kind of the only places to go.. and its usually older people.
1	The worse "mexican" food I have ever had! I am white and I can prepare more authentic mexican food. But can't expect much from a bar.
4	this place never fails. Everything is good.
2	I have been to this location before and the staff is always very nice and friendly but we experienced something very different this time we went. From the moment we arrived our server was rude to us. She never told us her name (She has short dark redish hair) I am a server and I understand that you can have a bad night but you shouldnt take it out on other customers. The bar was about half full so it wasnt like it was extremely busy but it took over 20 mins to get our drinks every time we put in an order. We ended up after the 3rd round of drinks just ordering from the bar. It took over 40 mins to get the chips and salsa we ordered. She also didnt know the prices of drinks. One of the members of our group was paying cash instead of starting a tab with a card and she kept telling her a different price for the same drink every time she order another round. To top it off she spilt a drink all over two people at our table plus someones phone. She didnt even apologize. Bartenders were very nice and there was a server with blonde hair and dark framed glasses that was extremely nice as well.
