5	When you find a great physical therapist, he can seem like a magician.  The magician observes you, listens to you describe some mysterious injury or strain that has been bothering you for weeks/months/years and diagnoses a solution that had eluded you the whole time.I went into Achieve Physical Therapy with a reoccurring running injury--shin splints on long runs.  I'd tried stretching and most of the well-worn solutions from running magazines and books.  But I couldn't shake the tight muscles and aching shins.  On a doctor's recommendation, I went in to see Chris at Achieve Physical Therapy.  After watching me run, he broke down the mechanics of running for me.  After teaching me about how different parts of the body work and strain while you're running, he designed a simple, but effective method of strengthening the minor muscles that were causing the aches and pains.  Seems like common sense, but I hadn't seen the exercises he prescribed in any running publication.Now, weeks after starting physical therapy, my minor muscles are stronger, my running style more fluid (on advice from Chris) and aches are muted and/or non-existent.  Like I said: magic.I recommend Achieve Physical Therapy and Chris for any of you endurance runners out there who have been in pain while pounding through the miles.  He can really help.
5	PT Chris is the best!  It's only been 3 weeks and I am walking great!!! :). Next step jumping out of a plane this weekend and running by next week...oh yeah and wearing heels!   All the staff here are warm and friendly and make a difficult situation better!
5	Every review has mentioned the staff and rightfully so. Everyone from the front desk to the therapist were phenomenal. My sister is currently going through rehab for her ankle injuries and has been praising the immense progress. With each visit another member of my family seems to enjoy this place a little more. When it was my mom's turn to take my sister, she was practically falling asleep in the waiting area. It was nice of the staff to take her to a private room and sleep while my sister went through treatment. I like how lively they are. Between the two gentlemen working, they both created a lively atmosphere by teasing Diana. As an older brother, I am all about torturing my younger sibling. The hour that she was there, she did five or six different exercises. This made her happy because she enjoyed the workout. What a gym rat.
5	Awesome.... best I've ever been. Henry is great . Very knowledgeable. All the staff is very helpful and kind..... if you need PT, this is it. Don't look further.
