4	Tonight we tried La Bona Pasta and we really enjoyed it!  They just opened (used to be the Daisy Cafe) so they are still getting into the swing of things, but if they can keep the amount of business they had tonight, business will be good!I had the Carbonara and wife had the Pomodora and we both really did enjoy them.  We also had dessert Creme Brule' and Tiramisu and both are large enough to share, but both very good.  We will be back to try more dishes!
4	I love restaurants that make you feel like you've watched a little too much of the Food Network...The biggest benefit was the fact that there is a portion of your menu where you can choose one of their specialty sauces and pair it with your favorite pasta.  So I rooted through my memory of Alton Brown's 'Good Eats' shows trying to remember the uses of each type of pasta...and then remembered I'm not a pasta afficionado.Prices are a tiny bit higher than say Olive Garden, but if given a choice between the two, I'd come back to La Bona Pasta.  Why?  Beccause they are FRESHThe kitchen is wide open for you so it's not like they could drop a piece of chicken on the floor, or pick an orfice on their body and return to preparing your food.  They do everything right there!Oh, and if one was worried about the fact that the prices are a couple of dollars more than a chain restaurant, one would only have to click on the following link: http://couponclipper.com/loc/LA-BONA-PASTA Which offers a 'buy one, get one half off' on lunch or dinner.  Fabulous!  I couldn't print it so I showed the coupon from my phone and they didn't hesitate to take it!  I would recommend printing it though, I think it might be easier for them.  It's good until next month but I'll bet they issue out another one when that one's done and you can be sure I'll use it!Now Foodward!  My friend ordered the Carbonara with fettucini, and I got the Sauce a La Bona Pasta with angel hair.  We each tried the other's dish.  While the Carbonara was well executed (what could you possibly have a complaint about a lovely creamy sauce and PANCETTA??), we both agreed that we liked the signature sauce even better.  The Sauce a La Bona -or whatever it was called; who cares about the name it was Yummy!- included a creamy marinara sauce with bits of moist chicken, broccoli, and porcini mushrooms.  It was perfect with the angel hair but I could see it with fusili or farfalle as well.We finished off the night with the tiramisu, which was definitely homemade and definitely one of the best I've had.  I didn't like the sauces they put on the plate...I know they did it for decor purposes, but I would have rather had a light dusting of cocoa on the plate, a little whipped cream, with a sprig of mint.  It would have complemented the cake much better.  So to sum up this experience, I was more than happy about my meal and am extremely jealous I don't have a place like this closer to my house.  So La Bona Pasta, if Litchfield Park's rent is a little too much for you, we would be more than happy to have you move North!!
1	Friendly staff and convenient location (halfway between our friends' new house and ours).  Awful food.  Our friends just moved and after helping them rearrange furniture, we needed to find some food quickly.  Wanting to support this recently opened, non-chain restaurant, we agreed to try it (despite my Italian skepticism at any restaurant that misspells "Buona" in its name!)Like Nicolas M, I too am Italian. I traveled across Italy and sampled the bounty of small town Italy, feasting at my cousin's home in Molise.  I appreciate great food, but also want to see the small business owner succeed and applaud anyone who has the chutzpah to open a restaurant in this still-crappy economy.Our non-Italian friends were here before and said it was OK (I know, with that glowing endorsement, why didn't I steer them elsewhere?).  We entered on a Saturday just before 6pm.  We were the ONLY patrons!  We've dined out several times with our friends and their 3yr old son.  This is the first time I've seen the boy so spooked at a restaurant.  Maybe he was having The Godfather flashbacks or just didn't know what to make of a restaurant with no other customer?!  This is a great kid who is normally well behaved in restaurants, but here, he was nervous and on the verge of tears for about 10 minutes! There was a man and a woman (possibly the owners) and then a chef.  After her first visit, my friend said she thought they were speaking Italian.  However, I quickly confirmed they were speaking Spanish (not that there's anything wrong w/that but I wouldn't be confident at a Chinese restaurant to hear the staff speaking Polish)!  I really really wanted to ask them what region they were from in Italy, but my husband made me keep Princess Snarkella locked up.They brought a basket of mediocre garlic bread.  It was nicely garlicky, but had a fresh-from-the-Costco-freezer texture.  Sad to admit, but we ate it, so they brought us another basket, which was overcooked and not as garlicky as the first batch.  REALLY??  With only 1 table, is it that hard to achieve a little consistency with the bread?!?!?!We perused the overly crowded and confusing menu.  Confusing because of the many spelling errors and typos, as well as the "Feline" or "brown sauce" mentioned by Nicolas M.  What the heck is "Feline" sauce?!?!?  I Googled to see if it was misspelled, trying such variations as Fellini or Felini but found nothing.  Needless to say, if you're going to misspell or misname a sauce, you MIGHT want to avoid any connotations that conjure up family pets.Also strange was the way the man presented the daily specials.  He came to our table with 3 plates wrapped in plastic wrap, featuring the actual food items that they probably would have put flame to had we chosen one of the specials. Again, too many choices.  Is it really necessary to offer 3 daily specials at a small cafe?  They would be better off following in the steps of the fabulous Postino by choosing to focus on a few menu items while preserving the utmost quality, rather than a landslide of "meh" options.My pasta Genova was probably the best at the table, a creamy pesto sauce with linguine.  The sauce had an OK flavor, but the pine nuts were like a rainbow....some very light, some a nicely toasted golden color, some a darker brown and a few overcooked to a deep chocolaty hue.  My husband ordered some creamy type sauce with peas and pancetta over penne.  It was flat.  Our friend's chicken with red sauce was abominable.  I think I would rather have Ragu!!  The only item I didn't try was my friend's husband's lasagna.Although they have no liquor license yet, they do have a very reasonable $5.00 corkage fee, and had I realized this policy, I would have happily grabbed a bottle or two of Seghesio Zinfandel at the Safeway.Dessert tray was impressive looking and our friends' son adored their chocolate cheesecake-type selection, but we were again meh about our creme brulee type dish.Please La Buona Pasta, check your spellings (consult an Italian-English dictionary, pick up a Lidia Bastianich cookbook, hell, even visit a Macaroni Grill, at least they have proof-readers). And cut the menu options by at least 60%.  Find a few items you can perfect and stick with those.  Less is best.  Any good Italian knows the most delicious food consists of a few top-quality ingredients simply prepared with loveBuona Fortuna!.
3	We walked into La Bona Pasta on a Saturday afternoon. We were the only people in there. I felt like the atmosphere was a little weird. The staff were awkward. I really wanted to leave but my boyfriend insisted that we stay. I was not blown away by the food. It wasn't bad but definitely not worth the price. Probably won't be going back.
5	My husband and I enjoy trying new restaurants especially non-chain ones.  We have been several times to La Bona Pasta and have had a great experience each time we've been.  The staff is friendly and the food is delicious.
5	We ate at La Bona Pasta last Thursday for dinner and we can't wait to go back.  The food was very good... FRESH, the atmosphere was inviting and the service was excellent.   They have an extensive menu, so there is something for everyone.  We each had something different for dinner and we were all very pleased.  The prices were very reasonable and a salad was included with our meals.We prefer to support family owned businesses.... We are tired of the chains with their mediocre food and service.  La Bona Pasta, you are a classy, casual operation!
2	The food was very good, pasta, sauce and meats were excellent the bread was so-so. They do have a liquor licence now and the staff was very friendly.Why two stars? probably the slowest service I have gotten in years and the temperature was way too hot! It took two hours fifteen minutes to complete dinner. It was about 30 minutes before we even got water! They place wasn't packed just slow. What the problem is, is that the kitchen is very small and there is just one chef. What they need to do is take reservations and sit only one table of four every half hour, or expand the kitchen/staff. They also need to find a better bread supplier and turn the AC down a few degrees.
4	5 stars for the food 2 stars for service ( its very very very slow) 3 stars for ambiance, they need to remodel a bit and update if they want to charge that price. The portion is fair. It's not huge like other places but it's good enough. They should change out the plate so it looks like more.
2	My husband and I have been driving by this restaurant for months now and when we drive by we always see people in there and we have been saying to each other, we need to try that place.  Well today we did,  we really wanted to like it, even talked about maybe having dinner there for Valentine's Day.  We ordered brushetta for an appetizer, the order came to the table on 2 separate plates for each of us on a large piece of bread, the same bread they use as garlic bread, but the odd thing is the tomatoes were hot.  I have never had hot brushetta.  Husband ordered the ceasar salad and I got the chicken piccatta and minestrone soup.  The soup was bland and consisted of carrots, celery and a few chunks of zucchini.  The chicken piccatta had no flavorm the chicken was over cooked and the piccatta  sauce was weirdly thick. The meal came with sauteed veggies and pasta with marinara sauce.  The pasta was over cooked and I have had better sauce out of a jar.  So disappointed because there are not many good Italian restaurants out here and being from Chicago I know a good Italian restaurant when I eat at one.  When we finished we talked about where else we will spend our money for our Valentine's Day dinner.  .
4	Great experience, with very, very good food. It would hands down been 5 stars if I had more non-wheat food choices. Overall this restaurant brought us back to Europe unlike many that have tried. Why?1. Service and attention to the customer was non-pushy and attentive when we wanted.2. Salad was our choice all around (8 of us) and the order came to us fresh. Very fresh! 3. Main course was very reminiscent of what I've ordered in Pisa or Cinque Terra. I had angel hair pasta with clams and other mussels. Yum! I'm wheat intolerant, but it was worth the sacrifice.4. Prices were reasonable. $58 for four people and that included tip.5. We were welcomed there heartily for over two hours!We will be back ... Soon!
1	Went on Friday night at 6 PM for dinner. It is a small place and about 75% of the tables were occupied. Like others said, we waited almost 30 montes just to get water. There is only one waiter for the whole place. We finally got drinks after 45 minutes. It took 2 hours to eat a simple dinner of spaghetti. The food was good but the service is horribly slow and the restaurant is ridiculously hot! Don't think we'll go back.
3	A large group of friends and I had dinner here the other night and this was my first time dining here.  It is nice to have an Italian place so close to the house and no matter what you read here, I will be back to try something different...please read on.  Since it was a party, there had been a preset menu with a choice of salad or Minestrone soup and 3 separate entree's.  The three entree's were Rotelle Pasta with Pork Sausages served in a bowl, Chicken Parmesan over a pasta and veggies or a Chicken Picatta.  I opted for the Minestrone Soup and the Chicken Picatta.  The soup was tasty but if I had to guess, it came from a can.  It was very Campbell's tasting. The Picatta was served with some delicious saute'd veggies which included halved Brussel Sprouts, Carrots and Leeks.  Pasta on the side with a basic marinara was also served, Farfalle, simple and good.  The chicken however was like a little hockey puck, rubbery and difficult to cut through.  A large disappointment for sure!  Thank goodness for the lemon and caper sauce as it was delicious and aided in getting me through it, although I did not finish it as it was far too much work. Chicken should be melt in your mouth tender, not shoe leather. The service was slow, mainly due to lack of experience I would have to guess.  They have 2 girls who barely speak English and were slow as if they were working in the Bahamian Islands where time matters to no one.  They meant well but were better suited as baby sitters or factory workers, certainly not servers.  The dessert was most impressive!  We were shown a tray of 12 items which all looked wonderful!  Presentation was done right and all the items were amazingly top-notch.  The Creme' Brule' was large enough that 3 people could have shared it.  The cheese cake, chocolate mousse were also excellent but as I later found out came from a box at Restaurant Depot and not made in house.   My understanding was the owner was also the chef.  When I walked up to the counter to buy some Cannoli to take home and he asked me personally how I felt about the restaurant.  I smiled and said it was nice, which it was, but certainly having room for much improvement.  Since this was a pre-set menu, I want to return and eat off of the regular menu as I understand its rather expansive by comparison.  Once that happens, I will re-do my review and see where he rates.  the Cannoli were hand piped in front of me and were definitely a hit at the house!  Until then, try it out.  Everyone else I have spoken to has good things to say and good experience to pass along.  Sadly I cannot get on that bandwagon until a 2nd visit.  Enjoy!!
5	It's unfair to review this place poorly for the slow service. It seems to be a small family run restaurant consisting of 3 staff members (manager, waitress, chef). It's really lovely inside and has a very classy atmosphere. If you come at dusk you can sit by the window in candlelight and get a full view of the sunset. I took my fiance here on a date and it was very romantic. The food is exquisite. Certainly in the top tier of quality. In fact it's the finest food I have had in the area outside of the very expensive restaurants in Scottsdale.I will agree that the service is on the slow side. But the staff are very friendly and it's worth the wait in my opinion.
5	What a find.  Went there because of a online coupon but this place is a gem. Being seniors we of course went early, if you consider 5 oclock being early. So the service was prompt and so very friendly. We felt like we were friends that stopped by for dinner.  As for dinner it was delicious and portions were ample. We will definitely go back without a coupon it was that good. Do not pass up this gem of a restaurant if you like homemade Italian food.  I give it an A ++.
3	The food was fresh and just ok.  The service staff is a little akward but the service was good. It's not a special place you just can't wait to tell people about.  My kids didn't like the spaghetti sauce.  I wasn't crazy about it either.   I had the fish special and enjoyed it.  This restaurant is a little expensive but you do get a big serving.
5	La Bona Pasta in Litchfield Park is by far the BEST Italian food we have had in Arizona.  Each dish is made to order with superbly fresh ingredients.  I loved the crisp tablecloths, fresh flowers on each table, great music, a good wine list, bottled beer and NO televisions!  Don't ever eat at Olive Garden again!   We went for lunch and had food to take home.  NOTE:  This is a slow food restaurant, like the best Italian restaurants.  Don't expect hurried service.
4	Just visited La Bona Pasta for the first time and really enjoyed it.  We live nearby and have been driving by without trying it for a long time.  We decided we wanted something different for dinner and found a coupon so we figured what the heck.The restaurant is located in a strip mall and the dining room is very small.  The kitchen is open so you can watch them prepping and cooking while you wait.  This makes the atmosphere very cozy and I think adds to the experience.The staff was very attentive and friendly and the food was fresh and tasted home made.  Definitely no microwaves here.We're happy that we finally gave La Bona Pasta a try and will definitely be back again soon.
4	We tried this place a few weeks ago by chance. Who knew you could have fine dining in a strip mall? They are a lovely slow paced relax and enjoy yourself place! Bought a groupon and took some friends, they loved it too. The staff are welcoming and knowledgeable they are happy to work with you to make you what you want so you leave full and happy. Meal for 4 with non alcoholic drinks and 1 dessert was 95,  that was with 2 lobster pasta specials. Not cheap but not over the top and well worth it.
4	This was our first time at La Bona Pasta.  It is a keeper!  A basket of wonderfully hot bread was brought to us.  There were two pieces of yummy garlic bread and hot rolls.  We ordered the appetizer of baked brie.  The toasted Italian bread was topped with a thick slice of of brie.  On top of that was a ton of shaved garlic that had been simmered in balsamic vinegar.  This could have been a whole meal.The salad would have been so much better had they left out the oregano and maybe thyme?  It was too overpowering.
1	This restaurant has very poor business practices. I looked online at there menu located on their website and placed an order to go. Gave my credit card and found out only when picking it up that the price had changed 4 more than what was posted on the website. I brought it their attention and they said sorry but would not adjust my credit card. I then pulled out their to go menu that was at the restaurant to find that the price was the same as the website. They took the to go menus and threw them in the trash but would still not adjust my credit card. I will never go to the restaurant again. They would not even talk to me or make it right after I pointed out their mistake in two different areas. Bad business and rude. Be careful
5	Delicious food, and well worth the price. I loved the soup and homemade bread.
5	This place is wonderful and the staff was extremely friendly. The food was amazing and the prices were about the same as any other Italian place. For those of you saying the service is slow maybe you should slow down. We enjoyed the fact we were able to go in and not feel like we were bring rushed out the door so they could put the next set of butts at our table. We choose to share a meal and the waitress and kitchen put the meal on separate plates to serve us. Maybe slow but good service.
5	So amazing! The sauce, pasta, bread and everything is so delicious!
5	magnificent food. the host told me he would buy my meal if i did not like it. i had the light spaghetti and it was wonderful. between my meal and the freshly baked bread i cannot say which was better. i will be back!
4	Very nice little Italian restaurant. I tried the Carbonara pasta and the mushroom ravioli on two separate occasions. Both were absolutely delicious. The cream of mushroom soup is also not to be missed. Their canollis are okay, but the tiramisu is also a winner. I will say the portions are huge, so maybe share a dish with someone. Service can also be a bit slow at peak times, but that's because there's only four people working there.
4	The service is less than stellar but this small family owned place has really good food.  The best cream of mushroom soup I have ever tasted.  The pasta sauces were all excellent too.  It does take a while but its worth it knowing everything is made from scratch by one chef.  I can't wait to go back.
5	I have had several dishes here but was blown away by the Orange Roufie I had the other night. Small quant place with great service. The risotto is another of my favorites.
4	The food is very good. I have never tried clam chowder soup before, but I am a huge clam chowder fan at La Bona Pasta. I have gone there 3 times. The service is slow so make sure that you go there when you have at least 2 hours for dinner. I know the food is homemade and I am fine to wait for good food, but the servers could be a little more attentive. It takes about 15 mintues just to get a glass a water once you sit down plus another 15 minutes for them to take your order and another 15 minutes for your bread and salad/soup. I should not have to keep trying to get the servers attention to get an initial glass of water when they are just standing at the counter.  Waiting for a fresh homemade food is one thing, but to have to keep flagging down a server for water is another thing
2	We were really looking forward to a great dinner. Sadly it wasn't the best experience for us...The wait staff didn't seem to know the menu or what wines to pair with the dish. So we passed on the wine and were excited to have our main pasta dishes. The pasta dishes include a soup or salad and garlic bread with way too much dry parsley and salt. The potato soup was good and the salad was good as well. We ordered the La Bona Pasta dish and it had way too much pepper and both of the pasta dishes seemed to be abnormally hot, as if microwaved or something. The chicken in both dishes were over seasoned with rosemary (I can still taste it) and pepper. I actually couldn't eat the pasta dish and just ate the salad and bread. Seating time: 5 minutesFood wait time: 35 minutes. (They forgot to put our order in)TipsGo for simple dishes, pasta and butter, salad, etc.Stay away from the cheese, it doesn't melt and the texture is of sand.Overall experience was meh.
3	Their food was good and we enjoyed our dinners. I would suggest to them however, to be more successful, they should go lighter on the sauces they apply to the entrees (for example I had the dill salmon with wine sauce, and there was too much sauce. My boyfriend had chicken parmigiana which also had too much sauce covering it). A lighter, less excessive style would be perfect. The plates when they came out reminded me of an enchilada just by how it looked. They also need to lower their prices a little bit. Portions are good, but prices are still a little too high for the plates that they serve. It was clear for example that the chicken was frozen and then they heated it up, because it was a little too tough.I agree with other reviewers who said the plates were too hot when they got to the table, but that didn't particularly bother me. The food came out pretty fast for us, I was pleasantly surprised. Overall it was pretty good food, but again they do need to lower the prices.
5	It was our second trip to the small corner restaurant in a small mall on a gift certificate.  We had lunch there and the food was plentiful and excellent.  You would be hard pressed to get a bigger lunch for the $8 lunch special.  One of the specials was the Spaghetti Bolognese with meat balls.  Lunch started with a bread basket and then your choice of soup or salad.  My wife had the salad which was well presented and several different types of greens.  I had the clam chowder and expected the requisit small bowl but got a regular soup bowl full of chowder!  Pleasant surprise!  The spaghetti arrived with a huge bowl of very flavorful spaghetti with meat sauce AND meat balls.  I was full after the bread basket and full bowl of soup but the spaghetti was so good, I finished it all and was really stuffed!  My wife had the penne pasta with sun dried tomatoes, pine nuts, basil, etc. Also a very large portion.  I would say that the serving of the food was a little slow compared to a chain restaurant but really, why not relax a little, talk to your companion, slow down and enjoy a nice unhurried meal.
3	I was craving Italian and  thought I'd try out some Italian food in Litchfield Park. This place is tucked away in the back corner of a shopping center. There was about 20 tables total for indoor seating and maybe 5 table outside. The kitchen was basically the center piece of the restaurant. On a Friday night I assumed it would be super slammed so I made a reservation just in case. We got there and there were maybe 4 tables filled. It was very quiet, which was nice. The service was slow but we honestly didn't mind at all. We took our time and enjoyed ourselves. We started with their complimentary bread basket that was very fresh and delicious then we ordered baked brie for our starter, which how can you go wrong with that? The we ordered two entrees, which included either soup or salad. The salad was average and the clam chowder was overly salty. The shrimp scampi with mushrooms, a side of veggies and pasta was great! Also, we tried the seafood napoli, which was also very good. Both entrees were very large and could easily be split between two people. If you wanna try this place out take your time and enjoy it:)
5	The best Italian I've had in a very long time. I choose to eat/support locally owned restaurants and this is a perfect choice. Their food is fresh, staff is prompt and pleasant. The food is very well prepared, fresh ingredients and well thought out pairings. Can't wait to go back!
5	This Italian Mom. & Pop restaurant has become our "go-to" restaurant for that special WOW meal.  Part of me wants to be silent and keep this gem for ourselves and part of me wants everyone on the West side of the Valley to know about this place.  Every entree is cooked to order by the chef and the "kitchen" is visible to the diners.  Why would anyone go to any if those cardboard Italian places when La Buona Pasta is nearby.  Fresh HOT bread is delicious and the clam chowder is startlingly good.  The risotto entree will make you swoon and the pasta with sausage featured fresh Roma tomatoes and fresh basil.  Do yourself and your mouth a favor!  You'll be back, I promise!
5	Vacationing with four generations. Happiness for all. Probably best flavors for all. Even the veggie medley was delicious. All flavors unique and staff friendly. Will come again next visit!
2	Not impressed. Very drab ambiance and the food wasn't that great. Nothing to set it apart from any other Italian places. I don't think I'll be back.
5	We've been to this small, local gem multiple times and it never fails to please.  This is a great place to enjoy a leisurely-paced meal, allowing time to visit.  Walk in and be greeted by the smell of bread baking.  Sit down and prepare to enjoy a generous, complimentary basket of assorted breads and rolls.  Each order comes with a choice of soup or salad.  At tonight's visit, one person in our party had minestrone and one person ordered the clam chowder.  The clam chowder was described as "good enough to be dessert."  The minestrone also received a thumbs up.  The green salad was good, but not exceptional.  Greens were fresh and the dressing didn't overwhelm.Our entrees ran the gamut from spaghetti Bolognese with meatballs to dill salmon to eggplant parmesan.  Portions were generous and all entrees received praise.  The salmon featured a light, delicate dill sauce with a side of grilled vegetables.  The eggplant parmesan came with bowtie pasta featuring a marinara/alfredo sauce.  The Bolognese featured a wonderfully spiced sauce and three generously-sized meatballs.We will definitely be returning to this local jewel in the future and we would urge others to do the same.  You won't be disappointed.
3	Cute restaurant !!!! Great customer service pasta was good  I could say there's better places out there! It's not as traditional Italian should be!!!!
3	I've been eating Italian food all my life and I have had both spectacular and awful.  I would consider this to be average.  Nothing that was bad but also nothing very notable.   And for the price, I have had a lot better.  Not worth the 45 min drive but if you live in the neighborhood probably OK once in a while.We will just keep looking for the great spot that we know exists
5	Delicious authentic Italian. The garlic bread and rolls are yummy. Everything is freshly prepared. The cream sauce is the best I've ever had. Fresh flowers and cloth napkins, great service. Good for vegans. Over all delightful.
2	We had high expectations for this place, since it was rated well. It was a complete disappointment. I had the lasagna, which DID NOT taste fresh. My homemade tastes better. My husband had a chicken and pasta dish. The chicken tasted WEIRD and the pasta was very plain. It gave him stomach pains. Really sad; we were hoping to have found a yummy local Italian spot. It does, however, have a nice atmosphere and lovely staff.
5	I have eaten here a dozen times.  I love the food, the variety of the menu is great, and the staff is friendly,  perfect mom n pop place with fair prices.
