4	Very nice place to shoot. My friend and just bought new .308 Rugers (we only took his to try) and wanted to shooting. We took his new Ruger .308 and Sig Sauer .40 cal, and I brought my Smith & Wesson .40 cal we went to the Joe Foss Shooting Range,First off was the price. Only $7 for adults and youth/kids 17 years old and under are free. After watching the short video and paying our fee we went to the range. The range master and line officers were very friendly and helpful. We shot for almost three hours. The entire facility was clean and the employees were very pleasant. We went on a Friday morning and it wasn't crowded at all.I highly recommend the Joe Foss Shooting Range. We'll probably go back the next time I'm in town.
5	What a GREAT place to shoot.  Clean, friendly, and a nice drive to get there. For years I made the drive to Ben Avery Shooting Complex, but no more. If you live in central Phoenix, Joe Foss is about the same distance as Ben Avery.  From Cabela's in Glendale it is even closer!The staff is very good with our kids there shooting.They have 40 shooting tables and can get 2 shooters at each table.  The main range is 200 yards with target frame holders at 5yds, 10yds, 50ft, 25yds, 50 yds, 100,yds and 200yds. Never a wait, another benny over Ben Avery.Trap and skeet is open on weekends, too.  It looks like they have a pretty cool archery range with multiple distances and 3D animal targets.
4	This is a very nice place compared to the ranges here in So CA and for $7 it's a steal too! Around me it's $15-20 a trip. AC in the check-in counter, cheap paper targets, and solid tables with shade. My only complaints are they don't have any steel targets and the rifle range is limited to 200 yards. Look up Oak Tree Gun Club and you'll see what I mean as far as the steel and Wes Thompson's in Piru for long range. I would definitely come back here next time I'm in the area and highly recommend it.
5	This place is amazing. Very easy to find. I am out there almost every weekend and the staff pretty much knows me by now. Everyone here is polite and very helpful. They're only open fri-sun and they've started their summer hours which is 7am-1pm. Makes sense since I don't think anyone would like to be out in the summer heat mid-afternoon. Once getting into check-in, if you're a first timer to the range, they will make you watch a video which covers range safety and rules. After you're done watching the video, you pay $7 and you're off. They also rent scopes, ear muffs, and safety glasses. Also, they will give you a punch card. On your 5th visit, your range time will be free that day! So that's pretty awesome. They also sell a membership which is $75 (I think, its around there Lol) for an entire year. Being a member let's you come to the range without paying a entry fee which is very useful especially for me because I'm out there every weekend.I'm so happy to have a range near me. Everyone is so nice and as soon as you get there, they make you feel like family. This place definitely beats Ben Avery.
5	I'm very impressed with this range. It's very clean, they provide target stands with concrete slots at 3, 5, 7, 10, 15, 25, 50, 75, 100, 150, and 200 yards. $7 a person. They have a punch card for multiple trip discounts. The breaks are every 15 minutes. A bit father from town than I'd like but the drive is scenic. Highly recommended.
