4	I ended up here today completely by accident. I was on the way to The Alchemy for a quick lunch when we noticed the sign. After scrambling to figure out if it was open (thank you, Facebook), we decided to head back. We live in the Atwood area and had NO idea this place was coming, let alone already open! I drive or bike by here almost every day and hadn't even noticed the building was being developed into something new. Anyway, I am really excited about a brew pub within walking/biking range of my house, especially since it seems like it is going to be a good one.My first impression was that it felt very comfortable. There was a lot of space in the dining room when we walked in and I really liked the more "pub" like feel of this as opposed to some other spots that are doing a very industrial warehouse look. I love that their televisions are enclosed in cabinets with a pulley system to hide them away. From what their website says, they will only have them on during special events and things like that which is nice. The last thing Madison needs is another sports bar. The bar area felt nice, too, though we didn't sit over there.The menu was pretty interesting. Standard appetizer fare such as cheese curds and fries joined some funky items such as a gourmet corn dog, locally sourced veggie and meat skewers, and sauerkraut sausage balls. We opted for the cheese curds because even if you get bad fried cheese curds, you are still eating a pile of delicious cheese. Verdict? Above average. I felt like they had great flavor but a bit too much breading and my dining partner thought they were good and that the dipping sauce was great. For our main courses we went for the Yahara Burger and the Salmon Sandwich. The burger was great - juicy, flavorful, and very fresh tasting. The challah bun from Staltzy's Deli was a great choice. The included fries were OUTSTANDING. They say on the menu that they are hand cut. I assume that means they hand cut them in the shop, and if so that is damn impressive. Fresh fries seem to always be kind of soggy and chewy, but these were crisp and cooked perfectly. I was told the Salmon was good as well and she also really liked the fries. Now, onto the important stuff! Beer. We both enjoyed our drinks. I ordered the Les, a tasty and mild ale. Very drinkable. She ordered the Wilbur!, a delicious cream ale. It reminded me of a more flavorful Spotted Cow. We were both very happy with our drinks. I really hope that they avoid the trend of every beer being super hoppy, and from our first visit it seems like they just might. Overall I am super pumped about this place and I think they have a real shot of doing well. A menu loaded with just enough standards to keep people comfortable, but some fun twists to get others excited. A nice atmosphere. Good beer. Great location. Yep, it's a keeper.
3	They definitely had some opening weekend hiccups.  Three people behind the bar, some making eye contact yet no one approached for a good 7 minutes.  Had to hold a mirror up to my face to make sure I didn't spontaneously turn invisible.  It's ok if you are busy and/or flustered but just an acknowledgement goes along way guys....We sampled the WPA (Wisconsin Pale Ale) and the First Wort (A gold ale).  Both beers suffered from the same affliction.  Both had a good first taste but absolutely no finish.  While I would expect that from the Wort, the pale ale should have come through.  Will be stopping back in about a month to see if they work out the kinks and their second batch gets any better.
5	The beer is very good, with more to be tapped soon, and the food is much better than I imagined.  My favorites are the sausage balls and sweet potato crisps, both appetizers.  A pint of Sevex or WPA and those two is a perfect late afternoon happy hour meal.  I highly recommend Next Door and cannot wait to try their Sweet Wheat and IPA once they've been tapped.There were definitely some opening day/weekend hiccups, as Bobb S. mentioned, but as far as I can tell, things are much improved a week later.  The service is much better and the food has improved as well.  They may have only been open a week, but Next Door is already my favorite place in the Atwood corridor!
5	I tried out the Next Door Brewing Company on a Friday, and I knew they recently opened so I was expecting a ton of people and slow service. And that was what happened, but I was expecting that.  I had several of their beers and I thought they were pretty good.  I also had a pork and slaw sandwich which was very good.Hopefully they can staff up for Thurs-Sat nights to keep things moving.  Also due to the stone walls, ceilings and floors it is very loud and had to hear.
5	Great beer, lightning fast service, and great appetizers. I haven't tried any entrees yet, but if they are as good as the appetizers, then this place really has something going for it. Most reviews on here seem to complain about the "busy-ness" and service. This place just opened...give them time. As I said earlier, the service I got last night...which was busy...was great. Oh...and the guy that talks about how he didn't like the pate obviously has no idea what pate is. Country pate always has a layer of fat on top. Other types of pates do too. The fat on mine was not thick at all, and in no way off-putting. The pate is delicious, simply put.My only complaint is that the place is really loud. However, we talked to the owner and he says they are working on that. Again...this place just opened. Give them time.
4	So excited for a new place in my neighborhood!  It was pretty busy already beginning at 530 on a Friday.  As other reviewers said, it is very loud.  We just had a beer and some appetizers.  The food was good, especially the crisps with Chimchurri! I will definitely be back!
3	Good beer, good food, good service, good value. Very pleased with my meals, as I sampled a bit of many things. I'm a fan & I give 3 stars now, since I'm confident a few adjustments will put Next Door in the 4 to 5 star range. The fries weren't burnt, but they had that burnt flavor, like something was overcooked in the frying oil before. My MAIN COMPLAINT IS the LIGHTING! WHOA DUDE!!! Target called. They want their lighting back!!! A dimmer will do wonders for ambiance & mood. Next Door needn't be a dark, unwelcoming cave, but it doesn't need to be as bright as a mall jewelry store! I promise I'll be a frequent customer if the lights dim a bit. Seriously...In other neighborhood eatery news... Hopefully Stalzy's will adjust prices a bit? Even though they have a friendly alliance with Next Door, if I have $10 in my pocket, I know I'll get a helluva lot more for my buck at Next Door. A delicious, well made burger with fries (not a la carte) vs an ehhh-made sammich, with salt, grease, a soggy pickle, & no change for a side? I think Next Door is a no-brainer.
3	Happy to have this place in our neighborhood, but they've got some bugs to work out. We went there two consecutive nights (Friday and  Saturday). Friday just to try their beer and appetizers. Saturday for entrees. Friday I would have given place 2 stars, but they redeemed themselves a little on Saturday to get 3. Not awesome but tons of room for improvement.Positive: The service was great both nights. Seating options are well-designed. We like the communal seating at big and long tables, but there are options for private tables, a softball team area (the hipsters had claimed this area on Friday, and it was great to see them giving the place a chance), and bar seats too. Menu seems thoughtful. WPA (wheat pale ale?) is really nice. Local ingredients seem to be a priority. The Ssam Pork sandwich is really good with its kimchi slaw. Really nice logo, and great revitalization of a former dead space on Atwood Ave. OH, and the ketchup that that came with the fries - ! - thank you for not calling in Heinz. That $?!+ is awesome, but not quite the hook you need to get people back.Negative: Dim the lights for christsake! It  feels more like Perkins than a neighborhood tavern. The cheese curds made us both a little ill - too greazy and the cheese is too soft (have the Baerwolf family at Sassy Cow advise you on a firmer cheese for deep frying, and densify your batter so it doesn't hold so much of the oil). It's also quite noisy. Two large rooms with hard walls, ceiling and floor make it an echo chamber and a little hard to talk unless you have good bar yell. Install some kind of noise dampening finishes. We'll be back, but we'll give them some time to work out some of the newbie problems.
2	The only reason I am giving this a 2 instead of a 1 is because they just opened and the beer was tasty. But I found the atmosphere uncomfortable and lacking of any kind of  ambiance what so ever. The lighting is terrible, it very loud, and the seating is awkward.  The wait staff on both occasions took a long time to take our order and forgot the waters. I had a darker beer that was great the first time and an IPA I also enjoyed the second time.The first time I ordered the vegetarian tostadas and they were tolerable. Overly crunchy and fell apart and had an odd sweet taste to them. The second time my friend and I shared the crisps and cheese curds. The crisps were good but the  cheese curds were GROSS and definitely not vegetarian since I could taste that they had been dipped in the same batter as the fish. The were huge about the size of my fist and coated in the most disgusting fishy batter you could ever possibly imagine. I love cheese curds but these actually ruined curds for me, the word curd even turn my stomach now.I really wanted to like this place as I work in the neighborhood and meet friends out for a beer and bite after work regularly.  There are a lot of good restaurants and brew pubs in this town, this one is not even close to par with any of the rest yet.  Chances are slim I will go back. If you eat meat and don't mind the uncomfortable atmosphere then you might love it though.
4	I've visited Next Door Brewing Co twice now, both times for lunch since it's closet to my office.  Our waitress on our first visit seemed very disconnected with the menu / specials and service was not that great.  On the second visit we were well taken care of and the staff was very friendly.  Both times the food was great and reasonably priced.
5	We had the opportunity to swing through this new brewery over the weekend. I am happy to report that the service was friendly and prompt, their beer was complex and delicious, the ambiance was very laid back and fun and they were playing great music. We only glanced at the food menu, but will definitely be back again to eat and try new beers. Their goal is to have a total of 11 taps, with about 3 being standards and 8 consistently rotating new brews and flavors. They also had 3 guest beers on tap. Great brewery, go check it out!
3	Disclaimer: This place is new and I've only been once. I am optimistic that things will improve.The beer is solid. And if you sit at the bar, service is speedy. The food was less impressive. I just went with a basic burger, because it's a staple that every bar should be able to handle. What I got was an overcooked burger and overcooked fries. Given the price tag ($9), that was a major disappointment.I was also disappointed in the total lack of ambiance. The tables are basically spread around one big room, with the bar partly separated by a wall. There are no soft surfaces or wall hangings, so it's also extremely loud. The overall effect is that you never forget that you're in a basic cinder-block building.I am giving it a 3/5 because they are hitting the rights marks with their beer, which is the most important thing for a brewing company. And I know they're brainstorming how to address the noise issue. So I'm sure those things will get remedied. Still, the kitchen will have to really step up their game if this is to become notable establishment.
1	We stopped in on a Sunday afternoon. There were two or three tables and a half dozen people at the bar. We were instructed to sit wherever we liked, so we sat down at one of three tables in the bar area. I saw at least two serves walking around and one bartender. We checked out the beer menu, made our selections, and then waited. And waited. We sat there for five minutes and no one came to take our order, say hello, or offer us food menus. In the end we decided to walk a few blocks to the Harmony where the bartender doesn't pretend you're invisible.I can be patient when it's busy and servers obviously have a lot on their plate. But this was not the case on Sunday afternoon. I'm disappointed because I was really excited about a brew pub opening up in our neighborhood. I'll give them another shot in a month or so. Hope they work out their staff issues by then.
2	Good:  Decent beer (Sevex was really good the Wilbur was mediocre) and better than average food (I shared the poutine and had the Sassy Chicken Sandwich).  The Servers were friendly.Bad:  You feel like you are in a repainted VFW hall.  The ceilings are concrete, so it sounds like everyone is yelling next to you.  The service was really slow.  2 hours for apps and dinner was more than I expected.  Entrees took ~40 minutes to come out on a Wednesday when the place was mostly empty.
5	Very good, fresh beer, with a good variety of styles, from black IPA to the tasty Wilber! cream ale. We tried two appetizers: The sausage and sauerkraut balls, and the poutine, both excellent pub fare. We'll be back for the burgers and pulled pork sandwich. Definitely worth a return visit. We were there on a week night, so it wasn't real crowded or loud. The place is attractive, with taupe walls, polished wood, and candles on the tables. We felt welcome and well cared for.
1	I am so glad that we didn't order more from them. We had the mixed shishkabob plate, the sausage and kraut balls, and split the Atwood burger. My partner had a beer. The shishkabobs were under-seasoned and over cooked, the only one either of us enjoyed at all was the sausage one, probably because you can't mess up sausage too badly. The burger was the same story. They advertise onions and caraway seeds and other yummies on that burger. What came out of the kitchen was an undersized patty with a few caraway seeds in the entire thing and a tiny smudge of onions on top. We expected something much more flavorful and powerful. The beer, I was told was excellent for the first few sips and then started to leave a bad taste in his mouth. A third of the way through the glass and he would have thrown it away if we had been at home. Now those things I could forgive for a new place but here is the kicker. The pork sausage and sauerkraut were over done on the outside and raw on the inside. When I told the waiter to let the kitchen staff know that their frier was too hot (I have been frying for 10 years), he let them know and then came back and told us that the balls were supposed to be pink on the inside. I'm curious. How can a product comprised of a brown or green vegetable and a meat that is brown when properly cooked, be pink unless it was raw? Not only is that wrong, but that is a safety issue. We will not be going back and we will not be recommending it to anyone. Save yourself some money and possibly illness and avoid this place.
3	To start, i wont order food here again. It was overpriced and not amazing, actually my burger was the worst burger i have ever ordered anywhere but my bf's chicken sandwich was good, not worth the price, but at least good. Beer i was informed was good, but it took a long time to get my food and yeah, the burger with swiss and carmalized onions was a disgrace to burgers everywhere
5	Visited Next Door brewing for the first time this weekend..Great all around experience. Beer was excellent. Food was great! The atmosphere and staff were all very welcoming. Thumbs up!
4	Stopped in for a late noon lunch.   Ordered the Ssam Pork sandwich.   It came with french fries that where Great.   the sandwiches roasted pork was tender and tasty.  But the kinchi sauce was a bit mild for me.   Get extra napkins for this juicy sandwich.   We will be going back to try the custom brews and more menu selections.   The manager even stopped by our table to make sure we where happy and satisfied.
3	Met up with a friend for a quick brew and a light bite on 11/30/13 - last opportunity for #yelpnewvember.+ Arrived at around 5:45pm, plenty of seats available at the bar (and tables)+ Lighting was comfortable+ Sound deadener under bar stools helped keep some of the echo/ring/harshness down+ TVs surrounded the bar; playing college football- Appeared to have a problem getting music to play over PA system while keeping TVs active. They fixed it after about 5-6 songs with blank television+/- Staff was generally aloof; bartenders weren't very personable - they hugged the back of the bar+/- Tried two distinct beers - one was great, the other not so much- Fish fritters weren't what I had expected; probably my bad, but they reminded me of whitefish cakes (think crab cakes but with whitefish). Aioli helped a ton. I envisioned something like a fish nugget - a small chunk of cod or something.- Pricey. 2 full beers, 1 7oz beer, and the fish bites came to $20, without tip. Seemed a bit excessive to me.- Parking lot was extremely difficult to get out of; not really the fault of the place - it's the nature of having a biz in the Schenck/Atwood neighborhood. I'd recommend parking on the street if you can - it's free and much easier to get in and out of.I need to go back a few more times, and will; I'll update accordingly after a few more visits. I have high hopes!
3	A work in progress but definitely worth a visit. I had stopped by alone one afternoon and chatted with the owner. I was so impressed with his dedication to making his customers happy. Though it is hard to hear folks complaints he takes them to heart and does something about it. No arrogance just a commitment to excellence.I returned the Wednesday before Thanksgiving about 5 pm. We had no trouble finding a table but the place filled up quickly after our arrival. There were 5 of us and i had no trouble hearing over the din. The waitstaff was helpful and attentive. We started with the Crisps (strips of yam) which were crunchy and delicious. I especially liked the herby chimmichuri sauce that accompanied the potatoes. I tasted bot the White Onion Soup and the Butternut Squash soup. The squash soup was the clear winner for me. I thought the onion soup was too cheesy (I am not a WI native) and lacked umami. The squash soup was sweet and delicate. Yum.My sister and her husband stated that the salmon sandwich was good, not great. They are gourmands of sort so they may be mighty picky.I am not one to review beer. I like it but just do not know enough to rate it. The Wilbur was good but my brother-in-law preferred the Willy. That's all I know.I live close by and am sure to return. I want to try their salads and some other beers. My son did have an Old Fashioned and he liked it just fine. I enjoyed the neighborhood ambiance and the attitude of the the staff. I hope to add an extra star in the near future. Check back soon for an update.
3	Solid first attempt with enough excitement to return. While the food menu didn't make me jump up and down, I dug the atmosphere and the tap line. Next time I want to go past snacks and give the reg menu a whirl, then update. A super awesome addition to the hood though. Once I'm certain will continue to gain in popularity over time!
5	I stopped in at Next Door on a Friday evening around 8 to meet up with some friends for a few beers and some munchies. I had initially talked to the host when I walked in, thinking that maybe I would get a table for my friends and I (I was early). He said there might be a 20 minute wait, so I gave him my name and headed over to the bar. Inside ten minutes he came over to offer a table, but I had found some seats by the window overlooking the brewing room with the vats and color-changing lights (trippy!), so I was OK for the moment. He even came back a few minutes later just to make sure my friends and I were comfortable with where we were at. So basically their host kicks butt. The beer (I believe all of which are House of Brews creations) was pretty great. I tried their Doe Eyed Brown, which had caramel notes on the finish with a nice mouth-feel (aka tasty). Then it was on to the S.S. Badger, their steam ale, which was crisp and tasty (think Anchor Steam). I also had their Egg Nog Sweet Stout, which I was initially apprehensive about, thinking it might have an overly-sweet vanilla thing going on - but no! Creamy, coffee-ish, with a hint of vanilla, and with fresh nutmeg grated on top, this beer was the highlight of our evening. The snacks were de.light.ful. We had the eggs two ways (deviled and pickled with juice, both delicious), the sauerkraut sausage balls (which has a crispy exterior and a remoulade dipping sauce and were savory and great), and the poutine (made with thick-cut fries, a peppery gravy, Sassy Cow creamery cheese curds, topped with slices of green onion...I was in my own fatty paradise). All of the three-star review people should give this place another go-round - I think their game has been stepped up.
4	I went to Next Door for the first time this past week, and I really liked it. Nice decor and even though I was with a large group, service was efficient and friendly. I didn't order any food but I tried someone's fried cheese curds (obviously no match for the reining champ on the square, but that's a pretty high bar).They have a lot of good house brews - I really like stouts and their eggnog stout was fantastic.
5	Quoted from my daughter: " This place gets 2000 thumbs up"If that is not a compliment, I don't know what is.  All three generations of my family LOVED their  experience at Next Door Brewing Company.  We ordered an Atwood Burger, Yahara Burger and the Sassy Bird Sandwich.  All came with the most delicious french fries.  I have no picture of them because they were all eaten and devoured so quickly.  My father ate his entire plate of food so quickly and washed it down with a nutty brown beer, I haven't seen him eat that quickly in ages.  My daughter loved her Yahara burger with the Challah bun.  My sassy bird chicken sandwich was perfect, moist chicken, perfect bun and yes, those darn french fries again.Before leaving my quotable daughter mentioned to the waiter she would like to come back every day.  So all in all here's what you need to know.  Delicious food and beer.  Great space for groups at the larger tables or there are some smaller table groupings.  In the bloody freezing weather of Wisconsin, this place was warm and toasty.  Children will be happy campers although they did not have a kids menu.See you again Next Door!
5	By far the BEST cheesecurds we have ever had! Crispy with a melted inside that was fresh and phenomenal. Great flavor and epitome of a good cheesecurd! Corndog was delicious with fresh homemade breading with a wonderful sausage inside! Only complaint was how spicy our Mac n cheese was (made with cayenne pepper we were later informed!!) without any warning on the menu which could have been bad if it was a go-to for kids. Friendly service and to die for food, can't wait to bring friends back!
5	This is a great neighborhood brewery.  With many places popping up with new construction, I really enjoy the feel of this place having converted an old building and adding a ton of character.The staff is great, I always feel welcomed and taken  care of.  The place can get busy, but I've never turned back.  Busy is good, in my opinion.The food is fantastic, everything is always fresh and tasty, and sourced locally when possible...gotta respect that!The beer is exceptional.  Brewer Keith can often be found performing "quality control" and is really good about discussing everything beer.  It's a nice touch for people who are curious about the process.
4	Had a nice meal at Next Door the other night. This was my second time there, my first time was just for a beer shortly after they opened so I wanted to get back in and check it out. It seemed less industrial and more 'moved-in' which was nice. The space is very cool and unique. Their food menu was exciting, lots of options that I wanted to try. I had a pulled pork sandwich with kimchee, it was good but would have liked more spice. A friend had the beer mac and cheese, I tried it and it was delicious. I'll be back to try more of the menu!
4	I came to Next Door Brewing Company with high hopes-and left a little disappointed. They get four stars only because of the attentive, friendly waitstaff and the fact I really enjoyed their seasonal Holiday Beer (I forgot the name), the food deserved a 2.   Otherwise, the food was awful--maybe it was just an off day.  My son had their mac and cheese-and was disappointed. I had the sassy bird sandwich--the chicken breast was a little overdone and smothered in too much sauce.  Bun was so-so.  Cheese curds were passable.
4	We stumbled onto this place back in early January at a late afternoon and non-weekend hour.   We used to live a lot closer and would have spotted it a lot earlier in those days.  I thought it was another coffee joint, but wife knew better.  We went in to check it out and were glad we did.  No raucous music and no TV set emphasis.  Good start.  Friendly atmosphere and we were greeted as though we were welcome and not just interlopers.Tried a flight to see how they brew.  I was thankful to find a brewer that doesn't use maximum hops to cover up all his mistakes.  They have good choices and any beer guy should be able to find something to his liking.  I didn't take notes, and this review is a few weeks after the fact, but I thought the place needs some promoting.  It is a great neighborhood brew pub and bar, and we will be back at some point.  The only food memory that I have at this point is the eggs.  Pickled eggs were great and significantly better than the deviled ones.Good luck, Next Door.  We wish you all the best.  Will be back with my son-in-law who is a real Beer Guy.
3	I went to Next Door Brewing for an after work gathering. Parking - skip the tiny parking lot. It's a mess trying to get in and out of it. There is plenty of street parking all around the area.Atmosphere - it was ok. It's a big open space that feels kind of bland. Beer - as it's a microbrewery, I tried their sampler. It was also ok. I can't say I loved any of the beers nor were any of them horrific.Food - it was ok. They have big, beautiful cheese curds but they aren't very flavorful. I also had their Atwood Burger which was, you guessed it, ok.Service - was right in line with the rest of the experience. It was ok. It certainly wasn't terrible service but I wouldn't go out of my way to say it was good either. I didn't find anything about my experience at all remarkable. If I have friends who want to go here, I won't object as it's not awful. But I would never suggest or recommend it. If I give it another try in the future and things are different, I'll definitely update this review.
5	Neighborhood bar with good beer.  We liked the fish fritters, pickled vegetables, Sasy Bird chicken sandwich and squash soup.  Nice dinner out for me and the wife.
4	Ate lunch here. Had the wpa, which was a cross between a pale ale and an IPA. Food was excellent- had the veggie tostada and the white bean burger (a special that day but hope they keep it). Both were tasty!
2	DO NOT ORDER THE CHEESE CURDS. Seriously, worst cheese curds in Madison. They had too much bland, cake-y batter that overpowered the very mild curds, which I think were inside the batter, but they were so melted it was just goo (Not enough cheese in the cheese curd - how is that even possible?) Even the side sauce was disappointing - watery and bland. I really wanted to like this place - big tables, large selection of homebrewed beer, photos of the Atwood neighborhood around town. Atmosphere is nice, sadly the food is meh. I had the salmon sandwich, which was more like a mayonnaise-y salmon salad. It was alright after adding some salt. The beer is the highlight of this place, lots of selection and they offer beer flights for tasting and figuring out your favorites.
4	Just tried Next Door Brewing Co.on a week night last week. The ambiance is great, hard wood floors, smaller but nice bar and a windowed off area where you can see the brewing equipment. Not sure if they are still figuring out staffing, but our service was incredibly slow. The staff was nice but we waited a long time to even have someone come over with waters and take our order. I had the white chicken chili which was on special that day and it was great! The portion size was huge, especially considering the low price I paid for it. Will definitely come back on a weekend and try some of their drinks.
5	Wonderful place. The food was outstanding, the service was quite friendly and very helpful. The stout made it in my top 5. The wood bar was very nice, which added to the overall homey feel to the place. Next door indeed. You can also see the entire brewing room, which was neat as they were working in their during my visit. My gf and I had a wonderful experience and definitely recommend it.
3	I'm eager to return since I swung by for a happy hour with a friend.We happily sampled their brews... I'll be back for that White IPA. Food: The house corn dog gave me hope. The poutine did not. The mix & match skewers rocked. Highly recommend the mushrooms and the sausage, but wouldn't suggest the hearts unless you're obsessed with them in some way. I fell in love with the setup table-wise. As a planner of meetings, I seriously dug the ginormous tables that could seat large groups. And the best part is they have more than one giant table. (Smart move Next Door, now I want to fill one of 'em!)I'm looking forward to returning for a full meal and will update my review when I get the chance!
3	I went for Brunch to this place a couple of Sundays ago. Upon entering I was really surprised at how quiet this place was for a Sunday afternoon given the location. They have mostly large tables aka communal seating. Since the other half of my party was already seated, we joined them- and were greeted by the waitress quickly. Service throughout the meal was very nice. The meal itself had hits, but also misses.  The cheese curds were AWESOME. My husband's chicken and waffles good. But my pulled pork sandwich with kimchi was a disappointment- seriously lacking in flavor. The Burger was not outstanding. The Veg tostada my mother in law tried was good. Overall I would return to this place, but with so many outstanding locations near by, it might be a while.
4	This place was a great find for a Sunday afternoon lunch. I had the sassy bird chicken sandwich which was delicious! It has Brie cheese and this orange sauce that made the sandwich perfectly unique and delicious! My boyfriend had the monte cristo sandwich off of the brunch menu, which was yummy but what really made the plate was the grilled & salted red skin potatoes and a mustardy, horseradishy, raspberry vinigarette! Holy yum! The atmosphere was nice and I really liked the music they had on on the background (Nora jones style).Waitstaff was nice and had good recommendations for foods to try. Only drawbacks I could find....I thought the appetizers were unfairly priced. I would have liked to try the fried cheese curds or the poutine but the cost of those was almost as must as my sandwich meal. If they dropped the price of these a bit my rating would be a full 5 stars! :-Overall, I really liked this place and will go back for another visit!
3	Super excited to try this place! The decor was fantastic. They did a great job of mixing masculine and feminine, old and new. Easily a place to hunker down and stay a while. It took a while to get service, however, once we had, our server was attentive and polite. Being new to the place, my husband and I both ordered beer flights. (They are not listed on the menu, but they do have them.) It was basically pick 4, so between the two of us we sampled 8 of their brews. They were decent. Some had a strange after taste and some almost tasted like fruit infused beers. If this is your thing-drink up. I wasn't such a fan. I thought the flavors were strange-not bad- just different. The food was the same. I had the whitefish and potato cakes and my husband had pulled pork. Both dishes had strong middle eastern/ oriental flavors. They were also strange. It again almost seemed like a poor attempt at american/ middle eastern/ oriental fusion. In short, if you are into middle eastern/ oriental flavors and fruit infused beers, this is your place. If you are looking to go a little more traditional, I would head some place else.
4	Went here for a beer on a Saturday afternoon and think this place is pretty cool. Super close to where we live and the beers weren't bad. They could use a couple more lighter style beers to satisfy those of us who don't like heavy IPAs. I definitely want to come back and try the menu
3	Stopped in for a flight of tasters. Sampled 5 in total, all of which were good. The best was Arch Nemesis. There was a smaller tasting room along with larger seating areas. I had some beer battered cheese curds which were just OK. It's a short walk to One Barrel so hit both if you are out tasting.
2	We stopped in Friday for their new fish fry.   We both had the perch.   We both felt it was at best unremarkable.   The lake perch were small and overdone so there was no flakiness to them.   The fries were good.  The small slaw side was tasteless.   The Belgian IPA I tried was the best Next Door beer I've had here in a number of visits.   I'd rate it 5/10 on a scale of Belgian IPA's I've tried.   Overall an unexciting visit.   I would not earmark the place for any sort of visit.   I hope they succeed but they really need to get in touch with what people expect!    Madison has a great array of beckoning places...Next Door doesn't inspire return visits.
2	Well I have been here twice now.  I think I can accurately review Next Door.  So the beer is good and stuff.  But the food is whatever.   Its just okay-nothing special.  I really must comment on the service at this place.  The service is not so good.  Incredibly slow. Even when there is no one in the damn place.  My friend asked for water and no water!  They brought mine, but not hers.  And the weirdest thing happened...our waiter asked to borrow one of our cheese curds so the people next to us could try them.  And just grabbed it right off our plate.  Not even kidding.  I am not sure this place will thrive much longer.  At least they got rid of most of their community tables so you arent forced to sit right next to some random stranger.
4	Ventured out to the Atwood area for dinner during the annual Summerfest.  We knew the fun and festivities of the fest would probably mean a wait, but we decided to see what was happening.  Just a couple of blocks down from the closed streets, there were ample tables available at Next Door Brewing.  We started with the Eastside APA and Shack Farmhouse Ale.  The APA was exactly what I wanted on a warm sunny summer evening.  Light and crisp.  The Shack was not enjoyed as much as other saisons we've had this summer, but the bottom of the glass was reached. I then tried the WPA, but found the APA more to my liking.   Friendly and attentive wait staff. Not sure what happened to the other recent reviewer, but we got our waters quickly(both of us), and she was stopping by often to check on things.We ordered the burgers.  I went with the Wis-Cali, choice of beef over chicken.  Another fine burger for me.  The combo of the fried avocado with the jalapeno ranch was a fiesta in each bite.  And I love finding Knoche's beef on the eastside.  Keep it up!   She had the Yahara burger and it was done to perfection, but the sweet potato crisps were raved and raved about.  We'll be back as we are adding this to our return list.  I'll want to try more from the beer list, and also their appys and that sassy bird sandwich.  Great spot, although no cribbage board. :(We then returned to the Atwood Summerfest, ran into a couple of friends, and enjoyed some fun 70s music and the fine weather.
3	Quaint little neighborhood brew house, the kind I wish I had near by. The bar area was small and packed when we arrived but there were two seats available and we nabbed them. An attractive young brunette, dressed to kill was tending bar and promptly took our drink order. Since we had just ate we just ordered a beer. I had "The Shack," Saison and thoroughly enjoyed it. I'm not big on the style but since I would classify this one as atypical it hit the mark for me. Chamomile was largely present and offered just the right amount of uniqueness for my own tastes. The restaurant was largely dead at the 3-ish time of the day we attended and the bar tender was tasked with waiting on those tables as well. Since this was our 4th and last stop for the day I only tried the one beer but I intend to come back. Parking is very limited so imagine during their busy hours you'll need to park on the street and walk a bit. Next time I'll get a flight for a more appropriate review of their brews. I'd guess "The Shack," a 4 out 5 on its merit alone.
1	I've only been here once and had a strange and lousy experience.  There won't be a twice.1.  I came in with a large-ish group (~20) on a Saturday afternoon.  We were the only people there and they made us sit at a table and get waitress service.  We weren't allowed at the bar.  WTF?2.  The beer was stank.  I had the WPA and it had this awful funkiness about it.  Almost like you'd expect from a poorly done sour beer, except there was nothing in the description to indicate it should have that funky taste.  Something went wrong with this batch.3.  I went to the bar to get a water and there was some cycling on TV. While I'm watching in the the bartender came out, looked at me, and changed the channel.  WTF!?Yeah, so me and my friends pretty clearly weren't welcome.  When you've got a group of 20 out to drink and spend money and there are no other customers in the place, you think they'd treat you a little better.
4	The beer is awesome.  I tried everything that was available on tap that day and was not disappointed with any of them.  The food was some of the best brewery food my wife and I have had (we've been to a lot too).  A must try if you're in the Willy Street - Atwood area of Madison!
4	Food is a nice little blend of comfort with an east side twist . Very solid fish fry. I was not digging the fries ... A little over fried..beer is truly the main reason to stop in .... Great selection.
5	Great food! Very unique and different! Bloody Mary's are great too! Lunch menu is small but has a lot of small plates!
4	Great menu, featuring healthy and unique twists on favorite items. Our party enjoyed Beer Macaroni and Cheese and Vegetable Tostadas with Yam chips (a twist on sweet potato crisps, it seemed). The beer selection was excellent (including three in-house IPAs). It seems that a lot of items are made fresh day of, as they were out of a few items by the time we got there late on a Friday. I take this solely as a compliment to their freshness, though.
2	This place falls under the category "Want to like but disappointing." A local brew pub in the Atwood neighborhood is a great idea.  When i heard it was opening I was pumped! It's just unfortunate that the product is average tasting overpriced beer with similarly overpriced subpar food in an echoey cinderblock building with mediocre service.I've had a few sandwiches on the menu. 1 is worth the double digit price.  The sassy bird is good but every other sandwich tastes like it's missing something. Their beer is OK. IF you were to find a beer you liked enough to buy a pitcher, you couldn't because you can only buy by the pint.Service is spotty. Ive been here a few times and the service has varied.  One waiter was incredibly unhelpful. On another visit i asked if the red ale was hoppy the bartender replied "No, it's very malty." It was hoppy as hell! I then asked the bartender if this was the correct beer because of said hoppyness. She replied, "It takes hops to make beer of course it going to be hoppy." She lost my respect and 10% of the tip i was going to give.  I then politely asked for a water and flagged down a different bartender who pointed me towards the brown ale. All in all I guess an average brewpub is better than a vacant lot. The bar still echoes like a vacant building though...
5	Gone in for a date night, excellent service, awesome food(cheese curds were out of this world!) beer was very tasty, and our food was delicious. Unexpected twists on classics. Will put this on our "return" list.
4	I'm walked in knowing what I wanted...a few beers and some food. Found a seat at the bar and slid right in. Grabbed a menu and got to deciding.Beer: Sevex, Busy Bee Ale (my favorite), and Bray Road BeastFood: chicken sandwich and some of the best fries I've ever hadWhile beer and food was good, I was a little disappointed the bartender kept changing channels. But really when none of your teams are on, does it really matter?
3	We thought they had a few too many IPAs on tap, but all the beer was brewed well. The non-IPAs are the most unique. The Busy Bee Ale was Amazing! We went on a crowed Friday night which was fun.I had the Mac n cheese which was bland but a friend ordered the cheese curds which were great!
5	Next Door's brews are both diverse and true to type, which is my primary criterion as far as the beer is concerned.  The atmosphere in this joint is exactly what you could ask of a neighborhood place and is both welcoming and reasonable in its presentation of TV screens, music, etc. at the right times.  The vittles are varied and you can usually find something that works, or at least we can.  I won't go into detail, but these people are running a beer and food business rather than just trying to reach the lowest common denominator to rake in the cash.  They deserve five stars based on some of the ratings you have given other brew pubs around the area.
4	Just popped into Next Door for lunch with a couple of friends after training that Twisted Fitness Gym just down the Road. I had the hearty salad. It was a hit... Albeit I'm not sure how healthy it was with the warm bacon dressing and fried egg. One companion had the Feijoarda a traditional Brazilian stew - it was fitting give we had just gotten of one with Brazilian Jiujitsu class. It looked good and said companion won the clean plate club. Other companion had the braised pork shank. He was excited to see it was bone in and reported it had a lot of good flavor. Did mention the beer was great as well. Drink Local Beer and Eat in Local Restaurants. If been to Next Door when they first opened for dinner. I think I enjoy this place better as a lunch joint in terms of eating. It's a fine drinking joint anytime of the day.
4	When I first moved to Madison, in a time crunch, I settled on a house near the East Towne Mall. The area reminded me quite a lot of where I came from in Michigan, and I had really wanted to escape that, hence one of the reasons I agreed to relocate. So, I often found myself venturing to the Atwood/Willy St. area for the atmosphere I desired and the food I craved. It wasn't long before I was hooked on the location, and I purchased another home here. To celebrate my buy I dined at Next Door, my first outing as a home owner in an area I loved, and it was a great choice.On that particular night I had the Yahara Burger, which was stupendous. There was nothing extravagant about it, it was just a good ass burger. I also had the cheese curds, which WERE massive, and perfect, and left me craving them (like last night when I stumbled in), yet they are now teeny tiny little balls and that really makes me sad. The cheese curds are still great, I'd even go as far to say they are right up there with The Old Fashioned's, but they are just not as grand in appearance and the quantity is now a little off. Everything else from my first visit, nearly a year ago to the day, and last nights has stayed the same. There is still great service, the dining area is large with plenty of seating, and the atmosphere is welcoming and fun.
4	So on an unexpecting Friday night bar hopping expedition, our final stop was Next Door Brewing. I've been wanting to try Next Door since before I actually moved here, so I was excited we were stopping here for our last drink. Now coming from what is voted as Beer City ( Grand Rapids ) I have a love for brewing companies.. I don't think that there is one that I wouldn't like.  I'm happy that I can now check Next Door Brewing off the "Brewing Companies to go to in Madison" list. I liked how open it is here, and the huge tables are very ideal for bigger parties I would imagine. The beer list looked fantastic, as well as the menu. We ended up getting the Cheese Curds and the Chips and Guac, both great.. the sauce that comes with the cheese curds is fantastic! And the service was pretty good as well. I will say that the interior is a bit blah and basic I guess. Nothing really stood out for me. But I will definitely be back in and drink up some amazing brews!
4	All good beers! The tostadas were also amazing. I'd grill the salmon croquettes a bit longer though guys...just sayin
4	Great east side bar-small time gastro pub. $5 for a growler to keep? Yes, please. The brunch bites are amazing. ..great chicken and waffles and vegan options are available.
3	The beer is okay and the whole concept is perfect, but the food is a joke if you get anything other than a burger or chicken sandwich. It seemed prepared okay, and the ingredients were high (enough) quality, but the menu (and recipes) should be replaced. A place that could be this cool should invest in a real chef, and it's a shame they haven't already. If they don't put some brains behind the menu they would probably be better off only offering cheese curds and burgers.Mac and Cheese was bland and the fish sandwich is a mix of things that don't belong together.With that being said, it's the perfect kind of place for the location. Right now it's just a cool neighborhood gathering place with bad food and mediocre beer.
