5	I'm not sure there are enough superlatives to describe this restaurant. We celebrated my parents' 40th wedding anniversary here, and every dish that our large party chose was incredible. My handmade cannelloni with spinach, ricotta, and veal were the best I have ever had. Scallops, ravioli, veal, lobster... everything was incredible. The hardest part was fending off everyone else who wanted to try my dinner! Definitely definitely try the (homemade) cookies-n-cream-esque gelato and the creamy (homemade) limoncello - both were tremendous!  On top of the food, the service was efficient and friendly. Plus, the owners graciously spent time with us, which was a really nice touch to celebrate my parents. Parking was the only challenge, as it is on a narrow side street. A real find!
2	At first glance, it's a charming little "neighborhood" Italian restaurant.  Nothing fancy.  Simple decor, even a bit cheesy but in a lovable way.  It's comfy.  It's friendly.  You feel quite welcome when you arrive.  It's like dining with friends or extended family members.  Once inside, though, we were deflated by the decor.  There are NO windows, and an odd configuration to the two claustrophobic rooms.  The chairs aren't terribly comfortable and there are NO tablecloths.   But I didn't let any of that bother me because I had heard the food was terrific.We ordered two appetizers to share: cured beef and scallops. Both were delicious.  We ordered the cannelloni and veal piccata.   The cannelloni was good, but nothing special.  The veal dish was average.  The biggest disappointment -- and a clue that attention to detail is NOT a specialty -- was the rotten lettuce in the salad.  Not one or two pieces of lettuce, but a good half-dozen in each salad were beyond wilted -- soft and brown.  We had gelato for dessert.  It was disappointing.  The service was reasonably attentive but ineffective.  We had to ask for water CONSTANTLY!!!!   And, after the first round of drinks before dinner, we were never asked if we'd have liked more.  Okay, but hey, it's a neighborhood restaurant, right?  Casual, family dining, right?   WAIT!  $110 for dinner for two at a "neighborhood" place?  For THAT kind of tab, I would have liked tablecloths, better service and a more even quality to the food.  We might go back, but I'm not sure...
5	This small, family-owned Italian restaurant combines warm hospitality with great food. They make a number of dishes from scratch: cannelloni,  limoncello, cannoli, and more. For seafood lovers, the scallops and the lobster ravioli are fantastic. Decent vegetarian options, too, including a great ravioli al pesto. My family has celebrated anniversaries and my wedding rehearsal dinner here, because of all the personal touches. The husband and wife owners try to talk to as many guests as they can; and, the husband is the chef, so they seem to be interested to hear reflections on the food and the restaurant.  Parking available behind the restaurant and very very limited street parking. Kids menus available.  Full bar available. Worth the drive to Sharpsburg!
5	Superb, family-friendly, authentic Italian in a very cozy ambiance. Michael and Antoinette make you feel like family every time. My family considers this our local favorite and has celebrated many events here. Great for groups, couples or anyone who appreciates a fantastic plate of real Italian home-cooking. Chef Michael taught me how to appreciate and prepare fine Italian food.
2	NOTE: A duplicate of a review of this place under a different name.  Just noticed that this place is listed under two different spellings: Grand Canal Cafe and Gran Canal Caffe...At first glance, it's a charming little "neighborhood" Italian restaurant.  Nothing fancy.  Simple decor, even a bit cheesy but in a lovable way.  It's comfy.  It's friendly.  You feel quite welcome when you arrive.  It's like dining with friends or extended family members.  Once inside, though, we were deflated by the decor.  There are NO windows, and an odd configuration to the two claustrophobic rooms.  The chairs aren't terribly comfortable and there are NO tablecloths.   But I didn't let any of that bother me because I had heard the food was terrific.We ordered two appetizers to share: cured beef and scallops. Both were delicious.  We ordered the cannelloni and veal piccata.   The cannelloni was good, but nothing special.  The veal dish was average.  The biggest disappointment -- and a clue that attention to detail is NOT a specialty -- was the rotten lettuce in the salad.  Not one or two pieces of lettuce, but a good half-dozen in each salad were beyond wilted -- soft and brown.  We had gelato for dessert.  It was disappointing.  The service was reasonably attentive but ineffective.  We had to ask for water CONSTANTLY!!!!   And, after the first round of drinks before dinner, we were never asked if we'd have liked more.  Okay, but hey, it's a neighborhood restaurant, right?  Casual, family dining, right?   WAIT!  $110 for dinner for two at a "neighborhood" place?  For THAT kind of tab, I would have liked tablecloths, better service and a more even quality to the food.  We might go back, but I'm not sure...
5	Great place, wonderful food.  It was a pleasure to meet the owner and his wife.Michele and Antoinette made my meal very memorable.  Hopefully next time I'm in Pittsburgh I can have the pleasure of eating there again.
4	Fantastic food. Charming service.
5	Gran Canal is one of the best Italian restaurants in Pittsburgh. This small family run business is a terrific place for a nice quiet dinner. Everything is made from scratch, even the deserts and gelato are made in house. From the moment you walk in the family makes you feel as if you are part of their family. Fall brings cream of tomato asiago soup and pumpkin soup. The cannelloni is to die for and the specials are always amazing. If you are lucky to get the cheesecake or the gelato sampler so you can try all of the flavors. I go any and every chance I get.
5	Wow!! Seriously, one of the best meals I have had out in a long time. From the Italian appetizer, mussels, to the cannelloni and phenomenal apple tart with homemade cinnamon gelato!! We could not stop eating!!...ohh and did I mention their bread?? Full bar. The restaurant is cozy!! The service was excellent.  Will definitely go back again and again!  Soo very glad I took the advice of those who rated this place 4+star. You truly were SPOT ON!!
5	Gran Canal never disappoints. it has become our go to place where you can have both a wonderful meal and an atmosphere where you can sit with friends to laugh and share just what's new and old in your life. This week I walked in and was greeted by Michael in his perennial denim chef's jacket, big smile, and warm handshake. "What's for dinner Michael." "Comfort food, it's cold out, we need some food to warm the soul," he said. While the standing menu has a wonderful variety, the "comfort food specials" were: a warmed-melted cheese with roasted red pepper spread; a kale soup sweetened by distinguishable carrots, and a lasagne that was the best I've ever had--- and at 65 I've had a lot of lasagne. In fact, I tend not to order lasagne at a restaurant because I can find it well prepared at friends/family's homes. So bring on the comfort food, I'm game. The soup and cheese were delicious! But this lasagne was a sensory experience not to be missed. The blends of cheeses and touch of meat were so delicate that they flowed off of the fork and finished melting in your mouth before you barely chew and swallow. Don't you dare devour this, just let those flavors, textures and aromas linger before they slowly leave the palate. Wow! We had to pass all of our meals around the table, each were so enjoyable. My table mates had Veal Marsala and Ravioli stuffed with three types of mushrooms. The veal was very tender and the vapors and taste of the marsala made each bite a sweet treat. The flavor of the ravioli was earthy and invited you to eat every last bit. As usual the meals were accompanied by the fresh crisp house salad, our favorite dressing is Michael's house made Lemoncella which we top off with gorgonzola. Fresh warm bread and olive oil are more than fillers, they are what makes bread worth eating. The finales left us with smiles on our faces: a cheese cake, made with Marscapone cheese, that New Yorkers would travel to Pittsburgh to eat---topped with warmed black cherries; Apple Tart with a side of Michael's delicately flavored homemade cinnamon gelato; and a flourless chocolate cake---that was definitely not off the back of USA Gourmet or Sysco's trucks. Don't miss Gran Canal, take friends that enjoy talking to and laughing with over good wine, beer, and wonderful foods.
