3	So while we were driving on a road trip through Canada, we had a heck of a time locating free wi-fi.  I did a random search for places with wi-fi on google and not much came up. BUT, Cafe Pi came as a result along with some reviews.  I was forever grateful and happy to have found this place as I was able to book the hotel we would be staying at that day. =)  Thank you, Cafe Pi!  A-ok bordering I'm a fan because of the convenience of your free wi-fi. Tips:-Didn't seem to mind when we spoke English instead of French-This place is heavily involved with Chess.  So don't be surprised with all of the tables and chess games out.-I had a Chai and it was decent for what it was.
2	Very strangly quite. No music, no one talking, the coffee was bad, served in 'ice rink' style cups and the food looked pretty bad too( I didn't try it). The place was absolutely packed though.... Must have something to do with the wifi and chest mentioned by the other review. if you absolutely need a coffee in this neighbourhood, this is unfortunately the only option that I could find. It feels like they are in definite need of a really good cafe around here.....
4	Cafe Pi is not your "generic coffee shop" expecting plastic wrapped paninis and cheap 24 Gallon drip coffee in Starbucks branded Grande sized corporate drive thru cups. It is a CAFE, it local with French servers in an area called the Plateau de Montreal. If the other reviewers expected the run of the mill coffee experience, which frankly you can get at any place in nowheresville North America, then this isn't your cup of non-fat latte with extra foam. You should be careful to judge a place after being there for only 20 mins, it is alive and has character and even though they were only reviewing, like a good wine, it takes more than just a sip to really appreciate it, or maybe just keep going to your local wifi coffee shop so you can enjoy the same experience, everytime, everyday. Cafe Pi is great, it local, it is French, and Montreal is better for it.
4	My wife and i stopped for a coffee in a "neighborhood' coffee shop. A very unique atmosphere. Coffee was very good as was the apple pie. Only problem is we bought a bad of the fair trade coffee they sell. Back home we brewed it up and it was the best. Now how to get another bag?
2	I've been in a few times and it varies a bit each time..but I won't be going back anytime soon. It's not a particularly clean, comfortable place. The coffee is fine, the wifi is nice, but not a great atmosphere for studying with all of the homeless people playing chess.
3	A local Montreal friend of mine recommended we stop in here for coffee, and we were not disappointed. This is a friendly cafe that appears to cater to students, nerds, or anyone interested in a game of chess. I liked the vibe the place had, and although we came by on a Sunday AM, it wasn't that busy. Didn't go for the baked goods, but they did look tasty. Coffee was well-made. Would return again!
