3	This is a great wide open flat golf course, which has pretty decent maintenance, for great prices.  in the summer it costs about $18 to play 18 holes with a cart.  The cart girls are beautiful!  In the winter, I believe its about $35 for 18 with a cart.  Cant beat that!  Its a par 72, pretty easy course.  If you are a serious golfer, you could kill on this course.  Play time is actually pretty slow usually, as it is very crowded, probably because of the good prices.  I have been playing here for about 5 years now, and you run into anyone from a grumpy old 0 handicapper, to a 45 yr old dude just gettin hammered with his buddies, and then the semi serious college kids.There are about 4-5 water holes which are very nice, as well as pretty tough to play.  The 8th is a mean one.  I would definately recommend playing here to anyone looking to enjoy a nice day, because you will be out there for a while.
3	I was thinking of 'ol Kenny Mac while I was out at the very similar Encanto golf course today.I don't have much, if anything, to add to the other two reviews. It's an affordable course that is usually worth what they are charging. Flat, easy, playable, but does have several fun holes. The greens are so flat it's almost a joke. A good putter could drop bombs out here all day. This is one of the few courses I've played several times and had more rounds in the 70s than 80s.Good place to practice too. Full range and a bigger than average putting and chipping area.
3	My wife and I played Ken McDonald on 11/6/11, we were paired up with a couple of pleasant and knowledgable older guys. KM overseeded last month and still had 90 degree cart rules, but the conditions were great. We had never played KM, but we appreciate the courses with a little age and mature trees, etc. The trees can come into play if you're spray the ball. The tee boxes, fairways and greens were in great shape and the greens rolled pretty true. The rough had spotty grass in some areas and hard pan, but never anything that wasn't playable.  They have a nice lighted driving range, 2 practice greens & 1 large chipping green. There were quite a few walkers, which I'm not used to, but we still finished our round on Sunday in just under 4 and a half hours. The cart girl was a cute little blonde that couldn't have been nicer-- the $3 beers were a nice change too. For what it costs, KM is a very good deal and fun to play. We are already planning our return to KM.
4	Came here for the driving range as the green fees are still a little steep for AZ summer golf.  It was $9 for a large bucket of balls, fairly competitive.  I came here in the evening, which was a mistake because the sun pounds on your face until it sets.  Now I known to wait until just after sunset to come, but before dark because it is not lit at night.  The putting greens were OK and the range was not overcrowded which was a nice change.  Also there were not an extensive amount of dviots making it easy to hit the ball.  Overall I enjoyed my experience here and will return.
4	I am a member here at their Men's Club and I enjoy this course very much. As a 1.1 Index golfer it still poses challenges and the greens are always in great shape !
4	Affordable and good for beginners.Putting greens are medium fast.Definitely will play again here.
4	This is a great course for us weekend warriors. The price and service make KM a no brainer choice. Comparable courses that I used to play are Encanto and Ahwatukee Country Club but this place is a step up in regards to maintenance and staff. Not difficult but you have to make good decisions/shots on a handful of holes. If you're a low handicapper this course will be easy. For the rest of us 80s and 90s folks it's perfect. My only dislike is the walk from the boys club parking lot because the club house is behind that. Once you get up there you'll be glad you did.
1	My boyfriend played golf here once upon a time.  He ended up getting a hole in one- which was a super exciting, awesome experience for him!  The customer service reps at the golf club informed him that he would be featured in the paper and receive a plaque of some sort- they informed him that he would be contacted in the near future.  No one from the club ever attempted to call back.  When he finally called, someone assured him that he would receive these items in the mail. Nothing ever came.  He called again several times and was given the run around.  Way to ruin a would-be awesome, memorable experience!
5	Gotta love Kenny Mac! A fun course in Tempe with kind of a neighborhood feel to it. Reasonable rates, reasonable prices in the clubhouse and the staff is usually pretty cool. Perfect for weekend warriors, for sure. Not the toughest course you'll ever play but it's in good shape and always a good time. The range is also a great place to just stop and hit some balls once in a while. Watch for some of the city of Tempe programs for the kids, too. Awesome deal.Once you meet Kenny Mac, he'll be a friend for life. :)
4	Love this course and golf there frequently. It's a long 18,  straight, forgiving  and It's always kept so nice!   It's also a great place to have breakfast!
