5	Wow.  This place has everything your kitchen ever needed and a lot of stuff I didn't know even existed!  This place is jammed packed, full of the finest bakeware, cookware, utensils, cutlery, well, the list goes on and on and on.  You could spend a couple hours in here and never see it all.  Luckily, I had my hands already full with packages, so I had to cut my visit short and only got an adorable spoon rest.  The employees are super nice and helpful.  Be sure to cough up your email address.  I was promised a $5 coupon for my next visit and more to come.  I can't wait to come back!
4	You can find any and all your kitchen needs here! My secret ingrediant in a lot of things is truffle oil...$17/bottle... makes everything special.
3	A friend and I both purchased items at this shop last Friday. My friend called later claiming that the Bed, Bath and Beyond circular listed two of the items I purchased for much less than what I paid. I returned the items without an issue. One item I purchased here for $4.95 was listed in this circular for $1.99 and the other item I purchased was $14.95, it was listed for $7.99. Although the selection of items seems endless, the prices are extravagant.But if your philosophy is "Why pay wholesale when I can pay more than retail", you will enjoy shopping there.
3	Another kitchen store review, Joe? Didn't you just review Crate in Greentree? What's up, why the kitchen gadget stores all of a sudden?Now that I've gotten all your questions out of the way, I can continue my review of Sur La Table, located in the South Side Works. As I stated in my Crate review, I love kitchen stores, I love creating my own vegan meals, getting creative, and relaxing in the kitchen. Sur La Table has their own line of cookware. mostly non stick aluminum. But recently they have come out with a large line of enamel coated cast iron. And the prices are well below Le Creuset. If you are a foodie like myself, this place is nirvana.If you need a marble rolling pin this is where'd you want to start, Sur Le Table has the most fun toys, kitchen gadgets, and things you didn't know you wanted for your kitchen. I went in and came out with about half a paycheck's worth of things I didn't know I wanted. but what I went in for is what I really wanted and got a great deal. An eight quart enameled cast dutch oven, I've always wanted one. Great for lasagna, eggplant parm, roasting vegetables, and for the carnivores, you have never had pot roast until you've had it done in enameled cast cookware.I love the flavored oils, balsamic vinegars, coffees, and all the other things you'll find browsing Sur Le table. It is expensive, like Crate, but you get what you pay for.
2	I went to Sur La Table last December to get a few Christmas gifts for my wife and foodie friends.  While their selection was good (and I ended up going back for two new cutting boards), the service was absolutely miserable.  I really don't expect to be ignored, be consistently interrupted, or generally be treated so poorly by retail employees in Pittsburgh - we're just too nice for that here.  At Sur La Table, though, all bets are off.  From now on, I'll happily deal with the traffic and parking on Walnut Street or in the Strip District in order to shop at Williams Sonoma or In the Kitchen, instead.
2	Sur La Table is a really nice store. They have just about everything you could want to cook at home, but you're going to likely pay a premium if you shop there.My wife and I stop in more than we really should (as it usually compels us to think that we need another cooking utensil that we probably don't REALLY need) because it's so close to home, but we usually end up using the store as a showroom because we know there's likely a better deal on the same item(s) elsewhere. We typically only buy from the store if we need something and don't feel like driving anywhere to get it.Other than the prices, I really think the service at this location could use some work. In fact, I'd opt to pay the premium more often if the service warranted it. I've walked out after walking in ready-to-purchase more times than not due to their service. The one guy there is a total jerk, and my wife and I have both commented that we won't even bother if he's there. Seriously...If you don't want to help customers, you're in the wrong business. So drop the attitude and convince me to actually spend the money in your store, and not some faceless online company with cheaper prices and less hassle.There's one lady who works there who is actually really nice and helpful, and because of her I bought an expensive knife that I had been eyeing up for a while. I went in to check it out, and ended up checking out with it...all because of her positive attitude and help. I can only imagine how well this store would do if all of the employees there were like her.
5	What a find for kitchen "stuff" of all sorts and I'm not even a cook!  Everywhere I looked I found such fun gadgets -- cute corn cob thingies you stick into the ends to hold on to and silicon ice cube trays in bright colors (of which I bought because I currently have none).  I thought this store would make a good place to buy some Christmas and bridal shower gifts for friends on my list.Plus, the ice cube trays?  Well, the sales clerk was kind enough (and on top of her game) to let me know that, if color wasn't of particular concern, they had the same item on sale.  Actually, I ended up liking the on-sale color much better!
5	When it comes to kitchen stores, Sur La Table is pretty much as good as you can get.  I like the attitudes of the worker much more here than at similar stores like William and Sanoma.  Not to mention that they will take out any knifes and test them with various foods, which they have laying out.  Also, you feel pleasantly overwhelmed by the large variety of awesome kitchen tools.  I love coming here, so if you are a foodie (and since you are on Yelp you are) you will love it here.
4	I absolutely love Sur La Table! I had never heard of the retailer before moving to Pittsburgh two years ago, and it has been a great discovery. The sales associates have always been helpful, friendly, and easy to talk to. They carry a great variety of kitchen products from high end to very affordable. I enjoy baking, so I spend most of my time in the store browsing that section. Jo-Ann and Michaels have a lot more Wilton products for cupcake and cake decorating, but I recommend going to Sur La Table for beautiful, specialty cupcake liners. They carry a nice selection of Meri Meri products.This store is a great place to just wander around for thirty minutes. I guarantee that you won't be able to leave without buying something!
4	Great store for those who love to cook - they have an enormous selection of kitchen wares, and likely have everything you are looking for, and then some! It's conveniently located around the corner from the REI store in SouthSide, so I frequently pop in when I am in the area, and often find something I didn't even know I needed desperately. It's a bit pricey, but if you are patient, you can often get a good deal on lots of different items - you just have to keep your eye out for their sales and specials - duh. I especially like their selection of bar tools and cast iron cookware.
5	I love this store . every time I go to the southside works I must stop in this store.  Its mostly a kitchen store, dishes , cookware, bakeware, dish towels, I bought a couple of really cute pot holders,  you can usually find different things in this store that you won't see in any other store.  Mostly the kitchen accessories are different, the cookware you see at other stores,  I also picked up some cookie cutters, they have a large selection of different ones, that I never saw any where else.
4	Being the kind of person who rarely plans his meals in advance, I set out in search for a solution. After a quick search on the internet, I learned about the wonders of pressure cooking, how a dish that can take several hours to prepare can be made in just one or two with a pressure cooker. That seemed like a perfect solution! At first, I checked out Williams-Sonoma on Walnut Street, but I was dismayed because they either did not sell them or were out of stock. So, I made a trip to Sur La Table. I stepped inside and I was happy to see that they not only had a few pressure cookers in stock but also a lot more items than Williams-Sonoma. The employee was very nice and explained each pressure cooker to me, how to use them, and what they can be used for (answer: almost everything). Afterwards, I walked around the store and looked at all the cooking gadgets and gizmos, some of which I have never seen before. One thing to note is that many of their items are pricey, which could mean that the stuff they sell are legitimately high-quality. If you're in the need for any cooking item, then this is the place to go. Make sure you bring enough money, though!
2	Christmas season. 6 minutes to closing... Conversation: We are closing unless you know what you want. So, we should leave because we aren't sure? Yeah, we are closing.Umm... Ok. Bye
