5	I can't believe I have been fooled by all of those horrible commercials "2 pair of lens plus the eye exam for $59.99!" for so many years. I didn't understand what a true optometrist could be until now. Dr. Biglaiser is totally old school, he has been practicing for 50 years, FIFTY YEARS! and he knows what he is doing, PLUS, extra bonus he has frame inventory starting from way back when he first started practicing. So if you are looking for true authentic 50's, 60's, 70's, glasses you should stop by, I had a blast just trying all them on.
1	This place is a joke. I have reported to our insurance company for fraud. They billed us for lenses we didn't get and also charged our insurance company for a contact lens fitting we paid out of pocket for. Save yourself the time and hassle. I've been working with our insurance company to get this rectified, but honestly, what a mess.  I will say the exam was thorough, but it did take a long time (4+ hours for two of us). It's safe to say we'll be staying far far away from this place.
1	I've never seen my girlfriend as angry as she was upon leaving the office of Dr. Leo Biglaiser. We arrived to no office staff other than the doctor himself who asked her name 6 times prior to the exam. His equipment was antiquated and his process slower than kicking a bowling ball up a sand dune.The worst of it was, when it came to getting the prescription, he began to ask what frames she wanted and she politely requested to just have the prescription. She said she would purchase frames online. He became irate, raised his voice and began asking why she would do that and argued with her about the decision. After half an hour of her repeating her request and him making comments like, "I'm not calling you an idiot or anything..." and "well, how do you know they'll get the right lenses?" she finally threatened to walk out if he didn't write the prescription and let her leave. He finally did after a few more of his rude quips.The prescription went right into the garbage. His equipment was so poor, she was afraid to trust it. Dr. Biglaiser was incredibly rude and provided atrocious customer service. I would recommend Edward Scissorhands as an optometrist over this doctor.
2	Very nice octogenarian who was wholly unable to correctly prescribe new glasses. I would not recommend this business.   I gave him two stars because he is a very nice gentleman.
