3	It's your average breakfast jump. They offer nothing special which is it's downfall. They could have homemade beans but they don't. The bacon tasted like pre-cooked maple-leaf bacon. If you have Home Fries on your menu, don't serve me deep-fried potato chunks, it's annoying and cut-cornerish and ya know a few herbs won't hurt either.But for standard breakfast fare, it works
5	Excellent restaurant and food! It was nicely presented and the food tasted so good. A place definitely worth checking!
2	It's an OK breakfast place, the food isn't anything special, the last time I went the service was horrible. I got there early enough that I didn't have to stand in line and there were plenty of open tables. When my waiter finally brought my food it was cold and greasy, not to mention he never came back to ask if I needed anything else. If you're looking for a breakfast place there are far better places in the neighbourhood, and if you see a lineup don't bother waiting.
4	Small popular brunch spot but well worth the wait in line! Variety, quality, value. Try the creton.
4	A very cute breakfast  spot that has something for everyone. You may have to wait a little to get seated but it's worth it. I've had their regular 2 eggs and meat breakfast  which comes with yummy fresh baguette bread if you want. This morning I chose the choco-banana crepes where simply delicious and are available in half portions for those who have smaller appetites. All the servers are nice but it took a long time to get our bill, although we didn't mind having some extra time to chat.
5	Great quality for great value.This is one of my favourite brunch places, it's super cute and is steps away from the Atwater Market and Lachine Canal. It's ideal for those summer days when you'd like to take a little stroll or bike ride after. It's usually busy and tends to have a line up during typical brunch hours, so the earlier (or later) you get in.. the better! I'm a big fan of their omelettes (the one's served in the cast iron skillet, too) and their benedicts! Their menu offers up so many varieties, all of which are delicious! Their potatoes are made to perfection... perfectly spiced, perfectly crispy on the outside, and perfectly soft on the inside! Whether you like it salty or sweet... you will not be disappointed.
4	So, this thing is right around my house and I had no idea. Amazing breakfast, probably the best eggs benedict I've had in a while and the rest of the food that was prancing around in other peoples tables looked delicious. Definitely going back there for more. Try it but remember: Go early 'cause around 11pm on weekends this place is packed.
2	*** 2.5 stars ***I came across Resto Quoi De N'oeuf on my most recent trip to Montreal; my SO and I walked in to this little brunch spot.  The line up process was a bit confusing, we stood inside for about 5 minutes before told that we need to wait inside the vestibule where they had a sign (tout en francais) stating to wait in the vestibule.  After they realized we were waiting for a table in the vestibule, we were seated about 5 minutes later.Mid-day Sunday, this place was happening.  The item to get is their skillet omeletes.  I ordered the Queen while my SO ordered the standard eggs and toast breakfast.  Overall, the food was average.  The service was meh as we placed our order 10 minutes after we were seated.  For a place that needs to turns tables quickly, the service did not match.  We had attitude as well from the servers.The skillets are unique but I would try elsewhere before come back for a return visit.
4	A much better than average breakfast, in a city that knows good brunches.  Tasty cretons on toasted baguette, beans, eggs... I'll be back to try their specialties. Disappointed in the OJ though.  And coffee was merely competent.  But come early, come often, I know I'll be there, it's a friendly, noisy community gathering spot with delicious food.  Kudos.
4	Lovely little breakfast spot. Coffee is mediocre, but the prices are amazing. Two people for $18, including tax and tips.
5	I was Joe S.'s date...but anyway! Great spot. Perfect eggs over easy and the best toast everrrrrr served with an eggs breakfast. No stars off for it, but it quickly became what felt like 100 degrees inside during our meal. Coffee was average, but everything else, (including service) was above. Something fun was that they also have a variety of jellies AND peanut butter at each table. Bonus points in my book.
4	I dig it here. It's made my brunchtastic list due to a combination of location, food, prices and the feel of the place.All three times I've been were at busy weekend brunch times but I've never waited long for a table. I just would pop in, tell the "host" how many were in my party/give my name, waited in the front foyer and then usually was seated in 5-10 mins. It's street parking but you can also use the shopping lot across the street.It's always busy, humming with conversations and seating is cozy with neighbouring tables. It has a neat little interior decor with a side of rustic exposed painted brick and the art of some local artist hanging on the walls. The waiters have always been super friendly as well as attentive whenever I've gone... the only delay was while waiting to pay but I was quite content to sit there and let my belly digest my brunch for a while anyway.The crepes, eggs benny and signature skillets are delicious. I had the vegetarian and cheese omelette once and it was alright but needed a bit of a flavour punch to be better. My friends went apeshizzle over the cretons so I guess it was good too, if that's your thing. Next up I'm trying their waffles and a croissant sandwich. Also, mimosas. When in doubt always have a mimosa.I will definitely become a regular here, especially with out of town friends.It was salivating... and not just because of the food. The waiters wear suspenders. I approve.
4	Great egg dishes. Crowded during brunch time.
4	Favourite breakfast spot, nice atmosphere and good food. Not pricey either.
4	The Atwater market area has many great breakfast places and this restaurant is one of them. The wait to get a table wasn't bad considering it was a Saturday morning.  We were seated in about 10-15 minutes. I ordered the eggs which came with a choice of meat (sausage in my case), feves aux lards, potatoes and toast.  I really liked how they do their potatoes and the sausage was also really good.  I wasn't too crazy about the feves aux lards but I've never been a fan of them to begin with. The prices are very reasonable here.  Filtered coffee is included with your meal.  The total bill was $14 after tip.  Service is also pretty good.  Overall I'd recommend this place.
4	Cute place, nice location, yummy food.What else do I need to say? My omelet was perfectly cooked and the potatoes passed the test! Prices were pretty decent too woot woot!
4	Another Yelp find while in Montreal for Osheaga. This place was close to where we stayed, and we were lucky to get a table without waiting - the line outside definitely grew longer shortly after we arrived! A busy place is generally a sign of good food, too. I had the main breakfast special with two meats and my bf had the waffle. Wow - portions are excellent. Service is good, and the range of options is pretty impressive. I saw a skillet pass by and I had order envy for sure. Will defintely come back next time we are visiting Montreal!
5	Awsome service! Wait staff was very friendly! And we were a groupe and it went fairly quickly! Food was fresh and good! portions were just right and the prices were reasonable as well. The ambiance is good, the music was a bit loud, dont think i would go with my parents since they wouldnt be able to hear me, but for me it was fine. Keeping it bookmarked!
5	I love this place.  You can pick holes in some of their menu items. However it is the combination of good home cooked food, ambience, friendly service and value for money that make this restaurant my regular place for breakfast ,lunch/ brunch. They are no longer open for dinner. I am  sorry to not have supported them more when they were.
