2	i shop at both costco and sams club... everytime i step into sams.. i ask myself... did i just walk into walmart version of costco?  some of the staffs are friendly..  and well..  some are clueless..  here is what went wrong when i visited sams..   i was purchasing case of beer.   my little girl was shopping with me.  when i got to the check out stand.  cashier says "sir i cant sell you the beer.  you are with minor and must be 21 or older to purchase any alcohol beverage".   i request store manager.  he repeats what the cashier said.  at this point i was very frustrated and there was no point of arguing with uneducated staff. later that day, i called the district manager and hoping i get some results.. well, even district manager was clueless.. so i explained that in state of arizona ARS.  person who's purchasing has to present their ID and must be 21 or older, not the person who is accompanying the purchaser.  well.. he returned my call couple hours later.. apologized.. and said he will retrain everyone regards to selling alcohol.oh here is the funny part..  3 weeks after this incident.. i was shopping at walmart with my family.. same thing happened..   so now i just stick with costco..
2	I am highly annoyed with Sam's Club right now.  I have always been a fan of both Costco and Sam's, but more recently Sam's changed it's return policy on electronics.  Now from a business stand point I completely understand that you were sick of taking my big screen TV back every year or two to upgrade my set with such a liberal return policy.  This is not what upset me but rather that I tried to return a jumper box and a large floor lamp that  stopped working.  I don't ever keep my receipt because it is a membership club that files EVERYTHING I buy in their system.  The return policy is still rather liberal but if they cant find the item they make you feel like you are taking advantage of them.  You see the reason I buy almost everything at both Sam's and Costco is because they make these companies stand behind their products (crazy I know), why else would I pay for an annual membership.  Anyway, Sam's also says  that their system only keeps files now for 2 years.  I went over to Costco later that day and guess what...they have files that go back to 2001.  I know it seems crazy to return anything after that long but I am not one of  those tool-bags that returns everything and I spend quite a bit of money at each club since I go out of my way to purchase there.  The final straw was when my mom tried  to go back to have them fix a nail in a tire she bought from them just 1 month ago (keep in mind that discount will fix any tire for free no matter where you purchase it) and she also had her receipt but because I bought them for her for Christmas and she does not have a membership.  They would not help her without my Sam's club membership number....OK, well the number was worn out on my card and it took an additional 15 minutes with me arguing over the phone with these pricks that SHE HAS A FRICKEN RECEIPT!!!  I am strongly contemplating canceling my membership with these guys.  It probably wont matter since Walmart owns the world now but they cant stay on top forever if they keep changing their rules.
5	I recently had an issue with my card and the samsclub.com online system.  The local management rose above and helped in any way possible to make the situation a positive experience.  It is rare to find people who in a large corporation rise above the corporate line and want to help out.  Thank you!!!
2	Customer service sucks no wonder Costco is busier.
2	I went to Sams Club & requested a 1 day pass due to my Costco membership was about to expire & I wanted to decide if I wanted to stick with Costco or switch to Sams club.I went on a Monday afternoon & I was the only person standing at the customer service counter. Two woman behind the counter just stared at me. No hello. No how can we help you so I said I would like to get a 1 day pass. The lady asked for my id with no please & entered my info into their computer system & handed me the 1 day pass with no eye contact, the only thing she had to say to me was anything I purchased would be 10% more when it was rang up. Well that whole experience pretty much did it for me. My impression of Sams Club was ruined just from my few minutes of experience with customer service. Yes I did shop & yes I really liked the store & the different things they offered compared to Costco but because customer service sucked so bad I am sticking to Costco.
5	Clean store. Were great on a in receipted  return for me. Nice selection of food and house hold stuff.
2	Snack bar has one person and it really slow sucks so she collect some money hemiplegia the food that's gross
5	This bakery provided 5 cakes for our daughter's wedding. They were exactly as ordered and delicious! I would highly recommend them. Nick in the floral and produce area was very helpful in the flower order and went above and beyond. I would highly recommend them for both quality and affordability!
4	I dig Sam's club. You can't beat the prices and every now and then, they have a truly amazing deal that has me buying something that I don't really even need. Believe it or not their pizzas are awesome and cheap. Plus you can't beat $1.50 for a Polish Dog and a drink. If you compare the size and the price of their rotisserie chicken to Fry's, you will never buy one at Fry's again.The only things that drives me nuts is when they move something around to put it on an end cap and I can't find it.  Also the fact that they only have some things for a short time. Some time they have rafts and some times they don't. Some times they have gun safes, and some  times they don't. Some times they have jungle gyms for kids, and some times they don't. Overall though, I am a Sam's club guy, because the employees have always been cool with me.
