4	Livestock. Yes, livestock. This weekend I bought livestock from Aden's Hay Oasis. I started small - getting 4 chicks, but I will soon expand my livestock ownership to goats in the next few weeks. Aden didn't carry goats, but they had food, cages, and accessories for ALL kinds of livestock, from goats and sheep, to dairy cows and show horses. I was able to pick out my chicks and get all the essentials from Aden's. The two guys working the shop were less than helpful...they definitely seemed detached and they were a little slow checking me out. But when I asked them a direct question, they knew what they were talking about and helped me out.If you're coming from far away, call first to make sure they have what you need...because it's a long drive only to find out they are out of something!
5	A hay oasis?  Yes, and more.  If you have guinea pigs, you know that buying Kaytee timothy hay in that little bag gets mighty expensive after a while.  You don't always know what kind of quality it is or how old it is.  Waiting at Petco for a sale so you can save a buck off the hay just doesn't do it for me any more. . .Okay, I've got news for you--no more Petco for the damned hay.  Come to Aden's Hay Oasis.  Hay by the BALE.  Stop wasting your money.  When I was here, they were out of timothy hay bales, but bales of alfalfa and bermuda grass were like $15 or $16 per bale.  They did have large, gallon-sized ziplock bags filled with timothy hay for $2.  Two dollars!  I got three, and they're fresh and no doubt tasty to my cavies.Guinea pig owners in the middle of the Valley may think that it's too far of a drive out to Higley just for hay, but consider what you pay every time you go to the pet store--you get a tiny bag of hay that's priced like it's gold.  Believe me, when you think about it, you realize that driving that distance to get a BALE for $15 ain't bad at all.  Plus, they're really friendly folks here.To all my fellow cavy enthusiasts--make the drive and get your hay here.  It's full guinea pig bellies on the cheap.
4	If you have bunnies or guinea pigs, it seems like there is a constant search for good quality hay that won't break the bank.  Aden's hay oasis offers bermuda, alfalfa, and timothy hay by the bale for an inexpensive price compared to other small animal retailers.  I'm not sure how many pounds a bale is, but the bale I bought was approx 1'x2'x3' and will fit in your car (bring 2 33 gallon trash bags to prevent any loose hay from invading into the upholstery or the trunk).  The timothy hay they sell here is 2nd cut, and a bale is $17.99 including tax.  The quality isn't as good as hay I've bought from other places (Tranquility Trail, kmshayloft online), as it's less leafy, with thinner blades of grass, and more brown, but the price can't be beat, and it's relatively close-by compared to the other two.In addition to hay, Aden's sells baby chickens, ducks, various types of feed, and supplies for livestock.  Those baby chicks and ducks are adorable!
1	As a U-haul rental place, this is not the one.  We reserved a motorcycle trailer in advance.  According to the web site they had one.  Went to pick it up, it was pouring rain, so they hooked it up for us so we didn't have to get out in rain.  I know we should have checked it for ourselves...stupid....When we got home and went to get it ready to put the motorcycle on it we realized that what they gave us was a regular utility trailer.  When we called they said that someone had wrecked the motorcycle trailer.  My thought was this....You couldn't have called us ahead of time and let us know that you didn't have one?  Or better yet, gotten one from another u haul place for us to rent.  Was that trailer turned in the night before after you closed?........They did call around and find another one for us, but we had to drive back to their location, return the trailer, then drive to the new location to get the new trailer..  Added at least an hour onto our departure time for our vacation.  I am not a happy camper....
5	They are AWESOME! Tammie the owner and her awesome assistant walked me through buying, having and maintaining chickens. I bought my chicken coop, a couple chicks, organic feed, water food and feed containers. That was a few months ago and things are great! I am so thankful for this feed store! Never been to better!
