1	I know it's not New York, and the Felafel will be disappointing, but at least it should be fast, right? No... I'm not sure what happened, but I ordered a Felafel pita sandwich and it took something like 20 minutes for the sandich to show up. No explanation for the delay.Not only that, but it came wrapped in Lavash rather than stuffed in Pita bread. Maybe cool as a place to go smoke a hookah, but other than that, La Pita is La-Lame.
3	i think i'm only giving it three stars instead of two because it wasn't as bad as i thought i was going to be. you know when someone drags you to a movie that you know is just going to be awful, but then you laugh at like, three parts of it, and only think about stabbing the main character's eyes out once during the whole thing? by any other standards, that would warrant a "yeah, i saw it, that movie sucked!", but you find yourself telling your coworkers the next day, "yeah, it was OK."my special gentleman friend and i were post-Borders and trying to think of a semi-decent place to get food and drinks as we walked down Mill at 9:30 p.m. on a Monday night. Caffe Boa was too pricey, Z Tejas and Gordon Biersch never even come up on my taste radar, Slices was closed... We settled on Rula Bula and were headed north when a girl sitting on a plastic chair right outside La Pita picked us out of the pedestrian traffic and stated flatly, "$1 Bud Bottles."That's it; not even a complete sentence, but she knew it would get the job done. we looked at the menu of generic mediterranean hummus/falafel/pita fare taped up in the window before committing with a " What the hell?"La Pita has about 15 small cafe-style tables and i was surprised to see a fairly long bar for bellying up. we setttled into a huge corner booth right by the big window that looks right onto Mill Ave. they were rocking 100.7 and it was pretty dead in there, so we got our groove on to Blue Oyster Cult while our very nice and girl-next-door sweet waitress took our order. here's the official stats: Chicken Schwarma ($7 or $8)- awful, terrible, disgusting. it came out looking like a giant taquito and the inside had the consistency of tuna and the taste of nothing. Gyro ($6) - this was a gamble, but i took it and sometimes the risk pans out. there was plenty of large cuts of gyro meat (which was not super salty - a sure cover-up for tasteless gyro meat) , the tzaziki was pretty good and the pita was alright, too. both orders came with a fairly large order of fries on the side.service was good and friendly, not incompetent and dismissive like most college-y cafes in the area.so, three stars it is, apparently on a sliding relative standards scale: cheap beer (that girl, by the way, wasn't a server and didn't appear to work behind the bar either. in fact, she disappeared after we sat down, never to be seen again. weird), 50% good food and decent service at the oh-so-late hour of 10 p.m. on a monday night.
2	I lived in AZ for a year and this was my hang out.  It was great when it was a HOOKAH BAR and now they are trying to do this night club thing and I HATE IT!!! The food isn't anything special the service is OK.... Now it is only a 21 and up inside deal which it wasn't before and there is no hookah.... I don't like what it turned into the old La PIta was GREAT now i got nothing....
1	not impressed.  I cant rate the food, because I NEVER GOT ANY!!!i placed a delivery, i live about a mile away. after an hour and no food i placed a call. they said they would check about the driver real fast, and then they  hung up on me without asking which order was mine. i called back a few minutes later, they said they were borrowing a driver from hungry howie's  and it would be on its way.  any delivery over 45 minutes isnt worth the wait.  that was 5 hours ago and they never bothered to call to tell me it wasnt coming.  really bad customer service, i wouldnt order from ever again!!!!!!
