1	They have bed bugs. See the pictures. Gross.
4	Fortunately, we did not have any sort of bugs in our room.  Except for a stain that seemed to be an old one on the carpet, our room was very clean.  The room was pretty spacious, it included a sitting area, a good size fridge and a microwave.  We were in town for a wedding and I think this is pretty much your only choice for accommodations in Florence.  The continental breakfast is decent. Overall, it's clean, quiet and comfy!
2	This hotel is really the only option for lodging in Florence.  On the positive side the hotel did provide a shuttle to the ceremony site and there was coffee in the lobby which you needed due to the long check in process.  You would think the management would have provided more staff knowing the number of guests arriving.  I do have to compliment the staff on duty who remained pleasant as guests became more and more frustrated with the lengthy wait to check in.  On  the negative side, I realized that I left a blouse in the room after checking out.  I called within hours and was told that I must be mistaken that no blouse was left in the room.  I KNOW I left the blouse in the closet.  I realize it was my error but the implication that I was trying to somehow scam them was offensive.  I hope who is ever wearing my favorite blouse will enjoy it.
3	The breakfast and service during breakfast was great. They had a good variety. The pool area was really inviting. Down side, there was no maid service for 5 days. I had to change out towels and empty the trash myself. Overheard the maids say that it was the weekend and they do not have to clean on the weekends. I did express my concerns to the manager and she said she had three other complaints the day I checked out. She was going to talk to the maids. In general, the facility was nice.
5	Project Highway is on the road a LOT, and we come across a wide variety of people and hotels.  This Holiday Inn Express and it's employees are seriously just plain awesome.  The rooms were immaculate, the breakfast bar inviting and tasty (loved the pancake machine, lol), and even the grounds were above average. The beds were exceptionally comfortable (loved the choice of "firm" or "soft" pillows and the extra down blanket), and THERE WERE NO BUGS!!The general manager Damon takes great pride in not only his hotel, but the town and made us feel ever so welcome. The night manager, Tanya... there are no words.  Within minutes of visiting with her, it was like finding a long-lost friend.  We kept each other laughing for at least half-an-hour, and over the course of our 3-day stay, she remembered our names every time she saw us; even with a full house. When in Florence, staying here is a MUST. The local attractions are great: visit the Windmill Winery, it's amazing, and for unusual gifts/souvenirs, go to the Prison Outlet.  Florence is a prison town, and the Prison Outlet is a little store (closed Sun and Mon) that sells the most creative things made by inmates.  If you need ANY info on what is going on in town or where to go, ask Damon.  He has the inside track on everything worth anything in Florence and is eager to share. Nothing but great things to say about Florence in general and this Holiday Inn Express in particular!!
4	This hotel is delightful. Clean rooms, fast friendly service, and a nice pool.Less than two miles away is the Windmill Winery, a bridal venue. Two miles in the opposite direction is the Arizona State Prison complex. And less than a mile away is the Old Pueblo restaurant where you'll find some of the best handmade flour tortillas anywhere, including Carolina's in Phoenix.Unless you're going to a wedding, visiting a societal ass-wart (family member) in prison, or are sick of Carolina's, there's no reason to come to Florence. But if you do, this is the place to stay. Mainly, because there is no other place to stay.HIE has a complimentary breakfast that will satisfy the budding diabetic with its cinnamon rolls, pancakes and muffins. The eggs are in the shape of a taco and are presented in a rack, standing upright. Really weird, that was a new one.Also featured yogurt, fresh fruit, and all types of beverages. All in all, this is a pretty nice place. The bed was harder than a honeymoon schlong.
1	They STILL have bed bugs!  Family stayed here last weekend for a local wedding and got chewed up.  Initially the front desk wasn't helpful either.  Beware!
