5	I love this place!! They have different flavors everyday. I like coming Mondays for their Heath soft ice cream. YUMMM!!I'm going there tomorrow.... AND it's FAT FREE!!wahooo!!
5	This is our fave frozen yogurt place.  It reminds me of the 1st froyo places that sprung up in the 80's.  The yogurt is not the sickly sweet kind you find at most places around the valley.  The flavors change daily and the prices are super good.  They even have a 1/2 size for the littlest customer.  Its a 15 minute drive for us - but we make it!
5	This place was everything I was looking for to satisfy my fro-yo lovin' sweet tooth.  The yogurt was good, the flavor selection was good, the service was good....well you get the idea.It was good!!
5	I would consider myself an icecream/yogurt condiseuer.now.... this place i have been going to since i was a little peewee! The store actually used to be located on McKellips and Gilbert road and then moved to where it is now.Anyway... this is a local family owned FANTASTIC yogurt shop that has evolved and adapted (to competition) to a yogurt, smoothie, hangout type place. The staff is soo nice and really care for their customers. Always smiling and taking time to ask "how your day was", etc. Now lets talk about the yogurt.... SOOO PERFECT!!!they offer various flavors every day. they do have a calendar they hand out so you can put on your fridge. They make great yogurt pies too!!!And the best part of all this is that it is very cheap compared to the chain yogurt/icecream shops!!!!If you live around this area (mesa high school) you definately need to take a yogurt break... makes for a great date or dessert stop after dinner because they have plenty of sitting area in and outside and they have a PACMAN game that you can play while enjoying your delightful treat.The absolute best place for yogurt!!!!
4	4 stars because they don't take credit cards. Really? In this day and age?  Yogurt and shakes were good, but not the best I've ever had, but a solid 4 stars.
3	They don't take cards, which is a bummer.What I don't like is that it can be a hotspot for teens to socialize (since there's a high school basically across the street); which can get rowdy and annoying.
5	I go here as often as possible. I went once and realized I had NO CASH after I had ordered, (Mesa FroYo is cash only =[ ), I was so embarrassed but the man at the counter was so nice! The flavors are excellent, the establishment is super clean and the employees are always, always, always wonderful!In addition to being a friendly place with lots of options it is ridiculously cheap.TRY IT!
4	Good yogurt and resonably priced.  Give it a try.
5	If you're ever in Mesa, you should definitely swing by Mesa FroYo, which is a well-known secret to natives of Mesa.  There's always something great to choose from in their six weekly favorites and the swirls are always fun for variety.  Prices are fantastic and the small is always plenty for someone with an appetite like mine.  I like encouraging local businesses and this is one I've been supporting since I was in high school.Just make sure to use the bathroom before you go because they don't have one.
5	Mesa Frozen Yogurt offers some of the best frozen yogurt I've ever tried.  Honest!   It's creamy and oh so delicious!  The best part is that all of their yogurt is low fat or fat free, and only 80 calories per 4 ounces.  So, eating here often is practically guilt-free!  Dessert treats without the worry.  Another great thing is how each and every day there are new flavors to try.  Of course, they have classic chocolate and vanilla always available, but I like to be different and get something new every time I visit.  I go fairly frequently and I still haven't had everything yet!  Prices are very reasonable.  It's only 90 cents (plus tax) for their smallest size (3 ounces).   They have other offerings besides frozen yogurt too.   They have smoothies and a few snack-type foods.  My only gripe is that they don't except debit/credit cards, so make sure you have a few dollars in cash on hand.  It can get busy in the evenings as well.
4	This place is so cute. It reminds me of a cross between an old-school ice cream parlor and a Philadelphia-style pretzel/hoagie shop.You can tell it's still family run, and so what if they don't take cards, I say!Honestly, so far I've only sampled the yogurt (3 different times), but it is some amazingly tasty stuff.
4	The yogurt was pretty tasty for a mom and pop shop. I usually get way too over excited for the do it yourself scoop your toppings on your own type fro-yo places but i figured id give this place a shot. As far as their flavors go from the one i have tried so far-decent. Nothing mind blowing YET. but decent...No mochi topping (-1 star) every fro yo place has mochi! Except mom and pop places. *tear* yes...i am really docking a point because of that because i am just weird like that okay?  It's like going into a Boba tea place and them running out of boba or not even having any. It is slightly upsetting.  I am half Filipino so i LOVE boba and mochi how typical right? When i am back in the area i will have to try yet another flavor but until then they still have my business with their other flavors i am excited to try and fall in love with minus the fact that there will be NO Mochi toppings im sure because i am pretty sure most of you are not aware of what it is. (google it!) ;)
4	Ever decide to "pass" on dinner and just go out and find a good dish of frozen yogurt? This is now where we like to go. Some yogurt places have gotten expensive for what you get... not this place. Agree wholeheartedly with other yelpers about the creaminess of their product. Low in calories, terrific taste and not too expensive. What else could you ask for?It would be nice if they took credit cards but they would probably have to charge more for their yogurt to pay "the system."  Of course, it would be nice if they were located at the corner of Elliot and Higly too:)
4	My principal problem with this place is that the high school kids there clearly don't really care about the customers too much. I don't really think that they even care about anything too much. They're lucky that their job doesn't require a massive knowledge of customer service or their product, or that store would be screwed. Otherwise, it's a fantastic place with cheap yogurt and a well-maintained atmosphere. My personal favorite so far is the mounds bar flavor. I also like their shortcake and yellow cake. Peanut butter is good, too. Any of their weird flavors are truly where it's at. I work at the teaching supply next door, so I know for a fact that the awful nail salon smell is completely outside of their control, so please, if you smell this, please take it into extreme consideration.I've also had their pretzels and cheese. It's worth getting, but they microwave them, which is a little creepy. I really don't think much of their choice not to take credit cards, because I spend maybe $2.00 when I go. In all honesty, if people don't carry cash around with them, it means they clearly don't understand how much the credit card industry ruins the fuck out of local business revenue stream. Let them take cash only, if only because you care.All in all, worth going.
4	EXCELLENT frozen yogurt! Only downside is that they only have a select few flavors. But, the flavors do change daily.
4	The Good: So this place has excellent yogurt. Its creamy, never gritty, and the flavors are fun and forever changing. I have been going here for nearly 15 years and I'm never disappointed in the yogurt. Its wonderful!The Bad: This is the reason I'm not giving it 5 stars. First, they only take cash. I'm someone who never carries cash so it makes it inconvenient to have to remember to bring some. Second, no longer do you see the family members working there with their friendly faces but instead are these high school teens that don't care about their job and talk about their high school drama instead of showing some courtesy to the customers. Lastly they don't have a lot of toppings to choose from and I feel they're a bit pricey so I never get them.For years I refused to get yogurt anywhere else because MFY was sooo good I didn't like any other shops but alas I have ventured and found other great places that are doing a better job at creating creamy yogurt. I'll still go there every so often when I'm in the area but nowadays I seem to like other places a bit better but its still very much worth a try. FYI, they're not open on Sundays! I used to always forget about that!
5	By far the BEST fro yo place EVER. That is all I have to say.
5	My FAV Fro Yo place by FAR b/c of its Taste. I've tried all Fro yo shops.  Has sugar free choc & van. Sells extra frozen pre-made to take home to your freezer and it tastes great even after 2-3 weeks!!!
5	Great fro yo and the people who own it are great!
4	Love this place for a few reasons:1. They don't skimp on the good stuff. You want a medium? You GET it and then some. 2. Rootbeer floats. By far the best bang for your buck, you get to pick your flavor and then you get to enjoy it with your favorite fizz.3. Price. Go on Monday nights because they do a 'happy hour' type deal on their toppings. FYI they are a cash only place, so keep that in mind before you go and it's a small space so if you have a group of more than 4, expect a tight squeeze.
4	Great local frozen yogurt place! They had a small variety of frozen yogurts which change daily along with a variety of toppings. They have a selection of to-go frozen yogurts that aren't on their daily menu which is nice. Their offerings also included some snacks such as nachos & pretzels. The vanilla frozen yogurt with gummy bears was really good as were the nachos! I'll definitely be going back!
4	This place is uncomplicated frozen yogurt.  They don't have a million flavors or a million toppings, but they have a nice selection of each.  And their prices can't be beat!  So if you are looking for some cheap, tasty frozen yogurt, definitely check this place out.
