5	This is a NICE hotel. Super new and newly renovated. Hotel Zero-1 looks like it was once a hostel but is renovated to be a full service hotel. It is conveniently located on Rene Levesque and St. Laurent, so the Airport express bus stops very close to it, and you can easily walk up St. Laurent to get to anywhere that matters in Montreal.The lobby is very hip and the check-in staff are very helpful and down to earth. Each room is very nicely furnished with modern furniture, colourful lighting but the rooms have a dark finish that is more night clubby. Each room has its own kitchenette with a sink, microwave and fridge so you have a place to heat up your leftovers and even entertain. The IP phone system means you can make free long distance calls anywhere in the world. I asked the staff if they would ever change it and they said "we figure the cost is covered when you come to stay here next". Great philosophy. The technology support is great. Each room has its own wireless router, although upload rates seem quite slow.Breakfast is great too. Complimentary assortment of fruit, yogurt, and pastries. The Muffins are some of the best muffins I've ever had, seriously.There is a gym, but it's not much to write home about. I wouldn't ding them for it but I wish they had some free weights. There's a nice deck with a great view on the 5th floor. South facing rooms have a much better view of the skyline of Old Montreal. Ask to be put in one of those.Just awesome awesome value. I'm a huge fan.
2	So, I am going to try to review this as fairly as possible, considering that it's not the hotels fault that I was sent here against my will.To make a long story short, the Hyatt overbooked, and we were bumped and sent to this hotel instead.  If you are looking for a hotel that seems like a doomed nightclub, you will be happy, if you are looking for a 4 star hotel, as we were when we booked the Hyatt, you will be quite disappointed.I understand where they were trying to go with their decor, I really do.  I can see how ultra modern can be appealing.  I just think that for that look to work, the furnishings need to be really high-end and high quality, this was very IKEA.  The overall vibe that this hotel gave off, is of one of those nightclubs that open and close in the same year.  It came off as cheesy, and considering the hotel has only been open 3 months, it's plain to see that a lot of their things will not be lasting much longer, at all.  For instance, the sliding door in  the bedroom is pulling off the wall already, there is no way it will stay on another 3 months.There is no where to park.  You must valet park, which is 23 dollars, plus tip and tax... not crazy for montreal parking, but it's super inconvenient, you need to allow 30 minutes for them to retrieve your car!  We waited 30, and the valet boy hadn't even left to get it yet.  I would hate to get to my room and realize that I left something in my car.I don't know what they were thinking with the shower... Again, I know they have this ultra modern theme going on, but I felt like I was taking a shower in a gym stall.  The shower was very narrow, with the shower head on the long side of the wall, giving you pretty much no room.  I am not sure that a larger person would be able to take a shower in there at all.There are no king sized beds, in the whole hotel.  Probably because they don't fit in the rooms... they are that small.We upgraded to the best room they had, which did have neat floor to ceiling windows, on the top floor, but the elevator was directly abutting our room, so every time ANYONE used the elevator, even 12 floors below, we heard this loud whirring noise.  Someone randomly walked into our room, while I was changing (luckily I was around the corner, but still).  As for the good, yes, there is some good...The hotel staff was very accommodating and friendly.  They tried to help us the best they could.  There were lots of "extras" in the room, such as wine glasses, plates, and I think a cheese knife.  There was a microwave, and a scale, and some other kitcheny type things that were a nice touch.The TVs were very good quality.  Happy to have an iPad charging radio too.Free wifi.. I've been paying for it, so the free wifi was nice.  To sum it up, there are probably a lot of people who would like this hotel.  I'd imagine they would be a bit young (not that I am old, at 27) and maybe be taking a bus or cab.  I'd imagine that they would not have to care about a pool or a bar/restaurant or room service.
3	I'm really sad to be downgrading my rating on this hotel. Many of my selling points are no longer relevant. I'm not sure if it was great when I was first there during jazz fest because of the high traffic, but when I'm not seeing the same great features during low season either speaks poorly of their consistency, or of their realization that offering certain amenities that made them "different" was too costly for them. The cool furniture and the decor is unchanged. This time I stayed in a bigger room, which claimed to have floor to ceiling windows. Caution that these are only limited to the corner. You have regular windows everywhere else. The Panorama room still has a nice living area set apart with a couch and its own TV apart from the main sleeping area. You can even slide a wall to separate the two rooms, although I'm not sure why you'd ever do that.The IP Phone system now charges for long distance. Even domestic long distance! 10 cents a minute flat, anywhere in the world is still decent, but when I used to have it for free, this is disappointing.The breakfast is no longer "great". Gone are the yogurt and all you have left are apples and muffins. The muffins seemed a bit stale too.The gym's water cooler was empty and beeped non stop throughout my workout.The cleanliness overall seems to have taken a hit. When I checked in I noticed some hairs on the wall of the bathrooms. Dark hairs! These guys are slipping when it comes to attention to detail.I know times are tough, but what hurts to me about all these changes is that this was the most clear sign to me that they threw away the philosophy of winning business by offering these bonuses. Now Zero-1 no longer enjoys preferential treatment when I'm looking up Montreal hotels.
2	The hotel receives 3 stars, but due to a horrible valet, a star gets knocked off.  The hotel is modern and clean, no frills but affordable.  They offer muffins and coffee for breakfast.  The staff is pleasant and the decor is very interesting.  The shower design is pretty neat.  We chose to use the hotel valet, with unlimited access to your car.  Overall it is fine, it can take about a half hour to get your car, so plan ahead.  The day that we left, the valet must not have known how to drive a manual, as we discovered a horrible burning smell after we drove off.  After taking it to the Volkswagen nearby, it was confirmed that the clutch had been burnt.  We called the hotel, but had a difficult time finding and getting a hold of the manager for resolution of the issue.
4	We were very pleased with this hotel.  The price was right and the Ikea-esque furniture was fine with us; proof you don't have to spend a fortune or charge a fortune to have attractive surroundings.  The room was clean and well-maintained.  We especially liked the kitchenette with sink, microwave, refrigerator, place settings, wine glasses and coffee maker.  We don't mind smaller rooms and ours had a great view of the city.  Save yourself the money on valet parking - the Desjardins garage on Rue St. Urbain (a 5 min. walk) charges $10 overnight on weekends and $19 on weekdays.
5	I have to say i'm very happy we picked this hotel. Staff was very kind and attentive, even during the New years celebration. I would definitively come back to this hotel, everything is walking distance outside the hotel, the price is just right. the room had a great view of the city. thank you hotel zero-1  for making my vacation experience great! :)
2	The staff here was very kind and helpful. I found it interesting that you could buy the hotel room you where staying in... The modern look of the hotel was appealing to me, but it didn't quite carry over to the rooms. The furnishing in the rooms were cheap and felt like they may break when using them. One plus is there was free internet that worked well. The biggest problem was parking, which is valet only ( understandable). It took over 30 minute to retrieve your car from valet. The experience was just okay for the price that was paid.
4	The rooms in this hotel are small, but the location and the decor make up for the lack of space. Despite the size of the rooms, the designers somehow managed to pack a fridge and a ton of storage space into each room. Well done. Also, each room has it's dedicated wireless network, so Internet speeds are rather fast. My only suggestion for  guests would be to request a room that's on a higher level. My room faced Rene-Levesque Blvd, which is pretty noisy on Friday and Saturday nights until 2 or 3 am. I was on the 8th floor and could still hear a moderate amount of noise. I imagine it's a lot noisier on the lower levels.
1	After a 12 hour day of driving our group arrived at 11pm to discover that the hotel had oversold, despite pre-calling to confirm the booking and room allocations. This resulted in the hotel trying to fit 6 of us into 3 single rooms (having booked 3 twin share rooms), with a cot bed that obviously didn't fit. The last of our group got into their rooms at 1am with people sleeping on a 2-seat sofa. They offered us individual rooms the following day and then charged for all but one, despite being apologetic they would not back down on charging us for THEIR mistake. The hotel has not returned e-mails or calls, as a group we stay at hotels all over the world and this has by far been the most appalling for customer service. The hotel itself was ridiculous, terrible decor, very cold rooms and cheap furnishings, would not recommend this hotel to anyone.
4	We booked this hotel using Hotels.com and the rate was very good so we thought heck why not try it. The hotel is different from chain hotels. From the outside it looks like an office building, we didnt even know we had arrived. Inside, every detail is almost hidden, discrete. I believe the hotel was originally redesigned as condos, because of the market crash, I think it was recently renovated into a hotel. Rooms are sheik yet simple, modern yet cozy. The rooms were clean and efficient use of space. Very good energy. Will stay again. Walking distance to St. Catherine's or Old Town, right across the street from China Town. Great Location.
4	Great location, friendly staff, nicely appointed for the price.We didn't have a car and cabbed in from the airport. We stayed here due to the hotel's proximity to the US Consulate and because it is mostly in the center of town. Most things in the city are within easy walking distance, though we put that to the test in -20C windchill weather! It is also convenient to a few Metro stations as well as the Saint Laurient bus line (55).The room we had was rather small, but for the price I can't complain -- it was easily big enough for my wife and I, and the free in-room wifi was certainly a nice touch so I didn't have to pay exorbitant data roaming fees.The bed was super comfy which was a pleasant surprise despite being a queen (the biggest that can reasonably fit in these rooms).The hotel is also adjacent to a 24/7 Mac's (forget the Quebec name) which has a reasonable cache of the necessities along with beer/wine. You can actually get into the store without even having to leave the hotel which is rather convenient.Based on all of these factors I would highly recommend this to anyone I know staying in Montreal. 4 stars because although the experience was great, it didn't necessarily blow my mind. :)
2	I stayed here for a night during a business trip (mixed with a little sightseeing).Service: A little hit or miss. The people were perfectly friendly, but the machinery (for lack of a better term) did a lot of strange things. My room key wouldn't work at first, and there's no phone on the room floors so I had to go back down to the front desk. This leads to weird thing 2) where I got on, pressed ground floor, then got taken *up* 2 floors before down to RC. They sent a guy back with me to the door who used 3 different cards and a machine trying to make it work. Then I left to go get food and weird thing 3) happened where my room didn't lock. Yeah, I opened and closed it a bunch of times, I checked if there was a delay...nope. It just didn't lock. Kind of freaky, but it eventually fixed itself and 4) the elevator took me and a construction dude down to the basement, then up to my destination of RC. They were able to give me late check out to 1 pm, but I wasn't ever able to reach housekeeping at night. Cleanliness: spotless and new.Decor: The rooms are all quite teeny but have a (disconcerting) number of mirrors around to hide this. The big yellow-tinted one by the bed was a little odd. The one by the toilet was similarly unattractive, but the one in the shower was fun for recreating shampoo commercials. It's all wanna-be-cool modern, with a lot of black, white, and red/yellow/silver. The hallways are so dark you can barely see the room numbers, but it's "hip." The shower is a little oddly small (like an alcove?)Services: There was a kitchenette, but I didn't use it. There was a cutting board, a bread knife, a wine opener, and two sets of utensils. Very French. Free wifi in each room, with dedicated routers. Awesome, and easy to hop onto someone else's when yours stops working :/Location: This place is right next to Chinatown, which is good for cheap Asian food but bad for wanting authentic Montreal food. You have to go a bit farther and up or down to get that. It was also pretty sketchy walking through at night - I passed by a sexotheque and what I'm *pretty* sure was a drug deal. But I'm also from NYC, so I just did my New Yorker fast walk and all was fine. I never felt threatened, even as a small female. Price: Can't beat that. $110 + $21 of taxes and fees.
3	Really torn between 2 and 3 stars here. It's not a bad hotel. Zero-1 is a good deal if you like a hip/modern/industrial aesthetic, don't mind dark walls and aren't arriving by car.the good:The price is great. I used a groupon deal and it was a fantastic price on an enormous suite-type room. open-plan living room/wet-bar/kitchenette. nice view, an extra room with a pull-out couch. I really liked the bathroom and the large picture window in the main room.it was pretty hip.the lobby was gorgeous, staff competent and kind. good service.free coffee and tea in the lobby was nice.great free wifiroom was clean and comfortablethe bad:decor overall was really off-base. I laughed at the other reviewer's description of "doomed nightclub" I can really see what she means. dark walls everywhere. the layout was a little strange. I can see what they're going for- a trendy place, modern. they just didn't pull it off. the finishing touches just weren't there. I didn't want to spend time in the room. It's also not my taste, so maybe others would enjoy it more.their parking situation is not good. there's nowhere to pull your car in when you arrive so their valet service was confusing when we arrived. Valet service was a bad point again when we were leaving we had to wait for a long time. Long time = well over 20 minutes. not unforgivable and we had free coffees from the lobby to sip on. Seemed long because we were trying to get on the road home and no one could tell us whether the car was actually coming.
4	Stayed here in October of 2011 and really enjoyed it. I loved the decor in this hotel, but I'm a sucker for a modern look. It's in an excellent location, only one block from Sainte-Catherine. I was actually able to find parking around the block, where I kept my car for a couple of days without an issue. There was something really nice, almost life changing, about having a mirror (from the chest up) in the shower. I've wanted one in my apartment ever since. Anyway, being in such a great location, and affordably priced, I would definitely consider staying at Hotel Zero-1 next time I'm in Montreal. It might be my go-to on trips where I don't feel like splurging.
4	Booked this hotel for a three-night stay in Montreal.  All in all, I was satisfied.  The location of the hotel can't be beat.  It's right at the entrance of Chinatown, only about a 10 min. walk in either direction to La Plateau-Mont Royal or Vieux Montreal neighborhoods, and about four blocks to the nearest Metro stop and Bixi bike dock.   The room was (we got the "Hip" room) was a little on the smallish side, but that's to be expected when you're staying in the center of a large city.  Size wasn't an issue.  There's a 5th floor balcony that's a nice spot for enjoying a (BYOB) drink.  Croissants, fruit and coffee located in the lobby every morning.  Also, a 24-hour convenience store on the 1st floor with an ATM that only charged me $1.50 to pull out Canadian Dollars.  The "Hip" room we had was equipped with flat-screen TV, sink, microwave, refrigerator (fortunately empty and not stocked with overpriced drinks and snacks), silverware, cutting board, cloth place mats, wine glasses etc., essentially any items you would need to plan a picnic (which we did) or heat a quick meal up in your room.  We didn't go to any music festivals while in town, but I would think that all these items would be great to have in your room if you're spending your day outside listening to tunes.  One small gripe I had about the hotel was the decor, while it's all stylish and chic looking, it took us some getting used to the walls painted in black and exposed concrete columns in the room. However, by the end of the trip, I realized I picked the right hotel and the decor I had gotten used to.  The view outside our room was great (we stayed on the 9th floor, hotel has 12 floors total).
3	Looking fora relatively cheap hotel to stay at in Montreal for a visit this past weekend, my friends and I settled on Hotel Zero 1 as a decently priced option that was pretty close to the downtown area. Maybe my French is off, but I definitely got the feeling that the building is mixed-use, given the advertisements in the elevator for condominium unit sales. The folks at the front desk spoke decent English, and checking in and out was a cinch. There's not an obvious place for parking around, so the hotel must park somewhere that's a little bit aways, as you have to give at least 30 minutes notice for the valet to park the car in the back (in front of the Couche-Tard). The elevator situation is a bit annoying - there's only one, and if there are enough people there at a time, you may have to wait a cycle or two before you can get on.The rooms themselves are relatively small, in line with the size you'd find in a European hotel. While it definitely has a 'new' feeling to it, there are some things (like parts of the wall that are exposed concrete) that give hints to its older roots. There's plenty of space available to put clothes in, and the window looks out onto Rene-Levesque and Chinatown (if you're facing southeast, as we were). The mirrors are a bit odd (the big one has a vaguely yellow tint, while the one opposite the toilet is just bad placement), but otherwise everything else is pretty standard. For a tiny room, fitting in a microwave and mini-fridge is pretty impressive.Overall, for $100/night, it's a solid enough location that's pretty central to a lot of areas. And if walking isn't close enough, there are always lots of cabs around the intersection of Saint-Laurent and Rene-Levesque to hop in. It's not name-brand, but it should do the job. The elevator situation and the lack of nearby parking are the main drawbacks, but that didn't impinge on my experience all that much.
4	I thought this was a solid little hotel. The staff was very friendly and accommodating. In fact, they provided a complimentary birthday card and chocolates for my wife! The location is convenient near Downtown and Old Montreal. Walkable to other areas (like Mile End), but you have to enjoy walking for those places. Convenient to the metro if you don't love a 45 minute walk. Rooms are a cozy size, like a typical European hotel. I'd stay again.
4	We enjoyed our weekday stay at this hotel in downtown Montreal. The location is fabulous--walking distance to the train station if you don't have too much luggage. The rooms have a clean, modern feel and are on the small side. We were upgraded to a suite (fun!) and even that was a bit small. The bed was comfortable and I quite enjoyed the plush pillows. I liked that the windows had both a shade and curtains so that we could better control the light in the room. Speaking of light--what fun light fixtures! We thought they were pretty nifty. The TV was wall mounted and had a swivel mount so we could turn it to watch from the bed, which was quite nice. There was a small kitchenette with a fridge, coffee pot, sink, and microwave that all tucked into cabinets--made everything look sleek. The lighting around the kitchenette was not the best, but still manageable. There's no real parking nearby, so it's great for people using transit during their stay but not if you'll be bringing a car. In terms of food, there didn't seem to be a kitchen in the hotel and the breakfast was just muffins. The line was quite long when we went down, so we didn't do a taste test. There is a nice sized convenience store attached to the hotel--didn't even have to go outside! The shop had a good selection and the guy was great, even a bit funny :) Staff at the hotel were polite, bilingual, helpful, and very friendly. They were able to answer any question we had with ease.
4	Lovely hotel, I love the modern look inside their rooms. It reminds me somewhat of the W Hotel but with less cost which is a big plus for me. Its clean, the rooms are decent in size, perfect for a couple. Unfortunately, this hotel does not have a room with double beds. It was fairly central, literally right across the street from Chinatown. Probably one of the hotels that I will visit more then once when going to Montreal.
4	Location, location, location! Situated in somewhat the red light district of Montreal and across Chinatown, the hotel is within walking distance to Notre Dame Basilica which is in Old Montreal as well as two metro stations. I think we scored big on this one. We drove up from NY so a car was in tow. It could be a pain driving around the city due to parking accessibility, plus, their public transit is way too good to pass up on. What to do with our car? Lucky enough, they have valet/overnight parking available with in and out privileges for about $25. Due to the parking lot being offsite, the downside is that you need to give the valet at least half an hour notice if you need your car. Forget about spontaneous trips! Again, public transportation is the way to go. Leave your car, use the metro, and walk!The hotel is very modern and chic. It's small so it's more like a boutique. With that said, rooms are not massive at all but comfortable enough for a good night's rest.  Bed is super comfy with fluffy pillows and duvet blanket. There's extra blanket in the closet if you need one. I love that the glass window was big and brought so much sunshine in the room if you left the curtains open. We had a beautiful view of Chinatown and an open lot covered in snow. It was a pretty sight to wake up to! No safe in the room but it comes with a small kitchenette consisting of a microwave, plates/utensils, and coffeemaker all neatly tucked away in cupboards. TV and iPod dock is available, as well as lots of drawers in the room. I especially love the long bench at the foot of the bed that opens for storage! The bathroom, well, it's small but has nice lighting. I was stoked to find the basic complimentary toiletries to be from the Philosophy line. Very cool! Towels are freshly stocked daily and although the shower area is a bit narrow, I love the shower head they use and the fact that there's a mirror inside the shower. I don't know about you but that's really helpful when rinsing off completely. Ok, too much info!Muffins and coffee are available for free until 10am in the lobby. Haven't tried them so can't say if they're any good. There's just too many good places to eat in the city. Meanwhile, the front desk crew are bilingual and helpful but not all of them are very informative. Good thing the hotel has free WIFI! That helped us figure things out on our own.  Would I come back? If I ever plan a trip to Montreal again, I definitely will. Location is key!
5	excellent! Great location (downtown)! A lot of cheap eats around eg. Dumplings? :) or Chinese dimsum ? The hotel is SO modern . It has a gym and a business center! It also has a restaurant that opens at 7
4	Stayed in the POP room. It was pretty nice and modern. Everything was up to date, nice comfortable bed and very clean modern bathroom. No tub , just a stand up shower without a door but there is some coverage with a tile wall. Stayed here with my husband and there was plenty of space. I love that 1 wall had a huge mirror so no fighting over the mirror!! All the decor is close to the floor and small which i guess helps the room look bigger which is a plus. There was a table for two, a mini fridge, microwave and coffee maker. I would definitely stay here again. It's in a decent location. 15 minute walk to the greyhound station on BERRI. It's also easy to find a cab outside or ask the front desk to call you one. I didn't see anything seedy in the neighborhood like i read in other reviews. I didn't see any adult stores or clubs anywhere. China town is across the street. Subway station is 10 minute walk away. The hotel is pretty impressive looking as it is quite trendy the minute you walk in through the doors. There's also a restaurant inside the hotel in which we ate in and my dish of fish and salad was good but my husbands pasta was pretty mediocre. I believe the restaurant delivers to your room.OH AND ABOUT THE GYM! I'm so glad i didn't wait to get to the hotel to work out because its BARELY A GYM! They DO NOT have free weights AT ALL. They have 1 small treadmill, 1 elliptical, 1 bicycle and 1 bow flex looking thing. THAT IS IT! IT's a tiny room and there's barely any floor space for two people to stretch on the floor. SO, if you need a lot of equipment then this isn't the hotel for you. And as for the staff they were nice and attentive. SO GO! For a trendy, modern hotel that lacks gym facilities BUT doesn't burn a hole in your wallet. ***FREE WIFI IN EACH ROOM*****
2	This hotel is what I like to call low-brow high-brow. What that means is that it's trying to be/act high-brow (Caesarstone counters, white down comforters with no duvet covers (??), fridge and microwave in room (this was the Loft room), nice big windows and engineered wood floors, Philosophy-brand little products)...but really it's low brow, for the following reasons:--It has an "eco" note to leave towels on floor that need to be washed but it's not eco at all. It expects that you take room service with sheet and towel changing every SINGLE day, when it is not necessary. In other hotels I've stayed in, there is a door hanger like the Do Not Disturb that enables you to refuse room service (to save your sheets and towels to conserve water, electricity, and gas) or a notepad where you can indicate this. Here, no. In fact, we got printed notes on our door (wasted time and paper) to let us know that they couldn't clean (because the only option they left us was the Do Not Disturb sign). And then we got a call. Not only is this NOT eco; it's annoying.--The concierges are terrible for knowledge, advice, service, etc. One example is when we were locked out of our room at 2 a.m. because of an electronic failure with the door key. Really?! Really! Our concierge had to try like 100 keys to open our room with a key and then only use that key to get us in and out until the electronic box was reprogrammed. And no apologies or freebies for that. Another reviewer mentions getting late checkout for free just for asking; all we asked was for was being able to leave our packed suitcases in the room so I could change into pants later in privacy and to leave water in our fridge so it would be cold. We were told this would be $50, even though we'd have been out at 2:30 and there was plenty of time to clean the room. Every single concierge I needed assistance and advice from steered me wrong, particularly on food.--TERRIBLE food! Insultingly bad continental "free" breakfast--bad coffee, horrible pastries, yogurt. Nothing but sugar and carbs and nothing resembling decent French baked goods. We couldn't stomach it, so we were thankful we could buy less sugary yogurt, etc. and use our fridge.--TERRIBLE neighborhood. Got harassed by the same street addicts daily, and we watched many drug deals from our room window.--When we pulled down the shades (on roller chains) they rolled right off!--NOISE NOISE NOISE. No insulation, traveling sound so much it sounds like people are IN your room with you. Could hear running water/urine sounds from next door. So there you go. Totes low-brow place that attempts to mask this with some "high-brow"-associated features.I'd be hard-pressed to want to stay here again.
4	I was really impressed with this hotel. I wasn't sure I'd be happy here because it has been described as being small and 'boutique' which can be code for other things, but it was great.  I stayed in the Hip room, which had an extremely comfy bed, a ton of storage, a kitchenette (complete with cutlery, dishes, a sink, coffee/tea maker, empty mini fridge and microwave), a small table with two chairs, lots of lighting via lamps, and a very clean bathroom with a shower.  The toiletries are from Philosophy which was a nice a surprise because their products are really gentle on most skin types, and  even though I hadn't finished all of mine each day, my products were restocked daily as if everyday was my first. Also there is free, fast wifi in each room. I didn't give this hotel 5 stars for a few reasons, but I'd still recommend staying here if you can over look some things: - the first round of room service is very early (9am)! I'm sorry but when I'm on vaca.....I find it hard to appreciate the sound of vacuums and door knocking that early. Be sure to put out your do not disturb sign if you're not up for the morning round. A second round will come back a few hours later. - no soundproof windows. Thankfully I was tired enough each night to fall asleep, but at times it was a challenge trying to sleep after 12:30pm because the street noise pours into the room....and I was on the 8th floor. The neighbourhood is live...what can I say.- no in-hotel room service. Their website should remove the pics they have of a tray of food resting on a bed because unless you prep that stuff yourself, its not gonna happen. On the plus side, the hotel resto (ptghotel1) is attached to the building and guests get free continental breakfast each morning when you visit.
4	Great hotel with great service. My bf and I took a trip to Montreal this past weekend and we wanted to find a nice hotel in the center of town that didn't cost an arm and a leg. This hotel popped up when my bf searched for new, up and coming hotels in the area. Located right across the street from the entrance to Chinatown, this hotel sits on the border of the red light district. This could be a turn off for some but as long as you're not stupid, nothing bad is going to happen, even if you're walking fairly late at night (just remember to walk with friends or other people you know). I definitely wouldn't consider this a shady part of town even though it is the red light district. It's only a 2 min walk to Le Quartier des Spectacles, too (which, in case you don't know, is the area of Montreal that hosts most of the city's big events and festivals). This hotel is also only half a mile to Old Montreal, and a walkable distance to most everywhere else. My bf and I only took the metro once and only because it started pouring.But enough about the location. The hotel itself is lovely. The decor is modern and hip, with a bit of pseudo-industrial-ness thrown in there (painted concrete ceilings and giant decorative pipes). I personally loved the look of the lobby. There were velvet rope hooks hanging from the ceiling and lining one of the walls to look like a curtain. On the coffee table, there's a large oversized spoon with some decorative apples in it, like a fruit bowl. They have a nice lounge area on one side and a restaurant/breakfast area on the other. The rest of the hotel is equally fun and quirky.Our room was on the 3rd floor and facing one of the smaller side streets cause I didn't ask for any special room location when I booked the hotel (We were trying to save money more than anything and this room was the best deal: $320, tax included, for 2 nights, 2 people). The room was lovely, despite not being a corner room or on a higher floor. The view outside the window wasn't anything amazing but I did appreciate the large tree that stood right outside, blocking some of the early morning sun and just distracting you from the grungier red-light district that we could see a bit of from our window. The room was small but they were very economical about the space, with a ton of drawer/cabinet space, one nestled inside another. The trashcans were stowed away in a cupboard next to the fridge cupboard. There was a small TV the room, a desk, two chairs, and a large fairly comfy queen-sized bed. There was also a coffee maker, coffee bags, a full set of utensils, cups, wine-glasses, etc. The bathroom was interesting. The shower is a walk in shower with no door to close it off from the rest of the bathroom but the gap is small enough that you can stand further inside the shower so it doesn't matter. It also prevents the shower from getting overly steamy since there are no gaps elsewhere for the water vapor to escape. Otherwise, it was a very normal looking bathroom and clean. The floor of the room was half carpet, half hardwood. Everything was very nice and clean. Also, there were an insane amount of mirrors in the room. A large floor-length one on the wall next to the windows, another large floor-length in the bathroom on the shower wall, one inside the shower, and another over the sink in the bathroom. It does open up the space a little but it's also kind of strange.The service was great. Very friendly and helpful when we checked in/out, prompt and reliable valet service, and good housekeeping. The wifi is also super easy to connect to; It's simply your room number and there is no password. There's a separate wifi server for each room. I don't know if this changes the speed of the wifi but we had a great connection speed.If I had to nitpick and point out one thing that I didn't like much it would have to be the lighting. There was a ceiling lamp hanging over the table in the room and a bathroom light but that was about it. Otherwise, the room was fairly dim. But, like I said, that's just being nitpicky. It's part of the pseudo-grungy, hip, modern look of the hotel and purely a matter of personal preference.Also, for those complaining of noise level in the rooms closer to street-level, I can say for certain that being on the third floor didn't bother our sleep at all. If you've lived near or in a city before and are used to the occasional rumblings of cars and maybe one or two ambulance sirens, you'll sleep very very well. If not, get a room that's higher up.Service: 4/5 -- superb, friendly and attentive, prompt; the valet service took exactly 30 min to get the car (like they predicted) Location: 4/5 -- fantastic, close to everything; only possible turn-off is being right next to the red light districtAtmosphere: 4/5 -- modern, chic, clean, pseudo-industrialPrice: 4/5 --  very well-priced for a center-of-town, clean and modern hotelOverall: 4/5 -- great!
4	Location: 4 StarManagement: 5 StarAndrea (Rooms Division Manager) was very helpful and professional.
4	Loved this fun hotel!  We stayed one night only but it was a great experience.  Industrial feel, comfy bed, great shower.  Perfect location!  Thanks for a great stay after a long flight from England.
3	Cleanliness: 5 starsDecor: 2 stars (very weird light impossible to find to look into my suitcase because rooms are so dark -bring a flash light- I had to roll the shades manually because they were broken.Food: I didn't eat anything here.Location: it's walking distance to a lot of places. But be aware that also very close to crack heads and at night you may see prostitutes and pimps also I just saw a 50 year old lady peeing outside the hotel. I live in NY and didn't feel safe walking here at night.
2	Beautiful Bad neighborhoodNo continental breakfastVery unhelpful staffWiFi in the 11th floor only works with the floor below us.No coffee have to pay for the coffee in lobby. Clean room but stains on the bed sheets. Don't stay here.
4	This hotel is in a great, central location in Montreal. Close to Chinatown and old town, too. It's a super chic and modern hotel. The lobby is incredible with the faux fire place, long couches, and ample areas to lounge. The glass wall leads into the dining room of the hotel restaurant. Super strong and free wi-fi in the lobby areas and in all hotel rooms, which is so key to tourists and yelpers alike :-)Rooms are clean and super spacious. Ample closet space, coffee/tea maker, and even a refrigerator (but not mini ref here with expensive drinks and snacks).  The flat screen tv can be adjusted/tilted for your viewing pleasure. The bathroom is fully stocked with the 'Philosophy' brand products (shampoo, conditioner, shower gel, and location)Staff was friendly and helpful. We had lots of questions regarding how to get in and around the city, and provided us tourists with useful information.Great Montreal hotel and decent prices in an awesome area. I'd definitely recommend this hotel and would stay here again in a heartbeat.Oui Oui!
5	Awesome hotel. Super modern, very friendly bilingual staff, nice location. The parking situation in the city is not the best of course, but for just a few dollars more than public parking. They will valet park your car- totally worth it. Oh, and good, speedy free wifi. We probably won't visit Montreal again, but if we did, we would go back to this hotel. Great experience!
