5	I'm learning to appreciate strip mall restaurants.The Original Gyro is located in a strip mall in the S Hills, and my Dad freaking LOVES this place.  Its a quick drive and he loves gyros.  The man always wants a gyro. Example 1:  It is 10:30 am, and I open the fridge because I am about to go grocery shopping and want to assess what we have and what groceries i need to get.  Upon hearing the fridge door open, my Dad comes in the kitchen and says, "Are you hungry?  We could go get gyros.  THe place opens soon."  THE PLACE.Example 2:  My dad picks me up after work at the grove t stop.   He asks, "What did you have for lunch today?"  Me:  "Not much, I brought a banana..."  Dad:  "Oh, you must be hungry!"  Does an immediate turn into the Original Gyro's parking lot.  "We should get gyros!"Example 3:  Me: "I can make vegetarian hamburgers for dinner..."  Dad:  silence, but takes car keys and leaves house.  Returns 20 min later with...gyros.The gyros are pretty good.  Gyros are always pretty good!  Here's what isn't good:  gyro's are 15 Weight Watchers points.  I'm just putting that out there.  Maybe I mention this bc in the two weeks I have stayed with my Dad I've had like, five gyros.  I think I owe WW points right now.  Anyway, that's got nothing to do with the restaurant but I feel its a good warning bc these gyros are good.Someone finally figured out how to make a gyro that:1) is not greasy!  woo hoo!2)  Is not all lettuce, so when you bite into it, all the vegetables don't fall into the lap3) They don't dip the entire pita into tzatki sauce.  They use just the right amount!4)  The feta cheese is $2.00 extra, but brother you get feta!  Huge chunks of fresh feta, not crumbledAdded plus:  the one guy there looks and sounds like a wrestler from the 80s, and thats awesome.I've only had the gyros, and the baklava.  The baklava is excellent.The prices are reasonable.The only concern I have is that this place is never crowded.  My father will be heartbroken if it goes out of business, but I suspect he may be at least 60% of their revenue.  If you live in the S Hills, try this place out!  Maybe you take the T home from work and get off at Memorial Hall (the Grove) -- Original Gyros is very close.  Take some gyros home for dinner!
4	Wow! Don't judge a book by it's cover! Although Original Gyro looks like a hole in the wall that would serve poor quality cheap food, I assure you it is quite the opposite. Per hubby's request, we stopped at the OG on our way home the other night for some quick take out.  For $8 each we got a meal with our choice of protein, pita and two sides. I chose the chicken with fries and a salad while hubs got the pork kabob (forget the official name) with rice and a salad. We watched as the cook cut the potatoes and cook my fries on the spot! Delic! My only criticism is that they were is desperate need of salt. The salad was huge with large chunks of cucumbers, tomatoes, olives and feta. The vinegarette was tasty but a bit sweet for my liking. My chicken was spot on. So much so that my husband quickly gobbled down my leftovers before I could save them for tomorrow's lunch. All in all, good food, great quality and huge portions. I'm a fan!
4	I've found my go to Gyro joint!! As a longtime, (now former Tom's Diner) gyro eater, I appreciate the simple, and satisfying experience of Original Gyro. My daughter, is usually my eating out side kick, and if we're in the Castle Shannon area, it's rare to pass up a stop for her plain (meat & sauce) gyro. We've been in enough times, that our orders are in progress when we walk in. I've thought of trying something different, but why mess with the streak?The Gyro special is the big hit , for $5.75+tax, you get a gyro, fresh cut fries, and an ice tea. This is my kind of 'fast food', not dried slabs of bark like gyro meat that turned me off from gyros at other places. Walk up to the counter, watch your pita warm up on the grill, watch the moist, tasty meat fall onto the pita, and catch yourself drooling as the order is bagged up, (because I take it to go). If you know what you're looking for, it's all you need to know.
5	Best gyro and fries in the South Hills! The price is incredible for the portion size and the fresh potato fries. This place is a gem in Castle Shannon.
4	Not the best I've had but definitely not the worst. Plus, the cashier made a mistake taking our order and the owner (I assume) rectified the situation in a great way, so a+ customer service.
