4	3.5 stars, this is one of the rare occasions I decided to round up instead of down.After having a couple of Papusas at restaurant #3 on Central during the art walk I had been meaning to get back and try some more stuff.  So today I finally decide I am willing to make the drive over from Glendale and check the website and realize this location is really much closer.  I gave up the opportunity to try the buffet, which is only at the #3 location, for the convenience of the shorter drive.This location is at the end of a strip mall in a part of town where English is not necessarily spoken or understood.  I walk in to the well lit and brightly painted restaurant and am greeted by the waitress, bus person, cashier.  It goes like this;her:HolaMe: Hiher: Habla Espanol o Ingles?me: I don't speak Spanishher: (look of horror in her eyes as she realizes we will not communicate well) Are you taking out or eating here? (In Spanish)me: (the only word I understood was aqui) I am eating here and points to row of tables.her: Waves me to toward a row of tables, obviously inviting me to pick one.She brings me a menu and points out the Papusas and I point to one of the entrees, not having read the descriptions, on the menu and ask of those things with the entrees are also Papusas and she informs me they are tortillas.I ordered onion chicken ($9.95)and a medium Horchata ($1.75).  In El Salvador Horchata is made from Morro seed rather than rice which gives it a different flavor than the more common version found in Mexican places.  Let me assure you it is still a tasty drink.  I thought the chicken breast was a bit tough but it was quite tasty.  The meal comes with rice, beans and tortillas all of which are different than their Mexican counterparts.  The tortillas are the same biscuity type used to make Papusas and are really great at sopping up the juices from the onions and sauce.I left full and happy.  I never heard a word of English spoken in the building but it did not provide any barriers to ordering/eating.  We each understood just enough of each others language to communicate.  When I went to pay the bill there was a manager in the door way to the kitchen and it was my guess she was bi-lingual and could have translated.  There was a steady usage of about 4-5 tables the whole time.  While Salvadoran food is not real common in the states it certainly rates an additional choice to add to the list of ethnic restaurant options.  And it is affordable.  There were several items on the menu without meat.  If you are gong to use an online menu the PDF version is much more accurate as to description but you will want to print it out as it is sideways on the monitor.
5	So me and my family were in dire need some delicious pupusas, so we headed over to our favorite spot with the BEST pupusas in town.I adore the pupusas at this restaurant. They are so thick and full of flavor, you can tell an authentic experienced Salvadorean is making them! The salsa and curtido that is served here is also amazing. Each pupusa is only about $2.10, and two will get you beyond full :) Just thinking about these pupusas is making my mouth water..I also like how this restaurant is specialized in only Salvadorean food, it gives it that authentic Central American taste, not the mixed "Mexican/Salvadorean" taste because the foods are very different. The venue is low key and cute, the wall murals are adorable. I am not really a fan of most of the things on the menu, I am too hooked on the pupusas! The "chicharon con queso" ones are my favorite since I was a little kid. Yum, go pupusas! :)
4	Very happy to have found this place - similar ingredients to Mexican food but refreshingly different flavors. Went for dinner there last night for the first time. I ordered the beef stew but got the carne asada plate instead. I'm not complaining - it was awesome. Not the greatest cut of meat, but the flavor more than made up for it. The meat was cooked with green onions which gave it really nice onion-y flavor that was good but not overpowering. Boyfriend got the onion chicken, which had chicken breast sauteed with sweet or yellow onions and green peppers in sauce. Yum! I don't usually like green peppers, but these were really well cooked, soft and absorbed the taste of the onion sauce. Most of the dinner plates come with black refried beans and either white rice or rice cooked with black beans.  Also comes with homemade corn tortillas that are awesome, probably could eat these things every day. Unlike typical tortillas that you get at Mexican places around here, these are really thick and actually taste like they're made from real corn (imagine that!). Some things to know about this place - maps not quite accurate, if you're on 75th ave you won't see this place. Its actually on Thomas in the plaza with the Ross. Also, it helps if you speak a little bit of Spanish, our server new a bit of english so with that and lots of finger pointing we did ok. Definitely coming back to this place!
4	Pupusa addict back... I've visited this location a few times since my last review and had a few things to say...They are starting to take a while to serve people. The past two times i have went we waited quite a bit for our food, yes we are glad business is booming, how about hiring more people please? Thank you :)
4	Really happy we discovered this restaurant! They do serve alcohol, but not until 5pm on Sundays. My boyfriend settled on the Famosa beer because they were out of the pilsner. He was happy with the substitution. A different server was sent to our table because she was the best English speaker and she was fairly helpful. There was a slight miscommunication about our order, but I think that was due to her being distracted and not a language barrier. I was shocked to see "ask about our vegetarian and vegan options" stated right on the menu! Upon asking our server about said items she seemed a bit confused but recommended the platter. It is mostly vegetarian to begin with and we got the small amount of meat that did come on the plate on the side. We also ordered the ceviche platter. The ceviche platter apparently won "Phoenix's top 50 dishes" a couple of years ago. My boyfriend got a side of meat pies.Food Breakdown:Ceviche Platter: Absolutely delicious! With avacado, large grilled shrimp and small shrimp, lettuce, tomato, onion, and plenty of citrus juice. Mmmm!Platter: Fried yucca, 2 papusa (one with meat and cheese and one with just beans), a meat pie and a potato pie, a coleslaw-esque side dish, a tamale, a small serving of pork, fresh plantain chips, and a dessert made of rice flour. Quite good and one of the few veggie friendly items on the menu. Meat pies: I hear were very good. Note: they also have fresh fruit juice drinks which they make to order. I ordered the turmeric drink and it was SO GOOD! It had bits of fruit and seeds at the bottom. It was not too sweet and very refreshing :)
5	I love their Papusas if you are looking for a great place for them try the Salvadoreno Restaurant they are awesome!!!
4	Great pupusas!
1	it is ok. it is pretty much the only place around here where you can have pupusas. my biggest complain is that i went to their website and try to use their coupons but when i called to verify my order, they told me that the prices changed... how about change your website with the new higher prices and stop the false advertisement .
4	I work down the street from this location and I'm glad I do! They have a good selection of pupusas and all of the ones I have tasted haven't let me down.  My favorites are the chicharon and queso as well as the shrimp pupusa.  They are served with some tasty black beans and some rice.  Both of these are very different from what you get in a Mexican restaurant.  To drink I ordered horchata, which I guess in El Salvador is different from Mexico.  It has a slightly nuttier flavor but it's still very good and refreshing.  Next time we go back, we will try one of their entrees (with a couple pupusas on the side) and see what else this Salvadorean cuisine has to offer! If it's anything like the pupusas, I am sure to be satisfied!
4	great food for great prices!! the service was quick and very nice!!
5	Their pupusas are terrific!  Heck, multiple children even liked their kids menu a lot and you can't beat that.  Their chips are thick, fresh and as tasty as can be.
1	First walking in I was hesitate . It looks really dirty and in poor condition . The service was horrible . We were seated and took about 20 minutes for someone to come and take our order . People who came in after us had their order taken before us. When we arrived there was about five tables that still had dirty plates on them . When we left they were still there. They had probably been like that for an hour . The food was good but the sides are portioned very poorly . I really don't recommend this place. Go someone where else . The Service sucks!!!!!
5	Love love this place. 5 star rating is for the delicious, fresh pupusas! Service is usually just fine (we've never had a bad experience being served promptly).
4	I love their popusas! They are just a bit on the expensive side $2.30 each. Their Chicken Salad is also very good.
5	Popusas de chicharon con queso (pork and cheese) are the best! Ohh and the salad they give you on the side is also some of the best I've had. All of the popusas are made to order so it might take bit eat a little snack if your really hungry. They're hand made. The best thing is that you can see them making them if you stand by the cash register. They are always very nice it almost feels like your family here. Being Mexican we don't really make popusas so at first I didn't know what I was ordering they will definitely help you out. Enjoy
1	I visited today, worst service.  while I used restroom, kitchen employee came in, used restroom then walks out.  she DID NOT WASH HANDS.  I ordered to eat in, and to go.  food to go was brought to me 15 minutes before my food to eat in came out. my food had a hair, waitress tried to take it off with fingers.  who does thisi tried to complain to owner, but she doesn't care, her attitude was you can go elsewherenext time I can go across the street in the mall's food court theres el Salvador restaurant, food much better anyway.
5	I've eaten at 3 out of the 4 locations around the valley and I think this location might be the best. Maybe because it's bigger and is so busy who knows but I love their beans...and their rice..I forget what the proper name is of the white rice with the bean sauce in it..that is my favorite I could eat a bowl of just that!I also REALLY enjoy their soups and carne asada. This place is known for their authentic pupusas and while I personally am not a fan, everyone I've been with LOVES them.  I'm just not a fan of corn tortillas/masa which is why I'm not a pupusa fan..but I love the fillings..especially the traditional one with the pork, beans and cheese. Honestly the only thing I would change about this place is adding flour tortillas to the menu. How very Americanized of me but I can't help it lol.Try this place...you won't be disappointed!  Mmmm now I'm craving soup!
3	Salvadoreno # 2 is a very plain, very simple restaurant without much in the way of decoration and could easily pass for a laundromat with its flourescent lights, high ceiling and tiled floors were it not for the food being shuffled back and forth.  What the place lacks in atmosphere, however, it makes up for in its food.To be sure, Latin American cuisine --- for the most part --- shares the same distinction as Mexican food --- for the most part --- in that its very heavy on fried foods, carbohydrates and fat.  So, if you're a diabetic and/or have cholesterol issues, this is isn't somewhere you'd want to visit on a regular basis.  For a people, who worked hard in the fields and who needed an inexpensive way to fill their bellies, this kind of food did it.  Unfortunately, that doesn't carry over well into a prosperous and mainly sedentary society.If you haven't tried Salvadoran food before, do not assume it's just another offshoot of Mexican; it isn't.  You will, of course, find some similarities, but there is much more of a concentration on yucca roots and potato than in most forms of Mexican food (with maybe the exception of food in the Yucatan).The pupusas are the obvious star of this place; they remind me of a cross between a knish, a potato pancake and a tortilla (stuffed).  Quite tasty, though, again, greasy and more carbs than you can shake a potato at.  I have no doubt believing there's a fan club of sorts for pupusas.  They're cheap; filling and delicious.  If you're looking to get away from fried foods, they do have grilled chicken and fish plates that aren't fried, but there's a reason why they're a lot less popular than other items on the menu cooked in ways the average, fat American shouldn't be eating.And, as hinted at in other reviews of this place and others like it, if you don't speak Spanish, you may have some "challenges".  That should not dissuade you from visiting, though.  I like those challenges, because I'm studying Spanish.  If you aren't, you can always point to things on the menu, which are described in both Spanish and English.The homemade flan is quite good, by the way, and not at all "slimy" like most flans you find out there ("creamy" would be more accurate).  You'll see signs on the walls that state, "Prueba nuestro nuevo flan casero!" (try our new, homemade flan!) and you should.
3	The pupusas are my favorite! The only reason I keep coming back is the food and definitely not the service. Today we arrived at the end of the church/lunch rush and found seating by the door. We were greeted promptly and that was the end of hospitality. Our server took orders and 10 min later my son's food arrived (chili relleno which he devoured) and then another 10 minutes later the rest of us were served. My Mother's order was wrong and server never came back by. Empty drinks and in need to to go box we flagged down someone for the check. I love the food there and have been eating there for several years. Don't go if service is important to you
5	Very good food with authentic pupusas  great quality menu I'll say that's is very complete place to enjoy what is salavadorian recipes
4	This place is great. The papusas are fantastic and so are the banana leaf tamales. We had the sampler platter once to try some different things and everything was great. Service can be a tad slow so don't be in a hurry and your patience will be rewarded. Different flavors from Central America. Yay!
