4	This place isn't trying to be hippie or hipster.  The place is clean.  Almost too clean, but despite that I like the place.  Their coffee is way better than anything Starbucks could aspire to but my preference is their selection of teas.  Strong, hot, loose and full of energy and flavor.I can't say anything spectacular about their sandwiches. I've only had a breakfast sandwich there once and I was not impressed.  The muffins are good but my favorite would be the Eclairs.  Though they used to replace them every day and I'm not sure that's still the case.It's not the best coffee I've ever had.  It's not a particularly unique coffee experience, but it's still a decent cuppa at a somewhat reasonable price and best of all it's not Starbucks.
1	The worst coffee in the City of Tempe.  The full name of this place is "Cupz: The Coffee Experience;" are they kidding?  Whatever the heck that is supposed to mean, and whatever the coffee experience is supposed to be, this place is not it.  The coffee is watered down and the "z" in the name does not make this place urban or hip, it just makes it a lame attempt to be in tune with a younger generation.
2	"One Sorority Special!"  This is what the lanky barista announced as he handed me my sugar-free vanilla latte.  His humor was, without a doubt, the best part of the Cupz experience.  The espresso ranges anywhere from average to mud, but I've never had what I would call a good drink here.  This is all the more annoying when you remember that Cupz is generally a bit *more* expensive than Starbucks.This place remains in business for one reason:  ASU is huge and people get sick of waiting in line at Starbucks.
1	The only reason to go here is that it is close to ASU Tempe campus. I'd like to support a local company but the espresso here is always bitter and the coffee is quite watery. I have had to return several drinks and wanted to return others several other times. The prices are also slightly higher than others in the area. I am sure their business model is to supply employees at Fulton Center with their coffee and to sell flavored lattes that mask the taste of their coffee to ASU students on the way to class. What they have going is that the "baristas" are quite friendly,  and the place is kept clean, although one stray cockroach came in once and was chilling on one of the chairs. (I was told that it's never happened before--that might be true but the population of roaches outdoors in that area is quite high, if you've ever walked around at night)I'd love to support a local coffee shop but there are so many better ones in Tempe that I'd rather go to like Cartel Coffee lab or 3 Roots that actually care about the quality of their coffee. If you are near campus and you need coffee, you are better off going to Charlie's in Hayden library, or even Starbucks at the Memorial Union. This is not a place for coffee-lovers.
3	I try to buy local, like for real local. Not just a shop in my neighborhood, but something owned and operated by local folks. I don't always succeed, but it is always in consideration when I choose to put my money on the counter. As far as I know, this is a locally owned and operated coffee shop, and it is the closest alternative to Starbucks from my office. It has become a daily routine for me, though at first I was hesitant. The espresso has been inconsistent in the past and the prices seem just a little out of reach for my daily eats.But lately, I'm glad I persevered through ranging drink quality. I'm a fan of the people. They have a great breakfast sandwich and they work with my dairy free requests. They are also the only place within walking distance that carry a vegan/dairy free cookie. The morning crew is personable and warm. Lot's of energy and they have a good time. It is a good place to stop in the morning and start my day.  I think that is the best part of supporting local, getting to know the people in your neighborhood. Go in. Say "Hi" to Vinny. Try to guess the movie trivia.
4	Cup   Z, as I like to call it, is one of the better places near campus to grab some coffee. Vinny is always entertaining to chat with when I'm still waking up, and I love that they have trivia up every day that gives you a chance to win free breakfast (which I have...a few times). My favorite drink is an iced vanilla coffee with COFFEE ICE CUBES! its brilliant! the coffee doesn't get watered down and tastes consistent through the entire cup. I've had their ciders, lattes, and mocha drinks, and have never felt they tasted bad, if they did, I'm sure the staff would re-make them...Now they have Gelato, which is also delicious and made locally, fresh everyday. It is also dangerous since I work within walking distance of this place. :)Overall, the staff is very friendly and the atmosphere is mellow. I've gone in a few times with my laptop and some reading material and never felt uncomfortable. I dig that they always try to remember their customers and treat them the way you should treat customers you want to return - which is one of the reasons I do, and often.
3	A really decent option but unluckily to off the road and their closing times are not in my weird schedule. Their coffee tastes good and they have good suggestions.
5	The gals here are always smiling and upbeat! Coffee and Tea selections are nice, my personal favorite is the iced jasmine blackberry. Amazing bagels, and the Tomato Basil soup was really awesome!
4	I love it! Friendly people and great coffee. I would recommend Cupz to anyone on campus.
3	It's nothing special but offers a great alternative to the evil, corporate behemoth of Starbucks in Memorial Union.There are plenty of little tables in the back to sit and enjoy your coffee, and I've had the cinnamon rolls and bran muffins.  Both definitely great with an iced latte in the summertime.
1	Friendly people, reasonable prices, but I prefer to have my morning latte WITHOUT drowned cockroaches, thanks. This happened to my coworker this week. She got halfway through her morning coffee when she noticed a dead cockroach floating to the surface. She immediately took it back to the store, where they thought the incident was FUNNY, and the only thing they offered her was 2 coupons.They did not even APOLOGIZE or state anything like "this has never happened before!" or "We are shocked!" or "We are going to clean and double check everything right away". I love supporting independent coffee houses, but with a situation like this being handled with such a flippant attitude, I will be going to the nearest Starbucks instead of Cupz from now on.
1	There coffee is indeed good.  Don't count on using their wi-fi though... it sucks.  When it is working, rarely it is completely unusable.  Here's a thought, invest $30 dollars in your business and get a half-decent wi-fi router with 802.11N support.  C'mon!
1	***** This is the worst coffee shop I have experienced by far!!!My Best buddy Mr. S who is probably reading this review (Hola Shashi!!) :) suggested this place since one of his buddies was raving about how good this place was, WRONG!!      The service is unfriendly and super slow. I ordered a simple 16oz Iced, Non-fat Caramel Macchiato and they instead made it with whole milk and denied It was whole. I was like SERIOUSLY this undeniably is Whole milk, the color, consistency and flavor was screaming out, "Yes I'm whole milk!!" :(
3	The barista was very friendly and did a great job of making me feel welcome, but the coffee wasn't anything to write home about. Judging by the atmosphere and what I taxed in the drink, the brew isn't their main focus. It appears that the main mission of the establishment is to provide students with another shop to hang out at while doing work, with drinks and food items available for purchase.  There wasn't anything signature or standout to me during my visit, so it's difficult to say what separates this place from the other cafes.
1	Giving them 1 star is already giving alot. LET me start by saying some of the workers there have attitude. I asked a lady if i could have a peach strawberry smoothie and she rolled her eyes at me! You're not Bon Qui Qui. Don't treat me that way.I let it go and came by another day to get a PLAIN bagel with PLAIN cream cheese...it took them exactly 19 minutes to give me my bagel. I was SUPER late to work..and It was not at all busy, plus the bagel was cold and it sucked. I heard they had salads too, so one day I came for lunch ( it was 3:08). I didn't even ACTUALLY say I wanted a salad yet, but the "lady" bursted out "I saw you looking at our lunch menu.. our kitchen is closed. We close at 4" UM. Is this really a business?? I work at 2 businesses and both treat customers with respect. If a customer comes before 4 you still have to serve them, well REAL businesses would. Narrowing it down:-BAD CUSTOMER SERVICE.-WORKERS HAVE ATTITUDE.-LOW QUALITY FOOD & DRINKS.-INCONVENIENT "LUNCH" HOURS.
4	I go nearly every morning, the staff is super friendly, the dark coffee is the best! Also addicted to their biscotti. They also have decent soup, salads and sandwiches.
4	I really like the drinks here, the chai is legit and they have this Prickly Pear iced tea that is amazing when they have it. Good place to chill out between classes but they shut down pretty early. Fulfills all the requirements of a coffee place.
5	Awesome tea and even better service! Perfect pit stop from the light rail to class
3	I enjoy coming here for the muffins and tea when I'm on this side of campus. The service is always friendly. I also like their salads and hummus. I wasn't too impressed with the sandwich I got, but I only tried once. The coffee is pretty good, but I'm not too picky a The atmosphere is nice when it isn't too crowded.
4	I love that it has wifi (it's own, not ASU's). I'm not often on this side of campus, but when I am, I definitely try to head over there. I love the coffee ice cubes - really cool idea. Haven't tried the food there, but their tea is good and so is their coffee. They've got a lot of different syrup flavors for lattes, and I actually really liked the regular iced coffee I got. I'm not usually a regular coffee drinker (more into espresso drinks), so I was somewhat pleasantly surprised by that. The staff is friendly and helpful. I'll definitely be going back, as I also want to try some of their food now.
2	I've given Cupz a few tries, and then another one when I said I wouldn't go back. They have a nice staff and their food tastes good. However, their drinks are awful. They are supposed to be "the coffee experience" but I could get an equally terrible cup of coffee at a gas station, and pay less. I'm disappointed their coffee is so bad because they are conveniently close to the ASU campus and they have a nice environment. They need to figure out a new method of making drinks.
4	You'll get a cup of coffee and a cookie at a very decent price. They have the nicest staff and I have seen the manager couple of times. They are super friendly and positive. I have even seen Michael Crow buying his coffee from here.Support the local business!
3	Was on ASU main campus and wanted a quick nibble and drink...The line at Einstein was super long so I figured I would make my way to College Ave. I had always seen Cupz but never went in...The line was quick and the guys who were working were very nice...I ordered a hot cinnamon apple cider and a breakfast sandwich... With ham and cheese on a Parmesan Asiago bagel...The cider was okay, I liked it because it was nice and hot, for the chilly morning...The sanny really surprised me because it was good; very flavorful and the bagel was yummy... I'll pop back in again soon to try some coffee
3	I like this place. It's next to the University and it's got cheap food.I usually order the breakfast sandwich (a sausage, egg between a bagel) and a cup of coffee or tea. I try to reuse a cup from an earlier purchase (I've rinsed it out) or bring my own. I usually walk out 3-4 dollars 'poorer'.Ok, the food isn't great and probably has things in it I wouldn't want to know about and the coffee isn't top of the line or aromatic, but the atmosphere is nice. It's laid back, don't expect groveling the people working here are students and they're here between classes and having as much of a life as possible. Again, what I really like about this place is the prices and the fact that when I ask for water, they don't mind giving me ice water, we live in the desert.
2	Staff is really nice, but the problem is that they put ice into their hot coffee and then called it "iced coffee." Sure, the location is convenient, especially for ASU grad students, but Starbucks at the MU is worth the wait in comparison. But, be sure to try their soup...that's the only thing that keeps me going back.
2	It looked just kitschy enough to be an above-average brew, but fell flat on all levels. I ordered an iced soy latte...and, well, I'm not entirely sure they know what a latte is. I was expecting a couple shots of espresso with some soy milk (and okay, a dash of flavored syrup) thrown in. I ended up with a gigantic, tasteless mess. Couldn't decipher whatever flavor it was supposed to be. It was like watered-down coffee thinned out even more by my beloved dairy substitute. This is what happens when you focus on quantity over quality...you get a 20+ oz. cup of very forgettable coffee-flavored water. I'd prefer my caffeine come in more...uh, concentrated packages if it's going to be so disappointing. At least there appears to be a variety of hot sandwiches made-to-order. I'll give them the benefit of the doubt and hope they deliver on that, because this road doesn't seem to favorable to the early birds of Tempe campus. Please practice hard at being good baristas, I don't want to see you lose every customer to the Memorial Union!
4	They make a strong Americano!  Really good choice if you like dark, bitter coffee.  The service is pretty fast, and the staff are polite and friendly.  Only negatives is that there isn't much seating available, so if its crowded and you want to study/work, you're out of luck.   There is some outside seating available, but its not really optimal for the summer!  Great place to grab a coffee and run, make sure to get a punch card since its a very conveniently located to ASU.
2	Coffee was sub-par at best. I asked for 2 Splenda packets in my latte and the cashier refused to put them in my coffee and told me to do it myself. My friend asked for cream cheese with her bagel and when they told her they were out, she asked if they had peanut butter and they told her no and that she would "just have to use butter." Service far below sub-par...
2	Okay, Let me start off by saying that this place is great- When they actually have stuff in stock.  Seriously, I come maybe twice a week and it is always a struggle to see what they still have to offer.  Again today, I came at 10:30 am and they were out of bagels, croissants, orange juice, and no soup.  I ordered a breakfast sandwich that I didn't really want on en english muffin *the only thing except toast that was left, and I sat down to do some work.  Over and Over again, I heard the staff say- Sorry, we are out of it, no we dont have any left, sorry no more left.  This has happened numerous times.  The staff is supper friendly even though the owner doesn't seem to stock his shelves.  The only reason I come back is because they have a really good vanilla chai latte and it's right by my parking structure.  Stock your cafe properly and I will give 4 or 5 stars.Oh, as I sit here and write- one more- "We are out of that today" :(
