3	MASTER CHEF COOKING CLASSESMaster Chef is one of my favorite shows and when I saw that LCB was offering a cooking class I wanted to check it out.I'm already an awesome cook but one can always improve!$99 for a 4 hour class seemed steep but I figured I'd get a lot out of it.I chose the stocks, sauces and soups class. I had fun and I learned a few things but 4hours is TOOO short to really learn how to caramelize bones and other techniques. The Chef told us how to do it, but he had to rush through explaining so many things it was easy to get confused in all the French terms. I t would have been helpful to have had a print out of the terms and translations as well as the instructions. And for $99 I really was expecting more than an apron and a few recipe cards.I wouldn't take another class there.
2	As I finish up my last months of externship, I find myself wondering....why?  Why didn't I shop around a little more?  Don't get me wrong, I do feel as though I learned a great deal here, but the price is quite high and there's a lot going on these days that just rub me the wrong way.  Exhibit A: we used to have a library with real books...now we have an empty room.  We have a cyber library.  Well...what I am to do when this online library real-life crashes and I needs to get my read on?  Exhibit B: we used to have a fairly extensive financial aid department, but they are gone now, just like the books.  Now I get to deal with some Joe shmoe on the net from who knows where.  Exhibit C: no more student services peeps.  Ok, really?  These are probably three of the more important things students need guys!  Also, if you want to be in class with people who are serious about their culinary careers, you might want to look elsewhere...cause there are a lot of kids who have mama and daddy paying for them to dick around...I get it, maybe in the first few classes, but even at the end of school, people are allowed to barely skate by with D's.  I want to be in a learning environment with people who care, too.  Maybe I'm asking too much...but maybe I'm not.  There are some really great chef's here, but the politics and the way the school is run just makes for a lackluster experience.
1	I wasn't very impressed with this class. I took a "holiday appetizer" course, and expected much more. The dishes they showed us were very amateur, and the assistants weren't' very prepared. Those of us who took the course had to search for simple thanks like spatulas and other cooking devices. The whole thing seemed pretty disorganized.
4	AS A CULINARY SCHOOLThere are many positives and negatives to attending this school. I was very impressed with the skill, honesty and passion of instructors while I attended school here. I have been very successful based on what I took away from the program. However, Ive seen many students fall through "the cracks" because they don't speak up, step forward, take initiative and ask questions. I think you have to be strong willed and aggressive to succeed in this field. The same applies while attending school. The school has cut back too much. The tool kit, the library, the restaurant, among other things.. its a huge disappointment. I really enjoyed the former library very much and the restaurant. The extended externship and cut in classes is also sad.On the other hand, I have received many job offers based on this education, and I think the value from the experience was worth every penny, but I applied myself to be extremely successful and it was the one on one experiences with the instructors that made the difference.I highly reccomend attending Le Cordon Bleu if you have the drive and passion to succeed in this industry. They will help you.AS A MASTER CHEF COOKING CLASSSome classes are very good and some are very bad. Its unfortunate that they lack sufficient planning and often use students last minute to help out. I think they do the public a disservice sometimes. Le Cordon Bleu has the opportunity to show their talent and inspiration and sometimes they just fall flat. I think often its just because they don't plan ahead and prepare well for these classes. My experience is they often are scrambling last minute to throw it together. Never a good way to do anything.
2	I just finished up here about 7 weeks ago with an Associates Degree in Pastry & Baking. The experiences I had in the kitchen classrooms were excellent; the academic classrooms were okay... My problem lies with the administration and the financial aid department.I transferred here from LCB Las Vegas in February of 2013. That's where my problems began. First, my credits didn't transfer over because they never received my transcript, which I paid to have sent to them. When that got figured out, I somehow ended up in the class that I had just finished in Las Vegas, due to the incompetence of registar Pauline, which didn't get figured out until the day I was supposed to start at 6am, and it turned out that the class I was supposed to be in didn't start until 10am, so I got to wait around for a few hours.The school has two campuses, one on Camelback and Hayden and one on Camelback and Scottsdale Rd,  something that they didn't bother to tell me until that morning.Once I got settled into class, things went pretty smoothly. Chef Starkey was easily my favorite instructor. He's funny, knowledgeable,  and kind. I also really liked Chef Smoake. He's very talented, although I think it goes to his head sometimes. Chef Vitelli was my second favorite instructor (I had him for my only culinary class there). Even though I was pastry student and he was a culinary instructor, he really liked me and always helped me out.My academic classes were not the best. Myself and many others butted heads with Ms. Xifo, which I had for Math 101 and English Comp. She always had this "I'm better than you" thing about her as she would act pious and walk around with her nose turned up. There were many complaints about her. Dr. Adessa (Humanities) was severely boring and no one really knew what the assignments were supposed to be or how they were supposed to be done. He got sick halfway through my class and we got stuck with Xifo. Dr. Rogers-Backus (Social Psychology, Writing Fundamentals)  was kind and liked to get the class talking, but we spent most of the class going over homework and going off on tangents rather than learning much from the book. Nutrition with Starkey was awesome. Cost Control and purchasing with Chef Songin was tereible. All he did was read directly from the book and quiz us on it; no one did very well.I completed my externship without any hiccups.The biggest issue I have had is with the financial aid department. They mistakenly overcharged me on my last payment by $385. I asked the head financial aid lady, Amy, about it and first she told me that my account would be audited and I would be refunded with a check in 2-3 weeks; I waited a month and nothing came in the mail. I emailed Amy again and she told me that I would be refunded on the debit card they gave me. Low and behold, the card I received from LCBLV did NOT transfer over to LCB Scottsdale, and the latter failed to send me one. Amy told me that my information would be updated and I would be sent a new debit card. 10 days pass, nothing in the mail. I emailed Amy again and didn't hear from her for a couple of days. I called the school after hours and left a message. This morning, I received a call and an email saying that my refund was "non-returnable" and the money had been sent back to the lender, and that my loan was reduced. This wouldn't not have bothered me if not for having to go in circles and bother Amy about it and the fact that I could really use the money right now.All of this and the fact that I have STILL not received my diploma from the school is why I have given Le Cordon Bleu Scottsdale only 2 stars.My suggestion would be to not go here. I think this college was a $50,000 mistake that I wish I could take back. I would have been much better off going to a community college and working in the industry from the start.
1	I went to an open house here that rubbed me the wrong way. The admissions counselors felt like car salesmen who sat all the attendees down at computers after the tour to make you fill out a school application online. I asked why they wanted my social security # at an information session and they said its to begin the process. Then before leaving they asked me to sign my printed application! I refused, crossed out my entire SSN in plain sight on their application and walked out. Be careful, if not because of the commission-style vulture tactics then the lack of information security. I read that the LCB name was bought by a private equity group a few years back and I guess this is the money-focused result.
