2	We bought a 2-hour groupon and unfortunately we received MAYBE about 1-hour's worth of cleaning. The maids where extremely slow in how they worked, I mean, really dragging their feet. They did not do a thorough job -- suffice to say they went AROUND furniture to sweep, so you could see the ring of dust under the couches sort of thing. All they accomplished in 2 hours was: a pretty small L-shaped kitchen (which my fiance and I went through the trouble of organizing and cleaning up the night before), cleaning one 1/2 bath, dusting and "sweeping." Honestly, I could have done all of this by myself in 1 hour. They did NOT touch the bedrooms, master baths or the carpets. And they were packing up their bags with at least 5 minutes left on the clock.The only reason I'm giving this 2 stars instead of 1 is that when I called the service to report this, Sheila (the manager) expressed a great deal of sympathy and seemed just as displeased by the results as I was. However, she never followed back with us to remedy the situation. I suspect Spotless got in over their heads when they signed up for the Groupon deals, and they ended up hiring a lot of unqualified folks. It's too bad, because we were looking for a long-term maid service, but will now be going to Queen Maids who seem to have a better reputation among our friends.
1	I purchased a Living Social/Groupon deal with Spotless for two hours off cleaning, then saved it for a special time, since I almost never have maid service.  We prepped just as they asked, welcomed the one cleaning person, then left to run errands.  When we got back, she was "done."  But done was terrible.  We had agreed her priorities were to vacuum four small rooms, clean the kitchen floor and then put attention on the bathtub/shower.  Not a single room was well vacuumed; I found bits of stuff on all the floors and could pick up dirt and dust just by running my hands over the floor.  Nothing further had been done to the kitchen, so stuff on the floor from days of holiday cooking was still there.  The floor of the bathtub/shower was dirty and there will was buildup on the shower walls.The owner, when I emailed her, called but kept asking strange questions.  Finally she said she would send two people in three days to redo the job.  But I realized that, in fact, we already had done half the cleaning ourselves and would finish up in an hour or so, so I wrote her that her offer would be pointless.  Have heard nothing further.Would NOT hire again!
1	I also bought Living Social deal for two hours.  I had hired cleaning service before but I moved to new house and wanted to try somebody new.  Now, two ladies showed up and told me they will clean for an hour.  (So two people * 1hour = 2 hours, I get it.)  They started cleaning master bedroom and kitchen.  Mind you, I pre-cleaned those area and my kitchen is very small, apartment small.  But they spent an hour and a half each.  I felt so bad thinking my house was that dirty.  So I grabbed two twenty dollar bills to give them for tip.  Then, when they said they were done, I was speechless.  In the bathroom, my hair was still all over on the floor.  Soap scum was still there.  She didn't wipe the rim of the bathtub so dust was still there.  Shower booth was still dirty, wait, come to think of it, I didn't hear the water running at all so I don't think she bothered.  Kitchen was the same situation.  I would be raising hell if I paid $120 regular price for this job.  Actually, I'm pretty mad that I had paid $60 and the only spot they cleaned was master bathroom and kitchen, then even that wasn't really clean.  I have hired several cleaning services since then and settle with a lady who does three houses in our neighborhood, and she does my whole house in three hours top to bottom spotless.
5	I can't say enough good things about Sheila and her work crew.  My home is "spotless" just as their company name claims!  I am a very busy woman who can hardly find time to clean....Spotless LLC came to my rescue when I needed a good cleaning before we had a group of house guests coming in for the weekend for a big party.   It was so nice to have a clean house after a few hours of hard work from the Spotless crew.  I will definitely be using this company again!
5	Love spotless. They cleaned my wife's house before she moved, cleaned my apartment before I moved out, and now clean our house every week. Without them, the (newly wed) wife would have probably left me and my mess by now.Our first cleaner, Karen, wasn't that thorough. She has since left the company, and we now have Debbie and she's off the chain. A+ Very friendly people. Very professional.
