1	I ordered a small All meats Pizza from this place (delivered) that when I opened the box to look at it, I honestly did not know what it was!! I saw slimy looking cheese with "lumps"  of "something"  underneath it!!!. I called the vendor and double checked that he had sent an "All Meats" Pizza. He assured me that it was indeed an "All Meats"  Pizza. I lifted up the cheese on a slice of the pizza and saw "something"  that looked like pepporoni, ham and salami. After looking at the pizza "suspiciously" and walking back and forth, as well as circling it...lol....I decided to try a slice with my cell phone nearby ready to dial 911 for medical assistance!!!...lol. After trying a slice (it was absolutely horrible!!), I quickly decided that whatever "it" was, "it" definitely wasn't pizza!!!...lol. The only thing that saved me I'm convinced was the "free" liter of soda that came with this UFO!!!!!...LOL... Obviously, do not order from this place unless you're conducting lab tests and are "curious" what is in this "UFO" this place calls a "pizza"!!!!...lol
3	Came here for lunch a couple of weeks ago, and it was just alright.  I've been on a pizza journey lately, trying to find little mom and pop pizza shops to try.  I've always been a fan of little pizza shops as opposed to the bigger chain pizza (Pizza Hut, Dominos, etc.). This place was kinda nice, personal and friendly staff.  But it wasn't too busy and that always concerns me.  The pizza came out in about 20 minutes, which is pretty average for a pizza joint.  But the pizza appeared to be sloppy.  I'm not one to critique the way food looks, but when it looks sloppy, it tends to taste that way as well.  The pizza itself was alright, nothing to write home about, and not the worst pizza I've had.  I will definitely try this place again though.
1	Well they do deliver to your room!They delivered a greasy sausage pizza with average fatty chicken wings and old fries. Edible though!!   Because it was all $14 I can't complain too much.
