4	Found this place on the travelchannel website the first night we got to Montreal during a quick weekend trip.It isn't cheap, but this splurge was a fabulous way to start our trip.  Just a few blocks from the Mont-Royal metro station, it is actually a tiny place wedged in a residential neighborhood.  There weren't more than 10 tables, and the atmosphere was very homey and intimate.  We decided to all do the 5-course option, which ranged from 48-55 bucks depending on which main course you ordered.   The meal started with a cream of vegetable soup.  Simple and boring you might think, but it was very yummy and made us all excited for what was to come.  I then had the escargots as my appetizer, and it was absolutely heavenly.  I am a big fan of escargots, and this dish reminded me why.  The blue cheese sauce it was in was subtle but delicious, and I sopped up every last drop with my bread.  Next came a palate cleanser of sorts - a scoop of green apple sorbet dropped in some brandy.  Everyone in our group LOVED this - especially as the sorbet melted in the brandy.  I had never had anything like this during a meal, so it was a really pleasant surprise.  For my main dish, I had the roasted quail, which I found to be well-seasoned in a nice wine sauce.  All the main entrees came with the same sides - a mix of seasonal vegetables.  The other entrees ordered included the duck dish, the filet mignon, and even the kangaroo (I got a bite- it was surprisingly tender and tasted sorta like beef).  Dessert was a trio of sorbets.  Although not the highlight of the meal, it was a nice and light way to end the night.The service was great here, even though there seemed to be only one waiter running the place.Another great thing about this place?  You can bring your own wine!  No corkage fee, and they'll even chill your white wine for you.   Good thing we had stopped by the NH liquor store on our way there!Highly recommended, especially if you can't get a reservation at the famed "au pied du cochon" or "l'express,"...
5	I've eaten my way through this entire city, from top to bottom, and think this place is probably the best French restaurant in the city, bar none. It's really small but neat, clean, classy, and very intimate. White glove service where the waiters and staff treat you like ROYALTY, respectful of your choices and delicately making suggestions to improve your experience. No matter how ghetto the wine you bring is (BYOW) they always have something positive to say about it. The food is absolutely unbelievably amazing. I can't even begin to describe it. I used to HATE French food - until I went to L'Entrepont and it turned me around completely. Anyways, enough rambling. The best, go check it out.
3	Great ambience if you are looking for a cozy place tucked in a residential neighbourhood. The entrees are exotic and a little pricey but the corkage free BYOW makes up for it. I would have given it 5 stars but the veggies were soaked in too much oil.Wait staff are great!$200 for party of 4.
