2	my friends and i were distressed passengers on our way to miami and we were just looking for a place to spend the night for cheap and with shuttle service. so we picked days inn...what a MISTAKE!! the first room that we received was horrible!!! the sheets were super dirty, the room smelled like sh** there was hair all over them, there were no towels, and the bathroom had broken tiles and was just flat at nasty. it looked like the house keeping just made the beds (without changing the sheets) and took out the trash after the previous customers checked out. [+] we immediately asked to switched rooms, which they gladly did and they apologized. the second room was much better and was a smoking room but it didn't smell like it.
1	Ended up at this dive because US Airways had many people miss flights. They has me call a 1-800 number and welllll I ended up here. It took an hour to get check into a room and the reception lady was completely loud, rude, a slow moving. The airline said it would be 30-40 dollars. I ended up paying 71.00!!! Furthermore, I finally get my self moving toward my room and the clientele malingering in the hall way are I ogling me and I was in serious fear of my safety. I manage to make it into my room and reasonably settled in for the night and the phone in the room rings at 0100!!! Mind you I have to be up 0400 and now this will ensure that I get 3 hours sleep. The call is the front desk to tell me that they kept my military ID card and I should be sure to stop and get it!!! Ummm NO!!! I have to have the card now it is a security item. She doesn't offer to bring it to me, I have to get dressed again and get the card!!! Can you believe it?! So now on top of a missed connection and coming down with a flu, I've got this disaster of a hotel to deal with. 2 of the pillows had black stains on the pillow cases. Stay if you dare to face the criminal elements, get woken up in the middle of the night, get over charged, have dirty sheets, speak with unempowered unprofessional staff, and then stay up all night due to the sleep disturbance and stay up long enough to write a negative review.  Ruuuuuuun! One tired Army Nurse
2	When we moved to charlotte we booked days inn for our temporary accommodation for almost a week.we booked it prior on phone call so we have got the room what we requested.we have asked for smoke free room.the room was okay.there offered complementary breakfast but it is not good manageable they just maintained milk,flakes.daily room cleaning facility is there.receptionist is not so friendly. overall it is average stay.
2	I was going to give higher as i did like my room. It was comfortable.. But now it is 1230am and they are doing sone kind of construction STILL outside my room.. Yuck.. Cant stay here again
