1	We were eager to try this new place as it's just strewn the street from us. I'm sad to say it's the worst food I've had at a breakfast place in town.First I ordered a decaf coffee, everyone else had regular coffee that was obviously piping hot. My decaf (of which no refills were offered until we'd asked for the bill) was tepid, luke warm at best.Off the menu I ordered two eggs with roast potatoes and a pancakes. The menu inidciated that the meal came with toast and fruit, and I'm sad to say the toast was the best part of the meal.The "roast" potatoes were actually an  incredibly over seasoned mash full of dill, onions, and what tasted like vegetable stock; with the warning that they *may* contain bacon fat.When I pointed this out to the server she just sort of shrugged, offered no concessions or compensation, and left. The scrambled eggs were completely unseasoned and a bit rubbery, but tolerable.The pancake (which came with no syrup til I asked another server) was essentially like eating a dense, flat, vanilla cake.I can't stress enough how terrible the potatoes and pancakes were, especially if you're expecting hash browns or actual roast potatoes (as the menu indicates in both English and French)On the way out I told the hostess about these issues and again, no compensation was offered. I doubt I'd ever go back here.
5	I absolutely loved this place! I ordered two eggs with one choice ingredient. My eggs came with potatoes, toast and fruit and my chosen ingredient was pancakes. The pancakes were great! Perfectly cooked fluffy and tasty. The potatoes were really good. A little different than most which was great. The portion size was huge but it was too good to leave behind. The service was great and food came quickly. I hope this place sticks around!
3	After going back a second time I was not as impressed with the service. After noticing the menu said the potatoes may contain traces of bacon fat my friend asked the waitress what this meant. The waitress said the potatoes contained small bits of bacon fat. I told the waitress Ive had the potatoes and I am a vegetarian and the menu should state it does contain bacon. She looked confused and didn't seem to care. After that we noticed our waitress tended to her other customers cheerfully and hardly said two words to us. Definitely disappointed.
3	All around just ok but too expensive. Much better options at a better price to chose from in the area.
2	Not a fan of the potatoes, they are way too mashed and seasoned with some powder mix of sorts. The pancakes (usually a massive portion) and eggs are alright, while other additions like breakfast sausages and bacon are average. It's a shame that this location isn't up to par with all the 'allo! mon coco' hype, I was looking forward to its opening since it's in my area and I thought it'd maybe be better than Eggspectations or Universel... but, nope.
4	Some harsh reviews so far! I came here this week and had an experience very similar to my experiences in laval's locations. I had my usual 2 eggs and sausage, which I understand is not the most complex dish, but still, it was exactly what I expected and got. And it was just fine. I actually like their potato mash. It has a signature taste and texture that I associate with this specific breakfast resto, and I look forward to having it each time. Minus one star because they charge for coffee. I get that it's downtown, but come on - it's coffee.
4	I went here with my mother last sunday just to check out the new brunch place and we were not disappointed. We ordered an omelette and their special: Crepe royale. Both were delicious and could have been eaten by 2 people instead of one. The omelette was huge and well made and we liked the potatoes that came with it. The crepe royale - well technically they were pancakes instead of crepes, but we didnt mind - was humongous! Topped with yummy ice cream, fresh strawberries and chocolate syrup.The server was very friendly and helpful and kept refilling our coffee.
1	Sooooooooooo disappointed. I was so exited about a new breakfast place opening in the neighborhood, and I was thoroughly let down. Points to note:-*Roast* potatoes (as listed on the menu) are not the same as overly salted and dill-filled lumpy mush potatoes (and I usually LOVE salt, dill and mush more than most).-Decaf coffee and regular coffee should be served at the same (hot) temperature.-Pancakes should not be glue-y messes.-Eggs shouldn't be rubbery.-Everything is an "extra" (coffee was not included etc...)-$20 is too much to pay for a good plate of eggs, much less a sh***y one.-Even if your server doesn't speak your language, they should be gracious about it. Especially in a Anglo-heavy neighborhood like the Concordia ghetto.- Restaurants should offer you something as compensation for mistakes or lousy food, not make excuses or justifications.-There was almost nothing on the menu my vegan friend could eat, in-buttered toast and fruit just about covered it. Even the potatoes said "may contain lard". I would give this no stars if I could, or even negative stars. NEVER going back again.Only positive: the fruit bowl was beautiful, expensive, and beautiful.
4	I went with a friend on a Sunday for brunch; the line was out the door but the turnover was pretty quick; we were seated within 10 minutes or so which was not bad at all. I should note that I'm a vegetarian, so my menu options were limited, but I ordered eggs benedict with mushrooms and swiss cheese and, when I asked the waitress to confirm that there was no meat in it, she probed for more information and mentioned that their potatoes are cooked in bacon fat. (Their menu does state that, but I appreciated that she pointed it out, in case I hadn't noticed.)We didn't wait very long for our food, even though the place was packed, and everything was delicious. My eggs benedict were some of the best I've had, and my friend assured me that the potatoes were great (they come in a big pile of mash, not roast potatoes like we're used to). She had a crepe with apples and English cream; the apples were perfectly cooked (tender but not mushy) and the bowl of cream was generous. My friend had an amazing fruit smoothie, as well - it tasted so fresh and ripe, much better than most!We would visit again.
4	I went here with big group of friends for brunch on a Sunday afternoon. The line was out the door, and we had to wait quite a while, but it was understandable since we had more than 10 people in our group.So after about a 20 minute wait, we were finally seated. The service was pretty good. The waitress was really nice, and we didn't have to flag her down for water like at most restaurants in Montreal (at least the restaurants I went to). After looking over the the menu, I decided to order the "Lac Saint-Jean" which is "2 eggs, bacon, baked beans, cretons, blueberry pancake, potatoes, toast, and fruit". The portion sizes are HUGE. I could barely finish all my food. The blueberry pancake was about the size of my face, and it was nice and fluffy. The eggs were ordered over-easy and they were cooked to perfection. The bacon was nice and crispy, and the fruit was really good as well.Overall, this place is a solid brunch place that will have your tummy doing a happy dance. It's better than your average brunch place. The presentation of the food is cool, and they make sure you leave full and happy. So check this place out when you have a chance.
4	The restaurant is good and the menu has many choices to choose from and plus, it's near where I live. The service is good and this place can be pretty popular on the weekends. I also like the coffee here. It's not bad like the coffee at A&W nearby. The portions on each plate is pretty generous and the layout inside the building is nice. Plus the staff seems friendly and attentive.I like the omelettes here.
5	The hot waitresses are a good enough reason to go there, let alone the awesome food.
2	I was excited to have a breakfast place open up so close to my apartment because on a lazy weekend morning I wouldn't have to venture far for brunch.  I have to say though that allo! mon coco isn't all it's cracked up to be.  They have lineups but they deal with them quickly.  It's just everything else after that left a lot to be desired.Portions are gigantic and in my opinion they're too big.  I can usually finish what I order in a brunch place but here I just can't.  I'm also not a fan of their potatoes.  The seasoning is overpowering and they're too mushy for breakfast potatoes.   The pancakes are fluffy though and I did like those quite a bit.  Everything else (eggs and breakfast meats) were on par for an average brunch place.Service wasn't great either.  We ordered coffee as soon as we sat down but they didn't bring us cutlery with it so we had no spoons to stir in milk and sugar.  We had to flag our waitress down for basics like water and they were quite slow to bring us the bill.Honestly even though the restaurant is so close to my apartment I'm not sure if I'd come back here anytime soon.  I was left quite underwhelmed by the whole experience and if I just walk a little farther to the Atwater market area I know I'll find cheaper and better brunch places.
3	I'm torn.The service (Hao) was great! He was nice, quick, informative (like assisting in trying to find my gluten-intolerant friend a dish so that ordering a bunch of individual parts wouldn't cost her double the price) but still a salesman (offered the potatoes to be gratin for mine). He was quick with our check and polite the whole way through.The food however left me torn. The potatoes were delicious and the serving of fruits was larger than normal (and included 9 different fruits!). Sadly, my eggs Benedict was overcooked, one hard boiled and one half cooked, which really kills the beauty of an eggs Benedict. The thing that finalized the sour taste was our bills. I don't mind paying $14+tax/tip for breakfast, but when you tack on an extra $1.00 for coffee/tea you go down a peg or two in my books. Minus one star for not being able to cook your namesake, and another for charging on something that I've never had to pay for with breakfast.
3	Barely Benedict... I'll give it to them, the fruit bowl was pretty amazing, and even the coffee really hit the spot. But the breakfast potatoes were like a strange potato salad? Pretty disappointing, but the service was excellent.
2	It's your typical brunch chain restaurant .. Like eggspectations .. If you're prepared for that then you're good .. But if you're expecting more then you'll be disappointed ..
5	Been there several time, didn't knew they open a breakfast restaurant in that location. The staff are amazing and very great service. The interior is beautiful with the colours makes you smile. The variety of breakfast and lunch are amazing. Good price and great ambiance.
