5	Excellent donuts with creative flavors!  And they are serving awesome coffee from small-batch roaster, Caffe Vita!
2	I really wanted to like this place. The doughnuts seemed really unique.. I mean who thinks of stuffing cereal milk pudding inside of a doughnut?I went one afternoon with my coworker, and we got a dozen of their finest (or at least what was left) which costed just over $25. Our selection included vegan, fancy and traditional doughnuts. We brought them back to work. and basically tried every flavor. The traditional doughnuts are nothing special. I strongly advise you to stay away from the chocolate cake doughnut, it's awful! The Vegan doughnuts are bland - not even close to Ronald's and like double the cost. The super fancy donuts are just okay. The most exciting thing about them are the descriptions. You hear the ingredient list and think that's gotta be yummy, but after you taste it you're pretty underwhelmed. I will say the bacon doughnut is pretty good. I'm usually not a fan, but they filling is divine. Would I deal with the downtown parking/traffic for it? Probably not.I love local businesses. I hope they find a way to make their doughnuts more tasty, affordable and pretty. If I'm pay $3-$4 for a doughnut, I don't want the toppings sliding off the top.
1	Would give zero stars if i could! Over ten dollars for four doughnuts? No prices listed. No descriptions listed. And the doughnuts were so GREASY! You could taste it. My hand was covered in it. We didnt even finish them, just tossed them out. Will never go back. Go to Pinkbox instead!
5	After seeing some activity on their facebook page, I decided to walk by after having brunch down the street at Eat. To my surprise, it was their first day of being open.I got the rootbeer doughnut, which had a rootbeer caramel glaze, some kind of filling (maybe vanilla?) and chocolate covered pop rocks. My family decided on the s'mores, maple bacon, and the chocolate old fashioned doughnuts. They were all delicious. The actual dough wasn't too sweet, which I enjoyed, and neither were any of the frostings/glazes/fillings. They use Caffe Vita coffee from Seattle, and even do a cold brew for their iced coffee.I didn't have a chance to try them, but they also make savory doughnuts. They make them when you order, so they don't have any on display in their shop. I didn't see a menu when I was in there, so definitely ask about them when you go in.The pastry chef was seemed very excited to be opened, and seemed to have a huge passion for what she is creating. If you're in the downtown area and are looking for a treat, I'd recommend stopping by. I'd also recommend stopping by even if you're not in the downtown area!.
4	I was so excited to hear that we had a donut shop opening downtown and even more excited when one of my coworkers left me a delicious looking S'mores donut last week. I immediately cut it into quarters and shared with my coworkers. I was so glad that I did because it was SO incredibly sweet that I couldn't eat more than a bite. The chocolate donut with chocolate cream is not a good combination, thanks in part to the donut part tasting kind of bitter. My coworkers agreed and we were left with a bit of a bad taste in our mouths, literally.Fast forward to the weekend and one of my coworkers asked me to walk with him to grab a dozen donuts for his team. I am so glad I did! The shop is adorable and hip on the inside. My favorite part is that it is completely open and you can see them frying, dipping, and frosting donuts right before your eyes. These things are fresh! I was able to steal a few bites, here' s the skinny:The lemon donut is filled with a delicious lemon custard with a blueberry compote on top. My favorite part was the toasted marshmallow nest that the blueberries rested in, so yummy! I also tried the key lime, which also has a blueberry compote, but it is nestled in whipped cream. It was good, but I preferred the lemon. The fruity pebbles has a gross looking fruity pebbles custard inside, but if you can get past the looks it actually tastes pretty good. I was also able to sample the old fashioned and the apple fritter (bonus points for having free samples on the display case) and they didn't disappoint. This morning left me feeling happy that I had given them a second chance. They are a little on the pricey side, a dozen donuts was $20, but they make everything fresh all day long. They rotate flavors and are constantly inventing new flavor combinations. I'm excited to see what the future holes for this little shop, I know that I will be back for sure!
3	Barely even open and they already have these 5 star reviews.  Good for them.  Good for Downtown Las Vegas.  But let's see what's really going on.  Short Review:O Face Donuts is new and located off 6th near Carson.  They got donuts, the place is tiny, and the service, I thought, was pretty good.  You'll find what I call "Candy" Donuts, traditional donuts, and Vegan Donuts.  But overall, I wasn't a fan and left wondering if I just came during the wrong time. I tried the Apple Bacon Fritter, their glaze, their chocolate, their sprinkles donut, and the Root Beer Float.  All looked good, but that's about it.   Longer Review:First of all, I think the location is great but a little tough to find. If it wasn't for some dude walking out with a donut in his mouth, I think I would have been walking circles around this joint.  The place is tiny and I can't imagine what it's like if they had a line.  There's really no place to enjoy your donut and if you find a seat, expect to feel a little cramped.  Most donut shops are small, but at least some have outside seating.  Just saying. As for their donuts...-Their Root Beer Float:  I read fellow Yelper Corene's review and she described what I expected to taste.   But I didn't share Corene's experience.  Their Root Beer Float donut had a lot going on....glazed with caramel, stuffed inside with a vanilla root beer filling, and topped with chocolate pop rocks. Sounds delicious, but there was so much going that my taste buds were a little confused.  I enjoyed the root beer filling and the chocolate pop rocks. It's the actual donut that I wasn't too impressed with. I think the donut itself was a little to bready.  It's hard for me to describe, but think of those Hostess donuts that you can get at a 7-Eleven.  Yup..that was my experience.   -Glazed:  I didn't buy this one.  Tasted one of their samples and wasn't overly impressed.  Again, I thought that this donut was a little to bready. -Apple Bacon Fritter:  The gf got this one and was willing to share.  Looked good, but felt like it was kept a little too long in the fryer.  This was greasy and some parts of it was burnt to a bacon type crisp. -Chocolate Donut:  The chocolate icing was a little too much, too rich, and too thick.  Again, wasn't impressed with the actual donut.-Donut with Sprinkles:  This wasn't too bad.  The icing and sprinkles was the highlight.  The Staff:Excellent, 5 Stars, "as good as it gets", and customer oriented. It's just a shame that their donuts aren't excellent, "as good as it gets", and belly oriented. My first impression...I'm not a fan.  But that doesn't mean I'm not coming back. I know they're new and I am willing to give them another try.  Hopefully, my next experience is better.  If so, I will up my rating.  But at this point, I just don't see myself going out of my way to come here, especially when there's a lot of other donut shops in town that leave me wanting more. PS:  Just because I'm not a fan, doesn't mean others won't be.  The first 3 reviews are all 5 stars.  That means someone liked them.  I hope that what it means.
5	The only place downtown that always has heavy cream to make me cappuccinos and start off my day from the right foot. I don't eat donuts but all the friends who went there with me loved them. Thank you ladies!
2	A new addition to my favorite area of Las Vegas. After brunch we stopped here  for some treats to take home. The place is small upon entering. There were people congregated around the counters so I wasn't sure where the line began or ended. We made our way to the display case when it became visible and got in line. There is an open view of the kitchen where you see the dough being made and hand rolled and cut.  The woman behind the counter kindly described each available doughnut to everyone ordering. I tried the key lime pie, the root beer, the Mexican chocolate with horchata filling, Nutella with hazelnuts on top.He doughnut itself seemed oily/greasy in taste, maybe the oil wasn't hot enough when the batch was fried? This was a let down since it was consistent in each one. All the filling and topping were good, not overly sweet. The Nutella doughnut tasted more like chorale and not the Nutella taste that I love. The staff was wry friendly and attentive.they were preparing coffees while you were waiting in the doughnut line to keep a flow going. It is a new place and will try them again. I hope it was just an off day..
1	I really wanted to love this place.... But their donuts are terrible!!! And very expensive!!! $9 for 4 donuts?!?!!! All i could say is, "it better be to die for!!! " And what a disappointment it was when i bit into a dry/ stale tasting Boston Cream donut, & the chocolate cake donut tasted like a shot of grease!! Yuckkk!!!
5	I love this place!  I am loving all the new donut shops that have opened in Vegas the past year, but this one is the best.  Better than Pink Box!I recommend the Root Beer donut.
2	My boss asked me to pick up doughnuts and coffee for a work meeting and I wanted to try this place so I called them. I arranged a pick up order for the next morning of two dozen doughnuts and two traveling carafes of coffee. I gave them a pick up time of 8:30 AM as our meeting started at 9:00. When I got to the shop at exactly 8:30 nothing was ready for me. The girl said it would be at least 10 more minutes to brew enough coffee to fill the two carafes I'd ordered but in the meantime she would put together my two dozen doughnuts. It turned out to be lucky they were so unprepared for me because when I found out it was $18.00 per carafe for the coffee, I realized it was outside my budget and skipped it. I paid $40 for two dozen donuts, mainly just their traditionals with three or four "specialty" doughnuts and went on my merry way. As for the taste of the donuts? Meh. I ate the fruity pebbles specialty doughnut and it was tasty except for the filling which was a gross looking gloppy hunk of I don't know what exactly. I left that part on my plate. As for my co-workers, some liked their doughnuts, some didn't. I had a couple complaints of "greasy," "bland," and "burnt." In the late afternoon there were still a few doughnuts left so I tried another one. It was just a simple glazed traditional doughnut and yes....it was burnt. The glaze could not cover the burnt taste.Suffice to say, the next time I need doughnuts and coffee for an office meeting I'll just stop at my neighborhood Dunkin' Donuts.
5	I have been here twice so far, and  I absolutely love this place! I've had the Root beer Float doughnut, the Key Lime, Fruity Pebbles, Boston Cream, Lemon Merengue and chocolate vegan doughnut.  Each one was delicious! The doughnuts that I had were not at all greasy. They were fresh and had a very generous amount of filling in them ( with the exception of the vegan doughnut which was not filled, but was very moist and very tasty)!  The decor at O Face Doughnuts is retro, and in my opinion, rather quaint. It is also super clean! The staff are very friendly and provide great customer service. This is my new go to place for doughnuts from now on!
4	Great selection.  Tried 4 doughnuts. All were good and better than pink box. Price is about the same.  The s'mores and Boston cream was delicious. Raspberry lemon cream was great.   They just open about a week. For sure they will have more creations.
5	Such a cool place! First, I love the vintage feel and design and can't wait to see the patio area built out! The staff was super friendly and offered a lot of personal attention! The doughnuts were spectacular! Well worth the price! We had a selection of fruity pebble, bacon apple fritter, classic chocolate and vegan chocolate with sprinkles!!Next time I will for sure have a savory doughnut!! Love that option!It's great to see Locals doing great things! This building is going to be so awesome once it's complete !
1	If yelp offered no star I'd certainly give them that for customer service. Stopped there at 730am this morning, only about 8 varieties of donuts made. Asked if they had apple fritters, no they are not made. Then asked if they had the blackberry with lemon glaze, NO not making them today. Are you kidding All donuts should be made and available a half hour after opening their door and unprepared. How about "time to make the donuts"
3	Aw man, I really wanted to love this place. Got lost as mapquest told me to turn into 6th street but it's just off of 6th. When I walked in, felt like I was in the 70's. Pretty small space but cute interior with classic oldies playing in the background. Ordered the root beer float, nutella, fruit loops, smores, bacon fritter, mexican, blackberry, and lemon meringue donuts with a salted caramel almond milk latte all for about $25. The root beer float, nutella, smores, and bacon fritter were pretty good (not pictured: the fritter and nutella because I ate them before I snapped a pic); everything else, I'd pass on. The coatings on the donuts were very melty and I wasn't too fond of the fillings in them. It was runny! Tip: have a bunch of napkins on you while eating them because I spilled all sorts of fillings on myself and had to lick my fingers off. They also have their own homemade syrups for their coffee drinks (salted caramel, vanilla, and hazelnut) but the latte I got was just alright.Overall, cool spot, friendly staff, and okay donuts that are on the pricier side. I'll give it another try but for now, I still prefer pinkbox and ronald's.
2	Not sure what the hype is about at this place.  I went on a Friday afternoon with a large group visiting from norCal.  When I first walked in, I noticed two of the staff frosting the donuts and one of the girls was snacking on them.  Not sure if they were taste-testing?  Also, there were no signs/labels for the donut varieties.  I had to ask what every type was and I felt bad because there was a long line behind me.  I chose a plain glazed and a gluten-free carrot donut.  The glazed wasn't as good as Krispy Kreme and the carrot donut was super greasy inside and burnt!
4	Anyone saying Dunkin Donuts is better probably shouldn't yelp as your taste buds are dead. O face makes great donuts. I usually run when I hear terms like vegan or gluten free but I honestly couldn't tell the difference between vegan or standard as they're both delicious. I've been there twice and the staff is great, prices are clearly posted. The donuts are mos def handmade and don't fall into a cookie cutter shape like Dunkin or Winchell's. All in all a great donut shop.
4	Well, we don't have nothing like this out Burlington, VT way. At least in terms of doughnuts. Had spent almost a week in Vegas (out in South Point land) before stumbling across it. Was being good and got almost a block away before yelling to the sky, "OK! I'll go." Like to pretend it was a higher spirit but was probably just my earth pig (Chinese Medicine) nature. That part of me that loves the things of this planet, the sensuousness of life experiences. Not a difficult thing, to engage in sensuality here. I had to stop the person behind the counter after describing the eighth of 12 donuts. Sensory overload. While the dark chocolate covered Boston creme was giving me that, "Oh, you so know you want to" look, I tried to err on the side of something a bit less rich and dark. So I went with the Key Lime. Yes, less dark. No, not less rich. Just a note to all those who prefer to eat their donuts with their pinkies extended, this is not the place for you. Off with thee!!! High thee to a place where donuts are singular in your experience of them. Here we have crafted objects d'culinary art. Yes, if you're not careful, you will find portions of your donuts everywhere. The wife took one look at me, halfway through my donut and lost it. If you've ever seen a man with a dark beard with key lime filling dripping... need I say more.Anyhow, the donut was wonderful. Maybe, just maybe, a little bit more lime zest with the filling but I'm an extremist. The best thing about this place, well, one of the best things, is that it is very possible to eat two, maybe even three donuts. They are not humongous (remember Rose's in Portland, Oregon, anyone). I really, really wished we had found this place at the beginning instead of the end of our trip. We have been so taken with the non-Strip Las Vegas that we are going to attempt to snow-bird it this coming winter. I am very lucky to have a partner who understands how amazing food is to me. Even though it is not probably the smartest dietary thing I could do, I plan on four a week, come January. If you're coming to O Face, try to keep in mind, this is art. it gets messy. Sometimes it doesn't work. Sometimes it's not about what you think it should be. Culinary art is about expanding the possibilities. Learning to enjoy the misses for how they speak to the possibilities is a great skill to pick up.
5	I will eat one key lime donut per week, nor more than that. I must repeat this mantra daily and remind myself that if I eat all the donuts, they won't be as special and I won't appreciate the moments of donut when I am allowed them. Yes. I will be strong. I will not eat all the donuts, every day.This all aside, O Face is a gem. I have had the key lime (obviously), the vegan blackberry, the lemon meringue, the root beer float, the fruity pebbles, and the Mexican chocolate. All are exceptional. You cannot be disappointed by this place if you truly love donuts!
5	This places doughnuts are thick and hearty. It reminds me much of Voodoo donuts. So if your familiar with that place you'd enjoy this place. The coffee and espresso is all quality. Over all this place is a little lore exspensive then let's say Winschels or Dunken donuts... But the coffee and donuts are a cut above as they use designer coffee and dough of unique thickness. I hope this place survives and continues providing quality food that's not just high fructose corn syrup in the shape of an O.
5	Not going to write a long review....just wanna say AMAZING!!! other donut places have some big shoes to fill....this place is donut Nirvana.....can't wait to go back and try the savory smoked salmon donut...to the staff...keep it up!!!!
2	Took a special drive to downtown to try out the new donut shop in town only to be disappointed. It started out great. They lady greeted me and walked me through all the donuts they offer. I picked out the apple pie and fried to order lox donut. The lox donut filling was amazing. Fresh dill and green onions with a nice smokey salmon. But I didn't like the yeasty/sour dough they used. Covered up the flavor of the filling and wasn't very crispy.They apple pie donut which the lady said was her first love at the shop was way undercooked. Around the apple was completely raw. Waste of my $2.25.  The cold brew coffee would be perfect with a nice sweet donut.   $9.73 for two donuts and a small coffee it is just a little to much for me. I will stay with Ronald Donuts as my go to donut place.
5	I'm really excited this shop is around! I love seeing artisan bakeshops and this one is something special. However, my thighs are glad it's 30 minutes away! Haha! Seriously, the BEST donuts I've ever had. We tried traditional chocolate, s'more, maple bacon, Irish whiskey (I think that's what it was called), and the apple bacon fritter (we shared!!)  :)
3	I had high hopes ever since I saw a photo of a dozen delectable looking donuts, posted by a friend on Facebook. But alas, I'm sorry to report that my experience was just okay.I tried the s'mores and the raspberry. The s'mores had a marshmallow top with crushed graham crackers, filled with a chocolate cream inside. The raspberry had a raspberry glaze and sprinkles on top, filled with a raspberry cream inside. Usually I have to stop myself from eating the whole thing (i.e. Pink Box), but in this case, I was done after eating less than half. Honestly, it just wasn't worth the calories.My husband had the bacon maple (which he said was okay). I also got him a bacon fritter, but it's still sitting in the box.Service was great and I really wish I could've given them more stars. But in the spirit of honest yelping, unfortunately I cannot.
5	I'm not the biggest fan of Pink Box, I actually think most of their selection is too sweet. Based on 2 visits to O Face, I think their selection is great. I've brought home a variety for my family and enjoyed all of them except the Horchata one. That combination just didn't work for me. Their coffee is on point, I usually don't expect much when it comes to coffee at doughnut shops.
3	An innocent bystander walked in front of a doughnut shop after a stressful experience of parallel parking in Downtown Las Vegas - scores a free box of O Face doughnuts! Your parents told you not to take anything from a stranger when you were little. But you're not a little kid anymore so, take all the free doughnuts!!!Included in my box were 4 Mexicans, Apple Pie, Chocolate, Blackberry, chocolate cake and one more doughnut that wasn't too memorable. They remind me of Dunkin Donuts because they're dry, heavy and dense. They were greasy too. I do like the variety of flavors. Flavors you might have had from Pink Box or in Portland's Blue Star except they're not as well-executed.They're new so they still have lots of room for improvement. I'll be back in a few months and give them another shot.
4	In the midst of the wreck that is the hotel on carson between 6th and Las Vegas Blvd, is a happy doughnut face staring at you, inviting you to brave the sketchy building and find out what is making that doughnut so happy.  Venture inside and you won't be disappointed.  Fresh donuts, good tunes and friendly faces welcome you in.  Flavors such as Bacon Apple Fritter, passion fruit raspberry, espresso, and more will delight your pallet,  Priced between $1.25 and $2.50 per doughnut, these creations rise above their surroundings.I tried the bacon apple fritter.  The fritter itself was light and almost croissant flaky which was awesome.  However, it was slightly less apple than I like and to be honest, the bacon was just a hint in the background, like an afterthought.  The doughnut itself makes this place worthy of repeat visits, if the waistline can handle it.I can't wait to try the other flavors. But dieting, that wait will be a while.
5	Yes! I've finally found a legitimate donut shop in Vegas! I've been wanting to try O Face donuts since it opened and got my chance after running the 5k Sprinkler Sprint downtown.  Our on-foot GPS led us astray in trying to find the shop, and just when we were about to give up on our search,  I noticed the pink donut marking O Face Donuts. It's on the corner of 6th Street and Carson in a white building with blue trim. We walked inside and were immediately greeted even though the employees even though they were busy helping other customers.  The couple in front of us were being extremely indecisive and took awhile.  After they finished and left, the employee taking orders turned to us and thanked us for our patience and apologized for the wait. I ordered a basic frosted donut with chocolate frosting and shredded coconut on top ($1.35). The employee was beyond super friendly and chit chatted with me up until I paid. She inquired about the 5k run and seemed like she was genuinely interested. The overall customer service experience was amazing! Don't even get me started on how awesome the donut tasted!  The donut was soft and tasted fresh. The chocolate frosting was thick, creamy, and rich. The coconut shreds were great too. I will definitely come back to O Face Donuts anytime I'm downtown in the morning time.
4	O Face Doughnuts is within walking distance of my office so I might be a regular.  My goal is to try the whole menu. They have a lot of variety so that might take a while.  Thus far I've had the lemon rosemary, passion raspberry, almond joy, and a chocolate one I can't remember.  I have not tried the regular/traditional doughnuts yet...I get too distracted by the sprinkles and whatnot.  Right now the passion raspberry is my reigning favorite.The one complaint I have about the doughnuts is that the gourmet doughnuts are a little overstuffed so you might have to eat them in one sitting.  They are a little messy and might fall apart if you try to set them down.  The coffee is not that great.  It's not undrinkable, but I think they could definitely improve in that department.Service is pretty good.  In Vegas we get a little spoiled by the very professional service industry we have here and this place is no exception.  The staff is friendly and attentive.  They are happy to explain the different flavors and offer their recommendations.   Overall - thumbs up.  You should definitely try this place out.
5	Delish! The original glazed paired with their ice coffee is my favorite. A must go!!!
3	O Face was just ok. I spent $5 for a very small coffee and a good donut, was not worth the price for me. I tired the Bacon Apple Fritter, it was good but not great. The glaze on the dount was ok but the the bacon and custard inside of it was really good.
3	Interesting selection. Donuts had a nice crispy layer from the fryer but I was left with a greasy aftertaste. Blueberry one was good but the almond joy was my favorite. The cream filling had a weird texture.
1	I was really looking forward to a neighborhood donut shop, but I couldn't have been more disappointed. First, their menu consists of a counter with donuts on display, half of which don't have a description as to what they are. Now, I get it, donut shops don't normally have a menu of ingredients for their donuts, but this place has made an extra effort to make their donuts "different" and I don't feel my confusion was unjustified. After, being given explanations as to donut flavors by an, much annoyed by my inquiries, employee.  My wife and I got 4 donuts, I got the maple bacon donut and the strawberry short cake donut, but you could have just called them the greasy and sticky ones. As for my wife, I guess they weren't memorable enough to remember what she got and let me put it this way, 2 weeks later one of them is still sitting in my fridge. I can't see myself going back here ever, but I do see groupons in o face's future.
3	Fun flavors but more oily/greasier.  They taste like donuts you microwave the next day.  There good just a different heavier kind of donut which my husband loves, I prefer more traditional dough.  My favorite is the vegan mixed berry one although last time I had one I couldn't eat it cause the dough wasn't cooked all the way.  There was a filling that wasn't the berries. I do really like their savory ones, the pizza roll and the salmon and cream cheese ones are amazing!
5	THE BEST DONUTS EVER!!!!Done and done, I can't believe the mediocre reviews, from service to selection, to price and most importantly FLAVOR the girls at O Face get 5 stars for everything!They are so nice, super patient, explained EVERY flavor to me with a smile on their face!Located a block from Fremont Street was perfect for us to walk and get breakfast.They have a vegan section which looked great but I wanted to narrow it down to half a dozen and went with the most exciting sounding ones.Prices range from $1.25-$2.25 super cheap, considering in LA and OC I have paid double easily and often.You see the donuts being made, filled and glazed right behind the counter, everything is so shiny and amazing looking!They also have donut ice cream sandwiches, but they all had liquor based ice cream and I was sharing with my son, so  next time.Their flavors are always changing, so many I saw on Yelp were not available.My son wanted the bacon apple fritter which they did not have but they gave him a bacon topped cream filled one.I don't remember the names of any but we hadthe bacon topped cream filled, SO much cream and it was GOOOOOOOOOOOOD!!!The combo with bacon I am not a fan of but my son loved it!Captain Crunch with cereal milk creme filling, YUUUUM!!!Almond Joy filled with coconut creamCherry Coke FloatMexican chocolate with Horchata cream fillingThe last one with oats and fruit, ALL of them were th best thing I have ever tasted.The dough was fried a bit longer than most donuts, I LOVED that, the glazes and fillings were SO good, you can taste the love, care and thought that gets put into each and every donut, they need to hurry and expand to SoCal ASAP!!!!
2	Um, the doughnuts were oily and greasy, I didn't like it.I'm not writing this to dis a local business, but to encourage improvement. The trend is more and more toward healthy food - you can't deny or fight them - like it or not.Luddite movement won't have a chance. Internet is not a series of tubes. Healthy food trends are not an elitism - every culturally matured developed country has it and it will never reverse.I thought O Face Doughnuts got a potential - just do more research and offer something better.
4	Hands down the vegan donuts are amazing the only negative is that I wish the carrot cake donut was way bigger :) The s'more donut that was awesome along with the mayan and Mexican chocolate spice .. Taylor was very helpful with all questions we had and made us some great coffee!!!** check out the wallpaper in the bathroom pretty cute We will definitely be returning to "O Face... "
2	The coffee and staff are amazing. However the doughnuts are WAY too greasy and don't taste as good as they look!
3	I like that they offer lots of fancy vegan donuts (as opposed to just plain glaze & chocolate).  On the day I went their vegan options included Rosewater, Mixed Cherry, Blackberry, Apple Pie, Almond Joy, vegan glaze sprinkle, & a few others. I opted for the Blackberry, Apple Pie, & Vanilla Sprinkle. The Blackberry & Apple pie were both very scrumptious, but they certainly live up to their "thou art greasy" reputation. So much grease I could hear Travolta & Newton-John duets emitting from these donuts. If they can find a way to dial down the grease factor while keeping the flavor, they may be able to give the other popular donut joint in Vegas some real competition. Maybe. Easy to find. Located off the far north end of the strip, @ 1 block east of Las Vegas Blvd.  Metered street parking. Limited seating inside.They offer soy milk. I do not drink coffee, so I cannot comment on that.
5	Some of the most amazing hand crafted donuts I've had since I could remember. The maple bacon thing was a mouthgasm as well as the fruity pebble donut. Their donuts are such perfection and a gift to your palate.
4	I would have to call this a "boutique" doughnut shop.  The prices are a little higher than your standard doughnut fare, but the quality is better, and the selections are more unique.I've been twice as of this review.  I've tried their key lime, Mexican chocolate, and maple bacon flavors.  The missus had one with Cap'n Crunch.  The doughnuts are very flavorful and filling.  I enjoyed them, but I think moderation is key in this case.  They also serve up a nice iced coffee.As far as location goes, they are on Sixth Street... but let me amend the directions, because I found it confusing.  They are indeed on 6th, and they're in the hotel that is currently seeing a lot of construction.  But they are also around the corner.  Suite 140 itself is actually just around the corner more on Carson, making it more the intersection of 6th and Carson.  This little addendum will save you the merry jaunt that I had inside the hotel looking for the place.All in all, I like O Face as more of a "treat" style doughnut place.  The staff was decent, the doughnuts are tasty, and the varieties are far different than your run of the mill doughnut shack.  Just expect higher prices and a semi-confusing location, and you'll start your breakfast out on a good note.
5	If you are near downtown Las Vegas (or have a car to drive there) you must try these donuts.  The Lemon is filled with the same tart lemon as a lemon bar.  The Peach is filled with peach cream and topped with crumble.  Can't wait to try the chocolate.  Take these to friends, family or co-workers.  One note - the entrance is on Carson not Sixth.
4	I have been to O face donuts twice now. First of all I'm elated that there is a great donuts shop downtown. It's getting so that it's worth a trip downtown. Then when you walk in this is the cutest little shop. I told the person working behind the counter how cute I thought the shop was and she indicated they were going for 70s vibe. When you really look at it they've got that 70s vibe. The staff are all really helpful they will describe all of the donuts to you including fillings the frostings the decorations everything. When I first went I ordered the old fashion on the recommendation of a friend. It was fried to I would say well done which was good. It also had a hint of lemon which I found very enjoyable. Today I had the chocolate cinnamon doughnut with caramel pearls on top. It was quite good. I was worried that the doughnut would not be cooked well or would be too greasy based upon the reviews however I didn't find this to be true. I will keep going!!!!
1	Make them sound good all you want. . But seriously nothing more then grease soaked pieces of dough. ..throughly disgusting. .. ordered 4... we took one bite from each and went in the trash.
3	I haven't tried any other donuts here except the vegan donuts.... YES VEGAN! Who knew?? When I discovered this place (from a blog) I almost died, why hadn't I discovered this place yet. The vegan donuts are good, I actually prefer the vegan donut holes they sell over the actual donuts. The first batch I ordered on my first trip were a little greasy and weird, and it made it hard to finish them. The second set I ordered was better though. The coffee and chia are really good. The donuts are a  treat and a little heavy imo, but they are still good. They sell t-shirts and  there is room to sit  if you'd like. Staff is super nice and always pleasant,  They are located in a hotel building of some sort off 6th and parking is on the side, you really have to look at the building to notice it's thereJust a heads up that the times on their yelp do not match there real store times.
1	We tried a half dozen of these greasy, pretentious donuts. We didn't finish any of them. They had a mix of stale textures and weird tastes. Just bad. I can't believe I'm saying that about a donut. We really hated them.
1	Ewww...these are the greasiest, heaviest donuts I've ever eaten.  The fillings were oozing everywhere and left a weird taste in my mouth.  I won't even let my dog eat them.  These donuts can't hold a candle to Pink Box! They are the #1 donut in Vegas! And cheaper too!I'm sad....I had high hopes!
3	So maybe it's just because my expectations were too high, but I was a little disappointed by O Face Doughnuts.I was kind of expecting something the caliber of Voodoo Donuts in Portland and this place just isn't at that level. They do have some creative flavors using Captain Crunch cereal, bacon and other creative yumminess, but they just weren't the taste sensation I was expecting.This is basically somewhere between a regular donut shop and Voodoo Donuts. I think they are new, so hopefully in time they will achieve the Voodoo Donuts level of awesomeness, but for the moment they are just a nice effort that falls short.
4	What a  gem, this place! Shop has the fun funky colorful decor, and a wide variety of donut flavors, far from the typical traditional flavors we're all acustom to. The sweet surprise is that they also have vegan options. Let me tell you.... it was do amazing!!! I think the next time I go there, I am going to be adventures and try all the vegan flavors. This time I went home with the following flavors...s'mores (it was filled with chocolate, topped with marshmallow, and what I think is a graham cracker crumble) ,~ with the chocolate filling and chocolate donut, I think it was too much, and didnt enjoy the smores~ strawberry shortcake (white donut, filled with strawberry cream,topped with.whipped cream and slice strawberry) ~this was perfect! Not too sweet, and great strawberry flavor without it being too overpowering. Definitely going there again!!
2	I walked in and after speaking to some of the staff, I decided to buy a dozen of assorted doughnuts. Upon returning to the office, the one doughnut I tried was the "old fashioned cake," which she slipped in. The only thing I can say is it was definitely old. Like the three day rancid oil taste old. The only reason why I didn't only give 1 star was the staff seemed pleasant.
5	Awesome vibe (check out the bathroom!) and really great selection. I came for the vegan donuts and was not disappointed--I could not pick a favorite at gunpoint. I think the fritters were peach instead of apple. The apple pie stuffed donuts were the best, though I really enjoyed the plain vanilla bean thyme and the rosewater pistachio.My mom loved her breakfast turnover (think savory stuffed fried donut). They also had monte cristos which are hard to find.Also, I was leery with all the greasy donut comments but everything I ate was cloudy and wonderful. Even the leftovers which sat in a box for 8 hours. In summation: I will get a dozen from here for a birthday party but I will still be getting my office Ronald's donuts because of the price. Which, I didn't see any prices for a dozen, so there's that.
5	A "10" each 4 Mexican chocolate donut, cold coffee & superb friendliness.  Free street parking Sunday.  Go now, it's worth the drive!
1	Absolutely horrible.  Super greasy and expensive. Ordered six and couldn't take more than one bite from any of them.   The strawberry shortcake tasted like greasy crayola crayon. The bacon one was inedible and it squirted all over the place. Really heavy and disgusting. The cronut (half croissant/ half doughnut) was dry and the chocolate was not chocolate.  I think it came from a powdered mix. Super disappointing.
1	when this place 1st opened i was soo worried i would gain 100 lbs in a matter of months the donuts and coffee were soooo very delicious on my 1st visit...the more visits i made the more downhill the donuts have become.  the last few my co-worker and i tossed because they were not even edible.  so i am guessing its hit and miss?  only my experience has been they started out absolutely fabulous and went straight downhill from there-i haven't been back to see if we had hit bottom and our next few would improve....
4	I had the vegan chocolate donut, not because I'm vegan but because I  like vegan pastries. It was delicious! A little oily but delicious. I also had the Thai styled coffee, it was good but not out of this world. The service was great and the place is cute. I'll definitely be back
2	I really want to like this place. a) i enjoy supporting downtown establishments b) i love doughnuts c) both a & b. Unfortunately, I have had these doughnuts three times now and each time, the doughnuts are extremely oily. So much so that you can't taste the actual doughnut flavors. and the flavors they have are so interesting and delicious sounding. I am so sad that they are so oily. On the plus side, i got an iced latte in salted caramel that was very tasty. I probably won't ever have their doughnuts again though. Sorry...but for the money they charge per doughnut, i expect them to be as delicious as voodoo doughnuts in Portland.
5	I've been to this place twice with my wife and we really like their doughnuts and coffee. None of the doughnuts I've had here so far have been overly sweet. I never know what to order because all of their doughnuts look and taste great. They offer a vegan selection of doughnuts as well. I am lactose intolerant so it's nice that they have the choice of soy milk.
4	I've heard so many great things about this place so my sister and I went to downtown to try it out. I really liked the vibe in their. The gals were super nice! I ordered the cap n crunch, the maple bacon and the glazed with chocolate. The. Maple bacon was really good! I liked the cap'n crunch donut, but the pudding inside was too much, so I only ate the outside layer. The glazed chocolate with chocolate was good too, but the chocolate was too rich. However, their iced coffee was so good! I would return. :)
3	*Please note Saturday and Sunday they open at 9 AM not at 8 so don 't show up at 8 as you will be disappointed.* When they opened at 9 they seemed a little frazzled and unprepared for customers. It gave us a moment to gaze at the donut selections in the display case. When we were  finally helped we ordered an irish cream and a chocolate cinnamon with a coffee to share. Donuts were super soft (very fresh), the coffee is good (and I typically need a lot of cream and sugar but this doesn't need much help for flavor) and the branding is right on the money. A simple and recognizable logo on their merch does them well. Overall a hip little place but do be prepared for gourmet price (about $4 per fried dough sensation).
1	I really wanted to love this place...  I love supporting downtown and I love donuts! I was hoping this could be a reliable weekend donut spot.  Sadly, the donuts were SO greasy and left me feeling sick afterwards.  I was so excited to try all the varieties but the quality of the donut was so poor it didn't matter which kind I ordered.  (I ordered 3 to try a variety).  Looks like, I'll be continuing my allegiance to Ronald's and Pink Box...
5	Oh. My. God. Better than Pink Box! Tried the Lemon Rosemary donut, the apple fritter, and the apple- bacon fritter. All to die for! I would drive back to dtlv for these yummy delights and I'm not even a donut lover!
4	Delightful bacon maple cream filled donut.  Hubby liked his triple mocha, too.  I was less impressed with my oh-so small 'large' iced almond milk latte.  The sweet gal at the register (with the wonderful blue hair) was very friendly.  The gal making the coffees, not so much...she kept grumbling that it was time for her break.
5	I'm probably the wrong person to write a review here as I'm not really a doughnut guy. But, I was pleasantly pleased in spite of my general dislike for doughnuts.My buddy, who invited me along to check out this new place, had the key-lime doughnut and the bacon maple.  He said both were really good.  I had the Mexican chocolate - it had a good amount of chocolate and the filling was just heavy enough but not too greasy, very good!  My iced coffee was pretty straight forward and good.  Would have like to have tried a hot black coffee, but it was too hot.The two gals working there were friendly and helpful.  Overall decor was stylish and fun.  Will definitely go back if some out-of-towners say they're craving for some good doughnuts!
4	Named Best Coffee in Las Vegas by local magazines. I'm a fan of their vegan donuts. The PB&J is sweet but not overpowering, and has a nice touch of whole berries!
4	The donuts were out of this world.  Better than Voodoo Donuts.  Coffee was acceptable. Didn't feel like hanging around in the shop though, unfortunately there were multiple disheveled homeless folks hanging there, and the place is pretty cozy.Must try the donuts, take them to go.
5	After several trips to SF and acquiring fresh baked doughnuts, it's a real treat to be able to acquire gourmet doughnuts and great coffee in Downtown Las Vegas. Folks are gonna come from the strip just to get some. Hopefully they'll be open longer soon. Late night O Face would KILL it.
2	Disappointing. I wanted to like this place. I wanted their stuff to taste as good as it sounds when you read the menu, but unfortunately wanting didn't make it so. This place seems to be more concerned with cheeky hipster flavor ideas than with the actually quality/execution. While some of the toppings are reasonably tasty, the doughnuts themselves are dense, flavorless, and mind bogglingly greasy. Bummersville.
1	Let me first start by saying that I am not a huge Doughnut fan to begin with, but I know good food when I eat it and this would honestly be my last choice in where I go for doughnuts. I tried them once about a month ago and they were super greasy. I could literally see and taste the oil in the dough... not to mention the amount of oil left on my fingers. I thought maybe it was just a bad experience, but tried another one today and it was the same exact problem. I am no chef, but I can definitely cook and it appears the temperature of the oil is not high enough. I think they have some really good ideas of flavors and toppings, but if can't get your dough right, you have no business making doughnuts. Basically... fix your dough or you are not getting anymore of my dough.
3	OK-Face Doughnuts. Several of my friends told me about this place. My boyfriend and I went on an adventure and found ourselves there. I thought the place was going to be bigger, but it was really charming. The folks who work there were awesome and the t-shirts and logos were really cool. I ordered the bacon maple doughnut and my boyfriend tired a plain glazed one. I loved my doughnut bacon and maple go surprising well together and the cream filling wasn't too sweet. The plain doughnut was nothing we were used to, it tasted more like cake and it was a wee bit dry. We also ordered the cold brew, which was as good as any cold brew we've had. The organic bottled lemonade was plastic tasting and gross to me... and $4. The place over all was novel and a great place to take some tourists. To be honest I don't think I would ever go there again because the doughnuts aren't as good as Krispy Kreme, Winchell's or even the doughnuts you can get at the grocery stores.
4	Awesome little joint down town. I love cool unique foodie places like this. Got the famousMexican Doughnut- oh so good Horchata flavor cream filling inside was delish and the chocolate pearls on top add an awesome crunch.Vegan Rose water doughnut- this was my favorite who doesn't like the sound of rose water...so fancy and the doughnut it self was so good to top it off the salty pistachios on top was a perfect mix of sweet and salty.The lemon meringue was ok wished the doughnut was at least glazed.The apple bacon fritter was an awesome fritter not enough bacon or apple. Yes it was greasy but it was so yummy!Iced mocha was good nothing amazing but good.Everything cost $16 and it was worth it to me the people were super nice the shop was super cool. I love the cool packing and the detail they put into branding them self in their awesome boxes, cups and bags. Cool food deserves a cool packaging! Got try this place!Oh I know I put $2.50 for the bacon apple fritter but I'm not sure. Might have been more.
5	The Lemon Rosemary Curd doughnut was hands down the best doughnut I've ever tasted in my life. Great customer service and cute little shop downtown. It's a gem.
3	With a business name like O-Face I wanted to think of a clever line to start this review with. But to tell the truth it was either bad or explicit so let's cut to the chase.Located alongside Carson kitchen and the tattoo shop that escapes my memory on 6th and Carson. OFD which I'll use for this review is in the newly renovated baby blue and white building. The signage is small so just take a walk past and look in the glass windows, you'll see it.My first impression of the decor seems a little like the Simpsons, don't ask why, I think it's colour scheme that's has that cartoony vibe.I was a little hungry so I grab some of the savory donuts which were pretty good. The one filled with salmon would be a good recommendation.A lot of the donuts are quite nice, but to tell the truth. Most are what you can find at pink box or AL's Doughnut shop. The actual donut is a little chewer or softer than the other place though.I grabbed a Mocha as well, and I hate to say it, I wasn't impressed. It had a very bland or chemical taste to it and I ended up throwing it away. Tasted more like Starbucks pre made mocha heated up.Your able also to cater OFD, which maybe great if your downtown for an event. Check there Facebook page for more details. The donuts seemed good, a little run of the mill in terms of boutique donut businesses. The savory bites were something I would come back for.OverallService: 4-4Drink: 1-5Food: 3-5Coming back: Maybe
5	There's a new doughnut shop in town that's geared towards the younger crowd rather than law enforcement.  Such treats as bacon laced apple fritters and vegan choices abound.  There are a few that are, as they put it, savory donuts that are essentially pizza filled donuts, lox smoked salmon capers and cream cheese filled, and caprese roasted tomato basil & mozzarella.  Did not try one of these but can't wait to give the lox a spin next time.  The Vegan Rosewater was my favorite one.  It was delicate floral and not overbearing, more subtle of the ones we tried.  4.5/5S'more doughnut was an entire dessert.  Heavy.  It was a chocolate doughnut with a super rich chocolate filling and a white marshmallow puff cream that was slightly toasted on top with graham crumbles sprinkled over it.  4.5/5Lemon Rosemary meringue had a really good cream and a nice creamy topping with a blue berry in the center.  Loved this one. 4/5Maple Bacon was a standard maple cream filled that had chopped maple bacon on top.  Got this for the novelty and to finally try it.  Not impressed.  The doughnut bacon burps afterwards were really weird. 2/5My girls favorite pick & my second place was the Strawberry Shortcake.  Just as the name applies.  A glazed doughnut with strawberry preserve in the middle and fresh whipped cream on top.  So sweet and perfect!  5/5All the doughnuts were a bit greasier than say KK or DD but then again that's the difference when buying handmade from scratch with fresh toppings and supporting local.  It was great starting point to have a downtown Freemont st. adventure!
2	The donuts were very, very greasy and bland, although the decorations were pretty. Paid $14.50 for 6, probably because they were fancier than the plain ones. Had to pay to park to buy them as well. Downtown is annoying that way.
4	After eating one of their donuts, I, too, along with many others I assume also made our O-faces after realizing how great they are.Didn't get a chance to try any of the savory doughnuts, but will definitely keep y'all updated next time I do.I got the strawberry shortcake and captain crunch doughnuts.The strawberry shortcake doughnut was very sweet, almost too sweet but at the same time was very refreshing. The doughnut was very soft, like a pillow of sweet strawberry shortcake. For sure, would definitely recommend.The captain crunch doughnut tastes exactly as it sounds. It was good, but nothing special. Just a well made doughnut. If you're in the area and are kind of in the mood for a doughnut, I would stop by.
2	We picked up doughnuts for our staff on a few occasions. The first time they were delicious. It slowly went downhill from there. The last time we got doughnuts I ordered the strawberry shortcake since it was nice and light and delicious when I had it before. I was very disappointed when I bit into It and my mouth filled with grease. Needless to say I did not bother trying another bite as I lost my appetite. If they get back on top of their game they will be successful--- if they continue down the greasy path, I'm not so sure.
3	OOOOOO FACE...I wanted to fall in love with you.  So bad.  I dreamt about all the photos I saw. We went with the Nutella-Espresso (based on the employee's rec) and the Boston Cream.  It was salivating just watching them enter my mouth.  And then...mehhhh.  Fortunately, neither was too sweet, which is a good thing.  But not much flavor...at all.  The freshness was nice, but fresh doesn't go a long way if there's not much flavor.  I even wanted to send out a search party for the Vanilla beans in the boston cream filling...nowhere to be found.  Maybe they were there, but my taste buds couldn't find them.  I'm sure  other donuts are probably delicious...I hope.That cold brew coffee doe.  THAT is the stuff.
5	best thing downtown, and they have a local Seattle coffee. everything I've had so far has been great, and the employees are very friendly and knowledgeable.
3	Found this LV doughnut shop looking through LV Weekly.  It is located near downtown on 6th Street with a pretty non-descript entrance, so be on the look-out.We stop in on a Saturday morning...expecting a line but was pleasantly surprised to find a quiet shop.  The girl behind the counter was quick to say hello and what could she get us.  There is a small glass showcase with their available doughnuts.  I read several of the fellow Yelper reviews and have to agree with one common critique...they have a greasy quality to them.  I was a bit surprised and disappointed.I think the creativity of their flavors and the physical appearance of their doughnuts is wonderful.  We tried the glazed doughnut holes, Mexican and Maple Bacon.  I didn't care for the glaze on the doughnut holes...it was clumpy and had too much of a buttercream cake frosting taste.  The Mexican believe it or not was bland.  I would of expected with all the deep, rich flavors for it to REPRESENT but sadly no.  The bacon on the Maple Bacon tasted a little off...like too greasy and not crisp.  And of course, the cake of each seemed thick with grease.  There was a bit of aftertaste....no bueno.So, we came, we saw, we left.  Not sure we will return.  I think I like Pink Box better.  Plus, Vegas still has other yet explored donut shops for me to try!!!  :)
4	Stopped in this morning to pick up a box to celebrate a co-worker's donuts.  This little gem is yet another spot helping to revitalize downtown Las Vegas.  The space is small with not much availability for dining in but everything was super clean.  Only one girl was up front and she was doing everything from making coffee, to serving up donuts, to ringing out.  There was 3 others on staff in the back and from all appearances spent the majority of their time socializing.  This was a bit disappointing as she was clearly busy with a long line and trying to fill multiple job roles.  And the donuts?  I picked up a variety of fatty delights as well as a few Vegan wonders for my health nut boss.  Donuts are served from the trays leaving the display case to showcase their drool-worthy wares.  My son was with me so he picked out a Maple Bacon Filled donut & a Smores.  The Maple Bacon had a generous amount of bacon on top and was filled with a Maple ganache.  While tasty, the ganache was not maple enough to my liking or his.  The bacon offset this disappointment making for an otherwise delicious filled donut.  My selection of choice was the Mexican Hot Chocolate.  Filled with a Horchata ganache and covered in chocolate with a sprinkling of tiny caramel balls this masterpiece could make anyone a fan.  It was delicious.  As for the other donuts, they have been shared amongst co-workers and office staff with equally positive reviews.  We will be heading back to O Face Doughnuts when I get another donut craving or we have another birthday to celebrate.  Great downtown location, local business and delicious donuts made with quality ingredients all make for a winning review!  My cold brew was also on point!  If we could get the rest of the staff up to speed on good customer service and helping out a co-worker, this review would be 5 stars!
5	I am surprised O Face is not 5 stars across the board. Cute little interior, staff was super friendly and made some great suggestions.I thought they were very well priced, and impressed with their flavor selection. What made me the happiest, was that for the first time ever, I didn't feel sick after eating one of their doughnuts!! My gallbladder hates me for eating fried food, but I offered up a chocolate donut with fluffer nutter filling, topped with chocolate ganache and potato chips, and the intestinal Gods were in my favor! I don't *need* to be eating doughnuts, but next time I feel like indulging in one, it will be one of theirs...the key lime pie was calling my name!
5	Always great coming here, I hate to say but even better than voodoo in Portland. Not too sweet and not bland by any means at all!! Perfect!!
2	Finally was able to taste these treats, let me just say staff was awesome friendly and informative. The donuts looked great but the group that I was with and I were not digging these  "gems". We actually never finished any of them, very disappointed, and like some of the other reviews, wanted so much for it to be a go to spot. If I didn't pay so much for them I wouldn't post a review, but sense I did I'm just posting the groups opinion and myself. Best of luck
5	It's sorta not fair for me to review this place. Why? because I freaking love it so much! Ok. The staff is so cool but more importantly, they're happy to be there. That's huge because being a leftist progressive liberal that means they're being treated well as employees which plays a huge part in where I spend my money. The shop itself is perfectly designed. It's hip but doesn't come off as hipster (i loathe hipster fake chic). The t-shirt rack is a must. Ok. The donuts. Have you ever died? If so you're about to be born again like a fat lady on a Sunday at First AME! You want to believe there is a greater spirit? Girl, get you a peanut butter with chips donut! Hallelujah and Mazel Tov! The berry donuts are all good. Very good. The Mexican chocolate, well as Bud Bundy would say, "yum yum give me some!" They have stuff for people with that Elizabeth Hasselback disease. No not stupidity, that business where you can't eat anything fun. My boss has that and she's always happy with the whatever that is free selection. They have stuff for vegans but I don't really care. Vegans bug me. I say give me a bic lighter, a fork, a slow pig and I've got dinner. But I digress. They've also got delish meat savory donuts. Omg if only they figured out how to justify gravy and donuts I'd have my next coronary episode right there. Seriously.
4	I must admit, pinkbox definitely has some competition. I drove all the way from the silverado ranch area where there's a pink box nearby and it's worth the trip.
2	I was not please with this little donut shop they are pretty pricey. I got 5 donuts and halfOf my donuts were not cook all the way they all had a very weird taste to them.
5	Yep. Just yep. Do yourself a favor and visit this place numerous times. Both savory and sweet will knock your socks off. Vegetarian- mozzarella basil balsamic donut is perfection Vegan options are always on point! Icing on the cake (or donut) the iced coffee & bathroom wallpaper :) & super nice owner.
5	Lets just start off by saying I don't even like donuts! But I do love peanut butter and jelly anything! So I was intrigued by the peanut butter and jelly donut . I just had to try it. It was the best donut I ever had in my life ! Then I had the s'mores donut ... Second best donut I've had in my life . Now  I am a O Faced Donut lover ! Employees were nice and welcoming so that's a plus. So that's why I am giving them 5 stars. Because I am now a donut lover but only if they're from O Faced lol .
3	A-Ok! Fun donut recipes like s'mores and bacon donuts. I found the donuts to be a bit on the greasy side though.
5	Cold brew coffee is killer! Amazing donuts if you're in downtown
5	Yay for savory donuts.  I stopped by on the way home from the dog park today and couldn't be happier.  I'm not a huge or daring donut fan.  I got a breakfast sandwich in a donut (cheese, bacon, egg) and it was great.  It was packed in a small paper bag and when I got home - no grease marks,  I also got a selection of donuts, the sweet ones, that looked tasty.  They were all tasty.  Also got a latte that was fine.  Everyone in the shop was very nice and service was perfect.  I didn't experience anything the negative reviewers did and everything the positive reviewers noted.  I'll stop in again no doubt and will update this review if anything changes.
3	As the name suggests I should have made the O face after eating these doughnuts. Well that didn't happen let's say I was content with the experience. It started off like most journeys to the O with someone new,it was awkward. The manger/owner was rude and a bit brash but not just to us mainly to her employee. Poor guy, we stood there and watched her belittle him, we did what we could to make him feel better about his doughnut descriptions. When the owner saw we were buying a dozen her tone changed and she became kinder to us, no luck for her employee though. Anyway back to doughnuts they looked good on the outside and lured us in with their fancy descriptions and exotic flavors. We knew we were going all the way. They lacked the complexity I needed and was a bit boring. The standouts were the pumpkin toffee which was a topping on one of the doughnuts and the Nutella cappuccino creme. I was satisfied enough that I would come back but I can't say it was the best I ever had.
1	The donuts are not good at all in my option. They taste like grease. The toppings are good but they can't mask the bad flavor and the grease that doesn't seem to leave after the first bite. We ended up throwing the box away it was so bad. The staff isn't the most pleasant either. They are a bit to snotty and make you feel like you should be honored to even be in here.
4	I'm not a donut fan, but the ones here are pretty phenomenal: unique combinations that remind me of VooDoo Donuts in PDX. These have more focus on flavor though, which is good. BF is the world's hugest donut fan, and a quick weekend morning stop here ensures I stay in his good graces.Bacon-Maple is my stand-by but they run out fast.Recently tried the blueberry-pomegranate, which doesn't taste anything like pomegranate but is pretty damn good. I'm less a fan of their super-sugary creations, but tried a caramel-corn-and-Nutter-Butter concoction that was surprisingly tasty. Every donut place worth it's sugar also offers coffee, and this place is no exception: the iced chai goes well with just about everything offered here, but they also have espressos, capps, and Americanos as well, available hot or iced.Service is friendly and staff have no problem talking through the menu and making several recommendations. Recommend going off peak hours to get the full service discussing seasonal options and coffee pairings rather than just pointing and boxing your order in a rush.
4	I haven't gone anywhere else for donuts since my first visit. Definitely coming back, even if I have to drive 24 miles from home.
5	I am so happy to have had an awesome VEGAN donut! I completely recommend this place for a vegan treat!
5	I can't even..... But seriously holy doughnuts holes! This  place is awesome! They have some super creative flavor combinations, that will blow your mind. I tried the potato chip chocolate nutter butter, and the lemon rosemary blackberry something..... I don't know, but it changed the way I look at doughnuts. Not to mention the little shop is adorable inside!
5	Life isBeautiful . And these donuts sure didn't hurt!  We enjoyed the rose water pistachio donuts with coffee throughout Phantogram and kept us energized for the rest of that eve
4	Each year we head to Vegas for the NHRA finals. This year we decided to stay on Fremont, because well it was Halloween weekend. After a week of food that had just been "meh" our first stop in Vegas was a evening bite to eat. While I was not impressed with that stop, it led to us wandering by O-Face. Saturday morning we stopped in and it was after 8am, which in Reno means all the good doughnuts are gone. Was pleased to see full trays and backups! Tons of great looking combinations but we settled on few, an early grey chocolate with a ganache, key lime, lemon with Rose water, butterfinger and an Irish chocolate. all were cooked well, none had the "greasy" feeling you can often get with doughnuts.flavors were pronounced without being overpowering. I loved the key lime, but the one that surprised me was the Lemon with Rosewater.  Staff was friendly and helpful. Brewed a fresh french press for me and found us when we had wandered out back to explore. Glad we found the place it was the favorite by all out of every stop in the four days!
3	Seems like every doughnut is hit or miss. Some will be great, and some will be mediocre at best. And they are just way too pricey. I got four doughnuts and it was between $8 and $9.
5	The service was great - staff very friendly Chocolate donut with peanut butter filling topped with potato  chips OMG !!! This is a must go to spot for the most picky donut lover !!
1	Doughnuts were dry and tasteless...I'm glad I had coffee to wash it down.  Hopefully better next time....if there is a next time.
3	Good doughnuts, great service. Wish the flavours were more pronounced when it came to things like the *rose* pistachio or the *maple* bacon. Those were the strong flavours that I was looking for. But definitely imaginative.
5	Amazing selection of unique donuts, Mexican and the bacon were my favorite :)
4	Hit this up on a weekday holiday morning whilst in town. Cool options, mix-ups and selections - the fried cake donuts were particularly delish. The cold brew coffee is not to be missed - just remember to request no ice so it is not all diluted by chip ice :(  The staff were really helpful and pointed us toward a few favorites that we would have passed by. Great little to-go box and a neat backyard patio shared with neighbor establishments.
4	I wanted donuts for my birthday! We decided to get a dozen to eat ourselves and pass around to friends at a cigar shop we hang out at. I guess it's cool to have chaulkboard menus so you know what kind they all had to offer, but I suppose I'm a visual person and kept looking at the donut display which do not have labels. I also figured it was easier after my top 3 were all sold out to just go with what is on the plates. The girl was patient with my indecisiveness and my questions on the flavors. The cool thing is there's something for everyone- Classics, interesting flavor combos, even vegan and gluten free items! I tried quite a bit of flavors - I probably ate most of the dozen. There wasn't a bad one, but some were just fine for me and a few really stood out as wonderful.Here's my top three - Maple bacon - I like the cream maple filling, though there wasn't much bacon on mine/bacon flavor. It all fell off so the glaze needed to be hotter to stick.Good thing the vegan didn't want a donut because the bacon on this went to touch the vegan donut choices. SHH. Rosewater pistachio - I love rose and this was very delicately rose. I really liked this. BTW, this is a vegan selection.Carrot cake - WANT MORE. I'm not usually a cake donut fan, but I love carrot cake so I gave it a whirl. I love the fact that the outside got crispy, and inside was moist and soft and not as dense as some other shops cake donuts. I hope these are at least semi regular because I need to get a dozen of these. I have one love/hate with this place is the packaging. It's really cute. I love the bright color, the donut cartoon and the fact its a solid box to withstand my clumsiness. The thing is to jam a dozen donuts in there ruins the donut presentation. WHY?! To make them fit, they were leaned against each other at a angle. I opened and some of the frosting/jelly/garnish was stuck on the top and bigger donuts were slightly smashed down.  Now I know better - if getting donuts to give to others, to ask for 2 boxes instead so donuts can lay flat.  I like the donuts and the girl was super sweet so I'll be back.
4	I love donuts no matter how you spell them and O Face Doughnuts delivers.  Their staff is super friendly and the donuts are great.  I got the Maple Bacon w/ Maple Mascarpone one and it literally was one that needed a fork and knife. So great and if you're a donut lover, check this place out!
5	AMAZING YOUNG HIP CUSTOMER SERVICE!  Love the clerk asked me if I was wearing Nag Champa!  I was just gonna order two Captin Crunch donuts but something told me try the chocolate one with potato chips!  OMG OMG OMG!  Worth every single calorie!
4	The craft donuts are great but I'm stuck on the cold brewed coffee served from tap.  Wow!  I must say it's wonderful.  The service is great and friendly.  If you're in the area give them a chance.
3	I received a box of these as a gift, from a client.  The client was a man, I feel like that's why it included the choices it did...(mostly sweet/savory.  I am the sweet/decadent type) bacon topped-which since I do not eat pork I cannot review.  There was one with potato chips I think it had peanut butter inside and the donut was chocolate.  It was pretty good, but I am not much of a chocolate fan so I think I would have liked it more if it were vanilla.  There was a really good one that must have been lemon meringue with blackberry..NOW we're talking!  I also liked the glazed.  I feel bad only giving 3 stars, I am sure if I had a variety more suited to my personal tastes I would have rated them much higher.  And judging by the other reviews, they are pretty awesome!  I would definitely pay them a visit next time I am downtown and get something I know I would enjoy.  Ps.  I did not actually eat ALL these donuts!  I ate a bit of each.
5	I'm not a big sweet tooth perso- but this donuts shop made me had foodgasm so many times!!!! Definitely will come back!!!!!!
4	On the real this might be my favorite doughnut spot in Vegas with dope ass flavors. Granted I am rarely up when doughnuts are the freshest and spots are open however I was introduced to this spot by some one bringing in a dozen to the office. My first impression was "god damn this is greasy" but in a good way. I decided to check the shop as I saw they got the maple bacon doughnuts. Now my spot in LA is SK doughnuts on 3rd but not only are the doughnuts delicioso but their coffee is as well.I got a Iced Mocha Coffee which came with a glazed doughnut via a card that I had and then I bought the maple bacon.The Mocha Coffee was made with dark chocolate which gave it that sweet bitter flavor that I love.The glazed donought was cool but the Maple Bacon is legit. Threw that shit in the wave for 15 seconds not realizing the inside was sizzling with god knows wtf was in it. It was buttery, salty, sweet and savory but good none the less. Staff was cool the only thing stopping me is that they don't have consistently fresh doughnuts throughout the day but other than that check this dope spot out as imo its worth it.
5	Deeelish! Fresh and so flavorful. And the customer service was great! They took the time to explain the ingredients and the signature donuts. Very happy with the product.
5	Located a bit off of the Fremont Street, downtown, in a hipster area, O Face Doughnuts is a culinary delight in terms of doughnuts. The flavor combinations are exciting and inventive, even more so than the other fancy doughnut spots I've patronized. They take their recipes to the next level, here. I am reminded of recipes from Dynamo Donuts in SF, Sidecar in the OC, and the now defunt Glazed Donut Bistro in Weho. I had a Vegan berry thyme donut and it was amazing. The filling was complex, the raised donut was simple, and it all worked together really well. We also tried the apple bacon fritter which functioned as a deliciously dense and filling breakfast pastry.
5	What's not to like about a half dozen gourmet donuts for $11? It's the holidays, treat your family and friends to some fried dough!
2	Ah, bummer. We didn't love it.  I told Mr R, "I think I just found a place on Yelp that's the Voodoo Donuts of the West!"  Mr R reminded me that Portland is also in the west, but we were excited to try a new donut place. Not as good as we imagined. We got a chocolate peppermint combo and a chocolate peanut butter combo.  The fillings and toppings were good. Even if the fillings just kind of creepily ooze out of the donut for about 3 minutes. But the donuts themselves were kind of dry and bland. More like muffins - or that dark brown molasses bread you get at Black Angus (I wish I were joking).  Just not sweet or donut-like. We didn't love it and even finish them. Cute name for a donut shop, cute little storefront, great location, but not great donuts.
2	If you are going to make doughnuts, don't f them up. All the doughnuts were dry. The kids didn't even like them. That's no Bueno. Coffee was meh. I had the maple bacon, supposedly voted best doughnut in Vegas. Who's voting on this??? Must have been John "O-Face" Maguilicutty. It got two stars because the brand is well put together-name, slogan, design. Also, staff seemed into the concept. Worth the trip: Nope.
5	Three options for gluten-less donuts.  Cafe Vita coffee.  Vegan options.  I love this place.  Owner was helpful and thoughtful.  We will be back.  Delish!
