1	I am very sorry to write a bad review of this place. But it just wasn't good.Oysters were old with shell pieces in them. The roast duck and  pork were also not fresh. I have heart burn and indegestion from eating there.This was one of my favorite cheap restaurants I could count on and visited on almost every trip. Still the same waiters but the food sucked.
2	on our first night in montreal, we were looking for a place to eat.  since the pho place across the street only accepted cash, we had to look elsewhere as we didn't exchange our money.  this place seemed decent and accepted credit cards.  at first glance, the place looked pretty authentic but i quickly noticed that majority of the patrons were not Asian.  Nevertheless, we were hungry so we gave it a shot. we decided to get individual dishes since it was just the two of us and family style would've been too much food.  i got the wonton mein while my husband ordered the roast duck lo mein.  they then told us that they were out of roast duck so he got the chicken lo mein.  the food came pretty fast. my wonton mein was in a smaller bowl than i expected.  i usually get a much bigger portion but that's at other restaurants in Boston, SF, and NYC.  my husband's lo mein looked okay but i noticed that he kept adding soy sauce and hot sauce to it, and he barely touched it when i was done.  my wonton noodles were good, the broth was tasty but the wontons looked a bit undercooked.  since i'm pregnant, i have to be careful so i just ate the noodles and left the wontons.  afterwards, i asked my husband about his dish since he didn't get it wrapped up.  he said there was no taste, the noodles and chicken were slimy, plus there were no veggies in the dish.  he was very disappointed and hungry in the end.
3	I had BBQ pork and BBQ spare ribs over rice....not bad...you really can not mess this plate much....good and quick....Cheap...good value...
3	This place was okay. It was a bit empty and it is touristy. I ordered the roast pork and noodles. It was good. About the same as any other Chinese restaurant.
1	This place has the worst Chinese food in town. You can actually taste the poor quality of ingredients they use. The sause base was horrible (clumps of starch in the sauce) and the shrimps were clearly expired and way too chewy. On the wall is a discoloured (purple?) and low resolution print of what is supposed to be a typical Chinese landscape painting. It actually does more harm than good to the atmosphere, and is somewhat of an insult to the painting itself. The waiters there were very rude. Being Chinese myself, I'm accustomed to the usual poor service you get from Chinese restaurants. I didn't expect them to greet me with a smile or anything, but the waiters here actually make an effort to ignore you. This place takes bad service to the next level.I highly discourage going to this place. There are plenty of other good Chinese restaurants just down the road.
4	Food was delicious, despite the ambiance. It had good flavour, authenticity to Cantonese style food. WIll come again. THank you for the lovely evening.
4	Came in town and surprisingly visit this restaurant consecutively for lunch. Their fried rice is super- one of the best fried rice I had. You cannot make this have home because it involves the pot, gas fire, and other secret ingredients. This is a meat restaurant (they sell BBQ pork, chicken, duck..., no surprise since this is a HK restaurant) so their meat dishes are pretty good with portions and taste. Their veggies are soso though. However, I would love to come back any time for their dishes with such an affordable price! (~$8 per dish!) Their service is good and quick as well! (less than 10 mins and your dishes start coming)
5	This place is amazing! Food very fresh and flavorful! Service awesome! Love this place!
4	Pretty standard Chinese food menu... we ordered hot & sour soup,  Tom yum soup (spicy!),  Thai fried rice, ma po tofu, an eggplant & pork dish (w/o the pork), and a red sauce chicken dish. Not sure what was Thai about the fried rice but enjoyed everything nonetheless. The food came out quickly! The place is spacious and it was nice practictically having the whole place to ourselves. Service was excellent. The waiter (owner? ) was happy to accommodate our requests and modifications and even had a nice sense of humor!
2	Second time eating Chinese in Montreal. Second time underwhelmed.  We passed up what turned out to be the top-rated Vietnamese in town to go a few doors down to sup at this place which was...really just average. Not bad, not great. Didn't puke it up later. That counts.
1	Don't eat here or order from here! Believe me, I've done both and both have left me disappointed.A couple of months ago I went here with friends. The food was alright, but underwhelming. The service, on the other hand, was pretty bad. We were pretty much the only people there (probably because everyone else knew to stay away) and when we sat down, we were given 3 menus for our 5 person table. Service throughout the entire experience was just terrible, and I wish I could remember more specifics.Fast-Forward to Saturday. At 10pm I ordered food through just-eat.ca and my order was accepted for 11pm delivery (the restaurant has to accept the order). Note that the restaurant closes at 11pm but that shouldn't be an issue because they accepted the order and are set up on just-eat to accept orders until 10:05 to allow for their 55 minute delivery time. I waited until 11:30; my food NEVER CAME. They did not call me or anything to say they weren't going to do my order. Although, the order was removed from my just-eat account without me even calling them, I'm still waiting for it to be removed from my pending transactions on my bank account. This is clearly the worst delivery experience I've ever had in this city because my food never even got delivered. Don't order from here.
