1	If you can go elsewhere, please do. Pertinent detail: I am taking care of my friend's car for him while he is out of state for the month. While in my possession, someone went up my block smashing out car windows for fun. My friend (the car's owner) made an appointment for noon today to have the back windshield replaced. I checked in at 11:45. The woman at the front desk was having trouble with the computer, so she couldn't see my name, but saw there was a 12:00 glass appointment and she said "That must be you!" I confirmed that it would take about two hours, handed over the keys, and went to the waiting area to get in some reading. Around 1:45, a tech came over and asked if I'd been helped. I said that I'd checked in two hours ago. He conveyed that he thought it was a drop-off and would pull the car around and get started. SUPER! I would love to sit there for two more hours. About an hour later, the guy comes back and hands me a set of keys. I inform him they're not mine. He seems confused. "You're the Saturn, right?" "Yes, the silver one with the back window smashed out.""Not the blue one I just pulled around?""No."The tech goes off to find out what happened. He comes back to say that their call center has no record of an appointment there or at the east side location. My response was, "So, there was coincidentally ANOTHER 12 o'clock glass appointment?" He admitted there wasn't. I expressed that I understood things happen and things get mixed up, but what I didn't understand is why no one came to tell me that my car wasn't getting worked on (even if the tech was out of the loop, the person I checked in with knew I was waiting -- shouldn't it have clicked that no one came to retrieve the keys from her?)The tech and the front desk woman left again to try to figure out what happened. About ten minutes later, another tech came over and explained that whoever entered the appointment (so, the appointment that didn't exist did, in fact, exist) put it in as a front windshield repair. Abra didn't have the glass, and there was no glass in town for them to go get. He also explained that corporate would be calling the shop to talk to me and I could yell at them if I'd like and try to cut a deal. At least he was honest.After about twenty minutes, there was still no call, so I went up to the desk. I told them to just call the owner, since it was his car, his money, and his insurance. I didn't see the point in yelling at someone over the phone (they didn't make the mistakes, why ruin that person's day?), and I knew yelling at the people there would also get me nowhere. While waiting, another customer came in angry because this was the second time they'd tried to get their car, but the problem was still there. You could hear it rattling outside, and it was smoking. She was irritated that they still hadn't fixed it, and outraged they didn't bother to make sure it was running correctly before having her come down to pick it up. One of the Abra agents claimed he had test-driven it that morning and that it had run fine, but the car was noisy and smoking before she had even gotten out of the parking lot. I'm kind of doubting the test drive happened. Also peeving is that the agent's response was "well, sometimes these things happen" - didn't really apologize, and didn't seem at all concerned with trying to make the customer happy. I felt like I was treated the same way - they didn't seem particularly sorry or concerned that I'd spent nearly four hours there with nothing to show for it. I tried to be civil and courteous even though I had every right to be angry, and it would have been nice if anyone had actually acted like they felt bad instead of just shrugging it off like "oops! oh well!". I unfortunately have to go back because that's where my friend's insurance will pay, but if I had a choice in the matter, I'd most definitely take my business elsewhere.***UPDATE***Another appointment was set for today, drop off when they opened, and supposed to be done at lunchtime so I could have someone drive me over to pick it up. Again, they screwed up and didn't get it until four. My ride didn't have all day (literally), so I went in with my car to pick up the keys but had to leave my friend's car there - and there it will sit until I can get back over there. Why say you can have it done by noon(ish) when you can't? So, so obnoxious.
5	I brought in my smashed up car and they fixed it and made it look like new.  I mean it looked like a brand new car. They even cleaned it so well that it looked like it had been detailed.  I have taken my cars to many auto body shops and no one has done as good of a job as these guys.I live in California now but I'd be tempted to have a car towed all the way back there if I ever needed serious repair.  These guys are like miracle workers.
4	I worked with Abra Auto Body on fixing my car after filing a claim with AAA. I had an absolute pleasure working with them for many reasons: they daily updated me on the status of work on my car (so never did I have to wonder on what is going on), they did an absolutely quality work on fixing all the damages and they did it on time! Very pleasant customer service and I highly recommed this place!
3	I give this auto shop a beautiful 5-star rating for doing a beautiful job on my significant others' bumper and left headlight of the car. The job was flawless, paint matches and it looks good as new - thank you for the amazing job! Before picking Abra we were really hesitant as all the reviews weren't the best. We're very happy with the work Abra did.The customer service was great - friendly staff, and love the day-to-day update on the progress which was very good to be updated.. However, this is also the reason being for my 3-star rating. Their Customer Service Manager/Estimator is beyond ridiculous with how 'professional'  she handles Abra's customers. She handled the claim and kept in touch with the updates on a daily basis with text and phone calls. Last day of getting the work finalized  - picked up the car and closed the claim with a finished job. A day later, at 11:30 PM late at night the we receive a text message from her personal number non-work related. Using customer personal information from work, for her outside personal life late at night when it's not work related is irrelevant, unprofessional and unethical, none of us appreciated it. Again, the body shop itself did an amazing work we cannot thank enough for.
5	Great experience with Abra Auto Body! The check-in experience was smooth and very informative. I've never had auto body work done so I was unsure of what to expect. They made it comfortable and enjoyable. I was informed daily of the status and they had the car 1 day earlier than expected! That is a 20% improvement! They were great with follow up and I felt in control of the entire experience. Highly recommended!
1	Don't take your car here. Had my windshield replaced and some body work done. The body work was ok. The windshield replacement was a total unprofessional install. When I go over 40 mph it starts to whistle in the inside of the car. So it was not sealed properly or put in properly. Will be heading back to see if they can do it right for a second time. Please don't let your insurance company talk you into using them. They are supposed to be the glass specialist don't understand what happen.
4	Brought my car in for a simple repair and they were able to fix it in 5 minutes at no charge. I'm glad they are doing something for the community. The rep and mechanic were both very nice and helpful.
