3	For what this place tries to do, it does it pretty well.  A laid back, beachy, surfer, baja style bar with broiled/grilled foods with cheap beer.I find that on days when I am working on a big project around the house, getting all hot and dirty, I seem to gravitate here (maybe two or three times per year).   The food is average, but messy and filling so it makes up for the quality.     The beer is cheap and cold.  I saw that during happy hour they had $8 pitchers of domestic beers.So when you are dirty and tired this place is fine for a quick meal and a few cold beers.I
3	Chuy's is a chain and there is nothing surprising about it, it is cheap and decent mexican food. This particular loaction has a great staff. They are always friendly and chatty. Things that are cool~They give you a stuffed animal instead of a number. That just cracks me up, so instead of the runner looking for number 23, he looks for the purple crocodile haha. They have a salsa bar, the tomatillo and pico are both pretty tasty. They don't put lard in their beans (eat up).The fish skewers and shrimp fajitas rock.Matthew K. may be there all hot and dirty
3	***Chain Alert***This place is a chain, but it is a decent meal.  Yes, it is slightly over priced and the food isn't the greatest.  The atmosphere is a cross between Rubios and Joe's Crab Shack and the service is compareable as well.I ordered the Fried Whitefish Tacos (see pics) and I got a little chips and salsa from the salsa bar. Here's how the meal panned out:The tacos were Great!  The baja sauce was not the typical white sauce.  It looked more like "Fry Sauce" (if you're from Utah) but it tasted great.  I mixed it with a tablespoon of their Red Hot Sauce.  The beans were unmashed pintos which i prefer over everything except whole black beans. They were decent nothing great I mixed in a bit of pico de gallo to flavor them up a bit. The rice was horrid.  I hate to say it, but you know those grains of rice that aren't cooked?  The hard ones that break your teeth from the outside in? Yeah. Those were randomly encountered during consumption.  Not a pleasant experience. The portions were small but I didn't complain because the tacos were actually pretty good! They were crispy and you could tell they were battered and fried to order. Surprising!The salsa bar was mediocre.  The Red Hot sauce was more vinigarry (word?) than deliciously hot, and the Pico De Gallo was made from canned tomatoes.  The chips were so old that by the time I got to them they were broken shards of their former selves. Pity, I was looking for a good chip pig out.The service was very good.  The first waitress told me to seat myself and to come up and order at my convenience.  When I did, another waitress took my order promptly.  The wait wasn't long, it was about 5 minutes from ordering to receiving my food.  The tables were quickly cleaned and everyone seemed happy (the customers and the employees)  It was a very comfortable and pleasant setting.Overall, this restaurant has the 'Meh' effect.  I didn't hate it, but I don't think I'd be back.Constructive Criticism:1. Add some order to the ordering process.  I was a little confused on where (and when) to order2. Get rid of the stuffed animal order numbers.  Something about greasy food and fluffy animals says more of "bacteria" than it does "uniqueness"
4	If you're like me, you go to Chuy's for:-cold Dos Equis on tap.-tortilla soup when you're feeling under the weather.-free salsa and tortilla chips.Overall, I enjoy this place quite a bit, especially since it's only a mile or so from my house. If there's one thing on the menu to avoid, it's the burgers...they're often overcooked, and I find it odd that the cheese for cheeseburgers is served shredded and on the side.
4	I've been eating at Chuy's for years - ever since my college days in Tucson. This place is cheap and cheerful - what more could you want? The food is good (I love the California Taco's), the margarita's are fabulous (I love the strawberry one's and the regular one's are so strong they make me sweat!) and it's pretty family friendly. They have great happy hour specials during the week and a full bar.You can feed 2 people for under $20 bucks and that includes a pitcher or beer AND margarita's. They have free chips, a salsa bar, and an ice cream dispensing machine to boot.I've used Chuy's to cater corporate lunches before and it's a great deal if you need a lot of food to feed a group with a small budget. The only problem I've ever had with catering is that they forgot to give me my guacamole 3 times in a row...so check your catering order before you leave to make sure you have everything.
3	Oh how I love a cheap pitcher of margaritas.  Then they hand you a stuffed animal to mark your table! What an interesting touch :)  Their complimentary "chips and salsa" bar is great as well!Their mesquite fish salad was actually quite memorable.  Their bean & cheese tostada even more memorable (lard free beans too! - lard is such a disgusting word.)I could do without waiting in line at the counter for a drink refills, but hey, it's all part of the experience!
4	Chuy's is one of those places that doesn't quite qualify as a dive bar/restaurant, but is close enough to count.  I like Chuy's.  It's like a mini-vacation every time you go.  Part beach bar, part pseudo-tiki (any place that has thatch palm fronds above the bar gets a star in my book!), you'll feel like you're on a beach somewhere every time you visit.  It's nice to have one within walking distance to the office, to allow for a little exercise to and from and still have a good meal.  Their prices are reasonable.  I've been struggling to find a lunch under $10 these days, and the Tri-tip sandwich and an iced tea will set you back a ten spot and some change.  The food is good, did I mention that?  The staff is friendly, and they finally did away with the cheap-o' paper towels and put real napkin dispensers on each table...FTW!  There's an unlimited chips and salsa bar, I like the cabo sauce the best for my chips.  I always add a little Baja sauce; you have to ask for it at the counter, to whatever I'm enjoying.  Today it happened to be the Tri-tip sandwich.  I give it 4 out of 5 stars because even though they have to-go cups, this is Phoenix.  It is 108* outside and the full glass of iced tea I left the restaurant with was gone by the time I got back to the office.  There should be a City-wide ordinance that all restaurants must supply patrons with at least a 32 oz. to-go cup during working hours.  All right, I confess that might be a little much.  The only down-side to Chuy's at lunch I've found so far is having to go back to work afterwards and not being able to enjoy a Corona with my lunch.  That's okay though, it just one more reason to go back.
3	Cheap beer great chicken and pork. They have a great $2 menu that is avalible all week including weekends. The pork here is great and so is the chicken. I would not go with the steak. Free chips and salsa, you cant beat that and you get your own so no waiting for the busy waitress to get them for you. Great margaritas and the beer is cheap. This is a great place to go and get a good for the money meal and a drink. Try the Baja Sticks!
3	Why the hell does everyone have stuffed animals?!Apparently, they give you a stuffed animal after taking your order so when you're seated, they know what table to deliver the food to. I thought it was a just a nice gesture so I said 'No thanks' to the dirty stuffed animal. Then I wondered why the food never came.Chuy's reminds me of the surf n' turf taco shops by the beach. I like the meat and seafood options and especially the smell of grilled food but the flavor could use a lot more spice. The menu was expansive and offered a lot. Too much to list and I think they even have fried chicken? Weird. I ordered the Broiled Whitefish Taco Platter ($6) with a side of Shrimp Skewers ($4). The shrimp skewer was awesome, sprinkled some lemon juice on it with some hot sauce and that was a better meal than my taco platter. The fish didn't taste 'fresh" and I'm not exactly sure what whitefish is either. The rice and beans were standard. The cabbage salad could use some help. It was chopped cabbage with a vinaigrette. I was not impressed by Chuy's but I could go there again. It's a safe option, maybe next time I should try their $2 margaritas that they serve all day, every day. Now we're talking!
5	Is this a gourmet restaurant? No, it's a bit of a dive. Is this my own personal cafeteria? Yes. I live here, I spend so much money in this store that my Quicken thinks Chuy's is a bill.Chuy's keeps me nourished with grilled fish and meats, healthy beans, all-you-can eat chips and the best mild pico de gallo this side of the Border. Throw in cheap margaritas, nightly meal specials and the AWESOME friendly staff and it's easy to see how Chuy's maintains loyalty with its devoted fans. At $20 for drinks and dinner for two, I will weep buckets of tears if Chuy's ever goes away. My only complaint is they really could use an overhaul on the bathroom, it's just a wee bit dumpy.
3	This isn't a restaurant that is going to impress anyone, and it is part of a chain, but it is reasonably priced and delivers reasonable food--not a bad place to grab something to eat.I find the grilled chicken salad a good eat, though I normally go for the half size to skip the grilled tortilla bowl (never have liked those much).  I also like the beef or chicken sandwiches.
2	I had the California tacos. The salsa was really good, but the tacos were sub-par. There are too many other good restaurants in the area to waste your time here.
5	Update MAY 5 2011:OH CHUY'S, HOW I WILL MISS THEE!!Unfortunately for society as a whole, Chuy's didn't pay the rent and they've been closed down.  I tried to go 2 days ago and there's a sign on the door talking about a Landlord's Lien for non-payment of rent.Oh well, time to head to Two Hippies instead. They do nice Taco's too.------------------Cheap Eats, Free Chips and Salsa, good $2 margheritas all day and night!  Did I mention cheap? My wife and I can usually eat well and both have a drink or two for less than $20 including a tip during happy hour.I love this place - This is how a chain should be! Tasty food, feels local even though it's not and a staff that takes care of you without ever being in your face.My heart has fallen hard for the broiled mesquite fish Tacos, or the chicken tacos. The broiled fish tacos are the best I've had anywhere. I generally stay away from the steak dishes because they aren't as good but I don't hold that against them. It's just that Baja California food is best served as fish or chicken, 'nuff said.Here's a tip - If you don't like the rice they serve on a combo plate then you can usually substitute in an extra protion of beans or cabbage salad instead to keep it low carb.
4	I popped in mid week and had the $4 pitcher of margaritas which equals about 2 glasses becauses its filled with ice. They very good. Also had the original wings and they were pretty good for being on the small side for $5 during happy hour.  Th sauce has a tiny bite of heat and the wings are crispy just like I want them.It seemed to me that the place could be a great hang out.  And apparrently a few people have made it to the status of regulars and are known and acknowledged upon arrival and departure. The mesquite chicken smell draws you in from outside.
3	I was dying for some Mexican food. Unfortunately I am surrounded by nothing remotely yummy enough. So I get my #1 to jump in the car with me for a scavenger hunt of yumminess (yes that is a word ;) We drive up north because of a review about "life changing" tacos. Alas, we could not find the darn place even though Google maps assured me I was on top of it!!! Frustrated but not defeated we jump on the freeway and head back to the old stomping grounds (cenPho). As always we somehow manage not only to find a place, but a GREAT place!!! So upon walking in, I felt like I should be in Cali.. The psycho colors and trinkets all over are awesome.!! Now to the food. I got the mahi tacos and #1 got the steak burro. We shared the shrimp skewer and I got a marg! Kids this stuff is no joke. It's so yummy! And the prices are ridiculously low. To top off all the wonderfulness (yes it's a word also ;) of this place ( the great food. cartoonish atmosphere. Service with a smile. Salsa bar. Endless chips.... I got a free Teddy bear! Well bunny actually !!! His name is Don Julio De Cervantes (see pictures) and is quite the cutie pie!Go grab some grub. You will not be disappointed, I promise. This is one of those places where you want to try everything on the menu.Enjoy!Xoxo
4	Awesome meals, especially for the price. I was raving about that the entire meal. And I think I was a fan of the margaritas. I really couldn't remember or drive home.
5	Chuy's is kind of divey but it's cheap and the food is excellent.  The margaritas are not bad either :)  I love the salsa bar, which offers you a variety of salsas and spices to put on your chips.  I also like that, though you order at the counter, the servers still bring your food to you.  You can also open up a bar tab and don't have to pay up front if you plan to order more later.
4	My husband on I stopped in based on other yelp reviews and ordered a pitcher of margaritas. I am not typically a margarita fan, but these were delicious. My husband said that weren't too strong, but the flavor and price were excellent. I ordered the broiled mahi tacos and we shared the tri tip tacos. The flavor of the mahi was outstanding and the tri tip used in the tacos was tender and flavorful. The employees were also very friendly and attentive. We will definitely be visiting again.
5	;( RIP Chuy's
5	Yay, they're back!! Now to protect my kingdom :)
4	They have re-opened and the food is still decent. I had the broiled mahi mahi and it was fresh and delicious.They will be changing the name of the restaurant but the menu will remain the same.
4	I have been eating at this Chuy's since 1996. The mahi mahi fish tacos are one of the best menu items. The chicken here is made fresh daily and charbroiled with a coal fire grill. They offer a variety of Mexican beers. I find the margaritas to lack luster and they taste virgin to me. Sad to hear that they will soon no longer exist as Chuy's......name change coming after being plastered all over news for having undocumented workers behind the scene. Everyone needs a job right?
