5	This is the first gym I ever joined.  I felt proud walking in for the first time, a step towards a healthy lifestyle.  I was met with a nice greeting, and the person at the counter directed me towards someone who could talk to me more and sign me up for a membership.  It seems like all the employees I speak with are always nice and willing to answer my questions.The gym is big, and has great lighting for working out.  They have televisions located throughout the gym, so when you're working out on a machine, you can distract yourself from the pain by watching whatever is on there.  I also love how on some of the equipment, you have your own personal tv that you can listen to with headphones you bring in.  This really helps me a lot because I just stay on a machine longer when it's a show or movie that I really want to watch.  It makes me not want to slack off!  They also offer group classes to take like Zumba, spinning, yoga, etc.Their locker rooms are very nice and clean.  They have a good amount of showers, and also a sauna.  I have yet to experience the sauna they have, but it looks very nice.I would recommend this gym for anyone seeking a great atmosphere to work out with a lot of positive energy.
4	Love the atmosphere here. Everyone is all about getting you on track and there is so much to do whether you want to pay or do something for free.They have run club, classes like Yoga, Zumba, Cycling, etc. And when you sign up you Life Time bucks to try out a personal trainer. Life Time also hosts a 90-Day Challenge for those striving to loose more weight, or just get on a more routine exercise program. I enjoy working out here, there is never a shortage of the equipment I need, and while I know some locations (prob in diff. states) have pools this one does not which makes me sad :( Other than that - I love going to lifetime!*Also provide child care in care center while you work out.*Personal Training Available*T.E.A.M Fitness training available* Locker room cabinets have built in combination lock, so no need to bring your own* Open late during the week.
4	Before you say "This place isn't for me" Grab a 7 Day free pass and try it out!I wish there were more reviews about LifeTime Fitness Matthews.I was never around for when this gym was "LifeStyle" before it turned into a LifeTime Fitness location. Recently there has been some exciting things going on at the Matthews location. I've gone to Salsa night with Skinny Margaritas, great food, and real salsa instructors were brought in to teach! There has also been a few competitions and challenges that members can do to win prizes! I think this helps motivate people to come into the gym and change themselves. Great Trainers like Kirk, and Justin. They not only teach one on one, but you can join a TEAM fitness or weight loss class. I used my LT Bucks to try out TEAM fitness and I really enjoyed it, it's based on circuit training to build muscle. The 90 Day challenge allows individuals to either change themselves through weight loss or transformation ( % body fat change). They do this at least 2 time a year. My 90 Day is up May 11th 2013 and so far I've dropped 4% body fat. I love it, and when I weigh in weekly I get excited and motivated to push myself further!
4	Very good place to work out. But  no many classes in the schedule
4	Compared to the other Lifetime in Charlotte (also a bronze level club), this one has slightly better facilities, staff and equipment. I'd also wager that the crowd is a better one also. This club has less people just sitting around doing nothing. Everyone was there to get stuff done.The staff at this location seem to enjoy their jobs much better and are happy to show you around and (in my case) even walked me to the locker room and pointed out things along the way. Not really necessary, but a very nice touch nonetheless!The locker room at this location is cleaner than the other club in the University area although I wasn't a fan of the peek-a-boo shower curtains. The shower curtains don't quite close all the way. Coming from a diamond club and seeing quite a few gold clubs, I've come to expect the usual glass doors. The one shower I chose happened to have what I call legendary water pressure. If you want to know where that term was born, see my review of the aloft in San Francisco! Anyway...Cardio equipment is plentiful although there isn't much diversity in the different makes/models of pieces. The cardio zone is also pretty dated but offers a perch style view of the entire club all the way to the front door. This is handy if you like to plan your workout during your warm up!The gym has a lot of tertiary machines but not a good heavy equipment selection. I didn't see a powercage during my visit or any of the other heavy equipment I'm used to seeing at Lifetime. I cringe every time I see some guy doing chest on the smith machine!If you only need a single club access, the price point is quite reasonable (less than $75/month) and offers a decent workout in a pretty well kept environment.The one review from Tim B. seems to have a problem that this club is charging more than its predecessor? Well, I'm not too sure of what the club looked like before, but judging from some of the aspects that Lifetime didn't fully change, I think this club turned out better.And just to be fair Tim B.: The kind of fully featured diamond club you're looking for (which will offer tennis, basketball, pools and the whole shabang is $159/month and you'll soon be able to enjoy one there in Charlotte if the bronze club is too annoying for you.Bottom line: It isn't a diamond club but it's a hell of a lot better than most of Charlotte's other offerings.  So, hang in there until the diamond opens!
3	I've worked out at Life Time now for a few months and I would say this place is very good.  The facility is clean, well lit, the locker room is always clean - everything you could ask for.  The trainers are very good and have even offered to help when one of them spotted that I was doing an exercise.  There's no pool which is a bummer and they have a football team using the gym as a workout facility so the weight lifting area can be crowded in the morning.  Still, good value for the money.
4	Disclaimer: I am not a regular here, I was just traveling through Charlotte and stopped in for a quick workout. Therefore, I can't really comment on the value of the membership vs. the other types of places in the area.HOWEVER.  I did appreciate this place. It was clean, things seemed to be in working order, and has the regular assortment of Life Time classes. I thought it was cool that the middle of the gym is open and has a huge sky light. I'm definitely a fan, and if I am back in the area I will come back. Thumbs Up!Pro Tip - It seems that you need to bring your own lock for the daily lockers. Either do that, or leave your stuff in the car.
1	So I worked out at this place for a year BUT decided, after my friend stopped showing up, to sign up at another gym.  Simple request, right?  WRONG!  4 months after not crossing the threshold of that place, I'm STILL BEING BILLED?!?  Called the number on my bank statement and they can't help.  So now my happy self gets to go back in there and re-cancel my cancelled membership AGAIN.  Word of warning: READ EVERYTHING.  Apparently, they just cancelled my gym access but are billing me for some "benefits" - whatever.  The place was always clean and everyone was always super friendly but this - this is frustrating.
4	I was in town for business and went for a workout at the 6pm hour.  Life Time Fitness is large and has a lot of cardio equipment and a good amount of strength equipment.  Even though gyms are usually busy after work hours, I found it easy to get my workout in without any waiting for machines.  Each machine looked like it was decently taken care of and the front desk staff was nice.I have been to the Life Time Fitness in Cary, NC and I must say that the Life Time Fitness of Matthews does not even come close in comparison with updates of equipment and amount of free weights and racks.This was a good place to work out while on business.
1	I have been working out at this location for a bout one year. When I first joined lifetime fitness in Matthews it was such a great gym and a positive environment. All the staff seem to be happy and very positive. For the last few months the gym is going downhill fast. The gym is so overcrowded and you have to wait on equipment at times. Plus there seems to be let's just say a different type of crowd in there these days. A lot of groups that stand in a circle and gossip and laugh out loud very obnoxiously. It's sad to see this gym that was great at one point just become plain trashy. Also not to mention the staff seems to be very unhappy at this location and it is a revolving door of employees. They can't seem to keep their employees happy and it is just another trashy gym now.
4	If you live in the charlotte/Matthews area near Lifetime you have 3 options on where to workout: energy, lifetime, and planet fitness.I am a member of both energy and lifetime because each gym has its pros and cons for me and I like the change in scenery. Lifetime is a professional gym. Someone is always at the front desk, towels are always available, the gym and lockers are very clean.  For the muscleheads / power lifters this gym has: several bench presses both flat incline and decline. Dumbbells go up to I believe 100.  Two squat racks ( no power racks). There are also plenty of machines. This gym does not permit chalk :( although I have seen some guys use it discreetly. For the more general fitness enthusiasts this gym has plenty of tread mills, stair masters and really nice stationary bikes. This gym also has a cool and large stretching / circuit room with boxing bags, gloves, foam rollers etc.Overall this place is quite nice and affordable. I wish they had a power rack and allowed the use of chalk. Other than that it a pretty complete gym.
4	I am sorry to say, I was transfered and need to relocate and I have to cancel my Life Time Fitness Membership. It was a simple 1-2-3 process and I got a free 2 week guest pass for when I come into the city to visit my family and friends. I can't say enough how great Chris the general manager was during my 4 year tenure. He kept the place clean, the receptionists knew my name and took the time to talk to me everytime I came in to workout. Before Life Time Fitness, I was a member of a large chain and the place was kept poorly, the front desk employees were self involved and indifferent to my needs as a customer. Life Time Fitness is not. In the 4 years I was a member, I saved $1600 versus the cost of my former gym and didn't miss a thing. Don't by into the hype of these chains, keep it real! check out Life Time Fitness-.
5	The place is clean, well maintained and as a rule you don't have to wait for machines or weights. The staff is very amiable/helpful.  There are a variety of fitness levels of the patrons (beginners to buff). It strikes me the clientele are on the more mature side.  My wife does the classes and yoga (which are included in the membership).  She says he are well done.  Membership prices are reasonable.  The trainers are good but I think a bit spendy.  I have been a member of a few gyms and this one is one of the better ones. I would recommend this facility without reservation.
