3	Do you clean your own house or do you hire a cleaning crew?Do you do your own taxes or do you hire an accountant?Do you change the oil in your car or do you take it to a mechanic?If you're like me, you answered cleaning crew, accountant, mechanic... And to make life a bit more simple, UPS now has storefronts to package, shrink wrap, tape, ship, and confirm whatever the f*%k you want to mail to whoever the f*%k you want to mail it to...Sure, it's expensive as hell, but who likes to clean, work on taxes, change oil, or ship their own packages?  Not me!By the way, Kyle is the man at this location - he's a really nice guy.  Highly recommended if you don't mind spending the extra money.
4	I fully admit that when it comes to handling my personal errands I'm one of those last minute people. Somehow, I always manage to forget things like birthdays, special occasions and deadlines. Instead of planning in advance, I wait until a couple days before and then panic mode sets in. That's why I'm a fan of this UPS Store. They help last minute/forgetful people like me not seem so last minute/forgetful in the eyes of friends and family. I completely forgot about a family member's upcoming birthday, ran out to buy a last minute gift and then needed to ship it to San Francisco ASAP. Not only were the UPS folks at this store friendly, they were also fast AND they helped me figure out the cheapest way possible to ship my stuff. Not that UPS is cheap by any means (hence the -1 star) but everyone here was super accommodating to my, omgineedtoshipthispresentasaporelseiwillbeinhugetrouble freak out.Normally, the people at pack and ship stores are grumpy, the lines are long and the whole experience just makes me want to scream. However I must say that visiting this store is always an enjoyable experience. Plus they have even taped by boxes for me, and didn't force me to buy packing tape like another UPS Store did. I appreciate those little things, and as a result they've turned me into one loyal customer.I will unquestionably be back. That is unless I suddenly become less forgetful, doubtful!
2	Full disclosure: I don't like UPS. Every time I ship a package via UPS ground, I feel like it is about a 50-50 chance that it will actually make it to its destination undamaged. And trying to deal with their "customer service" people on the phone when there is a problem is always a nightmare. They never seem to be able to help find your stuff and on more than one occasion I have had to deal with someone extremely rude. However, since this review is for this store only, I have to say that the guys who work here are pretty nice. And this place is a one stop shop for shipping (USPS and UPS), copying, faxing, making copies of keys, etc. that is conveniently located right across the street from where I work. I use it frequently to drop of outgoing mail or pick up stamps. But for anything more complicated, there is usually going to be a wait associated with a machine not working or the person behind the counter not knowing what they are doing. A perfect example of this is today when I went in to have a passport photo taken. The whole process took over 45 minutes and left me with an uneasy feeling that maybe what I submitted is not a proper photo. It took three tries of taking the picture, then fiddling with it on the computer and trying to get it printed in the proper size. When he finally handed me a usable photo, I fortunately noticed that it was not printed on photo paper and so he had to print again. After all that, I was pretty frustrated since I probably could have done it faster myself at home but I wanted it "professionally" done so that I was sure it was right but now I had no confidence in them at all. But David was so apologetic and graciously gave me the photo and also a padded envelope to mail off the form in for free. That is the only thing that kept them from a 1 star review.
1	Do not go here for fingerprint services! I went to this location to have my fingerprints done for a fingerprint clearance card for school. This store advertised this service for $20 so I chose this store to have my fingerprints done. When I arrived at the store and told the clerk what I needed, she handed me a small square ink pad and told me to roll my fingers on the ink pad and then on the paper. She then charged me $20 and I was on my way. I know nothing about fingerprinting, I assumed they did. 3 weeks later my card was returned to me because of the poor job I did. Well, big surprise. I lost critical time for this time sensitve document. Who advertises this service but does not actually provide the CORRECT service? I went to the police department to have this done and it came out much darker and clearer and was obviously done properly by a trained professional. Please stop offering this service since you are not trained on how to do fingerprints!!!!!I called the store to let them know of the situation and the clerk seemed way too busy to really listen to me, didn't seem like he cared much and told me to bring my receipt in and have it redone. Oh yeah, that's what I want to do, lose another 3 weeks of time on my time sensitive document. Not a happy camper over here with this store.
4	In general, I find shipping things as a whole WAY TOO EXPENSIVE, but getting good service softens the blow!  I received really great service at this UPS from Taylor! He took his time to figure out the best shipping options for me to mail some items back home! Thanks!
5	I have never experienced such efficiency at a UPS store. The kid that was working just now 100% knows what he's doing. To put it plainly, he's probably the best.
