5	This bar is within perfect stumbling distance of my second home, which that in of itself, makes it great.  But there are also other things that make Tabasco's great.1. Ive never had a bad time here, and thats saying a lot because i pretty much hate just about everything  (Excluding things deep fried or cheese filled.)2.  The people who chill here are way fun and usually pretty tanked as well, -which not only makes for a good time but also helps me to rationalize  my own absurdly obvious, long-term raging alcoholism.  Thanks.3.  Its Big.  From the main floor, to the upstairs, to the dancefloor downstairs, to the  patio and even out onto the surrounding streets and sidewalks - this place has more than adequate capacity to let me get as wasted as I want without causing too much bodily or emotional harm to those around me. Truth be told, theres not many places built to accomodate me in the midst of a Heineken and Jager frenzy, but this bar can.   Seriously impressive.4.  Strong Drinks. Although i usually never remember how i get home from this place, i always somehow manage to wake up confused, laying the wrong way  in bed with my clothes and shoes on, drenched in a cold sweat the next day.  ( I like consistency in life.)  This means you've been to a good bar.In summation, I really dont have anything bad to say about Tabasco's. I kind of feel uncomfortable and weird on my insides, as this doesnt really ever happen when I'm expressing my opinions on places, things or human beings - but whatever....im just gonna let it ride and hope something effed up doesnt happen to me next time im there.
1	if you like the show Entourage and enjoy observing or perhaps participating personally in drunken rowdy fisticuffs at 3 AM, let me tell you, this is your kind of place. i just love hearing all those drunken douchebags kicking each other in the face out on the street every saturday night. the cops always seem to come 2 minutes too late. no, i haven't tried the food. no, i can't speak for the quality of the service there. frankly i wouldn't touch this place with a barge pole, because i'm allergic to chotch factories. thanks for making uptown cote-des-neiges a really swell place to live, tabasco bar.
