5	I have used Todd for many different jobs, big and small, for the properties that we buy and sell (flip). He does the most professional work at a great price. I only use him. I highly recommend T&K to everybody who needs any landscaping work done-big jobs or small jobs. You just can't go wrong with these guys.
5	Todd is a great landscaper and does a great job at our home monthly maintaining it. I appreciate him doing the things I don't want to do.
5	Todd is amazing. I had a issue with my irrigation system where my dogs chewed up the wires for my solenoids. I can do minor things but all those wires confused me. I called Todd and he went to my house while I was at work and fixed the problem. Extremely fair and as honest as they come. Todd gets my highest recommendation.
5	Todd does such a wonderful job! I am so happy with the services he provides. I would recommend him to anyone looking for a great landscaper!
5	Todd and his team do a great job! I have been using him for over a year now for weekly lawn maintenance. He is always on time and get's the job done right. If I ever need something special done, like plant a new plant, all I have to do is call him up and let him know what needs to get done and he gets it done!
1	When I called someone actually answered the phone which was a good sign. The lady said Todd would call me back shortly. 2 days later Todd called me back - 2 days. I went ahead and met with Todd. I spent an hour or so with Todd going over everything that needed repair at my rental property including a lot of landscaping repair and general handyman work (which his trailer advertises he does). Todd took a lot of notes which was very promising. This was Friday. He said I'd have a bid by Sunday or Monday at the latest. Tuesday Todd sent me an email apologizing for not getting the bid to me yet and stated that if I still wanted it, he would 'work on it over the week'. You are gonna 'work on it over the week'? You were supposed to have it to me yesterday. I've been waiting on YOU to move forward on the repairs so I can get this property re-rented!  According to Todd, Yelp is keeping him very busy, so I thought I should help Yelp 'keep it real'.
5	I have used Todd for a long time now. when he was not as busy and now when he has been busy. It is always nice when a small business can use this megaphone called Yelp and it has sure helped Todd and his business. He is still and always will be the best. Keeps all the weeds away, trims trees and shrubs. Might even plant a small plant if I leave it for him. This guy is solid and last I talked to him was looking to hire to help with the flood of calls. Keep up the good work Todd.
1	I called on Monday, after a big windstorm over the weekend, I needed someone to remove the tree that fell over in our backyard and potentially do a weekly maintenance on our yard. I left a message with the I guess, receptionist. She was going to give him the message and he will return my call. It's Wednesday morning and I have yet to hear from him. I have called three other people to provide quotes. If I can't get a hold of the landscaper to set up an initial appointment, why would I want to use them continuously?  It's shame that they don't want any business...
