4	I work right across the street and came here for lunch the other day. I wasn't really sure what to expect. The restaurant was brand new and I didn't know anyone who had been there before but I figured I would give it a shot.I went in. There was one customer in the restaurant and one employee at the counter. The restaurant was simply but well decorated and was kept very clean.I and asked for a recommendation. It was suggested that I try one of the rice bowls. I went with the pork since I was told it was spicy. While I waited for my bbq pork bowl I helped myself to a serving of sauteed eggplant and some grilled potatoes.The eggplant was sssooo good! Very flavorful with a nice spicy kick to it. The potatoes on the other hand were perfectly cooked, but a bit oily and bland. My meal came just a few moments later.The rice was perfectly cooked. Not mushy or dry at all. The pork had been grilled in a slightly spicy bbq sauce. It was very good as well. There wasn't much depth or layers in the flavor of the pork or the sauce. It was simple and it was delicious.I ordered the regular and it was the perfect size. I might order the large next time so I can take leftovers home for dinner.I think next time I go, I will see if I can get half rice, half steamed veggies instead. this place might become a new regular lunch spot for me. It was quick, very good and affordable.My regular sized pork bowl, large drink and eggplant and potatoes cost me around $7.50.
4	QQ Grill serves Japanese food quick serve style. Glad I stumbled in here, it's nice to know where I can get a good rice bowl close to home. The meal I had here today was a bright spot in an otherwise horrible day. I stopped here for lunch while I was getting ready for a trip to Flagstaff (which got aborted due to a car disaster). I honestly wasn't sure what to expect, but when I parked I noticed a sign about a teriyaki chicken lunch special which made me happy, I was in the mood for Japanese food. I ordered the tempura combo, which came with some tempura vegetables and a shrimp, two pieces of california roll, and teriyaki chicken over white rice. They brought the tempura out before the rest of the food, which I appreciated since tempura's best straight out of the fryer. The crust was light and not greasy. The california rolls and chicken were both exactly what you'd expect, with nice details like sesame seeds and a little chopped scallion over the chicken, but the tempura was the star of this meal.I noticed the asian customers all appeared to be eating noodle bowls. Maybe they know something I don't, so I know I'm trying the udon and the yakisoba in the future.
4	First time here as this restaurant is kinda new. Just want to clarify it is a Korean restaurant that also serves some Japanese dishes like sushi rolls.  Being that my wife and I are both Korean, we know what good Korean food is, and QQ grill so far has our thumbs up!  I ate a special off menu dish called Dolsut Bibimbap. It is a Korean style fried rice made with beef bulgogi (thinly sliced marinated beef), vegetables (Korean style spinach, bean sprouts, zucchini, carrots to name a few), spicy Kochujang (chili pepper) sauce on the side that you mix to taste (depending how spicy you like stuff), and it all comes in a sizzling hot clay pot.  Becareful that pot is HOT!  It was delicious and authentic.  My wife ordered Ossam Bulgogi which is thinly sliced marinated pork with squid, vegetables, and cooked in a really spicy sauce that is full of flavor (should be eaten with steamed rice).  We also ordered a side of spicy tuna roll, and it was ok.  This isn't exclusively a Japanese sushi restaurant so I wasn't expecting the roll to be amazing, and it wasn't.You order at the counter and they serve you at your table.  They have a Banchan (small sides) bar that had Kimchee (spicy pickled lettuce), pickled cabbage in vinegar, bean sprouts, marinated potatoes, and fried tofu with a special soy sauce.  These items are pretty much all you can eat and complimentary!We came in with open expectations and appetites.  We left happy and full. The prices were reasonable and we will definately come back again to try more dishes.
4	Stopped in for a quick dinner Friday night while i was working late. For 8pm on a Friday it was dead (2 other tables occupied) but this seems to cater more the the lunch crowd for nearby businesses. I ordered the pork bulgogi rice bowl to go and some gyoza dumplings. The Bulgogi was flavorful though not the best I have ever had. I guess you could say it was good without being outstanding.Their menu looked interesting, and the portions were pretty generous, though the prices were a little more than your typical takeout (but not unreasonable). I plan on stopping in for some Udon and some Yakisoba and maybe give their sushi a try.Its a clean little place and I hope that it lasts longer than the last few places in this location have!
1	Totally excited to try this place out, my grandparents, my mom and I (4 of us) came here for some Korean food. It wasn't too busy; just pairs of people from nearby offices coming in and out. Unlike other Korean restaurants, their lunch special selection is very limited. Special A  consists of a sushi roll with a soda, special B = teriyaki beef/chicken (no soda), or special C, Korean BBQ Spicy Chicken. As we were looking at the "lunch special" board, the lady behind the counter insisted that we should look at their full price menu instead. Here comes the awkward part: she then asked my mom "are you Chinese?" Even though she is, my mum looked at me all puzzled as in "what does that mean?" The lady proceeded by pointing at the "seafood pancake" section on the menu and saying "I don't know why but you Chinese like this pancake a lot." Good thing my mom didn't hear what she said.. or else... So we got the Spicy Chicken lunch special ($6.99), a bulgogi ($6.99), and a beef yakisoba ($7.19). The cool thing about this place is that it has a mini "kimchi" buffet bar, with trays of marinated tofu, potato, bean sprout, kimchi, broccoli and some other vegetables. It also has this delicious house special hot sauce. By the time we finished a dish of kimchi, the food came, so it didn't take long. The spicy chicken, came in a bowl about the size of an instant-noodle bowl (but slightly deeper), was tender, with rice underneath it. The chicken was definitely marinated well; however, the last couple of pieces had tendons and big chunks of fat... what a bad way to end it. The bulgogi also came in a bowl, with rice underneath. The beef was definitely not marinated fully. The color was super light and the beef was close to tasteless. The biggest disappointment, food-wise, was the beef yakisoba. The noodles, occupying most of the Styrofoam lunch box, were sweet. Then there was an ice-cream scoop of rice, topped with 3 pieces, I kid you not, THREE pieces of dog-tag-sized, super-dry meat. In the end, we just decided to bring the barely-touched yakisoba home for my younger brother (well, teenage boys tend to eat everything...). While my mom transfered the noodles to the plastic bowl (since the Styrofoam box was lidless), I went to ask for a plastic cover. This is the best part: the same lady, stared at me, pointed at the salad bar and said "you can't take that home". I thought there was a miscommunication, so I asked again for a lid for the noodles. Again, she pointed at the salad bar and said "you are not allowed to take the kimchi home". Wow seriously? Just b/c my grandparents are Chinese you assumed we were stashing kimchi in a bowl and trying to sneak it out? "Look, I just want to take my noodles home, ok?" She hesitantly gave me a lid."Hey, hey you. we chineness peple no steal kimchi becuz Confucius say 'no stealing kimchi'"... only if I said that to her face...Oh, and when we got home, my brother, aka our food dumpster, took a bite of the yakisoba and never touched it again.  Conclusion: If you want amazing Korean food and friendly customer service, please just go to Chodang. Chodang is WAYYY BETTER, hands down
1	Stay away from this place. Let's see, the bulgogi was terrible, and extremely overdone. Customer service was horrible, I had to wait 15 minutes before I could order. When the owner's wife finally came out, she seemed to be in a bad mood because she didn't smile at all. Lame.If you come here you will QQ.
3	My favorite Korean restaurant. They have a sushi bar too but I didn't try it out. The service is nice until one lady (a waitress) spoiled it. The waiter forget turn on the other side of the grill and we notice since it took like 30 min for ONE single piece of meat to throughly cooked. So we asked for help. He is eager to help us but have some trouble since he is new (I can tell) So this lady come to help him and she knocks over my friend's water and nearly pour on my friend. It's okay to pour stuff but not a single sorry to my friend? The lady even stares at my friend like it is her fault for putting the water there??? What a bad service attitude. Thank for the food come to rescue. The food is excellent and taste delicious. We enjoy the food and the waiter is really friendly. Everything is so nice until one waitress destroy it all. I will come back again to see any improvement.
5	I usually go to Takamatsu's just down the road for Korean BBQ, but decided to give QQ Grill a try after seeing a pic of the bibimbap on Yelp.  I was very happy that I did.  The portion was large and tasted delicious!  I eat lots of kimchi when I eat Korean food, so I was happy to see kimchi was self service....and it was fresh and tasty.  I'll definitely be back whenever I'm craving bibimbap!
2	Food was bad.  This restaurant is now closed.
1	QQ Grill closed it's doors two months ago.
