5	worth the drive to get here. tons of history in this building. the guy named Dan knows his stuff when it comes to carrol Shelby. had a great time and learned a lot. cant wait to go again.
5	Who wouldn't want to own a Shelby Cobra?  It's a silly question right? If you think you don't, after taking the tour you will.  You can spot their new facility from I-15 running parallel to the strip.  There is plenty of parking.   They offer free tours at 10:30 and 1:30.   The tour guide is funny and very informative.  It takes about an hour.   You walk into their gift shop area that includes a huge variety of items.  Around the corner is a drooling display of souped-up vehicles.  Can I afford just one? Probably not.  But I can dream.  They also have Carroll Shelby's original cobra on display.  The tour takes you into the 'garage' area where the modifications are being made.  I grew up in the Motorcity so it's a little taste of home.  It's a great place to see!
4	This is a free tour, I highly recommend it.  It is very informative about the history of Carroll Shelby.  Our tour lasted for about 1 1/2 hours.  Our guide talked to about the the history of Carroll Shelby and about a lot of the model cars ($, design, name, etc).  After our tour in the show room, we were able to walk through the garage and see some cars that were being worked on.  We also had a chance to write our names on the garage wall.  The kids especially liked that part.  The gift shop prices are reasonable; we purchased several items.   If you have children with you that are younger than 10 years old; they may get bored.
5	Loved it! It's free for the ppl who are wondering!! Basically a tuner shop for fords with a extremely nice collection of cobras gt's ext. With a gift shop and sells center for those looking for some performance upgrades !
5	What a great place! The tour is free but donations are given to the Carroll Shelby foundation to help kids get hearts transplants. The guide is the company historian and is well versed on the stories and technology. The cars are freaking amazing. Oddly they have cars from the 60's and 80's but no 70's. The hardest part was standing on the concrete for an hour. Wear comfy shoes.
5	I've come here to look around with the hubs. His dream is to have one parked in front of the store in the VIP pick up area where new custom cars are picked up. All the cars here are gorgeous and for sale. If you have deep pockets this is the place to buy and create/order your customer stang.
5	Awesome museum and guided tour .  Note : take the morning tour if you want to see the factory in action .  The shop closes at 2:30 and is closed by the time the 1:30 tour makes its way to the shop area .  You'll learn a lot about Shelby history and the man himself .  Many people in our group actually owned Modern or vintage Shelby cars. You can even buy a car if you had a good run at the casino tables
5	Had this place bookmarked for our next visit to Vegas. If your guy loves fast cars this is the place for him to get his eyes full of ford horsepower. We missed the guided tour which I found out is where you can go inside where the mechanics are working and sign their famous wall. We browsed around on our own to check out cars. It's a pretty big place and they just have a small amount of cars to see, but it is free. You can donate to the Shelby charity which is always a plus to give back. And for all you ladies not interested in your man and his love for toys, you can join the others on the couch until he is done. They also have Shelby memorabilia for your shopping pleasure.
