2	Ahhhh I am a environmentalist and animal rights advocate and recently they have included dead animals which is not good for the environment or animal rights-I think the chicken is factory farmed.Also the heavier the dish the more expensive it is. Too much sugar in their sweets.Agh Le Commensal has become sooo corporate and greedy.The managers are mean.
1	Commensal's approach has always been equal parts oh-hum and hype. A large array of sauce-heavy foods scientifically designed to be fairly heavy - their whole model is based on the idea that you pay for the weight of what you eat. - which I thought was kinda neat when I was 16.It used to be that it was still an ok place to go once in awhile but that was back when this was a vegetarian restaurant. In the past few months, they've shed vegetarianism (and apparently, their ethics) and have re-branded themselves as flexatarian (whatever that means...). As such, Commensal has now become a slightly high-end cafeteria buffet with exorbitant prices for a lunchtime serve. So yeah - mlarg.
4	My wife dragged me down to this place for lunch and I didn't realize it was vegetarian until after we finished eating. It is my first time here so I cant comment on how it has changed over the years but today it was clean and employed friendly staff. They have no directions on how the place works so we just had to look at other people and sort of figure it out. Buffet stuff always seems to delivered in a dump truck labeled "FOOD" on the side. I suspect this "FOOD" truck dumps in the alley and someone uses a snow shovel to put it on to the buffet table, it is why I don't usually do buffets, its the lowest grade food because it has the highest mark up. Commensal I did not feel had this vibe at all, lots of selection, made with far better ingredients than any buffet I have eaten at. The weighing the food was weird, I wish they had a sign that just said to a maximum of $xx you never know where you are at with regards to the weight of the plate, and if you get too much you cant really start shoveling it back into the buffet table. It was cute and clean and I would recommend it as something different and an excellent alternative to processed food, high margin fast food or a deep fried buffet. It takes a lot for a meat eating guy to recommend a veggie place it was that good.
