3	My husband Rick and I took the car here last night for an oil change.  It's a decent enough place, if all you need is an oil change.  I've been coming here since I was single and living in Greenfield.  The service is generally fast and friendly enough.  The good thing is that they are open relatively late, until 8pm on weeknights.  So us 9-5 working stiffs can come here!
3	It's close to my house, easy and In the middle of the day, with about 5 people in front of me, they did change my oil in about 10-15 minutes. Friendliness of the staff could improve but it was well enough, I couldn't right away guess where to drive my car to get service but figured it out eventually.
3	I took our Chevy Malibu here the other day for a routine oil change.   I've been coming here since my 20s when I lived in the neighborhood.  It's a decent enough place.  They get you in and out pretty quickly and they don't overdo it on the upselling.
3	I've had good and bad service here. The price for an oil change is about $40 after tax. I've come once and it took, from the time of pulling off of Beechview into the lot, an hour an a half to get a change. Last time was only a few minutes. If you don't have the space/tools to do a change or you don't want to hassle with the oil disposal, it's an alright place to go for a change.Sometimes my car is dirty when I get back in it. I don't know why someone would want to eat a sandwich and change oil at the same time.
4	I popped in here to get my tire pressure looked at, for $8 they will check and refill your fluids plus look at the tire pressure which is an awesome price. They were friendly, professional and relatively quick. I would recommend if you need to get your car checked out. A lot of places will tell you that you need all this work done so thy can make a quick buck off of you but these guys seem honest and straightforward.
5	Great prices, super fast service, didn't push anything on me, and provided topping off on my fluids.15 minute oil change and no problem.  Way better than Jiffy Lube or any other oil joint.
5	This place was great. Very quick, professional, cleaned the inside of my car and windows, topped off my fluids and I formed me of the cost prior to doing it.
5	Fast, reasonably priced, and they didn't try to push anything on me.
5	These guys are great. I feel they have a real sense of urgency. They know people don't want to spend all day getting their oil changed. They were fast and nice and kept the up sells to a minimum though I feel everyone is a quart low on antifreeze so I would pass on that one. At least I didn't feel they were just trying to sell me something every 5 seconds. Also I'm pretty sure they vacuumed the floor mats in my car for me which was unexpected and awesome. I will for sure be coming back here for future oil changes.
