4	Fairways Grille, as the name indicates, has a golf theme - one that remains consistent from Its decor and location to its menu of classic clubhouse fare. Food offerings aren't surprising  (think basics like the Reuben, Cobb salad, burgers, and pasta) but judging from the packed dining room the menu is exactly what area retirees and players right off the links are craving. My club sandwich and sweet potato fries were simple and scrumptious. My only complaint is that they ran out of their "soon to be famous" onion rings; they smelled heavenly.The interior felt a lot like "lunch at the club": lots of natural light, some unique dark wood accents, high tops in the bar area, and comfy swivel chairs and table seating in the main dining room. The golf-themed upholstery was a little cheesy for my taste, but what can I say? It fit with the theme.The location is next to the golf course in the Rosati's strip mall, amid several retirement communities. And while I am neither a golfer nor a retiree, I do know a good sammie when I meet one. And for the area and clientele, Fairways Grille is right on par.
5	This place just opened, its a great addition to Gold Canyon.  We had the shrimp scampi (with a cup of amazing french onion soup) and the broasted chicken. Everything tasted awesome; we will definetly be back soon.
4	For a resaurant in Gold Canyon to be busy with people constantly coming and going - while I was there - is a good sign. Prices are reasonable and the selection is just enough to satisfy almost everybody. The rueben was good (not the best), but the onioin-rings where great. The steak seamed to be resonably priced; have to return and try it. Definetly worth while trying.
4	We've looked forward to the opening of this restaurant and it has lived up to it's hype.  They have a few little details to work out but have performed extremely well.  We love the ambiance, the food, especially the broasted chicken and onion rings, is excellent.  We will be back many, many times because it is so close to us.  Good luck to the owners and staff!
1	CLOSED CLOSED CLOSED...  Right around the christmas holiday, We noticed the place was suddenly closed up, (a nice Christmas surprise for the employees I'm sure).  And there were U-Hauls out front taking things out of there.I was told by a couple of frequent patrons, and some of the other building's tennants, that it was seized by the IRS, and the owner went bankrupt there after.   ?? I don't think it was even open for a full year!
4	It is NOT closed, at least not now (February 2014). Friends went there last night and raved about the broasted chicken. They also have karaoke on Thursday night.
