1	Please, do yourself a favor and never rent from these money hungry leeches.  The office staff is horrible and will sleep with your boyfriend in your apartment while they are suppose to be at work.  They will park their blue piece of &#*! car in front of your apartment building and drive your other car as if you (the tenant) would not notice.  But other than all this happening.  The maintenance workers take their sweet time when it comes to work orders.  And this must be the best 5 star roach motel ever.  They don't care about their tenants and have no morals or integrity.
1	DO NOT RENT FROM THEM.  We were lucky to escape renting from this place and found a better alternative.  Our experience through the application process was TERRIBLE.  We were told it was a $300 deposit, then a $575 deposit, then a $150 deposit.  NO ONE IN THE OFFICE ever knew what they were talking about, which was astonishing since we spoke to a new staff member with every interaction.  They were the most unprofessional, unorganized, uneducated bunch that I have ever worked with in my entire life.  To top it off, they refused to return $100 fee (towards deposit) after their series of errors.  RENT FROM ANYWHERE BUT HERE.
1	DO NOT RENT HERE OR EVEN APPLY.  This place KEEPS YOUR HOLDING DEPOSIT.... they do not tell you it is non-refundable!  CRIME is an issue.... 30 crimes in the last 90 days including MURDER, ASSAULT, BURGLARY and THEFT.  COCKROACHES are a big issue in this place according to residents I spoke with, as are SCORPIONS.  Now here is my story.... I applied to get an apartment here, but you have to income qualify; frankly it was the only place I could really afford.  Whether or not I qualified depended on how my employer filled out paperwork.  The paperwork went back and forth, but I never saw it.  As of Friday, 11/15/2013 I was told by my employer that the paperwork was with Marcus at the apartments; I had been calling that week to find out status. I called there 11/15/13 and was told Marcus was out of the office, and was the only one who could help me, and would be back next week.  At no point did anyone contact me and tell me if I even qualified.  I had explained when applying that I was homeless as of 11/16/13.  Today, 11/20/13 Marcus advises me they are still working on the application process, and that the employer sent back paperwork stating that I was approved.  I reminded him that I was homeless as of 11/16/13, and that efforts to contact him last week, and on 11/15/13 were all fruitless, that I did not even know if I qualified, and I had to go to and apply elsewhere.  I told him I need my holding deposit back, and he stated it was non-refundable.  I advised that it was a "holding deposit", and AT NO POINT WAS I TOLD THAT THE HOLDING DEPOSIT WAS NON-REFUNDABLE.  He stated that they held the apartment too long, and I advised that again, it was a "holding deposit", and that it was not my fault the apartment was held too long.   The apartment was not ready to be rented at the time I put down my deposit, I am certain, because I looked in the window and it was filled with appliances, and did not appear to have been cleaned yet.  I advised Marcus that I would be placing this review on Yelp, and would be calling the better business bureau.  I assume this is  not uncommon, because he simply did not care, but did state he would talk to his manager about it.  I will update this as I see what happens.WHATEVER YOU DO, DO NOT EVEN APPLY HERE.  I KNOW INDIAN SPRINGS APARTMENTS ARE NOT THE BEST EITHER, BUT THEY ARE AFFORDABLE AND NEAR THE FIESTA MALL... GO THERE!
