5	These are, by far, the BEST carne Asada tacos I have ever tasted... I stumbled upon this place by accident looking for hot dogs one night about a year ago. Luckily I found this place instead!! I think I am their most frequent customer as I only live about 2 minutes away! Definitely hope to get these guys some business by putting this up on here :) they deserve it!!
5	I enjoy coming here, originally from California and their food tastes just like home. Carne Asada tacos are the best, and i enjoy how hot off the grill the food is. They also serve the bottled soda from Mexico, why is this a big deal? Try it and you will Thank me! It is a drive from home, but i am willing to make it for the fantastic taste!
5	One of the things I love best about travelling to Mexico is stopping at the street taco vendors and getting some authentic cooked to order carne asada dollar tacos.  Taco Azteca brought that exact thing to Las Vegas, and they do it WONDERFULLY.  There is a restaurant storefront, but I am not entirely sure you can go inside (I've never seen anyone but an employee go in) because the sell everything from a food cart in their parking lot.  I have only ever stopped by here after dark, and I'm pretty sure they aren't open in the daytime (or maybe that's when you can go inside to dine...I'm not sure and don't really care.)   Ladies and Gentlemen, if you have not eaten at Taco Azteca, you are missing out on one of the best culinary experiences in Vegas.   This little food cart has been featured on Anthony Bourdain, and it's not hard to see why the producers picked this place for a feature spot.  AMAZING.  Oh, and there is always a line of Mexicans waiting to get their orders, which to me is a pretty strong sign of good authentic Mexican food.  Their tacos are a buck a piece, and 50 cents to add cheese (and who wouldn't want cheese?).  They offer traditional fillings like carne asada (steak), carnitas (shredded pork), and pollo (chicken), or if you are feeling adventurous, they have lengua (tongue) and cabeza (which I'm pretty sure is cow brain - I'm not that adventurous)I cannot say this strongly enough.  Do yourself a favor and FIND THIS PLACE.  Okay...now i'm hungry.  I'm thinking i may have to hit this place tonight.***Expert tip:  Ask them for some lime wedges and squeeze a lime on each taco just before you eat it.  It enhances the flavor of the meat and makes your tastebuds want to sing with joy.
5	Best Asada tacos I have had in vegas. Can't wait to go back to try the rest. Interesting setup, you order from the trailer out front, but you can eat inside of there brick and mortar that's in the same lot
5	This place is legit for real Mexican tacos! None of that Tacos el Gordo thing here! Real Mexican tacos are from the street vendors and under 2 bucks! I don't say anything else because if you ever tasted Tacos from a street vendor "loncheros" you know what I mean. ;)
5	Always wonder when a place has all five stars. Oh my God.  What great street tacos.  Had three carne asada.  Got three more.
5	Love eating here came here at least once a week for the last 10 months love their carnitas tacos and agua de Jamaica
4	Thank God!  I finally found a taco stand here in Vegas that is on par with the taco stands, and trucks in Southern California.  I had tacos El Pastor.  They put a generous portion of meat on the tacos and they were $1.25 each.  I have had better, but not in Vegas and not for this price.  I highly recommend this place.  And they are open late.
4	Taco Azteca is the hidden jewel of the abyss that is known as the Eastside.  Its a tiny little roach coach sitting the parking lot, with their storefront being just a dining room. Their al pastor tacos are amazing, a little heavy on the cilantro though. The burritos are excellent as well.
5	It was great.  Loved the tacos!!!
1	Not really impressed by the quality in the meats. I ordered a Carne Asada, Al Pastor, and Carnitas. And they all had, weirdly, the same taste. Overly greasy, no flavor, and no texture. Even with the condiments on the tacos. Lol It's obvious by the other reviews that these folks NEVER really had GOOD tacos.I'm pretty much a taco connoisseur, LA native, so I've tried the best! However, their service was great! I wouldn't go there again nor recommend them.
