2	Sushi to go in downtown: amazing concept!In reality....the sushi tastes like...to go sushi.  You know, the kind you get at Giant Eagle, Whole Foods or other grocery stores.  Except way less options and more expensive.  If I was working downtown and I was craving sushi hardcore, would I buy it from here? Maybe if I didn't have time to stop in at Penn Ave Fish Co and I was in dire need of a sushi fix.  Okay, let's face it.  I probably wouldn't.  Skip it and head to Penn Ave.  There's always time for good sushi!
2	Working downtown I always run out of dining options. You can only have so many subs or slices of pizza in any period of time before you lose the taste for it.I ran into Sinobi on their opening day and I was super excited about this. Who doesn't love sushi? Well, I mean some people don't like it, but I love it. What a great lunch idea I thought. Sushi is light enough to tide you over from lunch until dinner. You're not overly full, but you're satisfied until the next meal.Sinobi in theory is great. It's a take out sushi (bar?). I took a look at the menu and wondered where the choices where. There were only about 6 options of sushi, a few salads and beverage options. I tried to keep it simple since I didn't know what to expect so I just got a California roll, which I will say was good, but I thought it was kind of pricey for the size of the roll. I paid $6 for the roll, which you normally can get  for $4.99 at Giant Eagle and they taste pretty much the same.I mean. I hate to say I won't go back, but I definitely won't rush back. If I'm really craving sushi I'll go because it's so convenient, but I would not recommend it to anyone because there are definitely better options downtown.
2	Pretty much the same impression as the other reviewers... It's "OK" but expensive for what you get. I had the "bulgogi sushi" which was made-to-order, so it was better than what you'd pull out of a refridgerator case. But for $7.50 you only got a little bit of beef and if there were cucumber and avocado in there, it was hard to tell. I will say that the kimchi was fresh as was the seaweed salad sides that I bought.  I guess I might  go back if it were pay day because I don't like waiting in line at Penn Ave Fish Company.
2	I have been craving California Rolls lately so I thought I would give this place a try. I work downtown so it was easily accessible being only a couple blocks away. At first glance there wasn't much to look at. They have a refrigerated case filled with made-to-order sushi, so if if you're in a bit of a rush and want the food asap, this would be for you. The only place to sit are a couple stools to your left, which all have you facing the wall. I was disappointed by the lack of decor, but I know they are new so hopefully over time that would change. There didn't seem to be a whole lot of options to choose from and since my main focus were the California Roll that is what I purchased. For 6 rolls it was $6 plus they had Korean beverages for $1. I opted out of those. They had a small "dollop" of wasabi on the side so of course I asked for more. It's just like getting takeout @ a fast-food joint. Packets of soy sauce, (low sodium, nice!)  along with your typical wooden chopsticks.All in all I thought the rice didn't seem right for a sushi roll, but it tasted fresh and I was hungry so it was ok. I probably won't go back unless I'm in the mood for sushi and happen to be walking around Market Square.
4	Review based on 1 Lunch Visit. Ordered two of the "Asia Dogs" 2 specialty hot dogs for $4.00 1. Bulgogi Festival - All beef hot dog on bun, topped with Korean BBQ and Choped Kimchi.  Sauce: Chungyang Chili2. Chicken Karate - All beef hot dog on bun, topped with Korean Style Chicken Salad, and Chopped Kimchi. Sauce: Chungyang ChiliChoice of Sauces: Chungyang Chili, Zinger, Orange Mayo, & Teriyaki. The two hot dogs were very good. Taste was excellent, only took about 5 minutes to get my order, and the staff was very friendly.
2	Stopped by this place as part of my quest to find the best sushi joint in Pittsburgh, and I've gotta say, even for the 'Burgh, this place doesn't stack up.I ordered a rainbow roll (spicy), which wasn't terrible but was smothered in so much sauce I could barely taste the fish. Not subtle at all. In terms of presentation, the roll was pretty sloppily prepared. I washed it down with a "Milkis" milk soda, which was oddly tasty.In terms of ambience, it's clean, well lit, and not dealing drugs, so everything you'd expect from a good to-go Market Square establishment. Not a lot of seating, but Market Square has plenty of outdoor seating available most days.Overall, not awful and very convenient, but I'm more likely to make the trek up to Sushi and Rolls at Oxford Center or Penn Ave Fish Co. for my sushi fix.
2	The price was much too high for the quality and presentation. The staff was nice, but even for the convenience I can't justify the quality for the price.
2	For a sushi place, and their hot dogs r better than their sushi.. Sushi r small, poorly made and cost too much . I ordered the tijuana roll & they used chopped up tuna pieces that would be considered trimmed garbage that most sushi chef should toss out.. (large chunks of white unchewable pieces)
4	I tried Sinobi sushi today for lunch located in Market Square, Pittsburgh. It was $5.89 for a California roll. It was fresh and tasty. The guy made it when I ordered it. They were very friendly. The ONLY thing that was off was the sushi was very small. I would have gotten two of them.Very good taste though. Wish there was more avocado too.
2	Sorry Sinobi. For awhile I could put up with the not-so-special sushi in lieu of the far superior offerings at Penn Ave Fish Company --the only other sushi place that I know of near my place of work downtown. But the meager, sad looking "rainbow roll" with teeny-tiny strips of nothing looks like fish bait. Never again will I fork over my money for something I could get at a convenience store. Owners: Please take the time to  read these reviews and put out quality sushi! It would be great to have more sushi options near market square. $13 bucks later and my stomach is still grumbling...
3	The food is ok but it is definitely pricey. You will be still hungry after spending $10.
1	I waited at least 20 minutes for the most flavor-free Philly roll ever created. The place was not busy at all. The employees seemed to be rushing...to make one plate at a time.  The dine-in plates were poorly presented, nothing seemed very fresh, and my take out would have been faster & better from Giant Eagle. Don't waste your lunch break or your money.
2	Conceptually you would think this place would be a hit! I mean sushi is hot right now. But the actually place has much more to be desired. First of all the menu is lackluster. I mean its a sushi place with barely any sushi! I could make better sushi at home and I have trouble not messing up a bowl of cereal! I bought a fancy sushi which i think was a rainbow roll and a regular spicy tuna. Neither was anything to shout about. I also got a side of seaweed salad which probably was the best part and I got a can of pop. Total bill: $19 with tax. I almost fell off my seat. But oh well. If they want to make this competitive they need to take off the stupid hot dogs off the menu - its a sushi place. If I want a hot dog Ill go to franctuary. Two they should put pictures up of all the sushi variations they make and increase the variations and come up with unique concepts like a yinzer roll. Three they need to make lunch specials - 1 order of sushi and drink for $5.99 2 orders of sushi and a sushi and a drink for $10.99. something like that. And finally, they need to walk into penn ave sushi and realize that's your competition. Time to step up your game.Wouldn't be surprised if this place goes out of business soon.
3	Typical sushi... besides the location being in market square... nothing really stands out about this place compared to other sushi joints... I think their prices are on the steep side and the portions seemed small... but maybe I was really hungry... everything was fresh and made to order...
