3	Red Shrimp is a consistently good hole in the wall Chinese place.  The lunch specials are pretty good ranging from $4.75 to $5.50.  With this special you get your choice of entree, an egg roll, and chicken fried rice.  The rice is kind of bland to me, but the two entrees that I've tried, mongolian beef and orange chicken are full of flavor and very yummy.  Overall I'd recommend this place if your want some authentic Chinese flavor for a good price and not Panda Express.
3	Sometimes I'm just in the mood for some cheap, filling, hole in the wall Chinese food.  And this place certainly fits that bill.  It reminds me of so many of the fast food/takeout places in NYC I would end up getting delivery from at 4am.  This place is exactly what I needed even though China Mama is just 2 minutes up the street.  The prices are pretty darn cheap.  $6.50 dinner special gets you an entree, egg roll and rice.  My wife and I split the chicken and broccoli and shrimp fried rice.  I generally prefer my fried rice to not be brown but it was fine...can't complain.  I will certainly be back to take advantage of the ridiculously low priced lunch specials.
4	Red Shrimp Company Chinese Take-Out with its white walls and red neon lights is your typical no frills, low price, and hopefully high volume Chinese take-out business run by a Chinese family.  The daughter (I assume) works the cash register and takes the order, the mom expedites the orders, and the dad with the other Chinese cooks prepares the items on the menu.It is located at the NE corner of W. Flamingo and S. Jones.  The restaurant has a few simple tables and chairs for customers dining in or waiting for their to-go orders. They also do lunch deliveries within the vicinity with a minimum order of $15.  It is opened daily pretty much from around 11amto 10:30pm.Since moving recently and being just a block away from Red Shrimp, I finally decided to go check them out.  After staring at the menu with all of those choices, I finally settled on the dinner entree portion of Shrimp with Lobster Sauce (which is prepared using 18 ct shrimps, meaning there are about 18 shrimps in a pound).  I paid my bill and picked an empty table near the window while I waited for my dinner.  Before I knew it, it was already ready for pickup, and I think it took less than 4 minutes.It comes with a lot of rice and the Shrimp in Lobster Sauce was piping hot when I poured it out onto my microwavable plate.  And guess what?  It has 17 shrimps!  That is practically a pound of prawns for just a little over $10.  It tasted good, not too salty and the shrimps was cooked well, not overcooked and rubbery.Will definitely drop by for their lunch specials.4 stars for the fast service and inexpensive price tag.
5	Order from them a lot. Always great food and they have awesome prices!
4	We had the beef lo mein, its super yummy! They give you a HUGE portion so you could probably split it with 2 people! We had leftovers (which we didnt eat) The prices is inexpensive and they prepare the food quickly and its still hot when you get home! Very nice service also!
5	Now they have ice cream! They remind me of the candy store you use to have when you were younger. They have snapples for 1.50 and can's of soda's and bottles of water for 75 cents. Now they have the ice cream cooler next to the drinks for prices $1.00 to 1.50.  It's a great snack to eat when your waiting for your food
4	Mmmmm do you like it HOT?Mmmmm do you like it MOIST?Mmmmm do you like it CREAMY?Mmmmm do you like it FILLING?Mmmmm do you like it SATISFYING?Then come here and dig in! Don't be shy!My favorites are...sweet and sour shrimporange shrimpwalnut shrimp with honey saucegarlic shrimpcrab rangoonAlways hot, generous portions and reasonable pricing.
3	This was my first visit here and it's right down the street from my house so I finally decided to try it. Well it was OK not horrible not great just OK! I ordered the Orange Chicken it came with fried rice and an egg roll. The Orange Chicken was not that great I would not order it again, the fried rice was dry and tasteless! The only thing I did enjoy was the egg roll and how can you mess that up? Although I did not have a good experience I am going to try this place out again because I have heard a lot of good about this place.I truly think I probably ordered the worst dish on the menu, every time I order Orange Chicken somewhere I'm always disappointed no matter where I go. I think I'm done ordering that dish period and will try new and other chicken dishes. I must say the chicken they use is nice quality all white meat chicken which is what I like! I attached a photo, the portion size is good for the dinner special which includes fried or steamed rice and one egg roll. $6.75I will be returning soon and hopefully next time ill be giving this place 4 stars!
3	Follow up visit...knocked down to a 3 star rating for this review :( I guess my mistake was not ordering what I had ordered before such as their yummy shrimp dishes. This time went with the orange chicken dinner special which came with fried rice and one egg roll. The sauce for the orange chicken was thick and tasted much like the do it yourself Chinese options you can buy at the grocery store which are never good. I could have ordered anything else on the menu and I am sure it would have been better. The rice was dry this time also unfortunately. I think this was just a matter of bad selection tonight. Hell I could have went to Panda Express if I was in the mood for orange chicken. I don't know what the hell I was thinking tonight? Oh well. I will be back, just no orange chicken for me! I should have tried the sesame chicken which I was contemplating in the first place.The portion for their dinner special is generous. My sis and I shared it and was enough to fill us up. We also ordered a side of (3) egg rolls for $2.50 which were good. I am a shrimp eater and will stick to that...after all they are named the Red Shrimp Company right? The service was off this visit, the lady behind the server was a bit choppy and never once said thank you. When I told her would like the orange chicken her response was "what else" then I said also an order of egg rolls she again growls at me "what else". No thank you or your welcome to my thanks. Not a good visit. Truly disappointed.
1	Last and final visit!Wow OK so I am done with Red Shrimp Co. for awhile or at least until I forget how bad my last two visits have been! My first visit 4 stars My second visit 3 stars My third and last visit 2 stars. What a bummer. We went for lunch today, I ordered the Spicy shrimp lunch special, ugh forgot how terrible their rice is and forgot to order the substitution lo mein instead for $1.25 more. The Spicy shrimp was OK but again had that thick non traditional sauce from a can that is just pure fake Chinese tasting. NOT A HAPPY CAMPER! My little Sister ordered Mongolian beef which was OK, but there must have been one whole onion cut up in it and the ratio to meat was beyond ridiculous!!! As I was watching my Sister struggle with the insane amount of onions I took her plate and asked the lady if she could assist me with the removal of half of the onion as there was not really any meat. After all the dish is called Mongolian "beef" not Mongolian "onion". I understand for health reasons I am sure she could not take it back behind the counter but to tell me that there is a trash can behind me and "I can do it there" was kind of odd. So much for that. I gave my Sister her plate back and she just picked the remaining few pieces of meat out and left the pile of onion stacked to the side. The "crab rangoons" were a joke, just dough with some cream cheese fried. No trace of crab as in crab rangoon. That's it! No more! This was the final and last roll of the dice! Not going to waste my hard earned money on such poor food and quality. Only had one visit that was good as described in my first review. They are not consistent here and that speaks volume! Done Done Done with below standard food and funky shitty bad attitude filled service. I gave this place two chances and they failed me. I was more than fair. I will continue going to and remain faithful to BoBo China where the fantastic service and food is consistent! Pics attached, looks are deceiving!
2	So I decided to give this place a second chance like I said I would... Not only does it not get the 4 stars I had hoped to give it when I came back for a second time around but I am dropping it by one star! I was Disappointed yet again! what a waste of money I ordered the Mongolian Beef this time it was ok better then the Orange Chicken I got last time! BUT their was barely any BEEF!!! I was straight eating Mongolian ONION they must have used at least 2 onions just for my dish!!! I also decided to try their Crab Rangoons and ummm I'm not the sharpest tool in the shed however I do believe there is supposed to be  CRAB in them! They were just filled with cream cheese and fried! WTF??? I will not be giving this place a 3rd chance there are way too many good places to eat here in Vegas then to waste money on something below mediocre!
1	I used to order delivery from this location about 2 years ago. Their dishes were flavorful and large - especially the lo mein.  I stopped ordering because we moved to a different area.  Now that I moved back I was excited that I could have them deliver again and on top of that able to order online.  I selected the family meal for two, and submitted the payment online.  15 minutes later I get a call from the restaurant indicating that "they" did the order wrong and I have to pay again as it wasn't right? so I had to place my order again..  After confirming that I wouldn't be double charged I reluctantly gave them my information again and confirmed my order....... 5 minutes later...I see two different amount charges on my bank account.After several attempts at calling the restaurant back (kept getting a busy signal)  I asked that they ensure my money was refunded.  They stated they would call back for the refund confirmation.In the meantime, my ordered was delivered.  I was SOOOO disappointed.  There was absolutely NO FLAVOR in any of the items ordered.  Egg Flower soup - was watered downBeef with Broccoli - soggy and seemed to have been out for a while, then reheatedWhite Rice - hard to chewChicken Fried Rice - no flavor/seasoningSesame Chicken - my boyfriend had it.. it didn't tempt me enough to eatI would say the only good thing that came out of that meal were the 4 egg rolls they included in the order.Oh.. and in regards to my refund for the double charge.  I ended up having to go to the restaurant in order to ask for my refund.  As I never received a call back that night..Buyers Beware!
2	i really want to like this place more then my last few experiences have been. its not bad, but its just not very good. all across the board its just lacking. typically the rice is hard, the sauces that the entrees are in  are typically very watery... the vegetables are usually undercooked and overall its just bleh. my last experience there also left a bad taste in my mouth for this place.i ordered chicken and broccoli very spicy and chicken with mixed veggies. they get the order about ready to go, read it off and i tell her that the one entree is supposed to be chicken and broccoli not beef and broccoli... she then takes it out shows me the beef and broccoli and says something along the lines of me to look that its beef and broccoli... i tell her again its supposed to be chicken and broccoli she goes in the back comes back out calls someone over and then says its beef and broccoli i say i know its supposed to be chicken and broccoli she then asks if beef and broccoli is ok... i say no its supposed to be chicken and broccoli... she then finally goes in the back and has them make it... no apology no nothing.... to top the experience off, when we got the food home it wasnt even good. it was actually pretty bad (usually its around average, but this time it was just... well, bad)overall i wouldnt say i won't go back again but idk when ill be back if i do go back. i wouldnt recommend it, but i wouldnt not recommend it, its mediocare- go there with that expectation.
3	This is an interesting hole in the wall place. I will start by saying that there egg rolls are very tasty!! and the price point is not terrible. I have yet to try any real meals here as I was walking back to work from the post office and wanted a better snack than what I had back at my office,Looking over there menu a few things jumped out and I must say that there lunch and dinner specials are a great deal! I plan on having lunch there very soon and will give a better review regarding the rest of there food. but....My biggest turn off about this place is that it is a hole in the wall! There neon lights are burnt out, there dinning area is dingy and dirty. It is pretty hot inside.. I guess there trying to save on there electric bill. There dinning furniture is old and belongs on a back porch not in a restaurant, it looks like they bought it from the outdoor flea market but hey it works right!!! There service was ok! not bad enought to really complain but it would be nice if the lady could speak better english! Even though all the bad listed above I'm still willing to give there lunch special a try. There were a few other people in there eating and there food looked and smelt delicious. I will just take it back to work and eat it!!!
1	I received a flyer on my door from this restaurant and decided I would try it for lunch.The lunch special was $5.25 when I got it for a pretty large serving of seasame chicken and fried rice. An egg roll was also included. I like to give restaurants a chance to impress me, even if they are run down ma and pop kind of places. I wish I had known this was a "fast food" Chinese place. It looked pretty dingy and sad. It was strange, when you walk in you see sort of like a panda express/buffet-like area with display glass. However, there wasn't food there (except fortune cookies), and you had to order your food from the lady at the front. You paid, and then when it was ready, you picked it up from the front. In that respect, it is nice to have fresh food. It was pretty hot though, even when I tried to cool it down. I had the seasame chicken, but I wonder if she thought I said sweet and sour. It had the sweet and sour flavor to me, but it was sprinkled with seasame seeds. I have only experienced seasame chicken at a Japanese restaurant before, and it was such a bad comparison. It was too tangy and greasy here. It was not appetizing to eat it at all. It was very saucy, and it took up half my plate. I didn't finish the chicken. The fried rice was also unappetizing. I don't know what they used to stir fry it with, but it wasn't good, just tasted greasy. I wish I had gotten the steamed rice instead. I ate it, but I did not enjoy it at all. The vegetable egg roll that it came with (also included a little sauce cup of sweet and sour sauce) was also pretty strange tasting to me. It was doughy but also had some juicy sauce in there. It was strange for my mouth, but it wasn't bad per say. It wasn't very good either. They also have ice cream, but I didn't want to have any. It was a strange inclusion. I feel incredibly sad, because I wanted to enjoy them... but it was just not good. I don't see how they can live with themselves serving those plates. However, there was a usual there when I went, and a few others when I went around 1pm. To each their own. I would have rather gone to Panda Express. The lady in the front seemed nice, but I like to see the good in people. Because I paid with a credit card, she charged me a total of $6, even though it is $5.70 with tax. I didn't mind. I did not enjoy anything about the place except for the price, and in retrospect, was it really worth $5.25 or rather $6? Not really. i didn't even get a fortune cookie from the mountain they displayed in the front.The appearance of the place matches the food... cheap and unappetizing.
5	Lunch prices are really good I always get orange chicken & fried rice with egg roll. Always done the same. Cant go wrong with with lunch. Quiet little spot with like 5 tables.
1	We wanted the food to be hot since we live a long way from the restaurant so we looked on there website and wrote down what we wanted so we could order there.We ordered the family dinner B for $29.99 what according to there website was to include: 3 main dishes, house fried rice, large steamed rice, large hot & sour soup, 3 egg rolls, 3 crab rangoons.According to the website if you spent $25.00 you got a FREE order of Shrimp fried rice.When all was said and done and we paid it was over $44 for a $29.99 special.The manager did nothing but argue and tells us we ordered wrong and that we did not get the shrimp fried rice free because we ordered a family special and that the house fried rice does not come with the family special when it clearly states that on there website.We told him to take the rice back then and refund us some money and he would not give a dime back.They do not want return customers. This is not the only complaint on here about being over charged and about there bad customer service.I guess there goal is to get your money and hold on to it even if they make the customer mad. They really need to take  class on customer service and making the customer happy.I certainly hope that food is outstanding but I have am worried after reading other reviews.Sad because we used to eat there all the time when we lived on the West side of town.Looks like it is time to find  new Chinese restaurant.
3	Ok, yes there is bad service, BUT that's what you get for the price of your food. I've always ordered the same thing: shrimp with lobster sauce and fried rice. There's a 30 cent or 50 cent charge if you use your card. This place is in an awkward area too. Very hole in the wall, and trust me you won't get food poisoning here.
4	Been there a few times and usually get the curry chicken which is pretty good and with plenty of chicken and onions.  Also, I usually dine in  but this place is too small for a good experience.  Most orders are to go.  They seem short on staff and the Chinese woman that answers the phone also has to do lots of other things.  Her english is just passable and can see phone orders being messed up.  Make sure you repeat your order to her.
1	Their food is really bland, no flavor at all! Overpriced for tasteless food! A whole in the wall place with tasteless food!
4	Good Mongolian Beef.  Restaurant was clean.  Good prices.
3	**Review of Delivery Only**I live around the corner from this place, and pass by it all the time. I'm picky about my Chinese food, and get nervous trying new places.Yesterday, as a bit of back story, I spent all day with my roommates cleaning our house and garage.  By 4:00pm, I was starving, and ready to just order in and veg out.My roommate and looked up the menu for Red Shrimp Company, since we had just seen it again Saturday night, and were curious about the food.The web ordering process was confusing, so we called in and ordered the family meal, to feed 3 people.  This came with: 3 entrees (picked from a list, not from the full menu), steamed rice, a choice of fried rice or shrimp lo mein, your choice of soups, and 3 egg rolls and 3 crab rangoon.We were quoted about 55 minutes for the delivery, which was fine.  About 35 minutes later, the food had arrived!  So excellent points on a quick and speedy delivery.The Orange Chicken:  Good.  Better than some that I've had.  The Kung Pao Chicken:  very good.  I don't do spicy, and it had a very nice heat to it.  The Moo Goo Gai Pan: exceptional.  I'd never had it before, so i can't really compare it to other places, but I REALLY liked the flavor. The chicken was tender in all three entrees.Crab Rangoon:  AWESOME.  It was still hot, and was not soggy, like some places rangoons are when delivered.  I enjoyed it a lot. Egg rolls: Meh.  I've had better.  Lo Mein:  The menu had said shrimp, but we got chicken.  Minor disappointment, but the chicken was moist and tender, and the noodles were great, so no biggie. Rice:  We were supposed to get steamed rice, but they gave us chicken fried rice instead.  Nice surprise.  It was good, but...a little bland, and kind of dry.  The soup, I hated, but my roommate loved.  We got the Egg Flower soup...I personally think it looked like snot, and had a snotty/slimey/gross texture to it.  I've had homemade Egg drop soup before and liked it, but this was just nasty.  So, all in all, it was ok.  I think we definitely got our moneys worth.  I'd order from here again, for sure, just to try some of the other options, and for more Crab Rangoon.
3	Food is pretty good. Solid cheap Chinese take out.
3	Love the Teriyaki Bowl w/ chicken.  My husband always orders their Hot & Sour Soup and Garlic Chicken.  Egg rolls are more like spring rolls and I don't really care much for them.  Their Egg Foo Yung is decent enough, but can be a bit greasy.  Prices are average I suppose for carry-out Chinese.  Not great, but definitely good.  Be sure to add your coupon if ordering online because they WILL NOT offer it to you over the phone.  :)
1	We originally loved this place, but have noticed lately that their service is going downhill.  They had online ordering/menu available, but turned it off.  When you ask the woman at the restaurant she tells you to just call in your order.  Problem is that you can tell her you'll be there in 10 minutes and they don't start the food until you arrive.  Kind of defeats the purpose of calling ahead.  Grumpy service = loss of customers = loss of $.  If the service isn't good it doesn't matter how good the food is for us.  We will be shopping around the area now for a new 'regular' Chinese take-out restaurant.  What a shame!
5	It is a very good chinese fast food and good price. Sweet sour soup is very good   I will be back soon!
3	It's ok. its a good price for what you get it's about the same price is Panda. it's definitely a hole in the wall
2	This review is going off of a catered event from Red Shrimp we had recently at work.I've heard up and down reviews about Red Shrimp.  The reason my work went with this place for our luncheon was because of their ad placed in one of the local papers.  It had coupons for some extras with qualifying orders.  I'm guessing we got a decent deal for the food to feed 60+ folks.The food from Red Shrimp however?  Kinda MEH.  Very MEH.  Not my favorite type of hole-in-the-wall Chinese food that I like.  Maybe it was in the execution?  Maybe it was because it was delivered and not eaten at the restaurant?  It just wasn't that great to me.  The food from Panda Express I think I even like more.Here's the dealio:-The lo mein was OILY.  Like greasy.  Greasier than usual.  Very slick going down, not yummy.-The egg rolls were pretty basic.  Possibly store bought and just fried.  But damn was the ginger strong in them.-The beef broccoli was average.  It wasn't bad, but it wasn't stellar either.  It's what you find at any Chinese restaurant here.-The sweet sour pork was hard!  Might have been overfried or stood too long before serving.  There were bits of pork in there that were difficult to chew.  Taste was ok, but damn did I have a lot of onions to go through.-Main saving grace was the chicken fried rice.  This was the best thing on my plate(s).  That in itself was pretty yummy, but how hard is it to mess up fried rice??If we were to have our work luncheon catered again by Chinese, we would probably decide to go somewhere else.  The food from Red Shrimp was really under par and not of the best taste.  You guys need to step it up!
3	It's an okay place. Not great but that bad. I would come here again.  We got teriyaki chicken, shrimp and beef. And also shrimp with vegetables. I will say that the portions are huge!! My teriyaki I had to take it home and ate twice that day because there was so much. So that's great! The food is worth the money. The shrimp with vegetables was pretty yummy and I loved the meat in the teriyaki but their sauce cannot be called teriyaki. It did not taste like teriyaki at all and I didn't really like it. But the plate was good and I would actually order it again. Wasn't the best food but decent food. What I thought was really rude was that the lady brought us the wrong order to our table. We were hungry so we were gonna start eating. And she came over and took all the food without saying anything. So we were so confused. I don't mind that the order was wrong but she could have said why she was taking our food. Or even a simple "sorry" would have been fine. But overall I would come again.
4	this place was phenomenal. omfg talk about a orgasm in your fricken mouth!!!!!    we hade a HUGE order and they were fantastic the order arrived hot and fresh  and so quick. we had ordered 8 entrees  and got a free walnut shrimp  that all came with 3 containers of white rice and we also had a order or house lo mein and house fried rice! they send TWO drivers to carry it up the stairs and brought it it these huge boxes and I was SO surprised with the amount of food we ordered nothing spilt nothing got squished and they gave us SO many cookies and utensils and soy sauce omg we will be ordering this next Chinese party we have again VERRY soon !!!!
4	Ok so it has been a very long while since my last visit to the Red Shrimp Co due to bad past experiences. This night I had an all girl sleepover and we were hungry due to the party favors. We wanted Chinese, we were craving Chinese so it had to be!What we ordered:crab rangoons, egg rolls, cashew chicken, garlic shrimp, sweet walnut shrimp, shrimp in lobster sauce, pepper beef, house fried rice, house lo mein, orange chicken.It took two delivery people to carry the two heavy boxes of food. We had a mini Chinese buffet going on in my Condo :) You must go and look at the photos I uploaded for this review!Ok so the service was excellent, the food was hot and fresh! Everything was delicious especially the honey walnut shrimp. Our only item that we did not care for was the shrimp in lobster sauce. No flavor at all and it was super runny and unappealing. I am happy to say that this last experience has bumped the Red Shrimp Co up to a 4 star rating which is a huge jump from previous ratings. This will be one of our reclaimed spots for Chinese take-out and delivery. However I won't hold my breath because their track record is NOT consistent! Mmmmm yum yes!
4	I love love LOVE this place. I've been a frequent customer here for a little over 2 yrs. Shrimp is always so plump and sauces are amazing. My favorites here are, kung pao shrimp, vegetable soup, and vegetable shrimp. The lo mein is also top notch :)
5	We ordered the meal for three (could have fed at least 6) and they gave us a order of shrimp fried rice for no charge. We had the Mongolian Beef, Orange Chicken and Kung Pau Chicken . All three were very good. Delivery took awhile, the driver was very apologetic which was  nice! We will order here again!
