4	Cafeteria is a St. Laurent staple that's been around for years - I feel bad being the first to review it, having spent only two years as a student in this wonderful city.Open almost every hour of the day, this little resto-bar-nightclub serves everything from a super cheap and delicious breakfast, to lunch and dinner fare, to late night cocktails under the glowing lights of st. laurent. I've only ever sat down for breakfast, which is served until 3:30 on weekend afternoons. The interior of the place is dark, with mirror-lined walls, large black booths, chandeliers, and an inverted-sofa like thing on the ceiling of the main room. There's a large bar, and a bunch of tables that are cleared away after the dinner service ends around 11. Breakfast is my favourite time to visit - for six dollars you can get great eggs, toast, coffee, eggs, fruit, and meat. The omelettes are wonderful as well. Later into the day, the food gets a bit more expensive, and the late night st. laurent crowd starts to move in. I've walked by early in the morning and only been able to see the glow of light through the fogged up windows.
4	this place caught my eye as we were looking for a place to get a drink. you are greeted with warm welcomes and right away you know the service is very attentive.we only ordered drinks, which were pretty good. the martini glasses were huge! the decor is very trendy and dark and the food that the people were eating looked delicious.
4	It's been awhile since I've eaten here but I remember this was always a "go-to" place.  Large pasta dishes, ok service, good drinks, great location (Rue St. Laurent), fun in the summer when all the windows are thrown open.
4	I've always liked this place. It has nice decor, the service is decent and the food is pretty good. It's a good spot for a drink or to have a bite. I had the crab and shrimp salad today and the grilled vegetables as an appetizers. I don't live in Montreal anymore but make it a point to come back every time I visit.
4	This is a wonderful place to come for brunch on a weekend or just for breakfast when you are lazy and want to eat something nice, like eggs with bacon and toast. The staff is very polite and friendly and the food is great. I have noticed that the waitresses, almost every single one has a big rear end, and they wear really tight dresses or skirts, I don't know if this is on purpose ( as a part of the place ambiance) or just a coincidence.
5	While on a weekend get-away, we found ourselves at Opus Hotel at the corner of St. Laurent and Sherbrooke. Opus was a Travel + Leisure favorite and they should reconsider -- the staff was uneven: from the Ice Queen at reception to wonderful, accommodating valets. It's clear that the hotel once shone, but now it's scuffed and ratting at the edges.But, this is about Cafeteria, thankfully. The waitstaff at Cafeteria was warm and attentive and the breakfast was well-priced, tasty and well presented. Warm crepes with a plentiful serving of maple syrup. Classic Montreal bagels and a generous serving of fresh, beautiful fruit.Oh, and treat yourself to a bowl of Cafe Au Lait. A glorious way to start any day.
3	This is a great restaurant for breakfast and breakfast only. Their breakfast menu is great! They have everything from eggs, bagels, sandwiches, pancakes, crepes, salads, omelettes, benedictines, and fresh juices. The restaurant has a comfortable and relaxing feel to it. They have dark red walls and furniture, nice looking bar, flat screen TV's, and modern art.The prices are reasonable too. For about $11-$12 you can get a super delicious meal that will keep you full for most of the day since the portions are so generous. I had one of their omelettes stuffed with mushrooms, shallots and cheese. The omelette was gigantic, had many mushrooms in it, the shallots tasted good, and there was so much cheese in there! The meal came with fresh fruit and a delicious toasted bagel. The staff during this time was very friendly, but the service was a little slow.Furthermore, I will never come here for dinner time! I noticed while walking by this place during the evening that it was empty. The next day I came here for dinner and found out the reason for the lack of people. During dinner time the entire atmosphere changes in the restaurant; the few people there were rowdy and drunk. The servers are so inattentive and bored looking. It's a very uncomfortable atmosphere, I just walked out.Overall, Cafeteria Resto-Bar is a great place for breakfast, and not so great for dinner time. In addition, their service needs some improvement to make the dining experience better.
4	First of all i LOVE the the fact that this place serves breakfast till like 3pm. When i was in Montreal i slept in every day and at first had trouble finding a place to get breakfast at 2 in the afternoon. Then thanks to yelp, i found this place.They have a lots of breakfast variety on the menu, which was nice. Both days i ate here i ended up getting the same thing, cause it was that good. I got the spinach, tomatoes & shallot omelette with fries and fruits. The portion size was nice and big. Both time i had plenty of left overs to take back to the hotel with me to snack on later. My boyfriend got an omelette both says as well, and they were really good to. The one thing i didn't like if they only give you a really small portion of ketchup. Now i need lots of ketchup with my eggs in the morning. One little finger bowl is just not enough. When i asked for more, they brought me a second finger bowl full. i wish places would realize people just want the whole bottle. I don't like fearing that i will run out in the middle of my meal. Which btw  i did.Now the staff was really friendly. It sometimes seemed like they would rather be friendly to their friends then server you food. It was a little frustrating sometimes, like when they were hanging out instead of getting me more ketchup that i so desperately  needed. Least when they were serving us, they were very nice and welcoming. i will definitely eat here again next time i am in montreal :)
4	Very good for Brunch. It's no L'Avenue, possibly the best brunch place Montreal has to offer, but if you're here for a few days and want some variety, I recommend you give Cafeteria a try. I had eggs over easy, potatoes, bacon, sausage and a side of potato pancakes, all tasted very good. My wife had the Monte Cristo which was pretty good. And, we shared some crepes, which were yummy.
5	i just spent a weekend in montreal and had a completely different experience than the majority of the reviewers here.  i did not try their breakfast (although i did stop by during lunchtime one day and it was packed), but i did have dinner here on a thursday night and spent a good part of friday night at the bar.  what i found was the most friendly, welcoming environment that i experienced in montreal.  i'm from austin, tx and we have a laid back, 'let's all have fun' attitude and it was very comfortable to be at Cafeteria.  from the owner to the manager to the waitstaff, this place amazed me with the level of friendly, genuine service they displayed.the pasta dish that i had on thursday was very good.  a light butter and oil sauce over linguini with fresh mozzarella, basil and tomato.  the owner sat next to me and the dish looked so good, i had to order it.  i did and the ladies next to me (a mother/daughter duo out for a drink before planning to get sushi) tried my dish and changed their plans.  they also ordered the pasta and decided to stay there for dinner versus going to get sushi.the bartenders were awesome and the vibe was great.  cool people but also some hipsters.  beautiful crowd on friday night.  really cool and gorgeous people everywhere.i absolutely loved this restaurant/bar.  loved it.  felt at home every second i was there, which says something for a texan in montreal that doesn't speak a lick of french.  they were kind and generous and fun and served up the perfect ambience, meal, and drinks while i was there.  i would strongly encourage you to try this restaurant, but also to take the time to say hello to the folks that work there.  they were awesome.  super cool place.  cheers, cafeteria.josh from texas
5	I love this restaurant - one of those great little secret places that I always enjoy being. It has a very Montreal atmosphere (lots of black, cool music, comfortable seats), and great food. It's not large, but you can usually find a seat. It's also one of my favorite afternoon meeting places. Right on Blvd St. Laurent, it's a convenient place to meet with colleagues and have an amazing coffee or a beer.  In warmer weather you can sit in the window and watch the street go by.  Week-end brunch is good too.. love the little sausages.  Highly, highly recommended.
