4	I have a bumper sticker that says "All my children are furry." Yes, I am that person and damn proud of it. My cat is my child and yes, I am educated, have all my teeth, am sane and actually attractive. With that in mind, a coworker recommended her vet Dr. Curtsinger after hearing about my lukewarm response to my experiences with other vets in town. I set up an appointment to establish my cat there and get her annual visit. I can honestly say we received great care there from every staff member. My cat gets carsick easily and unfortunately did so on our way to our first appointment there. Without going into the gruesome details, she was a hot mess and certainly fulfilled the term "one only a mother could love" at that moment. Within the first 2 min of being there, I explained that my cat got sick to the secretary who got the vet techs right away. They were sympathetic to my poor kitty who was not feeling nor looking her best at the moment and they took her in the back to give her a bath. They took me back with them so that I could be with Savannah J during her bath. After cleaning her off well, we met with the vet who actually took the time to really get to know Savannah J. Over the course of my life, I've met with a variety of vets and I really do appreciate how busy they are but I've never been overly impressed with any of them. I don't believe in over-vaccinating and Dr. Curtsinger understood that. He did not make me feel rushed at all and made Savannah J completely comfortable. He took the time to explain the purpose of certain blood tests and reviewed her recent stomach concerns. He recommended an excellent line of food (Into the Wild) and actually took the time to explain the history of the problems with the animal food industry and educate me. I thought I was being a good Mom and getting her organic food at Trader Joe's but he reviewed some issues and steered us toward a food that has agreed with Savannah J quite well. Typically vets charge an arm and a leg which I've always accepted. I was pleasantly surprised when I got our bill-we didn't spend a small fortune! I gave it a 4/5 bc they don't have the most convenient schedule which for the working gal is kinda tough! It was an overall enjoyable, educational and positive experience. I would recommend this place to anyone who loves their furry babies!
5	Top notch folks.  In today's times many businesses are just interested in getting people in and out the door.  They take time to get to know you as well as be an active part of the community.  They have helped us in various animal needs and we are fortunate to have them in the community.
5	Dr. Curtsinger is not only a highly qualified vet, he's also a cat whisperer!  I have two cats who put up a terrible fight at the vets.  The last vet we tried wore protective gloves that went to her elbows.  She attempted to hold down my male cat to examine him, he wrestled, hissed, growled and eventually emptied his bowels in a fit of anger.  Needless to say I was embarrassed beyond belief.  When it was time to bring him in again, I decided to try Dr. Curtsinger since i'd heard so many good things.  He took his time getting to know my cats, stroked them during the exam so there were no issues.  Amazing!  He gave both cats a very thorough exam, explained everything to me in detail and made us all feel very comfortable.His prices are very reasonable also.  I highly recommend Dr. Curtsinger, my new vet for life!
5	I have only good things to say about Curtsinger Animal Hospital. The ladies there are amazing and DR. Curtsinger actually makes you feel like he honestly wants the best for your pet. He goes into detail and spends time giving you advice and tips on making their lives as great as they can possibly be. He gave me Hope when I had unanswered  questions from my old vet who just ignored my calls and kept charging me endless amounts of money without actually finding out what the real issues were. They have given me a new outlook on vet care and what it should be!!!!!! The vet's office is not in my home-town and that is okay. I will continue to drive and put my trust into all of the wonderful people that work at Curtsinger Animal Hospital!!!
1	Very disappointing experience at Curtsinger Animal Hospital. The assistant named Jennifer gave my dog a shot I never said I wanted, after I specifically told her exactly what I did want for my pup. She then proceeded to argue with me about our conversation, lying about what I said. I should not take my pup to the vet and get treated this way. Very sad. Also, expect they will charge you more for paying with a credit card. I cannot recommend this place.
1	Very disappointing experience at Curtsinger Animal Hospital. The assistant named Jennifer gave my dog a shot I never said I wanted, after I specifically told her exactly what I did want for my pup. She then argued with me about our conversation, lying about what I said. I should not take my pup to the vet and get treated this way. Also, expect they will charge you more for paying with a credit card. Ask the price before a service is performed, they won't tell you unless you ask. I cannot recommend this place.
