1	Was referred to this office by my dentist for a consultation for a possible root canal. Eddie was very blunt and rude, insisted they take an x-ray even though they had a digital copy of one my dentist had taken five days before. He recommended a root canal, for which they charge almost $1,300!! They also charged me $110 for the "exam" he performed. Basically this office has way to much overhead and grossly overcharges their patients as a result. You even get treated badly for the privilege. I'm sure the work they do is satisfactory, but with so many offices in town you can find someone nicer who does better work for less money.
4	My dentist referred me to this orthodontist and I absolutely love them. I was so nervous about getting braces my that made the process so much easier for me to handle and I am actually happy I have them. Everybody is so nice there and they always make you feel welcomed. They are really friendly and personal so you know they really want to help you. I feel like they want me to have straight teeth just as much as I do! And I know they want me to be happy, which I always am. I've always had great appointments and I always leave their office with a smile.
5	My son Alex just finish his orthodontic work few months ago! The results were exceptional! He has a perfect smile! You can never imagine how crooked his teeth was! The work done was priceless! Besides the excellent work the staff and doctor were very nice and courteous, they made us feels welcome and comfortable all the times ( they really love their work and want to do the best). I will definitely bring my others kids here and will recommend to anyone!
5	Since YELP decided to delete the review I wasted a LONG time writing then I'm just going to make this simple:Dr. Chen is a wonderful endodontist and I will refer everyone I know to go to her for root canals bc she is that good. And I went to multiple locations so I can post my reviews on multiple locations (screw you YELP).
5	I am a Las Vegas dentist and personally know the doctors in this office. Over the last 7 years i had the fortunate pleasure of learning new techniques and topics in dentistry. I have taken many months of classes where the subject had been periodontics and implants. Dr. Jeff Wang and Dr. Allen Huang are very knowledgeable doctors. They are fantastic at their live surgeries. I have read some of the reviews that speak negatively about fees and etc. One point to make as a fellow dentist for those patients who care to read my review is the fact that one should look for a doctor because of his higher knowledge and way of care and not how expensive things are. In general everything in life can be regarded as expensive. Trust me last thing you want is a cheap doctor or one that goes from room to room. High tech dentistry and top notch quality products are the reason medicine is expensive. If you find yourself in a cheap office it might actually turn out two to three times more expensive because of the lack of quality of care. Professionals like these are real friends one should wish to acquire. When a  doctor can showcase his work to his peers who can be very critical then it is a sign that they are beyond good. I am glad I have known you all. Dr. Athari
