3	Another boba shop very well known back in California, but the Vegas version just doesn't live up to the name.Quickly is a very renown boba shop serving the traditional Asian food and goodies you see at other boba shop. Recently just opened, with a $1 boba special milk tea. The medium starts at around $2.15, making it the cheapest milk tea in Vegas if I'm not mistaken. The large, I think, is around $3.50. Its not on the menu, so I'm not too sure. Might just be better to just get the medium given the big price difference unlike other shops. Boba is only $0.25 more, much more affordable than other places.Now with the lower price, the quality isn't there though. The coconut milk tea I got taste powdery, so a little disappointed. The interior doesn't compare to the decor of Tea Station, or the comfort of Volcano Teahouse with their sofas, but isn't the worst I've seen.The person making our drinks was like most Asian workers, no smile, didn't address us when we left, and spoke very quietly so I barely could understand her. New boba shop in town, with some potential. Lets hope most of the issues is because its so new. Vegas desperately needs a really good boba shop! I have to double check on the address and phone # to this place, but its in the same plaza as China Mama and HK Star and across the street from Que Hoang.
2	Another visit, another star gone. Not my choice to come back again, but given how its in the same plaza as HK Star, the convenience factor is there.What kind of boba shop runs out of boba? Well thats what happened this time, last time they ran out of the full size boba.The slush could have been a little thicker, instead of being watery. My red bean slush just wasn't that good. Must have been the quality of the beans. The lychee got the approval of our co-worker, but he also hasn't had boba in ages so hard to compare.The atmosphere was a lot more livelier with 2 group of Asians playing 13. They look to be friends of the people working there.The quality of this place probably won't pick up, but at least it seems to be a popular hang out for Asian teens. By the way, check out the attached image, see if you can tell whats wrong with the menu ;)
2	I got a large Almond Milk Tea w/regular sized Boba (option for small boba)Not as good as the Quickly in the Bay Area.
4	I always get the watermelon juice w/ boba.  Their boba balls are a bit smaller than other places so they always flow freely through the straw hahaha.  The medium drinks are pretty cheap compared to Planet Tea.  I have no idea why they call the place "Quickly" as the service is anything but that...no big deal though.
4	Back in California, Quickly Boba Tea is one of my regular stops after getting dim sum or hitting the gym.  I was happy to see one opened so closed to home, and in the same plaza as HK Star, China Mama and Bosa 1.  It is super convenient.Their menu looks about the same if not identical to the one in California.  The decor is very Quick-Service Restaurant (QSR), with tables and not so so comfy chairs, where you can sit at and hang out with friends. A lot of young Chinese kids play Chinese chess or cards while they enjoy the beverage or snacks they order.This particular location has a flat screen tv mounted on the rare wall of the shop where they play Chinese music videos.  Which is cool, since I enjoy watching it but can't type in Chinese to be able to search for it on Google or youtube.  But if you are facing the front, you can either watch the parking lot or the small television that plays local advertisements.On my most recent visit after stopping across the street for dinner at Wendy's Cafe, we decided to get something cold to drink for the drive home in the still blistering heat.  I ordered the passion red tea without boba, and it was made with pre-made syrup and pre-brewed red tea and a lot of ice.  It was alright, nothing earth shattering, but the cold refreshing drink did its job for the drive home.3 stars + 1 more for convenience.
3	My daughter LOVES Quickly in San Francisco and she was the one that turned me on to it so the last time we were back home in SF, we stopped by the one in the TL (Tenderloin).  The popcorn chicken was DA BOMB!! Maybe we were starving (we just got in that morning from Vegas and ate nothing) so milk tea with boba for me and popcorn chicken for my kid.Anyways, when I found out there is one here in Vegas, we had to try it!  The popcorn chicken tasted good, not as crunchy as the SF location but had great flavor.  The boba milk tea tasted fine (am not an expert on that) and my daughter and her BFF loved their drinks too.Overall, I would come back if I ever had a craving for popcorn chicken but nothing exciting to write about regarding atmosphere or anything else on the menu.
1	don't know what to say, but cash only ranks as automatic fail in my book.  why make it difficult to take my money?  i don't have a local bank, and i'm not paying atm fees, just to give you money.  get with the times and accept credit and debit.
3	The first time I tried to go to Quickly I went at 11:30, they do not open until noon. Disappointed, I ventured on down the street to a different shop. This past weekend I was checking out 168 Market, which is across the street, so I decided to give Quickly another try.My first... well, technically, second impression of the shop was that it was a little cramped. There is another business (cell phone repair) sharing the same building. I got a large watermelon juice with boba. They only had small boba, which I don't really like as much as the larger boba. Total was just over $5. Not too impressed with Quickly, I'll probably stick with Volcano and Boba City Cafe
3	Came in for a drink after lunch. They seemed a bit lost and they were out of grass jelly and several other items :( I ended up getting pudding milk tea. It was fine, not too sweet, pretty good. My friend and I hung out and played a board game, it's a chill place.
2	First time trying Quickly today. It was ok. I ordered a medium milk tea with miniature boba (.. pretty much the only thing I liked about this place- no other places in Vegas offers miniature boba). Drink was not anything earth shattering at all.I didn't like how the ice container was practically melted ice, but they still managed to scoop up whatever  "ice" was left & poured it in my drink. Major turn off..!!  Decor of the place wasn't all that great either. I would say this is my 3rd choice for boba  after Tea Station & Volcano Tea.
