2	The Australian, formerly known as RTO's aka one of my favorite bars on bell rd. I'm a tad biased because I loved RTO's so much. But I understand change is inevitable. So lets talk about this new place. I came here on opening night. Which means things will change. I also know quite a few people that are still employed here from the old RTO's. The set up is exactly the same inside. All that was done was painting the walls and maybe a few nicknacks here or there. So my friend and I go back to our usually spot, which is on the patio. We take a look at the menu, it's pretty bare. But again I understand it was like a soft opening and they are still adding too it. I was happy to find that they added to the beer list. More IPA's and craft beer. Always a plus. They were also doing a $2 brown bag special beers. Which was cool but it was random. So whatever beer they handed u in a brown bag, was the beer u got. Couldn't change. I totally had one or two employees cheat for me. I was really disappointed to see they left the 1/2 and 1 pound wing selection on this menu. I really HATE that. Just do half dozen or a dozen wings. Fuck this pound half pound bullshit. I digress. I ordered the POUND honey hot wings. When they came, they were shitty. Plus I only got like 4 or 5 wings for $10. Pretty bullshit. Some were almost cold. I didn't send them back. Just ate those little fuckers and continued conversation with my friend. What WILL piss a lot of people off. Their HUGEEEEE patio in the back is now a NO SMOKING zone. Look I'm a non smoker. But I have ALOT of friends that want to kill themselves with that shit. Plus it's a patio and I always see people smoking out there. This HAS to change. The patio is too large, with too many tv's, places to sit to be a big non smoking zone. The front patio is the "designated smoking zone" now. Which is crazy because I maybe once out of the years of going to RTO's stepped foot out on that front patio. I even think it was used for storage at one point. It's tiny and shitty. So hopefully this new Australian owner changes this big problem right away. As well as improving the menu and change the god damn wing selection. Remove the pound, half pound shit for god sakes. I'll definitely be back so a update will come.
2	I was a regular at RTO's and love it. It was my place. The atmosphere was great, the karaoke was a huge plus, and the deals were good. I can't say I feel the same way about the Australian.The positives:Still offers $3 u-call-its on Thursdays after $9 and my drink (vodka cranberry) are only $4 on other nights as far as I've seen. And it's good vodka, not bargain shit.The pulled up the carpet in the main dining area to having the concrete show. It's been treated and it's black and kinda sparkly. I like it, it looks better than the carpet did.The kept the staff. These are the people partly responsible for this being home to me so I'm happy to see they've stayed on board.Cute new bartender from Australia. His accent is going to kill with the women.Two new dart boards on the upper bar. I think they will get much more use than the shuffle board did.Unfortunately, those are the only positives I have.The negatives:Sin of all sins: no more karaoke!! This was the main draw for me and my friends and now without it, I'm bored. The two nights I've been there since the reopening, we got bored and went somewhere else. It's not fun anymore.Menu is way over priced. $10-11 for a cheeseburger. And fries aren't included (if I remember correctly). That's ridiculous. Limited what a u-call-it is. Before, I was able to get a Midori Sour as a u-call-it for $3 and I very much enjoyed that. It's no longer a u-call-it so I stick with vodka.Wall are bare and a not very attractive macaroni and cheese color. I understand they're still getting things set up and I was told that wall decor is on it's way, but it just made it bleh when I was there. No more smoking on the patio. You now have to go to the side parking lot. (to be fair, it was illegal for people to be smoking the close to the door anyway, but I think you can still be 20ft away from the door and still be on the patio.)I was told that the new owners have never been in the restaurant business before. If they read this, I'd like to recommend sticking with what works. I don't know why the old owners but the bar up for sale but they had something. The karaoke was a hit and the menu prices were still high even then but reasonable. I  wanted to give the food a try but couldn't because of the prices. Although, a few of my friends have said the food isn't that good anyway. I realize if this is their first restaurant experience, they're still finding their way. I just hope they figure it out soon before I lose all interest in going there and I know I'm not the only one.
2	Daytime drinking, and I was one of five people in the bar and I felt like I was an inconvenience to the bartender.  The bathroom smelled weird, like a mix of sewage and cheap men's cologne.  I don't know what has changed since it was rto's, but it is  a downgrade.
1	This place is an absolute joke... Went here with 6 friends, sat at the table, 25 minutes later: no waitress. I ask to speak to the manager who is dressed in jeans and a T-Shirt with a hat on, who says "ok".... Just "ok". No apology, no "what can I get for you", nothing. Get a waitress, 10 minutes later two of us have water, no one else has anything. 15 minutes later she walks up and says "sorry we are out of cups".... So we leave. Worst service in a really long time. Will NEVER go back.
1	I dont even want to give this restaurant a single star...the service was terrible....we sent our food back not once but twice...and never ended up getting a meal...the manager didn't seem to concerned at how bad the food and service were...we will never ever be back and we would never recommend this to someone...can't imagine that they will be open very long
1	I came in becaue I work around the corner and I always used to come in for lunch. Had the French dip or should i say a bread sanwhich. It would have been nice if the food came to me atleast warm. And if they are going to serve full size sandwiches probably is a good idea to put enough meat in there so you don feel like your just eating bread. I'm going to have to pick a news lunch place.
3	You know how Outback Steakhouse has boomerangs, didgeridoos and Foster's posters on the wall and NOTHING the least bit Australian on the menu? I've got news for you folks, if you ever go to Australia and ask for a Bloomin' Onion they'll look at you like you're crazy.The Australian is the exact opposite. There's nothing anywhere in the place that would make me think they had anything to do with Australia. And the place is DEFINITELY a sports bar because there are TVs everywhere. So if you're looking for a place to catch a game I don't think you'll go wrong here.I hear that they're trying to get Boag's in here which would be awesome....even better if they can get something from Cascade. On my first visit I settled for a Boomer Lager....$4 for a big one....can't beat that. Their menu has a picture of Wagga Wagga on the front. My former boss was from Wagga and having been to Australia several times, I started to feel a bit nostalgic. In addition to your typical pub fare, the menu has some actual Aussie pub grub: meat pies, sausage rolls and 'roo sliders. I had a sampler which consisted of two sausage rolls and a meat pie. I enjoyed it thoroughly. Served with duck fat french fries it was too much food really. They also have lamingtons on the menu and Tim Tams for your sweet tooth. If nothing else, I consider their menu a welcome departure from most other sports bars whose menus have little to distinguish themselves from one another. The patrons are all a fun, lively crowd so I enjoyed my first visit here. I agree with some of the reviews that the service is pretty lacking. The very nice man who appeared to be the bar manager did his best to fill in the gaps so hats off to him. But the rest of the staff seems to need more training.It seems like a lot of people are still smarting and lamenting the demise of RTO's. This new venue is definitely very much a work in progress and they have a long way to go. They need to do something about the decor and really add some down under atmosphere and they need to train up their staff to be more attentive.That being said, I hope that The Australian picks up and becomes something. It deserves a chance just for offering something different. The place has a lot of potential and I think smoothing over a lot of rough edges just might do the trick.I look forward to coming back in the future to a packed house to watch some Aussie Rules football or Rugby while downing something from Cascade (PLEASE????)
5	Roo burgers!!  I hoped The Australian had some down under flavor and they did not disappoint. Meat pies, Sausage pastries, Aussie beer and Kangaroo sliders. It was all delicious. Kangaroo meat is different but was tasty and juicy. Happy hour is M-F open til 6. It has lots of TVs so it could be a sports bar but everyone is going that way. The staff was friendly greeted us promptly. We will be back.
3	Food is good but the service needs work. The one manager with the beard deserves a raise or promotion because he literally was doing everything from taking orders to bussing and cleaning tables and making drinks and he seemed to be the only manager there. Kudos to him!
5	We just had a birthday party for a friend of ours there. We introduced new people to the establishment that enjoyed the food. The wait staff was attentive and knowledgeable on the food and menu items. Duck fat fries are the way to go. Roo sliders are still good. It was just a great experience for everyone.
3	I moved to downtown phoenix and haven't had a chance to come back. Although I have heard from friends that this place has improved. Management/Owner messaged me on here apologizing for my experience and apparently you can now smoke out on their patio. So that's a plus for the smokers/bell road crowd. Once I make it back here I will again update my review but I felt compelled to say something since the owner was nice and pleasant. Unlike the cheers tavern owner. (You can look at my review of that place to understand).
3	Every school has their local bar or pub that everyone goes to to binge drink after exams, regardless of how good or bad they are...This is Midwestern's! Haha. Even though they are now known as the Australian, we still call it by their original name RTO's. The beer and mixed drinks are cheap (compared to like 15 bucks a drink where I'm from!) and they have nightly drink specials. I can see how people are disappointed by their "Australian" menu... truth is the menu did not change much from their original menu except for the addition of a few items. Love their nachos, duck fat fries, sliders, and asian/orange sauce wings. Don't order the onion rings, you will be disappointed! I will continue going here until 2016... when I graduate and move back to California!
2	I'm writing this as an update to my last review.  Since my last update,  they brought back karaoke and the drink specials, for which I am happy and grateful. They have also allowed smoking on the back patio again. The bar is still bland, however,  and the only thing on the menu that excites me are the fish tacos. They are the bar tender's personal recipe (kudos to the owners for putting an employee's recipe on the menu) and fantastic.  The wings are also rather good with fries but thats about it. This place still feels like its rolling further and further downhill and I can't help but to think the owners didn't know what they were doing when they bought it. I was there this past Sunday and spent the evening with a whole 6 people,  3 of which came with me and one I believe worked there but was off the clock. Rumor has it that this place won't survive a few more months and that saddens me but its not the same place it was as RTOs and probably shouldn't stick around.  Hopefully whatever goes there next is more successful and better managed. PS.: Calling Restaurant Impossible like another person said is actually a good idea. Maybe try it.
3	Been here a few times. Drinks are not really good. Service is great.Tried a few of the cocktails, they tasted good, but were lacking in EtOh. Had to get a few extra to get the job done.
4	been visiting The Australian AZ since October of 2013. Good drinks and the food is enjoyable. I am concerned that it seems very empty some nights. Even on a Saturday during NFL playoffs the bar was half full. I'd suggest bringing in a live band on the weekends to jazz it up. I'm fearful the bar wont last another few months if it doesnt pick up soon.
5	The service has improved, the patio is excellent with 6 tvs and 20 oz big beers for 3.99.  The nachos and burgers are huge and great.  The wings were excellent. You can have regular fries or duck fat fries with homemade dipping sauces.  You can sit in a booth with your own tv for sporting events or ntn trivia.
5	How can you go wrong with $3 dos Equis draft & $5 French dip sandwich on Wednesday.  Yummy! The atmosphere is lacking, not much has been changed since changing hands fromRTO's. The service was excellent, I will be back for sure.
3	Love the tvs at almost every table. Wasn't impressed with there food. The Ruben was alittle dry but all and all not a terrible place.
1	Horrible!  Bought a Groupon to try this place and went in tonight.  We sat ourselves (just like the sign said) and waited.  Waited and waited and waited.  18 minutes later a very nice woman came out and noticed we were sitting at a table with no drinks,  no menus,  no tableware or napkins.  Just sitting.  She asked us if we needed anything and our reply was to ask for a menu. .... Two other couples came in and waited and subsequently left without being acknowledged at all.  We ordered a dr pepper and a Fosters.  We got a diet coke and the fosters.  She dribbled the beer down my leg and onto the floor but didn't notice it.  I discreetly wiped it off my pant leg and smiled. .. She brought menus and we never saw her again.  We ended up leaving $4 on the table and leaving without so much as a word from anyone there.  My Groupon was a waste and we will never go back.  Anyone wanna buy it? ?????
1	Disappointing, very inconsistent, appears there is no or very pour management, no systems...I was hoping this place would be a place to go. Oh yeah...there is casino gaming, poker tables...anything to make money...won't be eager to spend money here again.
