4	This morning, a co-worker and I visited Cupz N' Crepes for a working breakfast. We frequently use the Enterprise Rent-a-Car located a few doors down, and had noticed the cute signage for the new shop. Instead of hitting a Starbucks or Einstein's, we decided to take a peek at this new place.What a treat! I enjoyed a sweet crepe filled with Nutella and bananas and topped with fresh whipped cream. It was delicious! My co-worker had the Nutella, bananas and strawberries - also fabulous. In addition, we had drinks. I had a white mocha and my co-worker had a chai tea. Besides sweet crepes, they also offer savory crepes, salads and bagels. The entire place was comfy and cozy with great seating and free Wi-Fi.
5	I have been waiting for Cupz N' Crepes to open and it was worth the wait.  Their crepes are delicious!  Try the turkey pesto for lunch and for dessert the almond and honey.  The owner is gracious, the staff is delightful, the ambiance cozy, and the wifi works!!!!  Thank you for bringing a little taste of Paris to Ahwatukee!  A must try!!!NatalieG.
5	This is a cozy coffee shop in a strip mall.  I went for lunch one day and ordered a sweet crepe with nutella, strawberries, and bananas.  It was very good.  In addition to the sweet and savory crepes, you can also create your own with a wide range of fillings.  The coffee was also good.  The service was warm and friendly.  This is a good place to relax and enjoy a sandwich alternative.  The TV didn't seem to fit the rest of the restaurant, although I'm sure sports fans will be happy.
3	I found the crepes to hit the spot on a lazy hungover Sunday morning...I had the bacon, egg and cheese crepe with cheddar cheese.I would have to say it was a bit average, and would have enjoyed maybe some sort of creamy sauce on the inside! I did find that the service was a bit slow...I was disappointed to see that their menu only has nutella as a chocolate topping for the dessert crepes.  I HATE nutella and wish they had just regular chocolate as an option as well :(
3	This is my first review, so here I yelp!A friend of mine recommended this place for crepes, and I needed a quick stop to eat lunch. It looks like they just opened. First of all, I am a crepe fan, and I honestly think they can do better. I came with that expectation because food at restaurants isn't always satisfactory, and I've stopped going out for a long time.  I ordered a Veggie Delight (I'm a vegetarian/vegan), and it had baby spinach, red onion, tomatoes and feta cheese, and it wasn't fully wrapped and there was too much feta cheese. I like a crepe where everything's stuffed in-nothing spilled out on the ends. I liked their simple selection of ingredients-I would have liked to see more vegetarian options. They do have the "create your own crepe" option, but I wasn't in the right mood to invent my own crepe. It costs $3.50 for a crepe with 1 topping and for every meat you add, it's 1.00 and savory & cheese for .75. If I really made the effort to design my own crepe, I would have ordered spinach and swiss, and it would have been slightly cheaper than the Veggie Delight (it cost $5.25) for less ingredients.If I could come here again, I would try the breakfast crepe and sweet crepe when I need my sweet fix. And maybe that'll change my rating. :)I like the design and decor of the cafe-a nice mixture homey 'n' modern feel to it-loove the wooden fans. Doesn't ave alot of character, but there are several old-french style decor. The open celings with metal covers are cool. It is very spacious, and there are several black plush chairs and lots of tables and chairs. I would come here to study since they have free WIFI here, and you can find comfort here.I ordered iced chai with soy milk, and it was surprisedly good-most places don't make it right!Lastly, the customer service is greeeat-as soon as I sat down, a waitress came up to me and asked what I wanted to order-you would think this cafe is a typical one where you go to the bar and take your order, but this is also a restaurant setting where they serve you.If not for crepes, I'd def recommend this place for a hang-out and a sip of coffee with friends if you want to steer away from the devli's brew for yuppies.  (Starbucks)
4	This place is great! It is cozy and the espresso drinks are wayyy better than "fast-food-coffee". I have been here three times. The first time, I had the pesto chicken crepe. It was so so yummy. I can't wait to go back for lunch and try it again. This place is turning into our favorite breakfast spot on the weekends. My daughter loves the nutella crepe, and I'm a fan of nutella + strawberries. My husband ordered a savory breakfast crepe with tomatoes, mushrooms and cheese. All three were wonderful.I only gave four stars because my favorite crepe place ever is still better...that's Ti-Couz crepes in SFO. This place is really really good, but I didn't ooh and ahh after my first bite. I guess I left my crepe heart in SFO.
5	Scale of 1-10 (multiple visits):9 Food9 Service9 Atmosphere9 ValueThis place would be perfect for downtown
5	This has to be one of my favorite places to eat! They have great tea and coffee and delicious food. I have yet to have a crepe I didn't like here. The place itself is warm and welcoming and has a great atmosphere. I recommend the turkey pesto- its one of my favorite savory, and split dessert, any sweet crepe i have tried here has been a winner, even something as  simple as powdered sugar and lemon juice. Bon appetit!
4	Never had crepes before coming here and I had no idea what I was missing. The food is always fresh, but the downfall is sometimes you have to wait over a half an hour to get your food. Everyone here is really nice and they have a great menu, they close at 4 so a great place for lunch or brunch on the weekends.
3	Nice for breakfast, when there is no wait.  They have gotten my order wrong on more than one occasion (do they have to put mayonnaise on EVERYTHING?) but there is good coffee and fresh food.
4	The Italiano crepe was salty pepperoni perfection! Maybe that's because I'm Italian, and biased towards Italiano-anything. But more likely it was the fact that even though the pepperoni was the pre-sliced, supermarket variety, and the added olives and mushrooms had clearly spent the past year or so in a can, they balanced in perfect harmony with the salty ham, the thick, gooey mozzarella cheese and the perfectly crisp crepe. Not a "gourmet" crepe, sure, but a _damn_ tasty one!I'm from out of town and their free WiFi was a lifesaver, allowing me get some important work done while I'm away at a conference. Oh, the iced tea and the service were great too!
1	I love crepes, and as such, I really wanted to try this place out. So, I convinced my wife to go with me for lunch. She's been before and she warned me about the service, but I figured it was just a fluke and it would be fine. Suffice it to say, we came in at lunch time, around 11 and the place wasn't even that busy. Maybe 15 people. The sign said to seat ourselves, so we did, and there we sat unacknowledged for a good 10min. Not even so much as a "hello", or a "we'll be right with you". I think I even saw one of the waiters sitting down watching the tv. I even saw customers getting up to refill their own waters and get napkins for themselves from waiter station. So, we left (without anyone evening noticing), and we will not be returning. I'm the kind of guy that likes to recommend places to his friends, and I will not be recommending this establishment. This is how you lose customers, so take note.
4	Color me impressed, the turkey pesto crepe is really good.  Nice place to hang out or come for a meal.
3	simple, by the book crepes...not much of a crepe eater but enjoyed cupz n crepes.  i especially enjoyed the yogi green tea they serve in copious mugs.my spinach and tomato crepe was nicely prepared - the spinach still bright in color and the tomatoes, fresh and not mushy.  i like the cafe feel of the restaurant.
4	Satisfied my sweet and savory liking in a single swath.  Just had my first visit here and will be back soon.  The crepes were tasty and light, the service was attentive and friendly.  Too bad they aren't open later for a sociable evening with dessert and caffeine.
4	There is something to be said for doing a few things and doing them really well and that is Cupz and Crepes forte. The crepes, filled with a variety of sweet and savory fillings are always fresh and delicious. My fav, The Veggie, is filled with baby spinach, red onion, tomato and feta cheese...add pesto for an extra "pop". Yum. Coffee drinks are served to perfection in generous mismatched mugs by spunky servers in a very relaxing and inviting atmosphere. My favorite place to bring my computer and hang out with friends. Keep up the great work!
3	My standard for crepes is from my favorite food truck, Truckin' Good Food.I like this little joint, but it doesn't quite live up to my standard.My dining companion, a junior crepe aficionado, ordered the turkey pesto crepe, which is supposed to have avocados and tomatoes, etc. Junior crepe aficionado complained that she hadn't bitten into an avocado yet halfway through her crepe, so she opened the darn thing only to find two measly pieces of avocado. I had the BLT, which was pretty good, but again, missed the mark on the promised avocado.Maybe avocados were not in season?Most of the customers were enjoying items from the sweet crepes selection. My dining companions and I did, too. We shared the Nutella, strawberries and bananas topped with whipped cream...and really, how can you go wrong with that? It was delish.I dig this place, and I was so glad to see the place packed with locals enjoying sweet and savory crepes, while working on their computers (they have free wi-fi BTW). The owners are friendly and they seem to know most of the people present, indicating that they have regulars. That's a good thing.But there is a difference between my fave Truckin' Good Food's crepes and Cupz and Crepes'. There is a difference in the quality and richness of the ingredients used by both. You bite into a Truckin's crepe and the robustness of the flavors envelops you, leaving you sometimes speechless. You bite into Cupz and Crepes' offering and you say, "It's good." You feel me?Would I recommend this joint. Yes, of course. It's a good breakfast place where you might just meet your neighbors. It's cozy, it's friendly...and you know... "it's good."
4	I've been looking for a crepe place ever since I got here and finally found this place, the only place! Great place to go for dessert crepes. They are a little pricey for my taste, but I thought the crepes were practically perfect. The crepes were not too thin, not too soggy, and overflowing with nutella, strawberry and bananas. I have not tried the savory crepes yet. The only reason I take one star off is because of the hours of operation, they close by 4, which did not make me too happy.
4	Yummm!! I had the fresh berries, yogurt and granola crepe while my wife had the banana, peanut butter, and honey and my daughter had an egg, bacon and cheddar and we all enjoyed them.  The crepes themselves were a little thicker and chewier than I'd prefer but the flavors were well paired.  Coffee was of Starbucks quality but a few cents cheaper
4	I love crepe, both real traditional french style and french-wanna-be-japanese style. Their desert crepe with nutella reminded me of the times i traveled in europe =D Their regular lunch menu is more americanize? I think Their crepe is kind of thicker than I'd normally like, but still good. Still I am soo happy to have a crepe place in az that actually tastes good. They have good coffee as well, portion is real European style, pretty big. haha, but good quality . I love this place for lunch.
5	If you love coffee and crepes, this is the place for you. I went into the restaurant, was immediately greeted, and told to sit wherever I liked. I flipped through the menu and asked my waitress what she would recommend. I ordered a customized crepe with baby spinach, mozzarella cheese, tomatoes, and avocado. She mentioned that I should save room for dessert. My food came out quickly, and was extremely delicious. This was the best crepe I have ever tasted. They use the freshest ingredients. Our waitress recommended the "Shirley" for dessert. This included strawberries, nutella, chocolate sauce, and cream cheese. It melted in your mouth. My boyfriend and I were fighting over the last piece. I met, Momma, and she was happy to explain to me the process of making a crepe. I spent the morning of my birthday in Cupz N' Crepes and my photograph was taken and placed in a scrap book. If you are looking for an ideal, and healthy meal, I would highly recommend Cupz N' Crepes. They have impeccable service, great dining atmosphere, and affordable prices.
4	Wonderful crepes, great selection, a little pricey but worth it:)
3	Based on food by itself, I would have only given a two.I don't think crepes (and I am by no means an expert crepe eater) should be tough. I don't think they should need to be sawed through with a serrated knife. Each of the three times I visited for breakfast this was the case. The fillings might have been savory and delicious, but the wrapper should have had BF Goodrich stamped on it.So it gets a three for three reasons:The coffee is great.The atmosphere is open, airy and comfortable.The wifi is strongOh, and they have daily newspapers there as well. As much as I am wedded to my electronics, I love to look at newsprint in the morning with my cup of coffee.So my A-OK is for the coffee and the atmosphere. Try something other than crepes if you're hungry.
5	This is a perfect place to have a brunch or lunch. the crepes are outstanding. Mostly a place for women to enjoy a late breakfast or lunch.Variety is good and everything is always fresh and clean.
3	This place is okay.  The crepes are pretty good.  I've had the turkey and avocado one and a veggie one.  The spinach salad with dried cranberries and almonds has a poppy-seed dressing that is way too sweet.  I guess I should I ask for it on the side.
4	This is definitely THE place to get crepes in town. The variety is vast and the ingredients are fresh!The crepe is a little bit tough and thick, but I think it might be by design because they pack so much real ingredients in it that it needs to be able to hold them in.I ordered The Shirley with banana. It is Cream Cheese, Nutella, Strawberries w/ Whip Cream & Chocolate Sauce. I wanted some banana with it to make it even more tasty. It was huge and delicious~ I think it should be considered healthy since I had strawberries and banana... :PMy hubby ordered Graceland (Peanut Butter, Bananas & Honey) and a Bacon Egg & Cheese breakfast crepe. Both were delicious. Bacon Egg & Cheese was very satisfying for breakfast. Graceland hit the spot for my hubby's peanut butter craving.We can't wait to head back and try out all the other items on their Savory Crepe menu.
3	I think I'd like to give them like a 3.5 really. We talked about going there for quite awhile since it's just around the corner from where we live. Finally, last Saturday, after an early jaunt to the dog park, the boy and I decided to have a nice little brunch date. The place was fairly empty and we were surprised to find it was full table service. We were prepared to order at the counter and then sit. The decor was really cute and the atmosphere was really nice. The waitress was a little bit abrasive, and not my favorite, but we ordered lattes and a couple of sweet crepes, read the Ahwatukee Foothills News and just enjoyed some pleasant conversation. We both went with sweet crepes, the Strawberry, Nutella and Whipped Cream. I've never been to France and I've not traveled the world over so I'm not going to tell you about how inferior their crepes are to those I've enjoyed in Paris, so I think they were good. I guess they're a little on the thick side, from what I've heard about crepes, but it created a good balance with how much filling they put in them. This past Saturday we had friends stay over and they wanted to go as well, so we went again for the second Saturday in a row. This week there was apparently some sort of Senior Olympics, so 90% of the tables were pushed together for them, fine whatever. So we were sat and brought menus, and not two seconds after the first waitress walked away, the same woman as the last time came over and said "are you ready to order?". I felt kind of rude but she was so I guess no harm, no foul, but I just said "She literally JUST brought us the menus". So she went away for 30 seconds and was back. Then we ordered coffee, 1 min later she was back with the coffee and very clearly ready for our order. We were half way through giving our order when this group of 3 other diners who were apparently regulars and favorites of the waitress felt that they should interject and begin joking about the waitress not already knowing their order, she of course obliged, and eventually returned to taking our order. We ordered a breakfast crepe each and then two sweet crepes to share. She informed us that she was just going to bring them all out together because that other large group was going to be ordering too. It was obvious what they were trying to do was squeeze us in really quick before the large group of senior bicyclists weeded their kitchen for 20 mins. That's cool, I get it, but it could have been done a bit more gracefully. I had the Ham, Egg and Pepper Jack cheese crepe, which was really good. The ham seemed to be really good quality. One saving grace of the waitress was that she had the forethought to put the whipped cream on the side of the sweet crepes so that it wasn't a melted mess by the time we were ready to eat them. Everything was tasty yet again, but I still think their service could use some work, or maybe I just need to work on being "a chosen one". We'll probably go back once in a while, we'll just try to avoid senior bike race day from now on. (Nothing against senior bicyclists of course)
4	Good cup of coffee and a good crepe = what I was craving this morning. It's the only creperie in PHX I've tried, so I can't compare to any other place. But it was delicious!I ordered the Nutella & Banana crepe - only $4.50, complete w some chocolate sauce and just enough whipped cream. Mmmmm. I totally forgot that they may have WiFi here - doh! And they do... apparently good WiFi, so I'm bummed I forgot my iPad. But it was alright, they had plenty of magazines, newspapers, and books to browse through. I chose a People magazine to get my "Royal Wedding" fix. But the crepe was served faster than I could read/skim through the magazine.... (good thing!)Service was friendly, efficient. Ambiance was cozy. They have some table & chairs outside, and plenty inside. They even have a couple sofas in the back w/ a TV -- a couple kids were hanging back their while I'm pretty sure their "Realtor Mom" was hanging w/ a few other realtors. Others have noted that the crepe itself was thick - - i didn't seem to really notice if it was thick, if anything mine was probably on the thin side - just right. They do have plenty of crepes on the menu: breakfast, savory, and sweet. So plenty to choose from. This would be a great place to meet up w/ a colleague for coffee time. (and crepes)
3	Went here for lunch with my sister last weekend. It was the perfect compromise since I wanted breakfast food and a latte and she was in lunch mode. I got a ham, egg and cheese crepe and she got the pesto turkey crepe. Both were delicious! We also ordered "the Shirley" to split for dessert and it was awesome. Loved the decor and ambiance. Very cool and modern looking but still quiet and relaxing. The only reason I didn't give this place four stars is b/c we both had upset stomachs after the meal. May have just been a coincidence, though. I will definitely go back for further experimentation. The food was just too good.
4	I have been coming to Cupz N' Crepes for the last year and absolutely love it. I've come in at various times during their hours. I've come alone to read, to work, and brought friends. The service has always been friendly. It can get crowded on the weekends but it's a small place so it comes with the territory. I absolutely love The Shirley crepe. Its a crepe filled with cream cheese, Nutella, Strawberries, chocolate sauce and then topped with more chocolate sauce and whipped cream. The strawberries are always fresh and taste amazing. There is a perfect blend of Nutella and Cream Cheese. I have never been a big Nutella fan but something about mixing it with cream cheese makes is heavenly. I have made my own crepe in which I will usually get chicken, bacon, pesto, lettuce, and cheese. Very good but the sweet crepes have always been more my style. I've had their blended coffees and iced coffees which really don't taste that much different from any coffee chain place I've been. They do offer Italian sodas which I love (get a raspberry one with whipped creams) it's extremely good. In all, I really enjoy this place. I would like to come more often on the weekend to be able to work on my side business blogging and running social media. I have never had poor service. Just remember that this a small family run place. They don't have multiple cooks turning out dishes left and right. If it's crowded it may take some time. Just sit back and relax because it is definitely worth it.
2	The savory crepes are the star here. The staff is not. My main issue with it is that they act a bit put out if you don't know their routine and they were also very distracted the last time I was there, with each other. I have been there over a dozen times as it has a nice patio area where you can sit with your coffee and crepe and read.
4	Delishhhh... blueberry crepes w/cream cheese!
3	Great place just to hang out in the morning. The crepes were delicious: the savory and the sweet. I would go again.
4	Love this place. Very small delicious portions
4	This place was all I expected it to be and more! Per a recommendation from a fellow Yelper I tried the "Shirley" Crepe. The crepe was warm and pleasantly chewy but not overly so. The chocolate sauce, Nutella and Cream Cheese harmoniously suited the fresh Strawberries. I literally ate this crepe up in less than 10 minutes it was so good! I also had a Blended Carmel Latte which was equally good but too sweet to eat with my crepe. Make sure you stick with black coffee if you want to get a sweet crepe. My sister went for a more simpler crepe; the "sugar and cinnamon". She also raved about the texture and perfect sweetness. Next time I go back I think I'll try a savory crepe.  The atmosphere is really laid back, fairly quite unless someone orders something blended. The service is a little on the slow side but not so slow to negatively affect the overall experience. So what are you waiting for? Go try a Crepe today!
5	Although slightly higher priced than I expected, I LOVE this place!!! Great atmosphere with Paris Cafe type decor. Yummy Chai, super nice owners, and really great breakfast! They have steady customers at any given time so the wait time it takes to get your order varies. Any wait is worth it! I highly recommend my fav... Strawberry and banana crepe with Nutella on the side, extra whip cream!!! A lot of food and almost too pretty to eat. But I manage usually once a week with my daughter.
4	Nice family owned restaurant in Ahwatukee. The decor is a Paris style cafe with small tables inside and out as well as a lounge area.  The staff is friendly and the menu is large for their size.The menu includes a large variety of breakfast, lunch and dessert crepes.  The crepe is handmade at the time you order it.  The taste is very close to the ones I had in Paris.  My favorites are the bacon, egg and cheese and the Nutella and bananas.  A nice place to meet friends for a cup of coffee or to sit and read.
4	My yelp friends at work have talked about this place a few times & i keep thinking we need to try it out. My husband woke up this morning & said he wanted to make Blueberry cream cheese crepes. I told him there was this place i wanted to try that made crepes & we should go there instead, and it is worth it to me to go out so I don't have to clean up a huge mess. So we took our dogs and had a great Sunday breakfast. They have a few patio tables outside & the Arizona weather is perfect right now to eat outside! The staff was great & they kept checking to make sure we had everything we needed which is great b/c sometimes when you are outside it can be easy to be ignored. I ordered a vanilla latte & my husband had a plain coffee. My latte was perfect, just sweet enough for me. My husband saw that they did indeed have blueberry cream cheese crepes & ordered one. I went a little more savory and ordered the turkey, avocado & pesto crepe. They were both fantastic. Pesto can be very oily, but this was perfect and really brought everything together in a perfect bite. The blueberry crepes were great too, but I'm glad i didn't have that to myself as it was very sweet & rich. My husband has a huge sweet tooth though & he is a sucker for blueberries so he was in heaven. The staff even brought a bowl of water out for our dogs. Great little spot to meet up for a cup of coffee & a light breakfast! Will definately be back.
5	My fiancee and I love this place.  We go here quite often on the weekends. The crepes are delicious, and they have several sweet, savory and breakfast crepes to choose from.The coffee is okay, usually pretty strong.The family that owns the place is really cool and they and like to joke around.Great place
4	Love this place. Very quaint and relaxed. The staff is very friendly and hospitable. My go to is the turkey and spinach. If you have banked some of you calories for the week go for the strawberries and Nutella.
4	We had a in-service training day at work, which means 8 hours of training, but everyone can go to lunch at the same time, so a group of us decided we would head on over to Cups N Crepes. I have wanted a crepe forever!! So off we went!We were a party of 8, and we had separate checks too, but never did our waitress get flustered with us, I have to say service was good and friendly, our drinks were filled, and we were taking care of, instead of bringing us separate checks we were told we would be rung up at the counter, that was easy for us!I couldn't make up my mind on if I wanted a savory or sweet crepe, so I went for both haha. I 1st ordered the Shirley, which is cream cheese, nutella (LOVE THAT STUFF), strawberries inside and topped with whipped cream and drizzled with chocolate sauce OMG that was pure heaven! Everything was great and perfect, I wanted more!! I think I could eat that every day for a month and never get tired of it, just so delish!Then I ordered the Turkey Pesto, which was pesto, turkey, cheese, avocado and tomato and yes this was a good savory crepe, but I ruined it by having the Shirley 1st, because at this point all I wanted was another Shirley haha.  The turkey pesto though is a good tasting crepe!  I noticed on the board on the way out that they have one that has chocolate, banana and coconut crepe; I know I am coming back for that, plus I already hear the Shirley calling my name!  See ya soon Cups N Crepes!
3	Delicious! The only downer is the price relative to the size of your meal. Too little food for what you pay.
4	Very delicious crepes. I do wish the staff smiled a bit more. Food is worth coming back though. Worth 4 stars def
5	My husband started going to this restaurant over 4 years ago and I have been going for over 3 years. It is family owned and they always remember us, no matter how long it is between visits. It is so awesome to walk into a place and see faces that you remember. They are very attentive and service is quick! They have a huge variety of crepes from sweet to savory. The Italian sodas are amazing and their hot chocolate is so fancy! I recommend this place to everyone!
4	This is my favorite weekend breakfast stop. It is local and family owned so the service is a bit quirky and they don't always take your order fast. Or cook it fast sometimes. And there seems to be a little east coast surliness some mornings, which I like.  But to me it is just what Ahwatukee needs, a place to have a coffee/chai, have a conversation with friends or family, read a magazine or fiddle with your iPad, and get a good crepe. But if the pace or service bugs you, there is a Cracker Barrel just down the street.  The crepes are yummy. Not like ones you get in London or Paris, or even Seattle for that matter. But for suburban Phoenix they are great. My guess is it is the ingredients. Not as fresh maybe?  The selection of crepes is good, and they have always accommodated any requests or custom orders.  I've had most of the "cupz" offerings as well and they are all good, hot or cold. My kids like the Italian sodas. I wish they had a bigger patio with a better view than the parking lot, but it is a strip mall and they do well with what they have. The decor is cute "Paris" without being over the top and they have books and coloring for the kids. They also have a couch area with a TV for any catching critical sporting events that might be on. The business level is unpredictable. Light during the week it can be packed on weekend mornings, but is sometimes empty. I recommend the eggs, ham and cheese for breakfast or the nutella and bananas for sweet crepes. I kind of wish they were open late. It would be great for coffee and desert crepes.
4	Good food, great owner, service and ambiance. After being there once, our server remembered our orders - and we didn't return for our second visit for months. I love that we felt like a regulars almost immediately. They know our kids and are always warm, friendly and inviting. If you're looking for a place to feel like you're noticed, this is the place for you. :) And I highly recommend the strawberries, banana and nutella crepe - yum!!
4	I met up with a friend yesterday for lattes and crepes. Perfect place for just that!This was my third visit but I hadn't been to CnC in about a year because I keep forgetting it's there!! I definitely won't forget next time I'm craving crepes 'cause they make 'em tasty here!The "patio" is just a sidewalk facing a parking lot but when it's nice outside, who cares? Our server was friendly, efficient and non-intrusive (thankfully, as we were definitely NOT in a rush). My latte was prepared exactly as I asked (special instructions that Starbucks often gets wrong somehow) and the servings are just the right size.I can personally recommend the Banana Nutella (just like the ones at Cibo!), the Strawberry Cream Cheese, and the Turkey Pesto. My friend loved her Strawberry, Kiwi with Honey. Also, very reasonable prices.
3	The food is great! I recommend the Graceland.However, customer service is very poor. The entire staff, which is very small, look very unhappy working there. I keep coming back because of the delicious food but the poor customer service is starting to take its toll. Like many of the other reviews, we all agree that the staff is very unfriendly. It doesn't matter if they are busy or not, they will still take awhile to greet you, get your drink order, etc. Also, I recommend asking for the check as soon as they deliver the food as they probably won't be coming back.It's a shame because the food is amazing--I just wish they had great service and the place would have the whole package!
4	I have been meeting friends here for along time, and I still keep coming back because of the great mix of atmosphere, service, and quality food.  The owners are very friendly, and know our drink orders us well enough to have them served as we pick out a table and sit down.  The recent decoration change has added a nice theme and fresh look, the red color is more lively than what it was before.I have tried every item except the salads, guess I just like the crepes so much more than rabbit food.  The food is just enough filling that you are neither stuffed or hungry, and the quality has always been great.  I never have heard any once complain or send anything back.  Usually the noise level is not too loud, but it could be if it was very crowded.  Many times I see people there with laptops.  I wonder if they are really working, or just pretending to be working...
4	This is a weekly place for  us. Same two servers (mother and daughter). This is more of a hang out. Don't go for a Parisian experience dressed in your Sunday best, it's more of a mom and pop shop to hang out and enjoy some quiet time.
4	Nice to find a good crepe's restaurant in my new 'hood ;) After a couple hours of hiking the trails at South Mountain, we were kinda famished (& thirsty). Yelp'ed a few options and decided on this one- crepe's sounded yummy.It was busy on a mid-Sunday morning, yet just two parties ahead of us waiting for tables. It was hot outside (PHOENIX ;p, its a given) but definitely "cooler" than the past few days. Hungry = getting cold drinks and deciding to sit outside. It actually was comfortable, and we were able to order & get our food quickly. Simple menu, great options. My friend went wit the featured special, I built my own savory crepe. Devoured. We both got nutella crepes for "dessert"....not as good as my spot I found in San Diego, though good nonetheless. It was starting to really heat up so the whipped creme melted literally as soon as they were brought to us. Okay with me, since I wasn't gonna eat it anyway but it was funny. Waitress brought us extra glasses of water- she knew we were in the "warm" area- great service.Greatly priced, fast and pleasant service, great size portions. This may be a tradition in the making. ;p
5	Fantastic. Fresh. Great service. Beautifully designed and relaxing ambiance. Can't wait to go back and try the sweet crepes.
5	I love this place! I came for breakfast by myself & it instantly became a favorite. I try to come each weekend that I'm home. First off It's a very relaxed atmosphere and the customer service is great! They offer breakfast, lunch & dessert crepes & they are Delicious!! My usuals are either the Nutella Crepe-YUM or the savory Chicken Supreme-Soo Freaking Good! If you're looking for a chill atmosphere to enjoy some amazing crepes, then Cupz N' Crepes is the place for you!
5	My husband and I come here on a weekly basis. The crepes are delicious (especially the nutella and banana) and the ingredients are always fresh.  Coffee is good and the staff (that consists of mother, son and daughter) are always friendly and welcoming. Sometimes service takes a while when they are busy but they are worth the wait! We love this place and will continue to go there as long as we live in Arizona. We also voted them the best cafe on bestofphoenix2012.comGood luck Cupz nd Crepes!
3	Loved all the Eiffel Towers around, didn't love the slow service.We came at a busy time and waited for an hour to be seated & get our food. Once the food arrived it was pretty good. The strawberry, almond, & honey crepe was delicious! My husband enjoyed the nutella crepe. The iced tea and coffee were so-so. We would definitely go back, but on a much quieter day!
4	One word: Nutella.Any crepe with Nutella and you WILL NOT be disappointed.
4	Great place for free wi-fi and mellow ambiance.  Crepes were good too.  The coffee was good, but they gave me a huge latte when I order a cappuccino.  It is surprising how common this is throughout the valley.  Coffee snobs who know what coffee should be like, might prefer Seattle Espresso down the street.As far as ambiance, Cupz n Crepes wins.  Usually the Eiffel Tower motif seems too trite, but I didn't mind it so much here.  The spread here offered warmth of a woman's touch too.  Although it was far from old-timey, it seemed like a smiling grandmother might come out of the kitchen door with an apron and the smell of fresh apple pie.
3	Some of the poorest customer service I have ever experienced, but the crepes and drinks were very good :)
5	One of my favorite places to eat. Great staff who remember my order when I come in. They have good coffee and great food. I would definitely recommend this place to anyone.
5	Wonderful, wonderful, wonderful!!! This is a great local restaurant that you should experience. The staff is wonderful and friendly, the setting is quaint and the crepes are to die for. I had a breakfast crepe and e en though it was pretty filling I had to order another type of crepe just because it was so good.
3	A cute little cafe with great decor, and serving an assortment of sweet and savory crepes! They also have a reeeally nice women's bathroom!It's a great place to meet with friends or study, but as for the crepes, I've had better. Although they are reasonably priced, the ingredients don't seem that quality. (Maybe I'm spoiled from Crepevine) I ordered a turkey pesto crepe expecting actual turkey but it was just a couple pieces of packaged turkey slices. And though the pesto was tasty, it was clearly a store-bought spread. And the crepe itself was so-so. Guess I'll have to try a sweet crepe next time...Also, the waitress wasn't that friendly, and the overall customer service wasn't great.
4	First timers on a Sunday morning.  We were greeted by the staff very friendly and sat ourselves next to the cute Paris style cafe decorations.  Staff was very friendly and the customers that were there already were all talking amongst themselves and talking up the owner.  It seemed very inviting that everyone knew each other.  We ordered regular coffees which came promptly and hot and pretty tasty.  My husband ordered a savory crepe of eggs, bacon and cheddar cheese.  The bacon was crisp and the whole crepe was really great.  I had the lingonberry and cream cheese crepe dusted with powder sugar...super yum.  Each crepe is reasonably priced at $5.00ish dollars.  This place is very laid back and the server asked us if we wanted more coffee after the meal was over.  We declined, but it was nice to know we wouldn't be rushed if we did accept.  Overall, great place to go for breakfast and we were in and out in just a little over a half an hour!  I'm a fan and will be back and craving their crepes!
5	So good and soooo cheap. I love the turkey pesto or the strawberry cream cheese, but honestly everything is great. My kid orders off the menu...a pb, banana and bacon crepe. Yum!
4	I really like this neighborhood restaurant. They have a pretty extensive menu of options or you can just build your own.  I usually stick with an egg based one for breakfast.  The Cheese Avocado & Mushroom add Egg is my personal favorite. They are a good size and service is pretty prompt. The staff is nice and make pretty good espresso drinks in the times I have .  I usually always get a mocha and they are quite good. It has a comfortable atmosphere  and plenty of room to sit down and take a break.  I'll have to come by and try them for lunch even though I usually stick to breakfast :)Try:- Cheese Avocado & Mushroom + egg- Mocha
1	Not the best crepes I've ever had--but not the worst either.  Their service made the two times I've eaten here some of the worst dining experiences of my life.  My wife and I wasted 2+ hours on both occasions because of how poorly this operation is run.  Waitress covered in tattoos from head to toe--thought she was part of a prison work-release program, but I guess she is the owners' daughter?  At least 30 minutes after being seated for her to even show up to the table.  Spent the next 30 minutes attempting to get silverware, water, and coffee--actually went and refilled my own water glass twice to avoid the wait.  An hour after ordering, the food arrives, which made sense when I saw that the henpecked husband/owner was the only one cooking on a jam-packed Sunday morning.  His head was bowed like a dog awaiting a beating from the wife/owner who is a truly nasty, arrogant person.  I could not believe her snarky comments--actually shocked me into silence.  Whenever one of her "buddies" arrived, nasty woman rushed right to their table, set it, and catered to their every need, ignoring all other patrons.  So maybe it is her intent to chase away those who are not in the "inner circle?"  Prices were a bit on the ridiculous side, all things considered, and I'm not going back in an effort to sycophant my way into the "inner circle."  Lady, I hope your "pals" continue to keep your doors open because, if they don't, I seriously doubt you can maintain a viable enterprise--the food wasn't so spectacular that anyone outside the "circle" would willingly ignore the crap you displayed.
5	The place is usually busy, but has a nice chill/laid back Ahwatukee feel.  They have a big selection of crepes and coffees.  I dig the banana and nutella crepe.  They have much healthier crepe selections if you don't need the sugar+coffee buzzzz.
5	Awesome creeps and a close family feel
5	My husband & I love this place. The coffee is amazing and I crave the crepes on a weekly basis. The fillings are always fresh and delicious. I love the people here & think the service is great. It's a family business and when we come here it feels like we're part of the family, and there are many local regulars who seem to feel the same way. The interior remodel looks great too. Free wifi is also a plus.
5	Great crepes. Many options.
5	We have been looking for a nice non-chain breakfast spot & we have certainly found one here!! This is a nice small cafe-style restaurant that specializes in crepes. The ones we tried were the turkey pesto, a breakfast cheese, avocado & mushroom, and from the sweet menu, The Shirley. All 3 were so delish!! One thing that we noticed, being mushroom lovers, is they did not skimp on the mushrooms. One of my biggest peeves is when go to order a mushroom dish & you only get like three or four in your entree. The mushroom crepe was loaded :) and it was very much appreciated!! All the crepes were good portions. All were cooked perfectly, not over or undercooked. Our sweet one, The Shirley, we were able to split between three of us! Perfect finish to our meal :) Great service and atmosphere as well! Good job Cupz N' Crepes! We will certainly be returning!
5	Shhh...it's a secret!  I love this place.  Looking for some tasty crepes and a large latte, this place is a MUST go! My fiance and I visit this local establishment, hidden in a small strip mall every other Saturday.  The menu has plenty of choices of sweet and savory crepes, we get one of each.  We recommend the Strawberry & Nutella and the spinach with ricotta cheese.  They also serve several coffee beverages from peppermint lattes to iced mochas.  We'll keep going back as it's one of our favorites.
5	Tucked away in a small shopping center, Cupz and Crepes is an Ahwatukee treasure. Recently it's become even more popular, but it has stayed true to quality and  taste. Always, always get the Strawberry, Banana and Nutella crepe before leaving!
4	I love this place!I always order the hot latte and strawberry with nutella crepes...I just don't like their schedule, they close too early
5	The crepes are to die for!!!  I went with my hubby and son and we loved the food.  You will have to wait a bit for your food, but well worth it.  The service was on top of drinks and letting us know that it would take time to make our scrumptous crepes.  I beleive this is a family owned establishment and you can tell that they take pride in the service and wonderful breakfast/lunch.  Gotta check this place out.
4	With the right equipment and enough sweat equity, I know I can make crepes like how they make it here, but why bother? This place is convenient, decently priced, enough menu choices to pick from, and it's just such a treat to lazily enjoy a weekend brunch here. The crepes are always soft and perfectly warm, and they don't really skimp on the ingredients they shove in those delicate little things. So beware that when you order a crepe with more than 5 items in it, you may have to upgrade your fork to a shovel. And their coffee drinks aren't half bad either.
5	I've grown very fond of this place.  I've come here several times over the past six months or so.  The crepes are consistently excellent and reasonably priced.  The crepes themselves are crispier than you usually find, but personally I prefer it to the soft ones.  What others have said about the service is true.  Sometimes it gets slow when the place is packed, and sometimes you get forgotten once your food has been served.  It may be time to hire some additional staff.  However, the owner recognizes the regulars and builds good rapport with them, a serious plus in my mind.  As far as the coffee goes, it's the best place in Ahwatukee if you're a chain-hater like me.  It's priced typically (i.e., too expensive, but about the same as any Starbucks in Arizona) and they have tons of latte options.  I'm definitely a fan.Recommended:  BLTA, Nutella and bananas, Iced salted caramel latte.
3	The food is good.  It's a nice breakfast spot and I'll probably end up eating here a lot.  The savory crepes are better than the sweet (in my opinion) and the coffee drinks are tasty.  There are a few things I'd like to see change though:  - A hostess would be welcome.  Being my first time here I walked in and was unsure of what to do.  There's a register and a long counter so there was no clear indicator as to whether it was counter service or table service.  I had to track down an employee to find out.  - The service is spotty.  There were two waitresses working when I was there.  Every table was full so it was 15 minutes before we got to order.  - The wait times for food.  After ordering it was 20-25 minutes for two crepes.  That's way too much.  I didn't mind as I wasn't in a hurry but it made me sure to never come here if you have anywhere to be in the next 90 minutes.  I like crepes and  I like coffee and I like good service.  Two out of three ain't bad.
3	The sweet crepes are great. From classic simple lemon juice to the Nutella bananas . But the savory crepes are quite run of the mill, uninspired. But the coffee and the relaxed coffee shop vibe is welcoming. But the service is uneven, and a fly bothered us on the last two visits.Was undecided between four stars or three, until I ate crepes today in San Jose, CA. Smoked salmon, and fast friendly service. A good reference point, so overall it really is a three star place. But come in for coffee with friends and share a sweet crepe? Then maybe five stars!
3	The food, delicious! They do an awesome job with the combinations and the crepe itself, Amazing. Sweet and savory I like both of their options. I've been here several times now and I'll have to say I've never had great service. Today was definitely the worst. I didn't feel welcomed and it certainly didn't make me feel like I should go back anytime soon. I like crepes and I wouldn't say that I seek them out. What makes the difference for me as a customer beyond the good food is great service. I'll come back all the time and be a really loyal customer when the atmosphere is warm. Today I felt more like it was an inconvenience for us to be eating and getting waited on. I was there for 2 hours and wanted to order more food but the server only came to the table twice (to take the order and to deliver the food). I wanted more water and my cup was empty for at least an hour and a half. So I can't say that I'll be going to this place anytime soon for a dine in. If you're big on service I'd say be cautious going here or order to go if you absolutely look crepes because although the food is good the service is not.
4	Yummy! Great food, and one of the few places they remember your name. Terri is a terrific waitress. Savory or sweet- you can't go wrong.
4	Odd that there are two entries, but regardless I love this place and will gladly write two reviews. Love Terri, and the food is great.
2	Many people had said this place was an awesome place to study on their reviews, I pretty much got kicked out so I wouldn't agree. When I walked in it was empty and I had never been there before so I assumed it was more like a coffee house not table service. The girl explained it was table service and I asked if it was alright to study and she said "it gets pretty busy on the weekends," I was already there so I decided I might as well have breakfast.  The crepe was okay, not impressive by any means, I expected it to be warm and it was pretty cold. Then they made a point of letting me know that they had a wait list (even though there was clearly another person studying that was a regular) and brought me my check.  Never asked if I would have liked anything else, I was considering buying an americano (only because the coffee was so weak.)  Fun every once and a while brunch place, but don't go there to study or for the service.
5	my hang out spot. I love the people and the food. The coffee is excellent. The spot to hang out and do homework or catch up with a friend.
4	Best crepes I have had in the states. I'm boring, I always get the Nutella with Strawberries & Bananas, but it's SO GOOD. Staff is friendly, and the ambiance is nice. They renovated and redid the decor and it looks much nicer. I don't go here as often as I'd like anymore, but when I do get to go it's a special treat for me. I would have given 5 stars, but as they've become more popular, the service has gone downhill a little. Last time I was there it took quite awhile to get my food. I will still keep coming back though. The food is always delicious and the prices are decent.
2	The best thing about this place is the coffee drinks!   The food is "ok" but the quality of service is lacking big time.  I brought in a 7 person group and felt I was intruding on their day.  Can't say I'll never go back but I really hope the owners put a little more sincerity into their service side of the house.
5	I wish I had this place closer to my home.  I love the atmosphere it is friendly, inviting and cozy.  It's perfect to enjoy some delicious food and coffee or just run in to get coffee before work.  It is made to perfection and the prices are very reasonable compared to other coffee shops.  The crepes are light and fresh.  I have had the nutella and strawberry crepe and all I have to say is can I get another. please!!  They have specialty lattes with seasonal selections.  My last latte was a pumpkin latte, and don't tell anyone at Starbucks, but it was hands down the best pumpkin latte I have had!  If you're in the area, I would recommend stopping by for a bite to eat and a cup of coffee!
5	This place was so DELISH! It had a cute contemporary/Parisian atmosphere. I had "Nat's" which is the equivalent to a buffalo chicken crepe & an Irish Creme Italian Soda. Will definitely be back!!!
5	I had read that service could be a bit slow - happens when every thing is made wonderfully fresh to order! Despite this and only having one hour before an airport run, we could not resist. When we walked in I mentioned we had an hour and asked if we would be OK. The owner said if we were quick to order we'd be fine!Quick to order....was a tough ask with so many incredible savory and sweet options, not to mention the BYO! We rose to the challenge and built our own savory (they charged it according to the least expensive ingredients????) and ordered the banana, cream cheese, caramel sweet.While we were battling the menu options the owner made sure to let her staff know we were pushed for time and they were on it.The crepes were perfect - chewy and moist and slightly crisp on the edges. Very generous fillings and the pumpkin spice latte was 'the best' DHI wish we had longer than an hour but as we were leaving within our 60 minute window a line was growing at the door.Friendly staff, lovely decor, hard working owners, welcoming regulars, great attention to detail and an all around gem of a place.We will be back for sure!
4	This place is so friendly. We have been coming here for a while & they remember our regular orders. Great atmosphere. Just chill.
4	After reading most of the reviews, I thought we were going to have to wait for a long time to get our food. We came here at 1030 on a Monday, the place was 3/4 full and we probably waited at most 10 min to get our food.  It was good. The staff isn't overly friendly, but they aren't as slow as some reviews say. I would recommend this place.
1	I had really high hopes for this place. So many people really seem to enjoy this eatery, but I was not impressed. The atmosphere of the location isn't bad- though I've attempted to eat here on the weekend, only to be forced to sit outside in the sun because there was no room to eat inside, and apparently it never occurred to them to let me wait for a table (I ended up leaving before eating during that visit). This time, though, there were few people in the restaurant. It was nice and quiet. The service, in my opinion, was rather slow despite the lack of patrons. I ended up ordering a hot tea and a ham, egg & cheese crepe. The tea was okay. It looks like they're using a higher quality tea, but it tasted a lot like tap water to me- so I ended up tasting more of the water and less of the tea. The crepe was bad. I couldn't even finish mine. It was soggy and reminded me of a tortilla more than a crepe. And on top of that, no one bothered to ask if everything looked okay. If the food was good, or if I or my companion needed anything. I'd rather go eat at the crepe bar instead.
5	This is AMAZING.  Must try it!! Worth a drive and the calories!!!
4	Charming little cafe with a unique and delicious menu item- crepes. I love the sweet crepes and I always order the stawberry with nutella crepe. The coffees are delicious too. I have been here about 6 times recently and while the staff are very friendly, it seems they are always short 1-2 people during the mornings and weekends. Typical wait time for me when I dine alone is about 30-40 minutes. Just be prepared for that, enjoy a coffee and the atmosphere.
5	This place is great. Its a little family owned place with great fresh food at good prices. I have had a few different crepes (Chicken Supreme, Blueberries and Cream Cheese, Apple Cinnamon and I think I had an Egg, cheese and Bacon one). I have to say for the savory ones, the Chicken Supreme is awesome, fresh smell and taste of the Pesto and spinach with Mozzarella is a great combo.I've seen some reviews about the service being slow or bad but I guess it depends on your expectations. I go here after hiking at South Mountain and I am not in a rush for anything. I was going there 1 to 2 times a week for a few months but recently haven't had the time to make over there. Instead of coming out to refill my iced tea they started just leaving a small pitcher on the table for me and my friends which I preferred. At the end of our meal they provided to go cups for the iced tea too. So, to me the service was good.If it wasn't 20-25 minutes from me, I would still be going there weekly.
1	AWFUL LEARN HOW TO RUN A RESTAURANT!!  Decent food but who wants to wait 2 hours for a crape?? All the guest look at each other like What the heck is going on. Pathetic!!
5	I love this place! I've been here many times for breakfast and once for lunch. Their chai latte is delicious and I don't even care for tea.  I normally order a savory crepe with egg, cheese, bacon, avocado and mushroom, but I have also experimented and done my own variations. The one time I came here for lunch, I tried the turkey pesto and it was good, but I'd opt for breakfast over lunch any day. The sweet crepes are really good as well; the Shirley is rich and decadent. Anything with Nutella wins in my book. The ingredients always seem fresh and proportionate.  The service can be slow, but the quality of food is worth the wait especially given that it's a non-chain restaurant.  And the people who work there have always been friendly even when it seemed they were overwhelmed. I definitely recommend coming here if you love crepes and a relaxed atmosphere.
4	My friend and I road out bikes here! The crepe was the perfect size and it hit the spot! I had the sunshine crepe with vanilla yogurt and no whipped cream! It was perfect, and not too sweet!! An absolutely lovely place to enjoy some of the finest French crepes!
5	The Crepe Bar in Tempe finally has a stiff competitor.  I absolutely am in love with this place, price and the right variety in menu.Their menu price is anywhere between $3-$7.  Very affordable!  The facility is very small, and you may have to wait a few minutes prior to being seated.  The service is a little slow and takes a bit to warm up to the staff because initially because they did not come off too friendly.My 3 kids and I ordered 3 dessert crepes. We ordered Nutella w/whip, banana Nutella and a savory cheese, egg and avocado crepe! Delish!! My son does not like crepes because he is very particular with what he eats however this crepe hit the right spot because he guzzled it down like water.  The portion size is enough to fill you up! The crepes were soft, fresh and just right! The fillings were made with fresh vegetables and fruits without the gooey preserves that normally comes with any fruit crepe.We would definitely come back! We spent a whopping $17 for 4 orders of crepes and an iced vanilla latte!
5	Very good. It was extremely busy, so I thought that the service would be slow, but it wasn't. Good food-creeps are a bit thicker and heartier than I've had, but both the savory and the sweet ones were crammed full. Good decor-the place has regulars, which is a tribute to the good service and food. My only wish is that they get a "seat yourself" or a "please wait to be seated sign" and a "take out" sign for first timers.
5	Had a Shirley today because the Yelp said to try it and it was great. I normally create my own but wanted something sweet and this was perfect. I'm going to go back and try every one of their crepes throughout this summer. Great iced coffee too! Very strong so buyer beware.
5	Amazing!  Great savory crepes. And the desert crepes . . . WOW!  Definitely a new favorite.
5	Awesome place for crepes and coffee. Went here for the first time today, and we were extremely satisfied. The selection is great and the prices are awesome at under $7 per crepe. We drove an hour to get here today because there are no crepe places near us, and it was worth it. I got the Chicken Supreme crepe with a Shirley for dessert. It was a ton of food, and the Turtle blended coffee was great. I can't wait to come back and try more of their selection.
4	First of all Try the Nutella crepe!!! The BLT crepe is great too! The owners are very kind. The only disadvantage to coming here is the service is very slow. Sometimes you will be waiting for someone to come great you for about 10 minutes.
5	I adore this breakfast/brunch place. Every time i have out of town guests or a day to meet up with friends this is my first pick. Every time I go there I am happy with the level of service, friendliness of the staff  and quality of the astounding crepes. I would recommend them to anyone.
1	Me and my friend went here on a saturday. We are in our 20s and not from az. We had high hopes but they were not met. Our waitress was not nice. We ordered two coffees and one crepe and a parfait. It took 15 minutes for her to bring us water and coffee.  People around us who showed up later than us all received there food before we did. It took 30 minutes for my friends crepe. They were not nice and treated us bad because we were in our 20s. It was horrible customer service.
5	Had a Red, White, and Blue to represent the US in the World Cup. These folks are always so accommodating. They put the game on for me and even turned up the volume! Food was excellent, iced coffee is super strong. GREAT Service, coffee, food, in that order!
1	The wait staff is horrible. Waited 5 minutes before I was even acknowledged. When I chose to sit outside ( the only place there was an available table), I sat for another 10 minutes before anyone came to my table, and that was only because they saw me get up to leave. Very disappointed. I was really looking forward to trying this place.
1	Don't go for breakfast unless you want sweet crepes. Hubby and I had egg, cheese, bacon crepes and they were soggy, squishy, and tasteless. No side dish-just a single crepe on a small plate. Coffee was good and seemed like lots of people there for lunch-type items so maybe that's better but I was really hoping for something like a crepe Lorraine with hollandaise on it but they have no sauces. Not coming back, unfortunately. Was very much unimpressed.
5	Breakfast amazing! We tried the breakfast crepe despite someone posting they were not a good choice. We had the mushroom, avocado & feta. It was good. Of course the nutella was perfect. We finished up with strawberries and cream cheese. Happy to was fresh strawberries and not frozen. We will be back! Service was prompt, friendly and food was quick. We will be back
5	Love eating here! I try and go at least once a week. The staff is friendly and great to converse with. The food is always excellent and you cannot beat the prices! I try and take as many friends as I can for breakfast or brunch.
5	Yes!My husband and I frequent here for lunch! We love it, inexpensive and delicious. The chicken supreme crepe is amazing! For the sweet crepes, I enjoy the simple but tasty sugar and lemon juice. And for coffee lovers, you must get the hot salted caramel latte. Yum!
4	This is a cute little place that's almost a bit hidden in a shopping center of sorts but amazing none the less! I followed the great reviews and brought my husband and friend for breakfast. The sweet crepes are tasty and plentiful in variety. I got chocolate, banana and coconut while my friend got the Shirley (nutella, cream cheese, bananas and strawberries) Both were amazing and positively delicious! My husband got the bacon egg and cheese which he said was good but had microwaved (albeit expertly done so) bacon. Hence being unable to give 5 stars. My advice is... Go for something sweet and enjoy this great crepe shop in a city that's lacking such a place ^_^
5	Seriously tasty crepes! Breakfast and lunch crepes were tasty and produce was fresh and delightful
5	This place was simply amazing. I went here with a friend for breakfast and we were met with an amazingly accommodating and friendly staff, a dizzying array of lattes (my absolute favorite), a plentiful menu of sweet and savory crepes, and a well-cultivated atmosphere. For a local, neighborhood fold of France, this was the perfect spot. Highly recommended.
4	Delicious! Can't say much more... Highly recommended and my family and kids love it here!
5	Great place! Clean and good food. Very friendly staff and very reasonable.
2	The place looked great. Very unique and Paris decorated. But really slow service. Slow...for a crepe. The dough used wasn't very good either. Too thick and doughy, not very sweet. Won't be back to this place.
5	The yummiest most delicious crepes west of the Mississippi. Fair prices too. Felt like i was in a cafe in Europe.
5	I love this place.  My all time fave is the sweet crepe that has cream cheese, banana, caramel and whip cream on top, fantastic!  Terri is so sweet too.  I've never been disappointed in any of the crepes I've chosen.  I make a point to bring all out-of-town visitors here & refer customers in my boutique as well!  I'll be a customer forever!
5	The crepes are delicious! We come here for breakfast or for lunch. For lunch, we always order a salad in addition to the crepes. We enjoy both the sweet and the savory crepes. This is also a good place to meet friends for coffee. They have a good selection of coffees and teas. The service is great. I'm happy to have this restaurant here in Ahwatukee.
5	The most delicious crepes ever! So much to choose from and very friendly staff. A great place to go & it's  one of my favorite places.
4	I love their coffee ! They have amazing huge portion coffees and lattes ! Portion just like in France :)   It's flavorful strong and their white chocolate will make it yummy sweet but not over sweet treat :)My family loves the crepe here , it's a little too thick for my liking but it's still a great little cafe :).   Friendly stuff ! Awesome place, crepe is good it's just my preference is thinner softer crepe.
3	I didn't realize this was a sit down restaurant when I went in.  My 9 year old and I were meeting friends for lunch at 11 am somewhere else.  We were leaving the allergist and starving at 10 am so wanted a small snack to share.  Tried the breakfast crepe with avocado and feta cheese with mushrooms on the side.  It was good.  Not as fabulous as I had hoped it would be.  My daughter loved the crepe part but decided she wasn't a fan of feta cheese.I would try it again for sure.  They were super busy and it was cheap.  Less than $6 with tax!
5	Friendly service and delicious coffee. I'm addicted to their Totti, best iced coffee west of the i10. Love that we have a place like this in the neighborhood.  Everyone who works there is super nice and easy to talk to. The definition of a hidden gem but I think people are starting to catch on. Maybe I'm not the only Totti addict!
1	Poor service. We waited 30 minutes for our food and we had not one, not two, but three different servers.  We live around the corner and were hoping for a delicious new breakfast place to come to on the weekends and left very disappointed.  Food was decent, service so poor I don't plan on ever going back.
4	Delicious! I love the dessert crepes, I could probably eat all of them in one sitting. Today I ordered the Strawberry Nutella crepe and it is to die for. Just the right amount of cream, nutella, and strawberries to make the crepe a delicious treat instead of a sugar overload. I will say that the service is not the best. The lady who served us (I'm pretty sure the restaurant owner) was not friendly towards my table at all and no one greeted us as we came in or left.
4	Good crepes, fast and friendly service. We tried a crepe from the sweet and from the savory side: chicken supreme crepe and nutella crepe. A great place to get your crepe fix regardless of what you're in the mood for.
5	My favorite breakfast hangout spot in Ahwatukee. The owners are great and make me feel at home. It's full of regulars who are always welcoming. Ask for the strongest coffee and they'll get ya going!I always make my own crepe.  Changing it up constantly,  never disappointing.
4	May not be the best crepes, but by far the best thing we've got in Ahwatukee and a very nice place for brunch! Sometimes a little slow and a little pricey, but usually worth it!
