5	If you want to know what's happening in town, you need to pick up the Isthmus. The apartment listings are good and so are its extensive listings of all things happening in Madison and the surrounding area. The articles make for good reading while on the bus or waiting for an oil change. Sometimes they're interesting and sometimes not. It's free and their website is helpful when looking for something to do.
4	One of my 1st stops I hit when I want to know what's going on in Mad City.  Good guides, poking fun and interesting stories.  I really wish they'd lighten up a bit more....or maybe I just wish it was a little more like the Village Voice.Either way it's good for the locals here.
2	On a charitable day I might've given Isthmus 3 stars, but I also felt the need to balance out the inflated marks it's gotten so far. Every Madison-size or larger community benefits from having a free, weekly alternative newspaper, and The Isthmus is definitely handy for concert and show listings, farmers' market schedules, restaurant reviews, etc etc. But by and large the content is kinda weak. Bill Lueders occasionally has an interesting article in his watchdog column, also occasionally gets apoplectic about rather trivial issues. The media reviewers (Dean Robbins, Kenneth Burns) are consistently lousy. Every so often there's an interesting feature article. The Isthmus also likes to play up its independence but takes potshots at other local media on a regular basis.   I'm glad there's a free weekly in Madison, but I really wish there was a better one than The Isthmus. Madison's an interesting and  dynamic community, and it deserves better.
1	I have picked up a copy of the Isthmus for years, and it is a good FREE weekly paper that tells you what is going on in town in terms of music, movies, clubs, etc. The Isthmus though has lost it's best champion - Bill Lueders. He has decided to leave the paper, and that is a true shame. He carried the paper for all of these years, and frankly the rest of the writers while O.K., are so heavily biased it is not even funny. Biased towards the left - the FAR left. If you want equal coverage, fair coverage of Democrats AND Republicans - do not pick up this paper. The heavy bias in favor of liberals cannot be overstated. I find it odd that a couple of months after the protests at the Capitol when in response to letters about a article in the paper that I guess did not have enough liberal spin, Bill Lueders said the paper is NOT biased towards any group and covers all groups equally - he is gone. His attitude towards the protests apparently hurt him as well, as he was perceived as not being as gung-ho in favor of the protests as he could have been. It all smells to me like he was forced out. Just my opinion. However it took place, the paper has lost Bill Lueders. And that means one less reason to pick up this paper weekly, when you can get all of the info online as well for free.
3	Please teach restaurant reviewers to do a blueprint--we are not interested in their auditions for "creativity"--please simply offer basic information about hours, whether table service is offered, if parking is streetside or lot, etc. The reviewers often seem more interested in presenting an array of foodie adjectives to telegraph their gastronomical experiences than in helping potential diners select a new establishment. Furthermore, they should consider universal appeal instead of their personal resume of dining events.  A recent review, for instance, of a wonderful local tacqueria wanted us to know more about "kyle's" tolerance of chyle than of the offerings of the restaurant. We all know that a review of a restaurant can make or break the place--consider the owners' investments and drop the cutsie stuff--just get to the point.  We all appreciate objective information as much as possible. Also, please consider register. Employing the  inarguably informal phrase "go nuts" with "aforementioned" this or that looks like too much fun with Roget's. The review is not about you--it's about them and us.  Thanks for noting my  foodie feedback.
