5	Viva Las Vegas...but I'm feeling puny.  Looking for a clinic to get a little care in the Red Rock area and this place was recommended.  Went into the walgreens.  Signed in via computer. Taken in a room by Dr.Tina and given the twice over, peed in a cup and she sent me away with the needed medication.  Quick, professional, caring and reasonably priced without all the joy of sitting in an emergency room that looks like the streets of Calcutta for hours. I will use this for vaccinations and minor medical stuff.  This is beyond convenient.
3	I usually go to the Walgreens that's closer to my house, but today I was near this one and decided to stop by and pick up some Dove Dark Chocolate Candy for the Better Half.  It is her Birthday today and one of her favorite things is Dove Dark Chocolate.I can count on Walgreens to be able to provide me the awesomeness that will make me a hero for today.  Since she had to work on her Birthday, I thought I'd surprise her with some of these bad boys and another one of her favorites.Will I return?  To this location, only when I'm nearby.
1	Crazy high ripoff prices!
5	5 stars because the service is good, prices right and it's the only drugstore we attend
5	They're fast to fill my prescription, it's always ready when they promised, and the drive-thru pharmacy is never busy when I go. Can't ask for more than that. Definitely great for prescriptions!
5	Great location!
5	There is an asian lady there...that is so helpful everytime I go in. I must get her name!Look for her in the store if you need anything.. She goes above and beyond and that is very unusual.
1	First. I get my prescription filled here the same time every month. Second, they started a new policy that for controlled substances, they have to call your dr to verify as to why it is being prescribed. That is a HIPPA violation. Third, the pharmacists think they have the option to not fill the medicine if it has been less that a month. The dr wouldn't write it in the first place if it wasn't needed or too early. You are a pharmacist, not a dr! Do your job and fill medicine. Don't act like you are a dr. Cause you're not!
5	Went to the Take Care Clinic found in this Walgreens and service was great.  A Ronald Pasia was the APN that gave me my booster shot and he was very nice and made me very relaxed - I hate needles.  The wait time wasn't bad at all.  Just make sure you make an appointment even though they accept walk ins.  Very happy with the service!
3	They've got a wide selection of cheap cosmetics, and an even bigger section for cough and cold meds, but it's so EXPENSIVE! I mean, except for the cosmetics. They have everything you need for your sniffles, but you'll need a second mortgage on your house before they're done with you! And the pharmacy is really really slow.. And again, expensive. If you go to the clinic here, do yourself a favor and fill your prescriptions somewhere else. Walmart is cheap, and if you hate Walmart, Smith's is surprisingly affordable. Seriously, even the clinic staff will advise you to go elsewhere. It's really more 2 1/2 stars, but I'll bump it to 3, simply because of the selection and the fact that they have a clinic right in store. You can't beat if for convenience.
3	Perfectly fine. Open later than other local Walgreens. Nothing particularly notable about this Walgreens --- like many places, if you need a serious over the counter cough/cold medicine bring your I.D. No need to bring Breaking Bad into this!
1	I am writing to reiterate to you my most recent experience with your Walgreen's store on Lake Mead and Buffalo in Las Vegas, Nevada. Perhaps a brief history on my son's health might express the frustration I'm feeling towards your store. My son was born with a urinary reflux that requires him daily antibiotics to keep him out of the hospital (he was admitted as a newborn with an infection).  Last month, I picked up his prescription and it was only one bottle. I asked the pharmacy technician about this, because in the past we were given two bottles because each bottle was only good for two weeks. I was assured this time that one bottle would be fine.      This past weekend, calling in my refill I noticed the expiration date was two weeks past. Still, not too worried I spoke to the pharmacist to ensure the one bottle was safe, as I was told. After being transferred numerous times, to my surprise the pharmacist apologized stating that it was not safe for my infant to only have the one bottle and that the past two weeks he has been getting a minimally effective dosage.  My trust in the competence of your pharmacy could have placed my son in the hospital again. I find it appalling that such an error could occur especially when ultimately, a customers health is at risk.       Due to my son's prescription being erroneously filled, I was offered to have my payment waived (a whopping $7.oo) to which I found insulting. My son's well-being was at risk due to your error, but here's $7.00.
2	This Walgreens is just ok. The store itself is very clean and organized, the cashier are also most of the time nice and helpful. The pharmacy is another story. I've dealt with both walk up and drive thru and the customer service is atrocious in both areas. The drive thru is much worse, fyi. I have a script that I drop off every single month, and for the most part they have it. This medication is usually back ordered some places, so I have to come here... barf. Any who, one time I was in the DT and the pharm tech let me know my medication was not in stock, I asked if they had it in any other WGs and she said she didnt know. BUUUUT she went above and beyond for this male in the car next to mine. LAME.Again, my medicine was out of stock and again they wouldnt call other locations, so I asked for my other script I had dropped off... they couldnt find it nor was it in their "log" they keep. 10 mins later the rude pharm tech found it and told me to come back in an hour.Like I said, the pharmacy is hit or miss... mostly miss for me, but the store is pretty decent.Take your scripts to an independent pharmacy like Spring Valley or to Target where theyre actually super nice!Yay!
2	I don't have high expectations for a pharmacy, but I had a really bad experience here.  I was a huge rush, with my 3 year old daughter in the back seat, and I went to the drive thru so I don't have to take her out.  I pulled up, with no one in front of me.  I know someone saw me because they were using the computer right by the window.  I literally waited there 10 minutes without even being acknowledged!  There were 3 people working the counters!!  Someone could have helped me...I even honked and no one came to say anything!  They just looked at me and carried on...I just drove out there so upset, and without my medications..horrible..
5	I have been with Walgreens since I was a wee lass. In my hometown, you equate medicine with Walgreens. In Vegas, I didn't change a thing and just headed over to this one and claimed it as my own. It's such an easy layout with fast lines and a newly remodeled cosmetics area. It's always well kept and clean - rarely, if ever, has anything I've gone for been out of stock. The pharmacy staff is always helpful and moves in a timely manner. I can drop off my prescription and have it filled in 15 minutes. Great for the gal on the go. Or dude.
