4	Good bartenders, biker friendly, food specials and kareoke thurs - sun. This is an awesome neighborhood bar!
2	Came here for a beer after work on a Friday and wasn't too impressed. I don't think I am asking too much for my beer to be cold.  I think it was served in a glass that came right out of the dishwasher.
5	This is my go-to hang out on the weekends. There is karaoke Thursday through Sunday nights, hosted by Charley (not the bar's owner, he calls himself the mascot). There is also name that tune on Saturday night (SO not my thing, but some people love it). As I have said previously, I'm not an inbiber of alcohol, but I've heard no complaints about the prices here. They have great parties on all the big holidays. It's really fun!As for the atmosphere, it's hard to pin down. It's one part biker bar, one part sports bar, one part karaoke bar, one part pool and dart hall, and the rest is not easy to describe. I feel comfortable there and I'm sure you will too!
1	Went for the first time to hear a co-worker sing and sing myself. Had a steak and shrimp dinner - nothing to write home about but not bad either. The wait staff seemed ambivalent about whether they'd serve us or not. What blew me up was the karaoke host. While he was decent most of the night (despite starting late and playing a bunch of dance crap in the middle) after midnite, he took it into his head to blow up the rotation! He let a bunch of late comers (after 1a) come in to sing instead of taking care of the people who'd been there all night, making the bar money. When it was over, I went over to give him a piece of my mind but he kept himself surrounded with people so I couldn't. Avoid this place, there are much better sports bars to be in that even feature racing. And don't other with karaoke there obviously, the clown running it wants to do what ever makes HIM happy instead of doing it right.If you like this place, either you live in the neighborhood or have no clue what good is.
4	The bar isn't a Steelers bar anymore, people too crazy and unruly.
4	great food great people !!
5	Great place for happy hour if you dont mind an oldre crowd of regulars. Everyone is friendly, free pool until 6pm. Service was fantastic the first time we went in and a little slower the second but still good nonetheless.  Would love to check out the bar later at night.
5	I have been coming here for 6 years now, and no other place has been able to usurp this bar's place in my mind. Great place to Become a regular. i do the Karaoke Thursday through Sunday.
5	I love this place!  I know Larry and Diane, and they are like the nicest people.  I have been coming here since 2004.  It's a great place to hang out and blow off steam.  I personally have never had a negative experience with the owners, staff, or other patrons.   I recommend it to anyone who likes places like this.  Description:I hate using the term "dive" because that implies the place is a dump, and Charley's certainly isn't that.  It's more a sports bar, really than a dive, that  is also a  biker friendly bar (I would not say it's 100% biker bar, just there are regular patrons who are in bike clubs that visit on certain nights), but it is kept clean, and is always kept nice and cool in the summer.  On Friday and Saturday nights it does get a little rowdy at times, with karaoke and hosted games. This is more a bar than a restaurant, so you do have a few regulars that are almost always there, and a couple are almost always wasted, but everybody minds themselves, no one really gets out of line and respects both Charley's and its patrons.  For the most part, the patrons are friendly and respect everyone else's space, even when it is crowded, and the owners are on top of it if someone does step out of line.  I've never been made to feel anything but welcome, there.   In 10 years, I've only seen one case where they had to actually kick someone out, and the person was just wasted and out of line and were treated a lot more respectfully than they deserved, but things weren't physical or at a level where police had to be involved. How many bars can say that?  Basically, its just a locally-owned, neighborhood working class, sports-party bar that serves great food and drinks at great prices.   If you don't mind that, then this is your place!About the drinks, food, and staff:The draft beer is always fresh and cool tasting, and mixed drinks are poured with either an even or heavy hand. I've never had a weak drink there.  The food is actually great. I go there on steak night, where you get a good size 10 OZ steak for $11.  But they also have awesome burgers, wings, and Phili cheese steaks, the latter being among the best I've had.  The food has always been well-cooked and I have never had a bad experience ordering the food.  The servers are always pleasant and friendly, and are very attentive.  Sometimes it gets busy and you may have to wait a few minutes to get a refill on your pitcher or take your order, but 90% of the time, you get served right away.  Even when you do wait, it's because the servers are taking someone's order that's ahead of you, which is reasonable, and you typically don't have to wait long.Both the drinks and the food are very reasonably priced!I very much recommend Charley's Place!
3	Very dirty dingy little dive bar. The crowd is all regulars and they are very friendly. If your looking for something in the area to just drink this might be your place. The tvs are not great in here either.
