4	27 holes and a nine hole par 3. Nice course, great price!
4	I really like the location of Pleasant View - just on the west side of Madison, it's quick to get to.  The course itself is very nice.  I like the variety of the holes and it's always in pretty good shape.Prairie:  The "Prairie" nine is probably the course I've played the most.  I like how it has thee par 3's, 3 4's and 3 5's.  That's different, but still adds up.  The holes have character, and if you're a long hitter, the par 5's are a chance to help your score.Woods:  The "Woods" nine is probably the most scenic.  Obviously, you'll encounter some trees.  Again, holes with character.  Bring your bug spray in the summer!Lake:  The "Lake" nine is my least favorite of the three, but it's still decent.  There is some water on the hole, but it's named because you can see Lake Mendota from the hill it's on.  The clubhouse is very nice - good food and a great patio to sit on after a round and enjoy a cold one.  The staff there are always very nice.  If you watch sites like golfnow.com you can find some great deals throughout the year.  I think Bucky Book and/or Entertainment Book have BOGO coupons, but watch for when they're applicable!This is a very nice course that is great for all levels of play.
2	It's a nice course, but my review is more for customer service/policy. I've never had issues with rain checks at golf courses before, most places will provide them if the weather is bad without hesitation. We were about halfway through the fifth hole when it started to rain and then heard thunder when we were finishing it up the hole, so we returned to the clubhouse. We asked for a rain check and mentioned where we were when the thunder started, and they said that they considered that a "completed game". I didn't see anything on the website that indicated that was their policy, and they didn't mention anything beforehand. It certainly didn't feel like a completed game, it felt more like getting ripped off. If you go there and feel like you're owed a rain check, make sure you tell them you didn't finish the fifth hole.
