5	Great prices, great selection and a dream for pre-teen girls.  New store in excellent condition with superior staff.
5	If Hannah Montana shopped in Queen Creek, she would be found at Justice.
1	ahhhhh why does everyone where this cheap crap? Now my daughter wants to wear it. This is outsoursing at it's worse. It barely makes it through the wash.
3	Today I took my daughter into justice at 745 pm to buy a skirt. The first thing out of the sale girls mouth was we close in 5 minutes.  Not like can I help you.    Boo for their service
3	I only go here when I have to. This store is everything I hate about shopping.  Loud music, hideous colors and patterns, expensive.  BUT, their denim is the only denim that fits each of my daughters correctly.  So we go.  I hate that their storewide 40% off sales are just a ploy.  Come on, everything is over priced and then pretty much all the time it's on sale!  yeah....It's been hit or miss with the staff.  Some are helpful, some aren't.  The store is usually a mess, which bugs me.  I try to look past it.
2	You guessed it, I have a young daughter. Every once in a while I've gotta come here to get my daughter some fashionable clothing. I like all the options & bright colors. My only complain is the pricing. There's a couple stores that do the same thing and it leaves a bad taste in your mouth. Everyday is 40% off day.  Well then, just drop the gouging price down to reflect what you actually sell the clothing for. If your gonna have a sale, then list the discounted price. On this particular trip I visited the "Red Line" area (clearance) on a Thursday I think. Why is that important you ask, because I think it's take an additional 40% off red line days. I bought several items and I still feel like even at clearance it's a bit expensive. Example. Cute little 2 piece bathing suit priced rediculously at $59. Take 40% off that cause everything is always 40% off then an extra 40% after that # to get your final price. After looking at the receipt I realized I can get the same quality of clothes at other major retailers for less. I'll be hard pressed to continue shopping here. Not because of the service, the quality or the staff but because the pricing is a bit much.
