4	Excellent service,staff was friendly and attentive. Banana Pudding pop is cute and delicious !!! We had the ck tenders basket and dry rub wings basket. The corn bread is sweet and scrumptious.Cole slaw is fresh and lightly dressed but nothing special about it. The chicken is really moist, not dry at all unlike other wing places. The breading is light.The dry rub wings is okay the meat is moist but the size is smaller compare to B dubs.Fries are crispy and well seasoned.  They have sauce bottles and a big roll of paper napkins on every table. However for spicy lover like myself I was disappointed that non of their sauces are spicy.  Personally I like the bourbon sauce the best, the hubee sauces resembles chipotle ranch. Island jerk has a hint of smoky flavor.Overall it's not bad, I will def come back for their tenders and that yummy banana pudding pop !!!
4	The dry rub wings are great. They taste just like a well seasoned rotisserie chicken. We also tried the tenders dipped in hot wing sauce & they were great. The atmosphere was very friendly. There is a covered patio area as well as an outdoor seating area. The kids love the banana pudding pops that come free with their meal. And my wife & I enjoyed the fried banana pudding. Wow. That's a new one but it was really goodThe wait staff didn't miss a beat. They were very attentive & punctual. 5 Stars for the service.
5	Needing a quick snack, we decided to try out Hubee D's. We shared a tenders basket and found the chicken to be fresh with a crunchy but not overly done crust. I tried each of the sauces and would have been content with any of them. The best part? THE FRIES ARE PERFECT!! Thin so they each have a good crunch - I could eat a bag of 'em! This place has the service and the food - I'll be back!
2	Had great expectations for this place. My wife loves tenders and she was not impressed. $24 for lunch and although the cole slaw was fresh it was vinegar based which taste sour. The fries were tasty but we hate shoestring fries, reminds us of Shake & Steak. Service was great though. Wanted to try fried banana pudding but $5! Played loud country music also, which we not fond of. Hubee D's please try harder
4	I liked it, my daughter didn't. I chose the grilled chicken sandwich, she went with the fried chicken sandwich. Chicken tenders (grilled or fried) on a bun with a splot of Hubee D's sauce and pickle slices. Everything is made to order so it does take a few minutes if it's busy.Fries? Excellent and fresh, the right salt. Cole slaw? Good and creamy. Cornbread muffin? Firm and tasty, very good. As for the sandwich, it was quite tasty and I'd absolutely have it again. The chicken was moist and there was enough of it. Several table sauces to choose from if you want to add. The Buffalo was too hot for me but the Hubee D's was perfect.Service was good, though maybe too much. Each time one of the several folks passed by, they were asking if we needed anything. At least five times in fifteen minutes. They could use a "do not disturb" sign on the table.Hubee D's has a big challenge competing in Rivergate with the Chick-Fil-A and McDonald's right nearby. For fast casual, there's also a pizza place, a sub place and Salsarita's. And more upscale includes Friday's and Buffalo Wild Wings. Good luck, folks.
2	My wife and I just had dinner here. I ordered the 12 PC wings and she ordered the 3 PC chicken strip basket. It was ok!! I've had better. It's an ok place to take kids but their chicken wasn't really all that. They need to step it if they want to make it there with Buffalo Wild Wings just down the block. I do have to say that their wings were a descent size thou.
1	We ordered 12 wings, a buffalo wrap, and kids chicken basket. I don't know where to start. First off, I didn't like the Country music blaring. The order took a while. The price was pretty steep... $1 a wing? With all the other places nearby you could get wings (Wing King, Buffalo Wild Wings, Wild Wing Cafe, Fuel Pizza, Friday's, Milanos, KFC, FATz, TIlted Kilt, Papa Johns...) why would you choose Hubee D's? The staff was nice, but circled our table like vultures. 4 people came by in literally 5 mins to ask how it was. The Wings were decent size and the hot buffalo sauce was really good, but the wings we not crispy and the greasy skin was not appetizing. Soggy wings = F-. The chicken tenders in my childs meal were cold and hard, but she is 2years old and ate them. The fries were greasy, cold. The wrap wasn't very good. Lettuce seemed old and not crisp. The cucumbers tasted as fresh as a subway. The highlight was the Hot Buffalo sauce. The bottom line - Doesn't live up to the hype, overpriced, good Buffalo sauce.
3	It is a new chicken place in Rivergate.  Clean smaller restaurant. The food is good but on my trip I ordered Wings and well, I like my wings deep fried not smoked. I think the wings would have been better if they had a sauce that I liked. I prefer my Buffalo Sauce to be red pepper based.I am certain I'll eat here again as I want to try their fried Banana Pudding and their pudding pop which my granddaughter enjoyed!
4	You can't get smoked wings just anywhere. The rub was great. Less is more when it comes to how these are prepared. The price is a bit steep, but worth it.
5	For what it is and the price , out of the Low Country Charleston we have a wing place with low country inspired sauces.  Everything has been delicious and well put together !! Love it
5	Love this place. I'm addicted. Dry rub wings are so good and the service is excellent every time I've come in here for lunch.
4	This place is a great addition to the Rivergate Community! Love it! They even have craft beer! Love the country music too.....
5	Come for the fried banana pudding. Stay for the chicken. That's the reason I come here.
4	Huge YES for a restaurant that cares enough to make fresh french fries!  Such a huge difference over frozen, manufactured fries. So four stars for those.  Tenders are fresh, juicy and tasty.  Love the frozen banana pudding pop!I don't necessarily love their sauces despite there being plenty of choices.  Great service both times.
4	Visited Hubee D's for the first time yesterday.  I got the tenders basket.  The tenders were really good, had taste and weren't over cooked.  The fries are shoestring fries and to my taste were over cooked.  Cornbread had a sweet taste to it, kind of a desert in itself.  Definitely a return trip.
4	Chicken is delish. Not overcooked, moist and tender with a subtle seasoned flour dredging.  BBQ sauces are pretty good and interesting (different, thankfully).  Shoe string fries are a little overdone for my liking, but that could be a personal preference...  Cornbread is good, but very sweet, again, could be a preference thing.  Fried banana pudding dessert was interesting, but yummy.  Slaw was OK.
5	Came back to update.  My family and I ate here again yesterday for lunch, and the fries were perfectly cooked, so maybe I just caught them on an off day before.  . My son got the banana pudding pop for dessert and loved it!  Chicken is so spot-on.  Thankful to find a place that doesn't cook the chicken into oblivion!  Lol
4	I tried Hubee D's for the first time last week. I have to admit I was pleasantly surprised. I had the buffalo chicken salad, it was very tasty. They served it with a piece of cornbread that was also tasty. The cornbread is so sweet it almost tasted like cake. My Hubby ordered the wings, he was satisfied. My son had the tender kids meal, he enjoyed it. The tenders were so fresh and juicy, and the fries were good and hot. I will definitely be back.
