5	Do you like things done the Old School way? Do you look for honesty, integrity, professionalism and skill in the businesses you deal with? If you need (and who doesn't?) an automotive repair shop in the Charlotte area get to A&M Auto Service in Pineville. Mr Dutch Silverstein is the owner and I've never met anyone who knows as much about cars as he does. His crew of mechanics are highly trained and certified. Ductch was a commercial airline pilot for many years and knows what customer service should mean in the real world - not a slogan, but honest service you can rely on. If Dutch says it's fixed you can bank on it. My 1999 BMW needs TLC. No one but A&M works on it.
5	I went to see the guys at A & M auto service today directly after leaving the dealership where I got an outrageous quote for an unlikely problem.  The team looked at my car very promptly and when the technician returned to speak with the owner, they had their conversation right in front of me--nothing to hide.  After asking me to put on a pair of safety glasses, they took me to my car and showed me the parts in question and what was going on.  I cannot put in to words what it means to find an honest and qualified professional who cares about customer service.  I won't even have my oil changed anywhere else again.  Thanks to Dutch, Justin, and JD for all their help today.
5	A&M Autoservice is just past "downtown" Pineville; on Downs Circle(which is no longer a circle). Search it out  for once you know about it you won't ever look for somewhere to take your car again. As a female who is mechanically challenged, I never knew if I was being sold unnecessary services or products.  This shop is trustworthy ,reliable and professional. As priceless as finding a great hairdresser!  Can't recommend highly enough.
5	The best of the best! Honesty by auto mechanics is hard to find - Dutch and his team treat you like their own family and treat you with respect and honesty.  I have been going to them for 6 years now, and will never stop. Just sit in the waiting room and listen to how they talk to customers - explaining how some work is not necessary, and what the best options are.  If you want a reliable, honest and team with integrity, go see Dutch and his guys.  Maybe just a hair biased since he lets my dog wait in the waiting room with me.  :)
1	I heard good word of mouth about this place and was EXTREMELY disappointed after bringing my car there for a brake concern. My brakes were working fine, but I could tell my brake pads were worn down and figured I'd possibly need new rotors too.  After looking at the car A&M calls and rattles off a laundry list of things that need to be fixed, quoting me $900.  I plan on trading in this car within a year, so I wasn't willing to spend that much - so I asked if they could just replace the brake pads and rotors (which should cost around $300 based on advice from a mechanic friend) to help it function more safely and hold me over until I am ready to trade it in. They refused saying it was "all or nothing" and they would only do all of the services that they quoted, claiming this car should not even be out on the roads. They were trying to scare me into paying for unnecessary services. So I told them not to do the work and I would be coming by later to pick it up, but 5 minutes later I get a phone call saying that Dutch saw the condition of my brakes and would not even let me drive it off the property. He said they would tow it to my location (free of charge, at least.. but how can they refuse to let me come get my keys and car?!?) so I asked if I could at least receive a list of the recommended work for reference.  Dutch told me the information I requested would be in an envelope on the passenger seat when the car was delivered to me, but when the tow truck arrived, no envelope or information was to be found. How sketchy that they avoided facing me in person, and wouldn't put their estimate in writing!!  All mechanics have a slight bit of shadiness, but A&M took it to another level. Go ANYWHERE else. Seriously.
1	Amending my previous review for two reasons:1) Just got a call from the tow truck company, saying that they found my envelope with my estimate mixed in with the tow truck driver's paperwork. So that was not A&M's fault. HOWEVER...2) I took my car elsewhere for a second opinion this morning and I was told that although my brake rotors & pads did in fact need replacing (as expected), my brake calipers & hoses were fine (contradicting what I was told at A&M) and I was quoted a price $300 dollars cheaper than A&M which just confirmed my suspicion that A&M was trying to use scare tactics and rip me off.
5	Professional and honest. Dutch runs his shop with a rare code of integrity that makes this business a real pleasure to use. I have no concern when I bring my cars here that they will only receive the repair work the car needs and it will be done right.
5	I was looking for a good mechanic 8 years ago and spoke with a friend of mine at the office. She recommended Dutch at A&M Auto Service. I soon started to see why she liked Dutch so much - instead of confusing me with technical jargon, or giving me choices without any context, Dutch took his time to explain what was happening with my vehicle, what my choices were, the impacts, and his own recommendation. I soon learned that Dutch was a real rarity - a service provider I could trust. Trust is something that I do not give out randomly, so Dutch and his team had to really earn it. When he recommended NOT replacing items that were still functional because I could get more life out of them, I knew I had found the person I wanted to take care of my vehicles. His advice is financially based, as he sees my vehicles from MY perspective - as mechanical conveyance that I need to keep as along as it is cost effective. If my repair bills start to outweigh the cost of a newer vehicle, then its smarter for me to replace that vehicle. Its too bad other reviewers don't get that. My current approach with Dutch is to religiously bring my vehicles by every 5k for maintenance. I ask Dutch and his team to do whatever is needed, and to let me know if there is something unusual. I will always get an explanation of what work has been done, and any items that they are tracking or that I should watch for. Its refreshing to have a trusted person who I can bring my car and truck to - just dropping off the key with a "please take care of my vehicle". I don't worry that I am being upsold, cross-sold, oversold, etc. And because of that, Dutch has a customer for life
