4	Typical Target - good selection and prices, pretty clean, friendly people working there.  I saw a security guard helping a lady with her cart, and for some reason it reaffirmed my faith in humanity.  I wish the parking lot were swept a little more often, and I wish this location had a grocery section, but otherwise it's a great place to get stuff you need.  And as an added bonus: the people who shop here will never end up on peopleofwalmart.com.  Enough said.
3	I use the Pharmacy there and I was very satisfied with the timeliness and the customer service. As others mentoned it was clean.
4	When you've been into one Target, you've been to 'em all. However based on where they are located sometimes you get different items. I was hoping that since this was in PV I would see a better selection from the Target I often go to at 19th Ave and Montebello in PHX. But interestingly enough, I was finding less. This store does have a larger Hanukkah selection now for the holiday season.
4	We drive a little out of the way to go this target because it's clean and is surrounded but many other stores we frequent.   It's usually pretty busy so plan to park a bit further than most.
4	I have always gone to this Target and frequent this location a lot more since being renovated. This location has a grocery section, Starbucks (yea!), and a Pizza Hut in addition to the typical target layout including a pharmacy. The store is well lit and always clean. The staff has always been friendly and there always seems to be someone around to help find or reach items.
5	**** Okay, I LOVE, ADORE and CARE for Target!!!!It's simply great, so convenient and such great selection of products and prices.My favorite one will always be the one adjacent to PV Mall!!! Its close to home and the people working there are always WONDERFUL!!!!!! :) *** Everyone is oh so nice and welcoming!!
3	It's a Target with a few cooler cases and some produce.  Not a lot in groceries but they do carry the staple items.  Not happy with their corporate gay friendly status but they aren't as bad as Wallyworld.  It's Target.  Trendy, decent.  Not all that exciting but serves a purpose!
3	...the grocery section is pretty stark, I must say.  Otherwise - yep - its a Target.
3	Except for the cart clown walking right in front of us as we tried to enter the parking lot, glad I saw him first, as he didn't care about traffic, it's a discount deparment store.  They have what every other discount department store has.  I prefer Target of wally-world.  They have a good selection and acceptable prices and friendly staff.
2	I love Target, but I do not love this Target.The employees are rude and unhelpful. I believe the older ones are even worse. The lady at the register today actually almost pushed my purse off the counter because she was top busy pushing my shopping bag into me. I will continue to not buy from this store unless I'm in the area and desperate.
4	Yet again another store within walking distance of my apt. I just wanted everyone to know that when it comes to New movie and CD Tuesday's NO ONE is BEATING TARGET.....I MEAN NO ONE. They have become my go to store for new music and Blue-ray's and the competition in most cases is not even close. So on Tuesday's visit the electronics section at your local Target and you will be amazed at the prices. Eat, Drink, and be Merry my Friends!!!!
3	I used to go to this Target a lot more often but stopped when it was more convenient to go to the Target closer to work. Not much has changed here - it's still a Target! On this most recent trip, it was a Friday evening and the parking lot was packed. I'm not a big fan of this parking lot, as it can be difficult to get in and out (being so close to the mall and mall traffic). The inside is nice and clean and it's rather large. It isn't a grocery store, but that's okay with me. If it was more convenient, I'd go here more often but I usually try to avoid being so close to the mall.
5	This Target has been around for many years. It is a smaller location but offers the same great deals as others. Clean location with an on site dining area that includes a Starbucks. The biggest kudos I can give to this location is they never have long lines. They always have enough cashiers on hand who are extermley friendly.
5	Very nice Target. Love how they have a mini food court area and a Starbucks in it. Employees are nice and very helpful. Lines can be long though. Easy to find things in here and good clearance area for women's clothing. School supplies area is super big which I like a lot. Grocery area is pretty big which makes it easy to find thing in.
4	Great bright store right in the center of Scottsdale / PV / Phoenix neighborhood.  Right next door to Paradise Valley Mall.  It has a Starbucks inside the store.  After their credit card scare in 2013, I now only pay by using cash.
4	I love Target. Who doesn't? I don't love that I go in for one thing and end up spending $100 or more. I'm like, how did this even happen?!Only reason I'm docking a star is because the parking lot blows. Always tons of traffic.
5	Ever since I moved back to Phoenix, I have had bad luck with pharmacies. I am extremely cautious about my medications since I am on quite a few due to many different medical issues. Also, I am very picky about pharmacies. There was a CVS I went to, and they felt uncomfortable filling one of my prescriptions and sent me away without an explanation. They would not even fill my other meds! I could not even get a word in. I can guarantee it was because I am in my early 20s. After, I went to Fry's for a few months due to the convenience of location. There was this one pharmacist I always ran into who would stare at me intently about the same prescription the whole time I waited for my prescriptions (mind you, I am on several different medications, not just this one). I felt so uncomfortable that I just had to switch pharmacies.I have been to several pharmacies in the past (including other Target locations), yet this is my favorite location. I have been going here for about 9 months now. The staff is extremely kind and helpful. Whenever I am nervous about taking over the counter like vitamins, flu meds, even acetaminophen, I always call this pharmacy. I also call whenever I feel like I am having an issue with one of my medications. They talk to me with the utmost politeness and patience. They take their time with me, and I never feel rushed. It makes me feel like they truly care about my health and well-being considering taking medications are a pain in the butt. They feel my pain and annoyances. Sometimes I feel stupid calling because I tend to call a lot, but they always make me feel so much better after I get off the phone with them since there are a lot of things I did not know I should not be taking while on my meds! I love all the pharmacists and pharmacy technicians there and do not plan on switching ever! I highly recommend this pharmacy.They even have a pharmacy rewards program where every time you fill 5 prescriptions, they mail you a 5% off discount card that you can use for anything in the Target store (except further prescriptions) the entire day before it expires. You can even go a few times and use the same discount card the same day in case you forgot something! And, as long as you continue to fill, they will continue to send you discount cards. I love everything about it.
4	You've got to love Target. This one is easy to get around in and find what you need. They have some great prices on many items. Now that they have the food section this place is a one-stop-shop. I have never had a problem with the customer service and the wait time in line is always minimum. I do have to agree with others that getting in and out of the parking lot is a pain.
3	This is the closest Target to my home so I come in about once a week. It could use a little love by way of an update and some intense cleaning. I like the newer Target at Desert Ridge better but this one makes due.
5	This is by far the best one in the valley! Never to busy, great helpful employees, and clean! What more could you ask for?
5	Never overly busy, clean, quick, efficient! Nice alternative to Wal-Mart and you Nacer have to wait in line long. Nicely stocked with all the basic electronics you could need and there the small grocery section that is good to get you by till you can make it to a real grocery store. I like it, you may or may not. But I recommend this Target location :)
5	Was here for the feeding frenzy release of Altuzarra. Kari in the fitting room area was honest and helpful. Sent me home with good finds and buys not impulse buys and finds. My pieces look and feel great. No buyers remorse here
