4	This place opened up right down the street from my job and so far so good. They took over an old Quiznos and didn't change too much of the inside. You can tell they're a newer subway. The staff is generally pretty nice and effective, the only time I have issues is when I'm ordering multiple sandwiches at a time, then things start to go screwy. One major plus I'll give them is that the vegetables are always fresh and while not overly liberal, they have no problem filling the sandwich with veggies if you ask, which are the two major things I don't like about most locations. Overall, I like this experience more than most subways, so kudos there
4	So Happy that here is a 24 Hour Subway close to my home!  This place presents healthy options when you wanna grab a bite to eat.I usually come in the evening and notice that the place gets SWAMPED and there is only one employee here to handle everyone.  I would suggest at least two people at all times.  To keep lines small and also for safety at night. (You never know).The employees here are very friendly .  Usually I would scream and cry inside if they're being skimping on toppings, but no, not this place.Professional all the way.  Sandwich Artists!  They make it right and they listen well.  They also handle multiple sandwich orders quickly and efficiently.  I am a fan, just need more employees at night I would think.
3	I'm glad Subway took over Quizno's because I wasn't a fan of that location. This Subway is open 24 hours. I came in just before 9 pm and ordered a Cold Cut Combo for $5 plus tax. I became nervous when the girl who took my order said she had to examine the meat first to see if it was still good because it had been sitting in the container for a while. WTF??? We all know Subway isn't known for slicing fresh meat or serving meat that is of good quality but come on! I was skeptical however everything looked fresh to me. I have to say... my sandwich was great. Nothing smelled funny and the sandwich looked great. I came back the next day for lunch and that sandwich was good too. Inside was clean and I really like the convenience of them being open 24 hours. Try the cookies they are actually good.
1	I usually love subway, but this location it not the same.  Having to ask for a topping four times is ridiculous.   it wasn't just me either, I noticed almost everyone in line doing the same.  I can only assume the ones that didn't were too shy.  this has happened on all 4 of my visits.  I would suggest choosing a different location where there is not shortage on all vegetables.
1	Prior to Subway in the Desert Foothills shopping center opening I had been going to the one on W. Charleston by Big O Tires. Never had a bad sandwich. Never had bad service. The new one is walking distance to my house so I switched. First visit - 6" tuna. Sandwich was all bread and toppings, tuna was so scarce I definitely was eating more bread than anything. Second visit ordered that summer barbecue sandwich. Again I found I was eating mostly bread, very little substance to the sandwich. Third and last time I ordered tuna and once again found myself feeling like I threw away money. Not willing to continue to get screwed just because it's closer to home. I would welcome the opportunity to speak personally to the person who trained the employees but whenever I ask for mgmt they look at me like I'm nuts. If I wanted to just eat bread, they do sell decent crusty French bread at Albertsons.   Sorry guys, but your location does not impress me, especially since I can drive a little bit further and have a great sandwich.
4	Same as any other Subway.  However, the people there are very friendly and on New Year's Eve (when I went), it would be difficult for me to keep a smile on my face too when working on the eve of a holiday.Day I went, it was cold, and dreary and the people were very friendly and processed my order in a quick and orderly fashion.   Appreciated that immensely, and the fact that the gal that got me the super large cookie order put it in separate bags, and bagged all the cookies separate to the sandwiches.  That little bit of thought gave that extra umph into the 4-star range.
