4	I am not a big fan of Starbucks.  I am not a big fan of chain stores / restaurant.I like this Starbucks because they have "home made" sweets including ricotta cheese cake and chocolate Eclair with fresh fruits!  Not the same old Starbucks stuff.  I was very shocked and happy to find that.Oh they are open 24 hours a day!
2	Let's meet at the Starbucks. Ok that sounded good since our friends didn't want to really eat breakfast and this was right inside Planet Hollywood where we were staying.I'm surprised that I keep finding surprises at Starbucks. You'd think I would've seen it all by now. But, no, this Starbucks came up with a few more for me. Like the fact that they don't sell the regular Starbucks coffee cake and the blueberry pound cake was just very so-so. Also, the fact that a bottle of water here was $3.50!!! What! That must be the big one my husband said. No, it's the 8 oz. Crystal Geyser. The half liter (or whatever the big one was - who cares!) was $4.50. But, you could get a Frappucino here for $3.00 It was less than the price of any of the waters.Water is obviously a premium in this town where alcohol is a cheap commodity. So is a nice, quiet place to relax anywhere inside Planet Hollywood. So, the coffee was just ok. It's Starbucks after all.
2	The line was a mile long, they don't take STARBUCKS GIFT CARDS at starbucks hmmmm and what we usually pay $6 for in Seattle was $9.75. PASS.
1	Tick, tock. Tick tock. This line is not moving. Tick, tock. But ooooh, I think I'm still drunk and I NEED this coffee. Tick, tick, tick. I even have a Starbucks RedCard so I can donate a bit of the money from my hangover healant back to AIDS research and take advantage of some wifi! This will be worth it... I hope. Tick. Omg, now I have to pee!! Tick. Tock. Tick. This is torture. Tock.FINALLY, it's my turn!  But wait... Out of croissants? And there's no wifi?? Seriously, you don't accept your own Starbucks cards?!? Well you didn't have to be rude about it. Time's up, this place is an absolute waste.
5	Excellent, no line... Made my drink to perfection, cant ask for more
1	What a shithole of a placeNo internetNo wall outletsDoes not take employee discountsLong wait for drinks even when you're the only one there and there are 3 people working. Avoid it like the plague. If you want coffee, go to the McDonalds a few steps away.
2	Way too damn overpriced. Period. Every tall beverage was at least $4. In Seattle it's a buck or so less. $3.25 for a muffin. $4 for a coffee energy drink (in the 15 oz. can). I spent $13 for a canned coffee drink, muffin, and cup of fruit.
2	Not a big fan of Starbucks but they are all over the strip so I went to Starbucks plenty of times in Vegas to get my coffee fix.  I think their coffee is ok and the lines there are just ridiculously long.  Over rated in my eye.  But it's great to just have a coffee joint to go to while in Vegas.
3	Purely convenience.Nice staff and located in the PH casino but slightly higher priced and occasionally a long ass line.  They at least accept the rewards cards now and it is nice to be able to get some espresso instead of watery diner coffee.  This bucks seems to have some special tarts and baked goods I haven't seen at other stores but I'm only here for the coffee.
1	So I saw the ridiculously long line that went through the casino but thought "it's a Starbucks!  There are like 10 people behind that counter!  It'll move fast!"  Wrong!  I had phone conversations with both my MOTHER and my husband while standing in line.  Yes, that's how long I was in line.  Once I ordered I then waited another 20 minutes or so for my drinks to actually be made.  Then I got back to my room and realized mine had sugar in it.  Grrrrrrrrrrr.  How hard is it to NOT squirt sugar syrup in my iced tea?  My friend's latte was also a mess, in an unidentifiable way.  Don't do it.  The best part of the experience was getting to tell the couple in the elevator that they were right not to wait in line.  They had apparently taken a bet on the over/under of 30 minutes.  When I told them I had been there for an hour, the girl got an "I told you so."  You're welcome.
4	I got my regular espresso as expected.  Pretty much what I've come to expect from your run of the mill Starbucks.  They do what they do best which is provide a consistent experience.  I can see how at times they get a line but that can be said of any sbux everywhere you go.
1	$1.00 for water?! Get it together... Not Starbucks fault... But planet Hollywood... Thanks for letting me know where NOT to come!
2	Only came here out of convenience... Spent $5 on a regular cup of coffee that would normally cost $2 in the outside world of Starbucks. I wouldn't complain much if my coffee wasn't gross and watered down.Would never come here again, I was better off spending $5 on wells drink at one of the bars near the south elevator entrance.
