5	Jaime is the best! He is so personable and professional. He gave me a couple different estimates based on what type of work I personally needed. In the end, I got a great price and my car looked great. Would definitely recommend this place to others.
5	Not only did they fix my car right, they fixed it cheaper then anyone else and they got it done a day early!  Wonderful people and wonderful service.
5	My mom and I were on a road trip through Las Vegas when we started having issues with our brakes. We took our car to Hi Star and they replaced our brake master cylinder at a good price. Everyone was very friendly and the owner even rode around the block with us to make sure we were satisfied.
5	Hi Star is the best auto repair facility in Las Vegas!  My family has been using them for years.  Are they the cheapest in town?  I don't know but they're hellava lot cheaper than the dealership.  The BEST thing about Hi Star is that they are honest.  They don't try to sell you some thing you don't need and don't tell you a part needs replacing when it's fine.  I'm tired of being ripped off because I'm a woman.  I don't have to worry about that here.  These guys are personable and friendly and treat you like family.  Thanks Mike and David, you guys are the best!
5	I went in for body work on my car last week and was blown away at the results.  I talked with Jaime on Wednesday, they got me in on Monday, set me up with a rental car at a killer rate and had my car looking showroom new by Friday.  I wish there was an option for more stars, because these guys deserve it.
4	Hi Star Auto Center ended up being my last resort out of default. I was looking too get my front bumper totally replaces since I wrecked it in accidents few months ago. I started by going too Bumper Medic but the owner told me nothing he could do since not have the right equipment. He suggested another business in the same building couple doors down does auto body repair work. The shop was closed so came back the next day only too find earliest could do the job was the following week. He hated too turn away business but suggested check out HI Star another auto body repair shop in the same building couple doors over. Not only was I looking too take care of my front bumper issue but my car was making grinding noise (hoping had more too do with my bumper then my brakes). Thankfully they were not swamped able too take my car in. HONEST mechanic. Maybe I have been lucky the last two times or have my own definition of HONEST. Or really is there even such a thing as a HONEST mechanic in this day and age???? Well all I can tell you is my experience and let you be the judge. So went in told them need front bumper replacement and probably be more problems under the hood or not, One of the owners Gary comes out takes a look the damage. I was telling him the things untrained eye or the issues had in my mind. He was very attentive too my words and then was very thorough went over the damage outside and looking under the hood. There could be more structural damage that only way could till once take off the bumper. So even his estimate up front with me not sure be the exact but something close. He first thought was think limited damage only too the bumper! My luck with cars always more then one thing wrong. So went back inside the store sitting in the office getting the estimate. This is WHERE am huge FAN of Hi Star Auto Center. He was making rounds calling different businesses looking for the parts for new front bumper, after market, or rebuilt ones. Really was making the rounds (not only him think might be his partner or dad but both guys were on the phone hustling looking for parts; even calling places in Utah). Any customer appreciates seeing that effort first hand. I did. Once he found one places (my car is older 1999 too be fair not as easy too find parts) only had brand new parts listed the prices (next too him heard the exact price quote) for both upper and lower part. He told me could refurbish the lower part save big chunk of money. The best part was they could get it done by the following day!! I left it overnight but asked them too look into other issues that could be not limited just too the  front bumper. Unfortunately my whole brake system was shot too hell. I had too replace the whole thing pads too rotor. Gary called me the same day dropped it off told me the problem quoted me price and told them no way playing around with my brakes. It was my second worst nightmare so not unexpected. Naturally one can imagine costly job. One that with each problem felt there were HONEST with me. They were scrambling too find the best price and made the suggesting for the refurbish part or had their guy rather then buy brand new. The quality of the work. Awesome!!! I got use too looking at wreck of bumper too really front end looked BRAND new back in 1999 got it zero miles. The whole bottom piece the guy or whoever does it amazing work. You would think brand new part rather then someone artwork. Sure maybe costly job but they even washed my car inside and out when I got it back.Not sure if you get the best price in town (felt like fair price) all I know you get quality work, service felt like they cared about me then just another customer, on it communication through the whole process, and would got back again. The one thing is you need put certain amount down before do the job or pay the whole thing upfront easier. Well worth it.
5	I was visiting Vegas when my car broke down. I was fortunate to have someone refer me to HI Star auto center. It took them about an hour to fix my car no run around no parts need it. I was blown about with their professionalism and honesty. If you are ever in need of a great mechanic go see them.
5	Can  you believe I was in and out in 2 1/2 hours? That was for a starter motor not a tune-up. I can always depend on great service, honesty, and reasonable prices. Whether it's mechanical or body work, their work is exceptional. Thank you for giving me peace of mind after a hard search.
5	Very professional and honest service. They totally went out of their way to get my car done in time. These guys have earned my business for life.I have already sent multiple family members here for Mechanical as well as Collision repair. I would recommend Hi Star to everyone!!
5	19 year old kid running through many different body shops with my smashed up "boy racer" car. None of these shops really took me serious and assured me that it would be a total loss. These guys definitely turned my luck around. I met up with Gary and explained how badly I wanted to save it. Basically was pulling his leg throughout the whole process. He worked with me and did my front end conversion like I asked. Because almost half the car would get repainted, I insisted that we might as well paint the whole car a new color. Also got it done! Honestly believe he's done more work than my own insurance company in getting everything back together. (Liability).Thanks again to everyone at Hi Star!
5	Fantastic experience!! I took my Audi S5 in for an alignment and to find out where my car was pulling to the right after its was lowered. Got an appointment the same Say when I called. Eugene did an amazing job identifying the problem and taking care of it. Not only was the shop super clean and organized but they clearly explained the problem and even showed me the issue for myself. Extremely  professional and honest which is hard to find these day in the auto repair world. My car feels great, the steering is tight and responsive. I am definitely a customer for life and would highly recomend this shop to anyone in need of honest work. Best price in the Las Vegas, U can't beat a $60 legit 4 wheel alignment.
5	Great experiences overall! Prices are very reasonable and did excellent repair on body damage to my car!  Gary is a great person to deal with and honest in his opinions. I have sent multiple cars in my family to them already for different things. The staff is very personable and incredibly nice. It's hard to find honest body shop these days!
5	Did an amazing job on my car and really helped me out since I was on a budget. I recommend this place to all my family and friends
