4	We've been taking our pup to another park that's at least 15mins away from where we live and so I was really happy to find out that Providence has dog parks that are 4mins away from where we live. We decided to go today and I was happy to see the playground for children, and the green grass grounds where people can just sit. It's a clean park and the children and families there seem to be enjoying their time. Unfortunately, no dogs were in the park but ours, and the dog park was not as big as the park we go to. There's one bench inside each of the dog parks, and there was no grass. There were "trees" but there were no leaves on any of them so the dog park just looked so bare. We decided to leave and go to our usual dog park instead. However, I appreciate that the park for children and families is super well-maintained. :)
4	Parks in this region are pretty incredible because they offer so many outdoor activity options for all age groups and all members of the family!  Knickerbocker park is no different.  With walking trails, baseball and grassy fields, splash pad, playground, picnic areas, and even a dog park separated by small and large dogs, this park really has it all!  Not to mention, the breathtaking views of the city will not disappoint!  I brought my dog here to introduce him to the area since I just bought a house in Providence.  Unfortunately, I wasn't as impressed by this park as some of the Henderson parks I'm used to.     Maybe I'm biased because I live in Henderson but a couple of things about Knickerbocker left more to be desired in comparison to others I've been to.  The dog park was very nice although it offered no shade.  The water fountain for dogs spouted water that felt boiling hot.  I'm glad I brought a bowl and ice water.  And the fenced off garbage area by the dog park obviously needed emptying because I swear when the wind blew I would catch a whiff of what I can only imagine the inside of a garbage truck smells like.  Also, for being an over 100 degree day this park was pretty crowded.  From what I understand Providence is getting a second park - Huckleberry on the corner of Farm & Egen Crest.  The area is growing so I think the second park will be well received and a great edition to the community!
4	This is part of the Providence Master community, but it's accessible and not gated. I've only past this park before, but came on the 4th for some fireworks since a friend lives right here. The best and beautiful feature is this sits at a higher elevation so you can see the entire valley from the park. It's kept clean even the bathrooms. They have the usual playground, some basketball courts, greenery,  gated in dog park run, etc you would expect. Since I wasn't here during day and was here for a special event  I cant speak for traffic, but I highly doubt this is a super busy park. Definitely if you want to be out on a cool summer night and live in the NW though, take a stroll and look at the view from here.
5	Yelp 100 Challenge 2013- 29/100I'm a true outdoor junkie that is taking full advantage of the endless recreational space Las Vegas offers! This park is one of the countless reasons why I LOVE LOVE LOVE living in Vegas. This park is located within the Master Community of Providence (no- it's not gated and visitors from all over are welcomed). The neighborhood and houses that surround this park are simply charming and only enhance the curb appeal and wholesome nature of this park. I'm a regular visitor after recently purchasing a home here in the NW. Knickerbocker offers a running trail (with lighting for night runs), extensive playground areas and equipment for the kiddos, and a wonderful dog park for all the fur-babies! In fact, they just recently added grass to both the large and small dog play areas (which was a welcomed touch)! They also have security that patrol the area at all times (which I appreciate).I will echo Jade W's review and say that the sweeping views of the valley are breathtaking! This feature alone would make a trip worthwhile and take this park over the top. Tip: Visit at dusk or night and soak in the beauty.
4	Pretty cool park, up in the North West. Even though it is packed with suburban moms with nothing to do with their lives but glare at you if you so ever dare to cross their lovely pinic. But you can get over that. And the fact that most people here let their dogs run off their leashes....that's a tragedy waiting to happen.
4	It is a park. It is in the extreme Northwest. There is a baseball diamond. These facts alone warrant a 4-star. The fact is that human beings should not be permitted to settle this far in the valley (certainly not outside of the beltway loop), so there should be no park up here. But there is. Unfortunately, they are even adolescents -- with no lives -- who enjoy hanging out here late night. (Yes, I am that grouchy old man.)  Its existence is a mixture of miracle that they would even bother providing public parks this far away the city centre, and, supporting evidence of appalling, unrelenting, suburban flight. The sprawl is real. Nature has no hope against the parasitic cancer known as man. Poor Rango. - E
5	Knickerbocker Park was built in 2011 for the growing Providence master-planned community in Las Vegas, Nevada. It is enjoyed by thousands of Las Vegas residents throughout the year with big celebrations and community events such as for Independence Day with its Stars, Stripes & Sparks event, featuring live music and one of the most amazing fireworks shows anywhere!The park covers fifteen acres with playground, splash pad, baseball field, multi-purpose field, two dog parks, picnic tables, exercise stations. and a winding trail through natural desert landscape. The coup de grace is the panoramic view of the Las Vegas valley from the park: you can see nearly everywhere from the Shooting Range on north Decatur, through Aliante, Downtown Las Vegas, the Las Vegas Strip, out to the Rio, Red Rock Station, and so much more!Add to all of that, they have 24 hour security roaming around (not that it's needed: it's so quiet!)A beautiful park for a beautiful city.
5	This is a nice size park with different workout areas along the walking path. There's a dog run, a baseball diamond, and a jungle gym with swings. It's close to my parents house and very clean. I like how well maintained the park is and it looks like a nice place for birthday parties or picnics.
5	Very nice little park for a great community. The view is absolutely stunning. The dog park is very clean. The children play areas are nice. This park makes me even happier to call myself a resident in Providence.
4	Great little park for your kids and also two separate dog parks. The parking is usually pretty easy to find and the walking trails are a nice change of pace!
5	I LOVE THIS PLACE! They have separate areas for the larger dogs and the people who come here regularly are so nice and friendly.
5	Great fenced area for dogs to run and play. Clean and well maintained. Separate areas for small and large dogs.
5	Reall nice park. I can't wait to teach my daughter softball at the field there. The dog park is really nice. Very family friendly park. Great walking trails and the view is amazing! At night, you can see the entire strip.
