3	FAQQ: Waitwaitwait, you can't even afford to buy a burger at Arby's!A: Not a question. But thanks for pointing that out, jerk. I was just "browsing" and pretending I was a high roller. It's Vegas. EVERYONE pretends.Q: See anything you like?A: Versace nail-clippers cost $80.00. There was nothing I liked in there.Q: There had to be something.A: Actually, there was a lot of nice things but the highlight of this visit was seeing Kanye West and his entourage stroll in and politely clear out the store so Mr. West can do some shopping.FYI ... Say "Hi" to Kanye next time you see him. He's a nice guy.
1	I should have bought a Chanel instead....Don't they pay people to do more then stand around talking to their coworkers? I wanted to give them a piece of my mind at this point....Until I blatantly pointed out to them I wanted to see a handbag that's when the only male in the store decided to help my mother and I. It was a nice slap in the face to the other b*tches, I mean women, who worked in the store when that $3000 rang up. Anyhow this seems to be a trend at every Versace store... Vegas, LA, & NYC.... Hire better people please!
5	Kind of schocked at all the negative reviews on here about Versace. Went in here on my last vegas trip and couldn't be happier. I really enjoy the high end merchandise in this store. It is nice to finally find cloths that are different and not the same old stuff you find at other stores. After shopping many different stores in Vegas including Gucci, I found Versace's looks to be fresh and fashion forward. I also was happy to be helped when I entered the store and not ignored. The salesman (Michael0 was extremly friendly and helpful. When they didn't have my size he was able to get it shipped from another store. Over all a great experiance and I look forward to visiting again on my next Vegas trip!!
5	Ahh Versace, my most favorite store in all of Vegas. Michael Garcia is the best sales associate ever. Made my shopping experience very smooth. Can't wait to visit again!
5	I very much enjoyed my experience at Versace thanks to Susan "Mimi". It wasn't anything extraordinary but definitely smooth
5	Ended up here on a stroll through the strip. Thanks to drake I couldn't resist but walk in. Juan was a delight to work with. Walked out with a pair of earrings, sunglasses, necklace and two pairs of shoes. #versaceversaceversace
1	If you like to take care of your customers you must take care of your employee Michael...  To be honest I'm not into fashion a lot, but this Oct 5 on an important Tv Network I watched "The House of Versace"  real or not, made me a huge Fan of how the Versace Family worked to build this HUGE NAME, but one guy in a store in a prestigious Mall of Las Vegas threat me like he doesn't need my business...  Hope someone read this and take care of it.  This guy need to care about the new possible customers. Im guessing Versace would care...  IVAN
2	I knew I wanted to look at rings before I walked in.  I was not greeted.  As soon as I got someone's attention.  I asked if the gold ring came without stones.  He said no, and turned his attention to other customers.  I had more questions and wanted to find the right gift for my brother.  I was turned off he made no suggestions and did not care to help me.  I waited minutes longer to at least try them on and see them outside of the case.  A lady finally came, she was pleasant and answered my questions.  Ultimately I wasn't interested in making a purchase from the experience I had.
1	I tried to order a dress with this store but never again. The sales lady, Kathy, was extremely rude and difficult with the entire process. I ended up canceling the stupid thing (hope they're commission based) and going to Dior. I will NEVER go through this store again. RIDICULOUS.
