5	These guys are AMAZING ! ! !  I've been using them since the original owners opened the place. The current owners retained most of the original crew and they are GREAT ! !  For a car wash, I find it amazing that the same professionals are still there. I had our Mercedes detailed recently, and I can tell you for a fact that our car did not not look as good today as it did when it rolled out of Fletcher Jones showroom 2 years ago when we bought it. These guys are the very best. They take pride in their work and it shows. They truly care about the end result. I've sent several neighbors there and we all agree....why waste your time somewhere else? Come to Desert Car Wash once and you'll never go anywhere else again.
4	Nice spot that I ran into by accident trying to get a car wash. They were super quick... And did a really good job of washing the car. The prices are right and its nice and intimate in this location. The interior as you wait is very simple and has the potential to be uncomfortable if the day is busy. Its very small with maybe a total of 5 or so seats. I will def be back, its close to home and they do a great job, whatmore can a girl ask for.
4	I went to this place just because I really need a Car wash "BADLY". My Trusted vehicle is so dirty that you can not even tell what color it was. Yelp reviewed this place with 4 and even 5 stars. So I gave it a try. Walk inside to pay, i noticed that it was not the best looking place but clean. My car went in that machine looking like it went through a mad storm but man! when they were done with it. I didn't even recognized my car. It was spotless wheels shining, dashboard nice and glossy, carpets without a trace of cookie and donut crumbs. I was definitely impressed with the outcome of the service it would have been a 5 stars if the place was a little bit updated. I would certainly recommend this place and most certainly be back again.
5	Good price on a wash and wax and the service guys were really friendly and informative about their service and products. They were pretty attentive to the cleaning and finishing from what I could tell.The waiting area is nice,clean and spacious in comparison to others, and it does appear to be updated. The new owners seem to really want to take care of their customers and keep them coming back, which I will.
5	Still a great car wash. Still fast and friendly service. Still a good value. I will not go anywhere else. Few things in life makes a person feel better than driving around in a clean and shiny vehicle and this is just the place to get your spirits lifted ! !
4	Nice coupon special. Hardly any wait for a Saturday around 11 am. The customer service was not the best but I am elated that my car looks as good as it does. They really took their time and made sure every item was spotless. The inside was just as clean as when it was brand new. For 25$ I will be a return customer and can't wait to take in my other car. It's in an odd location but by the yelp reviews it seems to work for them!
5	Made an appointment for my annual shampoo and shine last week and these friendly, efficient and completely thorough experts did an OUTSTANDING job once again. I had unloaded the center console bin for a prior trip to the dealer for routine service, and these guys even detailed the inside of the of the bin ! ! The car looks better than it did the day she was born ! ! The owner and his friendly staff know their stuff inside and out. I would never go anywhere else for a detail or even a routine wash. If you love your car and love looking good in her, this is the ONLY place to go for complete car beauty care.
5	They genuinely like to clean cars and do a great job. I watched them clean my car like it was their's. I will definitely be recommending this place to all my buddies.
5	This has to be one of the best car wash places I've ever been too. They're extremely thorough. They have these little add ons to their vacuums that let then get into the hard places you can't reach on your own. They use them when you do a basic wash. It's fantastic and affordable!
5	I've been to many car washes, but this is by far the best! I wouldn't recommend any other car wash. My whole family goes here. The guys are nice, fast, and detailed. They really do clean your car like it's there own!
5	It's my first time coming to this place. They do great service at excellent price. My car looks brand new !  My son told me that the car looks different:) I have plans of buying a new car but since I found this place  I will just visit it once a month and have a "brand new" car after each service.
