5	This is my favorite store on the planet.Not my favorite comics store, or my favorite bookstore - my favorite STORE.Best thing to do is go to www.copacetic.biz or even better head over to the store, nestled in a quiet corner of Squirrel Hill across from the police department. Bill (the owner) stocks an unbelievable range of comics, books, DVDs, music, and art in his tiny space. You won't find many contemporary superheros here, but what you will find is all the modern artsy comics you can handle, the Criterion collection of DVDs, weird discount European jazz label imports, Little Lulu, punk rock, Pauline Kael, the Dover collection of classic literature, local zines, a big comfy chair, and most importantly, the proprietor who will find out your tastes and guide you to the material that will best intrigue and interest you. He encourages browsing and reading, and there's usually classic or independent cinema playing on the small TV, or else classic jazz on the stereo.I checked the "$" price rating because nearly everything that Bill sells is discounted from the original price - including both the new stuff and the classics (on which many of which other stores have bagged and marked-up the price). This is extremely rare in comics retailing. Since moving to New York City, the two retail institutions I've missed the most from Pittsburgh are (1) REI, and (2) Copacetic.Go there now!
5	I use to be madly in love with comics as a young teen. These days, I appreciate the art but don't get into them like I did as a kid.Copacetic comics is above Lili and I was intrigued by the store enough to climb the stairs and check it out.I'd say they specialize more in graphic novels than comics which is a good thing. Most of what they carry could be considered literature, if you stretch the term out a bit.The lady working the register was really nice and we had a good conversation about the Black Keys. I didn't end up buying anything but I spent a while appreciating the artwork. I also noticed their extensive "self-published" comics from local artists. This is great and something I never knew Pittsburgh accommodated.
5	Very knowledgeable!! No magic cards though :(. Not very hard to find (if you look At the sign). They have a nice 1960s 1$ section!!
5	I LOVE having this in our neighborhood! They have a great selection of vintage and new comics in-store. They even have a table in the back where they showcase local comics. If comics aren't your thing, they also have a good selection of used books and will even order a book for you if f they don't have it! The owner of this place is just wonderful! I went in looking for a present for my brother who loves reading and making comics. The owner really took the time to help me to find the perfect present for him! He is very knowledgeable about comics from every decade and made great recommendations. The great customer service alone would keep me coming back!
5	awesome store. friendly and knowledge owner and staff. this is where you go to find cool stuff
