4	For those 'in the know', the chocolate tree has been an online business for quite some time, but decided to open up their own shop in our very own city, Edinburgh. If you like chocolate, you will LOVE The Chocolate Tree. Located in the trendy Bruntsfield area, it is in the perfect position to sit in and gorge or sit out and gorge. Their chocolates are all organic (so at least your conscious feels good about eating copious amounts of chocolate...)The decor is very chic, trendy and indulgent. Indeed, I think Indulgence is a theme in the cafe. My first visit was under sad circumstances - recently single and feeling vulnerable, my friend took me and ordered me the 'Spanish Hot Chocolate' (see picture). Oh My God. Where I was feeling despairing, distraught and dismayed I was overcome with delight, deliriousness and felt thoroughly delectable!! It was perfect...perhaps a bit rich, but the first few sips were to die for. It even came with a little dough cake-thing to dip into the thick, gloopy chocolate, like fondue! It would have been ideal for two to share.To be honest, I'm not what you would call a choc-a-holic - especially now that Cadbury's is no longer considered 'chocolate'. But there is something for everyone to enjoy, whether its a slice of their GLORIOUS chocolate cake (it was delicious, after a while I felt I should find a mirror to check if my pupils had dilated) or one of their mini chocolate bites.If you can't make it to the shop they sell online and they're much cheaper than their competition ( it's one of their ethical principles, woohoo!). It really is worth visiting, on a warm summer day to lounge and indulge yourself, or on a cold winter evening to keep yourself warm. It's the sort of place I imagine Harry Potter would sit in...
4	I visited this place yesterday- and what a treat it was! Located in the quite upmarket and yet still studenty area of Bruntsfield this place is just as it's name suggests- full of chocolate! All organic and with a grand selection of truffles and cakes/cupcakes, this place is ideal for chocolate lovers. I had their special Spanish hot chocolate- a bit bitter but thick and served with a waffle like thing to dip in (check out my photos). The service is lovely and friendly, the interior warm and colourful without being tacky and I do approve of the Amelie-themed music.
4	Chocolate Tree is dangerous. Dangerous to anyone who wishes to maintain a nice, slender figure! My friend and I stopped in here for some dessert and I'm pretty sure I gained some extra pounds. We both ordered chocolate cake but two slightly different versions. It was really delicious, but a little expensive. There was so many different cakes and treats that it took me forever to choose and I will probably be back to sample more. This cafe is always packed as well, so it isn't great for a quiet sit down. I agree with Fiona, the staff are a little stuffy and clearly know they have a good thing going. Cheer up guys, don't drive your customers away with your poor attitudes!
4	Holy Crap.I can't put it any more eloquently, I'm sorry. I feel like I should since it's a delicacy, but it has to be said - this chocolatier owns.If a chocolate and tea shop should ever be described as ornate, this would be it. An astonishing display of homemade chocolate treats are displayed as you enter the tea room, not to mention the homemade, delicious dark chocolate bars. These are of exotic variety, and you have the option of trying anything from peppermint dark chocolate to chilli chocolate! I bought too much in this section but I don't regret it - I tried the strawberry and pepper flavour which was gorgeous.I also tried a Spanish hot chocolate which was crazy good,. although since it was like drinking the icing off a dark chocolate cake in Nigella Lawson's kitchen, I almost fainted after the second sip. You really have to feed yourself with a spoon and dip your biscuit in it to really savour the flavour. It's like a melted bar of dark chocolate in a chintzy cup. If you don't break into a sweat you're not human!The stock is locally made and locally grown, unbelievably! What's more, a lot of the produce is gluten free, caters for a number of allergies and (the best part) has antioxidant properties. So you can buy ground up beans in here that are meant to be amazingly good for you. Green and Blacks eat your heart out.What more excuse do you need to treat yourself? What Marie Antoinette actually said was "let them eat chocolate"!
4	Chocolate BrowniesChocolate CupcakesChocolate Layer CakeChocolate CroissantsHot ChocolateSpanish chocolate with Churros& Chocolate BarsAn adorable cafe and shop in the Bruntsfield area, The Chocolate Tree is a characterful place that seems to be a hit with locals and tourists. There's a string of tables and chairs, friendly staff, lovely music and a smorgasboard of different pastries, cakes, deserts and individual chocolates to nibble or take away.An ethical business that uses only fairtrade produce, The Chocolate Tree also sells vegan, dairy free and egg free cakes. The thing I'll be returning for however, is their gorgeous fruit & nut and rosemary & sea salt chocolate bars.
5	I just went there this weekend and got their delicious Guajana hot chocolate with cream- absolutely amazing and don'f forget to pick up a spoon to scoop up the yummy goodness at the end! They are always so friendly and lovely here, and now that the days are getting shorter and colder , the steamed up windows of Chocolate Tree are always a welcome sight!
5	Oh My Gawd this place is killer!!!!!I came here on several recommendations!!!I walk in and it is so quaint, like a chocolate boutique!!!It was a cold, rainy day and my friend and I were hungover so we thought this to be a good nice chill spot.We ordered 2 lattes and a gorgeous slice of some fruity looking cake!  It wasn't as sweet as it looked which was perfect!!  You could taste every delicate flavor with every small bite.  I wish we had little shops like this in SF but we are all so obsessed with adding too much sugar and over processing cakes! My younger sister told me to try the rose hip and champagne truffle... I did... and I cried.  It was magnificent.  A little baby orgasm in my mouth.  I thought this would be a great spot to grab my newly pregnant  sister a souvenir from.. so I picked up a chocolate bar!!And some bad girl stole it from me in my hostel in Berlin... Ill see you in hell little girl and there won't be any milk to wash that delicious chocolate  down with!!
5	Oh sweet chocolate-covered baby Jesus. This place has been on my cake-radar for a while, and I finally got the chance to sample the chocorama when Emily V suggested lunch here.Little did I know that there is no savoury food. Only chocolate. And tarts. And muffins. She *really* had to twist my arm to convince me to have cake for lunch (yeah right!)Two coffees, one slice of apple&almond tart and one slice of the fig, almond and chocolate tart. (Check my uploaded photos). The first was your standard apple tart, nice but...just that.But the latter. Oh my. I have never tasted anything like it. Ever. A thin pastry base with a layer of solid dark chocolate on top. I thought it might be gooey, saucey even. But no, just pure thick dark chocolate. And nestled on top was a gorgeous combination of figs and almondy, spongeyness. The combination was divine. And there was some sort of spicy, cinamonny thing going on in the pastry and chocolate too. I think one reviewer below me described her experience as "a little baby orgasm in my mouth". I couldn't have put it better myself.The Chocolate Tree were originally an online chocolate company, specialising in *real* cocoa chocolate, and many different flavours. The cafe came later, and my taste buds couldn't be happier it did.As they only do sweet food (there's a cabinet of tarts and a cabinet of their chocolates) it's really only for special occasions, or a quick coffee. But really, could you come here and not get a chocolate?It's warm, dark wood, and cosy inside. Laid back staff, nice atmosphere, and just quite lovely.The other cakes all looked absolutely divine too, and I will be back. Just need to wait until the buzzing in my brain stops from the intense sugar rush / feelings of amore that I'll be experiencing for probably the next week!
5	As Jenny L has reported, we sampled the delights here today.  I knew ahead of time that they only had cakes and coffee (c/o Googling it at work that morning) so was mentally prepared for coffee and cake for lunch, yum.Miss J (!) has already told you all about the lovely (yet normal) apple and almond cake/tart that we chose as well as the last minute choice of the chocolate, almond and fig tart which SO interesting.  They were both very yummy and I was so glad J was happy to get to two pieces and share so we could have twice the cake joy.  The thing with other coffee shops/tea houses/places where you gorge on cake is that they tend to have the same general things.  What is great about the Chocolate Tree is that you can go for the usual muffin or chocolate chip cookie (though theirs was labeled chocolate hazelnut which excited me and is begging me to come back and eat one, or a dozen.  Whatever) or you can go for something completely new and interesting.  They have loads of vegan, gluten free and non-dairy cakes as well, which I'm sure some people will be all about but I'll be completely honest with you when I say that, being intolerant to none of the above, kind of bummed me out.  I've never had a gluten, vegan or non-dairy cake which really floated my boat like the ones which have it all.  That being said, I'll give their v/gf/nd cakes a chance because they look sooooooooo pretty, and that's really what it's all about, right??
4	Was dragged in here - I'm not really a coffee shop fan- and was pleasantly surprised. It all seems a bit quirky from the front door but the overall feel of the place works really well once you're in and settled.  Good range of cakes on show, or select a few handmade chocs to eat with your coffee.Looking out across the road to the costa opposite you do feel like a free range chicken looking at it's battery farm sisters.  It feels quite uplifting!  Would have given a full marks rating but for the size of the coffee. Well worth a visit!
5	A wee update but not much has changed from my previous sexy five star glowing review.I stopped by here for an after-lunch coffee and cake. My americano was one of the best coffees I've had in a long time. This time it was accompanied by the blueberry and hazelnut tart (which didn't contain chocolate!) Completely honestly, it wasn't as good as the fig and chocolate tart I had last time - but sadly that wasn't on the menu this time around. It was still lovely and actually not too heavy. I also took away a few chocolates for later (both now gone). The salted caramel and oh. em. gee. Talk about gooey caramel, these ones are messy so maybe don't eat in public if you want to remain dignified and not be found in a sticky, chocolate stupour uncaring about the caramel dribbling down your chin. They're that good. The blueberry and white chocolate cocoa nibs one was nice too.The Chocolate Tree is definitely one of my favourite super-sweet treat stops. As they only do cakes, and chocolates, and hot chocolate, and coffee it really can't be anything else. As I left I spied a girl eating the Spanish hot chocolate and churros - I am SO all over that next time (or itll be all over me and my face more likely).
5	Lovely little place. Chocolate heaven.  Nice, engaging and friendly staff. Decadent cakes. Nice selection of teas as well.
5	You know what I said when I received my piping hot black coffee here? After I'd had my first sip and it darn near knocked my socks off? As well as saying, "Whoa?" Ask Chris M. He will gladly confirm that I glanced in disgust at whatever chain it was opposite, Costa I think, and uttered, "I feel like going over there, grabbing all those customers and saying 'What the hell are you doing. THIS is coffee. And it's from an independent.' They'd thank me."Maybe they would, maybe they wouldn't, but for such great coffee to come from a place specialising mainly in chocolate, well, it's a fair argument towards the idea that Chocolate Tree do *everything* well. Coffee is only one of those things. So I know this is dreadful of me, but I had sorbet before noon. Hey, I consider it one of my five-a-day, I went for mango and raspberry. Anyway, to contrast with this sorbet I opted for the Spanish hot chocolate (something I'm very familiar with due to my parental units living in the Canaries) which killed me. No, literally, it defeated me. I could manage no more than a mere few spoonfuls before I succumbed to death by chocolate. I'm pathetic. I'm the worst chocoholic in the world. Shoot me.(Please don't, I'd like to give it another go once the churros are available.)I loved the Chocolate Tree and would happily come along again for indulgent breakfast funtimes. I'll steel my stomach and go in all guns blazing. Besides, salted chocolate caramel gelato? Hells YES.
4	The Chocolate Tree is an adorable cafe in Bruntsfield.  As the name suggests, they serve chocolate.  Lots of it.  In every form and every way imaginable.  Hot chocolate, chocolate in coffee, chocolate ice cream, chocolate truffles, chocolate cakes, chocolate tarts, chocolate bars, white chocolate, dark chocolate, milk chocolate...you see. I went in to try the spanish hot chocolate with churros that several of my friends had raved about.  It was an interesting and pretty little dish of dark, thick chocolate and crunchy, cinnamon sugar dough.  I would suggest ordering it with extra churros for 80p and sharing with a friend.  I still had half a cup of chocolate left when I was finished and couldn't take another bite.  It's not exactly something you can eat with a spoon, although they do give you one as though daring you to try.There's a selection of cakes and pastries to choose from, some of them even vegan friendly.  They also had several gelatos and sorbets available though it wasn't clear if it was only a summer thing.This is an excellent place to go for an indulgent chat with a friend or midday coffee date.  On sunny days, the outdoor seating is a perfect place to relax with an ice cream shake or specialty soda.  Or cozy up with a latte in one of the cute benches inside.  I can't wait to have another excuse to go.  Highly recommended!
3	Ok, first the positive points, I used to come in here regularly for authentic churros and spanish hot chocolate, gelato, good dark chocolate and vegan chocolate berry cake.Now the chocolate itself is very good, as are the various tartes made of dense chocolate and many of the icecream flavours. I have enjoyed the pastries in here too, and love the interior decor.My recent visit here was spoilt however by very mediocre cake and rude staff. Most of the staff here are lovely, but the day I entered with a friend for a nice afternoon treat we encountered one very rude and incompetent staff member. My friend had been waiting at the counter for ages whilst the lady refused to serve her. Finally she sat down embarrassed, so I went to order for her. The lady serving looked pissed off to be interrupted, she was enjoying talking to a staff member and couldn't be bothered to serve the long que of customers. When my friend received her carrot cake it was not at all up to the normal standard in this place, perhaps from a bad batch? Anyway we weren't really angry by this point, just disappointed  given that the prices are quite high in comparison to something homemade. The 'cream cheese' frosting was a greasy buttercream, and the carrot cake appeared stale and instantly crumbled as my friend stuck her fork through it. We both tasted it and could confirm it tasted like nothing. Anyway, I went politely and reluctantly to the lady serving, who might as well have rolled her eyes at me, she said no one ever complained before and then walked over to another staff member, gesturing and smirking in our direction. She came back and charged full price for the cake acting as if we were being unreasonable. She then tried to charge me for a double icecream scoop when I asked for a single but with two flavours. Other staff members always get this right and are generous with portions, but she bitterly said 'well you might have asked for a single scoop but that girl served you a double scoop so it costs more'. This is not the way to treat customers. We politely left saying thanks, disappointed to have to avoid returning to the place which sells vegan berry cake but feeling that Falko down the road was more worthy of our money for its food and above all, customer service.
4	The Chocolate Tree is simply the best place to go in south Edinburgh on a Sunday evening while staving off those back-to-work blues. Obviously the big draw is the hot chocolates, which seems to be drunk here in the style of wine in other places! The friendly staff will advise you on the best one to fit your taste- last time I had 'Ugandan' I believe, which was fantastic, and not over-sweet as is sometimes the danger. A wide array of delicious cakes is present, and if you can't brave the sugar high of cake and hot chocolate together, the coffee here is good too.Another attraction is the late opening: til 8pm even on Sunday. The only problem is the size of the place- you'll be struggling to get a seat at many times of day, but it's well worth it if you do. If you have a group, try to snag the snug at the back of the place for a more intimate atmosphere.
5	Ice cream in February? Why the blazes not when it's as tasty as Chocolate Tree ice cream?! I didn't actually intend to buy any ice cream, I was quite happy with my (excellent) flat white. But the ice cream looked so good, all bright colours, interesting flavours and tempting swirls... and it turns out that, if you look longingly at it for a moment or two, the staff come over and offer you a wee taste. And after that, well, it would be rude not to buy some! I chose the black forest gateau flavour only to be told that there wasn't enough left for a full helping (it looked like there was quite a lot to me...) and I would have to choose a second flavour as well. Sometimes life is just too hard...I've been back twice since my initial visit and I'm sure it won't be long before I'm there again. (In a weird coincidence my friend has just this second sent me a tweet saying they now have WASABI flavour. It works with peas, will it work with ice cream...? There's only one way to find out and I intend to find out soon.) In addition to my ice cream samplings, I have also tried the earl grey tea (lovely) and one of their hot chocolates. I was rather baffled by the hot chocolate menu - who knew there were so many types?! - but I saved myself the trauma of decision making by just asking which one I should have. The answer - Venezuelan. It was delicious.In case you haven't figured it out, I think Chocolate Tree is brilliant. If you're in Bruntsfield, go there. If you're not in Bruntsfield, go to Bruntsfield and then go there. It has friendly, helpful staff, lovely atmosphere, great tea, coffee, hot chocolate, ice cream... what more could you ask for? Bizzarely, the one thing I haven't tried in Chocolate Tree is the chocolate. Never mind, there's always next time...
4	I really do love the Chocolate Tree and all it has to offer - the cakes are out of this world, the ice cream is a much needed addition to Bruntsfield, the chocolates would be a fab gift (for myself) and the hot chocolate is to die for.  The reason I'm knocking off a star... the service is weird.  Last time I was here I was getting a slice of cake to takeaway and ... I don't even know how to describe it but it's not like the girl who helped me was unfriendly, she just wasn't friendly.  At all.  She wasn't disinterested, just... meh.  The time before that, the guy who served me was actually downright rude to my friend over a misunderstanding they had, before bouncing back to be super friendly (and complimentary) once it was cleared up.It's a real shame because this place has a great, unique product, but it would be so much better if the service could match.
5	This is one of the most dangerous places i could visit, so be warned!!My darling Sara.P recently introduced me to this place and i'm in love with it. I was like a child in a sweet shop looking at their menu of coffee, tea and hot chocolate, not to mention the vast array of cakes, muffins, croissants...The hot chocolate is actually liquid chocolate, heaven in a tea cup. One of my favourite things about this place is the mismatch of old tea cups and sauces. So pretty and girly! :)I can't wait for the summer (yes, i'm still being optimistic that we will get some sun) as they have a bit of outside seating. As i used to live in Bruntsfield, i do have a deep and everlasting love and affection for the area and this place sums up what Bruntsfield is all about! So, "what is the danger?" i hear you say... the danger is that if i keep visiting here i will eat and drink my body weight in chocolate, cakes and muffins! A severe chance of death by chocolate if ever there was one :)
5	Almost cried when I found out they did churros here...ok, maybe a slight exaggeration but I haven't been able to find ANYWHERE else that does them! Only visited this place once or twice but the churros with thick chocolate were to die for, and ive been dragging friends to go with me for more. Very small little homely coffee style shop, gorgeous looking cakes. Small outside tables (...really,... in scotland?). I can't wait to go back!
4	what a cute little shop!  mmmm Spanish hot chocolate with hot twisted churros that you dip in the small cup of creamy dark hot chocolate!!  I don't know who wouldn't love this place. the chocolate cheesecake was alright
4	The chocolate tree gains one star because since this occasion, I haven't encountered the same bad service and the food has been really tasty. I think this is the only place in Edinburgh which offers Spanish hot chocolate with churros and Italian ice cream.
3	the boy and i had been out doing a bit of shopping on sunday afternoon and ended up in brunstfield where i fancied a wee treat.  we thought perfect, we'll head along to the chocolate tree and have some cake and coffee.  hmm..no such luck as the place was packed!!  we opted to take away our cakes and some hot chocolates instead. the service here was good, the girl behind the counter helping us quickly and packing our cakes into a nice box.  she was also helpful when i asked about the spice level on the mayan hot chocolate and the orange spiced one.  she said neither were too spicy but she preferred the orange one which is what we both went with.the orange spiced hot chocolate was lovely but very rich.  i think this could have benefited from coming in a smaller size (although we already got the small....) as i couldn't face the last few mouths with the rich chocolate and cloying sweetness.  when it came time to eat the cakes i wasn't overenthused either.  i had gotten a hazelnut tart that looked beautiful.  what it turned out to be there was a pastry tart filled with loads of rich dark chocolate mousse with a sprinkling of some hazelnuts on top.  no hazelnuts in the moussee or the tart at all... the tart proved far too rich to finish and i was disappointed my cake hadn't lived up to expectations.  my boyfriend felt similarly about his chocolate maple walnut cake.  he said it was nice but by leaving half of it on the plate i knew what he really meant was it's ok but i'm not particulary keen on this.so sadly the chocolate tree was just a bit too chocolate-y for us.  they did have an ice cream counter so i will be sure to take another visit in the warmer weather to give this a try, but in terms of the cakes and hot chocolate i'll need to wait until my chocolate levels significantly decrease after this weekends treats!
5	Best hot chocolate in town, maybe in the world. A bit on the expensive side, though.
5	I have to raise my rating yet again, as a return to the chocolate tree reminded me why I fell in love with the place. I had a simple dark chocolate sorbet, but really, it was incredible.The chocolate tree offers really good rich chocolate, very little of that chocolate which leaves you pining for more, and then consuming an entire 100g of the stuff and feeling sick. On offer are decadent tarts and cakes, many of which are magically also vegan and gluten free. The vegan berry cake is probably just about one of the most incredible inventions ever: rich dark chocolate and hazelnut make the base, the sweet red berry coulis/jelly on top balances this out, creating a taste sensation in the mouth.The gelato is for sure the most authentic in town, the flavours include chai, pistachio, black forest, honey and almond. The chocolate sorbet is a really good choice if you want a strong chocolate hit.Hot chocolate and churros make for a very delicious alternative to your morning porridge or afternoon tea and cake.The selection of chocolate is really to die for, you may just feel a little bit overwhelmed.I would like a room of my house to imitate the chocolate tree.
5	I love the Chocolate Tree and it's huge list of hot chocolates and it has churros!! :) What more could you want. I hadn't had churros since I lived in America over ten years ago so I was ecstatic to hear the Chocolate Tree do them, and I've now tried them twice and they are gooooood with really intense chocolate to dip them into. I also tried macaroons for the first time which I thought were great, but I haven't tried them anywhere else to be able to compare them.I've only been a few times, but everytime I've enjoyed it. I live quite close so I need to resist the temptation to go in regularly, and I try to forget they do take away as I'll end up spending a fortune. I wish it had more seats but then I also like the intimate atmosphere of the place. Staff always seem friendly which is important too!
4	Our local! For drinking chocolate there is nowhere better. I can thoroughly recommend the Spanish chocolate with churros, love the white hot chocolate for a soothing break, and one of the higher-cacao drinks such as Venezuelan for that kick in the pants to finish off the day.Can be difficult to get a seat so you can reserve in advance by phone or online. Only downside is that actually I don't think their chocolate itself is up to much (esp. compared to local rivals Coco), and cakes are often a bit dry. But the drinking chocolate is the best around for sure!Okay, I've done it, now I have to pop down and get me some!
4	This is a wee gem of a cafe. I've been three or four times now and I really enjoy it. Having recently discovered I am lactose intolerant I decided to try their dairy free hot chocolate and it was delicious. Unlike most others I have tried, it actually tasted like hot chocolate! They offer a range of different hot chocolates, chocolate bars and ice-creams/sorbets. The raspberry sorbet is particularly good. I had bought some of their plain chocolate to take home and make chocolate mousse and so bought some to take away to serve with it, and both were delicious! The various chocolates I have tried have not been sickly sweet but rich and scrummy. They also do Artisan Roast coffee (and make it better than Artisan Roast themselves in my opinion!). The only thing that stops me going here often is that it is a bit more expensive than a lot of other places to go for hot chocolate and cake in the area, however I do respect their sourcing policies and so appreciate the slight price difference.
5	Wow what a small lovely casual hip place The Chocolate Tree is.   I first became aware of them at Yelp's Winter Wonderland in December, where I had a chat with the owner while sampling some chocolate - but why has it taken nearly half a year to venture in?Reason is, it was usually booked out mostly every-time I walked past, so today made an executive decision to get a coffee here no matter what and sample more delicious sugary chocolate things and to savour their cool light and awesomely casual place.With luck a table was available so never needed to book, also around 2pm missed the mass lunchers and most yum-mums so upon seated look around to activate all five senses. Jazz music playing - a treat for the ears, coffee smells for the nose, coupled with choc tastes, the feel of the place is homely and definitely not rushed, and you'll be in a pickle to look at what chocolates to take away.With fantastic ace customer attention and being wifi enabled, I set about some work and was soon off again on another Cappuccino and Cake-ville adventure. But cor-blimey nothing had prepare me for the velvety smooth texture of the Rum Truffle slice o' cake(gf) against the slight bitter coffee taste. Each complimented the other perfectly so as a result this was my new favourite discovered place of the week!You'll find they have framed pictures relating to items sold, but one very large pic opposite the till, if you look close enough is actually a jigsaw; wondered how long that took to make? Adorning other walls are shelves of cups and other products but couldn't buy them just now as didn't have anymore arms to carry stuff...but that's what you get for walking back from the bank in Morningside; many many shops!If the wifi isn't working just get nice staff to reset it, hopefully you will get access, it worked for me. I also was allowed to sit for a fair while as it wasn't really busy mid afternoon.But apologies to staff for being a student and not tipping kind staff this time. My reason was cake slice looked awesome cost more than I had in cash, so had to use card; promises to make up for it on next visit!In all go if you want to experience one of Edinburgh's hot places on the coffee scene.
5	Oh.Ya.DancerAs we've been sweltering in the office all week, we decided to treat ourselves to some ice cream.  I'm not a huge fan of what's on offer at S Luca so suggested the Chocolate Tree for something different.We seemed to have the same thought as everyone else and wow, we were impressed.  The flavours were an interesting mix of standard and slightly unusual (amaretti and cinnamon - nomnomnom) with vegan sorbets thrown in.  Two of us got the mint chip and while the ice cream was fantastic the chocolate chips in it were ... well ridiculous in how good they were.  The chocolate sorbet was so loved by our resident vegan that within 10 minutes of finishing he suggested another Chocolate Tree run.  This is going to be a dangerous love affair.
4	I love the chocolate tree! As a complete chocaholic it is certainly the place for me. They do all sorts of delicious different hot chocolates along with cakes, desserts and macaroons. For me, it has to be the Spanish hot chocolate with churros. It is heavenly. I'd recommend sharing a hot chocolate and getting some extra churros for the perfect quantity of dark chocolatey goodness. The also do great ice cream in this place, which is also stocked at The Beach House in Portobello. I've tried a few of their flavours, but the salted caramel is my favourite.Would definitely recommend this place. The only downside is that is often is very busy and can be tricky to get a table. But hey, I guess that's a sign that it's good!
5	I had a yummy hazelnut soy hot coco. The hazelnut dominated the drink but it was still lovely.  And the macrons! O sooo wonderful! I had a camel and apple one ( seasonal!) . Such a lovely chocolate shop and cafe! Expensive but well worth a treat now and then ;)
4	So I had kept hearing about the churros con chocolate and I had to try them. Being half Spanish I love my churros con chocolate and was well excited to have access to freshly made churros in the Burgh! Amazing!!!For my first visit I got a wee bow churro which was lovely but it was literally caked with sugar in cinnamon. Now, this isnt a Spanish style churro this is more reminiscent of the Mexican style ones you get in the states. These of course are much nicer cause they are freshly made and not as stodgy, but not like the Spanish ones.Second visit I remembered how small the churro was so I ordered 2 and asked for a light dusting of sugar. Well, this time the churro was HUGE! It was 3-4 bowties at least! The hot chocolate was amazing as well but I couldnt finish it all. Definitely should order just one cause you never know what size you are going to get! Overall good quality and my mate thought her mocha latte was divine.
3	I don't want to spoil the party here, folks... I don't know. The Chocolate Tree just wasn't as much of a swizzle of fairy dust as I'd been expecting. It was nice, for sure. It was cosy and cute.My expectations may have been too high; not that I was picturing myself leaving the premises like a confectionery version of Queen Elsa in Frozen, summoning flurries of rich chocolate at my fingertips, but suffice to say I was preparing to feel ensconced in a warm choccy glow, and instead I just felt like... Well that was nice.I have something of an issue with places that don't make it clear whether you order at the counter or wait for service. To be honest, I'm still not entirely clear on that; it seems like a waitress service sort of place but after waiting for twenty minutes we ended up just going up and ordering. It's not a big place but always busy so be sure to book ahead. Cute and weeny, it fits in in the area very well, and let's not forget they also have a check in deal if you're in the market for buying chocolate bars! Always a good thing.The hot chocolate was really very nice; sweet and in a nice big mug I could wrap my hands around. The legendary churros were less of a delight; a little dry and over-cinnamoned, I felt, but nice and twisty nonetheless and not stingy on the portion. And it's a genuinely lovely little shop; we sat in the tiny corner by the window and watched the world go by for a while. So in all, it's a definite three from me, in that I'd gladly return at someone else's suggestion but probably wouldn't be the person to suggest it myself.
5	I visited the chocolate tree for a coffee with a colleague for an impromptu meeting. I walked in looking for a cappuccino and came out with a fresh iced coffee (none of that powder rubbish) and some Chai ice cream (absolutely and unexpectedly delicious by the way). The service was perfect, and the food/drinks were amazing. It was also nice to sit outside in the glorious weather we've been having.Will go again soon and try a churro as I see it's popular on here.
4	A great place to visit if you're a chocoholic or just craving a chocolate buzz. Amazing hot chocolate! Only one downside. Would have given it a 5 star rating if there was more indoor seating in the cafe.
5	Let's start with the chocolate. Very rich with a variety of unique and innovative flavours from floral or fruity, to alcoholic, to latin spiced. Moral of the story, I came to chocolate tree expecting quality chocolate and I was not disappointed.The game changer for me, however, were those churros! How they can make them so delicate and light - with that perfect balance of cinnamon and sugar - is beyond me. Whatever they are doing, they should keep it up because despite living across the border from Mexico, the best churros I have ever had in my life was at Chocolate Tree.
