3	Take Out Only Review*I am so very happy there is now an Indian restaurant in our neighborhood.  I was near ecstatic when I learned of their upcoming opening.  I've been peeking in windows and organizing a weekly drive-by to check on their progress.  Well, after all of my patient waiting they finally opened yesterday.As I am recovering from the nasty cold that has taken over much of the Henderson/LV population, my husband and I decided to get some food to go.  It took forever.  I mean when the women at the counter said 25 minutes, she meant 35+.  (Opening day, I can't take much issue with this.  However, I do feel as if no place should open until they are ready.) I think she may be one of the owners.  Nice lady, but you could see she was exhausted from the initial opening of the establishment.  In any case, we ordered the Samosas, which they were out of.  Instead, we ordered the Onion Bhajis.  What we received were the Vegetable Pakoras.  They were really good.  Crispy and light, yet still dense and fulfilling.  The cilantro sauce was awesome.  Spicy and just tart enough.  For our entrees, my husband ordered the Chicken Tikka Masala ($15) as he always does.  We think this was another mix up, because quite frankly it wasn't very creamy and it had way too many peppers and onions in it, which leads me to believe it was the Chicken Jalfrazi.  That would explain the extra spiciness that one usually does not find in Tikka Masala.  They have you order by #.  Which I think is going to be kind of challenging given the goofs we have experienced thus far.  Again, first day...I ordered the Lamb Korma ($16).  Oh my goodness, it was wonderful.  The lamb was tender and falling apart.  The sauce was very flavorful and had just the right amount of heat so I could feel a bit of sweat building up on my chin.  Yummmy!  I loved mine, a lot.We also had some Saffron Rice ($4).  It was tasty too.  Nothing special, it's rice after all.  There prices are a bit more expensive than our usual India Palace, but the portions are substantially larger.  Allowing more than enough for leftovers.  Except for the rice, if two want leftovers the next day, order 2 sides of rice.  Final verdict, I will definitely go back for some more and dine in this time as I need to make an update on the floor service.The interior is lovely, but the lighting was a bit too bright when we were there.  Also, they should have had some fabric draped from the ceilings as it would have make a marked difference to the level of coziness and warmth.  P.S.  daily lunch buffet, if you're into that kind of thing...
2	Ahhh... sooo much opportunity... the only Indian food in Henderson area!  They could make a killing!  We've waited so long!  So disappointed!I stopped by earlier in the day to review the menu since I was in the area, and happily found they had pani poori and chaat and other non-standard fare - pretty much the only nice, sit-down restaurant in all of Las Vegas that serves Pani Poori AFAIK.. but I digress.  Well I convinced my SO to go down there and give them a shot.  We get seated and order some chaat - which was OK but not as good as I remember it.   Fine.  We tried to order the Samosas too (like the first review) but they were still out... after 3 days?  Indian restaurant with no samosas?  Its like peanut butter and no jelly!   Turner and no Hooch! Ahh... let's move on.  We also ordered a full dish of Tandoori Chicken and Chicken Tikka Masala curry.   The food comes out relatively fast - but we had the same problem as the first reviewer - the curry had no curry!  Normally the complaint is too much sauce, no meat.  This was all meat, onions and peppers, and a tiny bit of curry.  That would have been OK, but the meat was... tough?  Tough, over cooked meat?  I can't even remember the last time I ever had overcooked chicken in a restaurant.  Maybe at some backyard BBQ when they forgot to check on it after 30 minutes, but not in a restaurant!  Not for a $15 dish!!  Dry, tough chicken, yuck.The full dish of Tandoori Chicken for $15 is big.  SO BIG, it barely fits on the serving plate.  That's cool and all, but I'm making a mess just trying to get food off the plate.  Plus, the Tandoori is DRY TOO!  WTF!!  It's supposed to be succulent and appetizing and yummy.  Instead we're both depressed and barely touch either dish.  We get it to go for lunch tomorrow.  I wake up the next day and what do I find my SO doing?  Cooking lunch.  She wont even take this stuff to work.  She'd rather spend 2 hours cooking something than eat that meal.  *sigh*.  Such high hopes!Sorry Taza.  Please, learn how to cook the chicken?  Is that too much to ask?
2	** Lunch Buffet Review **i went here for lunch probably 2 months after they opened.  I had high hopes based upon the menu--a lot of good non-standard Indian food...  but the food was just OK.  I hate to judge a place by its buffet...  Service was good.  The folks were friendly... but the food just wasn't what I was expecting taste wise.  Their curries needed salt.
4	I had lunch at Taza recently, and while I claim no knowledge of Indian food, I enjoyed it. It was just under $12 per person if I remember correctly, which seems average, and there was a pretty large selection. The butter chicken and tandoori chicken were especially delicious -- although for the latter, they had two batches while I was there and the first was a little dry. Very very flavorful, though.I want to say there were at least 8 hot dishes (like palak paneer, spicy garbanzo beans, goat curry, samosas, pakora, etc.), soup, a chutney section, a salad, and desserts (cream puffs and cake-ish things, too, along with other things I do not know the names of). And, of course, they bring you a basket of warm yummy naan. Again, as someone who knows nothing about Indian food, I'd go again. Everything tasted good to me.
2	I went here with a couple of friends on a Monday night. We were greeted by a gracious hostess and immediately seated in a large booth. The atmosphere was great, and the restaurant was quiet.Then we opened the menu. Everything seemed rather expensive, but we still ordered, Chicken Tikka Masala, Chicken Curry, and Lamb Curry, all with sides of Saffron Rice (not included in the price by the way) and Naan.The portions were small, especially for what we paid. Also we noticed that the chicken dishes were VERY salty. The Lamb was overcooked, but it was probably microwaved since we got there towards the closing.We won't be going back here, and continue our search for a decent Indian place in Las Vegas
3	The food is fine -- some of it is very interesting -- as is the service. But I was double-charged for a $145 family meal, so make sure to check your credit-card statements. The manager says she will take care of it, but I'm annoyed at having to jump through hoops to correct an error on their part. Thank goodness I used a credit card and not a debit card.
4	we went here today and had the lunch buffet, it was great. the price was $12 and the buffet runs daily. I don't know about the dinner menu because they don't open for dinner until 5 pm but the buffet is awesome. Very diverse, many items in the buffet, the bread they bring out is fresh right out of the oven, i will be returning.
5	ok i had the buffet which did this restaurant no justice! We had dinner Sunday night and it was amazing! Indian food is my new favorite cuisine. We had the tandoori platter with lamb and chicken and a veg curry entree saffron rice onion kulcha bread and they have Taj Mahal beer. Every thing was phenomenal. Must go here! Dessert was the cheese ball yummy!
3	My co-worker and I stopped in for their lunch buffet.  The food seemed a little bland and mild.  I definitely would have preferred some more spice and flavor.  However, the food was good overall.  They actually bring out the naan fresh and warm; it was definitely the highlight.  I could eat that naan dipped in butter chicken sauce all day long.  The mango lassi was also pretty good, as were the cheese balls.
5	I saw this place several times driving up and down Eastern, so I finally decided to stop in and try it out. I am really glad I did. The buffet was laid out nicely. Most importantly, the place was clean. The butter chicken and the naan bread was delicious.
2	I just got back from London last week and have been craving Indian food ever since i got back after eating it every other day while there. I came across Taza on Eastern and saw they had a  lunch buffet and gave it a shot. The service is great and the decor is nice as well. Do like the very BIG flat screen they have too. There are a lot of choices for the lunch buffet and it is a good deal for your $ but the food was very dry and not very tasty. The best thing i had there was the naan and soup. Looks like i will have to wait until i go back to London to get some quality Indian
3	Just ok! The lunch buffet is decent. Dinner is outrageously priced, and ala cart, right down to the rice and naan bread. Heaven forbid you get a little free rice with your $20 indian entree or a piece of naan!!! Their dinner portions are also small, and they really skimp on the meat.Flavor-wise: ok, good for Las Vegas, but won't compare tothe Indian restaurants in California. Just not authentic indian cooking!Their 30+ item lunch buffet is more reasonable for $11.99Their best dish here is butter chicken: tandoori chicken in a butter, cream sauce, and their gulab jamun.But their naan bread is very dried, perhaps yesterday left overs???
4	We love Indian food. So we were excited when this place opened up.. We finally made our way to try it last week and it was so good!!! It was expensive for dinner and granted we had a gift certificate that we purchased online at restaurants.com. However, it was really good and worth the money. The garlic nan, chicken tikki marsala and some lamb dish that we got was amazing. We will be eating here again.
4	I want to give this place a 5.. but i just CAN'T. There is nothing wrong with this place... and I can't even think of a concrete reason to not give it the best review... I have been here two times, once during dinner and once for the lunch buffet. -my opinion- Great service (at dinner) Great selection (lunch buffet) Very decent atmosphere Very Clean Good location (fills that need for Indian food in that area) But the problem is this... The food is just.... I mean it's good... just not quite... Great? what am i trying to say? I don't know. I think the food is a bit bland.
3	Lunch buffet review:Being the closest Indian restaurant to my house, I decided to check it out the other day. During the week, they run a $11.99 lunch buffet special which has just about everything you can ever imagine out on the line including: chicken tandoori, goat curry, samosas and a lot of other tasty stuff that I do not remember the name of. Overall, if your in the area and hungry for Indian food, it's definitely worth a stop, especially if they are running a lunch buffet special. You may not come back, but at least you can say you tried it!
1	Taza Indian Kitchen is currently closed for business.
