5	If you want attention to detail, great quality and a decent price, this is the place to take your car.  Eric , Dan and the whole crew were absolutely phenomenal.  Never new hail damage could be as painless as it was.  If you get into an accident or just need some custom body work, take it here, you wont be sorry.
5	I recently went to a few body shops in this area for some minor damage to the front end of my Nissan Titan. I wanted to go out of pocket b/c the price to fix seemed like it would be far less then my deductible from my insurance. I always shop 3 places and pick the price that is in between. All companies I went too were very nice & professional, and all pointed out that the cosmetic dmg appeared to be from a minor impact (hard to see if not up close) and the reason my front end was lose was due to clips/screws/bolts what have you wearing and falling out, or shaking lose upon the impact. The first 2 places quoted me around $100 and promised me a speedy fix. At Capitol, I spoke with Ronnie, and he let me know that the clips were extremely inexpensive (like 10c a piece), and fixed it right there on the spot for me, no charge! I was so impressed, and know that in the future if I ever have any work that needs to be done, I will be heading over to these guys!No I do not know any of the employees nor am I affiliated with them in anyway, I was just super impressed. This is actually my first online review! Way to go Capitol!
5	Great staff, friendly and they do a great job. I have taken it both times my car needed work and each time I have been 100% satisfied! Thanks again!
5	This is where you need to take your car!  Dan, David, Ronnie, and Melissa are experts! Our '01 Camry looks better than new! The team at Capitol took a bad situation and made it good. They were fast, courteous, and professional. I highly recommend them and will take our vehicles to them in the future.
5	I went to several body shops around the valley for a quote to fix my car and by far Capitol Collision Repair was the most reasonable! They were fast, friendly and got the job done. My car looks brand new, they even washed it inside and out. Look no further than Capitol Collision Repair YOU WON'T BE SORRY!!! This is the place to get your car looking like new!
5	They did a complete paint job on my 88 Jeep Comanche and it looks awesome still a year later. I also sent a friend who needed the rear hatch of his new Grand Cherokee re-painted. I can't see the difference between the factory and the repair. They are fair with pricing and they do the job right.
5	Capitol Collision did an awesome job on my car. They helped coordinate repairs with the insurance company, my rental car, and walked me through the whole process. I was in a little fender bender so they were able to fix my car and repaint my bumper in one day. They also cleaned the entire interior of my car - I swear it looks better today than the day I bought it. I also love that Capitol is family/locally owned so I know my money is going right back into my community.
5	Went in for a quote, which they gave me immediately, and set up an appointment for the repair on the spot. Fast and friendly.
5	They are extremely friendly and provide quick and quality work. My bumper was barely hanging on and within less than two days a new bumper and paint job was done. Rodney was the mechanic who helped me and kept me updated on all that was wrong. Outstanding.
1	Tried to get an estimate on Monday, 4 days later and after run around  from Bryan, I was finally told that they could not match a previous estimate. After sending him pictures and complaining to Rodney, I still could not get return call back.Not sure if  Bryan just did not know how to prepare an estimate or first day at work. Either way they should not have waited 4 days to tell me.Not mad at this 2 business, just disappointed in their management for not responding to a concern in a timely manner. Also could use training on customer service and knowledge of vehicle accidents. Email me to discuss if you'd like to know further details.Would not recommend this place and it takes alot for me to give one star. They worked hard to get that.
4	I'm updating my previous review because this business cares enough about the community and their customers that they called me back and I spoke to Bryan about my concerns.They realized what went wrong and it is my sincere belief that they will use this to not only improve, but to strive to keep their customers happy and maintain  high customer satisfaction reviews.Most business would ignore their review and "not worry", but not these guys. I appreciate the time they took to speak to me and appreciate walking away shaking hands.Capitol Collision not only deserves your business, but should have your business because they care about its customers and they are local.Most importantly local business are the heart of America!!My first interaction with Capitol was a great experience, although my situation was time sensitive, I've moved on in the property phase of my accident.I will give them another try should I ever need a collision center, and I would recommend to you as well.
5	I was referred to Capitol Collision by a few friends, and after I went in and talked to Brian, I felt comfortable bringing in my car. During a conversation with my insurance adjuster I had a question for Capitol and the owner Dan got on the phone and personally talked to me. I would definitely do business here again. My car looks great!
1	I'm sad to do this but I feel betrayed. I brought my 05 Benz in beginning of August. Nothing was done, from what I've seen, but simple body work and they got a check from my insurance for $6,000. I know quite a bit about the auto collision business and everyone knows they cut corners to reduce overhead. Fine with me, but don't give my car back in worse condition than it was before my accident. It's just not right. Too much to write, these guys know exactly what transpired. Thanks for the help Dan, you just pawned me right back off to Brian who could definitely use an assistant. After telling me "Ill handle this personally", I never heard from you again unless I called you directly. Nothing got fixed either. My car pulls to the side of the road and the guys clear coated right over small pebble dings in my hood. Really?? Couldn't have hooked it up with a dab of touch up paint after having my car for 3 MONTHS?? Nice enough people but I lost all respect for this place. They "sent" my car to transmission shop where we had a huge week long miscommunication. Come to find out, it's attached to their building!!!!!! I could have shipped my car home to California and had it done months ago. Instead, I repeatedly believed their stories like my rim getting lost in the mail. Sounds like a delay if game to me. Thanks for nothing guys. Take your business elsewhere.
1	Thanks for responding Dan. Ive forwarded all information to the Arizona Department of Consumer Affairs. Thank you for your time.
