5	I love the pediatrics doctor Dr Casey. she is wonderful and her nurse is so funny. I have been bringing my son to these doctors for 13 years. They have perfomed many surgeries on him and have always done a great job. They have him in the greatest interest for his continued health.they are on the 3rd floor of the Randolph rd office. check in has always been quick. receptionist always pleasant and speaking in a low tone as she verifies address and phone number. which is nice since I dont like it when everyone in the waiting room can hear where i live and how to find out if I am home or not!x-ray techs were very nice, although one guy would not heed my instructions that if he wanted my son not to move during the x-ray he needed to be a whole lot FASTER, I understand he was instructing the other person on how to get this type of x-ray but MY son is not the person to learn on since my son does not understand don't move!my only real gripe would be parking! out front there is a horse shoe drop off area and on the exit side is about 4 parking spaces, i think they should be for oversized handicap! the parking garage is a LOW clearance garage. and my vehicle is 7 foot 11 inches! so i had to drive around for about 10 minutes until a small compact car left the front handicap parking spacesUPDATE:  if you have a tall vehicle like mine. the first floor handicap is high enough. you can even enter more easily nearest the orthopedic hospital and exit in front of the orthocarolina building. there is even a covered walk way from the garage to the medical building. there is not a great deal of handicap parking in this small section, but maybe you will get lucky
5	I was referred to OrthoCarolina for a ruptured L5S1 disc.  They were great, from beginning through surgery and physical therapy.  They have offices all over Charlotte, with different specialists in different areas. I went to the University office and then the Randolph Rd Spine Center.  They were very knowledgable and reassuring, and they explained the situation fully.  I would not hesitate to recommend them for any orthopedic issues.  Their reception/front office/billing staff are professional, polite and organized and know what they are doing.
5	Official Team Physician of the Charlotte Hounds. Best in the Business!
1	What a waste of my time!  Very impersonal and uncaring.  Made you feel like a $ not a person.  I get better care doing my own PT at home.  I wouldn't recommend the Charlotte OrthoCarolina to anyone.
1	Not impressed. The doctor sends his PA in before the surgery. The doctor doesn't come and speak with us before they take him to surgery.  This is the docs first surgery of the morning. Maybe I just have high expectations.
3	Physical therapists are barely caring, the receptionists at the physical therapy section are extremely unprofessional. They laugh and talk with each other behind the counter,  yet they will not put any of that smile into your one -on- one  checkout when you approach them. Youre lucky if you get a physical therapist that actually informs you, for me that was a man by the name of Bruce.Im looking into somewhere else.
5	For those of you who are not aware, I fell off an obstacle course Saturday. My friend Dan responded to this news with, "fell off an obstacle course? Aren't you %& years old? Did you build a treehouse after?" So yes, the girl who played three sports for ten years... who's been drilled with line drives... flipped over a left field fence.... thrown off a horse... ridiculous collisions on layups... finally injured herself for the first time ever on an obstacle course. Life, eh?I convinced myself Saturday that I didn't need to go to Urgent Care. Or maybe it was Fireball that did the convincing. Either way, I woke up Sunday and said, "something is definitely wrong."So, my roomie drove me to OrthoCarolina Urgent Care. First of all, this is the complete opposite of every single Urgent Care I have ever visited. All the others, you wait for hours with strangers coughing and sneezing all over you... only to be looked at by a doctor for 30 seconds. And usually diagnosed incorrectly. Not here. I went right in (after filling out all the necessary paperwork), talked to a nice nurse type person about my injury and then straight to x-ray.The doctor went over my x-ray with me, discussed my injury and what I need to do to take care of it. Spoiler alert: there's a break in the top part of my left shoulder. The nurse then fitted me for my sling-type apparatus and sent me on my way with my pain medicine prescription.I'm terrified of doctors, hospitals.. pretty much pain in general. This was such a pleasant experience, Well, excluding the fact my shoulder is fractured. Everyone was so nice. At one point during x-ray, the technician was making a really awful face while looking at mine. He must've saw the look of panic on my face because he quickly apologized and said he was just trying to figure out the best angle to shoot the next one. Of course, that ended with two more people coming into the room and joining him to make the exact same face. #allofthepanicI hope I never have to come here again, but if I fall off an obstacle course in the future this will be my go-to place. I highly recommend Ortho UC for any kind of sprain, strain or fracture.
4	Urgent care. Fast and friendly. Both PAs and MDs on staff. Got an xray with results in 15 minutes.
5	Our daughter was born breech, so we have had to get her hips looked at to make sure everything is growing the way it should be. We saw Dr. Casey and she is wonderful! Our first visit was at this location, and while speaking with her, Dr. Casey asked if their Matthews office would be more convenient, which it was, so we have scheduled follow up appointments there. Our daughters first ultrasound was done at another place by an ultrasound tech and sent to Dr. Casey to review... the second one Dr. Casey did, and WOW, what a difference. She was so wonderful with our baby girl, that she didn't fuss, cry, or anything. It takes a special person to keep an infant happy and still in order to get an ultrasound, and Dr. Casey is that person! So if you need pediatric orthopedic services, we would definitely recommend Dr. Casey!
5	Now that I have been cleared.... it's time to update my review and recap my past 3+ months with OrthoCarolina.So, I broke my shoulder in the beginning of July. I have been with OrthoCarolina through the entire process- urgent care, doctor and physical therapy. Pretty sure I'm paying to keep the lights on there this quarter.The major constant through all of this: the people here are all so nice. From the woman at the front desk of the building who greets you as you walk in, to the doctors, assistants, check-out... hell, even the people who run OrthoCarolina's social media... super friendly all the way around.I was extremely lucky to have Aaron Hewitt for treatment and the duo of Matt & Keith for physical therapy. Although I don't recommend breaking anything, I do recommend these three if the unthinkable happens in your world.Thank you to everyone at OrthoCarolina for getting me through all of this. I hope I never have to see any of you again (well, in an OrthoCarolina kind of way. Real life is more than okay!).
1	I called early in December to make an appt. They scheduled me  for 3 or 4 weeks away for an appt on Jan 2nd to get my hand checked out. No eye contact by either lady at the check -in desk. as I approached from the elevator with 20 people in the waiting room at 2pm.  Told to sign in and have a seat.  Called me 10 minutes after my appt time to let me know that they were behind and "double booked"  I rescheduled but I'm finding a new place. Not worth the bother. Or maybe it is,  but I'll never know.
