5	An easy five star review for this one since I have owned a number of vehicles that were all tinted by Randy's. My first experience of the quality was when I had a dealership purchased Charger that was already tinted by Randy's.  The tint was very well done and I had numerous compliments on the quality.  So much so that I have brought a number of cars that were not tinted previously to Randy's.  Most recently, I had to get my wife's vehicle retinted since a few windows that were done by another shop begain peeling and bubbling.  Randy fixed them up nicely.  The costs are reasonable given the labor and materials that go into it.  Overall, count me as very happy!
5	I have used Randy's Window Tinting for several years on multiple cars. Randy work is exceptional and he stands behind it 100%.  His rates are certainly competitive around town and the quality is certainly higher than other shops.
5	I have had the oppertunity of knowing and working with Randy for the past 20 years.  He is the only tint comopany I will take my vehicles to (new or used).  My friends and family use Randy as well and have stated "they will always use him for tint".Customer service is a top priority for Randy and his wife Donna, they are family owned and operated.If your looking for a tint shop...go see Randy and tell him Dee sent ya!!
5	After trying to reach the company suggested to me by the local car wash, and not being able to reach them on the phone, I found Randy's on Yelp and came right over.  He was friendly, knowledgable and was able to replace our bubbled window tint immediately!!  So glad I have Yelp on my side!!
4	Before I give our daughter one of our cars, I needed to replace the tint on the rear window. It was hard to see out of it and it was poorly done previously by someone else. Randy was real easy to work with, I was able to drop off the car a day earlier to satisfy my schedule. We picked the car up yesterday and it looks real nice. I did noticed some bubbles, and he explained to me with these cars that has a lot of dimples on their window. It's impossible to make it perfect. I already knew there was an issue with that, so It wasn't a problem. As time goes on and if there is any problem or not, I'll revise this review up or down. But as of now everything is just fine.
5	Great service and great price.  I called Randy to quote and schedule the tinting for my wife's SUV.  Randy made the process very smooth and I could not have asked for a more accomodating appointment.  Dropped off the car, picked up 1.5 hours later as promised with a top notch job.  I will have all of my cars done by Randy going forward.  I will recommend Randy to friends and family.  I will actually also get Randy to tint some home windows to block out some of the AZ heat.
5	Extremely efficient, friendly and straight forward. I called to set up an appointment a week in advance and when the appointments showed up he took me an hour early. All in all the time spent was about 45 minutes to an hour while I walked around the neighborhood. Randy was very helpful asked exactly what I wanted. I told him what I wanted and he followed through to it today. The tinting looks great. Very happy with my visit so far.
5	This review is late but well deserved. I hired another company that offered a mobile tint service to come to my home to tint my car and it was the absolute worst job I have ever seen first hand.  Thankfully, I took my car to Randy and he was able to fix all of the tint quickly and efficiently. In no time at all he was able to strip the old tint and reapply the new tint perfectly. Not only do the windows look great but he was also friendly and professional. I would highly recommend his place.
1	Pretty bad experience. Workers didn't know what was going on. Owner not available. Shoddy work. Have to bring car back to correct tinting.  Outgoing phone messages not changed to correct date so couldn't get a hold of shop because worker couldn't answer the phones. Do not recommend
5	I found him on Facebook and took my husband's truck in. Randy is very friendly and does an amazing job! Prices are great and I will be taking my car also. I would highly recommend him. Family owned and you feel right at home!
5	Stopped by the check out the prices and Randy was able to have our front windows tinted on our Camaro within 30 minutes. Great job, great service!
