5	The Farmhouse is a wonderful gem of a place. It's small and cozy, and filled with antiques. The location is just as quaint, in downtown Gilbert's Heritage District. BTW, the Farmhouse restaurant is not to be confused with the Farmhouse Village. There ARE restaurants there, but they are not the original Farmhouse, and not nearly as good. I have never had a meal here I didn't like --- from cinnamon rolls, to scrambled eggs and gravy, to a BTL sandwich and soup. They serve simple American fare, but do it right. They also --- amazingly --- have some of the same cooks and servers who have been working there for years.The only downside I can think of is that due to it's growing popularity, there can be a line out the door. It's worth the wait.
5	A fantastic spot for breakfast!  (Lunch is pretty good too!)  Fresh ingredients always make every dish a home run.  The staff is so warm - make you feel like part of the family.  The restaurant is located on a picturesque, old-time, americana, main street in Gilbert, AZ.  The line is usually long on weekend mornings, but it is always worth the wait.  Great food, authentic country atmosphere, homey-friendly service - it doesn't get any better than this in the Metro Phoenix area.
3	Scrambled eggs, toast and hashbrowns.  Simple, basic and just what you want for an early morning breakfast.  It's kind of like having breakfast in someone's kitchen.  I'd recommend starting with (and sharing) one of their cinnamon rolls.  They're big and covered with frosting!  Good stuff!
4	Not really worth the drive for me, but the food was pretty good. If you're in the area, you should check it out. They have a pretty basic and standard breakfast, but it's easy to fuck up standard and basic and they did a good job. I wouldn't go out of my way to eat there again, but I liked it.
5	I love breakfast here!  Hands down the best breakfast I have ever had (sorry mom).  They have all the basics plus you can build your own scrambles, omelets, etc.  I love their vegetarian style scrambles.  The portions are so large that you can easily share with another person.  You have to try the warm cinnamon rolls for dessert (or take one home with  you).  Again, it is quite large and you will need help finishing it off.The interior is very clean and simple with a monochromatic color scheme (much like what you expect from an actual farmhouse).  The staff is always very friendly and warm.  I guarantee there will be a wait on the weekends so get there early and put your name on the list.  I did try this place for lunch and I feel the breakfast is far superior.
4	One of my favorite places for breakfast/brunch: generous cinnamon rolls, unique omelette's, and more.  There can be a long wait on a weekend, so come early or late.
4	Worth. The. Wait.On a weekend morning (including Friday, curiously) expect a minimum wait of 20 minutes.  There are a couple of benches outside to sit on if there's room, and they have shades hung so you don't fry while you're waiting, but even if you're standing in the blazing sun, it's worth the wait.The new location (the old one was a mile or so south, in a real farmhouse) is in downtown Gilbert, in an adobe building between a furniture store and small grocery.  There are cool wood-plank floors, antiques sprinkled around, and cozy tables.  The tableware is also very homey - mismatched plates and utensils that contribute to the old farm kitchen feel of the place.  It's clean and well-lit and very, very, very busy.The wait staff is excellent, demonstrated by their efficient handling of the unending throngs of diners.  The servers are friendly and accommodating, and never fail to crack a joke or exchange some type of pleasantry that makes one feel welcome.  They understand the meaning of "extra crispy" in relation to potatoes, and communicate requests well to the cook.  My tea test (iced tea glass refilled at 3/4 empty at a minimum, and never allowed to go dry) may seem like a slam-dunk here, since they serve the tea in gigantic 32-ounce glasses, but I can drink gallons, and they've always passed the test with flying colors.  Once you're seated and the meal is ordered, the food arrives quickly.The breakfast menu is somewhat typical, with omelets, scrambles, French toast, pancakes, but there's something magical in the preparation and the quality of ingredients.  Daily specials are listed on a board outside the door, and are creative and usually quite good.  The lunch menu and daily midday specials lean heavily towards comfort food (open-faced roast beef and gravy sandwich, meatloaf and mashed potatoes, roast chicken, etc.) with the usual cast of burger and sandwich characters thrown in for good measure.  Portions are hearty, and prices are fair.The omelets are at least three egg, and are filled to capacity.  There are a huge number of combinations, and all that I have tried have been excellent.  The vegetables are fresh and crisp-tender, the meat is abundant, the cheese is melty, and the eggs fluffily hold it all together.  The Farmhouse's iced tea is my favorite iced tea in the state of Arizona.  It's just straight-up, strong brewed tea (no passionfruit, raspberry or sweeteners), clear, brisk and delicious.  The coffee is really good, too, and I'm not a huge coffee drinker.  It's served in traditional thick white ceramic mugs, and is dark, fragrant and strong, without any bitterness.  We've tried a couple of specials, including a Mexican-style scramble with pork green chile that is fabulous.  The default bread at breakfast is not toast - it's whole wheat French bread, sliced on the bias and buttered and grilled.  It sounds weird, but it's really, really good - warm and soft with a nicely crisped, buttery top.The only thing I didn't like here was the chicken fried steak, which is only offered on weekends.  I know it's ghetto, but I like mine made with a steak that's been pushed through the cuber so much that it closely resembles a hamburger, and can be cut with a fork.  Chicken fried steak at the Farmhouse is made with a real steak; no cube steak or hamburger.  The coating is light and crispy, and the gravy is great, but it was too fibrous and "steaky" for me.I haven't ever had the revered cinnamon roll, but I did try a berry cobbler once (a la mode) and it was incredibly good - sweet and syrupy with juicy ripe berries and a flaky, buttery crust.High-quality ingredients, careful preparation, superior service and the feeling like you're in your grandma's kitchen combine to make the wait all worthwhile at The Farmhouse.
4	I had breakfast at this restaurant this morning (6/6/08) and it was outstanding.  Their breakfast oatmeal, served with raisins, brown sugar, and milk, is some of the best I've ever tasted, so much so that I asked the waitress what kind of oatmeal they used (Quaker Slow Oats is what was explained to me).  The menu lists homemade muffins so I asked what the muffin of the day was and it turned out to be one of my favorites, blueberry.  I ordered the muffin and it was served piping hot with a few pats of butter.  It was so hot that I was compelled to melt butter over it, something I rarely do.  The muffin was delicious and not too sweet like so many you get at chain restaurants or convenience stores.  The coffee was excellent, the service friendly without being too friendly, and the restaurant itself was very clean and nicely, if simply, appointed.  I will eat here again and bring my family.
5	I absolutely LOVE this place. We live just down the road from here for two years and were definitely regulars! Sadly we moved and are now on the other part of the city, but I will say its worth the drive if you get a chance. They have some off the all amazing specials that often run our, but this is the real deal when it comes to home made fantastic food! They even sever mimosas!!!!
5	I don't want to share, I'm selfish by nature. Not proud of the fact but a character flaw that has been working out for me so far. So, why do I share? I can't help myself and it is so good, I do believe I could be meddling with my karma by not mentioning this little know fact....The Farm House is serving dinner. Yep, you got it. Dinner. One night a week, Friday to be exact from 5pm-8pm and yes, you can order beer or wine. Mother of God, it is nirvana and this is not due to the fact that I live in Chandler and have eaten everywhere else! Dinner items are meatloaf with mashed potatoes, ham steak w/scalloped potatoes, chicken and biscuits...OUTRAGEOUS! There is more, I just couldn't memorize the whole menu. Now, I'm not a down home cookin' kinda girl. In fact, I would tell you that down home cookin' is just an excuse for not trying hard enough. Well, take me behind the wood shed and beat me silly, this down home cookin' is amazing. I have never ordered anything with biscuits as part of a main entree and again, after the severe beating with a fence post I deserve, the chicken and biscuits is luscious, buttery, chickeny gravy goodness that curls up on your fork and and caresses your tongue till you can love it no more and are forced to chew! The wait staff is courteous, swift to keep your water glass filled, helpful with the menu, have tried all the entrees and to kick things off will offer you a dinner roll before your entree. Yes, its a single roll and dumbo (me) rolled her eyes, I'm a slow learner and said no. Well, the rocket scientists I went to dinner with had the sense to say. "Hell Yes" and the dinner roll from heaven with wings arrived on its own cake plate with a pat of butter. Don't be an idiot, get the roll. Learn from my stupidity. Enjoy your Friday in Gilbert, do not take my table and tell no one, it will be our secret.
4	Great place, awesome food, too packed.  I'm sorry but I am not going to wait 45mins for breakfast anywhere.  If you go on a weekday, you can usually get right in, but do yourself a favor and avoid this place on a weekend or holiday.Their food is awesome... very fresh and very tasty, the service is great and always friendly, and the prices are very reasonable.  The decor inside is like an old farm house and very quaint.  Check it out, it's yummy!
2	Ate at the Farmhouse on Sunday November 2nd, 2008.. I ordered 1 wheat pancake, and 1 buttermilk pancake (decent enough) with Bacon (dried out) and 1 over-easy egg (cooked perfectly).. The food was ok, not out of this world. I prefer Brunchies in downtown Chandler off of Boston and Arizona or  LIBERTY MARKET right next door!!The only problem with the meal was that the bacon was dried out. It was very fragile. Not sure if this is the norm, but not edible.After eating at Liberty Market I have determined it to be much better than this mediocre fare from The Farmhouse.. To have to wait for up to 1 hour for this food isn't worth the wait.. I suspect they prefer more about the volume of sheep that come through the door to eat their food, than the quality of food they serve. They cram you in like sardines and serve you over cooked food.. 1, just one overcooked item on ANY plate ruins the entire dining experience! I won't be back!
4	This is well worth the wait in the large line formed outside on Sunday morning.  The food is homestyle cooking at its best.  The service is excellent.  Make the time and visit the Farmhouse with the family for a great breakfast experience.
4	This place has tasty food. The line is quite a wait though.
4	Farm House is a quaint local establishment in downtown Gilbert. There is a very homey feel and that vibe was given off by the host and waitress. We were surprised to see Illy coffee on the menu. So delicious! The food is above average. If you enjoy breakfast you will really love the food here. My brother ordered an omelet and it was PACKED full. Looked delicious. The menu made me want to go back and try some of the other stuff... muffins, cinnamon rolls, the different combination of omelets... the list goes on. Well worth going back.
4	Still great even after the move to downtown Gilbert from the old farm house.  The food is very much like farm fresh breakfast you would find in the mid west.
4	I love breakfast and I love The Farm House. It is a bit cramped and busy but since I'm usually dining solo, the counter always has a place open. The daily special scrambles are very tasty and each order comes with home fried potatoes and whole wheat french bread. The coffe is also very good as well as they use Illy coffee. One thing to look out for if you sit at the counter is that you come face to face with two of their fresh made chocolate cakes. It takes every inch of my will power not to order a slice, but alas chocolate cake has won out a couple of times.
3	After living in Gilbert for 12 years, we thought it was about time to patronize this eatery.  Country charming, clean and quaint.  And by quaint, I mean pretty small... but they make good use of the limited space.  I liked the 4 seater counter.One note for newcomers.  Don't sit at the booth closest to the front door.  We visited on a cold January morning, and the arctic chill that blew in every time someone opened that door, made my nipples stand at attention.  Cooled my food off pretty quickly too.I can only imaging how hot it gets during the dog days of summer.The food was good, but I wouldn't purposefully wait longer than a half an hour, due to the liberal portion sizes.
4	Great food, large portions! My family and I really enjoyed our Saturday morning breakfast.
4	Farm House is a Gilbert icon, and I've been going since they inhabited the actual "farm house" down Gilbert Road.  Big, tasty breakfasts are the draw for me, especially the omelettes and homemade cinnamon buns. Gooey goodness!Drawback - The Wait. If you don't get there early, it can be a heckuva wait. Be warned!
4	This was definitely one of the better breakfast spots I've been to in Arizona. The decor was like country sheik and the wait staff was very friendly and attentive.Both times I've ordered the veggie omelet and was happy to see they used fresh spinach and other fresh vegetables. It was very tasty. Most importantly (for me) nothing was super greasy. The wait time to be seated can be a bit much if you're totally starving. I'd go back on a very early weekend morning or a weekday to avoid the masses.
4	A very tasty place for breakfast.  I strenuously object to any place that doesn't serve hash browns, but really that's my only complaint.  They have a ton of different omelets/scrambles (you choose) and you can make your own.  Example: spinach tomato sausage bacon with american cheese.  As a scramble.  With salsa.  The coffee is good (I hear from my wife) and the cinnamon roll is a real treat.  Not the best cinnamon roll ever in a million years but a good 8.5/10.  It is true that there can be a very long wait so plan ahead for sure.  You'll be waiting outside.  They grill their wheat toast-solid.
5	I live in Tempe and the Farmhouse is hands down my favorite breakfast place in the valley. The staff is always very nice, they even often remember my boyfriend and I from previous visits. Their food is all (I think all) homemade including their gigantic cinnamon rolls that are out of this world, their biscuits that are so fluffy and good and their sausage patties that are done just right.The portions are very large so you will never leave here hungry.The atmosphere is laid back with a kind of quaintness about it.The only bad thing is the wait on the weekends, but if you plan ahead and get in line before you're totally starving it's SO worth the wait.
5	We have been eating here for over 4 years and love this place.  It has become our breakfast and weekend place of choice.  Nothing like having a cup of coffee and a great breakfast with your family or friends.  We have gotten to know all of the servers very well and love seeing them.  We have been to all of the supposed hot breakfast joints in phoenix, scottsdale, chandler, tempe, and gilbert.  Living in the east valley there are a few decent places and in the entire Phoenix area there are some good to very good choices.  However, if you want a great down home breakfast, servers that are attentive, and a first rate chef/cook that has a great palate and creative omelettes then go here.  The lunch items are great too.  My wife eats various things but I am a breakfast person.  The cinnamon roll is awesome.  I also love the blueberry wheat pancakes.  Get some eggs with bacon or link sausage, good stuff.  They also have sausage gravy and chipped beef gravy.  Hard to find and tasty.  My wife loves the chicken pot pie and the skillet fried chicken.  It's very reasonable and you'll love it.
4	Great place, delicious breakfast, relatively cheap. Sad that they don't use real maple syrup, but their cinnamon buns are amazing and their scrambles are top-notch.
3	The food here is excellent, there is no question.  The restaurant is small and the wait times are typically excessive.  The only place to wait is outside and with breakfast being their busiest time, the building facing east (with little shade) and being on a Gilbert Rd the wait ends up ruining the experience in my opinion.
3	1st visit.Very small interior, noisy.The floor moves when you walk on it.While seated you get a small earthquake every time someone walks by.The place is clean and quaintly appointed. Fitting for an eatery called The Farmhouse. We arrived at a fortunate time and had no wait for seating.The prices are very reasonable and the portions good sized. The biscuits and gravy were quite tasty. I preferred these biscuits to the ones next door.The remainder of the food was basic and adequate. Nothing spectacular, but better than Denny's or Ihop. I wish they had another choice of potato as the sliced home-style spuds were rather dry and tasteless. Not bad, mind you - just blah.I would be willing to try them again. Perhaps other dishes would be more engaging.
5	Amazing! The biscuits and gravy are out of this world.. I love biscuits and gravy and this is a place I will go back to over and over again! The staff is friendly the place is very quaint and I will continue to patronize this restaurant for years to come!
4	I've been to The Farmhouse Restaurant many times but seems like it's always on Wednesday for lunch. Which fortunately for me the special is Skillet Fried Chicken with mashed potatoes, gravy, a in house made roll and their homemade cole slaw. This meal is as close to homemade as possible from a restaurant.But no matter what meal time it is I'd feel confident to order anything on the menu. Someday I'm going to have to stop in for breakfast.
5	Housed in an old storefront along Gilbert Road near the watertower, the Farmhouse delivers the best breakfast for miles around. The cinnamon bun - WOW. Best ever. The green chile chicken omelot is stunningly tasty. The all veg omelot - wonderful. The OJ is fresh squeezed, the coffee is excellent and the link sausages are like Mom used to make long ago. A classic place for breakfast and worth the drive to Gilbert - highly recommended and the BEST place for breakfast in the Valley. / We're still looking for a better place and haven't found it in Arizona.
4	A quaint place located in the heritage district in Gilbert.  If you are lucky, you can get right in and get a table.  The staff is very pleasant and the food is actually really good.  I always get a scramble and a cup of coffee.  A scramble is basically an omelet that was smarter then the cook and kind of exploded everywhere.  Customize one to your liking and you will be happy.  The restaurant can be very crowded sometimes... but can't blame them... you Arizonans are slow eaters.  Remember, always eat locally.
5	We showed up after finding this place on Yelp in the morning at our hotel room. It looked highly rated so we figured we would give it a shot. We were here on a Monday at about 10:30 am. It's easy to find in the "historical" area of Gilbert. It wasn't too busy at all luckily.We ordered pancakes, eggs, bacon and a cinnamon roll (apparently this is a must have?). The roll was RIGHT out of the oven and the icing poured out of it. It was easily the best one I have ever eaten or could have dreamed to eat. The pancakes were the size of a human adult HEAD. There was little chance we could eat 2 of them. The eggs were delicious (I like mine poached and no one makes them right) I put them on my toast as I usually do and I was shocked at how good it was. I've eaten poached eggs on toast my entire life but somehow the sourdough and the eggs just SANG in my mouth. Our waitress was a super friendly girl who really had a sincere interest in talking to us which is a departure from Southern California where all service staff do is ask if you want more diet coke. Maybe it is because her family is from the midwest, or perhaps it is because Gilertians are just friendlier. If you enjoy breakfast and you enjoy cute little restaurants you will like this place.I almost forgot that we got the home fries. These things are wicked good. I can't really tell you how good they are because you're going to need to just try them on your own. Some crispy, some soft just the way I like it.
5	Very small, very popular breakfast spot in historic Gilbert. They feature quite the variety of omelets (which can also be done as scrambled eggs) and an option to create your own combination. The omelets are huge and fluffy, home fries are perfectly spiced and not greasy, and the whole wheat French bread is an interesting touch (think wheat Texas toast).The coffee was very good as well.Service was quick after the short wait to get in. The food was fresh and fast, and even though others were waiting to get in, we weren't rushed out the door. We didn't linger, but we didn't feel unwelcomed to stay, either.Quaint atmosphere, excellent food, outstanding service, and reasonable prices. Only downside I can see is the poor availability of parking, but that's not the fault of the restaurant.We'll be back next time we're in the East Valley around breakfast time.
5	Love, LOve, LOVE this place.  I have followed the Farmhouse from one location to the present.  I have never had a bad meal there.  GREAT place for lunch...BETTER place for breakfast.Service has always been very good.The restaurant is small, so sometimes have to wait..but is well worth it.
5	First off, I have to admit, I'm not the biggest fan of breakfast food...but this place could change my mind.  When we walked up, there were a bunch of people outside, we thought the wait would be forever, but it actually went rather quickly.  Once inside, its very simple, I liked that...after, its supposed to be an old farmhouse.  My wife had an omelet which she said was very good.  We split the bread basket, the cinnamon roll was very good, the biscuits were amazing, and I probably would have enjoyed the muffin more if it we rent for the poppy seeds.  I also ordered a side of biscuits and gravy.  Again, the biscuits, very tasty...I got the chipped beef gravy, good, I think next time I will order the sausage, but the gravy itself was so good, it didn't need any meat at all.  Our waitress was great, very friendly.
4	I've lived nearby in Gilbert for a few years, but I have only been to the FarmHouse for breakfast. Every time I have gone, I've never been disappointed. I like the country homestyle cooking and theme of the restaurant - complete with wooden floors and good cooking. I order the biscuits and gravy, sunnyside up eggs and bacon and orange juice. Best I've ever tasted and it sure keeps me coming back for more. Family members all order different things and it always keeps them happy and craving it every morning until we all go out for breakfast!The wait can be long, but it's always proven to be worth it to me. They will seat only groups with all the members there for quicker service to other groups, and sitting under the misters on benches in a shaded area makes waiting easier.
5	I don't usually go out for breakfast (would rather sleep in if I have the choice) but hubby and I met his mother here for breakfast last week, and I was glad I got out of bed for it.Arrived at about 9:30am and got a table right away.  Service was quick and friendly.I ordered an omelet with green onions, green chili, salsa and cheese.  It was quite tasty but it almost had TOO much stuff in it!  Really - it had so much chili, salsa, etc, that I barely tasted the egg!  Plus for some, negative for others perhaps?  I liked it but also wouldn't have minded a little less "stuff" in the omelet.Hubby and mother-in-law both loved their food.  We all shared a cinnamon roll and OH-MY-GOSH was it delicious!  I pretty much let them have a taste then devoured the rest of it myself.  If you go here, you MUST get the cinnamon roll.  The cream cheese frosting is unbelievable.  All in all I can't wait to go back here.  I will likely try a different omelet next time and I will DEFINITELY order the cinnamon roll again.  My mouth is watering already...
4	The Farmhouse is a good place for breakfast. It's not a transcendent experience in bacon and pancakes, but you could do a lot worse. The menu is pretty much what you'd expect, and everything we had was pretty good. Honestly, though, I had a better breakfast next door, at the Liberty Market.
4	I love the mom and pop feel of this restaurant. The food is really yummy and if it weren't for those weekend morning long lines, I would be there more often.
5	Unquestionably THE best breakfast in the east valley. Even trumps our other favorite breakfast places like The Breakfast Club and more.Family run and operated for over 20 years! HOMESYLE cooking, FRIENDLY staff, LARGE portions, REASONABLE prices and sometheing for everyone's taste.While we usually go for breakfast, we've also had exceptional lunches here.Prepare to wait on weekends... it's well worth the time and SIGNIFICANTLY better than the restaurant next door or across the street.
5	We love this place.  Great food, great service (although we try to avoid the old server, as she's a grump) I would eat here every day if I could.  Yum.  Be prepared to wait a long time most of the time, as everyone else seems to love it too.
4	I've driven past this place more times than I can count. For the most part, I'm not big on breakfast. I like it, but its an occasional thing. We decided to go out for breakfast this morning and I thought we should give this place a shot.Good call! This place is great. Its a little small and there is a little bit of a wait but the food and service were on point!The wife orders coffee, an egg white omelet with ham, bacon, jalapeno and cheese. It comes with potatoes and toast and looks amazing!I go for a glass of OJ and their breakfast special: a green chile and pork omelet. They served it with potatoes and a fresh, warm tortillas. Think New Mexico mornings!!! AWESOME!!!All in all a great place. We'll definitely go again.
2	Small town feel, but too cramped. I swear my scrambled "thing" had one egg, and way too much cheese. Not in any rush to go back, though the service was ok and the ambiance was still nice.
3	Checked out The Farmhouse over the LDW for breakfast with my family. The wait was okay although it was hot, but the mist sprays they have outside kept things cool. The pancakes are HUGE and fluffy. Everyone seemed to enjoy their meals and thought they were okay, nothing special. The total cost for four breakfast plates, a carafe of apple juice, and two coffees was a little over $40. Honestly, I don't know if I would wait to eat here again, especially if it is 105 degrees outside.
5	Pretty much my favorite place for breakfast in AZ. I always get the #10 omelet (bacon, potato, green onion, sour cream, and cheese) with no potato add avocado. Sooooo gooooood. This is one of the few places I order omelets because they are really good. The omelets are always light and fluffy, their home fries are really good and different from any others I have had, and their toast is amazing. They toast a french wheat baquette which takes toast to a whole other level! The husband usually gets the green chili pork omelet which is a special on the weekends. He absolutely loves it and I will admit that it is pretty dam tasty! Other things we have tried: cinnamon roll was huge and lovely, chicken fried steak and eggs which is a special on the weekend, and biscuits and gravy which is huge and the gravy definately taste homeade. The prices are good and the service is always good with a really friendly staff. I never have to wait for my drink to be refilled and the food comes out pretty quick. The only thing you will be waiting for is a table. Unfortunately, this place has a huge following of people that love it but the restaurant itself is tiny. Ive seen master bedrooms larger than this place!!! Expect to wait at least a half hour if you come here during normal breakfast hours. Ive noticed if you sleep a little later though and come around 11:30 or 12, its not nearly as crowded. Also, this place does not have indoor waiting. You put your name on a list outside and you wait outside. There is shade but during the summer months, it obviously gets hot. So be prepared for that. If you can handle the wait, you will definately agree that this place is the best little diner for breakfast in AZ!
4	Been wanting to try this place out for some time and finally had the opportunity today.  I didn't expect much of a crowd on a Friday morning, however when we pulled in I was shocked to see about 10 people waiting outside.  Typical for a weekend morning breakfast joint.....but a weekday?  This place must be good.  Suprisingly, the wait was short...they obviously know how to handle a crowd at this place.  Once inside, I was impressed.  Pretty small, but we had plenty of room in our booth.  I ordered the eggs and sausage, which came with toast and potatoes. The food came out quick.  The thing that really set it apart was the meat.... this was no Jimmy Dean.  It was worthy of Abe Frohman, Sausage King of Chicago.  Needless to say, I'm looking forward to going back and trying some more items on the menu.
4	The green chili  pulled pork omelet  was delightfully good.  The coffee was great, and so is the decor.  The cream chipped beef and biscuits are also pretty fantastic.
5	Light and fluffy biscuits, 'nuff said.
3	The food and coffee are both good.  Most other places nearby have good food, but bad coffee.  Or they have good coffee, but bad food.  The wait for a table here is long.  Waiting area is on a busy street with nothing to prevent children from accidentally walking right out into traffic.
5	I love good waitresses, and The Farmhouse has the best I've ever seen. Our group of six had special orders...the waitresses even brought our babies food a full 10 minutes before ours, a thoughtful gesture indeed. Food is amazing, I guess you can't give a better compliment than that. Bring an extra artery or two, you'll need it :)
4	This place is pretty good. They generally have a wait, but it is worth it. The scrambles are good here and very large, but not as good as the restaurant next door. The one thing that is really delicious here is the biscuits with chipped beef gravy. I've never seen this served anywhere else and it is amazing. It is so tasty, I could put that gravy on anything (though that may cause me a delicious gravy heart attack). If for nothing else, I would come here for that.
5	We've been fans of this mother and daughter operation for many years now. The Farmhouse is one of our favorite spots. The biscuits and gravy are the best we've had. The cinnamon rolls are a favorite, too. Chicken and dumplings on the Monday special is delicious. I have a friend who can't resist the meat loaf. When I feel like salad, the Cobb can't be beat. The friendly staff is great, too. Check it out!  There can be a wait sometimes. If you see people out front, just put your name on the list by the front door. Sometimes we'll drive by first to see what the wait is like. If it's non-existent or short, we'll stop. They're only open for breakfast and lunch.
5	My cousin said I needed to try this local place..boy was it good.  The spinach in my omelet was so fresh.  My brother and biscuits and gravy and it was very good..diff than Bob Evans sausauge gravy..tasted really fresh and like there was sage in it.  The home fries were not too greasy just perfect. Portions are so big we got to eat breakfast again later!  This place is really really small go early and if there is a wait make sure you sign your name outside the front door and take a seat and take in downtown Gilbert.
5	It's been a while since I've had a good breakfast sandwich (NYC and London were the last places) so to discover The Farmhouse Restaurant in downtown Gilbert is great news for my weekend mornings. Yes you have to wait at the weekend, but believe me it's SO worth it. I like the breakfast at Liberty Market and a few Good Eggs around the valley but this place beats them all. P.S If you love bacon you will be VERY happy!
5	My family and I stopped by on a whim just 30 minutes before they closed on a Friday. We were fortunate to be able to come right in and sit down, at least I think so after always seeing an enormous line as we drove past! They have the BEST french toast, it's nothing extravagant and is very simple but absolutely perfect. My husband really enjoyed his breakfast sandwich and our daughter loved sharing with both of us. The home fries here are to die for! The atmosphere is so cozy and homey, there aren't many tables but that's one of my favorite things about it. I still think about that french toast and I can't wait to go back!
4	Definitely one of the best breakfast places in town, as evidenced by the long lines outside. The place next door, liberty market is good too, but the Farmhouse is worth the wait if youre craving breakfast. The decor inside is very rustic and comfy. We split an omelet and pancakes. I also ordered a side of bacon! The portions were huge! We could barely finish our food! Everything tasted soo good, I was especially pleased with the bacon! It was perfectly thick and crispy!
5	The ONLY place in the valley where I'm actually willing to wait more than 25 minutes for breakfast, and that includes Mat's and Over Easy.  This place has heaping, savory excellence on every plate.  I've tried a lot of dishes here, but there's none like the pork omelet on the "Specials" board.  Diet conscious should bring a family of 4 to share a single plate with (5 if you want to share a cinnamon bun after the meal ;) ). Everything I've had here has been simply down-home, Incredibly delicious!  The service is friendly, fast and expert at handling the massive turnover. The whole family LOVES this place.
3	For my 100th review, I selected the restaurant that had been on my bookmark list the longest, The Farmhouse, and decided to give it a try and write a review. I don't even remember who originally recommended it to me or why I have had it on my list since 2009 but it had been a while since my husband and I had tried anywhere new for breakfast so we were both looking forward to the experience. After reading the Yelp reviews of the long wait times, we did our best to get there early but it is a bit of a drive for us so I think it was actually close to 9am by the time we got our names on the list. I was dismayed by the number of people outside waiting in the hot sun but they went thru the names pretty quickly (helped along by the fact that more than one group had apparently given up and gone elsewhere) so we got seated in about 15 minutes. Not too bad for prime breakfast-eating time on a Saturday morning. We both ordered coffee which we agreed was really good. I got a muffin to hold me over which was definitely homemade but had obviously been reheated in a microwave which is a pet peeve of mine (I don't want to burn the roof of my mouth on a muffin unless it is fresh from the oven). I really liked the fact that every omelet on their long list could also be ordered as a scramble. I got the one with the salsa since I like a spicy breakfast and they were nice enough to substitute a cup of fruit for the toast. My hubby got his favorite breakfast, steak and eggs. When our food came we both agreed that it was good but bland. My egg dish was tasty but not spicy in the least and his steak was prepared to his specifications but he said it tasted like it had no seasoning on it whatsoever. The potatoes were the same, cooked well but I had to drown them in ketchup since they were so devoid of flavor. We both thought the service was great and liked the atmosphere of the place. The decor is very shabby chic. Our waitress was super friendly. She never neglected our coffee or water glasses but we also did not feel rushed. When she first brought out my plate without the fruit, she noticed the mistake before I even had to point it out and had it corrected within seconds. I do agree with other reviewers that the portion sizes are way too large - I ate less than half my food so I do think they could give you less and hopefully charge less and I'd be happier. We ended up going to the farmer's market next door afterwards and so we had a very nice morning in downtown Gilbert.  But overall, I would not really classify this as a destination restaurant. I think if it was closer to us we would definitely be back but it really just isn't worth the drive for such boring food.  We both enjoyed the meal but you can basically get the same thing at the Good Egg down the street.
5	This place has amazing breakfast, good coffee, and delicous orange juice! I have only been here twice and im hooked. Inside the decor is old school like 1800s old. It still has some of the original structure built into the roof and high parts of the ceiling walls. For the quailty and quanity of food and service, the price is spot on perfect.
3	Sooo.....Their scrambles are pretty damn good. But since i live about 15 minutes away because of Arizonas million stop lights getting in the way of getting anywhere i refuse to go out of my way to gilbert unless i am off and a friend is willing to come with.  I personally love Crackers and Co so much more but i need to go to the farmhouse more before i really lay it out that i do not see a point in driving in that direction from chandler.  I also tried their cinnamon roll which was A-OK. Not the most amazing pastry i have ever had in my life but it was Okay.  As much as i love eggs and scrambles  you would think this place would get 5 stars but i just love my crispy potatoes and eggs and meats at Crackers and Co SO much more. From what i can remember of the farmhouse with my very very late review i just don't remember The farmhouse blowing my mind. =\As far as service goes they did an Okay job as well. Nothing stellar or over the top just your average every day get in get out kinda service.  The place itself seemed extremely cramped or small in space to walk without having to move aside or sit and wait for people to pass by to get anywhere. meh.Oh well...Until next time Farmhouse...You are Okay in my book.=[
2	Nice atmosphere outside, inside was very crowded. The food was missing something and the hot drinks were served cold. Liberty Market is a much better bet for brunch.
4	The best word to describe this place is COZY. This restaurant isn't for pretentious people. It was much smaller than I expected it to be, it had such a welcoming country kitchen nook feel. I tried one of their scrambles and boy was it tasty, it came with a wheat baguette and country potatoes. It was a lot of food, I could only finish half. The prices were good too, cheaper than its neighbor Liberty Market.  The staff was very friendly and attentive, I came on a late Saturday afternoon (1:30pm is late for them because they close at 2pm) and there was no wait. I even ordered an cinnamon roll to-go and hands down it was one of the best cinnamon rolls I've ever tasted. I will be back here for certain.
5	Everything tastes soooo good and comes in very generous proportions.. good for small groups. not alot of seating. long lines on saturday and sunday morning.
5	My favorite place for a cup of coffee and cinnamon roll
5	My favorite breakfast joint in AZ. I always come here when I am in town visiting. Get here early cause this place is always busy. Although I never get their lunch items, I hear they are just as good. I am a sucker for breakfast so I always order it, no matter what time of day. Their special board always has something good on it but my favorites are their Omelettes and their cinnamon rolls. The French Toast is great too. The staff is always so nice and the prices are great. I love this place.
4	Amazing breakfast place!  Everything is always so fresh and tastes great!  TINY place and usually has a wait but it is well worth it.  The wait usually isn't too long either.  I would have to say one of the best breakfast joints I've found in the valley in 9 years living here!
4	Tried this place for the first time today and it was wonderful!  Small place, busy, but the wait wasn't long at all.  We got there around 11:30 on a Sunday and only waited about 5 minutes. I ordered Oatmeal and fruit and my husband got a Denver Omelette..... all very delicious!  Serving size is big too!  Well worth it and the prices are great! Our bill was $21 for all that food and we each got juice.
3	I was very excited to try this restaurant out.  After waiting about 20 minutes, outside in the heat, we were finally seated.  Service was very good and the restaurant has a feel of a hometown restaurant joint.  I am a huge fan of country fired steak and eggs, so was happy to see that it was the special.  When the food came out, it was a huge portion.  Enough for leftovers.  The biscuits sat on-top of the setak and was smothered in gravy.  A great start.  But nothing on the plate blew me away.  The biscuits were quite dry.  The steak was good, but was a little too thick for my liking.  The breading was also not my favorite.  I like a crispier breading.  Overall, this restaurant was ok, but probably will not return.  Maybe if I am out in Gilbert, but other than that its not worth my drive.
3	I have to say my experience there was just "eh."  I was craving breakfast food and was looking forward to trying this place out.  It looks super cute from the outside and there is ALWAYS a huge line/wait outside so I thought for sure it would be good.  I ordered blueberry pancakes and a side of eggs.  I'm not a huge breakfast fanatic but I would think pancakes would be hard to mess up.  They were really dense and not light and fluffy, I could hardly eat them.  The other people I was with enjoyed their food and we actually did really love the yummy cinnamon roll we all shared (it's what they're "famous" for).  The server forgot to bring out one of the side items we ordered, so we never even got that part of our order but then it showed up on our bill.  I would probably not go back to this place, next time I'm trying Liberty Market which is literally right next door.
5	Awesome breakfast best in Phoenix!!! I can't say one bad thing about it!!! Great food great people!! A must try!!
5	Great home-cooked style breakfast/lunch diner.I LOVE the pancakes and syrup here! I have eaten them so many times. I think they are just from Krusteaz mix, but I can't make them at home like they do. Not even close.Their omletes are big and tasty, stuffed with great ingredients of your choice.Most of the dishes are hearty and tasty. Nothing fancy, but definitely WAY better than I dare say IHOP or Denny's? Ya, it's not even a comparison.I'm not a fan of the much celebrated cinnamon roll. It tasted a bit sour and bland to be honest.Most of the staff are friendly, though usually busy.
5	This place is one of my favorites for breakfast.  They are always busy though, and the dining room is small, so be prepared to wait outside for a table.  Not a big deal unless you're pressed for time or its summer.The service is friendly and fast, and I've been recognized by the servers even after not being in for many months... and they wanted to know where we'd been! :)I usually get some kind of scramble/omelet and have never been disappointed.  Potatoes and toast are delicious, too! When I bring my daughter, they make her a Mickey Mouse shaped pancake and she loves it. I've been wanting to try the cinnamon roll for a long time, but I'm always too stuffed by the end of breakfast to order it. Bring your appetite and you won't be disappointed here!
5	Best Breakfast in Gilbert by a landslide!
5	Chili cheese omelet is THE BEST!!
3	I am always so excited to eat at the Farmhouse.  I enjoyed my roast beef sandwich, and LOVED my coleslaw.  The service was so bad that my mother and I felt so uncomfortable being there.  we got there at 1:30 and knew that they closed at 2 so we were trying to be polite and order fast. Everything we asked for we would get an eye roll and an obvious "hurry up" look.  If you don't want to serve anyone at 1:30 then quit serving people and we were not the only people the there.  I gave it 3 stars because I loved my food, but probably won't be going back.
5	I've only been here a couple of times, but it's not because I don't love it, it's because there is always a line and I don't feel like waiting!! This place is a classic  "small town" diner with a classic look and classic food. The portions are huge. The staff is friendly. The space is confined.If you can get a table before you gnaw your own arm off, you won't regret coming here. I wish they had more diners like this around the Valley. I could eat here everyday if I had to...and I wasn't afraid of weighing 700lbs.An interesting tidbit - United Airlines has named this little diner one of the top 25 things to do while in Arizona. That's what got me in the door. The experience, feel and food kept me coming back!
4	I live around the corner and there is always a line outside. Solid food, but because the restaurant is small (part of its charm, I suppose) you feel like you are on top of each other. If you're looking to be able to have a conversation during breakfast, I would try somewhere else. If you're more concerned about the food and fast service, then head on over and be prepared to wait a bit
4	This place sits right next to Liberty Market and I've always seen it with a long line for breakfast - I understand why, now.  There are literally less than 20 tables in there and its small and crowded.. makes sense.  It took our party of 5 a while to be seated, but we had no complaints.  Our server gal was outstanding - friendly, genuine, and had a great memory (she took our order PLUS the table next to ours without writing one thing down and got our orders right!).  Their portions were also not disappointing - everyone's plate was full of food and the vegetable scramble (special) was impressive with asparagus and a colorful array of well-cooked vegetables.  My niece and I had Mimosas and they were served in a chilled chalice (sooo tasty).  The atmosphere was nice, service was excellent and the food was both tasty and plentiful - the wait was worth it!
4	Love the food.  Very nicely prepared.  Love the atmosphere.  Very dependable.
5	My favorite place to go for breakfast. Fast, delicious, and cozy. Best cinnamon rolls around!
4	Good food at reasonable prices.The spinach and mushroom omelet was very good.Comes with home fries and choice of toast.My wife had a Belgium waffle with strawberries. Very small restaurant but the earlier you go for breakfast the shorter the wait.
4	Best spot in Gilbert for breakfast but you will have to wait a while.  This is a small charming little restaurant with really great staff.  The food is always fresh and delicious, they make really good breakfast potatoes. Again, be prepared for the wait.
5	We have been going here for years! Love the breakfast Burros!!!  Awesome food, and great service.
2	I don't know what all the fuss is about - the wait is long, the space is cramped and the food was just okay. I had an omlete with veggies which was good, the hubby had the special chicken fried steak with biscutis and gravy which he said was awful and my girls had pancakes with sausage and bacon. The pancakes were average but the bacon was cooked almost to the point of being charcoal - which I guess is how they cook bacon there - but it was awful and they really should let people know that this is their bacon cooking method.The Gilbert House Restaurant up the road is WAY better - tight space and all. We have been making the rounds to try all of the local breakfast joints but we won't be making a repeat appearance here.
2	What can I say but "Meh". A friend and I shared the special omelet of the day which had jalapenos, corn, black beans, avocado, green chile, bacon and cheese in it.  It was huge and more than enough to share.  But it wasn't particularly tasty.  The bacon was overcooked and greasy, and I actually like my bacon very well done!  The jalapenos either weren't in it or had no taste and the green chile was bland. That baby should have had a huge scoop of fresh pico de gallo to accompany it to give it some flavor! The breakfast potatoes were almost burnt and tasted like they had been cooked in old grease that remained behind to coat them!  The wheat toast was actually a soft long wheat roll, cut in half and toasted -- not tasty at all and I don't want "soft" toast!  The coffee was good and the service was attentive.  Based on the quality of that meal, I wouldn't go back .. I'd eat next door at Liberty Market instead!
1	My mom and I decided to go here because she has always wanted to go there. So we go there there are 2 open tables. We wait about 15 minutes and no server ever acknowledged that we were there. Very rude people. We just got stared down by everyone and the servers. They wouldn't even look at us or anything. Very small place and very annoying place. We left and went to ihop and was greeted right away there. We will never try to go to farmers market again it was a waste of time.
5	Some people on here are WAAAAYY to critical..  If you want a great breakfast and don't mind a wait for good food, EAT HERE!  This place has been in Gilbert (was in an actual farmhouse before, hence the name) for over 15 years and is still awesome.  Quit being to critical foodies and eat!!
3	My wife and I went to The Farmhouse Restaurant this morning.  I had some kind of egg scramble with:  asparagus, spinach, sundried tomato, and cheese.  It was pretty good.My wife had a belgian waffle with fruit.  This is a good breakfast place.  It reminds me of a place in Chicago (Logan Square area) where I am originally from called Lula's.  The food was good for breakfast.
3	Went around 1pm on a Saturday for lunch and was surprised to find nobody waiting beforehand. The restaurant was half empty when we were seated and waitresses were kind enough to check up on us the minute we sat down. I ordered the Asian Chicken Salad which was over seasoned with a special thai seasoning. With the dressing on the side, the salad tasted like pure sodium. It was not my favorite dish. But the omelet my lunch date ordered was decently sized and seemed to please him quite well. The cinnamon roll we ordered came out later than our meals due to our waitress' confusion. She apparently had problems with the frosting machine cause the entire plate was drenched in it. Some may have found this welcoming but it was quite disappointing to see one of my top five indulgences be presented so poorly ... haha but taste wise, it was pretty enjoyable...although a little too sweet due to the unnecessary amount of frosting. Overall, cute restaurant. Family friendly.
4	I've been to this part of Gilbert before to eat at other restaurants in the area, but finally made it to the Farmhouse this morning for brunch.  I've been meaning to come here for some time, but seem to make it after its closed!My friend and I pulled up for a very late breakfast, and the place was hopping. Its located immediately next door to Liberty market, and there was a line outside waiting to get in.  The place is small, so there's no waiting inside.  Also, when we got here, I found out from another customer that we had to put our own names on the waiting list! I don't mind waiting, but had no clue that we had to sign our own names!  Anyways, it was only about a 20 minute wait or so, but we were starting to get hot, so we finally got a seat in the shade near the misters once the crowd started to thin out.Inside, the place is small, but the seating seems fair.  No hanging out in the aisles, or else you block the servers!  Despite being crazy busy, we were waited on almost immediately.  No problems there.  Service was quick and efficient, and at one point I think we counted 7 servers!  Menu is full of selection, a little bit of everything.  I went with the #19 omelette, which was loaded full of veggies and cheese. Spinach, cheese, tomatos, etc. It came with some tasty hash browns and two huge slices of toast! My friend with the big john (I think, I can't remember) and he loved it! He also got the chocolate milk and it looked really good.Anyways, I would love to return as the food was really good and service seemed to be top notch.  The only sucky thing is really waiting outside.  Go here if you can. Seems to be a really original type place.
4	Been going to the Farmhouse since it was in the old location when I'd visit. Since moving here in 1998 it has been a regular up until the last couple of years. Food is okay but has lost consistency.. sometimes good, sometime meh!!! Prices have gotten way too high for what you get in my opinion. Staff used to be friendly but now they just all seem to have attitudes, don't care if you wait in the heat.. just not the same ol' Farmhouse.
4	This place is outstanding.  When you show up there will almost certainly be a line.  But it's worth the wait.  They take the most boring meal of the day (breakfast) and make it exciting.  I had the green chile pork omelet.  The flavors were bold.  It was wonderful.And I don't really like breakfast.The others in our party enjoyed their food also.The portions are generous, and the prices reasonable.  I will almost certainly be back!
4	Friendly service, good food, tasty coffee, nice and cozy envoirnment
5	I can never get enough farmhouse.. everything is to die for. Their scrambles are amazing, wonderful biscuits and gravy and home fries you'll sell secrets for.. try the papa stack sandwich! Oh la la.. the service is always pleasurable and the atmosphere is nice, clean, tidy AND homey...I would eat here daily if given the chance..
4	Great little place. Solid food. Really nice atmosphere. Wait staff was friendly and accommodating. After traveling all morning across the country I was happy to find this place just a couple of minutes from my hotel. I was craving a breakfast or brunch and this place was a nice alternative to a chain. Liked it so much I finally signed up for a yelp account and wrote this review while still sitting at the farmhouse counter.
5	Huge portions. Cheap. Good. Go! Now!
4	One of the best truly local breakfast restaurants I have been to. The belgian waffle was very good as was the chorizo green chili omelette.  Be sure to go early if you want breakfast as the place is very small.  Not sure I would wait outside like most, but I will be back, early in the AM to insure a good seat and some of there yummy food!
2	I'll start with the good.  Their coleslaw is fantastic, crisp and sweet and light with little bits of broccoli in it.  Now for the rest.  I went with two friends and my two children, one of which uses a high chair.  We walked in on a Monday afternoon and the place was about half full.  A waitress motioned from the back for us to sit at a round table so we did, picking up our own menus on the way.  And then we sat.  And sat.  My son squirmed around on my lap but I had nowhere to put him.  I watched two different waitresses walk by us repeatedly, even cleaning tables but not making eye contact. I finally flagged one down and she came over and said, "You've been helped right?"  We said no and she turned around and left.  A few minutes later a different waitress comes up, tells us we want coffee and seems put out when we ask for something else and sighs when I say I need a high chair.  5 more minutes go by and we get half the drinks.  Then a few minutes later the rest.  I can put up with lackluster service as long as the food is good and I had heard great things about this place so I held on to my patience.  I ordered the Long John with mushrooms.  Well, I can tell you that if I ever run out of hockey pucks for my local team, I know where to go.  It was almost inedible.  Dry, tough overcooked ground beef patty with a smattering of tasteless mushrooms topped with half melted cheese.  I actually asked for a side of ranch so I could dip it in that to make it moist enough to eat.  The waitress never asked how the food was, and we never saw her again after she ran my credit card.  I hope that this was just an off day but really the second star is only because of the coleslaw.  I will probably try it again if someone else wants to go, but overall not a winner in my book.
5	Five stars for the breakfast skillets. The one with bacon/sausage/eggs is delicious and the best of its kind that I've had anywhere.The place is in one of the oldest buildings in downtown Gilbert, with adobe walls that lean 5-10 degrees but have not fallen down.
5	Any chance I get, I come here on Wednesday and Friday  for the fantastic chicken specials. Great service and the best food. Yet to be disappointed.
5	One of my favorites. Downside, usually a wait but not too long and worth it! It's like eating at grandmas for breakfast, (if she is a good cook), always enjoyed the food staff is very friendly and polite. Prices are extremely reasonable. Their coffee is great too! I love this place!
3	I have been here 2 or 3 times and it has pretty good breakfast and lunch food.  The place always has a long line waiting outside and I just don't get why.  Its good but not good enough to wait 30 minutes for when there are so many other options that are just as good within walking distance.  I guess I just don't get why so many people wait so long for it.
5	The very best breakfast in town. VERY big portion and the atmosphere is great, farmhouse kitchen table. Five stars for every aspect of my first trip there. I promise you will not regret it. If you go on the weekend you will wait in line to get in, but they have a patio that you might get in faster if you are willing to sit outside. When you write your name on the list put next to is Patio and you will get seated faster.
5	Fantastic. Loved every part of my meal, huge portions, great drinks, and fairly priced. Its become the new place I like to show friends that visit from out of town. The biggest turn off about this restaurant in the past is the huge line I always see when I drive by but I went on a Sunday morning and there wasn't even a wait. Just have to pick the right days I guess.
5	Best place for breakfast in the EV.  Always great service and the food is fresh and flavorful. I could do with out the wait especially since its on a busy road and you standing on the sidewalk lol. However I highly recommend the farmhouse and worth the wait. LOVE IT LOL.
5	If you are looking for a homestyle breakfast, come to this place! It's sooo good! They have super delicious grape juice!
2	Breakfast chow was okay, but the friendly service was tarnished by 1) no menu 2) failure to meet my order and 3) no effort to ask, "How's your breakfast?"PROS: they had egg whites instead of Egg Beaters, which was better than having to do regular eggs; turkey sausage was also available, but the flavor was meh; hash browns were very good--crispy outside, soft inside; neat establishment in Old Town Gilbert, w/ high ceilings, wood floors, etc. Staff were friendly, but . . .  CONS:  received a cheerful, "Sit wherever you want!", then waited for a menu. Five minutes passed, and I was offered a beverage. When the drink was delivered, I was asked for my order. Ummm . . . I waived off the menu and placed an ala carte request.  I also asked if they had salsa. The response was a cheerful, "Yes and it's homemade! It's good!"  My plate arrived -- I never saw any salsa . . . nor my waitress for that matter, until it was time to deliver the bill (albeit with a cheerful demeanor, which I did appreciate). My last rant? The 70s music piped into the dining area. I hate Chicago--always have. The follow-on dose of Boston and The Spinners did not improve the ambiance for me . . . The silver lining? The theme from "Shaft" came on as I was about to leave! "He's one bad mutha f-- . . . Shut yo mouth! . . . I'm talkin' 'bout Shaft! . . . We can dig it!" I stayed and listened. Then made a hasty exit as the radio segued to Kansas. YUCK!The Farmhouse is a neat looking place, and the chow is satisfactory, but my service was lacking.  Lastly, the tunes were like fingernails on a chalboard to me (w/ one notable exception).  I think I'll try another establishment next time I am in town.Cheers!RS
5	Great breakfast spot! Cozy and cute!
5	Freaking love this place!!! Excellent breakfast!! LOVE the whole-wheat french bread toast--sooo good! The wait is always long on the weekends, but it's worth it. And cheap prices too! And in the heart of the tiny downtown Gilbert- so cute.
4	No wonder there is a line here on saturdays.....this is only one of the two breakfast places I like in the Phoenix area. Very friendly staff and good service. Inside is small though. Try the two buttermilk pancakes...mmm. bacon is done right....nice and crispy. The eggs seems to be a local item? Very good as well. I think the chicken fried steak could have being better....I suggest switching off the meat for grass fed one....as it will give it more flavor. Definitely coming back.
4	I love the feel of this place. It's tiny and popular so you may have to wait, but I think it's worth it. The service is great and the food is good home style cooking. Try the whole wheat french bread toast with honey on it, it's pure amazingness!
3	Some side items for Breakfast were good but the main items were not very flavorful. It was a bit expensive for what you what received.
5	When I find a good restaurant I don't argue with success. The Farmhouse is my go to breakfast place when I'm in the metro area. I had a mushroom and cheddar cheese omelet(on the money) with some great home fries and rye toast. My wife had  2 eggs with potatoes and rye toast. This place is a great  value for the money. They also sever lunch. Get there mid morning during the week and you'll have no problem getting a table.
1	Zombie-like service, food mediocre. Meh.
2	Average. Just okay for me and nothing to write home about either.  THIRD time trying breakfast here too. Probably go elsewhere next time.
4	This is my favorite breakfast place in the Chandler/Gilbert area.  The atmosphere is very old school, like a breakfast dinner you might expect to see 30 years ago in the south.  Cozy, lots of antiques, and real everything is made on the premises-from scratch- feel.  It may or may not be, but it all tastes like it is!  I'm not a cinnamon roll person, but their cinnamon rolls must be had! Soooooo good!  I've never come across another place with cinnamon rolls remotely close to how good their's are.I usually get some kind of vegetarian breakfast scramble.  It's always good, and I can never finish it all.  Their biscuits are awesome!  I recommend subbing out your toast for a biscuit! You can also get free refills of coffee to go in big 24oz cups.  The cups are Styrofoam though.  I hate that. One thing I don't like is that they give you those individual package of smuckers jelly for your toast.  They all have high fructose corn syrup in them.  It seems like the kind of place that would have their own, locally made preserves.  For a weekend breakfast, you have to get there very early, probably when they open, to beat the LONG line that forms.  They have a pad of paper outside that you just sign your name on.  Very efficient!  Usually I get there around 8/ 8:30 and only have a 15/ 20 minute wait.  After that, you may have to wait considerably longer.  Cinnamon roll makes it so worth it!
4	Love this place! Wonderful food, but a little cramped,and always a wait to get in!
4	This spot came highly recommended by a work colleague. Am not much of a breakfast person but we gave it a go anyway. This review is for February 2013.Saturday, round 9'sh, table for two. First time at The Farmhouse.The waitlist was a bit loooong. We waited approximately 35 minutes til we were seated. Once we were seated, our server was MIA for 20 minutes. We were bout to leave when someone finally "checked" on us. The lady apologises for much delayed service. Instead of passing us unto another server, she immediately took our order. She also gave us one of their famous cinni-bun[sp], and apologised one more time before disappearing to the kitchen. Approx 15 mins later, our breakfast was served.We had the pancake with eggs and bacon, and the omelette.Cinni-bun[sp] ... was warm and buttery. Quite rich.Pancake with eggs and bacon ... cooked as I had requested itOmelette ... was a good, but a lil bit much on the cheese. (They did offer to make another one. But we were starving. So we passed on the offer.)Overall, food was quite nice, and reminds me of home cooked american breakfast. :)The service was a bit on the slow side, but that one lady took quite good care of us once she realised we have yet to be assisted. She took our order, and served it as well.If you like hearty American home made breakfast feel ... arrive early at The Farmhouse. They are worth giving a go! ^_^::TO DATE::We have been back several times since February 2013. We still enjoy their grub!
2	Overall I just wasn't super impressed with this place.  I heard good things about it, so I decided to brave the very long wait...which is always present and eat breakfast here.  The food was decent, don't get me wrong, but there was nothing that truly stood out to me and it's quite crowded.   Sorry, but I would rather go to the Gilbert House down the street any day.
5	We have been here a zillion times since my first review a few years ago and love the place more than ever.  The food is always good, tasty, and big portions.  We've gotten to know all of the servers and they are all attentive, warm, and good at what they do.  The place makes you feel at home and comfortable.  It's next door to Liberty Market and I'm always surprised that people walk over to Farmhouse, see there is a 10-15 minute wait, and impatiently just go to Liberty.  Look, I've been to Liberty probably 3 or 4 times and its good but stopped going after there was a nice long hair in the eggs. Farmhouse is a nice small family owned business and the food is great.  I usually either get eggs over medium, half bacon and sausage, fruit, crispy hashbrowns, and coffee OR an omelet with turkey, green onion, tomato, mushrooms, and avocado.  Both awesome.  The French dip is great and the daily specials are all excellent.  We've tried most of the menu and love it all.  The chili is very good also.  As far as desserts, try the cakes they have available week to week.  Check it out.
4	Ive seen the Farmhouse plenty of times, and always wanted to try it, but everytime i drove past the restaurant there were lines out the door, so i just never got around to it but today i decided to try it.First off: the wait was NOT what i expected. i was a bit worried about the wait because it was memorial day and around 9:30am (which is usually the rush hour of breakfast restaurants) the wait was about 5 minutes so i was very surprised.We get inside and it is absolutely adorable! I love how its such a tiny little place that looks so creaky and old and with so much character! We asked for coffee and water, although we only got our coffee.... we got our water maybe 20 minutes later.  The food was exceptional! Absolutely delicious! my only real complaint was that our server COMPLETELY ignored us after bringing us our food. She didnt check up to see if we needed anything or how the food was. We got our check around 20 minutes AFTER we were done eating.Im overall pleased with the Farmhouse. My only complaint is the service. although it didnt bother me too much that our server was completely MIA because i didnt need anything once i got my food, but i can see it as a huge problem for other folks.
4	I think people are overly impressed with the down home, small town feel of this place. That was OK, don't get me wrong, but at the end of the day I'm there to eat. And my salad just wasn't THAT great. My tomato juice was not cold, and my waitress was only SORT of cute. Ha, yes, I'm being sarcastic. But nonetheless the food was decent, not GREAT. I do want to support the fact that this is a locally owned business so I don't want to just give it three stars, but it probably deserved it. I tried the sandwiches my dining mates had and still wasn't overly impressed. The cob salad seemed OK, mine had fruit in it which I'm not a huge fan of. I say if you're older, like to take things slow, and eat breakfast all day, then this is your place.
5	Why did it take me so long to try this place?! Well, it's because there is almost always a line out the door. But now I understand why. The restaurant is tiny, but they can turn tables relatively quickly, and the food is fabulous! The cinnamon roll is to die for! It would be a meal in and of itself for one person. We split it among 3 people which let us share in the deliciousness, but not spoil our appetites as there was much more food to come. I got the ham and cheese scramble, which came with home fries, and I was able to eat almost half of it. Even as leftovers one day later, it was still excellent. They do a cute Mickey Mouse pancake with whipped cream for kids that my daughter thoroughly enjoyed. We took some of that home as well, and as with my food, it was still tasty in its encore show. We will definitely be coming back as we have only scratched the surface of the breakfast menu, and there's a whole lunch menu, too!
4	One of my best breakfasts while visiting Arizona! Big, fluffy biscuits. Waffles were great. They cook bacon perfectly - and that's always a good way to judge a place to eat. I love the atmosphere. Reminds me of a cross between my hometown in New England and a Western Town. Perfect coffee. Friendly service. Just a great place to bring a friend or two and start the day off with a good home-cooked feel meal.
4	Came here for brunch with a friend.  I was practically raised in Gilbert and had no idea this charming little place existed.  Located right in the heart of downtown Gilbert (as if it's that big right?! :P), it is just a few steps away from the water tower and other local favorites.  We went on late morning on a Sunday and had to wait 10-15 min., which gave us time to catch up and chat.I ordered the Spinach, bacon, and cheese omelette with a heaping side of home fries.  The omelette was gigantic and very delicious, filled to the top with spinachy, bacony, and cheesy goodness that I even had to take some of it home!  Overall the atmosphere is very characteristic of Old Town Gilbert: quaint and idyllic with a touch of Western charm.I'll have to stop by again whenever I'm back at home.
1	Quaint looking place, but I don't understand the draw.   Food is okay but nothing special and service was below par.  Now I haven't dined with this business since it moved to this location.  Last time I ate at The Farm House it was a tiny farmhouse alongside the road.Server was kinda slow and really not familiar with the specials cuz "she doesn't usually work on Thursdays".  Whatever.  I mean there are only two (2) specials and Juevos Rancheros can be complicated.Well I will get back to the food...The ambiance is kitschy, simple, and sorta rustic.  The restaurant is small so it is no surprise to see long lines outside this place on a weekend morning.  So I ordered the Juevos Rancheros special and my son ordered the pancakes with eggs and bacon.  We determined we could have had a better breakfast elsewhere. Seriously.  Pancakes seemed to be from a mix and my Juevos Rancheros were nothing more then eggs to order on top of corn tortilla and topped with red enchillada sauce (canned?!) with refries (canned?) and a sliced potato on the side.  Oh my, don't tell my NM, Mexican, Tex -Mex food fans.Now canned isn't such a bad thing if it is done well but this seemed straight from the can.  And on top of the less than mediocre meal a guy in the booth behind me was kicking on my side of the bench, talking loudly on his phone the entire time we were there to his homie about a girl with issues (HIS words).  Prices didn't seem appropriate for food.  Maybe because of the location but certainly not the food.Not coming back.
3	The Farmhouse is conveniently located near Postino, a place where you will often find my car parked overnight after indulging in the board and bottle special. My husband and I decided to try the Farmhouse one morning before retrieving my car. We've lived in Gilbert for 20+ years so we are familiar with all the crowds that gather in front of the Farmhouse, but we've never tried it out.The morning we went was blissfully empty, and our food and coffee arrived quickly. My husband got the biscuits and gravy, per usual, but he wasn't a fan of the oddly sweet gravy. I got the veggie omelette which was tons of broccoli, asparagus, mushrooms and peppers barely held together by slabs of melted cheddar and a few eggs. It was decent, but it could have used more seasoning or more flavorful veggies. I loved the wheat french bread that came on the side. Too bad they used those nasty prepackaged jellies rather than house-made jam. They also use the individual half and half containers which I don't dig. Give me the real stuff!After visiting, I'm surprised that people wait so long for an average breakfast. I'll stick with Liberty for future car-retrieval breakfasts in downtown Gilbert.
1	This restaurant has a sign up sheet outside the front door. It is very easy to keep tabs of our placement on the list. There were several names ahead of us when we signed in. Our family of 5 looked forward to breakfast. After waiting 45 minutes one couple was ahead of us.When the bus boy seated that couple, he also seated a couple who had just arrived, placing them at a large table for 5 or 6 people. It turns out one of the members of the couple was his brother. We complained to the manager about preferential seating of the second couple ahead of us. She would not acknowledge the problem or offer an apology. Instead she made excuses pointing to a previous customer name to cover up their mistake. Either she is clueless or a liar. We left and went to Biscuits and had a great meal. If i could give this restaurant zero stars, I would have. The rudeness was an insult!
5	This place is great!!! Quaint, cozy, food can't be properly described except mouth wateringly good! Neighborhood gem!!!
1	My friend and I went late Saturday morning for omelets. Mine was a huge disappointment. It was obvious that it had been sitting under a heat lamp. They tossed in chopped bacon, folded, heated, and served. It was more of a very dry egg taco. My friend said his omelet was okay. I will say that the coffee was good and the server was friendly. It wasn't worth the 20 minute wait outside in the heat, we won't be returning.
4	Aside from our grumpy waitress who sucked at her job, everyone was friendly and helpful. The cinnamon roll was great, like a homemade Cinnabon. Omelette and scramble pairings were very creative. The toast was weird enough that I'd ask for an alternative next time.
5	Service great. French toast sooooo yummy! Bacon perfectly cooked how I requested, and the bacon is not wimpy! Home fries are seasoned with garlic - SCORE! I really enjoyed this place. The chair was uncomfortable - that would be my only complaint.
5	Amazing food!!  I went for breakfast with my father and a friend and was bowled over by both the portion size (very large) and the flavor (off the charts).  I will definitely go back in the future.  The only down side is that there is almost always a wait outside for seating. We went in the middle of the Arizona summer so this wasn't much of a treat but they do have misters and some seating in the shade so that helped a bit.
2	Eggs where runny. Yolks where raw. Asked for a diet soda as I am diabetic and can't have juice. The waitress never brought my cold drink and thus I had to attempt to wash my hot food down with my hot coffee. I choked profusely. The waitress did her best to avoid our table with having had only 3 visits to our table. Once for drinks then taking our order and last to give us the check. No tip no return for us. Is customer srvc. Dead???
5	So when i go to a breakfast house i base how good it is off their potatoes, and I've got to say The Farm House home fries are my favorite breakfast potatoes.. My new favorite place...
5	Had to wait to get in. Well worth it.Ordered biscuits & gravy. GREAT! Very fluffy biscuits.Everything was greatWisconsin visitor
5	Ordered the veggie omelette with a side of biscuits. Excellent choice. The home style potatoes were delicious. The only downfall was the wait to get in, but at the same time, it was the line that piqued the curiosity. Definitely worth a repeat visit in the future.
1	This could be the worst food I have ever had. The fact that people wait in line for this defines that many people either do not have any taste buds or simply do not care how there food taste. My wife and I both ate one bite out of the meals and that was it!! Unless you are only trying to feel a void this is the last place to come. Sorry farm house, need to work on the food!!
5	Love this place!! Small and cramped and always a wait but worth it. Fresh food, generous portions. Straight forward American breakfast classics. Nothing pretentious about this place. Charming old building and a great breakfast.  i've tried 5 or 6 different breakfasts and have enjoyed every meal.
5	This is hands down my go to breakfast place in the valley. The food, coffee, people and ambiance is just the best! If you're looking for a fantastic breakfast look no further. It is always consistent, hot and oh so delicious! Carrie, Jamie and Nicole will make you feel welcome and are amazing at what they do :)
3	I have wanted to try The Farmhouse for months now, and finally that day came. My oldest daughter said lets go get breakfast I'm hungry, so I took that and ran with it and off to Farmhouse we went!  It was about 9am on Sunday and we got right in, lucky us!Right off the bat I ordered some coffee and it arrived at the table quickly.  And that's about all that did. Yes it was busy for a Sunday, but we sat for a good ten minutes before anyone took our order, but I had seen a couple that was seated well before us who hadn't order yet either. By then my coffee was gone and I saw a server walk by with a pot and I asked for some more.  But never did anyone come by to see if I needed more.  When it was time to place our order I went with the #10, bacon, potato, green onion, sour cream & cheese omelet that came with home fries & whole grain wheat French bread toast (fancy words for wheat toast). But I do have to say, the toast was delish, the bread was so good! I love fresh baked bread.  When the omelet came I was looking for the sour cream, I didn't realize it was inside the thing haha.  I know this might shock some of you on what I'm about to say, but with the omelet having potatoes inside & it coming with home fries; it just was too much potatoes.   The restaurant was steady, service was very slow to nonexistent, gave up on having my water cup refilled or even my coffee. I wanted to love Farmhouse, I waited so long to try them out, but I left unwowed.
5	This place is always good. It doesn't matter what you order, it is delicious! That's why there is always a line to get in. I go here often and would recommend it to anyone.
1	Ordered Mike's veggie sandwich, probably the worst sandwich I've ever had at a restaurant. If you are a vegetarian or vegan I recommend going somewhere else.
4	My boyfriend and I decided to have a late breakfast and decided to come here on a weekday.  On the weekends this place is PACKED so we wanted to see what all the fuss is about.  I have read that service is slow and I can agree it was slowwwww.  We ordered egg scramble, open faced roast beef sandwich, and biscuits and sausage gravy.Egg scramble- packed with the ingredients we ordered but the egg was very overcooked and rubbery.  Instead of home fries we got a pancake.  And I must say best pancake I have every eaten!Open faced roast beef sandwich- Honestly the roast beef was at most average.  Their mashed potatoes and gravy were SO GOOD.  Such fluffy mashed potatoes and perfectly seasoned gravy.  Biscuits and sausage gravy- You know how this dish can always be overwhelming and heavy.. for some reason this was not! The biscuits were so light and fluffy and the sausage gravy was just perfection on top.  Curious to come here again.  Will be back for more southern cooking !
4	Long wait, but worth it!
1	Well, I used to come here all the time, until I came with my kids.  Since they don't have a kids menu, I would of thought that the waitress would split a reg breakfast for my two little ones, since she told me that, she would figure something out for them. She came out with three big size plates, my kids are 3,7.  What bothered me is the check was $47.00, and that ruined my day with them, I couldn't afford to do anything else. I will not be coming back, instead I go to black bear diner now, their prizes are great, and the food I can say is better than the farmhouse.
5	Wonderful cinnamon rolls, bread basket and omelettes. You can't go wrong here for breakfast.
4	This place has EXCELLENT food, with generous helpings!Maybe that's why in the AM it usually has a bit of a line.I've never been disappointed, and the prices are very reasonable.
5	This place was outstanding in terms of food and service.  After breakfast my wife and I shared a cinnamon roll. Hands down it was the best roll of this type we have ever had.  What a great way to top off our breakfast and last cup of coffee.  If in the area you must stop by and enjoy a great dining experience.
5	My husband and I ate here this morning. It was very good. I got the green chile, bacon, tomato and cheese scramble. I got a pancake instead of homefries for my toddler to eat. She looooved it! We also shared a cinnamon roll which was very yummy! The only thing is you have to wait a little bit because the place is tiny. But, I think it is worth the wait. We will be going back there.
3	Every time we drive by, we see a huge line so we tried them for breakfast today.  My boyfriend ordered the ham and cheese omelet, hash browns,  coffee and I got the biscuits and gravy.  I took one bite and didn't like it.  The waitress was really nice and replaced it with another meal at no charge. Oatmeal and toast.  It wasn't fully cooked or hot. I shared off my boyfriend's plate,lol. The food was ok but nothing we could see the fuss over.The service was great.  Drinks were kept refilled, dishes cleared, as needed, check brought w/o having to ask for it.We got there at the perfect time-not busy.  By the time we left, there was over an hour wait so I can't comment on what it's like when they are busy.The menu and prices are typical for this kind of place.  Overall, we won't eat there again but there must be something that we missed on our visit that draws such a huge crowd on a regular basis.
4	The omelets and scramble come in huge portions and everyything is always fresh! I love their lunch menu!!! The cobb salad is delicious :) service is always good too, never had a problem going here.
5	Great food ,service and worth the wait. Staff is awesome and food is high quality and priced right. Best tuna sandwich I have had in a long time. Wish they could take over the space where Liberty Market is. Was in there one day and they prepared a meal for what appeared to be a homeless man. They were generous and kind and treated him with dignity. Very Impressed with the experience.
4	Ordered a Philly cheese steak special they had going,  and it was outstanding.   Home fries were great as well.   We had a little bit of a wait,  but it was totally worth it.   The only reason it doesn't get two stars is for the single person bathroom and the very cramped feel,  since its not a huge building.   I'll be back to try breakfast foods next time I am in AZ.
5	THIS PLACE HAS THE BEST BREAKFAST I HAVE EVER TASTED!!! THANK YOU FARMHOUSE FOR YOUR AWESOME FOOD. :-)So, that was my daughter's review.  But I have to echo her comments.  This place is fantastic! Great service, great atmosphere, and of course great food.  Loved that this place had both breakfast potatoes AND hashbrowns.  I ordered the ham and cheese and hashbrown omelette with hashbrowns on the side.  I like hashbrowns.  My wife and daughter split a wonderful waffle with chocolate chips.  Awesome.  We will definitely be back here again!
5	So many good items the worst part about this place is deciding what to get lol hehe! :-)Remember your appetite ;)
2	After reading the great reviews, we decided to try it for a Saturday midmorning breakfast.  Yes, the line was fairly long but we waited.  Very disappointed!  The omelet was dry and hard, very little flavor.  The sliced breakfast potatoes were overdone and hard.  Biscuits and gravy were ok.  Service was good.  Would not eat there again.  Had a Village Inn breakfast this morning that was tons better.  Guess we need to stick to the chain restaurants.
5	This is likely my fav breakfast in all of AZ! It feels like going to grandmas house for breakfast... Except better, no smell of moth balls. Fav items: Omelets, French toast, biscuits & gravy, cinn roll, OJ..... And the huge drinking cups are killer!!! I wish I owned a few of these. Seriously.... If you enjoy your soda... Just go for the fantastic feel of holding that HUGE drinking cup, it's the coolest cup anywhere!
5	YUM! We love this place! Great, homie atmosphere and the food is made with love!! Their omelets are fluffy an delicious but I crave their home fries. You are always welcomed with a smile!
5	Always my favorite place to go to breakfast on Sunday, there is always a line but the wait is usually short. Can't beat the home style cooking and fast friendly service. Biscuits and gravy just Like my mom made em.
5	If you are going to try this restaurant, be sure and arrive early.  I was there at 10:45 for an early lunch, and it was packed.  Some of the folks were possible left overs from late breakfast, but there was a long waiting line for lunch from the time I sat down.  I had the Thursday special - enchilada plate - made vegetarian style.  I had it "XMAS" - one red, one green enchilada.  Truly some of the best Mexican food I have ever had, and that isn't their specialty!  Service was outstanding.  The restaurant, while small, is very clean and welcoming.  Definitely a must try, especially for breakfast!
3	Every time I've wanted to come here the line is always out the door and I never felt like waiting. Since I had the day off today my sister and I went to go try it out. The restaurant is small and you seat yourself as you walk in. Thankfully there was no wait today so we were able to sit down right away. I got the avocado, tomato and bacon omelet and my sister got the French toast with eggs and bacon. The portion size were generous , food tasted good and the service was good. However I don't think it's the best breakfast I've ever had and I'm a bit disappointed. Since there are always people waiting out the door , I had high hopes and was expecting the food to be amazing.
5	One of the best breakfast spot in Gilbert! This place has it all, the charm, the exceptional service and the delicious food.My son and I stopped in for breakfast last Saturday, waited about 10 minutes to be called after putting our name down. There is no room to wait outside but they have some benches and misters outside (which is greatly appreciated).The service was great, we had a waitress that was efficient, multiple people visited our table, to top off water or remove plates and the food was delivered hot and all at the same time.My son raved about their breakfast sandwich. Sourdough bread, over medium egg, bacon, lettuce and tomato. He also ordered chocolate milk, which was served in an ice cold mug. I had to try it, to report to you that is, and because, well it was served in an ice cold mug and that reminded me of beer. It was delicious.I ordered the home potatoes, a ham steak and some tomatoes. The ham steak was perfect, not too salty and not overcooked.Finally we had a cinnamon roll, and oh my, that was one of the best I have ever had.
2	Another place so overrated that I wonder what kind of taste people must have to rate these so highly. I understand that food is generally subjective, but not so much that you can't differentiate between bad and horrible. I'll help you, this place is bad. The service is so poor I don't know how I didn't eat my paper napkin. It was so slow that I almost walked out. The food is what you'd cook at home if you weren't lazy, but you are so you come here. And pay a hefty price for your laziness. Guilty as charged. Except your food is better because you get it when you want it, not when they remember to put your order in. The waitress didn't write my order down (next time I'm insisting!) and it came out crazy late and without something I'd added. Grrr.By the time I'd finished eating I knew that I'd never be back. And I won't.
4	The wait and line can seem intimidating but I finally went to Farmhouse for Sunday brunch. The wait was 15 min, no big deal. If there's nobody outside,  write your name and party number on the clipboard outside to get your name down on the list. We went inside and the restaurant is so charming but small. Tables get turned quickly. We were seated in a booth and given a menu with one side breakfast and one side lunch. I went with the Belgian waffle and my fiance had the #18 scrambler. Food came out quickly and portions are just right. Food was decent, I thought my fiance's food was better than my waffle. Prices are good, much better than other breakfast options nearby. I would come again.
5	By far the best breakfast I have ever had. I am normally not a breakfast person, but I will wake up early for their chocolate chip pancakes. I brought my father here today and he enjoyed the chicken fried steak and eggs with biscuits and gravy and he said it was the best breakfast he has ever had! The food here is amazing! I love coming here!!
5	This place is one of my new favorites for breakfast. Everything tastes like home cooking and the portions are hearty. I also love the simple decor and friendliness of the staff.Although I've only been here for breakfast, I'm dying to try the rest of the menu. The lunches look like comfort food incarnate! Judging from the meal I've had, I can only imagine that everything coming out of their kitchen is equally good. There is no substitute for fresh, cooked-to-order food that is served with this much love.
5	Excellent service, highest quality ingredients and well prepared with some imagination. Beware, they have no deep fried foods, so no fries with that burger. Mostly breakfast and lunch fare with a cinnamon role that's worth the thirty minute drive to get!
4	I finally made it to The Farmhouse. It's always so busy and I am not very good at waiting. Picked an early weekday morning and set up camp. I sampled a little bit of this and that.  I started with the Spinach,Tomato, Mushroom and Onion omelet. It was as close to perfect as an omelet can be. The veggies were cooked but NOT over cooked like so many places do and you end up with mushy veggies and that's just no good. The egg did not have a single brown mark on it, it was a moist and delicious adventure of flavor.Next up was a side of the ham and bacon. These items had to made from pigs who died happy. I finished off with a side of Biscuits and Gravy and fried potatoes with onion. A+Service- A+.  ( water glasses were filled! friendly smile! etc.)
5	Great food, the wait still sucks so get here early to avoid a long wait in the heat..
1	Don't believe the hype! First, when we walked in, there was no hostess. There was no sign to wait to be seated, and there was no sign that said seat yourself. Immediately as you enter the business, there is not a cash register or waitress greeting table, through the door and you are immediately in the middle of people eating their food. We stood there for a minute...or three and everyone just stared at us like we did something wrong. We looked down and there was a chair next to the entrance with menus. Ohhh, must be seat yourself. We took menus and sat down, at a table which turned out to be dirty with crumbs, and water from old soft drinks. You didnt notice it until you sat. We watched as waitresses finally emerged from the back. They glared angrily and just walked past us. Im sorry, did we do something wrong? Eventually, after seating two tables that walked in, immediately by the way, a lady came over. She apologized, not for not seating us, not for walking past us repeately without helping us, but for the dirty table. We almost walked out, but decided we will give them one last shot. At least the mystery was solved, wait all day for the rude servers to seat you!We both had omelettes, both were average at best. Their bread is good, and the breakfast potatoes were average. As if it couldnt get worse, the dining room had a smell of sewage. Seemed to be a plumbing issue, the last smell you want at breakfast. Skip this over-rated dump and go to a place that smells like good food and treats their customers with respect and dignity.
5	Hands down, one of The best places in Gilbert!  We are so lucky to have a place like this!  The servers are genuine and real and always remember our names and what we have ordered in the past.  The prices are low and the food is incredible and well worth the buck.  If we want to start out our day feeling great we go there.  Some of my favorites are:  The fried chicken special, the meatloaf, the biscuits and gravy and the pancakes are divine!  Let's not forget how amazing the omelettes are and the French bread toast!  Love!!  Just remember when you get there put your name on the list outside the door and they will see you promptly when they have an open table, it is a small mom-and-pop operation and they are incredible!
2	I've been here twice. First time was a couple years ago. It was pretty good. We decided to go for our anniversary. Monday morning, only 4 tables of customers. Nothing special about this restaurant. We asked the waitress if there were breakfasts with biscuits and gravy. She said no, you need to order the side, which was $5. Breakfast was overcooked, toast was burnt, nothing special about the French toast. $30 for two...not worth it. Outside...big specials sign showing exactly what I ordered with biscuits and gravy, just $5 cheaper. Biscuits were too soft, gravy had no flavor. I'm not sorry I accidentally left my leftovers.
5	So we had only gone for breakfast before. We have had two of the happiest lunches recently. The meatloaf is down home yum...the roasted chicken on Fridays is AMAZING! It's shredded in the gravy of the gods and those rolls are fluffy rounds of magic. This place really doesn't get any better. And for dessert if you can get the lemon or coconut pin raps cake you are in luck!
5	The cinnamon roll and bacon, tomato and avocado omelette were simply out of this world! Best French bread toasts ever...
5	Fantastic food!! Amazingly attentive service!! Coffee was hot and fresh, not too acidic and definitely not weak. I had biscuits and gravy, the wife had an omelette. The kids are a Mickey Mouse pancake and Belgian waffles with chocolate chips. An excellent breakfast for all. Big smiles all around.
4	Glad we stopped here before flying back to Dallas.  I ordered a "famous" cinnamon roll and it was very good.  I wish I hadn't offered to share with the table!  It was buttery and soft, nothing like a cinnabon or something out of a can.  I had the hamburger and it was made with fresh produce including the juiciest tomato slice ever, you can't find one like that at Wal-Mart.  The guys liked their omelettes, fluffy and full of quality incredients.  My burger bun was made in house too, almost like a brioche, yum!  Mom didn't enjoy the waffle, it was a little too soft for her, but otherwise we all enjoyed.
3	Have eaten here several times and the food has always been very good. When you arrive if it's busy you sign up outside and wait to be called. We have never waited very long to be seated. The staff is very attentive and friendly. Just love the staff. I have one question: what happened to the food?  My biscuits & gravy was cold and did not taste good.  Normally it is wonderful but this time it had some strange favors in it. Actually it was floury and somewhat bland. Not good. The rest of the group said their food was just ok.   This is rare for this place. Don't know if they have changed cooks but something needs to be. Fixed. The people at the next table sent one of dishes back also. Please fix it. Of course we will be back. This is just a minor setback.
5	Awesome breakfast! Great service! I had the chili cheese omelet. Best omelets around. This is my new favorite place for breakfast!
4	I judge breakfast restaurants by their fruit cup because it's a staple of breakfast and often the item that gets the shaft in the food industry. Theirs was an interesting combo of meh. It had  strawberries  and yummy watermelon, but unripe melons (the staple of any fruit cup). I'm always sad when there isn't pineapple. The whole wheat pancakes and potatoes were great!! Service was pretty good.  Overall, the experience was better than average but not amazing. I like how the set up is all inclusive however. The table had all the condiments, creamer, sauces and jellies you could imagine before you've even ordered.
5	Good food, cozy atmosphere and attentive and very nice service. The top three most important things about a restaurant were home runs!
5	I liked the small restaurants in downtown Gilbert. The Farm House has this unique charm. The brick and mortar and exposed wood beams add to the charm. The menu was a classic American breakfast that is made fresh. I had ham,jalapenos and sour cream omelet that was amazing. The potatoes were great and seasoned perfectly. The staff was friendly, inviting and service was prompt. I will return for breakfast when I'm in the area in a heartbeat.
5	There is always a long wait on the weekends because this place is amazing. I have been going to the Farm House since they were at their original building and the food is so fresh, homemade and exceptional.
4	This place is legit. Usually I think places with a lot of reviews tend to be overrated, but this place passed with two thumbs up. The pancakes are delicious and the bacon is thick and flavorful. My mom had an omelet and said it was nothing spectacular,  yet she really enjoyed the potatoes.
4	A Gilbert staple! Super cute atmosphere! I had fresh squeezed orange juice and PANCAKES THE SIZE OF MY FACE. They were perfect, creamy, not too sweet...I should not have eaten all that food at once but it was sooo yummy! :D
5	My husband and I decided to venture out and try this place for breakfast. It's small and quaint, like I could high five the person next to us cozy. Our server was super nice. We ordered food and before we knew it it was on our table. It was super good. It had a bed and breakfast feel to it. We were happy and will be back for sure.
3	Very generous portions. Good if a bit bland sausage biscuits and gravy.  In my opinion the savory foods are where its at, the baked goods aren't their forte.  Biscuits were bland and too doughy, almost undercooked. And I was a bit disappointed in the cinnamon bun.  I'm expecting a big fluffy yeasty cinnamony, buttery, frostingly good chewy baked good, but this was more of a cinnamon biscuit ring.   Great service though.  It's a good neighborhood joint and the history of the place is very cool.
5	Good price for a lot of food! Omelets are huge! I couldn't finish mine for once, place gets busy because it's a small reatraunt buy it's worth the wait. Great service from the waitress too
5	After reading a lot of reviews on Yelp, my hubby and I decided to come here and we're very happy we did. I ordered buttermilk pancakes with a side of potatoes and he ordered the chorizo omelette. We also ordered the cinnamon bun and the cinnamon lattes. Everything was delicious. The sizes were generous and it wasn't overpriced at all. It was about $30 for everything, which is awesome! We will definitely come back here.
4	Don't forget to put your name on the list outside the front door!  We loved the atmosphere, it's a tiny little place with a true Farmhouse feel.  We went on a Sunday morning and the wait was fairly short.  It only took about 5 minutes for our food to come out.  I got the bacon and sausage scramble with sausage gravy added.  The sausage gravy is some of the best I have had, it is a little sweet which was new for me but there was plenty of sausage, pepper and flavor.  The potatoes were decent, they had plenty of seasoning.  The grilled french bread seemed a bit strange for a breakfast bread but hey you can get whatever bread you want.  We will definitely be back, we love the Gilbert "old town" feel and this breakfast is on our list of ones to remember.
4	We tried based on Yelp reviews and the ravings didn't disappoint. We had good ambiance, good customer service and delicious food. We went on a Sunday at 10 a.m., so our wait was about 45 minutes, and it took another long 5 minutes once we sat down for a server to swing by our table, but from there until the end, spectacular. The cinnamon roll arrived warm and melted into our mouths. more cream cheesy than others I've tried, but delicious nonetheless. I had the No. 14 I believe... sausage, bacon and potato omelet. The boys got Mickey Mouse pancakes that were light and fluffy. I didn't like my cafe au lait so the server took it off our bill and gave me a cup of fresh coffee on the house in a to-go cup so I wouldn't have to settle for sneaking sips from my husband's cup, which I found thoughtful. It was worth the drive to try something new and we'll definitely go back again the next time we're in town.
4	This place was charming and cozy. Very simple menu and simple food. We had the waffle and breakfast sandwich. Nothing amazing, but very good and filling. The service was great and the staff was all friendly. They also use big glasses requiring less refills and waiting. They even use really cool frosted glasses for the milk. We will definitely be back here again.
2	I've always wanted to try the Farmhouse since I've heard it is so wonderful and it looks so cute. I went this morning with my friend and of course it was packed. We opted for a sunny seat on the patio rather than waiting for an inside seat even though it was a cold January morning.  I think that may have been our biggest mistake.  After we got our coffee,  it took a full 30 minutes for our not so friendly waitress to take our order. When we finally did get our order, we had to request coffee refills and ask for pancake syrup.  It got to the point where we felt like we were an inconvenience to our waitress. We were not impressed and the food wasn't worth going back for.
5	Delicious! Very homely with simple dishes. Relatively priced with a good aroma. 5 stars easy.
4	One of my favorite breakfast spots. The scrambles have endless possibilities and will certainly fill you up. Very good value and my biggest complaint would be the dining room size because there is always a wait, and can often be very lengthy on the weekends.
5	The bacon sour cream and green onion omelette is packed with delicious bacon bits. You will have a wait here but is worth it. Delicious cinnamon rolls here as well. Salivating just thinking about that omelette again!
5	This place is amazing. I've wanted to try it for a long time but the hordes of people always waiting outside put me off. My sister and I decided to do brunch on a Wednesday and there was STILL a wait, but it was manageable. We ordered regular drip coffee and it was really good. I knocked off a star because they don't serve real cream, just those little cups of processed half n half. As a coffee lover that's a big deal for me. After that we shared a cinnamon roll and OMG it was phenomenal. I ordered an omelet and so did my sister. They are huge and delicious and perfect. We both had enough left over for another meal. Considering everything, I think the prices are on point. If they get some real cream they would be my favorite breakfast place, hands down.***edited to add***We went there again today and I'm adjusting my review to 5 stars. If you want real cream, get a cafe au lait. So amazing.
