5	If you have eaten here, you don't need a review. But, everytime I eat at In-N-Out I think of this quote from Tucker Max's I Hope they Beer in Hell"I have only fallen in love three times in my life, and the first bite of that Double-Double was one of those times. The crispy bun complimenting the cool lettuce, the special sauce accentuating the fresh tomato, the sweet meat mixing with the salty cheese, all of it coming together in a harmonious medley of flavor thus far unseen on the American fast food landscape - I was smitten. It was the single greatest fast food meal in the history of civilization. Even though I was full, I immediately ate another Double-Double. I was nearly in tears at this meal, it was so transcendently excellent. Those fuckers should hire me as a spokesman. "
5	let's face it - In & Out - AMAZINGThe fries are pretty good too but the burgers are something special. When you can't get one every day it's painful but it makes it even better when you come back. If you don't know the pain of not getting to have one - well you're lucky and you'll miss it the day you can't. What makes ANY In & Out burger great is the price. Let's face it best burger you can get for such a great price. There are burger joints that have good burgers and come close but you can't match the quality, taste and price you get at In & Out Burger.
5	There's not much about in-n-out that I can say that you don't already know. I feel like it's a polarizing establishment-either you get it or you don't. People who love in-n-out love to hate on people who hate in-n-out and people who hate in-n-out well, I haven't met very many. There are many things I like about in-n-out but number one is the fact that everything is fresh and you can watch your meal being created from start to finish. It's very comforting in an age where fast food means sloppy and processed to be able to get a quality burger, made quickly with fresh ingredients. In-n-out has a pretty extensive "secret" menu that can take your meal to the next level if you so chose. My order always includes well done fries (extra crispy), mustard fried patty and chopped chiles which add an amazing bite to an already delicious burger. One of my friends has a gluten allergy and this is one of the few traditional fast food places where she can eat the fries because they're made fresh and don't have preservatives (where the gluten apparently is factored in). Don't eat meat? They apparently make a mean grilled cheese but vegans beware they cook it on the same grill with the meat. This location is always packed at lunch time but the staff moves quick and it doesn't take long for them to get your meal put together from scratch. Its very simple: you love in-n-out or you don't!
4	Best burger in town!!! I love how all the in n outs I've gone too have awesome service and delicious burgers and fries!! Quick service and everything tastes fresh!
4	They were a little slow tonight.  Most people do not need a review of this place, you have either eaten here or have been told to.  Only 1 other fast food burger in Vegas better than this one.
4	Still a good place for a Burger but Five Guys Burger & Fries has stolen me away.
5	I LOVE In-N-Out!  The food is consistently good and the service is always friendly!!!I can not say that anything in particular stands out at this location, but it was the one closest to my house and so it was the one that I visited the most.  A double-double w/animal fries is a must!  The prices and food are right on target, I miss it so much! :(
5	Oh, man.  What can I say?  3x3, protein style, no spread, ketchup instead, mustard grilled, whole grilled.  When I went the first time, I got a 3x3 protein style and animal fries.  I read the secret menu wikipedia article and that's when I came up with the first order in my review.Clean, polite, good location.
4	I love In N Out Burger!  When I went yesterday I think it may have been a bit of an off day for them.  Customer service was great, staff was very friendly but the fries were a bit on the stale side as well as the hamburger buns.  Also, they had the AC running and I think it might have been only in the 70s outside.  Having the AC running doesn't help with keeping the food hot on your table.  Other than that everything was great.
5	Easy breezy to get to, on and off the highway.   We had no wait at dinner time at the cash register (we went here twice on our way to and from LA)  and got our food in about 10 minutes.   Really affordable for excellent food, and kid friendly.  LOVE the double double with grilled onions, fries, and a chocolate shake!  All of the staff was super friendly and nice.  When my daughter flipped her fries on the ground, they were really nice about cleaning it up, and brought her some new ones.  They also gave the kids stickers and a puzzle for while we were waiting for the food. Will definitley go to this one again when we are road tripping this way!
5	If you're in the mood for a low carb snack, maybe something to tide you over please try the flying Dutchman with a side of spread. And to kick it up a notch, ask them to make it with fried mustard. What you get is 2 meat and cheese patties that have mustard infused into the meat while it cooks. Sounds strange but throw a side of spread on that greasy, cheesy mess and find yourself eating the best carb-free thing you never even knew about. Tell 'em Mary sent you ;) btw don't be surprised if the order taker doesn't know what a flying Dutchman is. Just tell them to ask their manager to school them in that case.
5	Doesn't matter which one you go to, the food is all good.  Double Double Animal Style and a chocolate shake!
4	I just moved to Westchester. And there's an In-N-Out nearby. Not as close as I had become used to when I lived in North Orange County (walking distance) but close enough for those times when I crave fast food. Which, by the way, is not very often. When I dropped by - it wasn't very busy. I did see a lot of tourists or people returning home to California who were probably jonesin' for their double double or whatever concoction they know and love. I grabbed it it to-go and the staff was pretty efficient and my order wasn't wrong. Can't ask for more than that. I really do like In-N-Out but I didn't choose where I moved because there's one nearby. That was just a bonus ...
5	This place is so consistent that a review seems not needed. I had my usual "Grilled Cheese with extra Tomato" and a fry. It was hot, fresh and delicious!The cashiers were friendly and the ease of placing my order was nice.There wasn't too long of a line (big shock!) but for us faithful followers we would wait no matter how long !
4	Im giving you permission to laugh at me, as soon as you finish reading this.  I may be the only person to have never tasted the burger "animal style".   I had it today.  I'm a Jersey girl from before the fake housewives ruined it, so I know a little about roadside burgers.  The 'animal style" burger took me back to my days at AW Root Beer and other mom and pop drive ups - not to be confused with drive thrus.Just in case you are like me and are oblivious to this burger terminology, "animal style" means grilled onions, pickles, and extra dressing. I had a little tamer animal with only moderate dressing.  The young lady was kind enough not to openly judge me. Next time, I will get the animal style fries. They come with sauce, cheese, and grilled onions.Ok, one tip - ask for extra napkins.  They were a bit stingy with the napkins considering I was dealing with an animal in the car.
5	Food is good, not healthy but good! If your thinking of going into business, model yourself after them. They have friendly staff, clean everything, and quality foods...I have never seen a nicer staff! I have eaten there for years (in and out)...
3	There was something off about this recent. None of the staff had a genuine smile or outgoing friendliness during the entire time we were eating in the location. I am a big fan of INNOUT and expected better service.
5	easily one of my fav burger joints ever, you can never go wrong with animal style double double and fries, with their thick chocolate shakes. yum
5	mmmmm yummy juicy flavorful burgers.  We did not have an in--out burger in Hawaii so whenever people came to visit they insisted that I try one of the burgers if I ever made it to the mainland.  Now that i moved here, i came here several times.  Each time the service rocks and the burger is so ono.  I order it protein style cause I'm not a huge fan of bread.  The burgers have tons of flavor and I must say this is one of my favorite burger joints.My only complaint is the type of lettuce they use.  I wished it was romaine instead.  Other than that everything is perfect.  Cheap burger that tastes great.  What else can you ask for?
4	Sometimes it is the simple things in life that are 4 stars. Take In N Out Burger. They have turned dining out into a simple experience. In N Out specializes in three sandwiches: a hamburger, cheeseburger, and double cheeseburger in addition to fries, Coke beverages, and shakes. It is simplicity in dining that is delicious. In N Out burgers taste freshly made. Missing from In N Out are microwaves and warmer lights.  This past Saturday after exploring Craig Ranch Regional Park and hanging out in The Cannery my brother and I were up for a simple 4 star meal. The Cannery failed at that. It was now 11 p.m. And so we decided to meet up at the In N Out Burger a couple of lights from the Cannery and off the Interstate 15 exit. The abundance of parking and lighting gave me a simple first impression. It was an impression that would develop into a 4 star rating. The restaurant met my standards in cleaniness. The cashier was welcoming. In back of the cashier, the people cooking the burgers were in plain view. I appreciate the fact that customers can see the food being prepared. The time between ordering and picking up the food was 8 minutes. Yeah it wasn't exactly fast food, however, the taste exceeded fast food. An In N Out cheeseburger and fries is worth waiting for. The cheeseburger with lettuce, tomatoes, and onions was thick and tasty. I could believe that the burger was not frozen and microwaved. The fries were good, but in my opinion they cannot hold up to Chick Fil-A's or Nathan's.  When it comes to eating out, sometimes I am a fan of  simple dining. I will be checking into an In N Out Burger in the near future.
4	first impressions after getting out of the car:  "What is that awful smell!  It smells like the sewer is backed up out here!"Not how it smelled when we walked into the place though.  We were greeted by an eager young man looking to make sure we were well taken care of.  My bride & I placed our orders and searched for a clean place to sit down...  "Clean" is the operative word.  It seems the guests are sloppy, so we asked the previously mentioned young man to clean a table (and seats) for us, and he gladly did so.The burgers were tasty, the fries were as expected.  My first time at an in & out burger, and I have to say I'm pleasantly surprised.  Good value, tasty food - probably not very good FOR me though.  I'm sure my arteries will complain later.
5	Love their double double burgers animal style and their animal fries.  Daughter loves the grilled cheese. Gotta try their lemonade too!
5	Finally went for the first time. AMAZING, 4x2animal animalfries choco shake. YUM, will definitely be adding this to one of my post workout go tos. The employees are great, the food is fresh, and I love the fries.
5	This location wowed me with the extremely friendly staff and everyone was smiling-a diamond in an industrial part of town.  What can I say about the food . . .always exactly the same.
5	Super fast service and a clean environment. This in n out couldn't be more convenient. It was right next to my hotel so pretty much it was the only thing I ate for a few days. But who am I to complain. In n out is alwYs delicious no matter what location it's at. Their employees are super nice and my order of fries looked like two orders, so no complaints here
4	Really good, but a fried burger just doesn't cut it for me. Grill it over an open flame (ala Carl's/Hardee's) and it would be perfection in a bun, IMHO. Being from Seattle, I find them similar to Puget Sounds own Dick's Burgers (never been to a 5 Guys), but owning an RV and cooking so much of our meats over lump charcoal has spoiled me.Now the fries are a 7! Firm, delicious and not grainy like some other places, these spuds alone are worth the trip.
1	I can deal with in n out being slow because it's so good.  But this one is ridiculously slow.  The people who work there operate in slow motion.
5	I've been going here for quite a while and I have never had a bad experience. This last visit made me want to write a good review because I am so pleased with the service and the food. First of all, the workers are amazing. I had a really friendly guy named Kitan take my order and was very happy with the service. Also, Samari was extremely nice, as well as the manager on duty. Of course, the food is always perfect. But if there's something wrong with the food they're always happy to make you a new one. This place is always great!
5	Burger gets five stars and the fries get one star.
5	Long drive threw lines SOMETIMES but    worth the   wait (: people don't mind lines when it comes down too eating a burger from here.  Easy menu.
5	Fast & friendly service, consistently delicious, always a favorite!  Parking is convenient and the single fries portion seems bigger than other In N Outs.
5	Best burgers ever. The burgers are very fresh and I always ask to out it in a box with a lid to go, it seals up the moisture and makes the fries soggy which I love.  If u want to go light, u can always ask to make it protein style so they substitute the bun for lettuce leaves.
5	Love this place. Can't come to Vegas & not come here!!!!
5	I'm simple cheese burger, fries well done, with a vanilla shake kind of gal. They always get my order correct and in a timely manner. I never seem to be disappointed! I always take my visiting family members here and they love it:) My only complaint is when I ask for military discount they state they only do law enforcement. Usually people consider it one in the same and offer the discount for there service. I know it's not the stores fault but just wanted to mention it.
5	One of the better In-N-Out locations.  They've always gotten my order right.  Fries are always fresh.  Burgers tasty.  What more can be said.  Animal Style is the only way to go.  I love that they never use frozen food.  Everything is fresh.  Oh you can get a better burger, but not for the price.  In-N-Out employees are the happiest in the fast food industry !!
