4	Food was fantastic but don't expect to order off the menu. Just ask for whatever they want to serve you. No soap in the bathroom, they said they were ordering a new soap dispenser...Most items were fried. The rice/beans mix was dry and bland. It feels like you're traveling in a third world country. First world prices.My new favorite spot!
5	Coming from a Nicaraguan family, I must say that this place is 100% aunthentic!!! The food is Fresh and good!! The prices are reasonable as well as the portions. The queso frito(fried cheese), gallo pinto(rice and beans), fritanga de res(seasoned beef), and tajadas(fried plantains)were on point!!!
5	Coming from a Nicaraguan family, I must say that this place is 100% aunthentic!!! The food is Fresh and good!! The prices are reasonable as well as the portions. The queso frito(fried cheese), gallo pinto(rice and beans), fritanga de res(seasoned beef), and tajadas(fried plantains)were on point!!!
5	MUYYYY Rico. Es tener un pedacito de Nic en Las Vegas.
4	I am Nicaraguan (like I lived there so I know how the food should taste) Dona Norma does a great job on cooking it right. They have friendly service and their prices are reasonable. I love their fritanga platter which brings beef (cabob style), gallopinto (rice and beans mixed together), fried cheese and fried bananas. If you are Nicaraguan and new to the Las Vegas area this is the place to go. Trust me other "Nicaraguan" restaurants in town don't compare.
4	We read a review about this place as a small authentic Nicaraguan restaurant that has been in Las Vegas for years. I am so glad we tried this place. The owner/chef Norma was very kind and the food was EXCELLENT! The prices are great and the portions are even better. I could tell she had a following of faithful diners. Most of the people coming in or leaving knew her from previous visits. We will returning again. I love hidden gems! Especially trying a new food from somewhere far away. This is it!MUST TRY: Fritangas! We had a plate with Steak (grilled to perfection and seasoned REALLY good), Rice with Beans,crispy and sweet plantain and fried cheese. It was AMAZING!We also had the "Chancho con Yuca" (pork with yuca) which was also very good and came with a really good cabbage salad that taste great with the pork. I probably would just get the Fritangas again because the Chancho was a HUGE for an appetizer and filling in itself. If you are looking for somewhere new and really down home cooking good, this is the place to try! Turns out we like Nicaraguan food and didn't even know it.The only thing a little strange was the tv was playing a wedding (maybe a family member of her's or someone she knew) and the entertainment on the wedding video was the music/movie for the restaurant but it was odd watching someone's wedding on a bad quality tape. Food was awesome though.  CA$H ONLY HERE!!!
4	Came to LV with two friends that are Nicaraguan.  They loved the food and said it was very traditional.  Totally delicious and now we plan to come here every time we are in town.  The food is spiced delicately and is extremely tasty.  Not much to look at from the outside, but the quality and the taste of the food is stellar.  Very nice family who runs it - recommended highly.
5	stayed in vegas a few days and was sick of casino/hotel/restaurant food. yelped some Nicaraguan options and this place came up. doesn't look like much but it's some of the best nica food i have ever had.
4	Having never tried Nicaraguan food, I had to try this place.  This place also has Mexican and El Salvadoran food.  Perhaps this is a Nicaraguan thing, but there are no real sauces.  I ordered the pork kebabs that came with cooked plantains, plantain chips, cheesy bread, and rice and beans.  There was not much pork, but there was a rather significant portion of starches.  I guess if I were carb loading for a marathon I'd stop by here the day before.  They also served hot tortillas and bean dip as a free appetizer so more carbs for you.  The pork was a bit dry and flavorless.  The waiter offered some homemade onion salsa or something, but that didn't spark up the flavor.  There was no hot sauce.  This may be a Nicaraguan thing so I'm not going to criticize them for not hot sauce or tasty salsa or something.  Kind of reminds me of Filipino food, just bland.  Can't say I'm a fan of Nicaraguan food now, but I would say this place is clean and fresh and the staff extremely friendly.  I also liked watching the TV novellas on the big screen.  I wish Yelp had another star system.  I wouldn't say I'm a fan here, but I would say they do a good job at what they do.
4	After being spoiled by "La Mission" food in San Francisco whiles I lived there for a few years, I really didn't think Vegas could ever compete. In fact numerous people who have lived here said Latin comida is not as great as the food in Cali. But as far as Nica food goes this place is pretty good. I could only try the nacatamale and cacao but that's all I wanted for now. Plus I was on a date so I didn't want to pig out in front of him. Besides nacatamales aren't easy to make...according to my date you need good hands to make good nacatamales.  And these were delish. The service was a bit nonexistent but he did the basics so we were good. The restaurant is not in the best part of town and it almost looks like a house in a parking lot so be careful or you may pass it like I did. Prices were not bad either. ..I look forward to going back for more.
1	First off Half of the menu isn't available The Mexican cashier was really annoying asking where my parents were from, where was I staying at, where was I from, when I asked him to call a cab for me, he told me that he could take me to my hotel, I got really annoyed and walked out. Third the food was below average, the fried plantains were the only good thing out of the three things I ordered.
1	La comida es mala parece un lugar de mala muerte aparte tienen un mal servicio los banos apestan las cucarachas abundan muy sucio no voy nunca mas en mi vida
5	This is one of my favorite Nicaraguan restaurant in vegas. This is by far the best authentic Nicaraguan food I have tried in a long time. The one in LA & SF are no comparison to this one. I m glad I stumbled upon this place. My partner found this place by pure coincidence while trying to find a mall around this area. I went there several times while visiting Las Vegas.
1	out of business!!!! was looking forward to having some good old fashioned nicoya food... it was sad. shut down out of business...  no more. shut down.
