1	Don't know a lot regards to this place except don't trust them. I got flowers delivered to me for my birthday from this place. They were given my complete address including apt # and cell phone #. I was home all day. I get a call on my cell phone in which I did not answer since I do not know the #. But, they did leave a message stating this is Mike from Windmill Floral Expression I left your flowers at the front office. What front office? Work? or Home? Why didn't they deliver to my apartment?So I did call over to my Apartment Managers office and they had my flowers.The flowers are beautiful. On the card attached it shows my name, address with apt # and cell # .  So what was the problem in delivering properly?  I would never use them afraid my person wouldn't get there flowers and I will let the person know who sent them to me since they did it from out of state.
5	I was in a bind and needed a last minute arrangement for a funeral. The ladies here were very accommodating and had me out the door in plenty of time for the service down the street. The arrangement was very pretty and didn't look like I had waited until the last minute. Thank you Floral Expressions!
2	I don't think I would come here again.  The ladies working here are rude and have absolutely no sense of customer service.  OK so it is Valentine's Day and you are busy.  Well as a florist you should expect to be busy on Valentine's Day, it just kind of goes with the type of business you operate.      I came in and was greeted by a nice older lady who helped me right away and got to work on my arrangement of Lilly's which came out great and she did a wonderful job and was quite nice.      But while I waited another gentleman came in asking for a dozen roses to be sent to his wife, and the attitude and treatment he got from the other ladies working there was pretty bad.  They were giving him such a hard time about ordering on Valentine's Day (again this is their business which they should be prepared for, and its these kinds of people who see you worked hard for them and will come back).  We even looked at each other and kind of communicated to each other: "Geese what is this lady's problem?"  Another woman ended up calling delivery driver for the man and it all ended up working out, no thanks to the other two women who just sat there with their horrible attitude.      Another weird thing: you walk into this place and its like a jungle.  Should probably be cleared up a little bit, I mean there is so much stuff you cant even turn the card display around to see whats on the back of it.  It is probably a fire hazard.
1	I wanted to order flowers for a funeral on Monday and wanted to pick my own instead of ordering online. Their website says they open at 10am on Saturdays. I arrived at 10:40am and the store was still closed, no light on inside, and no one in sight. Even the sign in the window said they were supposed to open at 10am! Since I was on my way to work, I didn't have time to look for another florist. What a waste of time and now I have to order online which I didn't want to do in the first place.
5	I'm actually shocked at the previous reviews on here. My experience was quiet the opposite of other reviewers. I had actually ordered an arrangement from teleflora.com in the morning for same day delivery on my boyfriends birthday. At 3:30pm that day, I recieved an email from them stating that they could not fulfill my order the same day. If this wasn't enough, they charged my credit card already. So, I frantically started looking for a florist in town who could deliver with such short notice. When I called, the lady was very friendly. I explained the situation and fully expected her to say they had stopped delivery, she told me she could do it. She even looked up the exact item I ordered from Teleflora and said she'd make a nice arrangement with the red flowers that I really wanted (it's his favorite color). She assured me not to worry that she would hand deliver them herself on her way home. My boyfriend called me around the time she promised to deliver them saying he loved his flowers. He sent a picture, and they were just what I wanted. For me, customer service goes a long way. I will not be ordering flowers from anyone except this one from on. The kindness of this woman completely turned my day around and made my boyfriends day special too. Thank you.
