4	So I got 3 flat tires in my first 8 days of riding my bike to work.  Yes, it's extremely annoying.  Thanks for asking.After posting a plea of help to my fellow Yelp biker Tim, he suggested I get the Kevlar tires he uses.  I called around to locate a bike store along my route home.  Luckily for me, Global Bikes carried these tires, and they were in the direction I was headed.They hooked me up with 2 new armadillo elite (flat resistant) tires, and performed the tire replacement for a mere $6.  I walked into Global Bikes a boy, but left a man.  Thanks guys!  I look forward to many moons without a deflated tire.
5	Locally owned.  Very helpful owner & salesperson.  Mike helped me pick out a bike to surprise my husband for his birthday.  He told me all of the benefits of the bike he suggested, and listened to what I told him that was important to my husband.  The store has a great return / exchange policy.  Thankfully I will not have to return it, my husband absolutley loved it.  Thanks Global Bikes for your help and suggestions.
4	Great place to look for bikes. My girlfriend and I were looking to find some new ways to spend time together and stay active at the same time. The gentleman who helped us listened to all our questions and helped us make a good choice on bikes. We absolutely love our bikes and are so glad we dropped by.
5	I just bought a new bike and went to their Bike 101 class. I know very very little about bikes. I was very apprehensive about going because I didn't want to look like an idiot to these bike pros. Its a FREE class and we went over how to fix a flat, chain maintenance and other useful items. The gentleman who taught the class, I forget his name (Mike?) but he is the manager of that location, was very knowledgeable. But what impressed me the most was his open and easy going attitude. I asked a lot of questions, some I'm sure were dumb, but he never made me feel stupid, explained things when I asked and was very patient. I will most definitely be attending more of their classes and events and they are my go to place for cycling questions/purchases. When you are a "pro", you often forget how intimidating it is for beginners, but they made me excited to get into the sport and I really appreciate it!!
4	Did a nice tune up and got me some never flat tires.. roughly $150 for fixing one thing on bike, tune up and fixing tires.. Thanks
4	Very helpful staff! I had a few questions and they treated me like a friend. I highly recommend Global Bikes.
5	This Global Bikes location is the furthest from my home, yet the one I like to frequent the most. The staff is understanding and always there to answer any of my questions. I just purchased my first Specialized mountain bike, and they gave me the opportunity to finance it, which is great. Every tune up or purchase I make there is highly satisfactory. I recommend this shop to everyone!Always ask for Justin or Chris when you have a question. They have a way of helping out without pressuring you to buy, or making you feel stupid.
1	The employees at this store left me with a very bad impression.  I went in late on a Saturday afternoon and just needed a flat changed.  I might as well have been invisible because the guy who changed the tube completely ignored me while repairing it, all the while carrying on a conversation with his buddy.  I had to break in to ask a question, which he would answer but then I was again invisible.  This was my first visit and it will be my last!
5	I spent a few days looking at my options for a bike to start riding around in. I walked into global bikes and was very impressed at how honest the gentleman was with me about the type of bike to get. He didn't upsale me and even let me take it for a quick spin. Bought it on the spot. They have me a discount on top of another 20% shave in price. Very impressed and will be going back   .
5	This is THE best bike repair shop. I had my Trek road bike with Shimano Dura Ace components at another bike shop for a week and they couldn't fix a broken shifter or rear derailleur. They told me I needed to order new parts. I took it to Global and they fixed it in 1 day with no new parts needed. My bike has never ridden as smooth as now. I heard the shop owner/manager was part of the US Olympic cycling team and knows his stuff. If you are anywhere in the East Valley it is worth it to take your road bike here for maintenance.
