5	The huge balcony off the kitchen and master bedroom are to die for. Omg the huge closet space very nice plus the neighborhood is quiet clean and drama free.
5	Where to start ...first the staff here are exceptional ,karlene and Krystal are amazing I consider them friends first then management .the apartments are spacious and well maintained .every room has a large view that opens the place up and lets lots of light in .the club house has just had a complete renovation there are big screen tv,wireless Internet ,two brand new touch screen computers .the gym has also been totally redone with top of the line brand new equipment .the pool  is the  center attraction it is always clean and warm and they peovide clean towles.i have been here one year and just resigned my lease  I truly consider  this place home ......thank you adiamo
5	This is a great apartment community. Management is very professional and is always there to help. Maintenance has always fixed things in a timely matter. My neighbors were all very quiet. Never really saw them. So I didn't have any issues with them... Aside from their smoking. I was surrounded by smokers. My first year I did have bugs. All sorts! Roaches of course, but once they sprayed I had no problems. Lots of crickets near the end of summer. I was on the first level though. Which is probably why. My neighbor upstairs never had roaches. So, it's probably better to get a second level if you can. Not saying you won't get them, but less likely. Parking is decent. I have to say the apartment I had was in a really cute spot. Right near the pool and the walk way to my door was quaint with the pretty plants. They really make this complex clean and inviting. I only left because I wanted more storage. The one bedroom doesn't have any extra closets, unless you get the one with the loft. That wasn't enough for me, and for the price I was able to get a 2 bedroom for under 1k. I'd definitely come back here if I could afford their 2 bedroom. If you can afford it, it's worth it. It's in the perfect spot! The 215 and 95 are very close. Albertson's is nearby, Super Target down the street, Metro Pizza is right across the street, and Walgreens and Starbucks are right next door! Plus, Whole Foods and The District are very close by. My favorite places. I miss this place already!
5	We needed a short term rental that would accept a medium size dog all while relocating across the country all without seeing the complex or unit.  The manager, Carleen, was fantastic to work with through telephone and email. She has since retired, but has left a very capable, friendly and wonderful staff behind. Eric and Brittney were wonderful to work with, especially when we needed to extend our lease while our house was being completed. The complex is incredibly safe, clean and very well maintained. The dog walk areas are always stocked with baggies and a handy receptacle. I never worried about walking through the complex after dark to take care of my dog, go to the pool or workout room or take out the trash. Trash is picked up twice a week, so it doesn't pile up. The maintenance staff is friendly and helpful. When we needed our garbage disposal replaced, they came the very next day to take care of it. When I lost my house key and needed a new one, they make it within an hour. The pool and spa are well-maintained, the BBQ grill was easy to use and allowed us to grill out without having our own. The fitness center was easy to use. The little things like coffee in the office, free wi-fi in the common areas, relaxing areas to visit in the club  house, computer areas, and towels at the pool are very welcoming and nice features. The office organizes at least 1 social gathering each month like cookouts, sobets at the pool and hot dogs to make it really easy to get to know your neighbors. The complex is close to the highway, without the noise, grocery stores, restaurants, coffee shops and so much more. So convenient. If you are looking for a  welcoming, safe, well-maintained complex, then I highly recommend Adiamo.
