5	I've got some spunky glasses that try to go on adventures without me. I turn my head too quick, they take that as a cue to flap their little arms and fly off my head. I bend down to tie my shoe, they hurry to the tip of my nose for a better view. I fall asleep in them, and I'm not sure what kind of antics they get into, but I usually find them in disarray on the ground or tangled in the blankets. Maybe they just wanted to cuddle, but I'm pretty sure they're conspiring to elope to Vegas without me. But they're creatures of habit, so it's not too often they pull a fast one on me. (Although every time they do I'm sure they giggle their lenses off as I grope for them like a blind mole-like critter.) They recently hatched a new plan, easily the most devious of the bunch. Instead of working as a team they decided to take their chances solo and rendezvous at a meeting point. That meeting point happened to be my bathroom counter.I set them down and *plop* what was once one piece was then two. I was so shocked that I conceded a good couple of days to them. Especially since they were willing to go to such extremes to get away from me! While they gloated over their victory I was stuck with my highly unflattering, scratched and cruddy Harry Potter glasses.After a brief hiatus they agreed to reconcile for the sake of my nose (and my ego). So off to All-American Eyeglass Repair we went! We showed up and were promptly greeted by a young man at the counter. My glasses warmed to him immediately and I could practically hear them purring with contentment. It was an ocular spa day. He took my wily little friends into the back (gave 'em a quick massage), popped in a new screw (the happy ending on that massage), then tightened and re-bent (lil chiropractic work) them back into shape. Total cost: zero dollars and zero cents. My glasses must have sweet talked him while they were in the back because his only requirement was that we come back to him for all our glasses repair needs. Seeing how this is the first time in years these glasses have sat quietly in one place for longer than thirty minutes, I'm pretty sure they've put the revolution on the back burner. But the next time they start conniving, it's off to All-American Eyeglass Repair for a visit to my favorite lens masseuse!
5	Very friendly and helpful. Not afraid of working with vintage glasses, which is all I wear.  Thank you!
5	My frames were all bent out of shape and All American was so kind to fix them within minutes. Very friendly....thank you!!!!
4	I have been here twice now over the years.  Always spot on with quick repairs. Highly recommend!
1	I have been going to All American Eyeglass Repair for several years. I always change out nose pads on my sunglasses to silicone nonslip pads. They cost around $30 depending on type of frames. They normally have friendly and knowledgeable staffs there and never had any problems before. I even recommended to friends and co-workers. Last time I was there, there was this crazy old witch there and she was so rude and made a big deal about adjusting my glasses. She said she had to charge me $15 to adjust my sunglasses because they weren't purchased there. WHAT?!?! I've been taking all of my glasses there for repairs and never had any problems with free fitting. When they replaced the nose pads, the staff always adjust to make sure they fit properly. The guy that worked on my glasses told me to wear for a day and see how they fit and bring back for readjustment if needed. This crazy lady (I believe she's the owner) tried to charge me a fee. I had to argue with her till she finally agree to adjust at no charge. She was freakin nuts! Every eyeglass place I've ever been always adjust at no charge even though I did not purchase them there. I will not give them any more business and will not be going back.
5	Wonderful experience! I had sat on my glasses and bent the ear piece arm. Took them in and the man behind the counter fixed them in less than a minute.  Which made me happy, but then when I asked him what I owed, he said "nothing, it only took me a minute".  How great is that??  Very nice of him, I will defiantly spead the word about  this clean, friendly store that does a fantastic job fixing eyeglasses.
5	I had super quick eye pad replacementsjob done on my Maui Jim sunglasses.  I didn't buy the glasses at his store, (they were a gift) but the kind gentleman wouldn't charge me for his service.  (They are a Maui Jim authorized dealer and repair shop.)   I will keep them in mind for my future eyeglass purchases and service!
5	Place looks closed, but really is open. Fast and friendly service. Very knowledgable. I recommend going there and yelping your experience.
5	I just took my daughters glasses in to have the pads replaced.  They were quick and helpful and the price for the repair was reasonable.  I had a similar experience at one of their other stores in Mesa.  I would recommend them to anyone needing their glasses repaired.
5	Walked in to get glasses fixed and walked out with a new pair within ten minutes! Great facility and great staff! Defiantly going back next time I break my glasses! So much win!
5	Awesome!  I called before I came and he said he could get the modification done to my glasses within 30 minutes.  Great deal.  It was a bit far from me, just under 20 miles, but worth the drive.  When I was at Costco, I complained to the optical lady that I don't see real well with my Progressives.  She said my glasses were sitting too low on my face due to my flat Chinese nose.  She said I needed nose pads.I remember when my kids were getting their eyeglasses at Nationwide, they recommended this place.  I couldn't quite remember the name, but I Googled eyeglass repair and this immediately popped up.Since I love Yelp, I Yelped this business and saw all the rave reviews.  I drove to this place (NE Rural and Ray - near the Chandler Sunset Library).  An elder lady beat me into the store by like 2 seconds.  It's not nice to try to shove an old lady out of the way, so I let her go ahead.He got the lady's repair and told her about 10-15 minutes.  Then, my turn and he told me the same thing.  I think within 15-20 minutes total, he had new nose pads on my glasses.  When he returned my glasses to me, it was like I had a new pair of glasses.  I could actually see much better and I think this is the way my progressives are supposed to be.I'd been wearing 8 months and limping along, and that's because they were too low on my face.  Very grateful for the great job this gentleman did, his professionalism and friendliness.  I was able to get back to work quickly and see much better.It was $39 to add the nose pads to my existing glasses.Thank you!!!
