5	With a groupon of about 50% savings, what could go wrong? ...NOTHING! ;) This was my first ever helicopter ride, and I have to admit that I was a little nervous. But I couldn't have asked for anything more! The view was BEAUTIFUL! My girl friend and I were blown away by the spectacular experience and professionalism of 702 Helicopter. We will definitely be back!
5	Me and my friend took a helicopter tour, and we were very impressed! The pilot was very nice, and professional, we bought a package for a helicopter tour of the vegas strip, and the pilot took us over the strip and then also took us for a tour of red rock canyon also so our 15 minute tour turned into a 45 minute one for free. I was very impressed with my expierence I highly recommend 702!!!
1	Got the groupon for my vacation to Vegas for my birthday. Called to schedule b4 I left and while in Vegas with no call back. Needless to say other then the casinos this was the one thing I was looking forward too. Thanks for ruining by bday.
5	This was such an awesome experience, my friend had purchased this for me as a birthday present, and I took my bf and my 7 year old son and they both loved it. It was a nice experience and a different way to view Las Vegas I highly recommend them!!
5	This was an awesome experience! Smooth take off & landing, AMAZING VIEW of the light on LV strip & old town!! Even that back to back traffic that we all dread, it looks like a string of Christmas light from up there. Pretty cool vantage point, if you are up there! ^__* Pilot, Brian, was a great host as well. It just added to the whole Vegas experience!
4	So I as surprised with this helicopter tour as a gift. Didnt know what to expect at all. John at the front dear was very helpful and informative. The prices were great compared to other tour places and this came with magic show tickets to redeem as well. Great deal! When we went up in the helicopter it felt like a video game! The view as we circled the strip was amazing. We timed it perfectly on the hour for we also got to see the Bellagio fountain show and the Fremont street experience! I highly recommend this for it makes for a great Vegas experience! -Joseph
5	First time on a helicopter so worth it! Also Im afraif of heights ... So imagine how smooth it all was if I gave it 5 stars. The pilot and the cute green eyed boy were so nice and funny. 17minutes of excitement!
5	Absolutely amazing! First time and defenetly amazed! Beautiful view and very smooth landing and take off. The pilot was very nice and the cute green eyes boy that helped us was very helpful and took pictures of us before we got on the helicopter. Very talkative and very funny and did I forget to mention cute (: would defenetly do it again.
5	Brought Groupon last Tue and made appointment for Sat night to surprise my Mom and Niece and we all loved it!!!  John the pilot and the guy in the office forgot his name but man they were cute!!! and extremely nice.  The view was amazing just wish I could afford to be in it for a lot longer.  We are all still talking about it.  I would recommend it to anyone that goes to Vegas.
5	This was one of the most enjoyable things I have experienced in Vegas! My mom loved it too and we didn't experience any motion sickness at all. It was a very smooth ride from start to finish and the view was incredible. We took our ride after dark and were in awe of the strip all lit up. The tour did a giant loop from the Stratosphere to the south end of the strip and back. It was over too fast! We would love to go again.
5	Bought a groupon deal when going Vegas with my mom and husband. The chopper you gonna ride is not a big one, not something you saw in the movie but good enough for us to see. I sat in passenger seat at front and the other two sit at the back, so everyone got a window seat. 20 minute ride to see the Strip and downtown. Nightview is awesome ( i booked 8pm tour, remember to checkout sunset time). The captain will not talk a lot (will only tell you where is the best time to take photo for strip, and where is downtown). When you waiting you are free to look at their airplane garages and take photos, which is a plus! During this vegas trip I also went to the top of Paris Effie tower to see Vegas from top (in the daytime), and i think helicopter is way better! BTW the groupon includes a comedy magic show ticket, and the show was awesome, mom said her stomach hurts because she laugh so hard! Fun time~
5	Had a night time strip your in April. It was fantastic although I was abit scared being a first timer in a helicopter. Ground staff were great and pilot was very informative . We purchased a groupon for this tour and it was perfect. Thank you so much 702 helicopters !! Would defo recommend this company !!!!
4	Bought a groupon with the expectations having a heli tour over "The Strip", and that was exaclty what we got!Booking was smoothly made through their website, and further on confirmed by a phone call. We got there pretty early to checkin and after a safety instruction off we go.Flight is about 10-13 minutes and you go back and forth on different sides of it The strip. We found it plenty of time to get a nice shoot and for the money we gave, its hard to beat it.Staff is fun, service minded and gave us a great experience on our trip.The only tip i could give is to either go there by own car, or book their shuttle van in advance, which is $65 or something like that. It feels kinda steep but its very close to e reg. cab ride, and is def. worth a few extra bucks to have it all set up.We ended up waiting for a cab for 1 hour after finishing the ride, since our cab driver wanted to take another ride before picking us up again! (Do i have to add that it was kinda enoying?)Expect: Great staff, great view, great value...in vegas!
5	My friend and I took advantage of Groupon deal with 702, and we are so happy we did!  Brian and Race were so awesome!!  It was my first time in a helicopter, and I am afraid of heights, but I was not scared during the flight at all.  It was really awesome to fly over the strip at night, and Brian was a friendly pilot/tour guide.  The only thing was, when we received the comedy magic show tickets, the expiration date was written incorrectly but Brian emailed me and let me know that he will absolutely take care of this for us the next time we return to Vegas.THANK YOU!!!
5	Amazing service from start to finish. Made you feel comfortable and at ease. The pilot was super friendly and made the flight a perfect experience.
5	We took our grandson last evening on the 702 helicopter strip tour. Had a groupon. Have done about everything there is to do in Vegas except this. Highly recommended. We all agreed it was one of the best Vegas experiences ever. The tour itself is fantastic but the icing on the cake is 702's outstanding customer service and staff. Very professional and fun to be around. If you do one attraction while in Vegas, make it with these guys. Would recommend around sunset or later, but anytime is great.
5	Wow! My wife and I just took our first flight over the Las Vegas strip on 702 Helicoptors and we were blown away by not only the smooth ride and fantastic view but the fantastic customer service. Everyone we encountered from the customer service agents on the phone, the person who greets you at the facility and the pilot are the nicest people you will meet. A++, great job guys
5	This was an absolutely awesome tour! My brother was in from California and has wanted to ride his entire life. I took him and my teenage daughter and everyone had a blast! The staff is incredible from start to finish and Race is especially awesome. He had enough excitement for all of us and was very eager to make the experience great. Thank you 702 Helicopters for an outstanding experience!
5	There is definitely a reason this place gets glowing reviews from everybody.. The staff really makes the experience the greatest possible. I was always able to contact them them without a problem. And of course the tour was breathtaking how could it not be.  Tip: they had beverages here for like $.50 that's just crazy!
5	What a great experience!  I had never been in a helicopter before so I had nothing to gauge it by, but the service was great!  They were friendly and very helpful.  My wife was in a wheelchair and they accommodated her every need.  We were late because it was scheduled as soon as we got in from the airport across town.  They moved people around and communicated over the phone and made it work.  They gave us a great evening tour and took us up and down the strip.  Do it at night!  I'd imagine it to be the best way to take the tour.  I found them on Groupon and it was a great deal where it included magic show tickets.  I'd say the only drawback would be that it was really hard to find, and catching a cab back to the strip took some waiting so if that is your plan on getting in and out of there, plan ahead.  If I were ever to take another tour of the strip, I'd choose these guys.  Thank you 702 for the great experience!
5	We got the Groupon deal and flew on a Saturday evening at 6:30pm. They fly out of the North Las Vegas Airport, which is about 20 minutes from the Strip. They were prompt and on the dot with their flight schedule. When you get there you'll sign a waiver and then you'll be escorted out to the take off area. The flight was around 10-12 minutes, and the views were worth it. It was cool seeing a different perspective of the Strip from above.Everyone was professional: the 1-man ground "crew" was energetic, our pilot AJ was fantastic and brought us back safely.This is a must do when you come to Vegas.
5	I took the strip tour. Let me start by saying that after the strip ride.. I most definitely will be planning to go back and book the other tours that they offer. The entire staff is knowledgeable, friendly,  and very accommodating.  They see to that you get every penny's worth of your money. I'm from Las Vegas and have seen the strip..been on the strip and all around the strip.  But taking a Helicopter ride above it was completely off the charts! The pilot talks to you and tells you where your heading and what to watch for. .when the best pictures can be taken. .and points out things that you would never know to even expect or look for. You truly hate to see the ride end. I work very hard for my money and always try to spend it wisely. If you have the opportunity and the extra money to spend for a once in a while treat? I highly highly recommend these guys. .like myself. .you'll need a plastic surgeon to remove the huge smiles!
5	Spoke with the owner, Bianca? She was awesome. Answered all my questions , super helpful. THANK YOU!
