5	Of all the Sephora stores in the Phoenix area, why does THIS one have to have the best inventory of them all??? The location is not convenient, and I am not very fond of the west side of townThis is the ONLY store that carries the COMPLETE line of "Make Up For Ever," affectionately known by professionals as MUFE.  Make Up For Ever started as a line for professionals only.... and it had none of the small sized products they have today for the everyday consumer.  It was all pigments and bases for theatrical use... but the quality was so much better and more innovative than anything on the market that the consumers in France forced into general production by high demand.    I love this line so much, I used to make a special trip to Sephora when I was in Las Vegas or New York..... finally one of the Phoenix area stores carries the whole line.
3	Sephora is the what Orwell's 1984 would have been like if it took place in a makeup outlet instead of a dystopian Britain. A large, spacious warehouse occupied by at least a half dozen identically dressed employees, separated only by their choice of eye shadow, all programmed to say the same four or five phrases. Some of the smarter ones know how to shuffle the order of the phrases. Some don't.Employee 1: "Can I help you with anything?"No. I'm good.Employee 2: "Can I help you with anything?"No, didn't you just hear me? I'm good.Employee 3: "Would you like a basket for all that?"Actually, I would, thanks.Employee 3: "Can I help you with anything?"...Seriously, though. Why do you need six people at a time in a makeup shop? It's makeup, it's not Sam's Club. You're never going to need an extra pair of hands to lift a crate of palletes.Why are you staring at me? Oh. Shit. Am I wearing makeup?Haha. I didn't even notice that. Man, am I glad you caught that.How ridiculous would I have looked wearing makeup... in a makeup store?You wouldn't know this from my pointless ramblings, but I'm actually quite the Sephora whore. With the exception of one excursion to a MAC Cosmetics in Redwood City, CA, all of my makeup has been purchased from them, and usually at this location.Egad. Does that mean...Yes, I'm an attention whore and just like to complain about shit. Probably because my parents didn't love me. Oh well. This Urban Decay eye shadow makes up for it. Kinda.I must be stopped.
2	If your products weren't my number two love I would abandon you!!!  I only say this of this location!  One associate was SO snotty I wanted to punch her, and I'm not a violent individual!  Fashion Square receives my loyalty...
3	Maybe because I was here on a Saturday, it was super packed. I could barely move in and out of aisle. Out of no where, those black lab coat employees pop out from the aisle, "Can I help you help anything?".  No, thanks I replied.  Quickly, she turned around and left in a flash.   Anyways, I walked in and knew where I needed to go to get my DK lotion.  There is no one in line to pay so the transaction was fast.  I did not want to wander around anymore just too many people. I missing shopping in the Vegas strip location (huge and so much stuff to look at, try, and smell).
5	I usually shop online when buying products from Sephora, but I have been to this location about 5 times. They have the BEST ish from nailpolish to perfume to bodywash. I also love their primers & eyeshadows. My foundation of choice is the matte bare minerals, have yet to find a concealer that I love though. If you shop here enough, they will enroll you in their VIB (very important beauty insider) program. They email you specials/discounts, send you a lil somethin on your bday & have products to chose from when you hit 100 & 500 points (on every purchase $1=1 pt). They are affiliated with J C Penney, so I get to use my Penney's card here. Although, I can only do so online, I tried to use it the 1st time I went to the actual store & they said they don't accept them. Weird but whatev that's why I like going online better!
4	I do not wear much make-up, but I am in love with Sephora.  I have only been to this loction though.  My sister and I had our make-up done here for our brothers wedding a couple weekends ago, and the two ladies that did our make-up were very nice and knowledgeable.  They were really good at listening to what we wanted, and gave us tips as we were not the most experienced make-up users.  I went back on Black Friday and the place like all places in arrowhead were a mad house.  Even though, one of the girls working asked me if I had questions, she helped me figure out what foundation color was right for me, not just by looking, but by actually trying.  It's a little intimidating walking into a make-up store, knowning nothing about make-up, but Sephora makes it all better.
4	I'm like a kid in a candy store, and can put a serious dent in my wallet here. They have a great variety of brands in make-up, perfume, and skincare. The staff for the most part are well-informed and helpful. The best thing with lotions and skincare is you can ask for a sample to take home and try before you make a purchase...because really isn't it a b*&$h when you spend 50 bucks on something that ends up giving you a face only your mother could love.
2	The only thing that I like about this store is that they have a lot of brands.I just don't like the employees, their really would.My friend and I were taking pictures, you know,not obnoxiously or anything, just trying to have a good time.And a woman who worked there said there was a policy for no cameras....But I didn't see a sign anywhere.Other than that, it's always really, really crowded in there, I feel like I can barely breath.
2	Ok only got a two star cuz I love sephora but I had to hurry and write a review that's how horrible it was at this location ok so they absolutely bug at this location there is nothing wrong with asking if I need help of course if u didn't I would have had a problem but let me tell u that being asked 14 times in a15 min time frame is crazy not only did they follow me around and this lil Mexican lady followed me around acting like she was fixing shelves everywhere I went (ridiculous) btw I'm Mexican ;) so I can say that;) was so irritated I almost wanna call corporate I refused to even purchase anything they betta know I'm a certified V.I.B lol
5	If I die tonight, please make sure heaven looks just like this. Possibly add a wall of shoes in the back, but please make sure this is where it's at. This location has the best inventory and the best people working there. They have EVERYTHING. Now, I saw a lot of comments about the sales people being overly helpful, but when navigating the world of thousands of beauty products, this is just what you need. They have tried everything and usually know their stuff. If you don't want to be helped with makeup, that's what the internet is for. I spend hundreds of dollars in here every time I go and don't regret a dime. Ask for Tory, she's the best.
3	My only recommendation is that they make sure they have the colors in stock that they sample on people.  The clerk tried on 3 different colors on me because the first two were not in stock.  So when she said the first color was perfect for me and then oh no we are out.  And then the second color is perfect too and then oh no out again.  So when the 3rd color was just as perfect, I couldn't help but feelike it wasn't.  Also please don't take a clerk away from a customer to ring up another customer - just makes you feel not as important.
1	Honestly, every single time I shop at this location, I leave feeling belittled and bewildered. I'm not a professional MUA, but I make sure to do extensive research before purchasing any cosmetic item. On several occasions, I've gone into this Sephora with the intent of purchasing $50-$150 dollars worth of merchandise. You'd think I'd have learned my lesson by now, yet I continue to throw myself into the gauntlet of useless employees that wander aimlessly and reek of arrogance. I HATE this Sephora. By far, the worst one I've EVER been to. It's a shame I live on the west side of town, because the Scottsdale location is far superior.Time and time again, I leave this location feeling as though I've been looked down upon and written off. Or better yet, I get "information" about products I'm not the least bit interested in.Unfortunately, I'll be taking my business elsewhere in the future.Oh, and I believe the woman who "assisted" me last week was named Megan. Here's a tip for you: Change your foundation. I'm surely not buying a product if you're wearing it and I can see every pore, wrinkle, and hair on your face.
4	This place is fantastic! Everyone is at the ready to help you and they have almost everything you will need to beautify. Love love love!
5	Every single time I walk into this place it's as if they Angels sing!  Make up? Yes please! Fragrance? Yes Please...give me more!  It's all there...in one place! Primers! Lip Stains! Mascara! Liners and brushes! It's like crack for me.  Hi.  My name is Ella and I'm an addict...The gals and guys here are very helpful when I'm searching for a new mascara or fragrance.  I truly appreciate the fact that they will give you samples of any fragrance to take home and try it before you buy it.  This lets me weed out the granny smelling scents from the ones I know will "bring the boys to the yard..."Make up consultations are always helpful too!  They won't make you look like a triflin' porn star either...I mean, unless that's what you want!
3	Fell in love with Sephora going to their location at my summer home in Portland Oregon.  Recently went to their location here in Glendale and while I still love their store and product selection, I wasn't that impressed with this particular location.  Not nearly as friendly and helpful as the store I usually go to in Portland.  They were a little busy so that might explain the lack of available help and shortness I encountered, which is understandable.  I will definitely give them another chance and be back.
4	I love sephora .. with all of my heart. I hate  their prices, but meh that is the manufacture, so I still love them! But if you like deals, shop their website. You can usually get a free thingy for spending more then 25$ or something and then free shipping after 50$, and really who spends less then 50$ at sephora? The water cost more .. if they sold water. Huge makeup selection at the store and great for new and experienced people alike. I read someone had a horrible time with workers there, but honestly for me was great. I have been there at least a dozen times, and each time they are friendly and take the time to answer my questions or help me find something. While yes, that is apart of their job, I did not find them overbearing or rude. Yes, some of them could use make up tips themselves as one of the ladies pointed out, but really, which one of us is perfect? How many of us walk out looking like photoshopped magazine adds? Not me. So no reason to be petty and talk about someones look. If they were horrible at being a sales person, that is one thing, but do they need to be beautiful to sell you something? Kinda shallow dude. Anyways, that is my rant! Go here if you like makeup and do not like money. Or better yet, go to the website! If you shop online through the JCP portal and you have a JCP shopping card, you can return anything you buy online to the store, so if you dont like something, you can take it back to a store inside a JCP! And I think they use the return policy JPC has, so anything anytime blah blah blah. Oh and sign up for their beauty reward thingy, it is free and it is cool. Sure you dont really earn that much, you have to spend like 500$ to get a 500 point gift which is worth like 10 dollars of stuff, but its 10$ worth of stuff you wouldn't of gotten, so happy shopping! If you are on a budget .. try Eyeslipsface.com .. its like the dollar store of makeup , but the nice dollar store in the nice neighborhood.
1	I want to start by saying that I love Sephora stores, but not this particular location at Arrowhead Mall.    The 4 foot 2 inch Mexican woman who looks like someone you'd hire to wash your windows is the so called "manager."    Unbelievable!!!   She is about the most unprofessional manager  Sephora could have ever hired.   She follows you around like you're a thief and worse than that, she has such an ugly personality.    She bosses the younger women around who are under  her and they appear to be terrified of her.    I absolutely refuse to go in that store when she's there.   At first I thought I was imagining things, then I thought that I was the only one she does this to, but I've since learned that she does this to other customers as well and they also hate to go in the store when she's there.   Thank goodness there's a new Sephora inside JC Penny.   That's where I shop  now for the last  11 months.  If they don't have what I need, I go to the Fashion Square location.
5	The staff helped right away and matched me to the perfect shade! I love this sephora!
5	Great service and lovely products. I love the set up in there and everything is always clean and well stocked.
5	Tasha, the manager, helped me with my problem. I had bought a gift card as a birthday present for my sister and mailed it to her. The UPS Store I mailed it to received it, but did not give it to her, and told her they never received it. I believe the UPS Store employees took it. After getting no help or sympathy by the UPS Store, I called the Sephora customer service line to freeze the card. This woman was very understanding, and although she needed a receipt (which I didn't have anymore), she told me to call the store I bought the card from and see if they could help with the receipt.When I called the store, Tasha, instead of filling out forms and emails (that she said probably would've taken too much time before the thief would've used up the card), simply completely replaced the giftcard. She even offered to mail it direct to my sister! Of course, I couldn't have the new card mailed to the box that had already been stolen from, so she said I could pick the card up myself when ever I had the chance. I picked the card up from the store that same day and hugged Tasha for being so wonderful. Thanks to her, I was able to give my little sister her birthday present this year, and move past the horrible, rude thieves at the UPS Store who left me feeling violated.I don't normally give many comments, be it good or bad. But this event requires such. Tasha and her team at the Arrowhead Mall Sephora in Glendale, AZ are nothing but pure gold star employees. Not only have I never had a less than "gold star" experience at the regular times I've visited this store, but this particular event and encounter with Tasha has renewed my faith in good people working for a good company. Tasha undoubtedly needs a raise and/or a higher-level position offer.
5	This is my new go-to beauty supply store. Danielle is super-sweet, very knowledgable about face care and I was impressed with her professionalism. I was initially assisted by Kat who was exuberant and helpful in getting me prepped for Danielle to do my Skincare IQ. Great teamwork! Danielle easily determined a foundation and other skin care products for me. So far, I'm ecstatic about them all and she provided samples of other items for me to think over. She is a ROCKSTAR!This isn't a store that is closest to me, however I may return here just to receive the same awesome service.
