4	Tried this spa for the first time as part of a Spa Week promotion with a colleague. We enjoyed the spa's amenities throughout our visit and found the attendants to be outstanding. Suggest a massage with Lisa and a facial with Carolyn.  While separate private men's areas and women's areas are available, the co-ed water sanctuary and co-ed lounge made our day so much nicer.  The steam rooms, saunas and little touches - like terrific tea available in the spa --coconut chai was our favorite --  added to the pampering factor for the day. The workout room was also nicely appointed. I'd definitely recommend this spa.
4	Nuts!  Some one beat me to writing the first review! Oh well....But like Ruth C, I too, tried this spa out for the Spa Week Special. Cannot beat a $50 massage to begin with, let alone at a spa like this  that is well appointed, spacious and new (opened in January 2010). Plus I was staying at the Embassy across the way so it was convenient.  When you first walk in, you go into the coed Roman Bath, it's nice warm (not hot) pool with day beds along the sides. Then you go into the separate men/women facilities. The woman's facility has a very spacious and lounge sitting area with a large screen TV, comfy huge leather arm chairs and couches. It reminded me a study or library room with its heavy dark wood walls, leather chairs and wood tables. I was thinking the only thing missing would be a fire place!  They offer complimentary fruits, granola, teas, coffe and water spiked with lemons. The bathrooms come fully stocked with curling irons, hair dryers, hairspray, mouse, gel, deodarant, razors, shave get and brushes/combs. There vanity area is pretty large and spread out so you don't feel like you're in somebody elses space. The woman's area also has it's own whirlpool, steam room and sauna. There's cold towels in ice and cold water all over the facility, in the co-ed and woman's area. The co-ed lounge area has a large flat screen on ESPN (gotta cater to the guys peppered in there with all the ladies!). and has the complimentary fruits, granola teas, etc, etc in there as well. I got this sugar cane/bamboo stick massage. My technician was professional, didn't talk too much but was friendly enough to make me feel comfortable. Rooms and ambiance are nice and warm, not huge, just enough for the table and your technician to move around.Over all, I liked this spa, I like it better than the Venetian's Spa and I'm come back.Pros:-Size of the spa and facility. It's enough to move around in and feel comfortable. I went on a Saturday at noon so I'm thinking this would be as busy as it would get as there was lots of groups but still didn't feel too crowded. -The amenities and products provided.-Clean and new-Friendly and professional staff-The ambiance of different spaces are relaxing and inviting, although not all of the same color scheme or theme.Cons:-It is the Hard Rock Hotel and it could get busy and crowded with large groups (think bachelorette parties, college co-ed) so you might want to consider when in the week you book your appt. -The hallway connecting the steam/sauna area to the showers/bathroom in the woman's facility is narrow! Only 1 woman can fit in it at time, 2 have to turn sideways to pass. Weird why they designed it like that.
3	Having finished finals around 5am, I decided that upon my arrival to Vegas I'd head straight to the spa for a massage....totally deserved, right? Walked in during spa week (score), the facilities were clean, and well decorated. The complimentary granola I read about was missing, but the fruit and tea was a nice touch. My massage was ok, nothing amazing, but relaxed me and prepared me for the night's festivities. Overall...pretty nice spa, but I'm not sure I'd rave about it
4	I have been lucky enough to hit this spa a few times when there were hardly any other clients around.  The amenities are awesome (stocked shower and hair supplies, sauna, hot tub, steam room, lounge, fruit, etc) and I love the modern/industrial feel.  I've always had a very pleasant welcome from the locker room attendants.  Front desk staff, however, are fairly rude.  But I feel like this is par for the course at any spa.  There must be some type of Rude School that these chicks go to in order to be granted "front desk" status.  I think that the key to this place is getting the right therapist.  In the past I have had mushy massages that left me pretty disappointed.  However, yesterday I had an INCREDIBLE deep tissue massage from a dude named Dave Hurray (I'm serious - that's his name).  Dave had a couple of tricks that hit muscles that have always been an issue for me.  He is totally the guy that should be at a Hard Rock Spa too - he had an awesome spa mix that I've never heard before but was chill and spacey.  Love it.  If that's not your thing, though, he'll totally change to the "regular spa sounds".I'll be back for more Dave next time I'm in town.  If the front desk reception was better, this would be a five-star review.
3	My friend and I bought the travel zoo voucher and finally used it this last weekend. I had never visited this spa while she had so I was looking forward to a nice relaxing time. The entrance where you check-in is very nice and dark, kind of set you in the mood. Someone took us back to show us everything and again its very relaxing inside. They have food and drinks in a couple different areas and great music playing in the background. They also have many flat panel TVs around so if you need, you can enjoy some TV. When she took us to the our lockers she forgot to tell us how to lock and unlock them. Luckily my friend had visited once before so she knew, take a star off of that! As we waited in the lounge area for our names to be called I couldn't wonder how it was slightly uncomfortable. I have been to other spa's at other casinos and the lounges have more couches that everyone can lay down on. The lounge was really the only place you could sit and relax if you didn't want to be in the water, but people kept coming in and out and it was distracting. I think it would be better if they had another area for people to read and just enjoy the music. Another star knock down! My massage was great and so was the body scrub. My skin feels wonderful and I felt loose the next day when I was working out.  David did all of it and he was very nice and soothing.  I would ask for him!!  I think getting the massage was the most relaxing experience. Back in the women's area, the employees do not say anything to you and you feel slightly odd for being there. Well at least I did. I would go back if I got another voucher/groupon. I think there are better spas for relaxing out there!
3	Truly enjoyed my experience at the Reliquary today!! It was my 1st time there. I took advantage of the Travel zoo special! Kim gave me the most amazing aromatherapy Swedish massage & then I went for more relaxation in the salon for a mani-pedi!! This Spa is just right. Not to big, but is has everything you need!! The staff pampered & took great care of me. I will definitely be back... Thank you Hard Rock!!
4	My boyfriend and I both got the Travelzoo deal for 1 hour massage and 25 min service. The spa is super cute. Brand new and trendy. Wasn't too packed. Front desk staff was very nice (much better than Qua, which I went to 2 days prior) and helpful. I had originally booked the massage with a female, so when Dave came through the doors I was a little taken aback. I have never had a male massage therapist. Due to the Travelzoo voucher I had no choice, so I went with it...and I am glad I did. Dave was amazing. He was super nice and chill and put me right at ease. His technique was very good and my massage was perfect. By the looks of the other reviews, this guy is highly regarded, so I am so happy I got him...even if by accident. I would totally come back to this spa just to get another massage from him. My boyfriend was not happy about his massage. His therapist technique wasn't good and he said she was very 'choppy' in her movements. He complained that his back hurt for a week after. I chose to get the 25 min facial. It was good. Not amazing, but good. Boyfriend got a pedi (his first) and he really liked it. The facility was clean, robes were very nice and plush. The reason it only got 4 stars -- they were doing some sort of a tour and as we were relaxing in the waiting room they brought about 40 men and women through on a tour. I was sitting there in just my robe with strangers staring at me as I tried to quietly drink my mimosa in the in corner. AKWARD!
2	I did not get a massage or service at the spa, rather I purchased a day pass to use the facilities while staying at the hotel.  I had been to the Hard Rock's spa before they remodeled and moved it and had a good experience.  The new spa, however, was underwhelming.  The common areas are very nicely done, great colors, very spacious and comfortable.  The women's area however is stark white and very bright.  Its not very relaxing at all.  Another thing I found odd was the flat panel tv's everywhere.  Why do you need to watch ESPN while you are trying to relax?  The staff was horrible. Rude, loud and bitchy.  My friends and I came to the spa to get some quiet time and rest and we have to listen to three employees cackle (yes, I said cackle) loudly. We were right in the same room and they were complaining and gossiping about guests and yelling and laughing about their drunken shenanigans the night before.  Its one thing to talk to each other, but you don't bad mouth customers in front of other customers.  Meanwhile, the spa in the women's area was disgusting and had several clumps of hair.   Another group of loud mouth girls came in and were literally shouting (I think they spent too much time near the speakers in the club the night before) and we had to finally ask someone to ask them to lower their voices.  We were literally on the other side of the spa and could not escape the screeching.  Take your money elsewhere, like Canyon Ranch at the Venetian, which is fabulous.
5	I spent half the day here on what I consider one of the best days of my life!I came here with Mamie P. to relax before my upcoming wedding.  We both booked a 50 minute Swedish massage.  We walked in around 8:30, got our custom locker, had an in-depth tour, was offered refreshments, and got a fluffy robe.  We tested out the hot tub on the women's side before an attendant told us it was 10 minutes til our massages.We went to the waiting room and were called to our therapists.  I had Marcy, a really cool lady from Iowa.  She was great - I recommend her!!  This was only my third or fourth professional massage and my first at a Vegas spa.  After the massage, Mamie and I went to the coed Roman bath.  We were alone most of the time and it was nice and quiet in the whole spa area.  We snacked on granola and had hot coconut chai and jasmine dragon teas in between our visits to the different spa areas, lounging in a couch area.We then tried the steam room - it had an herbal-y mist and was insanely steam-y (I had to poke my head outside when I first walked in to get a deep breath) - it was hard to breathe in there and felt a lot like Houston where I am from.  It eventually got too hot so we went back to the Roman bath, then a last dip in the jacuzzi, enjoyed nice showers then got ready with all of the vanity amenities.We left around 2:30 feeling extremely relaxed.  I really enjoyed my time here and would definitely go back.  We didn't use the fitness center but that is also included if you like to work out when you go to the spa!25% local discount with Nevada ID, Sunday-Friday.
5	OMG! SIGH!!! My girlfriends & I purchased a deal through Travelzoo...best decision ever. When we got there we were asked to pay the gratuity up front b/c of the deal we had. We were greeted by an attendant that showed us to our lockers. We got the softest robes ever in the history of robes...then we went for our massages. Massage & Scrub. The rooms are clean & very relaxed. LOVED the music! After an HOUR of massage we visited the facilities...steam room, sauna, jacuzzi.  Then we had to go eat. Damn you food!!! But we were told that we were free to come back to use the facilities ALL DAY!!!! (We didn't b/c after all it is Vegas & we drank & forgot all about it) But all in all it was an AMAZING experience. I will so do it again!!!
4	During my bachelorette party, some of the girls and I bought travel zoo vouchers for 1 hour massage and side treatment $89. I got the mini 20 mins facial as my side treatment. They add gratuity and taxes on top so total was approx $125. I was a little apprehensive about coming here after reading the reviews about the rude people who worked here. Much to my surprise everyone was professional and friendly. We arrived and were given a tour of the facilities. This is one of the nicer spas I have been to. I stuck my belongings in my locker, changed into my bathing suit and a lady came to get me for my facial. She steamed my face, then gave me a light facial. Next was my 1 hour massage. Macy my masseuse told me to get nekked and get under the covers. I did as I was told and practically fell asleep until I accidently kicked her when she was trying to massage my ticklish feet. After my massage I joined my other friends for a dip in the Jacuzzi, steam room and pool. We also enjoyed complimentary juice, water, apples and granola. It was almost time for dinner so I jumped into the spacious shower stall for a quick shower. It is real convenient to shower there since they provide q tips, blow dryer, deodorant, lotion, etc. I definitely recommend this spa!
1	Oh hell no!!So the bf bought me a 50min Swedish and got me a haircut in the salon, since hes an employee he got a discount so the total was around 200$I was soooo pissed at the end of the "experience" First I started off at the spa and got my massage, the guy front desk person was very nice and today the older girl was also pretty nice. I was like 5 minutes late so they were rushing me (which was annoying as hell!) They got me into the back and the attendant back there was the NICEST girl in the entire spa! She got me my locker and gave me a robe (which did not fully cover my Latina ass and hips, BOO!) and swept me to the back weird hallway to get massaged. My masseuse was Emma (I think) Tall blonde lady, very nice. She took me to my room and told me to get under the covers. I did so and she came in and started. I asked her which was the best massage because I had been in a few car accidents and she advised me Swedish was good for first times(my first time!!) and I was like ok... I needed something hard not a soft massage.She started on my back and put some lotion on my back and started. I was waiting for her to go a little harder and after 10 mins I told her to be a little rougher(I guess?) and she did so. I told her my back really hurts and that I had a ton of knots and she worked on my back for about 20 minutes. I figured she would work on it for like 30mins but she started on my legs and feet... I really didnt need that massaged at all! So she did that for like 10 mins and I turned over and she did my shoulders and head (shoulders felt good!!) and then she was finally done... and I was left wanting more because my back still hurt and I was not at all relaxed! So I go and put my clothes on to get my haircut and I was walking out to the salon and noticed it was only 4:58pm!! So I know that I arrived 5 mins later and it took about 10 mins to get checked in and change and go back there... then it took about 10 mins to get dressed and fix my hair. So basically I had like a 35 min massage! UGH!! At the end I had 22$ left and the girl asks me what I wanted to do with it? " You didn't leave gratuity for the masseuse so do you just want to leave that for her?" Seriously? a 22$ tip!? I had no choice because it was a gift certificate and she didnt give me an options. Stupid beezy! I was REALLY EXCITED to get my haircut because I hadnt had one in almost 10 months and was ready for one! I would normally NEVER go to a "spa/salon" for a haircut, but had no choice since my bf got me the package. I go in and check in and some short lady with curly hair takes me to the back. I sit down and she asks me how I want my hair cut. I tell her I want lots of volume and layers, I asked if she had any books I can look at real quick and she asked the girl who sits around and does nothing to get her one. She then gives it to me with an attitude (I shoulda slapped her stupid braid off the side of her head!) and I look through it, I didnt see anything I liked so I showed her an old picture of how I wanted me hair done. She was like "ok I try and do that" TRY?! REALLY TRY? I was like WTF? If you work in a salon in a spa I think you should KNOW how to cut hair. So she asked how much she could cut off and I said however much you think. I told her I didnt think my end were that fried and she was like "uhhh yea they are!" I was sooo irritated with her at this point... She had me stand up to cut my hair?! WTF I've gone to other SALONS and I have never had to stand up to get a hair cut... I didnt mind but it was weird. So she started cutting and what normally took my old girl almost an hr took her like 15 mins. She was like "ohh this haircut is really easy!" Yea it was easy because she did it HALF ASSED and wrong! She started blow drying my hair and was like "it looks cute" I looked and was instantly angered! My layers were long and it was un-even! I asked if she could cut the layers more and texturize it since it was soooo thick. She did so and it still looked fuggin HORRIBLE! I've NEVER had a hair THIS BAD! I had one close to this bad at supercuts, but I only paid 10$! At the end I could tell if I woulda said please try and fix it, it woulda got worse and I woulda had to punch a bitch! If this lady would have focused on me and NOT ON OTHER STYLISTS CONVOS AND BEING NOSEY AND SSAYING HOW MUCH SHE WANTED SALT maybe my hair would look ok. My bf thinks I'm over reacting but 6+inches are gone, my layers are messed up, and for 90$ the haircut should be gold! I'm still freakin pissed and hate this salon! I had to come home and cut parts where it was sooooo uneven you could spot it a mile away! STAY AWAY FROM THIS SALON! I'm very upset! I'm gonna have to wait another 10 months to grow my hair back to get a decent haircut.This place is over-rated and over-priced!! GO ELSEWHERE!
5	We bought the travelzoo voucher and I did the message & facial. Marcy was my massage therapist & hands down best message I've had. Facial was good as well. The spa itself was very nice. I loved the wet sauna and the soaking pools. Can't wait to go back!
3	So it was my birthday weekend (October for all my stalke..... I mean fans! love you) and I felt I deserved a little personal treat. Lo and behold, I was in luck for it was Spa Week in Las Vegas and the Reliquary Spa was offering specials! I went for a special on a 50 minute Swedish massage for $50. Decent price (especially for Vegas) so I went ahead and booked it for the last day of my trip. I had gotten an amazing airbrush tan right before I flew out there and I didn't want it coming off on the table with all the kneading of my muscles that I knew would ensue.On my last night in Vegas, I went to the Reliquary Spa at the Hard Rock Hotel (which is where I have always stayed for my birthday). It was at first hard for me to find... It was behind Vanity or something and I had to walk a long ways from the main casino floor to get to it. Finally found it and checked in. I was only sitting for a few minutes before I was taken through the doors to begin my spa experience. When you first walk into the spa, you see the co-ed heated pool. It was very spacious and beautiful; reminded me of what maybe a bath house might have looked like in Roman times. It looks as if the architects and interior designers spared no expense. I was led around this pool though to the women's' locker room and exclusive spa area. As per the usual spa ritual, I was given a key for a locker and a very comfy white robe to put on and sandals for my feet. I was then led to my massage room and my guy (I forget his name) introduced himself. He was very nice and I was looking forward to a man working my body since I had tons of knots. I know I'm being slightly sexist but I needed strong hands!Anyways, he steps out while I de-robe and I situate myself on the table. Soft massage-parlor-water-dripping music is playing in the background and I feel immediately more relaxed. My guy comes in and starts working on me. I noted the time that we started on my watch to make sure they gave me my 50 minutes. He was good, but not great, at working out some of my kinks. I was definitely in pain (in a good way) most of the time. I remember though he told me I "have the hardest legs I've ever felt on a woman".... I don't really know what to make of that comment. I then asked him if he had touched my thighs yet since I know those aren't hard. Small awkward moment. So my massage ends...I checked my watch and saw they shaved off a few minutes of my time. Kind of annoying but whatever. Again, my massage was good, but not great. Afterward, I decided to relax in the sauna and hot tub naked.... which was honestly a first for me haha. I just sat down, and napped for a little. That felt great. When I finally saw my fingers were pruning up I dragged myself out of the hot water and went back to the locker room. I love the vanity area of the locker room since they have really nice blow dryers, curling irons and other things to put on or play with. At one point I realized it was time to go since I had to get ready to leave for the airport. I got dressed and left to go pay back at the front desk. Gratuity was automatically included at 20%... I would have tipped 15% since I didn't think my massage was mind blowing. Fine. I would have only argued with something like that if it had been a huge disappointment.Overall, Reliquary Spa at the Hard Rock is new and trendy but without a spa deal or being treated by a rich guy I just met in the casino, I seriously doubt I would ever go there and pay full price. The normal prices are kind of ridiculous........ Sorry. That being said, if they ever have a Spa Week deal take advantage of it. If anything, you will feel better and more relaxed. Just don't expect your toes to curl in ecstasy....
5	I'm a fan!  This is how a spa should be. Upscale, lots of hot pools, lots of lounges, plenty of access to water, fruits and booze if you want it. Quiet time, nice music, nice treatment rooms.  Eucalyptus in the wet sauna, nice showers with rain shower heads.A+
1	First, this review is only about the salon, because I intended to go to the spa after I got a haircut. I never got there. I was excited to get a stylish cut because my hair had long ago outgrown my last cut. I was led into the salon, told to don a plastic robe, and followed a woman to a chair. I was invited to sit down, and then another woman started talking to me. Slightly confusing, but whatever.I was asked "what we are doing today" and I explained that I wanted something shorter (especially in the back) and fun. The stylist pressed me for an example of what I had in mind. I didn't really have a specific cut in mind, as I expected my stylist to help guide me like a good waiter would do.Soon it became clear that no suggestions would be forthcoming until I produced a picture, so I suggested that something like P!nk's haircut, only slightly longer would be a starting place for something that I might want. The stylist told me that P!nk wore her hair in a mohawk and that hair cut took a lot of time to keep up and was I willing to do that kind of styling? And she had a complete "look" so that cut was really a lifestyle element and was I going to do the whole lifestyle?She then went on a little lecture binge about how we were very limited by my kind of hair (on the fine side) and color (lots of golds and white because it used to be red). She handed me a book and told me to go through it. She did the same, then quizzed me -- almost aggressively -- about what was it I liked about a picture I picked. This was not a fun exercise of discovery, as it might have been in different hands. This was an inquisition.  I was told repeatedly that lots of the photos in the magazines were the same style. But I couldn't have any of them,I asked if we could look at pictures of men's styles, as sometimes a long version of those cuts works for me. I was told they did not exist. Her tone was quite rude, and she interrupted me every single time time I tried to talk. She's ask me a question, then talk right over me in a judgmental way. I tried to be calm, but it soon became very clear that she was not listening at all to me. So much about working with creative people -- or anyone for that matter -- is about trust. I felt as though I'd given her ample opportunity to build trust, and she took every opportunity to assail me. I finally told her that this was not going to work for me, that I didn't think we were a good match, and I got up and left. I've never left before in a situation like that, even when I had doubts. I'm very glad I listened to my gut and bailed.
3	The swedish massage was amazing.  80 min was not enough.  Besides the large roman coed pool, I found the facilities unimpressive.  Everything was clean and well kept. But I couldnt believe the small size of the spa jacuzzi and sauna  in the men's side.   I would come back for the massage but not to hang around and lounge.
4	Co-ed roman pool....The roman pool is what sticks out to me with this spa. It's a nice touch and a lot of fun to just sit and relax in with my girlies for a bach party.  This is a great spa to go to for a big group because of this pool and the lounge is pretty big.We got some deal off of travel zoo for 80 bucks so this was well worth the price, especially for Vegas.   It also came with complimentary mimosas..woohoo!Atmosphere:Entry and front lounge is  all dark and sexy, which made me wonder if the rest of it was going to look like some brothel.  But def. has that modern industrial feel to it.  The rest of the spa looked like a spa, everything was nice and clean.  I noticed this spa is pretty spacious compared to others.  The second lounge that my girls and I hung in was spacious, cushy couches with a tv and tons of juice and water.  I heard you can also order alcohol too.  But there were no snacks like some other reviewers mentioned. Boooooo!Amenities:Spacious co-ed roman pool with the usual wet sauna, dry sauna, and jacuzzi.  Showers were nice with the rain shower heads.  The products in the grooming area were pretty decent.Rub down:60 minute swedish massage.  It was relaxing, therapist worked more on my back like I asked.  Glad I didn't hear any background noises like some other yelpers mentioned.  No complaints here.
4	When I saw that this spa had a co-ed area and was at the Hard Rock, I thought it would be a perfect place to drag my husband for one of the days were in town.  We each had a massage. There were good and my husband paid the extra for an "aromatherapy" addition. I did not think it was worth the $20 extra, but he enjoyed it. The women's area had a double sized jacuzzi/hot tub, dry sauna, steam room, and nice large showers. The dressing area was fully equipped with everything for getting ready for a night out if you don't want to go back to your room. (We were at a different hotel across town so I got ready here at the spa).  From what my husband described, the men's area was similar. They also had lots of juice, tea, and lemon water that was included. Fruit and granola were also available in the lounges.We each had some "alone time" in the secluded areas and then met in the roman pool area which was co-ed. There are little alcoves with nicely padded benches. We sat in one and sipped champagne (which was part of our package) and then got in the pool. The roman bath/pool is like a very large jacuzzi but not has hot as most hot tubs. We really enjoyed the pool and stayed in until we were pruned.We had also gotten the deal from Travel Zoo (which I see they are already offering again). If you get the deal, it is very worth it. My husband got a mini-facial and I got a mini-pedicure with our massage and we enjoyed the champagne.  My pedicure was a little disappointing only because I felt rushed (I know it was the 25 minute and not full but still). She pushed my slippers on right after she painted my toes and sent me on my way, so yes, I got a smudge on one of my toes trying to carefully walk back to the spa. So not impressed with the salon, but loved the spa.A great way to splurge and pamper yourselves.  My favorite spa in Vegas is the Qua at Ceasar's because they have some over the top things in the Women's only area. But the Qua does not have a co-ed area. I would definitely come back to Reliquary, especially if I was with my husband.
3	I enjoyed my time at Reliquary Spa.  It was relaxing and I had a great time.  When I was there, the place was empty and I felt like I had this place all to myself.  I'd HATE to imagine what this place would be like if it were crowded because this spa is tiny.  The Roman pool is big and it's co-ed but the other parts of the spa weren't very big.  The jacuzzi would have been nice if the water was warmer but I didn't have too many complaints.  The sauna, on the other hand, is wayyyy too weak.  I turned the dial to the maximum heat and I was barely sweating.  If you want to sweat, go into the steam room but be prepared to be scared out of your a** when the steam comes out.One minor complaint is that they don't have a whole lot of things to eat there.  They have plenty to drink, however, but as for food, they provide granola, apples, and occasional bananas.I had fun but I doubt I'll ever return due to the cost.
4	The spa was wonderful. It can feel small if there are several large parties. However, the space was beautifully designed. The women's area was very clean, the jacuzzi was hot and soothing. The eucalyptus (?) infused dry sauna was small but just felt amazing. The place was very clean and the staff was very friendly. The steam room burned my foot a bit while I used the cool shower and the steam started up again. Warnings should be put up or the steam grate replaced. It hurt! But no noticeable burn. The showers were large and had all the necessary items including supplies to use to get well prepared for any plans post spa use. The roman pool was large but with several groups, the space was tight. The granola, fruit, teas, juices, water, lounge area, cold towels etc just added to the amenities. The scent of the spa was fantastic. The highlight of the spa experience really was meeting Michelle, the manicurist. She did such a wonderful job. The best manicure I have ever had. Its been several days, many showers, few hours in the water at the Spa, a wild weekend in Vegas and not a single chip (and this is NOT shellac or gel). She was thorough, gentle, and fun to talk to. I highly recommend getting you manicure there.
4	Beautiful facility.  Very clean.  Relaxed atmosphere.  Well-stocked.  Michelle at the salon does an amazing job with manicures.  Highly recommended!
4	G and I came here to relax post-NAB.  We took advantage of some Spa Week deal and booked a pair of treatments each for $50 apiece.  We both got the Swedish massage and the Thai massage.The atmosphere was great: Relaxing, quiet, clean, and professional from the start.  It wasn't very crowded at all (we were in there on a weekday afternoon) so that may have contributed to my love of the atmosphere.  The private massage rooms were very quiet, and both of my therapists were skilled, responsive to my requests, and friendly.  Typically, after a massage starts, I go completely quiet, focused on relaxing, and they accommodated my desire for silence save some relaxing music.  The gal who checked us in was cognizant of cutting into our time and offered to settle up after our appointments.The shower was excellent--the shower head was adjustable from rain-style all the way to a hard massage.The co-ed spaces (lounge, pool) were clean, quiet, and mellow.  G and I must have spent 20 minutes after our treatments chilling on the couch in the lounge, sipping water and juice, and eating fruit.I used the steam room.  I like how loud the steam is coming out.  Can't see a damned thing, which in the guys' steam room is never a bad thing.Didn't try the pool or the jacuzzi but both looked fantastic.I imagine at full price that I'd maybe lower this a half-star for value reasons, but with a discount the value is totally there.  I'll go back if/when I get a chance.
5	This was my first Spa experience ever, so maybe I am a little biased, but it was AMAZING!Lucky me, I was staying at the Hard Rock Hotel for a couple of nights for my bachelorette weekend and my MOH treated me to a service here! I got the Royal Masque and Massage which was I think $130 (and all services also include a day pass), my girl got a similar service with a pear/apple scrub, and my other girl had the points of relaxation massage.They had the softest robes I have ever worn and they provided lockers to keep your belongings in and slippers for you to wear. They also have everything you need to get ready and to shower (razors, shampoo, blow dryers, you name it!) so when we came, all we really needed was our bathing suits.As for my service, I was a bit hungover and felt like death that morning, but I was able to make it to the Spa and afterwards I felt so much better! My therapist was professional and the room was very relaxing. I am someone who is sensitive to smells too (I can't really wear perfume, it gives me headaches) but my treatment smelled so good! Even while I was wrapped, my therapist gave my neck, face, and scalp a massage. Felt so good!After our services, my friend and I smelled good and our skin was so soft! I couldn't stop touching my skin! lol. We hit up everything in the spa (sauna, steam room, jacuzzi, and roman bath) and it just made me feel so relaxed! The ice cold towels were a nice treat to have in the jacuzzi and steam room, and their granola and juice options weren't too shabby!This makes me want to use any excuse to have another spa day with my girls. My birthday? Why not? Your graduation? Definitely! Hungover? Spa is the cure! What day is today? Monday? Massage Monday it is! lol, if I was ballin out of control, I would.
3	My husband and I were using timeshare points and stayed at the Wyndham Grand Desert so I planned to book a massage here because it is within walking distance from the Wyndham.  Luckily, I spotted a Travel Zoo offer for a Swedish massage (50 min)+mini-facial (30 min)+mimosa and use of the facilities all day for $89.  This spa is amazing and I have to say the services were all top-notch and this was a great deal BUT....I was not told that you are required to pay $40 in tips upon arrival (which was fine and frankly, I probably would have tipped more if it had not been "required.").  The spa itself is pretty amazing and I have partaken of many spa experiences in the Vegas strip hotels.  I felt very pampered and relaxed.  Both the aesthetician and the massage therapist were very skilled and made the experience one of total comfort.  My one and only complaint (other than being asked to tip up front) is what I feel was a little scam going on with regard to the Travel Zoo offer.  When I disrobed and got comfy for my massage, the therapist asked me to smell several different oils and asked me which one I would like for my massage.  I selected one and she quickly told me that it would be $20 additional.  I told her that was fine but I did ask her "What if I had told you I did not want to purchase the oil, what would you use for my massage???  Lotion?  Nothing at all?"  She told she had never experienced a refusal so she didn't know.  VERY WEIRD!!!!!  I thought this was a sneaky thing to pull and pretty low budget for a high-end spa.  In the long run, it was worth the trip this time but it is unlikely I will return because of the under-handed way they tried to pad the bill.  Like I said "low-budget."
1	I accidentally left a bracelet there and the staff just wouldn't put it in a envelope and mail it to me. It had to go through the business center, Which then they would email me paper work that I would need to print out and then fax back to them. The bracelet weights about 5 grams, and will take all of 1 minute to stick in an envelope and mail!Because of this I won't get services done there again. I can't stand it when someone just can't be helpful.
3	I dunno why, but I preferred the old spa.  Not sure if I'd go back.  It was crowded, the hot tub was a WARM tub and the showers didn't all work.  For the money, I think there are better spas in Vegas.  If you're staying at Hard Rock or get it for free, I'd go!
1	Almost forgot to post a review about this place till I saw another deal online for Hardrock Spa.Me and two of my girlfriends decided to treat ourself to the spa to take advantage of spa week in March for a deal that they do every year. We chose Reliquary Spa because the reviews on yelp were good and pic were nice.We got there and the staff member that showed us around the spa was very rude and that was just the beginning. We all got massages, while I was getting my massage I could fill the masseuse nails digging into my skin, when I let the room I notice I had deep scratch marks all over my arms and back I showed it to two staff members the first staff said "oh noo... Well we will be closing in 10 mins, okay?!" she didn't care. The second staff member I showed it to witch she claimed to be a supervisor said "on no... don't forget ladies we will be closing shortly". Let me start by saying when I booked my appointment no one inform me that when I booked my app for 6:00 or 6:30pm (don't remember witch time it was) that when they closed we had to be out. So we were getting ready to leave a doing our hair right when we got out of your treatments one of my girls said that we need to take out our things from the locker cause they were trying to clean up and close. Let me remind u this is less then ten mins after we got out of our treatment. First staff member that I told about my scratches she then came back 5 mins after being informed that we need to hurry said we have 5 mins left... Then I told the supervisor that we will be ready in 15mins she reply with "Mam, when u booked ur appointment you were told what time we close... Mmmm No I did not unless we wouldn't be having this problem right now, no one told me she then Apologize and said "we'll I have Employees waiting on you lady"...RUDE! One of my other girlfriend and no problem with her massage but left me and my friend because she felt VERY UNCOMFORTABLE! So on our way walking out we got stop by the cashier and my friend was told she need to pay $10 for a oil sent the masseuse used during her treatment that she was told was "free"... We are locals here and let's just say this place was not relaxing staff was very rude.  I wish I wrote this review right after my treatment so I would be able to give u better details... I wanted to give this place 0 stars but that's not a option on yelp to write a review. I would not recommend this Spa to anyone unless you don't like to relax or like to get treated rudely... Anyone that even brings up the word "Spa" I tell them about this experience.
2	Spa-love but treatment-meh experience here at the Reliquary.  Came by for a Rock Star 50 min massage (booked in advance of stay by 48 hours and got 20% off). Whole event set me back $120 w tip & wasn't worth it. Oh well.  Here's the skinny:+ Stars - Lovely facility.  Too bad whomever designed the spa didn't use same color palatte/vibe for the HRH tower rooms.  The spa interior is lovely, in tranquil grays, gray-cool whites, silvery toned reds and blues.  Reminds me of the Allsaints Spitslfields clothing stores.+ Stars - Nice staff.  But then again, every single person here at the HRH from the janitors to housekeepers to massage therapists are customer service wizzes.  Justin my massage tech was nice.- Stars - Short treatment.  50 min is not so long when it also includes the tech washing hands before and after in the room with you.  Great to be hygienic, but can I get 50 min of actual treatment?+ Stars - Relax areas.  As mentioned by others, there is a coed spa area (swimwear a MUST). Come early to enjoy free juice, fruit etc.- MAJOR stars - Sign here.... At the end of my treatment I am instructed to "sign the slip on the counter." ummmmm ok!?  Except that in the tip area it is already written in as 20% (no $ amount, just that percentage).  Not cool.  I don't think it was the therapist, I think it's the spa's policy.  When I checked out and the front desk girl confirmed the cost of the massage and the tip, I told her, no, that I wanted to designate the tip, and that I found it to be invasive to have the tip dictated to me.  This policy should be changed, and if any tip is "suggested" maybe it should be in line with the (mandatory?!! Which is lame btw) room service tip of 18%Side note: you have to sign in that you are at the spa (probably a disclaimer above it that anything that happens in the spa stays in the spa lol) and I was 8 that day.  When I left I was 8 out of 9; summary: not many other folks are dropping dough there either.All in all, if I were ever to come back here again, it would be for the spa.  I wouldn't get a service, at least not the way they have it set up now.  Too much for too little.
5	I got a facial here and it was by far the best facial I have ever gotten. I went to Glen Ivy after here and it was not even close to the same. The facility itself was spacious, clean, modern but comfortable, the blues and greens were pretty and the cabana's along side of the extremely large coed pool ( swimsuit required) were amazing. My facial was thorough, and I felt moisturized all night, something that does not happen anywhere else I go, especially in Vegas. Whitney had the best personality and explained everything she was doing. The lounge, was quiet and I did nit spend much time in there because I was seen right away. I did go into the jacuzzi which was large and had cold towels near by and there were ladies constantly making sure towels were stocked. I will go back here any chance I have.
1	This review comes really late, but I feel compelled to write about my experience with the HORRIBLE CUSTOMER SERVICE HERE! My husband purchased an hour long deep tissue massage, it was the last one of the day so that we could go and have dinner, gamble and go have some fun in the casino afterwards. The massage itself was good, nothing amazing but good. Here is the beginning of the bad..It was a little uncomfortable when the masseuse tried to sell me add ons (aromatherapy etc) and when I refused he actually huffed like he expected that I would be so cheap (nothing at the hard rock spa is cheap need I remind anyone), and then he cut my massage short by about 10 min because he said that they were closing and they needed to get things cleaned up.Of course I was upset, but Im not good with confronting people especially when not clothed!So I gathered my things, and went to sit in the jacuzzi tub before my shower...Here is the rest of the bad...The staff neglected to tell me that the spa was closing right after my massage, MEANING CLOSED TO EVERYONE...I didnt know that it would require me to quickly get clothed and get out!!!I had oil all over me, in my hair, and they wanted me to leave! If I had known this I never would have booked the last tx of the day! We were supposed to have dinner at the steakhouse and I didnt even have time to fix myself!At this point I refused to leave without at least taking a shower, but come on girls, who goes to hang out at the hard rock on a fri night without doing your hair, makeup etc???I was SOOOO Mad, and they didnt even care or bat an eyelash that I was paying for my service and they were SHOO-ING me out as I was buttoning up my clothes. The girl at the front said I could use the bathrooms  in the casino to finish getting ready!!!Are you kidding me??? I had to walk thru the casino with wet hair, no makeup, and use the public bathroom to try and fix myself!! Needless to say, it ruined my evening.I WILL NEVER GO TO THIS SPA AGAIN, AND I WILL TELL EVERYONE ABOUT THIS EXPERIENCE!!!
5	Talk about as good as it gets! I felt spoiled. The entire staff both at the front desk & inside the facility were so friendly. not dry or arrogant like many spas I've gone to. my facial was outstanding, best facial I've ever had. Now for the best part.... I had my hair styled for that night & it turned out perfect! If you have the chance pick Maria for your styling needs. she is highly talented & I walked out feeling & looking great!
5	We had a fantastic experience.  We went mid week and almost had the place to ourselves.  The man I had for massage was FANTASTIC, he really made me feel relaxed and comfortable.  It was our anniversary so they also brought us champagne to drink while we were waiting.  The steam room and sauna are some of the best I have experienced and there is a non-stop supply of drinks and snacks that are complimentary inside the spa.  Definitely plan to stay for atleast a few hours to take full advantage of the place.
4	I've been here several times with Travelzoo vouchers. They consisted of a massage and a mini treatment, and I've had both the mini pedi and mini facial. Booking via Travelzoo is easy and I like their deals. They currently do not have an app so you would need to print the voucher and give to the establishment to redeem. Reservations were straight forward and nothing eventful. On the day of my spa days, I greeted by the two reception people and they were very personable and friendly. I was instructed to go the the ladies gym area, where I was greet by the ladies' area attendant.  The attendant will give you a tour if you ask. The ladies' area has all the usual amenities, such as lockers, showers, toiletries, steam, sauna, sitting area. All amenities were great and nothing too complain about. The treatments: The massages I received were amazing. Sometimes I doubt the skill of hotel therapists but I've been impressed with theirs. I like deep tissue so when the therapists found my knots, they worked it out a little.  The mini facial was also relaxing and was pretty much a long face wash with mask and massage. The mini-pedi was disappointing because it was like a foot wash with 1 coat of polish  at the end. I would definitely come back.
3	We arrived 3min late and was quickly rushed in for a facial appt. I had a good experience but felt the facial seemed quick for a 50min session. I figured we were a lil late so they must of cut some time off. My sister was next to go and was on time. They picked her up at 12:10 pm and she came out at 12:50pm. I conclude their 50min facial is NOT 50min! I would not go back for a regular session, maybe if I got a better deal than the 30% local discount.
4	Sometimes you just need a naked rubdown... and this is a (legal) place to do it. (Note: I'm joking, keep your boxers on, people!)Things to know...-If you sign up for a players card, you can get 2-for-1 massage offers in their monthly mailer-Locals always get 30% off-Gratuity is already on the bill-Included in a massage is use of their pool, lounge and locker room. -Avg. 60 min massage runs around $150The massage itself was great. Th masseuse was a total pro and provided a completely relaxing experience, even while working out some crazy knots in my back. Chilling in the pool after and watching SportsCenter was icing on the cake. Def stop in if you're hurting in the HRH.
5	I was in Vegas at the Hard Rock for a conference (definitely not my first choice), and I decided to treat myself to a few hours at the spa. Left my last session at 5:15, and was booked for the "It's Raining In Paradise" and a 50min "All About Me" Massage for 6:00PM. When I checked in (5:30pm) the woman at the front desk was very pleasant, which was nice for a change! The facilities were spotless, and empty! I was the only one there the whole entire time, which was a little shocking. The design was great, like an old Roman Bath... and the steam room was enormous. The locker room attendant was very sweet and accommodating. There was a co-ed area, which looked really nice, but I didn't bring a bathing suit so no swimming around for me. After sitting in the steam room and showering, I went to appointment room to meet Julie, my provider. Julie was 5min early (as was I) so we started right away. During my body treatment, Julie listened to my needs and was always making sure I was comfortable/warm enough (since this was a Vichy shower treatment). I would have to say this is probably one of the best Vichy shower treatments I've ever had... other spas use the shower just to rinse or spray for 5 min, but not here! Julie mentioned she had been working in the business for 16 years, and you could tell she knew what she was doing. During the massage, I opted in for the extra Lemongrass aromatherapy ($20), since they use unscented oils. Julie always applied the right amount a pressure and really paid attention to the spots that needed extra work. I have to admit, I have received massages that last 60+ minutes for twice the price, and they didn't even compare to this! Pretty sure Julie has magic hands. All in all, I really do believe that this spa is a hidden gem in Las Vegas - especially for the price (not bad at all). Make sure you book with Julie, she's great!
4	I honestly waffled on the rating for the spa. The massage itself easily deserved a 5 or even a 6, if such a thing existed. It's probably the best massage I've ever gotten in Vegas.The spa itself was maybe a 2 or a 3, so I ended up just giving the whole experience a 4.There's a co-ed section here that consists of a giant pool/hot tub with really powerful jets and little daybeds on the side that have curtains that can close. It was nice when my wife and I went there and relatively relaxing.On the men's side of the spa I have to say I wasn't too impressed. The sauna/hot steam room was nice but other than that the only amenity was a smaller version of the hot tub that was in the co-ed area. And it was in a very dark little room off to the side next to the toilets. They had 3 showers in there and 2 were just normal showers and the 3rd was one of those with 5 jets but the main waterfall jet over your head didn't work.It was also not very relaxing. At least half the time I was in there the spa attendant and one of the other guys who was wandering around - literally - just naked with everything flapping in the breeze were both yelling and screaming and laughing with each other. It was very loud and annoying.We also ended up having to fight at the front desk when we checked out because the spa charged the wrong amount to our room. And then when they tried to justify it they couldn't find any reason why they'd charged us the wrong amount (we had a receipt for the right $$). Ultimately it worked out, but still annoying.
3	I am an avid spa go-er and Vegas is my favorite place to go and get pampered.  We were staying at the Hard Rock so we opted to get a couple's massage at the Reliquary. Their couple's massage is nice because you just pick any massage from their list of services and they will set you up in a couple's room.  Plus the spa does have a co-ed warm jacuzzi pool and co-ed lounge.  I got the deep tissue massage and it was very good.  The therapist listened to my needs and applied the appropriate pressure.  It is hard to get a good deep massage in Vegas (for some reason), but this place has a great one!  Beyond the massage the rest of the place is OK.  Like I said they do have the co-ed areas, which is nice to have, but not exactly luxurious.  The women's side of the spa had a tiny hot tub, a 2 person dry sauna and a large steam room. Everything was clean, but it was all small and kind of forgettable.  The locker room and shower area were adequate, but again nothing special.  They had the necessities and it was all nice enough.  However, they didn't have a swim suit dryer (which I found odd), just a big roll of plastic bags for you to take your suit home in.  Honestly, it was the only spa in Vegas I have ever gone to that I only saw 1 other person in the locker room (no where else).  The price was steep, but that is Vegas.  If you stay at the hotel they give you a coupon for $25 off a service or if you have their Backstage Pass (player's card) they give you 10% off.  I actually had a few gripes with the management at the Spa.  For one they did not call to confirm my appointment (I actually called to make sure they still had me on the books).  Secondly, they make you sign your receipts for payment IN the massage room (totally ruins the vibe).  And lastly, my biggest and most worrisome gripe was they over charged us.  Well I walked out with a receipt of the price I agreed upon, but then when I checked out there we charges from the spa that I did not make charged to my room.  NOBODY could tell me what they where or why they were there, but it took DAYS for them to remedy the situation - really left a bad taste in my mouth.  So if you stay in the Hard Rock and need a quick break, try a massage, but be sure to watch the bill!  It was OK, but if you really want a quality experience I suggest Caesar's Qua.
4	I scheduled a manicure not knowing that you have access to the dayspa... What a bonus!! The manicurist was a very sweet woman who gave me an extremely relaxing mani- and even suggested a color I hadn't tried before (sugar daddy...I usually go with mademoiselle) & it is so pretty. My cuticles look great and the spa is tranquil. Dry and wet sauna, hot tubs and a few lounges with snacks and drinks. Overall really nice experience.
3	Nice spa. I liked the jacuzzis, steam room, all the amenities, and overall service. My deep tissue massage was good-but not great. I like deeper, and there are only so many times you can ask  your masseuse to  "go harder" For the price and only being 50  minutes long, its quite pricey and my usual spot is $50 and much better. I get massages every week, I am a spa junkie. High end and low end... So, I know what I like and what a good massage is. But, you're paying for the ambiance here.  Which is good. Overall, a good experience. Also, at the end they mention that they add a 20% service charge ($31!) but you can opt to give a lower tip. Didnt want to act like a cheap putz, so my 50 minute massage ended up costing me nearly $200. Overpriced. Vegas in a nutshell. Oh, welllll... Definitely worth $25 to hang out in the spa and use the free razors. :)
4	Love this place. Have visited on two separate occasions, almost two years apart. The staff recognized me and treated me like an honored guest. Love the ladies spa, but love that there's a coed area too. Great massages and facials. The spa attendant is a very nice lady too. Book now!!
