5	Krispy Creme? Grocery store cakes?  Git ahta tahn.... when it comes to donuts, pastries, and cakes they don't hold a wisk to Lincoln Bakery in Bellevue (or most Western PA bakeries for that matter).  Their cakes hit the top of my list (with Edy's downtown coming in second).  The batter is light and moist while the icing is smooth -- not too sweet - not too 'lardy'.  By all means, feel free to give them a decorating challenge as their peeps got mad skillz.In my experience, Pittsburgh natives don't seem to realize how good their sweet tooths have it here, till they move away.  So, when I travel westward for the holidays I bring some Lincoln Bakery sweets along.I highly recommend their Burnt Almond Torte with either custard or lemon filling for nearly any occasion.  I get these for corporate gatherings often and they always go over well - and you know what they say about trying to please everyone!I'd suggest giving them a few days to a weeks notice as they keep pretty busy.(As a side note: though I rave about their donuts, pastries, and cakes.... for cookies I'd recommend Moi's Italian Bakery in Monroeville).
5	The Lincoln Bakery did my wedding cake - White cake, chocolate mousse filling, and buttercream icing... it was fabulous! We got so many compliments, not only did it look beautiful but it tasted great!
5	Quite possibly the best bakery in Pittsburgh.  It's got everything from the low-end (cookies, cupcakes, donuts) to the high (wedding cakes, tortes, tarts).  Make any special or large orders weeks in advance.  The tastiest wedding cake I ever sampled was from here: smooth buttercream icing with alternating raspberry and lemon filling in white batter.
4	In one word, unbelievable. Their cakes are incredibly delicious. Despite the 20 minute trip from my house, I purchase all my cakes from here. The cakes are incredibly moist and the butter cream icing is just the right amount of sweet. My favorite cake is a yellow cake with FUDGE icing (not chocolate but FUDGE)!! I've also had the raspberry filling and would recommend that as well. They are incredibly creative with their decorating of the cakes including wedding cakes but if you want something specialized (nonstandard icing, etc) be sure to call ahead and place your order in advance. Warning: Saturday mornings you will surely encounter a very, very long line whether picking up your order or just swinging by for some goodies. Even better than their cakes are their petit-fours (chocolate with chocolate icing or white with vanilla icing). I've ordered them for bridal showers or just stopped by to pick one up for myself. They are the perfect size for one person (if you aren't on a diet). They do sell out of these so place an order ahead of time if you want a large order or stop by early in the morning to make sure you can get them. I've gotten cookies from here and they were average. I think this is the best bakery in the Burgh for cakes but not necessarily all other pastries and breads. The only reason I didn't rate the bakery 5 stars is their customer service which is borderline horrific. They are never friendly and whether you are calling to place an order or standing at the counter, they just want to get the order taken and move on to the next person in line. The cakes are good enough that I put up with the service but be forewarned.
5	I love Lincoln Bakery so much.  We just got a birthday cake from here today, and everyone at the party loved it.  I seriously cannot believe how gorgeous it was.  For fall cakes and cupcakes, I can't even imagine anyone making anything prettier!  The icing is wonderful, although the colored icing is sort of bitter (but I think that is the case anywhere).  The white icing is just perfect and not too sweet.  When I told my neighbor that I was coming here tonight to pick up the cake, she immediately asked me if I had ever had the carrot cake.  Yes, I have, and it is amazing!  The burnt almond torte rivals Prantl's.  I think the girls who work there are so nice and helpful.  And I love all of the homemade candy that they sell.  It is just the sweetest local gem.  Love Lincoln Bakery.
3	Lincoln Bakery is yet another local bakery I've been meaning to try.  When a Google Offer came up, I took it so I would have no excuse to keep avoiding it.  The place has a nice neighborhood bakery feel; as I took in the many selections it seemed that everyone who came in was a regular.  There weren't many people when I was there (it was still relatively early) but I got the impression that at times there can be a line to the door.  One thing that I didn't like was although they had many pastries to choose from, nothing was labeled.  So I had to keep asking what things were.  The cinnamon roll was okay, nothing spectacular.  But the pastries I got were very good.  I'd recommend checking it out.  I know if I'm ever in the neighborhood I will stop in for a treat myself.
4	Lincoln Bakery is great.  My family has been ordering cakes from here for years, and I always request one for my birthday each year.  We probably order about 10 cakes a year from Lincoln Bakery, and often it's the same one:  the simple and delicious chocolate cake with chocolate icing.  If you like chocolate cakes, try it, and I bet you'll like it.
3	Cookies aren't bad.  Haven't had a reason to buy cakes or other pastries.  Staff is friendly and it smells like heaven.
5	My daughter CAN'T pass by here without asking to get something.  All I can say is you had better bring your sweet tooth!
4	Lincoln Bakery makes very delicious donuts, pastries, and desserts. Their bread selection, however, was very limited and upon making our choice the quality of the bread was mediocre. We were also disappointed that many of the things in the shop are not labeled and when the store is busy it can be difficult to find staff to explain what different options are. Still, this should be a go to for a local bakery if you are looking for something sweet.
5	I ordered a cake for a baptism. I did a search on the best tasting cake around Pittsburgh and after reading reviews, Lincoln bakery was the one we had to try.I called them a week ahead, they told me the design they would do and after seeing some pictures on their Facebook page I trusted it will work out so I went ahead and ordered it. It was a big hit! Some of my family members were getting seconds. The cake wasn't too sweet and the icing not too "buttery". I will have to say that next time I need a cake I will order from this bakery, and maybe try some of the other things they carry in their store.
1	Got a key lime pie from this place. It was horrid. Icing was stale cake thick, crust was not even crunchy or had taste, and the key lime was weak. Pie looked it it was sitting out for a day or 2.
