4	A coworker recommended this place and I'm glad she did. This place offers solid, delicious take out.I've tried their meatball sandwich, grilled chicken sandwich, and calzones. The only disappointments I've had were: no sandwich rolls one night and poor quality chicken on the sandwich. However, it was still delicious.I can't speak of the actual restaurant (apparently it's full of hunky dudes?), but I've had great experiences with Brioni To Go. Great Italian grub in the desert.
4	First off a confession: I've never stepped foot inside of Pasta Brioni. But I've been getting taking out from the joint since, literally, the day I moved into my house. I stick to the basics--a nice pollo con penne dish and a white pizza. I like it. The delivery is quick in the neighborhood and the drivers are always cute. I'd choose Brioni's over any chain any day, but I'm that sorta gal.
4	My go to for weekend dinners. It's quick when you call in, and the food is great for a take out place. I've never been to the restaurant side but it always seems to have a decent amount of people in it
4	I give four stars for food only. The atmosphere is low budget and old. Small decent patio on good for good weather months. That being said, the food is out of this world. If you want a sandwich, get the meatball or the grilled chicken. All pasta dishes are as good as you will find. Bread is made in house, even for the sandwiches. Oh, and by the way, 2 slices or pizza and a drink is a lunch deal for $4.50. Damn good pizza.
3	The food is good, better than most places, the pizza is really heavy on sauce and cheese, if you like that... I prefer mine a little lighter.  The food isn't the issue here, the service is.  They have messed up my order twice, once sending a totally different pizza, the other forgetting items.  For the price, which is higher than most, you would expect better... That being said the pasta dishes I have ordered have been good and large enough to eat all week!  They delivered my food but couldn't figure out my apartment gate code so I had to go down in pj's and get it... Kinda defeats the purpose to the point a bit... But overall if you want more than just pizza, order here.  Negatives:  they close very early, the white pizza they sent me instead of the one I ordered was disgusting... Clumps of ricotta cheese...? Positives: the capellini pomodoro is great!!! Cannoli was great, the flour-less chocolate cake not so much... Lots of vegetarian options.  They really should stay open later for delivery!!!
3	Where do you go when you 1) want artisan pizza, 2) don't want to pay for artisan pizza, 3) are ok with not actually having "artisan" pizza as long as it's not a goopy mess and delivery is available? This place! We are very fortunate to live about a mile away from Pasta Brioni and that they deliver decent non-commercial Italian food for a reasonable price. The food is good, for all that the word "good" encompasses. The portobello salad is actually quite tasty, and the ravioli appetizer is definitely a guilty but delicious indulgence. However, we alway crave their pizza on lazy Sundays when we don't want to cook or really make an effort to go somewhere (there is usually football watching involved). The pizza is really good - a tad greasy for my taste, but the quality is terrific for the price. For about $16, you can get a huge margherita or 4 cheese (oh my Gogonzola!) at your doorstep in an hour. Ok an hour seems like a while for one pizza, but we've already admitted to the laziness...so we suck it up and bide our time with beer.Definitely recommend a quality, small local joint like this over ANYTHING with a coupon in the Sunday paper.
5	I ended up here for a quick bite and loved the service, the cute patio, and the casual atmosphere. It turns out the white pizza is great and an incredible bargain at ten bucks for a large. I have been back twice in the last couple of weeks and will make this a regular spot. The more formal Pasta Brioni next door has the same great food in a more romantic setting with a beautiful patio as well.
2	This was my first time ordering from Brioni To Go.  I ordered the Spaghetti & Meatballs.   The meatballs were very hard and the servings size was just ok.  I was still hungry afterwards!  And the No Flour Chocolate Cake was over-priced for such a small slice.  All in all I was not impressed.  I will give them one more try because I want to try the Meatball Grinder!  If that fails to impress then I am done with this place...
