3	Here's a new Cuban Buffet!  :-))    It just opened, so Mike C. & I dropped in to give it a try.  I'm 1/2 Cuban, & I grew up on some of this stuff, so that added to the fun for me.  There were 36 main trays of food out today, starting with regular salad items, as well as fruit treats including papaya, coconut, guava, cottage cheese (with pieces of apple, pineapple, papaya, & peaches in it), plus fresh (not canned) pineapple slices, & more.Over at the hot table, there was white rice, beef & potatoes stew, yellow rice with chicken, seasoned ground beef with olives, roast pork, meatballs, & other dishes.  There were dessert things too, tasty homemade potato chips, & more.There's also a regular menu available here, & at night it turns into a dance club with Cuban music & so on.  It's not a fancy place, but I think it's "A-OK"!Lunch Buffet $7.95
4	This place was kind of drab it looked more like a bar then a restaurant.The three old buffet lines were lined up in front of the stage area. The buffet was not quite ready when we got there because the cook was in some kind of accident and the owners were putting the buffet together. well they did a very good job of it the food mostly Cuban was excellent .And the staff (owners i think) were very friendly.I do not no what they call a lot of there dishes but if you go there your going to leave with a belly full of good food.  yay!! I am a big fan
5	I stopped in for some lunch take-out and ordered a Cubano (a famous Cuban grilled sandwich with roast pork, ham, pickles, mustard and cheese) with tostones (crispy fried plantains). it took about 5 minutes. FANTASTIC! The bread was pretty close to Cuban bread (best I've found in AZ), the pork was very fresh (most restaurants use the 'old' pork for the sandwiches). The tostones were golden brown and delicious, crispy, yet tender at the same time. The sandwich also came with homemade potato chips!The place's MO is buffet: roast pork, fried chicken, picadillo, ropa vieja, congri, moros, and to my suprise, arroz con gandules. There was also a fesh fruit and salad bar. They also offer an a la carte menu including appetizers (tostones, maduros, yuca, papa rellena, croquetas, and tamales), several sandwiches, and entrees like oxtail and bistec encebollado.AZUCAR is tucked into a Mesa strip-mall north of US 60 and west of Country Club, behind a Burger King. It may be hard to find, but it is worth seeking out.
4	So glad I went here for dinner tonight! The cuban sandwich was DELICIOUS! The tostones and yucca were also really good. The portions were very generous and the price was extremely reasonable. Will definitely be back!
5	After my last very disappointing experiences at Mimita's, I had become afraid to stick my neck out on new Cuban restaurants, and so came to my favorite Peruvian restaurant in the valley.  Alas, they are no more, and here stood Azucar in its place.  I was tempted to turn around, but couldn't resist popping in, as I was determined to find out what a Azucar was.The lay out is so far the same as when this was the Peruvian place, with a largish dance floor on the left side of the restaurant, some booths and tables very spread out in a pretty large space, couple flat screens with direct tv, a nondescript bar.  An interesting feature Alan, the owner told me, is that on Fridays at 5pm they intend to drive traffic by bringing in antique cars (aren't I so punny) by our standards and common cars in Cuba.  So expect an interesting vehicle exhibition on Fridays after work!Yelena [sp?], co-owner and wife of Alan, was a charming and knowledgeable introduction to Azucar.  She made me a Mojito, 3.50 to drink, which I was satisfied by but wouldn't say it stood out.  But the papa rellenas was my first appetizer, and it was a very tasty version, crispy on the outside, pillowy on the inside with steam rising when punctured with a fork, and the ground beef mixture inside was seasoned nicely too.  It wasn't a very large portion, but for 2.50, you shouldn't expect to get huge apps to share anyways.However, the main highlight was my entree.  Brilliantly roasted pork, with a nice heavily seasoned near-crust like texture on the outside, ridiculously succulent and juicy meat on the interior.  Not light on the garlic for the garlic haters out there, though thankfully I am not such a creature.  The rice that came with it was fine, but the black beans... wow!  So rich, and when poured over the rice, would have been a tasty meal on its own.  Cooked with pork skin, a sliver of pork skin found its way into my bowl which, though soft and lacking the texture you're used to with pork skin, was another delicious treat.  This entree for 8.99 also came with a side salad that was nothing special, but made a refreshingly light contrast to the heavy and rich foods mentioned above.    I'm in love with this place and will definitely be here at least once a week.  I'll be the guy at the bar that stares at all the food leaving the kitchen.  In fact, Yelena caught me staring at the home-cooked potato chips and let me try some- delish as well!  You'll love this place!
4	Azucar- sugar?  I was slightly confused about the restaurant name as we entered, since we didn't really see anything sugary in the menu.  Maybe it's a reference to sugary drinks they might serve? (e.g., mojito, cuba libre)Ate here for dinner and had some ropa vieja.  It was decent, a little tough though, and lacking in flavor compared to the side dish of black beans that came with it.  The black beans actually were the stand out of the entree- they had a deep smokey flavor that is reminiscent of really good feijoada.  I tried some of the Cuban sandwich, and it is probably the best Cuban sandwich I've had so far.  Perfectly crispy outer bread layer with delicious ham and pork.  They have a lunch buffet here that I would like to try so I can sample more of the different dishes that they have to offer.
3	Unfortunately, Azucar no longer serves the lunch buffet.  It's a loss for the Valley.    :-(
1	I was excited to try this place out especially because I'm all about mom n pop type places. Its also down the street from my office so I was hoping to find a great new lunch place. First time I went with a co-worker the restaurant was open but you wouldnt have been able to tell from the inside. It was darker than a night club inside and they weren't "ready" to serve only but a few things off the menu. The poor waitress was inexperienced, and surprisingly had very little knowledge of Cuban food and had to keep running to the back to ask questions. We decided to leave and try somewhere else and maybe come back when they were more established. I ended up coming back a few weeks later with another friend and tried the buffet and was less than impressed. Pretty much typical buffet- a bunch of mediocre food with little flavor. The fried food that should have been light and hot was cold and greasy. My dreams of yummy sweet and slightly salted tostones were crushed because of course they didnt serve them on the buffet (really?) and again the place was still not prepared to service patrons. We had to ask for place settings, and there were several dishes with no serving spoons (I wasn't sure if they wanted you to use the same spoon for multiple items, but um no thanks). The one thing that was actually good were the black beans- nice smoky flavor, but unfortunately for me that's probably the last item when I think of Cuban food I actually really care about. Too bad there's not much that's sweet about Azucar.
4	"Azucar!" is a cuban interjection to express joy. It was popularized by the iconic Celia Cruz. Had dinner there last night, i ordered Ropa Vieja. The food was outstanding. It is not the strong invasive flavor of Mexican food, but a mellow Cuban taste. No spicy allowed. Which is great.The portion size was the right one to left you not completely full, but satisfied. The price was also a highlight. I was there with a meetup and we were about 50 people. The service got overwhelmed, but they deliver regarding flavor and dispositions to help.At little bit past 9pm they started the music. Good old tropical music, salsa and similar tunes.I'm coming back with a small group, on by my own to have lunch on a weekend. It is a must.
5	Love it, love it, love it!!!! There are many Cuban restaurants in AZ, but this is by far my favorite!! I'm a picky Dominicana, who loves her tostones crisp and her rabos encendidos flavorful and Azucar passes the test!
2	I didn't want to cook so I had my husband drive down to Mesa about 16 miles.  I waited for the waitress and finally went to the counter to find out if the orders had to be submitted at the counter.  The waitress apologized and came to our table.  She gave us menus and when I had questions about the dishes, she informed me that she was alone taking care of the tables and therefore was rushed.  After ordering, the food came out looking fine until I tasted it.  The food was lukewarm if not cold.  The black beans were more cold than warm.  I felt terrible that I dragged my husband out for this uninspired cold meal.  My food was not bad, but I wouldn't do it again.  By the way, green plaintains are supposed to be flattened until thin--that makes them crispier.  Another lesson for the cook.  It's too bad.. the place probably has potential.I am an amazing carribbean cook.  I don't know why I bothered going out to eat.  A break for moi perhaps?
3	This was the first of four places I attempted to go to for dinner last night. It is right across the street from the motel I always stay at and I've been meaning to try them since last summer. I drove over there to find they are now out of business with a sign up advertising the place going in next. I snoozed, I loozed. The second place was supposed to be open till 8:30pm according to their Yelp listing, but was closed when I got there a few minutes after 8.The third place, Omega Gyros, highly recommended on Yelp, was also out of business. FML.I finally ended up at Yogi's Grill, in Riverview Center.  Thank goodness they were open!I have no idea when this placed closed or why, since their reviews were so good.
4	The rice with chicken I got today was amazing! My food came out hot and smelled wonderful! The staff was friendly and kept me updated on the status of my food while I waited.  I will be back!
4	Someone here mentioned they are out of business. Not so. We just ate there a couple of hours ago. They did *look* like they were out of business. When we pulled up there was only one car in the parking lot. But checking the door we discovered they were open for business, just slow at the time. We were greeted and seated right away. Very friendly service from start to finish. The server kept bringing stuff for my little son unasked. The food was also good. Maybe not quite as good as the Havana Cafe that used to be in Ahwatukee (I have not tried the Camelback location), but a lot less expensive. I had the Cuban Sandwich. Yummy! My wife had Ropa Vieja with rice and fried plantains and she liked it very much. My stepson had Chicken Habanero. He liked it, but wished he had ordered it spicy instead of mild. In all, very good food. Oh, the appetizer, chicken turnovers, was great, if expensive for the portion.I'm glad we stopped in today. This is almost walking distance to my house, so I am sure we'll be back.
4	after sometime of hearing about this place i thought id give it a try.. first of all it was a little difficult to find because it is tucked away in a corner, when we first walked in the server greeted us and sat us down right away, she was very nice. now the food wasnt out of this world but it was really good and something different, if your tired of mexican food and want to try another hispanic food you should def try this place, not only is the food good but the ambience is very comforting and the staff is very nice as well
3	Azucar has moved to 5004 S. Price Rd., in Tempe.     :-)
