5	Todd is the best trainer! He'll work you hard but you'll get amazing results!!
5	What a GREAT place to workout!! After trying different gyms and camps Studiofit far exceeds others. This is the only place to get the results you truly are looking for. The workouts are challenging and change daily but you know you are achieving your goals after each workout. The trainers Todd, Leslie, and Hayden are amazing and actually care that you see results. They make things entertaining!! Highly recommended place!! Try it and talk to any of the members and you will feel the buzz and excitement from all members! Thanks Studiofit for the phenomenal results!!!
1	I joined Studio Fit on a 6 month membership and specifically mentioned some physical limitations that might preclude me finishing my membership. I was told at that time, there would be no problem canceling.The energy was good, nice people working out and a good trainer. After a couple of months, management changed and so did the overall climate.  The personal attention was not as good and despite my request for modifications, 60-80% of all workouts involved some form of squat or lunge--too painful for my knees which continued to worsen.The "gym" is not set up for easy workouts on your own. Group training is what they do best and it's the only way to really get your money's worth if you do join.After 7 months, i gave my 30 day notice of cancellation.  No one said a peep except that my knees should NOT be hurting me (Okay thanks doc!).After leaving, my credit card continued to be billed. I spoke to an extremely unprofessional woman in the administrative offices who clearly knew nothing about the membership deal I signed up for with the current owner's ex partner.  I requested a copy of my contract and found that they had fraudulently forged my initials onto the contract.  There was no way they would recognize my 6 month contract and insisted i was liable for 12 months whether I came or not.  There was never any attempt to be professional, courteous or show any signs that they actually cared about their customer service, strange for such a customer focused industry.  I alerted my credit card as well as Studio Fit. I have difficulty being upset with the trainer who signed me up. Clearly the management at this organization is a mess, and I felt that he needed his job too much to rock the boat, still he could have behaved with more integrity.Despite letters, and disputing my credit card charges, Studio Fit continues to charge me for a service i never signed up for, and now am not using.  My credit card company will back charge them, which will end up costing them, simply because they have no customer service skills.  I will also report them to the better business bureau, and have considered reporting them to the police for fraud in forging my initials.  Even my credit card acknowledged that was not my signature in the initialing.This is a place that has great potential. But with arrogant, unprofessional management and the inability to handle a simple issue with a customer in a manner that would help me to continue to refer people to them, I can only hope that they get what they deserve. There are too  many good programs and gyms out there.  Studio Fit will never be one of them.
5	This gym is amazing. The workouts focus on High Intensity Interval Training, which is designed to give you the maximum calorie burn. Each work out is different and they are never boring. (They are also never easy!) I have been a member for almost a year and every workout comes with variations. There are modifications for easier and more difficult moves. When my lower back bothers me, I have always been given another modification or another exercise. But what really sets this place apart are the people. Both the trainers and the clients here are great. Everyone works together to motivate each other. If I miss a class I usually attend, people notice! There are family workouts on Sundays, and they often have events ranging from kickball to running club. They encourage the whole family to be active together.
5	StudioFIT is an excellent gym. The trainers are knowledgeable and personable as well. They will work with you, modifying any particular exercise to suit your activity level and/or physical limitation. Being a very active person, I've had my share of injuries, resulting in two knee surgeries and a shoulder surgery. The trainers at StudioFIT will often tell me the modification of a certain prescribed exercise before I get a chance to even ask. They get to know their clients on a personal level and truly care about them. This is a WOD (workout of the day) based gym. There are specific class times. However, the gym is open from 5:00am-8:30pm. If you can't make it to a class, you  are more than welcome to come in when you can and a trainer will walk you through the workout. As stated in previous reviews, the clientele are as much a part of what makes StudioFIT great as the trainers are. The atmosphere is fun, supportive and positive. The trainers make a point of introducing new members and the clientele make a point of welcoming them.
