3	I may have caught it on a bad night, but I thought that Devil's was just okay. I have some friends that loooove this place, and I can see the potential for a great time . . . if it isn't quite so crowded. The line outside kept me waiting for twenty minutes during an uncharacteristically chilly Scottsdale evening. Once I got inside, it wasn't much better. I shelled out my ten bucks at the door and had to push my way through crowds to pay too much for a bottle of Corona and then try to find my friends that were already there. I guess you can't blame them for being popular, but, atleast on that occasion, it wasn't my scene.
3	Average Scottsdale crowd, and an average time here.  We went here again on a Saturday night.  We waited over 30 minutes in what I can only imagine was an artifical line that seemed to ebb and flow inexplicably quick.  Some loser dude here bought a girl in our group a cheapo WELL drink, so beware of these fools.  Maybe it was an isolated incident, who knows.  They have a dress code (no flip flops, dress to impress), which keeps the riff-raff out. Drink orders were taken by one woman bartender in a bizarre assembly-line fashion - taking the easy way out and paying no attention to patrons who arrived WAY before others.  Sorry to tax your short-term memory bartendress!Women with generic tastes in music (think Top 40 jamz on the radio) and generic tastes in atmosphere (think white rentable cabanas and platform blocks on the dancefloor) will probably like it.  People who care for quick service, unique music, or a place with character probably won't care for it.  Warning to all guys out there - they will charge you $10 cover just for being male, while ladies are free.  Kind of lame (and possibly illegal?) since there are plenty of bars in the area that don't charge cover, esp. based on gender.
5	Ah, Devil's.  The perfect combination of Scottsdale snobby mixed with drunken, shameless debauchery.  I love this bar.  Let me tell you why.A)  The Girls bathroom.  God bless it, there are at least 10 stalls, each with seperate full length doors, and a bathroom attendant in the main part.  A giant full length mirror, plenty of sinks and enough hair spray to get you through the night and all of the next day too.  The line?  It moves fast and you can watch the boys while you wait.  B)  I have never ever been sober here.  Drinks are average for Scottsdale but for some reason they just TASTE better at Devils. Especially during HH on Thursdays or before 10 (I THINK) on Fridays where its two-for-one.  If you leave here sober, its your own fault.  C)  The crowd.  Yes, its crowded...with people I LOVE.  Devil's goers arent pretentious like the ones you'd find scoffing at everyone at Six or Dirty Pretty, they are all there for the same thing--to get bombed and make out with someone.  And theres nothing wrong with that.  Girls (and some bonehead guys from out of town) dance on a handful of platforms on the dance floor, but there are also two other rooms to flirt your way through.  The ceiling opens up when its not a billion degrees out and its fairly easy to reserve a table and get bottle service for those nights youre feeling VIP.  D) The music doesnt suck.E)  Girls dont pay cover, and guys dont pay before 10.  If you cant afford ten freaking dollars to get into a bar, guys, you shouldnt be in Scottsdale.  Its as simple as that.  Even the hell hole that is Mickey's Hangover charges $5 to get in...girls included.  WTF?  F)  No matter how drunk you get and how stupid you act, there is someone whos more drunk and more stupid.  And no one cares because everyones a drunken idiot and we've all been there.  Want a Scottsdale scene without the judgemental BS?  Come play at Devil's.
4	On a more positive note, here is one club I do enjoy.  Now, I used to go all the time when I was single and only been once since the remodel, but  I dig the set up (spacious rooms, 4 bars, a designated area for smokers, vip seating not too far detached from everything, the crowd isn't so bad either, the ladies bathrooms rock, no cover for ladies, $10.00 for guys after 10pm). Unfortunately, I've been noticing more and more lately how bad the music is they play there.  It used to be more of a combination of things (rock, hip/hop, rap, house), but it seems to be mostly rap/ hip/hop now and I'm not a fan.  Either way, I have to give it 4 stars.  It's been consistent, and I've had a lot of fun there.  If my friends and I have trouble deciding on a place, we usually always end up here (or Devils North, or Barcelona)
2	I went to a fight and a bar broke out. First time here. With friends after work. Two steroidy, tanned, Max Headroom look alikes get into a major brawl at the table next to us. Seriously. Blood splattered on the wall. Bouncers descended on the unruly cardboard heads like old ladies at the clearance rack at Last Chance. Quickly. And with force. Second time here. I'm on stage emceeing a male model search contest. Rinse. Repeat.Yes, two steroidy, tanned Max Headroom look alikes get into a major brawl right by the stage. I hardly noticed until I felt a spilled Long Island Ice Tea seep into my Kenneth Cole monk shoes. And then I saw the bouncers DRAGGING the two lug nuts outside with a trail of blood on the floor.So if you want average drinks with outdated decor and a frat mentality this is SO your place. Otherwise you can witness similar fighting, on your sofa, with a cheap beer, while watching a hockey game. Cheers!
3	This place is like a blank canvas for you to paint your evening on. You really get out of it what you put into it. In and of itself, this place is just an average bar. It's kinda neat and it kinda has a theme and the layout is kinda good enough for you to kinda be able to wander around looking for your friends, a hookup or a fight. A few facts: I've been here several times, and it's never been apeshit busy. I never had to wait in line to get in. If there is ever a line here, I just keep on moving. I typically find a decent place to sit. I've never met anyone here that I would want to continue to know beyond that. I've always come here with a group of people, and it was never my idea to go.I tend not to drink when I come here, but I think about the only thing I've had here is an Appletini years ago - also the only place I've ever had one of those. They put a little thin apple slice on top and I thought that was the coolest thing. I found out later just how not special that was - and that I was about one Appletini away from getting a boyfriend and matching fanny packs. So funny the idea that a drink can "make you gay" - like it's a magic potion or witches brew or something. Honestly, I don't know anyone who drinks those anymore - gay or straight. As a rule, I don't drink any martinis anymore - I just detest the shape of the namesake glasses they come in.But I digress... I've had some decent times here, but still these days I'll go out of my way to not go here. The only compelling reason to come here would be me and the company I bring - and I'd rather take my friends somewhere cooler. Devil's is a bit of a meet market and the atmosphere does lend itself to scamming, so if that's what you're looking for...I do hear about fights happening here quite a bit - a good friend of mine got blitzed here one night and almost got into a fight with another patron - took his shirt off, threw his arms out and bobbed his head even - he ended up punching a cop instead and wound up going to prison. Good times.
3	This location so far exceeds its pint-sized half-brother up north, its hard to beleive they came from the same mother.  If going to an Old Town dance factory is an inescapable 'must', then this place isn't so bad you'll be wishfully glancing at your watch for the world to end.  The music is current-ish, but they have a case of the mash-ups, which can be thoroughly annoying.  When will DJs learn that this format sucks?Once upon a time, DM used to place cocktail glasses of complimentary loosies up on their bartop.  THAT was impressive.  F'ing smoking ban.  The only extraordinarily annoying likelyhood  is a velvet rope line, but the few times I've been there was with some swingin dicks who enjoyed greasing the bouncers.  So, this is always a possibility if it comes to that, i.e., get cool friends.  Cover is kinda expensive at 10 Deutschmarks, but still cheaper than most places in Scottsduh.
1	This place is a joke!!! The staff is not friendly and slow to take an order. The music was awful...get a better DJ and it was basically a meet maket for horny old men. And the women seem to only want to compare boob jobs. I'll never go to this place again and if a reader is smart  they'll stay away too.
4	I was a bit surprised to see so many lack luster reviews on this place. I went last night a had A BLAST!!!!! there was no wait to get in but a reasonable crowd. The music was awesome and it was a perfect night to get my groove on.I will qualify this review by saying that I am not a club goer....in fact, I avoid them like the plague they are just not my thing. However the boss is in town and taking us out, so who am I  to turn down a free night on the town???So after hitting a few other bars, we came to Devil's Martini. Sure it's Scottsdale-everyone there is hot hot hot-may be3 unattractive people. There was the requisite attitude, but no one was unfriendly so the vibe was perfectly acceptable. The bartenders were friendly and efficient and I was digging the DJ. My highlight were these two ladies who were WORKIN the stripper poles. They provided awesome entertainment. So to sum it up, good tunes, good buzz, good crowd and I got my moves on while watching girls on poles......if it's like this all the time, I may have to change my attitude towards clubs. LOVED it!
1	I cant imagine hell to be much different
4	I'm pretty sure this is the place I went to back in June.  I liked it, crowded just right, not to the point where you can't move around. Hell we even found a place to sit.  Multiple rooms with hip decor.  I guess I went on a good night.
4	I came here for the Pink House Treasure's fashion show and I absolutely loved the DJ.  I also loved the outdoor patio... it was cute, cozy, and had these hip white sofas that you could sit on and look up to see the stars.  AZ central was there taking pictures and there was an on site photographer who took pics and uploaded them to the flat screens around the club so you could see what was going on.All in all a great night!
3	If I ever turn into a cougar like the ones I saw last night, kill me and be quick about it.  I would rather be a cat lady than humiliate myself by throwing myself at younger guys just to get my freak on.Honestly, if I weren't with the awesomest group and helping to celebrate my best friend's birthday, my rating would be more in the one and a half to two-ish range because yeah, I've had better and I have no patience for drama.I'll give them the musack - it was a pretty good (if strange) mix and at any point you could hear Missy Elliot, Lynard Skynyrd, and Benny Benassi one right after another.  The bartenders I encountered were nothing but nice to me, although I've heard quite a few stories to the contrary.But c'mon, $8 for a weak-ass drink?  The reisling I had at Bloom was stronger than what I had last night, and for a freakin' $8, I'm expecting at least a slight buzz.  And for a lightweight like me, that's saying a lot!The bathroom was a congregation of drama queens crying out their boy problems while a bored attendant sat on a stool making it quite clear she wished she were somewhere else.At least I got to spend  the night with some of the best dance freaks I know, and even did quite a bit of shakin' myself.  OWwww!
3	I would really give this like a 2 1/2 but its all good. There is nothing wrong with this place at all.  Went with a bunch of friends we had a good time as we danced until closing.  The problem is it is just well... eh.  Most clubs are.  It is just  a place to go and hang out and get drinks.  Nothing stands out about this place good or bad except maybe the white couches out on their porch in front.  i would like to see this place with the open roof fo sho so I plan on hangin some more and will go back, but it is just another place.... to me.
3	A good place to hang out and see what unfolds.  Perhaps you have a different perspective if you're from out-of-town - you just want to have a good time.  One of the bartenders, Gabe, is fun & attentive. Sometimes the crowd seems a bit younger.  Otherwise, my friends & I have always enjoyed ourselves.
2	I was literally at Devils Martini the day it opened.  This place started out as a lounge for people their mid 20's to early 30's with an LA (think Sky Bar) feel. They had no dance floor. It was a lounge designed for classy people based on a Toronto concept.  It was wonderful. They had great drinks and food. The staff was friendly, classy and intelligent. Then they sold out and turned the place into a club in 2004/2005, it changed it's approach and tried to compete with Axis Radius, and Mist as a club. They opened that huge room and turned it into a dance floor. The service also became snobby and they hired some yutz who worked at Gucci to be the door man and act prestigous.  As the years have progressed, the crowd continues to get younger.  Now it's almost exclusively ASU students who are under 25 coming there to get trashed and dance. Someone accidentally spilled part of a drink on my wife and never apologized or said anything in that typical ASU sloppy stoned college mentality.  Not suprisingly, the guy wanted to fight me (yawn)...  After that moment, I realized what this place had become: CLUB RIO except dress it up and make the ASU students wear long sleeve shirts and leave their baseball hats at home. If you are like me and want a place in which you know the guys are not going to hold drinks above their heads and stick their other hand in the air, go to Suede, Six, PCL and Dirty Pretty.  Unfortunately, the ASU crowd has taken over this place and what class this place once had is completely gone. It's basically a Tempe club transplanted to Old Town.
3	This place is never consistent. Besides the fact that there are overly pretentious people swarming all over the club, I usually enjoy my nights here. The bartenders are usually friendly (depending on the night that I go) and are prompt with their service, and the music ranges from mediocre to enjoyable, but when you are drunk (and I assure you the Tokyo Teas that I order are made extremely strong) you don't pay attention to the sordid details.However, although I like to frequent places that are packed, I don't like being on a sweaty dance floor. I don't enjoy being elbowed by horny guys that are grinding with their equally horny counterparts (it happens to the best of us...), and I don't enjoy spilling my drink on the already sticky floor. I have fun when there's a reasonable amount of people flocking to the dance floor, without suffocating and pushing through people to get out and get a gulp of fresh air.However, I give it the A-Ok. If you're surrounded by your closest friends, and you want to be immersed in a crowd of beautiful people, then I definitely say go for it!
4	Or Blackout Centrale, as I like to refer to it.  This place is notorious in my book for the fact that every time I've ever gone, I have lost patches of time in the ol' memory bank.  I blame the 2 for 1 drink specials that they always seem to have going on.Have you ever heard the "I'm a big douche at the scottsdale bars" on youtube?  Well Devil's is definitely full of big douches and the scene is very scottsdaley.  But I never have a complaint because, let's face it, I usually can't enunciate very well when I'm there.Anytime the weather isn't *too* bad they have nice outdoor seating and the layout of the place makes it possible to get away from dancing tools.  But if you go, figure out a way to get home other than driving yourself.
4	First, you should know that the four stars I'm giving this place is based off my one and only visit.  Second, I went with a purpose, too see a fashion show.  Third, they had freakin' .25 well drinks, thats 25 CENTS!  Um, I should probably give 5 stars for that alone, especially since I took advantage of it.  But, I have the feeling that if all the above were taken out of the equation I would only give Devil's a 3.  So, here's the deal.  After a couple hours of 25 cent vodka waters (yes, I know it's kinda lame) I was having a great 'ol time.  Who wouldn't?  The place even has cool spots to sit and lounge a bit with your friends.  Most places have nowhere to sit unless you have bottle service or VIP.  When drinks are this cheap, you need a damn place to sit every now and then. The dance floor wasn't packed until later in the evening and then I remember it got really crowded.  Although, it could be that my eyes were no longer able to focus on one thing, thus making it seem like there was a whole lot more people to look at.  I vaguely remember what the dj was playing, but I know I had a good time dancing to it.The bartenders were nice girls and attentive.  I guess Devil's has been really slow, so the 25 cent thing is a ploy to attract more people.  Go and tip big, since you're only paying 25 feakin' cents a drink.  In the end, I wouldn't make this one of my usual weekend hangouts.  It was cool, but mostly because I was with cool people and over-served.  Why am I giving it 4 stars then?  I have no idea, I just am.
2	(+) es No line $5 cover charge Friendly bartenders Spacious dance floor DJ played - Here come the hot steppers! Ladies room has attendant & plenty of stalls Plenty of seating Big screen TV outside to catch the game (-) es Weak drinks Crowd is 40+ including a creepy old man who tried to freak rape my friend DJ seemed like a noob
4	Another stop for my bachelorette party.  We were able to make a table reservation (thx GK!) here without having to do bottle service, which was great!  Our group of 8 was shown to our table and immediately served drinks and shots and had a great time.  We were there around 10pm, so it wasn't too busy yet, but we had a good time anyway.  The "stripper" pole on the dance floor provided some good entertainment.  Always a great place to hit up when in Old Town!
3	What a CHEAP club! There was one guy in a kilt who kept dancing next to us on the dance floor and being very obnoxious. The sad thing is that I didn't know he was wearing a kilt until I saw him at the parking lot when we were getting ready to leave. This was also the only club where I had to avoid eye contact with random guys because God forbid should you make eye contact with a guy, he will be on you like a lion on an innocent and defenseless little animal. =/ Thank God we had guys around, but still, yikes!The upside to this place:Bartenders were fast and politeCool bouncerThe DJ played good songs including the ones a friend requested.
3	Sometimes you need to get your dance on... and sadly this gay boy doesn't have a plethora of gay boyfriends so I depend on my daphnes and my queer peers who are these hella hot girls that straight boys oogle over. What is it with gay boys and cute girls, hmmm?Anyways, me and Devils have a history... the first time I had been here was post Independence weekend back in 08 and eversince I've made an effort to come back. Yea it sux that I have to pay a cover but it's expected I'm a guy. What I like is that this is a pretty roomy club. 3 bars, a large dance floor, lots and lots of seating, and for the smokers in our crew an open air courtyard which is hella awesome coz it's situated by two bars, the restrooms, and still hear the dj playing. And that's why it's a good place to go in Old Town. It's smart having an open air courtyard coz it satifies the smokers and the nons. The middle bar in my opinion makes the better Tokyo Teas. The downside are the douches in the affliction and ed hardy wear who think openly molesting and attempting to dance with my ladies is alright. Dudes... leave my ladies alone... they're here to dance not dance with you coz if they were interested they would have shown interest. And you wonder why girls like gay clubs? Oh and i do love the straight girls that come out to this place... trust me... i can get catty too. stop elbowing me and no... not interested in you... i do like your dress... super cute... and ummm not a fan of your stripper moves on the pole, maybe you should try Christie's or Babes. But I come here coz there's usually good beats and mixes. Awesome atmosphere overall and the drinks are hella strong, free bottled water too. score!
4	FEEL LIKE DANCING?!  Then you should really try this place.It seems like there is always a drink special when I'm here like buy one get one free or something so i always leave happily  with a buzz and money in my account...But the cool thing here is the Dance Floor-it's awesome.  With a dance pole in the center it's very entertaining-plus the DJ is always great the time's i've been here.I also really like the Set up since it's divi'd up in sections.  With an outdoor lounge area and bar in the back and an other bar coming off of there to an inside area and an inside dance floor with all open ceiling hallways-it's a very cool feel-you don't feel like your in a dark, locked in dance Club.It's fun and cheap and still obtains class which i think says something-hahaha.
3	Who really wants to pay cover in Scottsdale (unless its for the #1 club, which this is not). It felt like spring break with a bunch of horny college kids (guys and girls) grinding up on each other, and it was just gross to watch, mainly because they were unattractive.Service at the bars was pretty abysmal as a first time customer (maybe the regulars get better service). Prices are high for drinks and not that amazing to be worth it.There are two saving graces: 1. Watching guys, young and old, get asked to step down from the dance platforms as they are reserved for girls. I mean the one kid was acting like a Jersey Shore cast member and deserved it, but there was a 50 year old man up there dancing with girls, give the man some props, bouncers. And 2. Because I was in a large group (over 10) the doorman was nice enough to let us all in for free (aka no cover). Needless to say, after a couple drinks we left.
3	Good place to go with a group. We rented a back room and it was nice to have somewhere to flee when the dance floor got to skanky. Looks kind of like a place you'd find in Miami. There was a girl in bikini dancing on the bar, lots of grinding all around. Not cheap.
5	This place was a lot of fun!
3	Eh, this place is ok. Seems a bit overrated to me. I felt bad for the guys that couldn't get in because they were there for guys night out and the club had to maintain some high female ratio.We got in through the side door because my friend knew the owner, so I have to admit, it's kinda nice to get in like a celebrity. I didn't have too much to drink, but it was an ok night. Seeing how I don't remember too much about what happened that night, I'm guessing this place wasn't awesome. I guess it is always funny to see drunk guys try to get up on tables and dance like a stripper with a pole then getting thrown to the ground by the bouncers....
4	One of my fave spots when I'm hitting up the late night in Scottsdale. And yes, the Old Town location is SO much better than the one in North Scottsdale. Get there early for 2-for-1 martinis - they have a ton to choose from, if you're a frilly martini drinker - but also make a mean dirty martini with olives, which is my own personal indulgence. Multiple rooms for multiple scenes - a dance floor, a more chill bar room and an outdoor loungey space - so whatever you're looking for you can find it here. Just make sure you've got cab cash to get home - three of these martinis can definitely get the best of you!
3	nice spot. its a bit lame that theres a $10 cover. very spacious and i really liked the decor. drink were nice and strong and prices weren't too bad. music was good. the crowd seemed a bit older...probably early 30s. last night was definitely not the night to meet boys because they were nowhere in sight. the ratio of women to men was prob 3:1...no bueno. it wasn't crowded at all...it picked up a little bit later in the night but for the most part it was never wall to wall people. the platforms in the middle of the dancefloor were a good time. might have to try to make it back here when they have 2 for 1 martinis.
1	Gay, gay, gay, oh and did I mention gay?  I really wish 0 stars was offered.  This place is terrible.  Pretentious people, over priced drinks, and a terrible vibe.  If you don't have money, you wont get anywhere in this place.  It's not fun and I will never go back.  The only thing that saves this place is the fact they serve booze.  I would never go to this place on my own, but I have been twice because of birthday parties and I had to get wasted just to deal with the crowd.  I don't want to write anymore because it's really pissing me off!!
1	What can I say about this place other than I started a Yelp account strictly to warn everyone about how horrible this place is. I purchased 2 $55 tickets for NYE which I was told included drinks all night and a champagne toast at midnight... What I was not told was there would be 2 bartenders at each bar serving 100 annoyed patrons and champagne at midnight... not a chance. I completely understand being busy on NYE but this place has been open for years and should understand the demand in Old Town on a Friday night NYE when selling "all inclusive" tickets. After waiting approximately  25 minutes for my first drink I ordered shots as well because who knew how long it could take to get another drink. The bartender told me there was nothing he could do because he had no glasses. After waiting another 10 minutes I pointed to the champagne glasses hanging from the ceiling and informed him they were sufficient drinking apparatus's for the shots and the martini glasses had the ability to hold my vodka tonic. At this point I wasn't even upset yet. I was just happy to actually have a drink so I tipped the bartender $20 in hopes of him improving my individual customer service. Long story short that sure didn't work. As for the "complimentary" midnight champagne toast I requested  2 glasses of champagne at 11:35 for me and my boyfriend. I was told it was too early which is where I really started to become annoyed considering it took a half hour to order drinks and I just gave the guy a $20. So I hang out by the bar for 20 mins and request 2 glasses again which is when I was told they were all out. I stood there the whole time and I assure you, I didn't miss them handing out hundreds of glasses to everyone but me. THEY NEVER HAD ANY. I'm going to cut this short because I browse over reviews that are too long but I will say the night didnt get better. They never had clean glasses (or the right ones). The customer service was horrible. The drinks were poorly made and the people pouring them were rude. I was actually told when ordering my groups drinks who were all standing around me I could not order more than 2. THIS PLACE IS HORRIBLE AND WHEN 2012 COMES AROUND MY MAIN REGRET 363 DAYS FROM NOW WILL BE WHERE I WAS WHEN THE YEAR STARTED.
3	I went here last night for my new sister in law's bachelorette party. It was nice because we did not get charged a cover.... I guess they charge covers usually, but we were not charged, so that was nice. The place was not super busy so that was good and bad. Sometimes it felt kind of dead, but on the other hand, we always had somewhere to sit. I got a buy one get one martini and my god, I do not know what was in it, but I was just out of it. I almost felt like I was drugged, and I usually can handle 5-6 drinks before really feeling it. So this was good and bad too. Good because I only had to buy essentially one drink for the whole night, but bad because it kind of made me concerned with what exactly I was drinking..... Anyway, it was fun dancing with the poles and the fog machine, but this isn't the kind of place I would want to go to very often. Also, the drinks tasted pretty bad, bad enough that some of the girls didn't finish them. So I say eh, it was kind of fun but meh.
2	Yawn.  Enough said.
1	I came here a few times when friends dragged me.  It was very much a Scottsdale crowd. It was actually kind of boring.  Drinks were over price and the people sucked BAD.
