5	Duong answered all of my questions over the phone before I scheduled my appointment. I arrived a little late and he didn't seem to mind (I was the only client in the whole salon as it was Memorial Day). He was incredibly patient and friendly.  He even ran down to put change in my meter!! He said ordinarily the front desk gives clients parking permits. The nail salon is in the upstairs open loft inside the Pink hair salon, which is located in that new complex off Apache between Rural and McAllister, across from the SRC. There were lots of 20 year olds strutting through the courtyard in bathing suits. Inside, the salon has urban decor.I got glitter gel on my fingers and toes (it was difficult to choose among tons of color options. I chose blush pink for my toes and copper for my fingers). It was a long process--about six coats of gel, one generous dusting of glitter sandwiched between, and UV curing with each layer.It looks amazingly sparkly and I cant stop staring at my hands and feet!! He did meticulous work and I highly recommend NBM. It has only been open for a few months and he said it is very slow in the summer ... so take advantage!
5	LOVE LOVE LOVE!! Best nail salon in ALL OF TEMPE!! They do an AWESOME job on ANY service!!! OBSESSED WITH THEIR GLITTER GEL!! Staff is Super Nice and all do a GREAT job!! And PRICE is so AFFORDABLE for a college girl on a budget!!! Come in and you'll know what I'm talking about!!! BEST PLACE EVER!!
5	Today was great. I found a new favorite nail salon through Yelp! I initially called in, just to get prices and ended up setting an appt and leaving my phone number --something I never do. From the second I stepped inside I felt welcome. Tai helped me decide on colors because I am so indecisive. I'm pretty picky too so I appreciate him spending the time to ask me "do you like them, you better tell me?" By the time I left I met Rick and Q who also had the same inviting personalities. To add, don't be worried abt the meters, call beforehand to ask abt a parking pass. Ill be back every 2 weeks.
5	I've been going to NBM since they first opened, and I have ZERO complaints! All three of the guys, Rick, Thai and Q are all highly qualified and equally as good service wise! They are one of the few places that I've ever been to that have never hurt me when changing my acrylics or when doing my nails in general. Plus, they have a wide variety of options from simple polish to gel to glitter gel to amazing designs! They're right by ASU, so their prices are affordable, and you can earn rewards for being a regular customer. They post all of their fun designs on their Facebook page, and I'm always amazed at what they can do. They also have weekly discount offers on their FB page! Take advantage! I recommend everyone I know to these three, you can't go wrong!
5	Seriously as good as a nail salon gets. I get my nails done by Rick, and he is AMAZING. He always listens carefully to what I request. It's like he can read my mind as to what I want my nails to look like. They have super innovative designs that you will NOT see elsewhere, like they do really neat stuff with glitter and polish that you couldn't imagine being done before. They can draw pretty much anything (pandas, grinch, hello kitty, etc.) on your nails. Making appointments is convenient. You can just write them on Facebook when you'd like to come in and what you want and they'll have everything ready....and best of all, they all speak English (fluently)! They're super friendly, you can expect a great chat whenever you come.
5	I have never been one to keep up a set of acrylic nails, but after my first visit here I was hooked on the idea. The guys are amazing-personable and talented.The nail art I get here is innovative and done with perfection. I highly recommend Nails by Males if you are looking for the best manicures and pedicures available!
4	Nails by Males incorporates a cute gimmick while they achieve fantastic results in doing your nails. I walked up the stairs in Pink salon (where Nails by Males is) in the Vista complex. Greeted by Rick, I was seated and taken care of immediately. I picked out my fresh color, sat in the chair, and turned up the massage mechanism and relaxed. Then he also gave me a delightful calf and hot stone massage to boot! That in itself explains why they cost about five more dollars than the average place. They aren't average! Nails by Males really take their time working through all those rough spots from sandal-wearing during the hot AZ summers that do a number on your tootsies! I'd be happy to return again!
5	This is the only place I get my nails done now after having been introduced to them by my sister and cousin. They do an awesome job with the gel-ish polish manicure. I've had it done at a couple of other places and they just don't pay attention to detail like Nails by Males. The guys are super nice too! They try to accommodate any style/design you ask for. I'd recommend setting up an appointment during their slower times when the ASU kids are either in class or sleeping the hangover away. ;)
5	Really great place to get your nails done! This was my first time and it was really fun to try out a new place. Fun, as well, to have guys doing your nails. They did an excellent job and I plan on going back there again. They have parking behind their building and they give you a parking validation thing, they said to come in once you park and they give you something to put in your car. Much better than the street metered parking.
5	I came to this spot about a month ago because I was trying to find a new place to get my nails done. I had been going to a nail salon at a mall and was always underwhelmed by the results. Let me tell you...I found my new place!! The place has a great atmosphere and isn't stuffy. Q was so friendly and easy going, I felt right at home. I had the basic pedicure and gel glitter manicure. Let me start by saying, I've never had a good pedicure. I can never get comfortable. But Q did such a great job! For the first time, I was completely relaxed and my feet felt terrific. The main highlight was getting the gel glitter manicure. The process took longer than most manicures but the end result was worth it. Wow! My nails popped with color and were so sparkly. It's been almost 4 weeks now and they still look like new which is amazing since I type like a mad woman at work. I would say the price is definitely a bargain based on the quality of work. And compliments? I have gotten so many compliments about my nails. Total strangers have come up to me just to ask where I got my nails done. That's definitely a sign of talent. Nails by Males will be the only place to go to from now on.
5	This place is so awesome! I loved the hot stone massage on my legs :)
4	This was my first time into the salon and I was pretty impressed.  I had read that parking was a bit of a pain (which it is for a first timer), so I made sure to leave a little early from my house.  I thought it was pretty cool that they provided a parking pass so I didn't have to worry about my meter time.  The nail salon is located inside of the pink hair salon; decorated a lot like a tattoo shop (metal, graffiti,etc).  I was a bit surprised at how small the area for nails was, only two chairs for pedicure and a few others for manicures.  I would certainly make an appointment anytime you wanted to go in, seeing as how there was very little room to sit around and waitThe pedicure itself was great.  There wasn't a tremendous amount of polish colors there, but I was certainly able to find something I liked.  My fella (sorry I forgot his name) was gentle, took his time and was very professional.  I feel a little awkward during pedicures after the small chit chat is over so maybe next time I'll bring a magazine. Simply put, if you're willing to deal with the parking, this is definitely a place you should try out!  I know I'll be back
5	5 stars, without question! I am visiting Phx/Tempe for a week and wanted a mani-pedi. Naturally, I popped onto Yelp to do some research and found this nail salon. Initially, I thought the name was hilarious, then I read the reviews. I had to book an appt here!  I called at 10:30 on Monday and got an appt at noon for both services, both including gel instead of polish. Let me tell you, they do not disappoint! This was, easily, the best salon experience I've ever had, and I have had a lot!
4	Really interesting place! Professional, but very relaxed environment. Has a good vibe with lots of fun, unique people. Also, men who do nails...and do them well? Yes please!
5	Awesome job! The decor is great and the manicure and pedicure was perfect! Fun conversation too!
4	Really great job but very small and cramped. Only two pedicure stations and four manicure stations. The majority of the clients are students so if you don't like that crowed then this isn't your place. They are very talented though and a lot more fun to talk to than most nail techs. Also a little pricey.
5	I always leave happy.
5	Best nail salon in Tempe. The guys are great, they are friendly and pay attention to detail. It's always busy so make sure you make an apt (Only four employees work there). Very clean, everything they use is sanitized, great music and all around an amazing nail salon. Ps. Their gel doesn't peel!!!! And acrylics don't lift!!
5	i'm super serious about my nails and i only go here : )I'll keep this short:-clean-fast-reasonable prices-understands my needs -HIGH qualityi would never go anywhere else after going here. i have gotten some of he best acrylic nails i have EVER GOT IN MY LIFE here. they are not all thick and cheap looking. they last forever! u can add designs that look professional and not like crappy flowers from the 90's! they run specials on their fb page too! i seriously love this place! BE WARNED: THEY BOOK FAST AND RARELY TAKE WALK INS. BOOK BEFORE YOU GO!
5	LOVE Nails by Males! They are one of the most modern and design-oriented salons in the valley. They are the best place to go for nail art and incredible detail. Check the hashtag #nailsbymales on instagram to see tons of their amazing manicures and get inspired. I have had everything from vintage half-moon manis, intricate tribal patterns, and ombre glitters from them. The very best part is that they are totally affordable. They charge the same or less for acrylics & gels as any nameless asian place in the valley, but you get a better atmosphere and higher quality service. I won't go anywhere else. Make sure you bring quarters for the meter or get there a few mins early to walk the pass back to your car. Parking isn't a problem but it's helpful to plan ahead.
5	By far the best nail salon I've ever been to! I found them via Yelp last year, and I've been going ever since. The prices are on point, and the guys there are always willing to try new nail art and make accommodations. My nails are extremely professional looking, and I've never had problems with chipping or breaking. Word of advice: Make an appointment! It's right next to ASU so they book quickly and there's only four guys there.
5	Hands down the best salon. I will never go anywhere else. They can do just about any design you want and they are so friendly. I love them so much xoxo
5	First time going here after reading all the awesome yelp reviews. Definitely 5 star worthy after experiencing it myself!  Awesome color choices for gel, My gel manicure and pedicure are  so pretty! Thank you Tim! So easy to talk to and friendly! Can't wait to come back in a couple weeks.
5	Im visiting AZ and needed a good nail salon. This was a good choice, I love my nails! The staff was great too -- really patient & fun to be around. I would definitely recommend it. It's a small place so make sure to call ahead for an appointment. They also gave me brownies & red velvet cake  Great service. And they give you a parking pass so you can park at any meter! Very happy.
5	LOVE LOVE LOVE this place! I've had my nails done before and was never very happy with the results...after going here I have never been happier! The service is excellent...the atmosphere is hip and modern ... even for an old lady like me! The only negative I have is the parking situation...it's all metered but if you ask the guys for a parking pass you can bypass that little annoyance! I highly recommend these guys! You can't go wrong!!!
5	I love Nails by males!!!! All of the guys that work there are talented, buy my nail guy is Que ! I so far have only been there twice and it is a little out of the way for me, but I do not mind the drive because it is TOTALLY worth it. They are fun and personable, talk to you and joke around and have fun, play fun music and literally can do any design you put their mind to. For the amount of time they spend making the nail art look so good, the prices are amazing. Most nail places I have gone to, the nails start lifting and coming off within a week or two for me...these nails have stayed on and are really strong/durable. You can tell they use quality product and value their customers.As far as parking, yes its metered, but if you go in a few mins before your apt, they will give you a parking pass to hang in your car so you dont have to pay for parking.Its literally right on ASU campus, so make an apt..they are busy!!! I will continue to go to Nails by males and get fun nails :)!!!
5	I am so impressed by Nails by Males! I don't live in the Tempe area, but booked here to accommodate my bridal party and myself. There were 6 of us total and only 3 nail technicians and they still managed to get us all done with manis and pedis in a little over 2 hours! It has now been 18 days since my gel manicure and it is not even lifting yet! I highly recommend this salon to anyone looking for quality manis and pedis that last!
5	Went for the first time yesterday the guys are so sweet it was awesome I love my nails and everybody at work has asked me where I got them highly recommend this place
5	I never actually write reviews on Yelp, but my experience was so good, I couldn't resist. After months of following them on instagram, I finally made an appointment to get my birthday nails done. I am addicted to having my nails done, I go every 1-2 weeks for a gel fill and manicure and pedicure, but I have not found a nail salon that I like enough to consistently go to. Nails by Males, however, will now be my go to place for my nails!I had my nails done by Rick, he did mermaid ombre glitter on my fingers and rose gold glitter on my toes and they are beautiful! He was so meticulous and was obviously a perfectionist. I have gotten endless compliments on my nails and I have never been so satisfied with a nail tech before. I will definitely be coming back frequently to get my fix!
5	Nail technicians are friendly and incredibly skilled, I am very satisfied with my nails and will return again! Definitely the best nail salon I've been to, and I recommend it to everyone.
5	This place is A-MAZE-ING!  The level of artistry in the nail techs is out of this world.  The shop is trendy and very clean.   Undoubtedly the BEST salon I have ever been to.  I went in with a picture of what I wanted (many other salons couldn't do because they said the nail art was stickers) and when I showed Que, my nail tech, he said no problem and did it....#ClientForLife!
5	I have been going here for three years! All of the guys are so friendly and they do an amazing job every single time. They can execute any idea that you have in mind. My nails always get compliments afterwards. Check out their Instagram to see all of their work! :)
5	Great place! Found them based off Yelp reviews. Called yesterday and they were able to get me in for an appointment 45 minutes later. Brought in a picture of the Disney Minnie/Mickey nails I wanted to get done before going to Disney World & Rick matched them perfectly! Super nice guys, great vibe, great price, & again just really nice owners! Can't get much better than this place! I will definitely be back & spreading the word in the meantime! I posted a pic of my Disney nails above.
4	Great trendy place they really do a great job!
5	Decor-5.  Manicurist's Manner-5.  Cleanliness and Health Consciousness-5+Creativity and Ability-5So, be sure to call in advance as they are popular.
5	Went there tonight after making a last minute appointment. Tim took great care of me and made my nails look absolutely beautiful! Absolutely make an appointment at least two days ahead. I was lucky to get in when I did. The prices are reasonable, and the guys are super friendly. I will be going back!
5	Simply put I had great customer service and a great pedicure. I suggest calling a day ahead to make an appointment.
5	i'm not one to go get my nails or toes done on a regular basis... but when I do, I definitely care about quality.Being that i'm away from home and was in desperate need of a pedicure fix, I took to the streets. Stumbling upon this place was the best accident ever.The staff here is friendly and extremely knowledgeable. Not only did I receive what I dare to call the best foot message EVER, but also pertinent information about my nail health. At first I felt embarrassed for not knowing anything about what the young man was talking about, but afterwards, I was pleased to be enlightened. Conveniently located across the street from ASU and inside of P!nk's Salon, this place is the mecca of artistic expression. From the decor to the nail designs, your imagination can run wild here. Best piece of advice for YOUR visit: Call ahead. They book up FAST. Also, be sure to specify what services you want to be done, otherwise you will end up with something you didn't intend to. ***I asked for a pedicure, and I got one... but I wanted to upgrade from the basic to a more expensive / thorough treatment, but was never asked if that was something I wanted. Kinda bummed out, but still satisfied.***
5	Amazing nail art! Great massage too! I truly enjoyed my first visit . I have been searching for a good place in the Tempe area and will be making this my new nail salon.
5	My girlfriend and I went on a date today and I wanted to pamper her. I looked up nail salons and sure enough Yelp recommended nails by males. I thought the name wascreative so I had to check it out.Upon arrival my girl fell in love with it. The decor is very trendy and very artistic. The place is hoppin' (probably because it's next to asu) we had to wait a few minutes but we didn't mind. The one thing that struck me about this place was all the technicians knew English.. Fluently. A guy by the name of Rick helped out my girlfriend and he was really down to earthOverall it was a pleasant experience. I highly recommend it
5	Best nail salon ever, small and awesome, the guys are super sweet and the only nail salon that hasn't made my fingers bleed or leave in pain, I will be attending ASU for awhile so I wouldn't think of trusting anyone but them to fix my nails
1	I've read great reviews and the place isSuper cool looking inside , for my first time going there had no idea I had to make an appointment to be noticed I sat downstairs for 30 mins and nobody noticed me , in between that time another girl came 10 mins after me and she waited a lil then walked upstairs where they do the nails and she got seated pretty fast , so I waited a lil and I walked up there too and that's when I was noticed and they asked me what I needed told the guys just full set and a pedi they told me I had to make an appointment and they had one available for 3:30 , I was pretty upset because they took that other girl pretty quick and told me I had to wait till 3:30pm for one service ? I understand the whole appointment thing but how is it they took the other girl pretty fast ? She waited downstairs with me 10 mins and just walked up there ? I honestly don't know if I would even come back here. Never seen service like that.
5	They are the ONLY  people I let do my nails since they do such a fantastic job. All of the boys are very qualified and super friendly. If you have any ideas for your nails they are creative and open-minded to do any designs. A huge plus for me is that they are VERY clean about any tools or equipment they use. The structure of the place isn't the most ideal since they are upstairs, but they try accommodate everyone. They take walk-in appointments, but from my experience it is always best to make an appointment since they can get busy. Overall, the best and only place to go in Tempe to get your nails done, hunnay they do fo you!
5	I absolutely love this place ! Been going there for almost two years now and they always take care of me. They also can do almost any design and all the guys are equally as talented ! I love Q though :)
5	I found this place on yelp and decided to give it a try.  Rick was absolutely amazing.  My Nails have never looked better,  loved the shop and the level of professionalism was out if this world.  All I can say is I know this is officially my new nail home.
5	In the year and a half I've been going to nails by males, I have had all of the guys do my nails. They all do an amazing job! They've recreated every Pinterest picture and helped me come up with ideas when I had no clue what I wanted. You definitely need an apt but it's so worth it!
5	I still love coming here. Only place I trust and want to to go to get my nails done. All the guys who work here are so friendly and nice and make you feel so comfortable. They know what they are doing and do such a wonderful job at itThey are always willing to help you with creativity and give you what you want. They take care of their clients, myself included, and even stay late to fit you into their schedule when they don't really have to (like tonight). I can't wait to keep getting my nails done by them. It's always worth it.
5	Got my nails done by Q today. First of all so thankful for him taking the time to do my nails on Christmas eve. 2nd...I have never had someone spend time actually making sure my nails look good. I'm used to the average in and out nail salon. Q did an amazing job. I felt very welcome and my nails have never looked better. Even better, they have the perfect nude gel polish!!! Thank you Q!!! Merry christmas!!!!
5	By far the best pedicure ever. EVER. Only improvement that could be made- champagne! These guys know what they are doing. Can't wait to visit their new location next time.
