1	This is my first and last time coming here... I was up last night looking for fun cheap places to take my 3 year old. First of all I found 2 different times that were posted for the tiny tot gym time 9 and 9:30 I get her the poor girl at reception had no clue the lady in the back the same. So finally someone told me 9:30 so we waited 45 mins. Then finally we head back to the gym all they did was set out hoops, soccer nets, and balls. No teacher nothing. I could have done the same in my backyard without wasting gas. This place hit cheap on the head.
4	I've been taking my little one here for gymnastics. The teacher is great. She's brand new to the area but she does a lot with these tots in the 30 minutes. The best part about this place is the price. You cannot beat the price. When you have kids that are 2-3 and you want them to try something out this is the best place. They start off with the basics but they also have fun at the same time.  Overall, if you can find a great teacher like we did here then it is well worth it. 30 minutes is plenty of time for a tot! The cost is great and it may just be well worth the time.
5	I am sooooo impressed by this place. The tiny tots gym time was a weird thing posted by so e strange website that doesn't even exist anymore. The receptionists were totally on it and asked for the website that keeps giving them false info. I mean the receptionists are amazing at both the gym part and aquatics. My son really LOVED Eric. Once he left for a new job he did not want to come back. That's good! It says a ton about this place. Their lesson plans were so purposeful and I saw an amazing progression with my sons swimming. We miss Eric a ton.. Lance still talks about him. He will be going to preschool and says that he is excited to go there so he can see Eric again. Awe... Thanks for everything Eric! I wish you the best.I woudl totally bring my family back. Their rules and safety obsession is amazing. I mean I saw a life guide, who are also teachers, being trained in CPR or refreshed, right there on the pool deck. They are serious about safety. Also, I took my Mom there to see Lance swim and of course he rocked it out.. And of course the instructor was nothing less than amazing. But to look around, if you can take you eyes off the cute little y for one second, you will see teens being trained on perfection of butterfly stoke.. My Mom said this facility is amazing hand it looks like they are traing for the Olympics. The whole place is super clean and the rooms, and pool is amazing. Gosh and the whole crew there is amazing. Great work community. This place is a gem.
