5	I visit this location a lot inside the food court at the Fashion Show Mall. The sandwich artists understand and remember what I like in my footlong. They enjoy seeing me often and do a good job 99% of the time. They have the $5 footlong, at the time of this review, at this location, even inside of a mall, which is nice.
5	$5 footlongs on the strip. YAY!
3	Not bad for a chain, especially for $5 footlongs on the strip.  Beats paying $8 for a sandwich at one of the casinos. I don't mind eating at Subway once in a while as they do have fresh veggies. Remember to have your share of veggies each day to keep and maintain your health kiddies....
4	I had such a long day today that by the time school ended, I was soooo hungry, I could eat a UNICORN! After what seemed like an hour's worth of bus rides (and sure enough, it took me that long to get to the Fashion Show Mall from CSN west charleston campus) my galpal and I opted to meet at the food court. There, I ordered a 6" tuna sandwich - with herbs and cheese bread, cheddar (toasted), tomatoes, cucumbers, red onions, sweet onion sauce - for $5 + tax. I guess it's safe to say that the sandwich was gone in less than 10 minutes. The vegetables were fresh and I loved how subway's tuna isn't oozing with mayonnaise. We then returned after our meal to get ourselves some cookies. For 75cents, you could get 1 but for $2, you could get yourself 3. Being the sweet-tooth that we are, we ordered 2 Chocolate Chip cookies and 1 White Chocolate and Macademia cookie. When we ordered our desserts, it was already about 6:20pm so sadly, there weren't anymore Raspberry Cheesecake Cookies - my ultimate favourite! So if you ever head to Subway, you can now keep in mind that they're not merely limited to just sandwiches. There's no doubt subway'll always be my preferred go-to over McDonalds - healthier and more stuffing between the bread...and they've got a 'sweet'er side to them too!
1	I would rate higher if they would just more than a .00001 inch thick slice of meat across the sandwich.  Subway is all bread and a total waste.  So many better places out there like Firehouse or Boardhouse!
4	Located right on the strip and still honors the $5 footlong deal. A wise man would get 2-3 of these and bring them back to the room.
1	Extremely small portions!!! Rude service and don't even think about asking for onions, pickles or cucumbers....you'll get 3. It will be the smallest sandwich for $9.00. Worthless, walk a bit further to Chipotle.
