1	This will be my last contract with Verizon. I just bought the droid razr. I did not get any kind of a deal for signing to a new contract after being eligible for an upgrade. Not only that but when I went to Costco the phone was cheaper. When I went into the Verizon store in Chandler to inform them of this they said "Oh yeah, we know that" then snickered. Oh wow, nice reaction!!! "We ripped you off and think it's funny" Not only that but at the same time I bought the Xoom as a gift. Don't tell me you don't throw in a few extra's every now and then. That may be a policy but to say it's not done is an outright lie. Greedy cheats. I am livid at this treatment. I think perhaps it is time to bite the bullet and pay to get out of my contract or check to see if I have a grace period to get out. It's only been 5 days.
2	The short review: Customer service reps are generally helpful, but the sales guy is a scammer. Watch out and be sure you ask all questions anticipating any situation or they will make sure it always works only to their advantage and not to the customer's.  Now the long review...here's what happened to us:I got a phone on my normal upgrade time. I wanted one with a keyboard. NOT a touchscreen, since I'd had problems with a previous touchscreen phone. They sold me an LG ENV3 at a different location. However, I had to buy a data package. Had to. Apparently it was the Verizon Law.  I bought the cheapest I could--$10/month. I barely used the data package, because the screen was too small for you to see anything on any web browser. It's NOT a smartphone. just a regular phone. Ripoff #1 for this series of events.About a year and a half later, I visit this particular location by Chandler Mall. The helpful customer service rep mentioned that perhaps I'd like to check into a smartphone. I told him what features I used and was looking for (including a full keyboard) and he showed me the one I could get when my plan was up or upon early upgrade time. Maybe a month later, my phone started giving me problems. It wasn't working right. I went back in, looking for the same helpful guy, thinking I could give him the sale. He was off, and he wasn't a sales person. I told the manager how helpful he was, anyway, in case his raise was coming up or bonus time or something. They gave me another sales person. He informed me that they were having a buy 1, get 1 free sale on the smartphones I was looking at. Oh, but because of this sale, they were out of stock--phone on backorder. They could order it to be shipped to my house. It would take about 8 days. 8 days without a phone? No. He suggested that I use an old one. I had no old one. He then convinced me that there was the exact same phone w/o a keyboard..and NO ONE wanted the keyboard phones now; they were becoming obsolete. He was skeptical at first, but he got used to the touch-screen keyboard and was sure I would, too.  Ok, I relented, since I felt like I had to get SOMEthing.  I asked if I could get the free one as the other one on backorder and they just ship it to me. No, he said. I took the phone home, without instructions, figuring there must be a user guide--there always was before. No. Just a quickstart guide. not even a tutorial online. I had to ask my facebook friends how to do things. 6 mos later, I still was having a hard time typing. I actually called a few months before that to ask the store if I could trade my other phone, never removed from the box, for the one I originally wanted. "Has it been more than 14days?" yes, I said. "Then, no, there's nothing you can do".   So, I got so disgusted one day that I went online to chat with a cust svc rep online. He told me to call and even though the store couldnt' do anything, cust svc COULD get me a different phone.  I called. A very helpful guy told me that the stores have loaner phones and he should have offered me one of those until my phone came in. OR, he could have offered to sell me a really cheap phone and return it in the 14day window. AND, he most certainly COULD have given me the other phone as my 2nd phone and had it shipped to me. Unethical of the salesman, but nothing cust service could do except recommend that I sell my other new phone on Craigslist and use that $ to get an early upgrade approved by cust svc for the phone I wanted. FYI we had been Verizon customers for 10 years at this point.I chose not to do that. I chose to change cell phone companies with more ethical salespeople.  I also called cust service later to ask them some question, and they asked me about my son's phone, and I said he can't use the data package, (same as my ENV3) and so he never uses it. They said, you dont' have to have the data package. If you block all data, we will cancel the fee for the data package!  Apparently this had always been an option, but not one salesperson from Verizon had ever told me this (including the abovementioned unethical one who also activated the other ENV3 we had gotten from my son's aunt for him to have).  Enter this store if you need to purchase something at your own risk. If you're just looking, it should be ok.
1	Was lied to by the person trying to sell us our phone. After we realized we were ripped off we had a TON of trouble trying to return the phone. All in all it's not worth the effort. Go somewhere else.
1	Ok first off I have been a long time, and I mean long time, customer of Verizon Wireless... I'm talkin 15 years! So a friend of mine tells me on June 27th that I need to use my upgrade by tomorrow (June 28th) in order to renew my current contract and retain my unlimited data package. I called Verizon's customer service that day, the 27th, and asked them if that was necessary and they told me no, that it wasn't necessary for me to upgrade right then and that  my current plan wouldn't change at all. Specifically, my unlimited data plan. In an effort to cover all my bases I had my husband call and confirm this also. They told him the same thing, that nothing would change and that we did not need to upgrade until we wanted to. So fast forward to today, June 20th, I go into the Verizon store in Chandler on Frye road. The salesman tells me that upon upgrading I will need to decide on which new plan I would like to move to. I'm like, what?!?!?! I explained to him that I spoke with a Verizon representative back in June who assured me that I would not loose my current unlimited plan when I upgraded and signed the new 2 year contract. He told me, and these were his words, "Well, the lied to you"! WTH!!!!! I was majorly p'd off!!!!! I told him that I would not be upgrading anything until I called into the Verizon's customer service department to get this all worked out. So, I go home and we call and we get the same ol rigamarol from Terrence, the Verizon rep. Blah blah blah.... can I please speak to your manager... 15 minutes later (yes I was on hold for 15 minutes), Alisha the so called manager gets on the phone. She apologizes, not in a nice way, and says those plans are no longer available and that she can't help us. She says the reps did not know that the plans would no longer be available when we called in to ask the question. I call BS on that! I called one day before the new "plans" rolled out. You seriously ganna tell me that  the Verizon reps were left in the dark on that one. I think not! Long story short, she gets mad at me for saying that the Verizon rep and that Verizon itself are liars and hangs up on me. I am now going to shop around and look for another cell service provider. I feel I have been lied to and that they don't give a damn about their customers. I refuse to pay anyone for that kind of service. Good luck to all of you who have not upgraded yet.
1	Worst customer service I've ever dealt with.  My upgrade was available and I wanted to switch to the iPhone 4s.   He told me that not only is it on back order for two weeks but the apple store in the mall was flat out also and I had no reason to check there.   I not only got my phone at the apple store but they had no shortage of phones.
1	Super long wait times. 1 hr to be seen and there is no place to sit!!!!Your store design with no place to sit and long wait times is a total #fail
1	worst Verizon store ever
1	Was told 10 minutes been here 40. Been here multiple times and it's the same thing every time: long wait times and horrible service. With no seats it's not a comfortable wait. Always packed and super slow.
4	I had a great experience at this store earlier this week.  I had an iPhone with a manufacturer defect.  I took it to the Apple store first--big mistake.  Apple made me wait for a half hour (even though I had a scheduled appointment).  They took a 15 second look at my phone, determined that I was 2 months outside of the warranty, and told me to buy a new iPhone at full price.  Not.  Cool.  Enraged, I went to this Verizon store across the street from Chandler Mall.  The sales staff was very helpful and respectful of my frustration with my device.  They took a quick look at my plan, saw that I had device protection (who knew? Guess I should read my bill more carefully!)  They got a new replacement phone mailed to me within two days.  Completely painless.  I thought it would be a cold day in Hell before I got better service from Verizon than from Apple, but I'm very happy I was wrong.
3	I've been to this location twice, and never had the service issues that others have complained about.  Perhaps I was lucky?  The first time I went, the store was pretty slow and I was helped quickly.  I was upgrading to a new phone and the process was quick and painless.  The second visit was much busier, but it was Black Friday... so to be expected.  We put our names on the list and started to browse.  After a while I realized there were only 2 seats in the building; a bit of a design flaw for a business where "wait times" is customary.  When we did get helped everything went as planned, albeit a little more slowly than expected.  I was getting confused by the plan options presented to me, the salesman would have done well to have a flyer or something I could look at to understand.  Lots of people are visual learners, sir!  Once we got everything situated and paid for (options to pay in the store or add it to the bill) we left pretty happy, with a new phone, new plan, and all the right things accomplished.
5	My sales person was very knowledgable and respectful. I am very happy with Verizon and their service. Overall nice experience at this corporate owned location. Thank you!
5	Service was great. The lady was very nice and I got a new iPhone and it didn't take too long either.
1	Verizon referred me to CPR Cell Phone Repair.   CPR has an F rating with the better business bureau.   Verizon may want to rethink referring customers and passing out CPR cards in their store.  http://www.bbb.org/central-northern-western-arizona/business-reviews/cellular-telephone-service-and-supplies/cpr-cell-phone-repair-in-chandler-az-1000027737
5	My husband and I went in for our upgrades. Greeted at the door and told it would be a 30 min wait. Took about that and then an rep named Tony helped us out. He was awesome! The whole experience was the best we've had. The other reps seemed great too but Tony is our go to from now on.
1	Bad service. Slow service. I hate when companies get so big and controlling that customer service becomes a fleeting consideration.  I've been in this store a handful of times and the waits are always long, the reps have lackluster attitudes and the overall experience negative. The other options in cell service are just as bad so why even consider switching?  The whole industry has the consumers on a short leash and it shows. I wish I could say I'll never be back, but that isn't true and Verizon knows it. As a result the service just sucks.
