4	Ovation is a great venue to see a band. I was there to see Steel Panthers play. First, no cover. Second, the getting in the door and wrist bands were so simple. Ovation is very spacious in the way that clubs go. While it was crowded, you could move and breathe. Plenty of tables that you can reserve. One large bar in the back and there was a side bar with Bud Light and Red Bull specials. All of the ways in the back of the Green Valley Ranch Resort. Parking was kind of far away from the resort but there was plenty.
3	Its an ok venue. A few local bands were playing here for a charity show. Decent sized club. In my opinion there wasnt enough seating, lots of "reserved" tables/booths.It was pretty easy to get and out of the club. It was quite a hike to get from the parking garage to the venue.
3	We came here for Monday night football since it's pretty close to where my cousin lives. All draft beers were $2. Inside the casino you can get $1 beer and hot dogs, but of course you can't bring it inside the bar/lounge. They do sell popcorn, nachos and pulled-pork sandwiches inside until the end of the 3rd quarter.They had a huge projection tv screen and during the commercials they would give out raffle prizes. You can get a ticket for each beer or cocktail you purchase. Green tickets for the beer, and red tickets for the cocktails I believe. I didn't like how the girl was mostly picking only red tickets for the raffle prizes. She should have just stuck her hand in and grabbed whatever ticket she felt first without looking around and moving the tickets around. They also had a bikini contest during half time, which I think is rigged since their own prize girl won. Just an ok place for me.
4	Great place to see a band, not so great in the drink prices.
5	Great place to watch Monday Night Football, Concerts or Ultimate Fighting Events. Its a dark spacious room with great viewing screens and a great sound system
3	Steel Panther, Vegas, Booze.  There aren't too many things a man could ask for.  The Ovation lounge is a pretty cool place to see music acts, it's spacious, good views from all around the room and the sound system is pretty awesome.    In my case, i got to see Steel Panther here for free and it was a pretty raad show!!!!!!     PLUS, there's always hott girls at their shows.
4	I went to Ovation to see the musical "Rent."  The venue was really good for this kind of show.  The semi-circular seating with a fairly good size stage.  It was a perfect spot for staging a musical like rent with a small band but a large cast.
3	We came here to see Aaron Lewis from Staind, to perform at Ovation. Now the performance was awesome, I wouldn't mind seeing Aaron Lewis again.  As far as Ovation goes, there has been mixed thoughts here and there.  The place did look good on the outside and inside.  But didn't really like the fact about the seating.  We did get the cheapest one, so it was kind of in the back area.  It is a good view, but the chairs were a bit uncomfortable.  Plus, not everyone has a small waist line, so it wasn't really cool when the chairs were like right against each other.  Basically had to push them out, so people could have room to sit and not be squished.  The seating wasn't even fully labelled, that some people had the wrong seating, or had issues finding their seat.  But, all that, only happens when your probably going there to see a performance of some sort.  As far as the Venue goes, its a decent size to hold a small concert or performance.  It does have a bar in the back, so you can always get something to drink.  They do have waitress walking around, so you don't have to get up all the time.  They do have booth, for those VIP people.  I say, any other event then a performance or a concert, that it does have plenty of room to roam around.  Now, for future reference, if you plan to go to a concert at this place, where its more of a sit down concert.  Then it might be a bit unsatisfying.  Especially if you buy cheap tickets, you get the cheap crowd, who can't STFU.  Then again, if you can handle the crowd who can't shut it, withstand the uncomfortable seating and focus on the performance, then its not a bad place over all.  If you love the person you plan to go see perform, I suggest to go the extra few bucks and get better seating, instead of the back.  At least you'll probably get your money's worth.
2	I came here last night to see Rent and as far as the show went that was 5 stars all the way but this is a review of Ovation. I agree with Ken on the whole not letting you in with drinks. Its just silly. We had to slam our drinks outside which made us late and by the time we got inside there were only a few seats left. We were lucky to find two together WAY in the back. The seats are VERY close together so there is no room. You are right up close to the person next to you and god help you if they are big they will be on your lap.I would have given another star but during the show when the performers were doing something quiet you could hear the party going on outside since there is just a curtain that separates the casino bar from the venue. So that was a little distracting. It might not be an issue for people seated in the front.So if you go splurge for a table. I dont know how much that would cost but I am sure it would be worth it since events here run fairly cheap.
5	Well this review is really for Steel Panther and they have a revolving weekend location between the House of Blues at Mandalay and here on Saturday nights. Both are FREE!! for locals which is really the best value in town. This band is trapped in the 80's and awesome. They play a few cover songs and have some really funny original songs as well. They also have a very crude sense of humor so, don't get offended if you get picked on in the crowd. But yeah they rock..The only issue I have with Ovation is that it is pretty smokey.
4	I have been here several times now to watch Steel Panther (let me just say that this classic rock cover band is amazing!).  The venue is spacious and its a great place to go catch some great shows.  Located inside Green Valley Ranch Casino, go check it out!
2	** Splitting this review into two parts! My rating coincides more so to the Ovation venue than Steel Panther itself! **OVATION (REASON FOR TWO STARS): Let me just say I'm not quite sure what the goal was for the door people, but they were only letting 2-4 people in at a time the night I went to see Steel Panther. There was still a line outside even when the show was halfway well over, and I couldn't imagine how the people at the end of the line were feeling when the doormen were literally trickling people in 2 at a time for the show. It was a free show, but then again the doormen were doing it for the purpose of getting a couple extra bucks in their pockets, to which that in itself made me instantly give this place a 2 because how are you going to panhandle locals like that, in a local casino, with a free show?! Besides from the not so great service from the doormen, the venue is small, but caters enough to the crowd that comes there.STEEL PANTHER (FOUR STARS!): Free show, and these guys are hilarious! There's a possibility for them to pull you up on stage to jam out with them/take part in their ridiculous skits, so I would advise to dress super glam and get drunk if you want to get pulled up on stage with them (the more outrageous you are with them, the better!) They cover a lot of the 80s based rock (hence their look and theme), but these guys crack jokes at the typical stereotypes of rock and roll. Each show is unique, so expect something completely different every time.
5	Come to see steel panther!
4	The sound and lighting was very well done. A refreshing occurrence in this town of horrible music venues. We found a table straight away and the cocktail server stopped by a short while later, with a smile asking if we needed anything. our drinks came out pretty quickly, for an expected (high) price. I couldn't tell if there was alcohol in my drink, and there was so much ice in the cup, the mixer was rather light as well. Throughout the night, she seemed to keep her smile whenever she came by our table.I am not sure who is to blame in this instance, my experience is that there is shared blame. Music venues in Vegas love to advertise, and have the bands playing within them, advertise doors at X time, show at Y. 95% of the time X is later than advertised, and Y is WAYYYY later than advertised.In this case, doors were open on time, however, the show was almost an hour late starting. This could have been the venue or the band, not certain. Luckily though, they also extended the end time, so the second band did not have to cut their set short to accommodate whoever decided to be 45 minutes late starting.
4	I've been to Ovation twice now - once for a band and once for a musical. Of the lounges I've been to in other casinos, Ovation is my favorite. It's spacious and open with a modern feel. You definitely don't feel like you are packed in and practically sitting on your neighbor's lap. Plus, I like the crescent-shaped booths. The sound quality is pretty good and the cocktail servers are attentive. Definitely a good spot to catch a show.
4	Great place to see a show.  Small venue, some tables, standing room otherwise when I went there.  Sound wasn't ear-bleedingly loud. Bartenders were friendly.  We sat at a table, but never saw a server come our way, but the show was free, so we weren't complaining.  I'd go back and see another show here.
3	Attended ACTS last night.  The show was fun and all of the money raised went to support Safe Nest.  The review is for the location only.  The bartender was good and didn't seem chintzy with the vodka, not heavy handed either, just a good pour.  I was at a table near the front.  The base of the table was so sticky that my shoe kept getting stuck to it.  (Ew!)  I was afraid that I would forget about it, try to get up, and fall on my face.  The sound system was good and there was good acoustics.  The waitresses were overly attentive.  I would say middle of the road.
5	Friday nights, around 10:30pm, without question, the best music value in the Las Vegas Valley - The Lon Bronson All-Star Band!  No fewer than 5 horns, usually 2 guitars, 3 or more singers, drums, percussion, keyboards and bass - oh, plus the "lovely Amy" doing an occasional dance number ("You Can Leave Your Hat On") - a tongue-in-cheek tribute to "Old Vegas".  Lon's been doing this gig for over 20 years with the best Strip musicians on their night off - simply "nailin' it".  If you like Tower of Power, Chicago, Earth Wind & Fire, Steely Dan, The Who, The Beatles, Pink Floyd, Motley Crue, among others, this is the place for you.  Penn Jillette sat in recently - what a hoot!  Danny Seraphine from Chicago, Doc Krupka from TOP, Drew Zingg from Steely Dan - you never know who will show up.  Oh, did I mention NO COVER?  Drinks are modestly priced and sound and lighting are second to none.  The acoustics are amazing with the bar open to the casino, preventing bass build-up.  Tasty!
3	It was good while it lasted. R.I.P. Ovation, 15 May 2007 - 24 November 2012. Source: http://www.lasvegassun.com/blogs/kats-report/2012/nov/01/if-you-want-see-show-ovation-green-valley-ranch-ma/.You weren't here with us in body long, but in spirit -- the memories you forged will be with (some of) us forever. One of the very few, area live music venues to support locally grown Imagine Dragons (I am looking at you, Book/Stage) and to take a chance with the unique hair metal shockers Steel Panther. I attended a handful of Steel Panther sets, three Imagine Dragons headlined shows -- including a Rock 'n Wine and the one where they brought Moving Picture Show to open up for them (after having played with them on the same KROQ concert at The Viper Room) -- and a Picture Pilot set while they still had Tony Venniro as their frontman.There were many free shows here, and a few ticketed ones too, but I would have to say that the doormen went FULL JERK only for the free shows. They would form these artificial queues, letting two-three-four patrons in at a time every ten-fifteen minutes until the show ended. The floor could be less than half full -- nay, one fourth full -- and these doormen would engage in this patented brand of idiocy. Alas, it is all in the past (unless some of these fine, upstanding employees have been employed at other venues) ...Perhaps if the doormen had not unnecessarily stopped concert-goers from entering, these patrons could have purchased over*priced alcoholic beverages once inside enjoying tunes, and made Ovation profitable to remain open. Thanks, doormen. - E
5	One of the best people watching spots on a Saturday night, alas the Ovation has closed and they are putting in a Bingo Parlor. SHAME on you GVR for killing the last of the eighties with your corporate crap.
