2	Sunday am Hung Over needing to eat like now. The kids wanted bagels and this was the closet place. I had been here years ago and was surprised to see it is still there. The place was not too busy, there were seats available. The staff was rude, Shelby the "manager" although cute could care less about taking my order. She had pressing issues and had to explain how to mop or sweep or what ever the other dude was doing. I obviously should have waited until they were done. LOL The bagels were squished flat like a pancake, although good flavor the thing looked like crap. The Hot Choc was 700 degrees and they knew it was for a kid. It was watery until we realized it was because the Choc syrup was pooled in the bottom of the cup. The frapachino thing was too sweet for a 13 year old to eat. She tossed over 1/2 of it. The Dr Pepper was good. :)
1	I usually love Einsteins.  I love their blackberry lemonade and their six cheese bagels.  However I do not love this location.  It is right around the corner from my house, I do not even have to leave my residential roads to enter here, but I will never go here again.  Why do you ask?  It is because they have the worst customer service ever.  Every time I have been in here (which is about 6-7) they are very rude to me.  I do not know why.  I do not know if they are having a bad day or what but they are extremely unfriendly here, and its not always the same person. They lost my business for good.
4	I like this one.  I just wish they had wifi.
4	Way over priced but great food
2	I love their bagels, they always taste good.  I don't know a single person that doesn't love their bagels and cream cheese.  The place is always clean also, the prices are a little high, but it's not so high that it's stopping me from going.The only thing I don't like is one of the girls that works there.  She's just awkward towards me every time I go in there and rude.  She can service 5 people before me, and then walk away when it comes to me and tells me to wait.  Even when it's dead and there is only two people in the whole building, she'll service the people before me and walk away for minutes ignoring me. Last time I was in there she serviced everyone before me, and then walked away and I heard her ask a coworker to take my order, make it, and ring me up.  I'm way to old to know this girl, there's no way we went to high school together, I'm 100% I am NEVER rude to staff anywhere I go cause I've been in there shoes at some point before (work wise).  And I've ignored her little attitude for months now, but it's getting old, and I think I just might be willing to start driving the extra miles to a different location where I don't have to put up with this anymore.And it's not just her attitude towards me, I've seen her be rude to her coworkers before.  Snapping at them acting like she's the only one working and she feels everyone else is lazy.  It's an appetite killer to be treated poorly, and it's an appetite killer to watch someone treat their coworkers like dirt too.
4	Bagel poppers...where have you been all my life? I want one. No, more like five hundred.  I think I ate five throughout the day after a gigantic lunch and the only thing that saved me from complete morbid obesity was that other dentists equally addicted to sweets were there and they vanished. I sampled two boxed lunches and loved the turkey bagel sandwich. The club had a spicy funky dressing I wasn't ready to jazz with but the dessert made more than up for that. The chocolate chip cookies were still slightly warm and fantastic! Then the bagel poppers: luscious soft cinnamon sugar enveloped bagels melting like a donut in your mouth. When I came home I quickly announced to the boyfriend I have a new favorite food. You can guess what it is.
5	Always amazing service and food :)
2	I have been here several times and I scold myself every time "Why do you come here? The bagels are not that tasty, the coffee's are ok at best and they are real slow ( don't come here if you are in a hurry) and they are pricey." Then I tell myself it was convenient since it's down the street. If you want a good bagel go to Safeway the bagels there are big, soft and chewy and the best part they are only 50 cents.
2	Was driving down the street and saw the Einstein sign as I was almost about to pass it.  Luckily for me there were no other cars in my way and I veered across two lanes of traffic to make it into the parking lot.  The place was so deserted out front that I actually had to check Yelp to see if they were open, confirmed they were then made my way inside.  The place was completely empty so I made my way right to the front.  However once I got up to the counter there was no one there to help me.  Now, I'm not 100% sure a bell went off when I walked in but I'm pretty sure it did, you know, to alert the people in the back when someone walks in in just this kind of example.  I could hear a group of people talking and laughing in the back but no one was coming out to check on the front.  I also noticed a camera pointing at the counter, not sure if that's for management to watch the staff or for the staff to watch for customers but either way it wasn't helping me get a bagel any faster.After a few minutes a girl finally walked out to help me and didn't act very apologetic about the lack of service.  Once she took my order another girl went through the process of actually toasting and preparing my bagel and she was quick and polite.  The bagel itself was as good as I knew it would be and I'll go back to other locations but the service I received at this particular one will definitely prevent me from returning here.
4	We have been going here almost daily for years.  Love the coffee and bagels.Nice community of regulars that we have gotten to know.The Dutch Apple Bagel is the best!
4	I've been coming to this location for as long as I can remember. It seems though over the years it has lost it's edge. Every time I go in they are ALWAYS out of the bagels I want. They are the more expensive bagels but I always have to settle for the cheaper ones. I've voiced my opinion about them always being out all the time but it never seems to change. On a visit about a month ago, I heard three staff members complaining about the manager of the store. For a good 15 minutes. It was getting so bad that I almost got out of my chair and approached them but I didn't want to cause a scene. It's not professional and quite frankly, a little disheartening. Maybe one day they will fix the issues they are having but in the meantime, I will continue to support this business for the one or two staff members that do their job and have good customer service.Update: They have improved quite a lot the last few months. I am not sure if it was staff changes or if they have been reading reviews, but they have improved. Good job guys.
5	The only problem I've ever had here was one in October when they were out of pumpkin, but they said all Einsteins in the area were. Aside from that, I've always enjoyed this location. It feels like a coffee shop inside, with people gathered to read papers and star their days. The ambiance almost makes me feel like I am back in college while I am there.
3	I'd like to give this place an updated review, it's deserved as it's been years.  The good and the bad about the place now.Bad: They always seem to be out of the types of bagels that I want.  I understand if you go in at 2pm close to closing time but at 10am you're out already, really?  The Good: They have always been willing to make me whatever kind of bagel I wanted, as long as I was willing to wait the 15 minutes to get it.Good: They don't seem to be busy the last 5 times I've been there. I can usually walk right up to order.  Which because it's so dead could be what's contributing to them not being in stock with bagels.  Why would you want to make them if no one is buying them.Good: Plenty of parking everywhere, even before they became dead there was plenty of parking.Bad: Their coffee drinks are really expensive and the 3 kinds that I've tried did not taste good.  This is coming from a coffee addict who would have no problem snorting a line of ground coffee and shooting espresso into her veins.  I'm pretty sure if I stopped drinking coffee my heart would stop beating.  It's possibly the only thing that keeps me alive.  I'll drink house coffee, circle K coffee, starbucks coffee, you name anywhere I'll love it because it's coffee. Iced, hot, dripped, doing the Macarena frap whip topped w/ and extra shot of oh hell yeah that's so good.  Just coffee is amazing!!!  But I will not buy it from here, it's yucky.  Just stick with their bagels and cream cheeses.Good: Cream cheeses to go! I love their honey, strawberry, and plain flavors, I buy them all the time to go.  And there is plenty of spaces to sit since it's so empty there all the time.Bad: It's empty all the time, meaning they'll possibly end up shutting down pretty soon here if they don't get business numbers up.  Either they are dying out or I've just happened to always go on days and times that no one else is there.But anyway, go there yourself and make your own judgement.
