3	Post Offices in my part of town are dropping like fruit flies in insecticide. We tried putting up a good fight in Marchmont to keep our old post office (right next to Margiotta's) but lost that fight with pale depressing colours. So, hurrah to the Tollcross Post Office for simply being able to keep itself open! This post office isn't as quirky as the Forrest Road one, which has loads of useless tourist stuff to buy, but it nonetheless sells your standard post-related supplies. I mean, it's to be expected, isn't it?Located just across from Real Foods, it's minutes away from the Meadows (not over a hundred metres) and keeps people happily posting things to people they want things posted to. I'm a fan of snail mail and think people should put pen to paper more often than not. So, here's to post offices keeping their neck over water (head over water? Insert here appropriate expression).
3	This is a useful little post office and the first port of call should you wish to send a letter or parcel with reasonable prices.  The staff also have a decent knowledge of a variety of services they have on offer so if you are unsure you should be able to get what you want.Beyond postal and post office related items there isn't much else as it's not a convinience store just a post office.  However, it does the job it needs to do and let's be honest, that is what matters.
3	I never know what I am going to get when I walk into this post office  sometimes the service is fantastic: friendly and helpful; at other times I find it difficult and begrudging. The store is a little cramped, and not laid out in the best of ways (tills on two walls) but they do have most things you will need (cards, wrapping paper, pens, bubble wrap, packaging, photocopying services). The queues can be quite long at peak times (e.g. lunch time) but they usually make sure to have plenty of staff on, so yo don't normally have to wait too long.
2	Not a big fan of this post office to be honest, i've had a handful of good experiences (chatty staff, that's about it) but mostly bad. One time I forgot to mention to the guy that I wanted a postal receipt until after he put the label on (but before I had paid)... this has happened a few times & normally its fine but the guy started having a go at me to the point of almost shouting! I find most of them to be pretty rude as its not the 1st time i've been moaned groaned at... have also seen on 2 occasions people having full out arguments in here with staff.  Also the last time I visited I sent 3 items,... all of which the different receivers never claimed to have received. Coming from someone who posts 20-50 items a week (ebay) at other post offices & about 1 in 100 ever claim not to be received, I thought it was VERY coincidental that all seemed to be lost from this post office. Who knows, its probably just chance but its the last time I will ever visit this one again!
3	I like the Post office and I like to support local business.  I can see why this wee post office utilizes every single bit of space with stuff to sell, but it would actually benefit from a bit of a de-clutter.  E.G I was looking at wrapping paper today and the top sheets are all faded in the sun. At lunch time this place is queued out of the door so it is certainly needed, but there is stuff in every isle that it makes it difficult to manoeuvre around the place especially if you were in a wheel chair or had a pram!.
