5	Our friends treated us to our first 4d ultrasound.  This place is amazing! The packages they offer give you so much, the ultrasound tech and receptionist were just beyond friendly and helpful and the clarity of the ultrasound was out of this world. We would recommend this facility to anyone that is expecting. We are going back in 8-10 more weeks for a follow up!
5	We were greeted by Karen who was so nice! She did not try ad push anything on my husband and I which was nice. We were taken in for the ultrasound early. Yi our sonographer was wonderful. She told us everything we were seeing and went over our son's "parts" several times to reassure me as we are only 15 weeks. I cannot rave enough about the experience. I will be going back in about 12 weeks just to watch my little boy again.We drove in from Tucson and I will do it again in a heartbeat.  5 star service all the way around!
1	In followup, this place is run poorly. Like I said in previous review the Phoenix location service was wonderful BUT I was asked to write a yelp review and in return I would receive a gift certificate. I followed all directions in calling once the review was made. I was told that day "our manager will be here tomorrow between 8-3 please call back". I did and then was told the person that does the GC was out if town and would call me on Friday with the GC. Today, Friday I call at 3:30pm and am told that the person is on vacation until the 22nd. Too bad for me. I asked to speak to the person in charge was told NO. I gave them fair opportunity to have that person call me back. They refused. I am sad to say that I would not recommend this business due to their lack of honesty.
2	Was not able to determine gender which was disappointing it's self, but even more disappointing is we were handed a cd with pictures that were of terrible quality. I felt like we were rushed since they were running late on the appointment before me. Going back only because they will do another gender check for free. She did mostly 2D sonogram were were expecting more 3D. Which she only did for about 1 minute, Im guessing that is the reason for the terrible quality in the pictures.
2	We went here for our very first ultrasound with our first pregnancy about a month ago.  We were not sure what to expect. When we walked in, the woman at the counter was nice enough. The waiting room has no decor at all but that didn't matter too much to us...just kind of odd. The place is very cold and there was a woman waiting in the waiting room when we got there...at least we thought she was a customer but it turns out, she was our ultrasound tech sitting on her phone. Kind of odd as well... After we finished filling our our paperwork, she got up and went into the other room where she pulled us back moments later. The room was huge so good if you have a big crowd but again, zero personal touches to the decor of the room...just a long row of simple chairs up against the wall in front of a projector screen.  She spent about 5 mins on our ultrasound (which was actually very painful and she pushed so hard into my stomach I cringed), said its a girl, congrats and sat me up and said thanks. We walked out with about 4 printed pictures and an unfriendly goodbye. Would not ever go back here again. The people on the phone when I called back a couple weeks later were absolutely unwilling to help answer my questions and now that we've had a couple other ultrasounds...would never recommend this place.
5	We had a great experience here. Appt was right on time and the DVD and prints came out as expected. Best price from the other places we checked.
1	Worst experience. I was so excited to go see what my baby looks like . I went at 28 weeks , they completely ruined what could have been a beautiful experience. My appointment was at 2:30 pm I called to let them know I was to be late by a minute or two due to traffic . When I arrived the 2 women who worked there the ultrasound tech and receptionist barely greeting me . I asked for the platinum package and they tried getting me to change it because they had schedule someone after me, which makes no sense . Pictures came out horrible the DVD was a complete waste. OUT OF FOCUS ,BLURRY you could barely make out the baby . Gave them 2nd chance. I went at 31 weeks . They messed up again I had the same ultrasound tech she doesn't know how to do her job! Again pictures are horrible . I seriously just threw it away such a waste and disappointment.
1	This place is absolutely garbage! I would never ever recommend this place to any parents looking to lay eyes on there little one! We went with the place due to the fact it was decently priced and also read a few reviews so looked like a good choice. First offthe website although very cheap and basic makes it seem as though its a nice place. The location is not good to begin with. When we arrived it was very small and confined and seemed like it was thrown together in a few hours. So we get there and right away they make you sign a NO REFUND PAPER.. hmmm ok then not a decent greeting. Then the made us wait in the "waiting area" for the employees to finish there convo. We go back to start it and the Ult. Tech was very rude and impatient and spoke broken up english. Our baby was not facing the right direction so she kept pushing very hard on the baby to get her to turn and kept saying rude remarks about it. She said that we can come back again if we wanted but need to pay more fees. She was saying I even wasted an extra 20 minutes on you. We paid for the basic 89 $ plan and didnt recieve nothing at all no pics dvds nothing!!! All because the baby wasnt facing which I understand but to not get any services or products and spent that money that is complete trash! Please dont waste your time and money at this. The only positive reviews to me on her seem like "employees" .. good luck with your lil ones and stay faraway!! THANK ME LATER
5	Let me just set the record straight that no I'm not the Prego one! My favorite niece was sweet enough to ask me as well as some other family & friends to join her and her husband to see her 1st born"s 4D ultra sound, of course I wouldn't miss it!  When I got there I was surprised at how many of us were there to witness this amazing event  (around 15) but more so how the heck  would there be room for everybody. We were quickly led into a large waiting room and within minutes were led into the ultra sound room, To my surprise the room had rows and rows of seating, extra chairs on the side, 2 large screens the only thing missing was popcorn! We were able to see her beautiful baby boy from head to toe, not difficult because his toes were up next to his adorable face. How amazing to see his beautiful face, sweet eyes flutter, his hands & feet wiggle, he even stuck his tongue out! Amazing, and how great that this could be shared with your family & friends.Within 10 minutes after she had color as well as black & white pictures, so beautiful!Thank you to my sweet neice and to Baby's 1st Ultrsound for the wonderful experience! I am looking forward to seeing my newphew's face again in 5 short weeks.Did it make me want one of my own, that's a big NO I have plenty but for anyone who is expecting their own bundle of joy I highly recommend this experience! .
3	I came here on Saturday to get the Gender Screening package and I brought some of my friends along. I had a previous early ultrasound that told us what sex the baby was, but I wanted to get one when I was further along. I was greeted by a very cheerful young lady who welcomed us, directed us to the waiting room, and gave me some paperwork to fill out. The wait was very short and then we went into the screening room with the Ultrasound Tech. The Tech was very nice, but fast. I don't think we were there for longer then 10min. However, we did get a lot more pictures then anticipated, and they were of good quality. If I were to get more ultrasound pics, I would try this place again. The prices are very good.
5	This place is amazing. I went in with 11 of my friends to find baby sex and to have our baby's first 4d ultrasound. The image is very clear and they told me I was having a girl which I later confirmed with my doctor. Went in at 16 weeks. We did the $79 package which in my opinion is the best one. They accommodate all of us comfortably and the experience lasted about 15 minutes maybe a little less. I think the location is a little off because the people that were outside looked a little weird I don't know what they were waiting for but I think this place is about right for the price and quality. I would definitely recommend it to my friends it was a nice experience. They have a huge salon to accommodate your guests although when we just got there it was a bit snug don't let that fool you. Overall it was a good experience we'll be coming back later in my pregnancy as they gave me a discount ticket. Good place and fair price where everywhere else was really expensive. I would recommend it to my friends. The technician was knowledgable and nice too.
1	They Horrible Service And Hospitality,  I Was Charged and Never Got Any Pictures Nor DVD. Because of the baby's position, and in order to reschedule I have to pay again, so I will be reporting them to the better business bureau
3	Went on a Wednesday, 14 weeks pregnant. She was able to determine it was a girl right away. Pretty quick 15-20 min session, but I got my pictures I thought they were good considering they baby is tiny as lemon. Loved the heartbeat teddy bear. Smaller than I hoped but still cute. The front office chick was nice on the phone, greeted too. The tech was nice. The place is tiny but still nice. Other than that was worth the $89 I spent.
2	I should have just paid for the gender determination, but I was so excited to see my little one I wanted a longer visit so I got the 20 minutes and extra pictures/DVD. Waste of money! Was so sad, I wish the ultrasound tech that worked there was a little more personal and up beat about her job since it's such an exciting time especially for moms to be. She found out right away was a girl, didn't say anything else and for the next 10-15 minutes (until she got her 20 pictures) just sat there and snapped pictures . Which turned out such bad quality printed and even on the disk. We didn't even keep the pictures or use the cd the quality was that bad. And no it wasn't the baby or me not drinking enough fluids I came with a full bladder intentionally and then 3 weeks later I went to my anatomy scan at my regular ultrasound place and the pictures were 10 times better. It was worth finding out I'm having a girl, but I would pay extra money and go somewhere else where it's taken a little bit more serious and your treated nicer.
3	Only (3) stars due to the quality of the pictures. I made the appointment the same day which was great! Scheduled at 4:30pm we arrived 4:25 where given some paperwork to fill out & right away i was called in. Cant deny how nervous I was, as we where about to find out our baby's gender! Its a GIRL! It literally brought tears to my eyes when i saw her... This is my 1st and im really excited. We got the gender determination package & where able to see our baby girl wiggle & kick & wave Lol We received the BLACK & WHITE pictures & they were of horrible quality. You cant see the baby (see picture ) Overall i was happy with the experience of watching her move.
1	Seriously, I came from San Diego to give my dad a chance to see the baby. Service was just plain horrible. They didn't want to work with us on any packages. I didn't want to buy a big package cause there's no point, I had another ultrasound in SD before and I bought the complete package, with teddy bear and everything. So, I ended up giving 20 extra bucks for 15 min but it ended up been 9 min to see my chunky monkey!  & I checked in to get another extra 4 pictures and it's basically the same damn pictures. I was soo pissed off and I don't recommend this place at all. Horrible.
