3	It was good...not great. The burger was fresh, cooked properly, but fried with not enough flavor. It was sort of a greasy, fried burger with nothing special. There was no wow factor at all. The people working were friendly, clean and asked how it was. The joint was clean and properly kept up. The only cooking mistake I saw was they squish the heck out of everything they cook, and used the same spatula and squisher on both beef and chicken. Someone with a chicken allergy does not want it in the hamburger. Would I go back. You Bet! but I would have to spice the burger a little more.
2	This place was ok. Classic drive in burger grub. However it took a good 1/2 hour to get our food. Not cool. Garden burger was satisfactory and the seasoned fries, crisp. I was told the burgers were very fresh and they have tater tots. Just don't expect a quick meal.
4	For being in Wickenburg...It is worth stopping here rather than a fast food chain. We were in a group of about ten and we didn't wait more than 10 minutes for all of our food to be ready. It was a Sunday afternoon if that makes a difference.The burgers were fresh, but not exciting. An order of onion rings was plenty for two people. Chocolate malt was good. I will definitely stop in again if I have a burger craving.
4	A damn good, real burger!  Totally worth dropping in... great cheeseburger and the generous portion of fries had to be shared among 4 adults!
5	Stopped in for an early dinner, after driving past here two times and the parking lot was packed.  This place fills like a little blast from the past without all the cheesy 50's dinners everyone is familiar with.  Atmosphere is super comfortable from the minute you walk into the place.  The staff was outgoing and very nice.  I ordered a screamer cheeseburger, my husband ordered a BBQ burger and we split an order of seasoned fries.  The place has all the great classic burgers and shakes on the menu, even tater tots.  Burger and fries were excellent!  I totally know where to stop to eat next time in Wickenburg, Az.
5	Stopped by this hamburger joint last weekend after visiting the vulture mine ghost town and they have great burgers. This is a must if you are visiting wickenburg. Good 50's atmosphere, good prices and friendly staff.
5	Great little roadside dive. Worth the stop.
4	I was legitimately surprised by this place. Driving up, you think this is going to be a family version of sonic. Its not. Walking in, you think maybe its more like a small Nifty 50's or something. Definitely not. This place makes some damn good burgers and for pretty cheap.The menu isn't huge, but it doesnt need to be. The burgers are juicy, well seasoned, and have a much more gourmet feel to them. Even the jr. burger is given the same time and care as the larger, more elaborate burgers.But just because they offer some fairly fancy burgers doesnt mean they've lost the junkier side of burgers and fries. The Nacho Cheese fries  were pretty darn good and the onion rings looked and smelled delicious. And I can't say a bad thing about a place that offers tots. TOTS! I think this place has just the right balance and puts the effort in where its most appreciated.Next time Im in the 'burg, Ill definitely be back.
4	Delicious burgers from fresh, not-frozen, beef. Need I say more?
3	Local joint. Always see a friendly face. The food isn't bad either!
4	No doubt this was the best burger I have had in a very long time! My mom, wife, and myself were on our way to Prescott and stopped here for lunch. I had their BBQ western burger, have to admit. This is a great burger! Very fresh patties, very seasoned. I would come back here again just for that.
4	Love this place! Great burgers, and amazing shakes. We've been going here for years and years, it's a must stop if you are in or going through Wickenburg. try the pineapple shake and of course a cheeseburger!
3	I heard about Screamers from the Huffington Post. They ran an article saying Screamer's Drive In in Wickenburg was among the best Drive Ins in America. You can sit in you car an order or order in at the counter and sit at a table. They also have a small patio.The burgers are 1/3 lb ground fresh chuck cooked on a flat top grill till well done.  ( the basic Screamer Burger only cost $3.75) They offer many different varieties along with other sandwiches like grilled chicken. They also make shakes and malts here. I thought the burger was OK not great but OK and better than a fast food burger as it was made from fresh real not processed meat and was hand packed. The woman working by herself was cheerful and efficient.My husband thought his double cheese Screamer Burger was tastier and juicier than the almost $20. Burger we have in Las Vegas recently.Bathrooms are outside and you need to ask for the key.Very little is out in Wickenburg. Last time I was here most places closed before lunch. This might be as good as it gets in Wickenburg.
5	IF we are anywhere close to Wickenburg we have to drive through and stop at screamers. The burgers are awesome. We've never had any mistakes and have always had good quality food. What makes this place is that the burger patties are always fresh, never frozen.
4	Yum. I had the green chili burger and husband had mushroom burger. Both were very good. Would eat here again.
2	Fun little place out in the middle of nowhere. I don't think I would make a detour for this place in the future.. But if you are in the area it isn't to bad. The Onion rings weren't very good. The burgers were pretty tasty and the fries were good. Overall kind of greasy.. But again, not a bad spot if you are in the area..
3	We use to love Screamers...but, when we took out of town friends there a couple days ago, we were disappointed.   Onion rings tasted like fish, the fries were over cooked and the sodas were flat.  We told the lady behind the counter about the sodas...than someone worked on the machine.  We had to ask for new sodas, which she gave us.
4	After reading some of the reviews my girlfriend and I decided to try this place. I had a bacon cheeseburger, she had the Western BBQ burger. These burgers were delicious. They were juicy and tender. We ordered chili cheese fries and onion rings to share. They were good but nothing to write home about. The staff was very friendly, patient, and helpful.In the end, it's an average diner with good burgers average sides, and good service. Anything that sounds good to you will be good but probably not the best you ever had.P.S. There isn't a lot of seating so depending on how busy they are it might be best to order it to go.
5	Not just my favorite burgers in Wickenburg, my favorite in Arizona.  Large burgers made to order with fresh beef, no processing, just a cook with a flat top and a spatula.  The portions of the side-orders are enough for two.  You always have to wait for your food, but that is because the meat does not hit the grill until you order it.
5	This place is a terrific little burger joint reminiscent of the classic burger drive-in restaurants of yesteryear.   We stop here several times when we visit the Wickenburg area and are always delighted by their food and service! The burgers are made fresh from real ground beef and are cooked to order unlike the flat, tasteless mystery discs you get from the big fast-food chains! They also have plenty of toppings to choose from to create the finishing touches on their ample sized burgers! Their fries and tator-tots are plentiful and well seasoned and make for a perfect combination.  Top that off with their homemade milkshakes made from real ice cream and you will be pleasantly stuffed! The prices are very reasonable for the quality of food you are getting and their service and atmosphere is always friendly.  We look forward to seeing them again and recommend you try them out...you will not be disappointed!
4	Good food, decent prices!
5	Amazing burgers. I live this place. It is my first time here and it had the great diner feel. I'm in town golfing. I will he back next time I'm in town.
5	The burgers here are excellent. The meat is never frozen and is cooked to perfection. I'm also a real fan of the onion rings. The real secret is the breakfast burritos though!  They are worth the trip!
5	Visiting Az from NJ and went Screamers yesterday. Had a terrific Mushroom Cheeseburger and a delicious chocolate shake. 5 of us agreed they have the best, fresh burgers we have tasted in a long time. We will be sure to stop there again. Loved the pictures of the old cars inside too
5	Great food prepared to order and generous servings. The burgers are among the best I've ever had. Highly recommended!
