5	****I have also posted this under Shampoo Ink's Yelp page because that is the salon she works at, but for the sake of fellow deal hunters she puts her deals under "Nails by Gaylee"****I found Gaylee via one of the daily deal type sites and booked her for Shellac.  Having recently over the past year become obessed with Shellac  (My job is rough on my hands and I gave up getting a traditional manicure or painting my own nails because they would not withstand the abuse...and then I found Shellac and my love affair began) I am always looking for a good deal on it.  I have gone to a couple of places (my usual discount place where normal manis are just fine..to find that their Shellac training isn't super...to other salons...to find that they mix Shellac with other off brands and then you have to go back twice to get them fixed in one week...don't get me started).  And then I found Gaylee.....I don't know what she does different, maybe it is because she listens to me when I say my hands go through the ringer at work and puts two top coats on... I don't know...  But I have never had better Shellac manicures than I have had with her!  Now every time I see a deal of her's online (I am on a strict budget here people...sorry...I would rather spend more money on the tip than the product) I grab it...Centrally located at Shampoo Ink, she is easy to get to when I am out and about running errands... She is flexible in her scheduling and witty in her chatting (last time I was in we actually looked up a new eatery down the street on Yelp mid manicure).  I would recommend her to anyone...*Side note...parking is a b*tch at Shampoo Ink, but it is worth the minor annoyance to get the best Shellac manicure in town....
5	Gaylee is awesome! been there for at least 3 shellac mani's and always beyond happy when I leave. She is also a fun, happy go lucky person. Highly recc her.
5	I have been to about 5 different places for shellac manicures.  Like many, when I see a "deal" for one, I grab it.  I don't get regular manicures often because they don't last and shellac is suppose to last about 2 weeks.  With that said, I had yet to find a place that actually gave you a manicure in addition to painting your nails with the shellac polish and that lasted the promised 2 weeks. They all call it a manicure but the result is never actually that.  Gaylee however, actually gave me a manicure (cut my cuticles, buffed and filed my nails, massage, etc.) AND it lasted ...what's going on 3 1/2 weeks.  Now, I know that sounds ridiculous but I refuse to take it off because the polish is still perfect (other than the nail growth that is getting quite obvious).  On all other occasions, the polish  started to chip in under a week, but not this time! I highly recommend Gaylee!!  She's very friendly as well!  The only partial complaint I have is that she is somewhat hard to get an appointment with but clearly it's because she's that good!
5	Gaylee is great! She is super sweet and so professional! Her work is amazing. I found her through one of those online deals and now I am convinced that I will never go elsewhere. Keep up the great work!
1	I found Gaylee to be the most unprofessional nail tech.  I found her on an internet deal.  I called her on Sat and requested an apt on the following Friday.  She never returned my call till I reported her.  She denied my 5 messages and said she only got one msg which she couldn't return cause she lost her voice.  She conveniently had a voice after she was investigated.  I would never trust her to do my nails.  Yet reading the reviews she did return some calls.
5	This was by far the best pedicure I have ever had!  Gaylee was great and although I was there longer than expected it was well worth it.  I scheduled my next appointment before I left.
