4	Beautiful lake shore area of Lake Mendota on the UW-Madison campus.  Numerous trails and a bike path.  We just happened on this area of the campus by accident.  This place is mostly definitely a destination for those who love the outdoors, exercise and don't have the time to get out of the city (Madison) to find mother nature.  A peaceful, beautiful place.
4	The best running path I could find in Madison -- scenic the entire way.  You share the path with bikers for about 1/2 the route, but most of those areas are pretty wide, so there isn't too much conflict.
5	I. Love. Lakeshore. Path.My freshman year I lived in the Lakeshore dorms and had such a love/hate (mainly hate) relationship with it because it was, like, 100 miles from downtown! Then one day I realized I was living in a freaking beautiful place literally feet from a lake and miles of well-maintained dirt paths for running, walking, and biking. The path winds past the marching band practice field, out to picnic point, and can lead you over to the Eagle Heights woods. Look, there's even a cool interactive map! http://lakeshorepreserve.wisc.edu/imap/LakeshoreNaturePreserve.htmlFrom Memorial Union to Picnic point is about 2.5 miles. If you continue to hug the shore you can squeeze in a bit of trail running out to Frautchi Point and beyond. If you get to the Class of 1918 Marsh and retrace your steps back to the Union you can get in a full 9 miles. Rockin'!
5	Wonderful spot to hike just minutes from downtown.  Ample parking near the trail heads (see map on their website) that's free in evenings and on weekends.  Bikes are NOT allowed in the Preserve so be sure to bring a lock so you can stroll around.  From the parking lot it's an approximately one mile hike on packed pea gravel out to Picnic Point. There are six fire-pits you pass along the way, all of which you can reserve. The first two face East and the third is right by a bit of sandy beach, facing West (probably the best for sunset viewing!), the fourth and fifth are smack next to each other and have a bit of trees blocking the sunset view.  #6 is at the end of the walk and would be quite a busy area - awesome views but no privacy at all. Besides the bustling trail out to Picnic Point, there are lots of less-busy dirt trails that snake through the woods, along the lake, and past community gardens.  The trails are well-maintained and SHADY!!!  Dogs ARE allowed everywhere on-leash.  SCREEEEEECH (sound of me dragging out my soapbox).  ATTENTION FELLOW DOG OWNERS: almost ALL Madison parks ban dogs completely -- this is one of the few spots we can actually bring on-leash dogs so PUHLEEEASE respect the "keep your dog on a leash" rule so we don't lose this spot as well!!  I KNOW you think your dog is well-behaved BUT #1) you don't know which people you pass are afraid of dogs and your dog roaming could freak them out #2) you don't know who is coming around the bend, walking their dog-aggressive canine on-leash.  If you really want to walk your dog off-leash, there are awesome dog parks for that.  I have a list, I checked 'em alllll out for you.  Go there!Okay. Enough of that.  But if I see you on the trails with your dog off-leash now you know why I'm giving you the stink eye while hoping you step in gum and then dog poop (in that order).  Besides that, these trails are AWESOME!!!
