5	Apparently, this place is way more off the beaten path than I could have imagined, since when I went to look up the info to do this review, it failed to register. That notwithstanding, it IS there, really.How do I know? I've visited this cozy little spot for the last 10 years, every time I and my reality Check Tv cohorts roll into town. We stay at RCTV HQ off the Strip, (aka Mel's Place), which is about 3-5 minutes away by car on Sahara Ave., near Boulder Hwy. There's a zillion car dealerships along the street, so head away from the Strip towards Boulder, and it's on the right, with a Walgreen's right next to it.In any event, the restaurant caters to an older, old-school Vegas crowd, and has both a coffee shop and full bar, serving breakfast, lunch and dinner 24 hours a day. DDDanny's Dad, the aforementioned Mel, turned us on to this joint, which has the cheapest grub and drinks in town. A Sam Adams on draft is a mere $2.25, and breakfasts run from 3.95 to about 8 bux, with generous portions that even Danny sometimes can't chow down. There's awesome pancakes, a variety of egg dishes, great combos, and a big ol' burger with fries for only $4.95.Not only that, but it's all served up cheerfully by a very sweet bunch of ladies, who know our host Mel very well, and by now have come to expect our yearly visits.All that being said, it's not for the diet conscious. It's good, hearty and greasy--perfect to buck up after a wild late nite drinking and debauchery session, which we often have while visiting during the annual AVN Awards/ Adult Entertainment Expo.
5	This is totally an unassuming spot for excellent homestyle comfort food. Don't be turned off by the decor or the fact that it's a 24 hr video casino/bar, too. The food is delicious, the portions are huge, and the service is friendly and engaging. Highly recommended for anyone who wants great food for a great price. It can be best described as a true local's secret.I had the Chicken Fried Steak and eggs ($6.95), my gf had the Ranch Hand Special ($4.95), neither one of us could finish all our food. All in all definitely worth the drive over.One thing to note is that it is CASH ONLY, however they do have an ATM.
1	The food is good and the kitchen staff is very friendly but I have to give this place low marks for the bartending staff.  They're all braindead, particularly the old a**hole who works wed and thurs graveyard.   This isn't a place you go to have a drink and socialize.  I don't even know why they have a bar there anyway.  The place caters to the chain smoking, compulsive gambling grandparents that have no life except the machine in front of them.   That, and the hookers, who are ugly beyond description.
1	A couple of coworkers and I walked in here last weekend.  We had the pleasure of meeting the biggest jerk of a bar tender I've ever come across in Las Vegas.  ZERO stars.  I will never spend another cent in this place.
5	Food and staff are really great! Tom the manager will tell you all sorts of interesting stories. Food and service are awesome AND affordable; a rare sight in Vegas these days. This place has been there for 40 years so be sure to check it out!
5	I'm frequently in Vegas and always make it a point to stop at Sahara Saloon. It's not gourmet food, but it is a good meal, very affordable and the Bloody Mary's are great!
4	Referred to this location for breakfast by a service advisor when I brought my Prius to Fletcher Jones Toyota. I was suprised at how small the place is but also by how well my breakfast tasted. Ordered the ham steak w/2 eggs over medium, hashbrowns and english muffins all for $5.95. Service was excellent. It wasn't crowded at 8am and the 2nd hand smoke was tolerable. I don't drink alcohol so I won't comment on the bar section.
4	Thank you Yelp for directing me to Sahara Saloon! I was kind of leery going to a local small gaming / eatery but once I entered the cafe could see this was  a locals place.The older waitress was handling the whole place cafe and they were quite busy. She took a bit to take my order. I went with the Marlboro Man breakfast - two pork chops, biscuits & gravy, hash browns and two eggs.  The chops were tender and contained  just the right amount of fat on the edges for added flavor. Biscuits and gravy were awesome and the hash brown were brown and crispy.  As you can see the portion was so large the eggs had to go on another plate. Check it out: http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/F0c5AMuF_w49727bE7xV1w?select=PJ5CNizcSyZnz6W6tj2lxg#PJ5CNizcSyZnz6W6tj2lxg  I couldn't finish my entire breakfast but I thoroughly enjoyed it.I'll definitely be returning here again!
4	Average Patron Age: 102I knew I liked this place the second I saw the familiar "Champagne's" wallpaper.Super cheap drinks and awesome bartenders. The joint is very small with a one stall bathroom for both ladies and gents.The Sahara brew is similar to Budweiser and the Joseph James lager draft lacks impression, but for a cheap dinner/drink date where you won't run into anyone you know- Sahara Saloon is the place to be.
4	I always come here when my Chevy Monte Carlo LS is being worked on across the street. Good food. Quick service. Good price. Litte smokey but it adds to the ambiance :)
3	I've been to the Sahara Saloon several times for breakfast and lunch sine my husband works nearby. It is definitely nothing fancy, and the food is fine but there is something about the place that endears it to many locals. The waitresses are all super nice and call you hon. EverytimeI come here I kinda feel like I am in a Coen brothers movie and Steve Buscemi is waiting outside to whack me. The clientele is an eclectic bunch. One time a guy was wearing a Cats costume and a lot of truckers come in too. But everybody is real friendly. And they serve cheap food and alcohol. It serves its purpose.
4	I should probably give this place 5 stars because I find it irresistible in spite of its truck-stop ambience, or maybe because of it. I have only ever had breakfast there, but apparently, it's open 24/7 for lunch and dinner, too (this according to its handily laminated menus which also serve as your placemats. Bet Joel Robuchon wishes he would have thought of that!)It's quite small and always busy- so much so that you will probably get a damp table because they rarely have time to dry before the next eager party is seated. Service is friendly and fast; the are great about keeping your coffee filled, and your breakfast will be hot and fresh and your eggs will be cooked they way you ordered them. Mind you, if you've got a hankerin' for something fancy like quiche or frittatas or even eggs benedict, you need to go somewhere a little more upscale. But if you're more in the mood for pork chops, corned beef hash, or the venerable stand-by biscuits and gravy, pull a mismatched chair on up to the wet spot and chow down.Chicken fried steak and eggs is $8.25 but mysteriously always on the specials board for $7.50. Most of the breakfasts are in that price range. On Sundays, they have a steak and eggs special for $6.95 that includes a Bloody Mary. Hell, yeah! For that price, I could almost enjoy the stupid football game they always have playing on tv!
5	I am so sad that the Sahara Saloon is now closed!! This is and was a great spot to eat food was awesome!! I have let them know that they a lot of locals we be very upset, I have been going there for about 17 years or more and will truly miss this Diamond find, my kids and friend love this place as well! :(   Now I have to find another spot, but don't think it will be anything like the Sahara Saloon!! YOU WILL BE MISSED!!!
