5	This is a great little store.  I walked right in off the street and asked if I could have scraps of silk, wool, cotton, leather and polyester.  I was met with a ready smile and whisked through the store where one of the workers was gracious enough to assist me and cut small swatches of fabric from the rolls.  This store looks well stocked and I really appreciated getting the small swatches for free.  This location made it very easy for me to find what I was looking for. Thank you so very much Gene Sanes Upholstery.
5	My mom called me so giddy on the phone today, I thought she was going to tell me she won the lottery.  No.  Her sofa from Gene Sane arrived.  It made her just as happy.  She and I went to Gene Sane a few months ago and found fabric for a sofa and chair.  The fabric was not inexpensive.  Some of that they have is really beautiful designer fabric, some of it is not so special and I am convinced could be found elsewhere for less.  However, they did have excellent customer service throughout the entire upholstering process.  And my parents ended up getting two sofas and three chairs done there.My parents live in Oakland in a condo building with a ridiculously small elevator.  Gene Sanes went above and beyond to make sure this extremely long sofa from my grandma would fit in the elevator at my parents' building.  They brought the sofa mid-upholstery to the building just to make sure it would fit into the elevator.  That is such great customer service it is ridiculous.  It did fit, which is great, but their backup plan was to upholster it as two pieces which would then seamlessly be fit together as one inside the apartment.  This is the kind of stuff that high end places in NYC know how to do and even though they ended up not having to do it in this case, it was good to know they have the skills to do so.  They were also great with attention to detail of lining up all the stripes on all the cushions both front and back.  These are the kinds of things that make a big difference.
5	Gene Sanes remade boat cushions for our 28' sailboat interior.  Incredible craftsmanship and attention to detail. The cushions are beautiful. They also made coordinating curtains and throw pillows. Delivered on time (actually 1 week early) and very accommodating to my family who helped pick up the cushions in two waves. Thank you!!
