4	I went here with a couple friends, and we had two appetizers plus our entrees.  The nacho appetizer was great; the beef strips appetizer was not quite up to par for the price.  I had the buffalo chicken sandwich--the chicken was grilled just right without being too dry, and the buffalo sauce was perfect (hot, but not overwhelmingly so).  They had a good draft beer selection.  Overall, a good time, I'd certainly go back.
4	I'm surprised Lot 17 hasn't been reviewed more on Yelp. It really is a quality restaurant and bar. They have a solid menu with good food, not just mediocre bar eats. I highly recommend their burgers and sandwiches. They have a lot of different options like Cajun Chicken Breast, Turkey Reuben, and Salmon BLT. Personally, I don't do salads, but my co-workers have been pleased with their salads too. Get their sweet potato fries, too. Their honey butter dipping sauce is scrumptious!.I also truly appreciate the ambiance at Lot 17 - it's like the old meets the new. They've incorporated clean, dark colors of their bar, seats, booths, tables to the old rustic look of the building. The service is friendly and attentive. I've had only one bad experience when they were understaffed during happy hour, but they were very apologetic about it."Refined Bar Food" is what one local paper said about Lot 17. I agree, but I'll add Delicious to that.
4	Pittsburgh is a town where "bar food" means the exact same menu in every last place you'd drink a beer, with the fryer in heavy rotation.My girlfriend and I both had sandwiches, and they were among the best I ever recall eating.  I had a portabella mushroom sandwich, and at no point did I wish I'd just ordered a burger.  As far as bar food goes, this is the best I know.Edit: Went back and was less impressed; dropping this from 5 to 4 stars.  Nothing particularly wrong, but not in the "best thing ever" category.  Still really solid.
4	My favorite wings in Pittsburgh.  Right amount of tang and heat without just being a bottle of Franks.  Salads are all great (Lot 17 Salad and Grilled Steak Salad are my favs).  The sweet potato fries are also delicious.  Really, everything on the menu is great - I've never been disappointed.  This is better than just bar food.  A great casual spot!Chicken sandwich, mini-burgers, nachos, all are great.  Now I'm starving and want to go for wings.Additionally, they have an upstairs room available for private parties.  I held a birthday party here and they went well out of their way to make sure we got everything we needed.
4	Lot 17 is a great meeting place in the Bloomfield section of Pittsburgh; it's one of my favorite places for lunch meetings.They have great daily specials and the sandwiches and salads are superb.  The sweet potato fries are pretty amazing.
3	Three stars may be to high or two low, but I've been here one time.I stopped in last Sunday while I was apartment hunting in Bloomfield and enjoyed it.  Beer was good, burger was solid - I normally don't like Char Grilled, but this was pretty damn good.  The bartender was a younger guy, like mid- late twenties and was very outgoing and attentive and gave my fiance and I good tips on the neighborhood.  That Sunday Lot 17 came equipped with it's own local drunk, who had two and a half pitures of beer in the less than hour I was there, and he talked to himself... Loved it! haha  Like I said I was here once, but I did like it and can see myself going back when I move in a few weeks.
4	Ordered the Rachel with sweet potato fries and asked for something sweet to to drink. They improvised something like a Sex On The Beach that was quite tasty. The Rachel was quite nice, great flavors, the heat of the sandwich on the plate did make the bread a little wet on the underside but I'm not one to quibble and enjoyed it thoroughly, regardless.The Sweet potato fries were nice enough but were extraordinary with the sugary dipping sauce that came with them. Pricing was nice. The cocktail was only $6 and the sandwich $8.50.What really sold me was the staff. We ducked into Lot 17 when we, tourists, got lost using the bus system. Our server was extremely helpful and friendly, getting us a number for a cab and estimating how much it would cost a couple college students to taxi into downtown.Ordered some cheap, game night beer while waiting to be picked up. The bartender was gruff but that seems to be a theme of pittsburgh.The overall atmosphere was loud and gregarious. Lots of cheering when the correct team scored and laughing and patting of backs. I would definitely return.
5	For years, Lot 17 has been my go-to location for anytime I need to meet someone for a meal. Many of my friends and co-workers are picky eaters and everyone can always find something they love to eat! My favorites include the stuffed burger (bbq sauce, mushrooms, onions, and peppers are stuffed inside the deliciously grilled burger), pita pizza, and sweet potato fries. The servers are always friendly and attentive, and have never made a mistake with any of my orders. Good beer selection, friendly bartenders, and the jukebox in the bar area creates a fun ambiance (especially when everyone starts singing "sweet caroline" all together). During the nicer weather, there are a few tables outside -- but get there early if you want to enjoy them!
4	Pretty impressive menu for a neighborhood bar! I couldn't decide what I wanted, but went with the veggie pita. I asked for no cheese and they were very accommodating. Not only were the pita, grilled veggies and pesto delicious, the presentation was nice too! They dusted some sort of seasoning around the edge of the plate, fancy-ing it up a bit! I really enjoyed what I ate, and the side salad I ordered was also a generous size. Laid back, friendly atmosphere and staff. It looks like a great spot for a work happy hour. I'll be back!
1	Go there only if you want served uncooked fish, odd tasting salad, or way too sweet tea (btw - no unsweetened).
4	Lot 17 is a great little neighborhood bar in Bloomfield. It's places like this which remind me why I love Bloomfield. The patrons know each other, the bartenders know the patrons, and if you are a stranger to the place they will get to know you too. Great old time feel here with a wonderful ornate tile ceiling, brick walls, and a beautiful old bar. Beer prices are reasonable with a very wide selection of drafts and bottles, but are by no means the cheapest in the area. I haven't tried much of the food except for the wings, which are good and a safe bet if you don't know what to order. Lot 17 is a PITT bar and a great place to watch a Saturday football game or a basketball game. I also believe that during the basketball season it is host to the Jamie Dixon radio show. Just don't come in here with WVU gear on and you will be just fine!
2	I went to Lot 17 Bar and Grill after working late one evening to meet up with some friends. The look of the place is pretty decent with your standard bar seating but with the nice addition of an outdoor seating area which is great to people watch on the bussling streets of Bloomefield.I arrived last of my party and was starving, thankfully the group had ordered sweet potato fries that came with an amazing cinamon butter for dipping!! And here's where things went south- like I mentioned before I arrived starving and we did not see our waitress for a good 10-15 minutes. When the waitress finally arrived I ordered a diet coke which came out 5-10 minutes later and tasted flat (come on people! Change the machine!) The next time the waitress appeared I quickly ordered the tuna steak salad with cilantro lime dressing which was actually pretty good- it contained won ton strips, a pretty well done piece of tuna which I asked for medium, and an assortment of what tasted to be pretty fresh vegatables. As we wrapped up the evening and received our checks we realized that the waitress didn't give me a bill but instead took it upon herself to add my salad to someone else's tab at my table without their heads up. Sadly to say even though my salad was pretty decent, I'm going to have to give them just an ok review due to the terrible service..Here's to Lot 17..I hope you redeem yourself.
3	This is a good spot to grab a beer after work. While the wings didn't change my life, they were good. Add a reasonable selection of beer and them having the game on and you have a solid neighborhood bar.
4	Bloomfield is the hood I work at and live in! Being that Lot 17 is right around the corner I take out from here quite a bit. The thing is I can only review one menu item. I used to live in Florida and survived on Mahi Mahi salads, sandwiches, and blackened fillets... At lot 17 I am always ordering the blackened Mahi sandwich no bun with veggies,(usually broccoli or beans). This is a highly flavorful and tender good sized; piece of fish that had no fishy flavor. One of the mildest white fish. I have eaten it on the bun and it is very tasty too. The blackening can be a bit heavy and chard so if you don't like that burnt taste you may want to have it grilled. That spicy kick and filling but healthy selection keeps me going throughout the busiest of days!
5	If it hadn't been for the reviews on Yelp I'd most likely never had gone into Lot 17. There is something about the facade of the building that just turned me away. I wish I could put my finger on what it is for the sake of accuracy but I just can't pin it down.Once inside, it's a dark cool oasis on a hot summer afternoon. Wood everywhere and one of the most amazing dual ceiling fans I've ever seen right over the bar.The food is a surprising departure from regular bar food. Between the mahimahi sandwich with the amazing pineapple mayo spread or the salad with grilled tuna steak and homemade dressing you can't go wrong. The atmosphere is generally laid back and I don't mean that in a snarky way. Calm, cool, collected, and CRISP.
2	I was visiting for the weekend and we were looking for somewhere to go watch the LSU versus Alabama game and we chose Lot 17. When we arrived we were able to find seats at the bar since there was barely anyone there. They have a nice selection of draft beers. The food was definitely above average for a bar. The sweet potato fries are as good as advertised and the dipping sauce could be consumed with a straw but the TV selection leaves a little to be desired. I understand it is a PITT bar but with 95% of the bar focused on the LSU/Alabama game you would think they could have moved the PITT game to a corner TV and use the center TV with sound for the majority of the bar that was concerned in the 'Epic' game. They did switch the games around while PITT was at half but as soon as that game started the LSU game was back relegated to the corner. The manager even made some comment that our group didn't appreciate but whatever it's not like I will be back anytime soon. If you are looking for some good bar food I say stop on by. If you are looking to watch a big game outside of Pennsylvania sports you may want to choose elsewhere or be relegated to the corner without sound.
4	I first wrote a review on Lot 17 a while ago, and I thought it was time for an update.I can say that this place has become my favorite place in Bloomfield.  There are many restaurants in Bloomfield, but for the most part they are at best inconsistent, but mostly just serve terribly crappy Italian food.  Lot 17 is a bar with well above average bar food and a pretty damn good choice of beer. This is my go to place, when all else fails, when I cant take one more shitty meatball,  and I want food that I KNOW is going to be solid, I head to Lot 17.
3	This was the last bar of my 3 day, 3 state bar crawl. So honestly I was too exhausted to be there. But the bar was very clean, had a decent layout, a jukebox, and an upstairs that i never got to check out. It was the classest bar I have been to in the bloomfield area.
3	I feel like Lot 17 doesn't advertise their tasty selection of food enough! You walk thinking you're going to find typical bar food but that is not that case at all. Everything is very fresh tasting and you can tell a lot of it is homemade! The reason they are only getting 3 stars is each time I've been there the service was so-so. Somewhat understaffed for lunchtime. :( Also a word to the wise, their crab cake sandwich is outstanding, but deep fried! :)
3	DON'T GET THE FISH!Just had a fish sandwich at Lot 17 and it was 85% breading and 15% fish.  It looks impressive as hell coming out in two big pieces hanging over the bun.  Of course it was only 7.50 which isn't bad but I wouldn't recommend anyone to get it.  There are other items on the menu that are Lent friendly. I have had other food at Lot which has been good so I felt the need to rate it 3 stars.  I will go back eventually but it won't be for a fish sandwich.
5	My mother and I just completely stumbled upon this place for lunch, and it was amazing.  We got the peppers appetizer, which was phenomenal and full of delicious tomato sauce and cheese.  My mom delighted by her steak wrap, and I absolutely loved my salmon BLT.  However, one of the best things about the meal was the side order of Brusselsprouts.  They were fantastic.  I cannot wait to come back here again.  The atmosphere was also great!  Our waitress was friendly, and the ceiling fans were old school!! Very cool bar!
4	Way better than your average "bar" food. But make no mistake, this place is a great bar. Lots of fun beers on tap, good cocktails, cool atmosphere. You can sit at any of a few high top tables, at the bar, or back in the back of the bar at a few booths. I've tried a few different appetizers in the few years I've been coming here. Standouts to me were the fried zucchini and the fried cheese wedges. These are somehow are leaps and bounds more delicious than any other fried goodies I've ordered at a bar. I've ordered a few different veggie options of entrees, of which they have a few tasty choices. The veggie burger is amazing, the veggie pita is nice crunchy mix of grilled veggies and asiago (mmm), and my new obsession is the Lot 17 salad, which I had never tried until recently. Wowwwwww. Huge portion, fresh berries, feta, fried leeks (!!!!), and a very fresh raspberry vinaigrette. Do yourself a favor, order anything. It's ALL good. But don't skip the fries. The regular fries are good. But I have no idea why you'd get those when you could get the cajun fries. They taste like the Andy Capp Hot Fries that you used to be able to get by the bag (I have no idea if you still can, don't really care, these are better). Spicy and crispy and a nice accent to whatever you choose. Not your thing? Then the sweet potato fries should be perfect for you. So. Freaking. Good. And the brown sugar/butter sauce they are served with is like crack. I've tried to duplicate it at home with little success. Worth the trip alone. I'm salivating right now. The staff is always friendly and helpful, service is usually great. A few TVs line this place so it's a good place to watch a game. I'd watch anything there if it was served with a side of that sweet potato fry sauce.
4	Bloomfield has so many good places but in my book, Lot 17 stands above the typical bar and restaurant there. I WANT to go to Lot 17. First of all, it's a terrific atmosphere - one that makes you feel comfortable as soon as you walk in. A great beer selection with rotating specialities on tap always creates a welcoming feeling in my mind. But its the food that draws me back over and over and over again. The menu is predominantly sandwiches and wraps but the selection is VERY good. There are dinner entrees as well and I've ventured there a few times and was pleasantly surprised.. But the sandwich is king here. Oh yeah, I like 'em!! The jerk chicken with pineapple, provolone, and roasted red peppers is a HUGE hit. The crab cake sandwich is amazingly good - who would have thought?? The jalapeno steak wrap is so good I have a hard time straying from that. I've had about half the list and can tell you I've never regretted my choice. All very good. And they're not shy about size. You'll get full. I've tried their soups too and they're delightful and rich. Another winner. But I'd be remiss if I didn't mention the fries. Not just typical bar fries, but superb, specialty fries. Your choices are cajun, regular or sweet potato. The Cajuns are coated in a spicy dusting of Cajun seasoning. Yum. The sweet potato fries come with a brown sugar butter dipping sauce that will have you smacking your lip for hours afterwards. You'll wake up dreaming about that sauce. Addicting. I nominate Lot 17 for Best Bar Food in Bloomfield!!
5	This is my go to place when I am craving a turkey burger.  I cannot complain at all.  The size of the burger is great, especially when I have that craving.  It amazes me.  Of course I make sure to get all the toppings I can, they all seem to go nicely on that kaiser roll.  Side of fries is a must albeit it is hard to decide which type to choose from.  Regular old fries, sweet potato fries or Cajun fries, it's so hard to pick the right one (or maybe an excuse to come back again and again and pair it up differently).One thing that I always definitely do here is find the Pittsburgh Earthquake crack.  Not much is out there information wise for this event, but I always make sure to find it.
2	I visited Lot 17 on an uncommonly warm late Friday in October for lunch with a buddy from work. We were walking down Liberty and went into Lot 17 on a lark. I wish that lark would have kept me going down Liberty Ave. to find somewhere else with tastier grub.When we walked into the restaurant, it was totally dead aside from one other table of diners. I figured the place should be bustling since it was such a delightful day outside, but I soon came to realize why the place was a ghost town.The simple lunch menu of burgers, sandwiches, salads, and wraps is nice and compact. I chose a turkey burger and regular fries, which arrived in a timely fashion. The fries were tasty... after I salted them. There was absolutely no salt of them when they came out. The turkey burger was seasoned well, but it was dry as a bone. I suspect the turkey patty was frozen, but the burger was so overcooked, I cannot say for sure.Our server was attentive and friendly. The building is clean, polished, and has some nice HDTVs. When I chose  to go to Lot 17, I figured I was trying it out for the first time. After we ate lunch, I realized I had gone there once in the past for lunch with other co-workers. What does this mean? Lot 17 is ultimately a forgettable lunch destination. Even with my below-average experience, I think the place has potential, but the execution was just not there on my visit. I hope they can step it up at lunch in the future.
1	Dude. We're over here. No? No eye contact?  Too busy with your iPhone?  The bartender was beat. We left without being acknowledged or served (and we literally waived our arms).  Could be good, but who'd know.   Wasn't busy either.  You're fired.
4	Hey, wanna meet me for a beer?  Sure, where do you wanna go?You should really have an easy answer to that question when someone asks you, but lately I haven't.  I've lived in Bloomfield for two years now, and have yet to identify "my spot."  I love the neighborhood -- great restaurants, bars, local business, art spaces, etc.  I like several of the bars, but just haven't figured out which is my go-to spot.  Last night I asked a friend to meet me for a beer and she suggested Lot 17.  It is literally right around the corner from me.  (And when I say literally, I do NOT mean "figuratively," which so many people do, by accident I suppose, but they're saying exactly the opposite of what they mean! Grrr)  It's right around the corner, and since I had actually never been in, I thought it was a perfect choice.The first thing you notice is the classy wooden decor.  Everything is all really nice hardwood.  It has a very simple style -- the traditional wood, simple chalk board beer list, a couple of nice HD TVs -- none of which stands out or tries too hard to grab your attention.  The bar and a few tables are in the front while several more tables for dining line the back area.It was nearly empty.  We were there late -- from about 10-11pm -- on a freezing cold Tuesday night.  A young couple sat quietly at the bar, another guy in the corner chatted up the bartender, and I grabbed a seat a little further down the bar.  I ordered a Full Pint Festivus draft, which is a great brown ale from a brewery in North Versailles that I've heard wonderful things about.  After a few sips my friend came in and joined me.  She had a Guiness, I had another Festivus, we chatted about this and that.  It was quiet, low key, and comfortable.  It's a place that looks really nice yet had a friendly almost dive-y vibe.  I was only there for an hour and no one else was really there, so I shouldn't jump to conclusions.  However, I will definitely be plopping myself down at that classic bar again in the near future, and who knows, maybe Lot 17 will become my neighborhood go-to spot for grabbing a beer on a whim.There was a new, shiny, fancy looking, electronic jukebox that I will definitely have to give a try next time!  And obviously I will have to eat there in the future, as I'm seeing several other great reviews
3	If I'm rating Lot 17 solely on their food, you'd only one or two stars next to my review, but since they have NFL Sunday Ticket and it's a chill place to go on a Sunday to catch a game so I'm willing to give three stars.The food is just not good...at least everything that I've tried. Even for bar food, Lot 17 struggles to put out a decent product. The zucchini strips were way too greasy. Yes, I've never met a non-greasy fried zucchini strip, but these are saturated and almost taste like they came out of a bag pre-breaded. Definitely lacking that hand-breaded aspect. The chicken nachos were made with seemingly-stale tortilla chips and were so bland that I actually left more than half of the plate uneaten. That's a rarity for me, a self-proclaimed nacho addict. I've also tried the cheese wedges and the chicken tenders. The cheese wedges are another product that seems so simple to pull off, yet they come out cold and greasy. The only app that we enjoy at al is the chicken tenders, but while they're decent, the rest of the food that we've tried was so blah that I haven't been able to bring myself to ordering an actual meal or sandwich from the menu. Hence, why you see only a review of apps.Fortunately, just when all hope seems lost, they flip on my game and their solid beer list swoops in to save the day.Service can be spotty, but it's been decent at the bar every time that we've gone. At some point I'll have to try a sandwich or meal, but it's really hard to fake an appetite after knowing what kind of product they're willing to serve for appetizers. Hopefully I'll be able to improve my review after trying more of the menu. Fingers crossed.
2	My Merlot was decent but the calamari was not. The calamari while had hints of Italian seasoning was bland and became soggy of the cooked vegetables that they had underneath it. Plus I think I found a fry or two with the vegetables. Also Lot 17 had some funky smells throughout the time that we were there. Service could have been better. I might return for drinks but only drinks.
2	I've been here twice and ordered to-go once.  The food is bad!  Last night our table ordered French fries, stuffed portabella mushrooms, and calamari.  The best of the dishes were the mushrooms stuffed w crab meat and topped w red peppers...the fries and calamari were terrible!  I don't want to come back here...it's over priced and the food is below ave
3	Stopped by Lot 17 for some apps and drinks with a few girlfriends.  I was in the mood for some fries and got the regular ones which were piping hot and fresh when they came out.  I ordered a glass of cabernet but I probably should have opted for beer. Decent place for drinks and apps - it was crowded so they must be doing something right.  I would check this place out again and try a full meal.
3	First experience here was so so. It's cheap. It's fast. But maybe a little too fast. Not following me?Well... The service was super fast, but the server seemed less interested in helping us choose what app or wine to get and more into just getting our orders and darting off. I can't say that she wasn't attentive because I barely finished my wine before she asked me if I wanted another. I'll take that over bad service any day though!We ordered a couple apps with our drinks and there were more misses than hits. The fries were skinny and bland. The calamari was probably the worst I've ever had, but the crab stuffed portobello's... Awesome! Weird right? So honestly I wouldn't be opposed to stopping in again, I'd just be very very careful with what I order. Maybe thoroughly research the other reviews for the good stuff. I mean, hey... Isn't that what Yelp's for!?
5	I always enjoy my time at Lot 17. You can just hang out and grab a beer or enjoy some food in the back. The food is amazing. I especially enjoy the Mediterranean Seafood Salad. It is a MUST ORDER. The sweet potato fries are a great compliment to any of the burgers, wraps, or sandwiches. Go to Lot 17, you will not regret it.
3	With all the places in Bloomfield you can probably do better.A couple of my friends and I wanted drinks and food around 9 on a Friday and Bloomfield is one of our favorite neighborhoods.  We figured we'd park and just see where we ended up.  After trying a couple of favorites and finding them too jammed packed we settled for Lot 17.  Service wasn't anything special and lacked any emotion.  Like any.  I've been here before and remembered this to be true in the past as well.  As for the food, it's just decent.  Cheap and decent.  I had the stuffed peppers and some beer.  The peppers were amazingly hot, too hot to enjoy.  But the stuffing was good, yet they were watery.My buddy had the cajun chicken sandwich and said it was good, his sweet potato fries helped cool my tongue, yet were a shoulder shrug.  Seemed frozen.A shoulder shrug could be used to describe Lot 17.
4	Been going here for YEARS and just love it. Love it! Time to update! It's always an option on a Saturday afternoon when we're thinking of someplace to go to have an early dinner, late lunch or just grab a sammie and some beer. And it's a 30 minute drive for me! The service has always been good and we've never had an issue. We love the sandwiches and the wraps - my fave is the jalapeno steak wrap, although lately it seems that they've had too much wrap and not enough steak. But it IS real steak, not Steak-ums. That isn't always the case at other places.But you can't go wrong - the Lot 17 salad is killer good. And the Jerk Chicken sandwich with the grilled pineapple is my wife's favorite. Not to mention the amazing sweet potato fries and the crack-like brown sugar butter dipping sauce. Always a good rotating selection of good beers and I'm always happy to choose among several I would drink anytime. In fact, I'm getting a strange craving for that steak wrap and some crack butter....
4	I live in Bloomfield and this is my go-to place. Service can be a little lacking in the back but the food is always good and they have a good beer selection. Love the outdoor tables!
4	Every neighborhood needs a go-to joint, and for me this is Bloomfield's.  Lot 17 has consistently above-average bar food and a decent beer list.  Nothing to necessarily write home about, but whenever my boyfriend and I need a meal in a pinch we head here.  The service is always great- fast and friendly- and the prices are more than reasonable for what you get.  Some of my favorites on the menu are the buffalo chicken sandwich, blackened mahi sandwich (ask for extra seasoning!), and the reuben.  The homemade chips and cajun fries for sides are great compliments to anything on their menu.For an extra incentive to try it out, you can purchase a $50 "hot card" for just $25 through PG Daily Deals (http://deals.post-gazette.com/) and use it here or at any one of about 30 participating restaurants... just look for whatever restaurant they are featuring with the hot card to get one!
4	Love lot 17!!If you only try one item on the menu, make it the sweet potato fries! theyre killer. I am also a HUGE fan of the black and Bleu Bacon burger. My mouth is watering just thinking about it.I would give them 5 stars except the service is just so-so and its often wayyy too packed in the bar area (sometime to the point of not being able to get in to pick up your take-out) but other than that, 5 stars for the food for sure
4	I like this place. I just recently moved to the Bloomfield neighborhood and this is a nice place to some grab a beer and watch a game. I've had a good amount of their good and it's always pretty decent. Their catered food is much much much better than the restaurant food. Still though - its good pub grub. They have a pretty decent selection of beers and there is something for everyone. I was in here last weekend and they had Southern Tier Pumking on tap which is always an A+. I like to call this place the Mario's of Bloomfield.
5	Consistently great food at a fair price.  I suggest the French Dip - a new addition to the already great menu.
3	I've always had an OK time here, but in my opinion there are a bunch of other sweet places to visit in Bloomfield on a night out. The actual bar is unique and actually pretty cool on the inside. I don't know what I would call it, but it seemed to have a sports bar-esque feel to it. The bar food is pretty good and there is a good beer selection, and it seems to attract a diverse group of people.  One thing I do remember is having to trek upstairs and walk a bit to the bathroom, which was a little odd. Otherwise, a pretty nice place to stop in sometime for some grub and a beer.
5	I recently held a networking mixer for an organization at Lot 17, and I was very impressed with my entire experience. Knowing that large happy hour events can sometimes put a strain on business for restaurants and bars, I always appreciate when managers and/or employees meet our requests with a friendly attitude and a sense of understanding. Lot 17 worked with us to plan this mixer for our members, and they were extremely accommodating and eager to help us make the event a success. The upstairs space is the perfect setting for a small to medium-sized gathering, and the appetizers we ordered were delicious. I will definitely look at holding future events at Lot 17, and I would absolutely recommend it to anyone looking for a great place to eat and drink in the city.
4	Atmosphere Nice / Sports on every television with Volume Up Boooooo!Bread Pudding by far the Bestest in the Burgh!
5	The Lot is my spot. Had a party there on Friday night and it was great. We had about 25 people upstairs. John made us fish and a filet and both were really good. We had an open bar for three hours to go along with the food and Lisa waited on us and hustled up and down the stairs all night. All in the total cost was reasonable and we all had a blast. Definitely recommend the lot for your next party of 20 to 25 people.
4	I came here for the first time Saturday to watch the atrocious pitt vs. UVA football game. We got there early enough to secure Seats at the bar. It got packed quickly once the game started as lot 17 is a true "pitt" bar. Service at the bar was very prompt and friendly despite them being very busy. We started off with an order of garlic jerk wings which were very tasty. Not overly spicy or garlicky and cooked perfectly crisp. I later ordered the Rachael with sweet potato fries. My boyfriend ordered the Reuben with Cajun fries.they have several other menu items that looked good: a salmon blt, crab cake sandwich, turkey club on focaccia, and many burgers that are very good from what my boyfriend says. The Rachael was really good- the rye was marble which I prefer. The sweet potato fries were served with a honey butter that was amazing! He liked his Reuben a lot and the Cajun fries were good but too spicy for my tastes. Beer selection is really stellar too- lots of good craft drafts. This is one of my boyfriends favorite Bars so we will surely be back.
4	This is my boyfriend's favorite place to catch Pitt basketball/football so we have made many appearances here since the last time I wrote a review and I have since tried some of the items I was interested in before. Menu items I have tried since my first review:1. Turkey club on focaccia (Our own oven roasted turkey breast, bacon, and Swiss cheese with lettuce and tomatoes served with a roasted garlic mayonnaise on focaccia) $8.502. Salmon BLT (Grilled salmon served on hoagie roll with dill mayo, bacon, lettuce, and tomato) $12.003. Grilled chicken wrap (Chicken breast, sundried tomatoes, olives and feta cheese wrapped in a spinach tortilla with balsamic dressing) $9.004. Calamari (Fried calamari served with peppers, onions, marinara sauce and lemon) $9.00My favorite out of these would be the chicken wrap, although I wish the dressing was already inside the wrap because the wrap was packed so tightly it was difficult to get the dressing ratio right in the wrap. The turkey club also had a lot of flavor to it as well and the garlic mayo gave it a nice touch. The salmon BLT was not as good as the ones I have had at Piper's Pub but still adequate. I'm not a huge calamari fan so it was just ok for me. We will for sure be back in the future since this is a gathering place for my boyfriend and some of his friends.
5	This place is the real stuff. Just moved from portland OR. and its the only place that reminds me of home. Great food, great drinks, and great peeps. If you really wont to experience Bloomfield to its fullest, two words.......Sunday Funday. Check it out and you wont be disappointed. #gopitt
4	Another great meal stop on tour!  Tons of microbrews on tap, and tasty food too!  Friendly staff, comfortable seating, very clean!  Hopefully I get back to the Pittsburgh area again for another visit.
5	Great food and service all around. Visited from out of town and the bartender gave us great ideas of what to do. The food was awesome. Definitely recommend the short ribs mac & cheese, also great prices on beer
