3	I'm pretty sure this is not Seattle's best coffee.  It's not even Las Vegas's best coffee.  I've had better coffee in Las Vegas and Seattle.  And Phoenix.  And Los Angeles.  And New York.  And Boston.  And Chicago.  And Denver.  And Philadelphia.  And Cleveland.  And Tucson.  And Dallas.  And Salt Lake City.  And San Francisco, God yes.  And, well you get the idea.  It might be easier to list places I have not had better coffee.  Gillette, Wyoming would be one.  And Milton, Vermont.  And El Paso, Texas.  Oh while we're on Texas, throw in Amarillo, Lubbock, Midland and Odessa.  Blythe, California.  Didn't have better coffee there.  Cumberland, Maryland...nope, not there either.  You know what, this is not a good approach for this review, let's just drop it right here.This place is located just inside the South Point Casino.  They have perfectly fine, generally strong brewed coffee as well as espresso drinks and a small selection of pastries and bagels.  I'm pretty sure Seattle's Best is owned by Starbucks, just so you know.
3	Seattle's Best coffee at the South Point is a decent little coffee shop by the front entrance of the hotel.  The coffee isn't the best in town but good enough for a quick caffeine fix without all the starbucks frappacrazy diabetic type two inducing drinks haha.
4	I had never had Seattle's Best until I visited South Point. Now, I won't go anywhere else for coffee. I like the selection that Seattle's Best has to offer. Both my husband and I can find exactly what we like there. I'm not even that big on coffee in general, but I love Seattle's Best. Service at this particular location is so-so. They don't really announce your drink, so there is some confusion as to who drinks belong to. Other than that, I like it!
3	The service is pretty good here. The staff is pretty young but very kind. The drinks are pretty good. After all they're a subsidiary of starbucks. I had the vanilla javakula, it's very sweet, so be advised! I'm not much of coffee drinker and when I do, I usually brew it at home.
2	Decent coffee for what's located in a hotel that was off the strip. Without driving off to get Starbucks, this place is definitely liveable when you walk your butt down the elevators after a drunk night or a night of betting.
2	Service was very much lacking, from me trying to understand what she was asking me and her trying to understand my response.  There was quite a line and the two girls working behind the counter one taking orders other making them seemed to have a hard time keeping up.  I'm not sure if I've had Seattle's Best before, but surely not going to replace my favorite Starbucks with them.  I ordered the cake batter frap ( I wanted a sweet dessert) and while it did taste like cake batter the time I waited to get it and the service just didn't make up for what could have been.
3	Seattles Best is a nice cup of coffee at a fair price. I like that they have Odwalla and other juices for rare moments when I'm not feeling a cafe or espresso in the morning. The coffee is a nice cup and most of the flavored lattes are usually pretty good. Nothing great but good. There are better coffee shops in town but since I come to South Point to bet and play it serves it purpose and is consistent every time. It is nice that it is right in the  front entrance for valet or when parking in the front lot or near the sports book.
3	Another casino, another chain coffee stand. This time it's Starbucks's red-headed stepchild, Seattle's Best Coffee, at South Point. Had a latte with skim and an extra shot both days I stayed at South Point - both cups were fine, tasted consistent from one day to the next, and service was fine. As with my other reviews, I have a hard time giving more than 3 stars for a cup of coffee or latte unless you offer or do something exceptional ... and there was nothing here to warrant more than three stars. On the bright side, there was nothing here to warrant less than 3 stars either.
3	Coffee was OK.. Lines in the morning were very long and service was slow, but nice. I am not a big fan of Seattles best.. it was the only decent coffee around.
3	I've known Seattle's Best to have THE best hot coco I have ever had in my life, so I figured coming to the South Pointe stand alone location wold be consistent.While it was still above average good, the wow factor was missing.  They didn't top it with a dark chocolate stick, white chocolate chips and milk chocolate sauce which I think is a big part of the first sips.I definitely won't make a special trip inside to go here, but I might give it another try next time I am in the casino.
3	Nothing really stands out in terms of flavor and drink variety at SBC. I would think that being the dedicated coffee spot in South Point would garner alot of business, but it doesn't seem so.It's hard to knock down this place in this review as there's nothing near it to compare it to, but at the same time, there's nothing to really review about it. Guess I'll just say it's okay for being the alternative to the in-room coffee
3	This place is located near the front entrance of the South Point casino and next to an ice cream shop. I'll give this place a 3 because I did enjoy my iced coffee ($2.70 for a large). This might be the only coffee shop around the casino. While I'm glad for that, unfortunately, there  aren't many options in terms of drinks on the menu. You can get mini snacks and bottled drinks, which are displayed in the front. Overall, a good enough place for a pick me up.
1	Came here for the Mocha Shake ( coffee/ chocolate blended with ice cream instead of ice)  just to find out they discontinued it....FAILNot coming back here ever again.
2	I used to love this location, until today. I ordered a mint chocolate chip mocha blended and every other time they put chocolate chips in it but this time they didn't so the girl at the front had someone remake it for me. When the girl remade it she had a really bad attitude and was slamming stuff and doing everything half ass. She made it then really thin and watery like an iced coffee. It's really sad people can't do simple tasks and can't fix what they have done wrong without throwing an attitude. I'll stick to coffee bean from now on.
1	Most of the workers here do not understand English. They can't even make a decent coffee with steamed milk correctly. The supervisor was rude. I ordered a coffee with steamed milk and instead of getting coffee with steamed milk I got a coffee with a lot of FOAM. I tried this place again in the morning and the line was so long there were only three people managing it. When I got up to the pastry case I can see in their office and see their manager just sitting there not even checking if her people needed help.
