1	My SUV was overheating. Like almost all the way to H, which everyone knows is bad news. I pull into a parking lot and pop the hood and there's a little bit of steaming. Freaked out, I walk to Meineke and ask if someone will check it out. A guy came out and asked me to pull it in so they could do a pressure test. He was like "Hopefully its just a loose thermostat or hose!" and therefore gave me hope. I wait as they hook up various machines and test. 20 minutes later the manager trudged up, shows me a vial of green liquid and says, "Well, did the tests and your head gasket is blown." !!! I was devastated as he tells me it'll cost over $2,000 to repair. "Well I don't have that kind of cash right now so I'll have to think about this," I tell him. He's like "Really? Yeah well if you want to sell it to me instead let me know."I drive home, scared my engine is about to blow, trying to figure a budget for a new car and stressed out! My neighbor comes over and wants to check it. "OH...your radiator cap is loose and is spraying water and antifreeze on the engine." He then proceeds to fill my car with 2 gallons of water and some antifreeze and tightened the cap. PROBLEM SOLVED for less than a meal at Chipotle. My car is running terrific. I know its silly but I'm no mechanic so I rely on others to be honest with me. Sorry but as professional mechanics Meineke should have caught that ridiculously easy problem. Instead now they look like crooks who were trying to convince me of an unnecessary repair that would've cost thousands!!! Avoid!!! You're better off going to Angieslist or Craigslist. Seriously.
1	If I could give Meineke ZERO stars I totally would because they are sharks!.  So I hit a curb (this is a regular occurance I don't know why) and I needed to get a front end alignment so I thought.  I brought my car to this Meineke because it was close to my house and driving was getting pretty difficult.  When I called before I went over there I asked how much the alignment was and it was in the ball park of $90.  Ok, sweeet!No, not sweet.  Sour.They said it would take 2 hours JUST TO LOOK AT.  So I went over to Bilbo's and hung out there for a while.  Exactly two hours on the dot they call me to go back to Meineke.  They gave me an estimate of $1400 (no effing way) and said that my car was basically going to explode on me if I don't get the 4 things I needed fixed.  I was told that it was "unsafe and possibly dangerous" to drive my car.  Needless to say I didn't have $1400 on me, or even the "minimum" amount of what they were going to do which was $600.  I went home deflated :(Then my friend suggested Ted Wiens (who I will write another awesome yelp review about).....AND HOLY BANANAS WHAT A DIFFERENCE!  Ted Wiens had my car up on their lot in like 45 minutes and was looking at it.  They even brought me out there to show me what was wrong (bent tire rod).  He said it will be like 2 hours to fix and the grand total?  $285.  Yes.  For Everything.  When I asked the guy about all the crap Meineke said I needed he literally said this: "What?  Are you kidding?  Those A**holes have no idea what they are doing.:"  He then proceeded to show me EVERY part on my car that Meineke said was "so totally badly and completely damaged and unsafe" and they were all fine.  Normal wear and tear.  No need to replace.  I think I hugged him.Anyway I just want everyone to know to NEVER EVER EVER EVER EVER in your life use this Meineke, they will try to get you to spend unnecessary money!
1	I too ended up at this hell hole!!! I ended up having to stand outside (it was 117) with my 6 year old daughter and her 8 year old friend!!! For soooo long!!! I cannot even begin to tell you how hot it was and the girls were just wilting....I was so unimpressed, I cannot express how angry I was at this Meineke shop, and how full of bull they were!!! I swore when I left there I would tell everyone about my horrible experience, hence, yelp. My husband had to drive across town with the baby to pick us all up, it was truly a nightmare...however, the discount tire by this place was soo soo soo nice. They gave us water and told us to come in and sit, so yes i did go back and get 2 sets of tires (for 2 cars at discount tire)...Meinieke......F that whole place and the owners!!!
4	Fast, friendly service at a reasonable price.
4	Free inspections and courtesy code-reads for dash lights and warnings. I come here to get my car maintenance done even though I live on the complete other side of town. The people here are friendly and knowledgable.
1	They lost me at $50 Oil Change. ..I went in for an oil change....price listed on their services menu at $29.99. Fine. But when I paid it was almost $50. Add on costs- $5 for "parts" and another $10 for "labor." Then there is an addional Disposal Fee as well as taxes. What exactly is included I  the $29.99 Oil Change? Obvioisly not parts and labor. And it took an hour and a half for them to do a simple oil change...on a Wednesday. Give me a break. I will never be back.
5	Honest, fast and friendly! They did a oil changed and helped me with any questions I needed to be answered! I am a young women newer to Vegas so it was nice going into a auto body place and felt like I wasn't being ripped off and got the professional opinions and services I went there for. Also I needed new tires and they even had the guys at the shop next door come over and give me a price! Thank you guys for your fast and honest work!!!! I will be coming back and sending people your way!
1	Worst customer service! Just brought my car in to have a problem looked at and was told it needs to be dropped off, I said that's fine, but I'll have to wait for it. He said it will be 4 or 5 hours, I said that's fine, I don't mind waiting. He said may not even be today. Again I don't mind waiting. Why not offer to make me an appointment so I could come back instead of rudely turning me away.They just lost all my auto business.
4	I got my breaks fixed here. Their prices were a tad higher, but Discount Tire referred them, so I gave them a shot. They matched a competitors price (which I appreciated) and the service people didn't seem like shady or slimy car people. I didn't give them five stars because they quoted me one hour, and took over two.. But other than that- I'd go back again.
3	Meh. I've been here twice for an oil change and honestly, I'm going to start looking around for another place to go. My last experience there, I made an appointment through the website for 8:30 am. I showed up 10 minutes early, dropped the car off, and was told by the manager to come back in about 45 minutes to an hour. That's one of the pluses about this place - the location. If you have any errands to run, there is a nearby Target, Petco, Office Max, etc. I came back an hour later and saw my car parked in front of the office, and assumed my car was done. I went in the office and was greeted by no one for a good fifteen minutes. When someone finally came by, I asked, "Is that car ready?", he told me it had not even gone in yet. This is about an hour and 15 minutes after my scheduled appointment. On top of that, the guy was pretty rude about it and then left me hanging without a resolution or even an apology.The manager finally came out and I explained to him what happened. He tried to make it good by giving me $20 off an already overpriced oil change, so I wasn't all that impressed. I asked him why it took them an hour and fifteen minutes past my scheduled appointment to even get my car in the garage and he blamed it on "internal problems with our mechanics." He then had the mechanics rush through my car's oil change and check-up, I would say the whole process took about 4 minutes, which didn't make me feel all that confident they were putting any care into my car.I was about to give them two stars, but I'll give them another star for attempting to fix things with the $20 discount. But I do expect better service than this, so I think I'm going to have to try a new place. There's got to be better places than this to get a simple oil change done.
5	Great service. I had an issue with my Tundra making an odd noise on acceleration. Toyota service department couldn't diagnose the issue correctly in two tries over two days. These guys got it right the first time and ordered and replaced the faulty part in only half a day. Robert is a great communicator and he and the mechanic took the time to show me where the problem was before I authorized the repair. The noise is gone. I would definitely come back.
1	I came here to do one of the most easiest things to do which is check my oil and other fluid levels and they had me just waiting around. Then when someone finally came up to help me he was trying to get me to pay for an oil change before he even popped my hood and checked my fluids. When I explained again that I just needed my fluids checked he tried upselling me again and saying I'd have to pay to get checked and topped off with fluids. Umm hello! I didn't ask for that! I just wanted you to check my fluid levels and I deserved the opportunity to decide for myself if I want to use your services. I have never ever been charged for something as simple as just checking me fluid levels in the 10 years I've been driving a car. This place just seems like a bunch of scam artist trying to squeeze any dollar they can out of you. I do not recommend anyone to ever come here unless they like getting ripped off... Just saying.
3	Good customer service. They didn't try to upsell. I waited about an hour, which was fine seeing as I was a walk-in on a Saturday. But my oil change was $40 out the door, which I think is too expensive.
5	Got a coupon in the mail and rolled on over. I was hesitant because of a few bad reviews, but the price was right.Very clean facility with a friendly staff. They even checked my breaks for free. I asked about the bad reviews and they let me know that they were under new management w/ a completely new crew. Nice work!
