4	This tram rocked! Definitely the fastest way to get from Excalibur to Mandalay with the Express tram to get away from the crowd and the heat! :)Perfect especially after a long day of walking from either hotels and it's free!
2	The trams are not public transportation. They are privately owned by the MGM-Mirage corporation to shuttle people between their properties and encourage them not to wander off to one of their rival casinos. MGM-Mirage is the top grossing company in Las Vegas at about $21million/day. It is two miles from the northern edge of the Bellagio to the southern edge of Mandalay Bay. The tram is 1/2 mile.  When you are heading south from the Excalibur you must go all the way to the Mandalay Bay, since the corporation wants you to see their expensive hotel. On the return trip, you can stop at the Luxor.  When they complete the City Center project next year, they will add a second tram connecting the Bellagio, City Center, and Monte Carlo. Since it is part of the design of the building, the three stations will be more centrally located. The third tram between the Mirage and Treasure Island is very short and doesn't run as often. It is hardly worth the trouble of waiting in line.  The technology is essentially a modified ski-lift that is pulling rubber wheeled vehicles.
4	ok, when you are wearing high heels, it's cold (it's winter.. duh) and you want to get from one place to another, without having to go through a maze of casino's this little gem is the thing to hit!We stayed at Luxor, and would hop on this little ride frequently to shoot us off down the strip! it was fast, but it seemed to be out of service a lot too. boo hiss.
4	Nice free tram, very convienent if you're staying at Mandalay Bay (which I did).  Just wish it would go a little further but it's pretty good for being free.  The boarding in Mandalay Bay was in an odd place but other than that I found it to be quite helpful.
4	A good idea....wish I'd have actually thought to use it the first time around and not walked/jogged from MGM in a suit to make my reservation at MiX.One star off for stopping and Luxor on the way back and wasting 2 minutes of my time.  :-)
5	Jeebus.. . I ... LOVE.... THIS.. THING.It is a glorious moment in my Vegas experience, every time.It is either when I am going out, to a show, to a meal.... to stagger about and enjoy the night.OR it is when my feet are broken, my headache clear, and the evening morning.... and it stays my motley amble.  Virtually every time I come near death as it jolts awake.  But no matter what... I adore this thing.
4	I was in Vegas with my little brother for his 21st birthday. We got there on a Friday night, and other party folks were supposed to arrive the next day. So... that first night, my bro and I were in Vegas alone together. Baby Eric and I do not look related. He looks like a tan Swede and I look like a pale Russian. He also has looked older than me since he was 14. We look much more like a couple than brother and sister.We spent the whole night drinking at various establishments, and then  decided to take the tram back to our hotel. When we got on, i noticed there were bars to hold onto, and since the tram was empty, I OF COURSE had to swing from these bars. Some dudes got on the tram...Dude: Hey man! Your girlfriend's a gymnast! You're a lucky man!Brother: She's my sister.Dude: Duuude, who goes to Vegas with their sister?My baby brother, that's who... One of the most handsome men anyone ever thought I was dating.
4	Road this once in the summer of 2007 when we were staying at Mandalay Bay and this ride was some surreal trippy 2AM ride when we were walking the strip a couple hours before our plane ride back home and it was still like 80 degrees outside.I felt like I was Keanu Reeves in Scanner Darkly that night after we ate at some McDonalds at some plaza on the strip.  Bright lights everywhere...Flashing lights...Everything was moving...Everyone was looking at me...I could see everyones next move before they even made it...I could see into the future...Everything was so vivid...No detail gone to waste...OMG...I AM TRIPPING!!!  OMG...I WAS TRIPPING!!!I probably should've gambled that night.  Maybe I would've been able to know what cards were before they were even dealt.Thank you for helping me not walk the strip much longer that night.  T'was an experience not to forget.  T'was an experience not to relive.
4	Why does this tram not go up and down the entire strip?A free, convenient mode of transportation to take you between hotels... a wondrous thing.  Places that look close are actually much farther apart than they appear in Vegas... this tram brought them a little closer together.As I stayed in Excalibur and conferenced in Mandalay Bay, this was the absolute perfect tram for me.  I only wish I had understood its mechanics from the very beginning.It's relatively easy to access from Mandalay Bay - just follow the signs in the casino.  However, in Excalibur, you have to remember it is not accessed from within the casino itself, but outside, kind of along the way towards the NY-NY.  When you take the express between them, it's awesome, aside from the rather bizarre calliope music that appears in the first 7 seconds - and only the first 7 seconds - of the 45 second trip.  Times have been made up right now based on faulty memory. Sue me.You can also get the 'local' at Luxor, but as far as I could tell, it only runs one way. We waited at Luxor for a tram towards Mandalay Bay for a while, but eventually had to take one towards Excalibur, and then ride it back towards Mandalay Bay.  It's a quick enough ride - take any tram that comes along and you'll get to your destination quickly.So, there you go. Quick. Convenient. FREE. Calliope music, briefly.Las Vegas, make more trams!
2	This tram DOES NOT run 24 hours a day. And if it isn't running, its 0.7 miles to the Mandalay Bay.GREAT when its running, TERRIBLE when it is advertised as 24hours a day and its closed after midnight..you know, AFTER the time you'd be coming home!My feet say F*&% you tram!
4	You know what you will not find at the three tram stations? You won't find a sign that says, "If you are pregnant or have a pre-existing heart condition, do not ride this tram." If you're expecting a speedy, thrilling, death-defying ride between Mandalay Bay - Luxor - Excalibur, you'll have to look somewhere else. This is no bullet train. And it doesn't have to be. For what it is, it functions very well. The cost is free, which might make this tram the most shocking thing in all of Las Vegas. There are two rails for two trams, but both are not always running. We boarded a tram at Excalibur when it was the only one running. It passed Luxor without stopping and then stopped at Mandalay Bay, where we departed. I assume it stops at Luxor on the way back to Excalibur when there's only one tram in service. If your feet need a break, or you have someone in your group that is hard of walking, the tram is a serviceable alternative between the three lower-strip casinos.
3	There is NO reason why this shouldn't run 24-7.  It doesn't open weekdays until 9am and closes around 10pm-11pm.  Weak sauce!It's good enough for what it does in providing quick transport to Mandalay Bay to Tropicana Avenue...........but it's times leave much to be desired.
5	Its free and it gets you out of the vegas heat! Only down part is that only one tram was working not both. This tram should operate the whole strip...I mean seriously give the tourists something they can ride for free.....they are already spending all their money here!
4	Hey free is free, so I can't complain, plus I was able to use it three times in my last trip which saved me quite a bit of walking between the three casinos and going to various attractions within those casinos. I love that they offer this free tram service and I only wish that they made the waiting area inside like at Mandalay Bay as it is outside for both Luxor and Excalibur. In the winter it's a bit chilly but still can't beat the extreme convenience in access to the indoor areas. Definitely better than if you were walking through the strip!
3	Free ride it gets you to one place to another when you can barley crawl back to your place before you die!!!!! it gets you from Excalibur, to luxor to the Mandalay bay cool little ride and if you are frunk either sit down or hold the rail!!!!!!
4	Its funny how you can review something like this. Its free, air conditioned, and doesn't rock like the one from the mirage used to.
4	So it's a FREE tram from Mandalay Bay to Excalibur.  We used the tram to get to make the walk to MGM much shorter.  My only complaint is this thing stops running early.  We took advantage of it on our way over to our show at MGM but it was closed on the way back =(Anything to save some money instead of paying for taxis is a plus in my book.
5	What's not to like about a free tram ride from and to Mandalay Bay, Luxor and Excalibur Hotel.  Did I mention it's FREE.  I love that word.  Only stops at 3 hotels, but better than nothing especially after walking on the Strip for hours. Give it a try if your in the area.
4	Free Ride to 3 hotels is sick. you can take the express Tram from Excalibur to Mandalay Bay. the only thing is if you're going to Luxor you'll have to get off and ride the other Tram that's going the opposite direction. the Tram can get crowded. it can also get hot inside.  it's still beats walking in the heat though.
5	This free tram is awesome especially when you have to travel from Excalibur to The Mandalay Bay multiple times a day! My feet are forever grateful for it!
5	WOOO free tram ride :]i would like to think that this was made especially made for girls like me who are limping by the end of the night because we wear "really cute shoes" that hurt like hell.thank you mandalay bay-excalibur tram! you make that morning walk back to the hotel manageable. lifesaver!
3	It's free and easy. It saves a good amount of walking between the different casinos. Got me back into the action so they could take all of my money. In hindsight, I should have just walked.
4	After walking the strip for hours, but still wanting to sightsee... the tram is your answer! Free ride to and from Excalibur/Luxor/Mandalay.Too bad that it only services those 3 hotels, but its better than nothing. Another unfortunate thing is that it closes early. I think the last ride is around 10/10:30pm? I could be wrong, but I'm pretty sure its 10-something.
3	There are three free tram systems that operate on the west side of the strip. They're a great alternative to the $5 a ride monorail that runs on the east side. Working north, you can get from Mandalay to Excalibur. Get off at Excalibur and cut through New York New York. Enter the Monte Carlo and jump the Monte Carlo to Bellagio tram. I think this one is the more impressive of the trams. While you're waiting for the Monte Carlo tram you can ogle people lounging around Monte Carlo's pool. Beat that Toronto Transit!After getting off at the Bellagio, you can cut through Caesar's Palace and get to the Mirage. At the Mirage you can board the third tram north to the pretty damn ghetto Treasure Island. And from Treasure Island you can then cross the road to the Fashion Show mall.
4	Walking down the Las Vegas Strip is not fun between Mandalay Bay and Excalibur....that's why I'm a big fan of this tram.  Whenever friends visit, Mandalay Bay is a must stop.  On the rare occasion they want to also visit the Excalibur (not by my recommendation) we take the tram.  It's FREE and it beats walking all the way to the front of the property.  It's especially great during the hot Summer months.Return Factor - 90%
4	Definitely helps getting from Mandalay bay to the rest of the strip. It goes either direct to Excalibur, or makes a stop at Luxor (two separate Trams, follow the signs). This is especially helpful if you're wandering (stumbling?) the strip with one of those yummy alcoholic slushies ever so popular in Vegas. Times change on weekends (til midnight i think) so after that a taxi or walking will be your best bet.
5	It's FREE, and we never wait for more than 5 minutes...Can get busy during the peak, but usually we can cram everybody in to fit.It takes less than 2 minutes to get from one hotel to another.
3	I like this tram. Little trains. Comes often. Good.
4	This tram is ONLY worth it if you're going from Excalibur to Mandalay Bay or visa-versa. If you're going to Luxor from either location, just walk (it's probably faster than waiting and riding the tram)
5	BEST TRAM EVER! esp during the summer.perfect for lazy people who are hungover and not in the mood to walk (esp during the 100+ degree summers)
4	Awesome free transportation in Vegas.
5	This is FREE, convenient, fast, and crowded (expect a wait, but it's not too bad) on the weekends. We usually take this tram at least once or twice a year (when we walk The Strip). Despite the crowd of tourists, it's very clean and free of debris. Usually, it's crowded so you just grab a bar and hang on tight. The ride is really fast, and POOF! you're already there.
3	I don't know if I can say it was the best tram ever, it was free- that was the only good thing but it took kind of a while to get from Point A to Point B.  Also, if it is middle of the day time you have to walk through all these different shops and people being in your way. I actually timed it a few nights and I would have gotten home the same exact time (give or take 4 minutes) if I just walked through the actual streets and not taken this TRAM.  I guess I would still take it again, this tram and also the one at Monte Carlo.
5	Considering you don't pay a dime, it saves you a lot of steps, particularly when your feet are sore and you don't have to wait more than 5 minutes to catch it, it's a winner in my book.
2	Old tram needs a face-lift and a new interior, especially when compared to the new Aria-Bellagio tram. And two of the three hotels it goes to are dives (Luxor and Excalibur). Also, the tram was closed on a late Monday night/ early Tuesday morning so had to walk form the Excalibur back to the Mandalay Bay. Lame.
5	Free ride down to Mandalay Bay, the Luxor and the Excalibur so what is there not to love?  The Tram runs pretty frequent and fast during the day and its clean. There is an express tram that takes you from the Mandalay Bay and the Excalibur without stopping at the Luxor, just make sure you get on the right one.
3	Quick, clean, efficient, comes frequently - no complaints. I just wish there were more stops!
5	This tram will help you rest your feet from walking outside in the intense summer heat especially if your walking from Excalibur to Mandalay Bay. I'd never recommend you walk through to Luxor if you decide not to take the tram because it feels like your walking in a made go up an escalator and through around at the show area to get to Mandalay Bay. It's just a tiring journey and you'll thank the tram if you ever end up doing that.
4	***This was my first time using this tram even though I've walked to and from Mandalay Bay several times; it is a great (and free) service since Mandalay Bay is pretty far from many of The Strip's main attractions; the ride is comfortable; it might not save you that much time since it is a short trip, but if it is cold or hot on The Strip, it is a very handy service***Entrance to the Mandalay Bay tram is near the Mandalay Bay parking structure, which is free.
3	Just walk.
5	Love free tram rides! It is air conditioned and a great way to rest your feet yet still move about! Last tram is at 12:30 am.
5	Hey this thing is FREEEEEE!!!!!!The tram travels between Mandalay Bay and Excalibur.  There are 2 separate trams and tracks.  One is an express between the 2 big hotels.  The other makes a middle stop at Luxor if thats where you need to go.  My experience with this shuttle has been positive, always clean, run times are pretty quick and Hell for Free?  I mean c'mon, no Brainer!!!
4	For some much needed time off your feet, this tram does the trick! Make sure you read the signs for the arrival locations. One tram goes straight to Mandalay Bay, while the other stops at Luxor, then Mandalay. The TV/Ads they run during they trip seemed to be BLASTING loud last time, hopefully that issue will be resolved soon. Best part....it's F-R-E-E!
4	Free! Fast! What else do you want?
5	Great location, decent prices. I come to this Hotel & Casino the most because they always have deals, good location and I really enjoy Foundation Room for bottle service. Overall a wonderful, clean and friendly place to go and stay.
4	Staying at the Mandalay Bay, I found the tram to be a time saving convenience when venturing out on the strip by foot.
5	This tram is fun to ride to and from the Excalibur. This is conveniently located in front of Excalibur, Luxor, and Mandalay Bay.Have fun!
4	Great tram from Mandalay to Excalibur in one shot, skipping Luxor. Just know which tram you're jumping on. Make sure you check the operation times!
2	Interesting, bit the hours are terrible!  If you are looking to catch the tram late night on a weeknight to the Luxor from Mandalay Bay, forget it.  You are better off walking or taking a taxi.Yes, the tram is free, but is anything every free?  You're in Vegas!  It's very clean, safe and convenient, but if you are in a rush you are better off walking.  At least the times we were taking it, it seemed to take forever.  There are two trains, one that is non stop from the Excalibur to Mandalay Bay and the other that stops at Luxor.
4	Fast and convenient.
4	The tram is incredibly useful if you're staying at Mandalay Bay and want to hang out at NYNY (just across the footbridge from Excalibur). However, the hours are ridiculous. Stops running at 10:30pm on a Friday night? This is Vegas! Luckily, the footpath between Mandalay Bay-Luxor-Excalibur was built before all the trams/trains/taxis and is fairly easy to follow. It's just not as FUN as the tram!
5	Pratique pour se rendre de l'Excalibur au Mandalay Bay sans se fatiguer.
4	Excellent Tram that ran on time and efficiently.  Too short though but at least it got us to Cirque Du Soliel's MICHAEL JACKSON ONE on time!  For that, I am truly grateful.If I was mayor of Las Vegas, I would invest in a tram that circled the city and stopped at major hotels all day long, 24/7.   LOL
3	What kind of an asshole gives something free 3-stars? This asshole. (a.) It should be kept running later than what it currently is scheduled to operate. (b.) It should get beautified in some way (looks like it came out of the early 1990s) or perhaps entirely new tram-cars put on those tracks. (c.) It should be kept running later than what it currently is scheduled to operate. Does it move you from X to Y (or straight to Z)? Sure. Does not mean that it cannot be improved, as it should, considering this is Las Vegas, and, frankly this Mandalay Bay-Excalibur Tram is kind of embarrassing. - EX = Mandalay BayY=  LuxorZ = Excalibur
4	For the aquarium alone. It's a nice hotel. Shops are a little cheap. If you want luxury, go to Ceasar's or Venetian.
4	This Tram made it super convenient to get to Mandalay Bay. We were on the way to the shark reef aquarium and it was like 110 degrees out. Thankfully this was air conditioned, and quick! Not much wait time between the trams also. So you weren't stuck in the hotness for too long!
4	When you want to escape the heat of Vegas and you find yourself around Mandalay Bay, Excalibur, and Luxor, the tram is a good way to do so.There are two trams, one that is non stop from the Excalibur to Mandalay Bay and the other that stops at Luxor. The tram is air conditioned, clean, and fairly quick. If you don't feel like walking through the three connected hotels, the tram is your option.
4	free!  save your feet ache!
5	All I can say is FREE!  It is really convenient to be able to take this tram, especially with little kids. The whether in Vegas is either hot or cold/ windy, so it is nice to escape the outdoors when walking from one hotel to the next. It is a very clean tram. There are two trams one that goes directly from Excalibur to Mandalay bay/Four seasons or one that stops in between at the Luxor.  Love it!!
4	Not as clean as the City Center Tram that takes you from the Monte Carlo to the Bellagio and vice versa. I've seen some interesting people board this one, but we're in Vegas so that's expected. Again, convenient travel from one hotel to the next. Gotta love it!
1	How about signage showing the hours of operation?  Groups of prior were standing there waiting for a while. Why not not have that digital sign read "closed?" Simple customer service...
5	I love taking this tram! Sometimes we ride it just for fun because it has great scenery and saves you the hasty of walking all the way from one hotel to the other. I wish there were more of these on the strip. It would be cool if they made a few from one end of the strip to the other so you don't have to take a taxi.
4	I'm not sure who exactly owns and runs this.. but I imagine it's the three hotels it services.. It's a very useful tool for you if you had a disability or mobility issues.. otherwise it made us feel pretty lazy.But it was clean and a quick shot between Mandalay Bay to the Excalibur. What else can I say?
3	Ok- the tram/monorail thing is a little confusing.  This is the best site I found to help explain how it works:http://www.vegas.com/transportation/las-vegas-monorails/I was staying at the Tropicana and had to get back and forth from Mandalay Bay, and the forecast was for 105+ all week.  It was a little hard to figure out which stairway exactly to go up to get the tram.The good: It is airconditioned and faster than walking... and free!The bad; It's a little hard to find out where exactly to get on and offThe ugly: (1) The station you leave from (if you are coming from the Trop) is DIFFERENT than the station you get off at when returning.  On my way back, I stayed on because I didn't recognize the stop.  It wasn't until the doors closed and we were going backwards that I realized I should have gotten off.  I heard some British tourists in my car also had the same exact problem.  There should be better signage at the stations, or an announcement in the car, or a map, or something.  Of course, you only make this mistake once.(2) Going from the Excalibur to Mandalay is a straight shot, but coming back from Mandalay to the Excalibur stop, they also stop at the Luxor for some reason.  Which means, if you want to go from the Luxor to Mandalay, you have to go out of the way first (though I guess you could just walk since they are pretty close). Pro tip: If you are at a station, look in-between the tracks.  There is a thick metal cable there that the tram is attached to.  It gets pulled from the far end.  If the cable is still, the train is stopped.  So, you can look at the metal cables under the track to see if the train is coming towards you or moving away from you.  Since there are only 3 stops, you can figure out when when to be ready to get on board.
4	This tram is really good to ride when you're too lazy to walk and it's hot outside. My wife and I rode the tram from Luxor to Excalibur. The tram takes you from Mandalay Bay to Luxor to Excalibur. This tram is definitely worth the ride since it is free and it comes by pretty fast and frequent. Definitely use the tram if you are trying to get from Mandalay Bay to Excalibur. The tram has AC as well. You aren't riding on it for that long so at least it's a pretty quick ride to wherever your next destination is.
5	I am only writing the review because I got to ride this tram twice.Last time I was on it I thought it stopped at the luxor. I guess there is a new route where it goes from the excalibur straight to mandalay bay. The group I was with (some drunks on a bachelor party) rode the tram with a group of tourists. They were so embarrassed when they realized we went back to the Excalibur (since we didnt get off at mandalay bay) that they decided to skip the shame and get off  as if they were traveling the other way. We were obviously too intoxicated to feel any shame for taking the tram twice. A sign would have helped :)Otherwise, smooth ride, makes it easy to get to the further places on the strip.
