4	Food was good,  Service was not.  After being seated we had a waitress (who didnt introduce herself) ask us for our order.  We order steamed muscles to start.  The appetizer was huge and VERY good! once she cleared off our plates I order a second pint.  She brought us our complimentry salads, at this point I had to ask for my Pint again (took 10mins we were sitting right accross from the bar)  The salads would have been nicer served on a cold plate, I think they were premade and sitting.  The entres came very hot, and so good. I had the Chicken parm and my wife had the Trout.  Her risotto tasted very over cooked.  Other than having to ask our server a few times to get things the over all experience was good and the food was very tasty.  We will go back.  4 pints.1 app.2 mains.$97+ tip
4	So my first time to this Ennio's location and I would say overall it was a success. Like the previous reviewer my Sprite tasted really weird, it wasn't flat but it was definately off. I think maybe the need to have someone take a look at their pop machine. I also had a bit of an issue with my service, I do believe my Waitress was possibly the owner (owner's wife) and she was very slow but very friendly. Aside from the fact it took almost 10 minutes for our drinks to arrive I had a bit of an issue with the fact I (and the other tables around me) was being served presumably by the owner when there were Waitresses standing around with no work to be done. The only reason this bothers me is because I used to be a waitress and without my tips I likely would have found myself homeless in a very short period of time. The meal itself however was delicious, we tried one of the gnocchi dishes and a spicy penne and let me tell you it was amazing. We also really enjoyed the bread, salads and calamari. Over all I would definitely recommend Ennio's if your in the mood for some traditional italian pasta.
3	The food was excellent, no complaints. I had the Mafalda Rustica, and my companion had the Cappelletti and both were fresh tasting and delicious. The service was slow... really slow, about an hour to get our entrees. To their credit they did keep bringing us bread. I had an Italian lager of some sort, it wasn't memorable at all. As the other review mentioned the water here tastes a bit off. We were too full for dessert, but there looked to be some tasty options.The lighting was terribly dim in there, to the point of being difficult to see. I understand it's supposed to add ambience, but it was a bit much.
5	Wow... my wife and I were craving pasta while we were in town... I find that food in Kitchener typically quite horrible.  We sat at a table with a bunch of photos on the wall... old Italian family photos.  I thought... wow... nice photos they cut out of Vanity Fair.A nice older Italian woman that was smitten with my daughter was very prompt and courteous... the portions were perfect!  Not the massive American style portions.The vodka sauce was as good as Il Mulino's in NYC... and my wife's pasta screamed Rome to us.  It was quite an incredible lunch experience.  Everything tasted homemade... at the end of the meal we took home a container of bolognese.  Good thing it wasn't in an air-tight container, otherwise I would've bought a ton more to bring home to California...Anyhow, back to the woman serving us and the photos... turns out, she owned the joint and her photo was one that I was admiring earlier on!  Love it!
5	Amazing taste of little Italy in the big city. This is a quaint little spot is right in the middle of everything so make the effort to stop in and enjoy a fabulous meal with a real home cooked Italian taste.I would highly recommend the "Passover bread" as it a personal favourite and must have for my wife and I. Decent wine selection that could be a little better but the reason we come here is for the excellent food and delightful service !5 stars !
4	A nice Italian family run restaurant. Classic Italian dishes served in a comfortable environment. Excellent for dining in or take out. They even sell jars of their home made meat sauce! Overall an excellent establishment. I work in the area so i have been here quite a number if times. I always enjoy it. I have seen Ennio there occaisionally, but usually its his wife & daughter that are there.
4	This place was great. I like that the pasta entrees come with a small side salad and fresh bread. The oil they give to dip the bread in is delicious.I ordered the mushroom and bacon carbonara. My only complaint was that it was extremely salty.  I ended up not eating most of the bacon just because it was so salty!  Other than that, it was really good.
5	Exceptional service and atmosphere - we frequent this Restaurant on  many occasions  as well as the waterloo location. We have NEVER been disappointed with the food or service at either location. We had reservations for Saturday at 7 while it wasn't at capacity I would highly recommend a res for a high traffic night. We always get the pazzo bread to start which is a great starter - I never leave hungry as the portions are very generous - great Italian salad - but exceptional service is the true sign of excellence and this establishment always bodes it well! Expect to pay around $70-80 dollars for a starter, 2 glasses of wine and 2 main entrees. I feel the price is very acceptable for the level of quality, prompt service and impeccably clean Resturaunt - a KW must!!
