5	I LOVE the food here and the prices, but the service isn't always the best...but some things, folks, I can ignore if the food is good enough and is IS here.  Always made perfectly!  Just check your order and you will be ok.
5	Cheap, fresh, delish. I have never had issues with service.
3	I feel like the quaility is going the wrong direction with this place. I used to love the Churros here but the have been falling off.
1	This place is a $hit shack.  We had some coupons and went there on SuperBowl Sunday.  2 chickens and a bunch of sides cost us $40.  It just wasn't worth it.  Plus there is nowhere to park.  If the 5 spots are filled out front, you're screwed due to the poor design and layout of this store, to its parking lot.Save yourself the trouble.   Go to Costco, Albertsons or Frys and buy one of their pre-made chickens for $5. Shoot...buy 3 of them.   Buy your own sides (Kraft Mac-n-cheese, Bushes baked beans, instant mashed potatoes) and make them yourself.  Feel better you didn't give $40 to this crappy establishment.
1	Well I use to stop and get the $5 burros here and they were decent, as decent as a $5 burro meal can be.  My last visit I decided to try a chicken meal.  I got the 3 piece with corn and fries, came with 2 tortillas.Soda-Ice cold no problems.Toritllas-warm tasted goodCorn-Previosly frozen over cookedFries-Soggy/limp -too bad seasoning was goodChicken-Dried out, pieces were 1/5 of a normal piece. I measured the leg it was the length of my index finger maybe an inch around-maybe.  So basically for $8 I got some warm tortillas and a coke.  I couldn't even eat it.
5	Best healthy alternative near here.  Fresh avocado and the avocado lime salsa is my favorite.   The chicken citrus avocado salad is fantastic.   Chicken avocado poblano tacos are amazing.  Love this food.   I usually get drive thru and go home and eat.  Sometimes I don't have time to cook a healthy dinner and this is a great dinner rescuer.
4	Chicken citrus avocado salad. I did try this salad because I like everything that's in it. Glad we had coupons. It was ok it just seemed like more lettuce than what the picture looked like. I like really good thick salads so if I am going to pay 8 dollars for one it better be a mega salad. It is El pollo loco so they could have put a bit more chicken on that sucker. Maybe a few more slices of avocado. Well it was tasty though. I really like el pollo loco the chicken is bomb. Wish they had one closer to me. :(  I am still a fan though.
2	Call Brittany Spears, because I did it again. I went to the chain chicken joint and guess what, they don't make very good chicken. I justified it with the "on the way home" rationale backed up by the "they aren't a major chain" basis. Yeah, they may not be McDonald's but they sure suck like McDonald's. It really isn't too hard to make chicken and I almost dare say hard to screw it up. El Pollo Loco likes to beat those odds apparently. Think thin chicken breasts a little overcooked with loose skin. I guess it beats the alternative of under cooked chicken which would result in an awesome vacation to my lavatory. El Pollo Loco has some pretty good spices to work with and even better equipment by the looks of it. When you walk in you are instantly welcomed by some pretty sweet aromas. Presumably that is where they get you around the outside, the smells. Give your order and take it seat, though. It's going to be a bumpy ride.The restaurant was fairly empty so I don't know why it took so long to get our food. Blame it on the drive through I suppose. Again, the smells are nice when they arrive but the chicken just falls apart after that. In some cases, this is literal. Rubbery skin, mushy chicken, and the flavors just kind of slop around in that mess. The biscuits are dry and pretty flavorless making the highlight a well mixed fountain drink. Yeah, it was pretty bleak.Never again I say. I drive past this location very often since it is in my vicinity but I don't even look at it anymore. I feel like it is mocking me because it led me astray. It was the temptation that reminded me of why don't do the chain thing if at all possible. I would have rather been disappointed by Chick-fil-A. At least then I would have had some good chicken out of the deal.
4	First time eating at El Pollo Loco and I was very pleasantly surprised!! I had an avocado chicken quesadilla and it was very good. Drive thru was very fast and employee was very friendly. Will return!
4	I can't believe all the poor reviews.  This is, after all, a fast food restaurant.  I have been there 10  or 12 times and the employees have always been friendly.  They have a decent selection of sides and the chicken is far better, and healthier,  than any of the KFCs or Churches I have tried in the area.  Always like picking up a to go order there when the grand kids are in town.
4	Standard El Pollo Loco fare here - marinated flame-grilled chicken and all the fixins. The one thing that is notable about this particular location is the friendly service. We come here about once a month or so and the food and service is consistently above par (compared to other El Pollo Loco locations).  They are accommodating, efficient and work hard to ensure that the orders are correct. That's all management and they deserve a nod. If you're looking for a quick, delicious meal in the area, El Pollo Loco is an easy choice.
5	8 piece chicken dinner with 2 sides, 4 tacos, and your choice of deserts for $20!!!!!!!!! I can't cook unless it is on a grill so when it is dinner time and the kids need to eat, this was the spot.I was just giving it a shot and I was super impressed. The chicken was very good, the beans were fantastic with a smoky taste, and their tacos are so simple but hands down my favorite part. Thanks for making my life easy El Pollo.
