2	We ordered the 30pc special, which included an order of fries, medium ranch dressing and 2 drinks for $22.95. We got the Lemon Pepper, Garlic Parmesan and Hot &  Sweet wings. The Lemon pepper were the best out of the three.  They had a pretty good flavor to them. The garlic parmesan were pretty plan. Not very garlicky or parmesany. The Hot & Sweet were neither hot or sweet. The wings overall were a bit on the dry side. Maybe a little overcooked. The fries were ok. We also ordered an order of the Funnel Cake fries but the picture looked better than what they really tasted like. Overall, I think I'll get my wings elsewhere.
1	If i could give this place zero stars I would. My family ordered almost $80 worth of wings in a variety of flavors(sauces) for a party we were having. When my husband brought it home he realized that the ENTIRE order was wrong. It was several orders of bone-in teriyaki flavored wings when we had ordered all fingers with several different sauces. We immediately called and explained the situation to the cashier. They took our information and said we could come in any time for a refund or replacement order of the same value. We thought this was great service, but come to find out when we tried to redeem this offer a couple weeks later, we were informed that this was "not their policy" and they "would not honor the offer" by the manager of this establishment. She was very rude and would not even offer to work with us or compromise.  we will NOT give this place any more business EVER.  terrible customer service is a deal breaker. the food is sub-par in comparison to other wings places. BUYER BEWARE!!!!!
3	The wings were pretty good. The Hellfire ones weren't very hot at all but the flavor was good. The wings could've used a little more sauce. The fries are amazing! Kind of like wingstop fries, but with more flavor.  The wait was really long but there was only one person working when I was there. Definitely need to get more staff working at the same time.
1	The first time I went here it was good, but I feel that it is swiftly going down hill. I went with 3 other people and we got 3 separate orders, but the people who worked there somehow managed to get each order wrong. The trash can was spilling out all over the floor. You would think they would empty the think. You would be better off walking across the parking lot to Geisha Steakhouse.
1	BLEH!
2	There are better hole-in-the-walls out there. Go next door to the Taco shop if you can't decide what to eat.
4	Have gotten take-out from here twice.  First time wife brought home wings and fries and I liked them very much.  I logged onto yelp today to locate a wing place and was dismayed to read all the negative reviews.  They're the closest wing place to my house and I did like the food last time so I decided to give them another shot.Called in my order and the lady who answered the phone was very nice, and even suggested one of their specials to save me some money when she heard what I wanted.Arrived 15 mins later to pick up my food.  Two people working, both adults.  The nice lady greeted me with a smile and took my money.  I looked into the kitchen and a gentleman was finishing packaging my food.  I heard him say to the lady 'I wasn't sure what to do with the fries' so I am guessing he is new.  The service was fine despite all the previous reviews, and I suspect it's because there are new adult personnel working the restaurant.Brought my food home and was very pleased with the quality.  The wings were perfectly cooked and the Buffalo Hot Sauce was tasty (though not notably hot/spicy).  The fries were excellent, some of the best I've had from a quick-stop place.  I saw a huge bag of potatoes in the kitchen so they obviously cut them fresh.  The season them with something so delicious I ate them with no ketchup; they're that good.  The blue cheese dressing is homemade and mine was flavored with a LOT of garlic; never had blue cheese dressing taste like that but it was quite good and I did use some of it on the occasional french fry.I will definitely return.  Hopefully the owner/manager has gotten his staff straightened out and the food and service stay as good as I experienced today.
2	Don't waste your time at this wing place; the sign says best wing in town...umm I think not! My daughter wanted some chicken wings so I took her here since we were around the neighborhood. We ordered a number 2 which came with 15 chicken wings with your choice of 2 flavors (got the Garlic Parmesan and mild), fries and a large drink. The garlic Parmesan was okay and the mild lacked some flavor. The fries were decent they were perfectly seasoned. The service was okay considering the fact that there was only one person working and tables needed to be cleaned. There was one table that was clean and that's where we decided to sit. The tables didn't even get cleaned the whole time we were there so if people wanted to eat there they have to request to get the table cleaned.
1	Despite the bad reviews here on Yelp, I was in the area and craved chicken wings. Got the wings & tenders combo. Totally gross! The wings tasted like cardboard and the tenders tasted like dirty socks. It was soaked in oil. A cholesterol overdose. The fries were ok. It was disgusting.
2	I was craving wings and Wing Stop was too far away. I drove by here and thought why not! The sign does say "best wings in town". Walked in and the place is dead quiet with no body in sight. A TV was on but no sound. A nice young man came out from the back and was very pleasent. Nothing spectacular. The menu is a bit overwelming. The prices have been changed and re-written over more than once. I was a little confused on what was what so got the number 1 which was 8 wings, fries and a soda (10 bucks). Took 15 mins for the food to cook which was no problem. I''ll wait for fresh food. I took it with me to go and when I got home I realized they are trying to be just like Wing Stop. The fries are exactly the same but the wings are not very good. They seemed freezer burnt when put in the fryer. I got half Cajun half Garlic Parm. The garlic parm had no flavor. Tasted like they were just covered in oil. The Cajun were ok, but nothing special. I wouldn't go back.
1	just ate the wings on n.decaeur for the first time  . I ordered the sweet and hot sauce for my wings and ive got to say the sauce tasted like watered down hot sauce , it was awful . on top of that , I found a piece of steel wool in my wings . when brought to the attention of the employee , his response was " oh , sorry , must be from when we cleaned the fryers " well no shit !!!! will not be eating there again , if you want good wings , stick to buffalo wild wings where you know the wings will be good and debris free ........ i would give this place no stars but unfortunately u cant .
3	First time eating here.  We ordered mild, hot garlic, and Cajun kickers wings.  They were good, but not very spicy.  My husband loved the fries.  It takes a while because they made it fresh.  The guy behind the counter was very friendly and helpful.
1	What a joke! The best wings in Vegas my ass! I have never had bad French fries in my life! These were absolutely terrible! They were soggy and way too greasy! The wings were okay, nothing special but I can make wings better than this place! And all the workers there are defiantly on drugs!! They were forgetful and looked like they were on drugs! One of the guys the forgot one of our fry offers then has the nerve to charge me for an extra ranch and an additional tip which we had already tipped! I have never met someone who pretty much begged for a tip! He just  kept on asking for a tip! Ugh! I will NEVER eat here again! Absolutely horrible customer service and horrible food! Do not go here!
1	Unfortunately not measuring up to par when it comes to food quality or service.  From the moment we walked in we seemed to be bothering the one and only employee. After drawing some information about the sauces out of him, he took our order but never even looked at us.  Then it was back into the kitchen after handling money, but I didn't see him wash his hands.  Once the food arrived, the "Cajun Kicker"wings had no heat to them at all and the "sweet and spicy" chicken tenders were bland as well.
1	Walked in there and ordered lunch for me and my son. My shoes stuck to the floor, tables were so dirty my arms stuck to the table. Trash can had gross slime dripping down the side. I didn't even ask for my money back. I told lady , this was the most  filthy restaurant I ever been in , in Vegas and left.
1	I give it one star because the fries were pretty good. A little soggy, but seasoned well. The Chicken Fingers were ok. Got the Cajun flavor and it was hot sauce with Cajun sprinkled on top. Not special. When you walk in it was very awkward. No music. No TV. Dead silence. Wasn't greeted until a couple moments. Only one employee. She took the order and cooked it. She was very nice. Just.. So quiet in there. If your going to try this place. Take fries to go.
1	Went with a friend after we had a craving for some wings.  Soon as we walk in, we noticed an empty dinning area and after a few moments noticed a lady sitting in the kitchen ignoring us. She eventually greeted us. Explained the menu. Explained the soda machine was broken and they only had lemonade. It was awkward but we ordered, not realizing we both we thinking about ditching this place. Once ordered we had to find a seat. Which should have been easy as the place was empty, but the tables were dirty and gross. At this moment we realized we made a mistake. But it was too late. We decided to give it a shot. We sat in silence and watched 3 people walk in and immediately leave. We stared in envy as we wished we could have done the same. The food arrives and we ate. The fries weren't bad and they gave me a bunch. The wings were okay. I got the normal buffalo and it was a little sweet for a buffalo sauce. The whole experience made this trip a 1 star review.  I will not be returning. Plus the lemonade tasted like crap. So I'm really thirsty now. Thanks Wings Restaurant. For nothing.
5	To the customers who were left with a bad taste in their mouth,                                  we have recently taken on the challenge of re-establishing this restaurant. A place that claims to have the best wings in town should live up to it, so we would like to welcome anyone who is willing to give our changes and efforts a shot, to come by and fill your bellies.New ownership always offers new experiences and at least a second chance to make up for the mistakes of other owners in the past.                      Reviving the originally good intended ethics, to see happy customers who enjoy the food we are feeding them. And I would like to hear your feedback, let us know what you would like to see here and we'll do what we can to make it happen. Now I'm not promising pole dancers drenched in ranch or tiny people dressed like buffalo chicken that break out in song and dance, but if there is any ambience that is commonly suggested, we are listening, and we hope to make a good impression that will leave you wanting to return. So thanx for your time, and we hope to see your hungry faces soon.
