5	So great, $35 and you wouldnt believe the service. By far the best.
3	Heard of them before and got a postcard for a free "floater" (scalp massage), and we have a salon client, so thought I'd investigate. Overall a pleasant experience, online scheduling is easy and I got a text reminder which was nice. It was a little hard to find them (they aren't in the S'dale Quarter directories yet) and their vm goes to a corporate number which has the loooooooongest automated message, but I found it ok after all.I got there and gave them my postcard for the floater. The place is very cute, I like the concept. It was clean and bright, good music, mirrors everywhere are a bit much lol Appropriately girly movie on the flatscreens, fresh flowers were happy looking, and the receptionist was cute. They wound up forgetting my floater, which doesn't seem like a big deal, but it was kind of the whole reason I went, so it sucked :( They gave me my postcard back to use again before it expires in May, which is nice, but it also means I have to get my hair done twice if I want to get a free scalp massage...I still love my girls at my salon, but it was kind of nice to pop into a place 10 minutes from home and have them do a quick touch up and walk out feeling cute (I did get a lot of compliments). I'll try it again. I could see it being a fun place for a girls' party :)
4	I came here yesterday for a SpaGirls event. The normal $35 blowdry was $25. Located in the Scottsdale Quarter, I parked in the south garage which was just off the side street Drybar was located. It didn't take me long to locate it and it was a very short walk from the garage. The decor was light and nicely done. On Saturdays and Sundays,they have champagne and dessert until 2pm so I had a couple of mimosas during my time there. My appt was at 2pm but they got me in 15 minutes early which was nice. When they took me back, Christine washed my hair and talked to me about the conditioning shot for my hair. For $20, it is supposed to last for 6 weeks. I thought, why not, since summer is coming and my coarse hair is about to get drier. I asked Christine to do what I think is called "Straight Up" which is stick straight. Since my hair is really thick, it took her awhile but she did a fantastic job! I have honestly never seen my hair look this good. My girlfriend went too and I never saw her curly hair look that good straight. She had her ends curled whereas I did mine all straight but both of our hair looked awesome. When I got home and went to work, I received many compliments. I felt the staff was very friendly and I would definitely go back. They have packages like 3 blowdrys for $100 which saves some $. I wouldn't go to Drybar all of the time but for a girl with curly hair, it is a nice indulgence to have someone blowdry and style it straight for me. Love it!!
3	If you are familiar with "Girly Girlz" - the place where little girls all go to get their hair done and all come out looking the same, then you'll get a good picture of what you will end up with here. You could spot the Drybar clients easily. Why? They had awesome hair! A bit Fembot - ish, but heck, sexy, right? So, if you don't mind looking like the girl sitting two barstools down (with great hair), you'll love it.Seriously, I was really excited about this place and was underwhelmed for the following reasons: 1) The shampoo sucked - my cheapest hairstyler gave a better scalp massage without having to add $ for it.  2) It took 1 hour - which I'll excuse since I have long hair and they don't charge more - but if I had a whole hour to blow my hair dry at home - vs. the 15 min. before the kids start breaking things - I could get my hair looking hot too .3) It pretty much looked like it usually does, but slightly better. 4) Their styles pretty much are the same. Straight or curly.5) 2 hours after I left, that "slightly better" look I described in point #3 disappeared.So.....worth the $45 ($10 suggested tip)? I'd say only if you really have no skills with your hair, or want to feel a little extra special for not much cash. I would consider going back with a few girls and then hitting the Scottsdale Quarter with our matching 'do's. :)Staff was nice, place was cute, and it is very easy to find.
3	It's not that I can't do my own hair.....I'd just prefer it if someone else would do it for me.If you're that kind of girl with 45min to an hour to kill, Drybar is for you. I spent extra on a Floater -- not worth the $10 -- save it to tip your stylist.Be specific and realistic with the look you want to achieve. As much as I want my hair to look fabulous, it will take industrial strength hairspray to keep much of a curl in my hair. My stylist listened well with a dry hair consult and checked in prior to getting started on the blow dry.Pros? The majority tools used are TOP-NOTCH. There's nothing better for your hair than Bio-Ionic dryers and brushes. Good job, Drybar.  Cons? The amount of time it took to dry my hair and style it was for-frickin-ever. I've got medium length hair, and even discounting the 10 minute floater, it took an hour from wash to walk-out. Whereas my hair definitely looked styled when it was done, it didn't look polished -- something i treasure every time I walk out of my stylist's chair every six weeks. Also, I don't know that you can specifically request a stylist (at least you can't when using the online booking tool) so YMMV when on return visits.For the price, I'm sure to make a return visit if I have a special event or am looking for an amazing start to a night out. But the competition for this market is getting stiff (Primp & Blow, Park Ave Blow Dry, etc....) so Drybar, you're going to have to step up your game in Scottsdale if you want to blow away the competition.
1	I can only do three things to my hair: straight, regular curls, or up in a clip/ponytail. My 5 year anniversary was coming up so I thought it would be fun to have someone style it for me before my fancy dinner date with Hubby. It turned out to be an irritating experience. I planned my whole day around this appointment (4 P.M.). I hate being late to anything, so I booked it over to the Drybar and arrived right on time. The thing was, they were not on time. FAR from it. I was asked my name and then told that I would have to wait 10 minutes. 10 minutes later I was asked my name again and told to still wait. Almost 5 minutes later I was asked what my name was AGAIN and told to wait. I should have put on a name tag. This time I was told that a party came in 20 minutes late so everyone was running behind. I wanted to say "that's not my problem, how are you going to make it better?" but I like to see how good a business is by seeing how they deal with problems and how much they appreciate business. Their way: do nothing. So 30 minutes after my appointment time (and me stewing and starting to freak out if I have enough time to get all the way home in traffic, change, do my makeup, and get to the restaurant on time), they FINALLY call me back.The girl takes me to the back sink and asks which hair style I want. They have a "menu" of about 6 hairstyles. I said the Mai Tai. She said "Mai Tai?" I think to myself "damn it, it just gets worse." I say "yes, the beachy look." So she said "Oooooh, the one with loose big curls?" I respond with "sure" (while I mentally roll my eyes wondering what she is going to do to my hair). She washes my hair and brings me to the chair. The one good thing about this girl is that she didn't talk much, which I like since I hate trying to hear someone talk while a blowdryer is making loud noise in my ear. While drying my hair she asks which side I part my hair. I said "My bangs go this way" while I make a motion with my hand the way my bangs go. She parted it on the other side. I see a lot of the stylists have cute feathers in their hair so I ask about them. She told me they are fast and easy to do, so I say I'll go for a few. She finished styling my hair, which did NOT look beachy (my hair was frizzy at the top instead of smooth, and my curls were medium sized...which I could do myself...for free). It seemed like every customer was getting the same hairstyle (they looked like the "southern comfort" style). I saw NO ONE that had anything different which makes me wonder why they even have a menu if you don't even get a choice. I was running out of time and thought maybe the cute feathers would save the look and make it look different than what I can do myself. Nope. The feathers were thin and she said she was going to put them so I can pull them out or hide them if needed. She put them under so much of my hair and they were so thin I could hardly notice them. At this point I was just done and wanted to leave asap because it was just a disaster. I kept the extensions in for 2 weeks, and not a single person noticed them because she put them under so much hair. I will never go back and just stay with my regular stylist. Long story short: horrible customer service and an obnoxious experience.
5	After having a baby a few months ago and moving to the midwest where places like this don't exist, I knew I needed to try Drybar out on a recent trip back to Scottsdale.  And at $35 plus tip - it's affordable!  My hair is in the growing out stage, just past shoulder length, so I was worried that none of the styles would look as good as they do in the photos.  I was wrong - my "Cosmopolitan" turned out super cute with just the right amount of curl.  I looked done up without looking over done - just what I was going for!  I also saw they have "Floaters", which is a 10 minute head massage for $10...which might be a nice addition once in awhile.  The salon has a modern and clean look, which I love, and staff were friendly.   If I still lived in Scottsdale, I could see myself having a girl's night start here for sure!  Plus, there is plenty of shopping and dining (lululemon and True Food Kitchen!!) nearby.
4	First of all, I absolutely love the yellow, grey, and white decor at this place!  I love the concept too... I never make the time to blow out my own hair, so it is a treat to go here and have it done for you.  I received a gift card for a blowout from this place ($35 value) when they first opened, and I finally made my way in to use it this past week...I made my appointment online on their website which was easy and I received a confirmation immediately.  (Gotta love technology when it works!)  I showed up a few minutes early and was greeted and welcomed in.  I was offered water to drink... I guess my pregnant belly gave it away that I wasn't going with anything stronger!  After looking at the style book, I chose to go with "The Manhattan," a sleek and smooth style, and requested that Larysa, the girl assigned to do my blowout, use a round brush for slight curl underneath.  I also added on a "floater," a 10-minute scalp massage ($10), which was awesome.  Half way through my session, Larysa wasn't feeling well, so someone else took over, but I know that was likely a fluke.  I enjoyed watching "Julie and Julia" during my time there... I guess they show girly movies all of the time which is a nice touch.  They also offer plenty of magazines and snacks.  (I went with a cranberry trail mix which was a perfect little afternoon bite).I was in and out within an hour and if it weren't for my gift card, it would've been just over $60 (including tip), which I think is a tad bit on the pricey side, but a huge treat nonetheless.  I was promptly emailed a thank you and receipt for my visit... another nice touch.  Bottom line: I think Drybar will be hugely successful in the Scottsdale Quarter location and I know they will continue to grow nationally as well.  I believe they are opening up in San Fran next.  I'll be back for a special occasion, I'm sure, but if anyone is looking to get me a gift, I'd gladly accept a giftcard to Drybar as well... (hint, hint).
4	I LOVED the decor in this place, and they give out sweets, drinks and play girly movied like Clueless and Legally Blonde all day! So cute and right up my alley. The staff was nice and I love the concept, what a fun girly treat :)
5	I'm officially a Drybar whore. I can't stay out of the place. I recently became the mayor on foursquare and was slightly horrified to realize it was the 3rd time I'd been there in a week lol Sure, sometimes they run a bit late or whatever, but overall I've had a consistently great experience.I love the atmosphere, the drinks (mimosas if you like. me likey), the girly movies, its ALWAYS clean which is important to me and I have a favorite girl to go to (can't tell you who it is and have her get all booked up :) I thoroughly enjoy popping in first thing in the morning and having fabulous salon-looking hair all day, its a treat and I love it! The women who work there are very friendly, I'm always in and out in an hour and they have my card on file- I just tell them to charge it, they email a receipt and I'm out the door. They are even super sweet and attentive when I occasionally have to bring my baby boy- that gets them extra bonus points.love it! Drybar, I want to work there, I want to own one, I want to whisper sweet nothings in your ear. I feel like I'm cheating on my husband, good thing there is no receipt to bring home or he'd probably kill me lol
4	Getting my hair done at Drybar was a fun treat. I don't usually pay to only get my hair styled, but it was a fun and relaxing experience. My stylist listened to me and did my hair exactly how I asked (I didn't refer to their "styles" they have advertised, just explained how I wanted it to look). She was also very gentle and didn't pull hair or leave me cringing at all. Nice!Unfortunately it started to fall pretty quickly so when I got home I had to add some extra hairspray. Luckily I was going home before I headed out, otherwise it probably would have been totally flat within a few hours. Next time I'll know to bring hairspray with me for touch-ups if I'm not going home right away.The atmosphere is so lovely! Very fresh, modern, and clean. All of the employees seemed very friendly and made it a good experience. I will go back, but only when I have a special occasion when I don't want to worry about styling my own hair.Note: my appointment took 15 minutes longer than planned and the salon is very small, so on a busy day there is probably a good risk of them running behind schedule. Keep this in mind and book your appointment earlier than you think just so you can accommodate for running over your appointed time or starting late.
4	I was super-excited when Groupon featured a Drybar deal... I have really thick, long wavy hair, so hearing about a place that blowdries your hair is a dream come true (yet, a luxury that I wouldn't splurge very often). Sometimes you wonder if you'll be treated the same with a Groupon, but everyone at Drybar was great! I was offered a beverage when I got there and they had a stylist all ready for me. You consult with the stylist and can pick through a book of hair style options or come up with your own. I wanted to go straight, but still wanted a little volume. Kittim did my hair (and I have lots of it). He put in some hard work! The end result was awesome. My hair looked sleek, but had volume - just what I envisioned. My appointment was on a Friday morning. I hopped on a flight to Vegas that afternoon and by my flight home on Sunday night, my hair STILL looked great. I probably could have gone another day, but after traveling and going out in Vegas it was time for a good hair washing. I will most definitely go back to dry bar, but next time, I probably won't get the floater massage (while it felt really nice, they do the massage while you're lying in the shampoo chair, which to me is not the most comfortable, relaxing place). A blowout costs $35 and they recommend a $10 tip, so it's a little pricey for something that's only going to last a few days, but in my mind totally worth it for special occassions. Overall a great concept, cute decor, excellent service, and an awesome end result!
5	A friend of mine is in a wedding soon where the bridal party is having their hair done at Drybar. She has very VERY curly hair so she wanted to see what it would be like to have them blow out and straighten her hair (it tends to get very frizzy). I decided to go along for the ride as I have very long hair and am often way too lazy/short on time to ever style it myself. We had appointments and were taken back right on time. It was early in the day, but still a Friday so I expected it to be busy. It did say on the web site that each appointment is approximately 1/2 hr long. But with my massive amounts of hair, and her massive amounts of curls it took us both an hour. We didn't have any place to be which was good, but just keep in mind that your appointment may go longer than stated on the web site. But I have to say that Liz did my hair PERFECTLY. Exactly the way I would do it if I wanted to do it myself. I'm glad I live 30 minutes away or I would be there waaay too often. And my friend came out with perfectly straight hair, just what she wanted. The price to me was great, and explaining to my boyfriend why I paid $45 (after tip) for someone to "just stand there with a blow drier" (as he put it; she did FAR more than that) is the same as explaining why I indulge on the occasional mani/pedi (which turns out to be around the same price). Sure I can paint my nails myself, but why deprive myself of the indulgence?
5	I love this place and I would go every week if the pocket book approved of it. Which I have several friends who do go every week and love every minute of it! I was in here yesterday afternoon and it was my second time going. I adore the stylish design of the salon and the color scheme as well. My first time going I ordered up the Mia Tai which was a few curls and tame. Yesterday I took on the Cosmopolitan and I must say it made me feel super hot! I received lots of compliments and my sister looked passed me because she was looking for my curly mess! The staff is very friendly and check in with you through out. LOVE LOVE LOVE this place!
4	Hello Drybar and THANK YOU Stephanie! I heard about Drybar in NYC, and was able to experience it here in Scottsdale. If you like to be pampered and get sick of doing your own hair this is the place for you! Walk in, check in, minimal wait, and greeted by friendly Stephanie. I received the wash, scalp massage, and was on my way to a fantastic hair-do on a Saturday night. You pick from a book the style you wish, and they do their magic. I wasn't offered a beverage, but confirmed with the receptionist I should have been. So, don't miss out on your complimentary champagne. I will be back, and think it would make an awesome and different gift for friends and family. PS - The only annoying part is the misters outside the store which could potentially ruin your hair!!
2	I had heard great things about Dry bar, and so when they offered a groupon for the scottsdale location, you can bet I purchased a couple.  I took a friend there for a birthday blow out, and we both loved it - couldn't wait to come back and us my groupon. My low rating isn't for the service or the value for the fee, in fact, I was in love with Dry Bar after my first visit. My low rating b/c when I called to book an appointment to use up my groupon before it expired, they were totally booked - for the next two days with Zero openings. They basically told me: too bad for you, try calling groupon and asking for a refund.  I was surprised that they wouldn't even offer to let me use the groupon the following week....or offer me a credit of 50% of the value or SOMETHING to keep my business. Nope, nothing. I call this bad customer service.  You would think in a tough economy when everyone is counting their pennies a business like this would be more willing to go the extra mile to keep customers happy and loyal - apparently, they are doing so well, they don't need to.  Luckily - there is an alternative in Scottsdale - www.primpandblow.com that I will be trying out...
5	My hair is so obnoxious, it made one stylist cry during an attempted blowout, and my current regular stylist swears that despite my Irish appearance I most certainly have some degree of African descent. Throw in extensions of different texture that need to blend in and you have one ridiculous head of hair to style. I have finally mastered taming the Afro puff on my own, but after recent injury I was not up to the 45 minute arduous task which requires two strong arms, multiple products and styling tools, not to mention blood, sweat, and tears. Ah! Drybar, the answer to my vain prayers.$35 for the shampoo, blowout, and style - you can't beat that with a stick. An appointment was easily booked online and off I went. The staff is super friendly and the decor is perfect - interesting, but not cluttered. There's cookies sitting around for a quick nosh or you can buy little bags of snacks. You are offered flavored water, champagne, whatever your pretty little heart desires. This month's magazines are everywhere and a big flat screen TV is playing a movie with subtitles. I've had the same stylist, Jessica, two weeks in a row, and she is awesome. Friendly and chatty enough, but doesn't force conversation which is next to impossible anyway when a jet-engine blow dryer is roaring 4 four inches from your ear. Too many stylists don't get this - Jessica, you rock. The shampoo is awesome, relaxing in plush chairs with just a little scalp massage thrown in ($10 extra for 10 full minutes of rubby-rub heaven... maybe next time!). We picked a style from their little picture book and away we went, Jessica completely nonplussed by the frizzy/extension mess on my head. Both times, I've left with gorgeous and perfectly done hair resplendent with the delicious scent of Moroccanoil products. The first blowout lasted a full week so I expect the same this time around. LOVE everything about this place: the concept, the execution, the style. Love the beverages, love the online appointment booking/confirmation/thank yous, love the ease of the entire process. The location in the Scottsdale Quarter is hideously inconvenient for me which is the only factor that would prevent me from going every single week for all perpetuity. I practically begged the owner/manager to consider opening a location in Phoenix - 40th St/Camelback, I'm looking at you. Pretty please.
5	Thanks you so much Dry Bar!!!  I purchased the Groupon for this place for a special occasion....my birthday!  I was able to make an appointment the same day as my birthday celebration.  I have to admit if you're not familiar with Scottsdale Quarter, trying to find Dry Bar is a little tricky (its between the yogurt place & Grimaldi's).  I was greeted with great customer service and they even remembered that it was my birthday (bonus points).  I was offered a glass of champagne and was whisked away to get my hair washed.  My groupon included a 10 minute scale massage and I highly recommend adding this service to your blowout. Jessica did a fantastic job on my hair!  I have natural curly hair and lot's of it!  She was able to blow dry my hair and style it faster than I could ever do.  I wish she could style my hair every morning!Check out Dry Bar for an amazing blowout!  Its not a bad deal for $35 (wash, blowout and style).  I would use them again for another special occasion!  Thanks for giving me amazing hair for my birthday!
5	I just got a blow job....and it rocked. Yes. That's what I just said.I'm in marketing and a lover of all things branded well. If I were a boutique shop - I'd want to be the drybar. Amazing on all levels...this place is cute down to the little matchboxes which hold ponies and the custom lamp made of blowdryers and edison bulbs. The graphic design, web design, colors, interior - everything was comfortable and perfect. They even have little iphone docking stations by each "station"...serve mimosas (hello!)...and I could glance up and read subtitles on girly movies while also reading Cosmo. Doesn't get more fancy than that.Not to mention, I felt safe that they weren't going to fry my EXTREMELY thick and VERY curly hair because they obviously know what they're doing. Come on...it's what they do...ALL...DAY....LONG.However, it's like a trendy NY restaurant. The place is hoppin' - it felt almost impossible to get in. Called first thing on a Saturday for an appointment (the phone number is a appointment booking number not the actual store) but they gave me the tip to call back every 30 minutes and somehow I called and the 4th time miraculously got an appointment without having to bribe the hostess.Can't wait to rock my look for a very special girls night out tonight. As a backup, I attempted to make an appointment at another claimed "drybar" place in Arcadia and it was a horrid experience just trying to make an appointment. I can only imagine what my blowout would have looked like.I bought a package of 6 - so I'll definitely be back for 5 more when I need to switch up the curly hair for some sleek sophistication.
4	Blow out bars take note. This is how it's done.The space is ultra engaging--a fun experience overall aside from the quality of the blowout. The staff are professional from the point of making a reservation all the way through checkout (and a followup).I was offered a variety of drinks upon arrival and checked in quite promptly. A stylist greeted me, introduced herself, all standard fare. She sat me down to discuss what I wanted, we went through a book of styles together, discussed some modifications and I felt fully confident about her (Zoey) knowledge before I even got the shampoo.Once the blow out started, Zoey told me exactly how she was going to proceed, made just enough small talk and asked me how I liked what she doing as she went along. She used several products before the blow out and the style is STILL going after nights of sleeping on it.At checkout, I was offered a savings menu without being pressured at all into it. DryBar features style and substance. This place is a hike for me and in the end, I'll land there several times.Love.
5	What a great concept!!I was able to make and confirm my appointment right on their website..so handy and convenient.I tend to be angry every year around the time of my company xmas party; I tend to just want a style, without having to wait eons at my salon.I decided to give Drybar a try. I went with the Cosmo-not disappointed.My wait was a bit long..the hostess explained Saturdays are definitely their busy day-to give them a try on a weekday for a less harried experience.I was given a wonderful scalp massage while I waited, and my stylist was super friendly. Love the beverage service, and there are even Ipod docks at each station if you wanted to use that.The space is so feminine without going overboard on the decor.There was also a nice little tray of goodies at the counter, which is a nice touch.
5	Ah, I love Drybar!!! First off, they are all super friendly and accommodating. I walked in 30 minutes early and was just expecting to wait--nope--they fit me right in. Not snobby at all. I made my appointment for 8:00pm via their super intuitive and easy-to-use mobile site as I was perusing Ulta before heading out for the weekend. My stylist (Jessica) was great. She was friendly but not too talkative to the point where it's annoying or awkward. All the clients' hair in neighboring chairs looked fabulous too.  I was offered drinks a few times and really wanted to try their white blossom cranberry cosmo but was driving home so didn't want to take any chances; I'm kind of paranoid about that stuff. The atmosphere is so girly and happy: lots of butter yellows and white. The shampoo was so relaxing and I didn't even upgrade to the massage. They had a few flat panel televisions with Christmas movies playing (on mute but with captions) which was great and lots of magazines and great music. I will definitely be back. I'm already on the wait list for New Year's. This is THE place to go when you need your hair quickly done. Unlike salons, which often close really early on the weekends, Drybar is open until 9:00pm Friday and Saturday! So convenient!!! And all of this for $35.00?!! Saved me two hours of work with mediocre results. Thanks Drybar :)
5	Amazing! Just had my second blowout and it is fabulous! I was about 10 minutes late and felt SO bad because 1.) it's rude and 2.) when I'm late it messes up all the other appointments for the stylist(s). The staff were so kind and did not make a big deal about it at all (and it was New Year's Eve which has been booked since Thanksgiving). That is true customer service. Also, even though I was late the stylist did not rush my hair. She certainly worked fast but I didn't feel like my style was going to be subpar or less than perfect. And it wasn't---it looks great. True customer service and exceptional work. I may have tried Drybar once before but now I'm a longterm client. I plan to use Drybar anytime I need to feel a little extra pretty and special.
4	Great customer service! I was slightly annoyed that I made an appointment and had to wait. But the friendly staff made me quickly forget I had been waiting around. The hair wash was relaxing and the blow out looked awesome. Better than anything I could do at home, that's for sure! I guess I signed up for a head massage that I didn't get. I honestly didn't notice because the wash was so relaxing. They felt so horrible they gave me a gift certificate to take home with me for my next appointment. I will definitely be back. They make it so easy to feel glamorous!
4	Went to this place for the first time last Friday with my sister.  We called around 7pm and were able to make an appointment for 7:30.  As soon as we walked in the receptionist greeted us and was super friendly.  Immediately we were offered a complimentary beverage which included champagne, wine, mimosas or water.  Yum!  Definitely one huge highlight of this salon!  The blow out took about 40 min including wash and blow out.  The wash includes a wonderful little scalp massage, which I understand can be extended to ten minutes for $10, but the little massage that you get along with the regular wash is just great!  My sis has super short, curly hair and her blow out lasted for five full days and looked absolutely amazing!  I have medium length wavy hair and chose the "cosmopolitan" which is loose, flowy curls and it lasted 3 days.  Usually when I blow out my own hair it lasts five days looking just fine and then the last day is ponytail day.  (i know some people might be thinking it's gross or weird that i don't wash my hair very often but hey, that's me) So the only reason I think it lasts longer when I do it myself is because I blow it out straight w/o any curl.  Still, I was very pleased with the results and will definitely be back,  for the sleek look rather than any curl tho.  It's well worth the price, super friendly and attentive staff, yummy drinks, good girly movies playing, and sure beats having to do my own hair!
5	Larissa is amazing! I got so many complements on my updo the entire night! Thank you!!
5	I decided to try this place because I had a Groupon. Blowouts for me are hit and miss since I have kind of tricky hair. I must say, my stylist did a fabulous job! Best blowout I've ever had. My hair was full and bouncy 3 days later! The whole experience was relaxing (great scalp massage!) and I felt very pampered. Great customer service too from the moment I walked in until I left. I loved the beverage service when I was greeted too. Very classy. Phenomenal place. I will definitely return!
2	I was told Drybar gave a better and more long-lasting blowout than Primp and Blow (a blow dry competitor) and so I booked an appt there at 11am before an important event (from 12-3pm). My blow out did not even last through the event. It looked terrible in photos. Having tried both places, I would recommend Primp and Blow over Drybar. Waste of money.
5	I came here with a Groupon for the first time with some of my girlfriends.  We received a blow out, a scalp massage, and a glass of champagne.  I have to admit I absolutely LOVED the way my hair looked.  We had so much fun and wanted to parade around town all night.  hahaMy hair is thick, long, and curly so it can be hard to manage.  It was so nice having someone else working on my hair while I got to relax. My hair held the larger curls in all night.  The girl (I can't remember her name) was so nice and easy to talk to.  The location is perfect to go out afterwards as there are many bars/restaurants in the area to hang out.  I highly recommend this place for a fun girls day or just to have a different style on your own!
5	I have been to Drybar a handful of times over the last few months and am totally hooked.  I have a very thick, wavy hair and to have someone else wash and style it is such a treat.  Each time I have been to Drybar, the salon is running on time and each stylist I have had has been as wonderful as the next.Great atmosphere, comfortable, pampering, and to come out looking amazing each time - can't be beat.  Everyone deserves to treat themselves to this very reasonable $35 indulgence.
2	Bah! I really wanted to love this place. The lady who did my hair was excellent. Just fantastic. She did such a wonderful job on my hair that even three days ago, I am sexy still! Now, here is why I am giving this place a WHOPPING two stars. First off, they use an answering machine service. Their google places address was wrong. When I called, they have no phones in the actual location only a call center who had no idea how to direct me to the location. Took 15 minutes to get into my actual appointment. When I taked to the manager/owner, she called me a liar even when I was showing her the google pin on google places myself, with the "directions" on my phone. She blamed the problem on me? I was asked for a tip several times after I had left one with the lady who had done my hair (over the suggested tip). I noticed the manager was offering wine to ladies who were dressed up with make-up on and water to everyone who was younger, or dressed down. This is not a great way to get business!
4	I like it here.  The design is great and they're very into creating an "experience."  $35 for a wash, dry, style and mimosa seems like a good deal to me! I sometimes think the hairstyle book they give you (to select a look) is a problem because it hampers creativity.  Walking around the Kierland shops, you can certainly tell who has been to Drybar!  Because there are so many stylists, it is a bit hit or miss... but I've never been UNHAPPY, just had some styles hold longer than others.
2	Okay, I have been to DryBar on multiple occassions and have been pleased once, maybe twice, but it wasn't horrible.  Unfortunately, the day of my wedding was horrible.  My fault that I didn't go in for a practice run, BUT I was assured by their ANSWERING SERVICE that I would get "one of their best," because that's who they send out.  The lady that came to our hotel room to do our (my mom and me) hair was rude and not talented.  She barely spoke and when she did it was defensive and not from a place of yes.  When a bridesmaid (who went to DryBar to get her hair done and wasn't satisfied) agreed with me that my hair style should be fixed, the stylist looked at her phone and said,"well, what time is it?" as she argued with us that she couldn't do anything else with my hair because it's fine.  We were like "we don't care what time it is, it's my wedding, and I will pay you whatever it takes to get my hair looking the way I want it."  My mom hated her hair, took pictures to send to DryBar and then fixed it herself.  The problem with getting a quick solution is that they have an answering service which makes problem solving an issue, especially when you have limited time and makes scheduling a large group complicated.  Again, I've been happy once or twice, they have a few good stylists and a lot of very mediocre ones.  I think I'll try some of the other blowdry bars in town.
3	Writing an update on this review. I didn't have the best experience but because the manager came online on yelp and apologized personally I am changing my review for updated customer service, I appreciate the effort.
4	There are way too many great things I could say about Drybar at the Scottsdale Quarter.The salon is a breath of fresh air that will make you feel like a princess (or prince, since guys are, of course, welcome, too.) The salon specializes in blowouts-that's simply it. For $35, get one of five different styles, from the stick-straight Manhattan to the volume-heavy Southern Comfort. The cutest little look-book "menu" give you a great idea of each style, and they're all freaking cute. I got the Cosmopolitan, with loose curls, while my pal Molly opted for the Straight Up, which had a little bit of bounce.The atmosphere we got our hair done in was so precious. The salon features a bright yellow color scheme with accents of black and white, and all the stylists' wardrobes fit right in. There were also pictures of pretty iconic ladies on the walls and lots of mirrors to check out your style in. It's sort of difficult not to smile in a place that looks like sunshine, and Drybar certainly does.First, we had our hair shampooed and conditioned. For an extra $10, you can add on a 10-minute head massage (called a Floater), which I highly recommend because it's so worth the splurge.Then, we picked out our styles and received complimentary drinks-there is champagne, white wine and more. The salon also features an a la carte menu of snacks, plus an array of magazines to read, so there is really nothing else you need.I also loved the pop music that played-walking into a salon playing Lady Gaga was wonderful. The stylists were amazing and really kind, and Drybar also offers killer membership deals with no strings attached that just save you a lot of money. Ask about them. I can't wait to go back...let me know if you need a buddy to go with you!
5	I stopped by Drybar again last Friday afternoon as a walk-in and they fit me right in! I couldn't believe it. I had tried calling to make an appointment but like others have said it goes to a call center and I waited 5+ minutes before hanging up twice. (I was browsing at Sephora next door and couldn't really sit on hold in the middle of the store). This place is truly amazing. They have the right price point ($35+tip), do awesome work, and truly pamper you. It's hard to process just the value you get for the money. I had my friend from Manhattan with me and she was totally impressed. Kristen did my hair and it looked fabulous for my night out at Sandbar.I actually stopped keeping track of who has done my hair since it always looks fantastic -- and I ask for a mix between the Cosmo and the Mai-Tai.And it feels like I'm at a spa. It's actually the one place I can truly zone out and relax. I just sit there watching whatever fun movie they have playing (it's usually a chick-flick) while the stylist makes my hair look like a Victoria's Secret model. If you happen to get your hair blown out a lot you really should buy a "bartab" --- it's much cheaper. Like $70/month for 2 blow outs or $125/month for 4 blow outs. I already spend a lot on my beauty routine so I can't afford to do this but I would in a heartbeat if I was willing to give up my Christian Dior mascara :) This place is fun, relaxing, and worth WAY more than they charge. So thanks Drybar for making your services truly affordable. I've been here 4 or 5 times and it's a must in my routine when I want to feel extra sexy and glamorous. So grateful a place like this exists. Now, there are imitators like Primp and Blow (not kidding on the name) -- and I won't go there just because it feels like they ripped off the idea from Drybar and that bothers me. Go to Drybar, you will love every minute of your experience.
4	Drybar caught my eye while shopping at Scottsdale Quarter. It's beautifully branded & straight to the point - blowouts & blowouts only for $35. I made an appointment via their iPhone app which is pretty slick. I was greeted right away & asked what kind of beverage I'd like; champagne was on the menu so champagne it was.I was brought back for a quick consultation about what style I wanted. Since I have a short bob I didn't necessarily see anything that appealed to me/would work with my length, so I just asked for my hair to be round brushed under with some volume on top. Shampoo was good & for not paying any extra, I thought I got a great massage.My entire appointment was just around 40 minutes. Overall, I was very pleased with the level of customer service & the woman who did my hair was incredibly personable. I think $35 + tip is reasonable & competitive. I went home & went over it a little with a flatiron. It looked good for 2 days but didn't have to wash it for 4; so that in itself is worth it. The next time I stop in I will definitely buy a bartab & treat myself to a good hair day every couple of weeks!
1	I wish I could rate this place higher but my blow out is terrible. I asked for a blowdry with lots of volume and curl. It seemed that the cross between the mai-tai and cosmo would be perfect. My hair is flatter than what I walked in with. My hair is curly naturally so has decent volume, but for some reason its flat! Also the stylist pulled my hair alot while blow dryng and apologized for hurting me which I appreciated, but have never experienced with a blowdry before. I don't think I'll be coming back, sad since I love the concept and the salon is lovely.Update: They offered me a make up blow out. I decided to try the place out again, thinking it was a fluke that my blowdry was so awful. Mistake! Not only was my second blowdry here mediocre, I ended up paying for the service. I wrote to their manager who had offered the complimentary blowdry, but no response.
5	I love this place!! Such a cool concept, no haircuts just blow outs! I love the ambience who doesn't love the clean look of a white, grey and yellow theme?!? I bought a groupon so it was well worth the $22 paid! I not only got a blow out, I got a deep condition treatment as well with a wash too! The blow out was so cute I got the cosmo maithai mix so pretty!! My hair was shinny and had so much volume. It was my first blow out and I loved it, theres something about someone doing your hair, thats amazing right ladies?!? I wish I could blowout my own hair! Free cookies and mimosas while you get your hair done as well, yay! I'm a fan! I loved their gift card saying on it was "money to blow" how cute?!? I had ashley she was good and really nice! They even had envelopes to put the cash tip in I love it!! I will be back, and take my mom!  At $35 it's a nice way to pamper yourself, it's just getting your gel nails manicure done! PS you can book appointments online and your iphone :)
3	Went here once before and loved it. Stylist was super sweet and attentive, hair looked awesome and lasted all night, and I was a happy girl. My second visit? Not so much. I hesitated to write this because I really, really hate writing bad reviews and am paranoid about it ("Leave a 3-star review for us? Come back and we'll spit in your hair! HA!") but I can't ignore my disappointment in the service after this visit.First, on a positive note, this place is adorable. Bright, welcoming, and fun, I feel pretty comfortable here, sipping on some delish flavored water or a complementary drink while watching some chick flick on the screen in front of me. Love the atmosphere. I had no problem getting an appointment on short notice, which was a huge relief because it was a VERY important day for me, and my hair needed to be perfect. I didn't want to spend two hours stressing out about it at home, just to have it fall flat in 30 minutes. Yes, I'm that hair-challenged.I don't know if my stylist was having a bad morning or if she just decided she didn't feel like doing the customer service part of her job, but I immediately got the notion that blow-drying my hair was the last thing she wanted to do. She sat me down and asked what style I wanted. I said I wasn't totally sure and that I needed something business appropriate - hint, hint, this is a big day for me, I need ideas!  Help me out! "So, loose waves, then?" she asked, which - from my experiences at a few blow dry bars - usually means, "I can't be bothered to discuss this further, so let's go with my standby style." Umm, sure, I guess.And that's where our communication pretty much ended. She led me back, washed my hair, and then aggressively styled it, only speaking to upsell me their service packages or ask if I minded product in my hair. Very awkward and unfriendly. If she had asked or seemed interested, maybe some conversation would have made the whole thing go faster, and she would have known my hair is a difficult texture and doesn't hold curl well at ALL. So she wouldn't have had to ask, "Do you want some hairspray?" Yea, you're gonna need half the can.She finally finished, and it looked decent when all was said and done, but kind of messy and unpolished - not what I was going for (not that she would know). It did calm down a little, but it also started to fall flat in an hour; pretty unimpressive for $35 plus tip. She gave me a half-hearted "Have a nice day," turned and walked away.As I checked out, the bubbly receptionist was incredibly nice and attentive, no complaints there. In fact, she talked to me more in two minutes than my stylist did in 40, asking what the occasion was and wishing me good luck before I left. I really appreciated it after the lackluster service I'd just received. Maybe I'll get lucky on a third visit... I'm willing to give you another try, drybar.
2	Drybar I really wanted to like you.  As a matter of fact I wanted to love you but that just didn't happen.  The concept and the salon itself is great, that part I loved.  I have a hot date tonight so figured I'd finally use my Groupon and get my hair did and look all good tonight.  They were pretty booked so the latest appointment I could get was at 1230, which is no fault of theirs.  I knew it would be a while before my dinner plans tonight so I purposely asked for the Cosmo and asked her to leave the curls tight knowing they would loosen up as the day went on.  When I left I wasn't thrilled with the blowout but went on my way hoping it would fall into place in time.  I left Drybar around 2 and at 630 I just had to curl my hair myself because about 3/4 of it was either straight or close to being straight and I looked a hot mess.  Part of the Groupon was some sort of conditioning treatment which I'm really not sure what that was.  I know she washed my haired and then sprayed something in my hair that I'm assuming was the conditioning treatment?  Maybe the treatment made my hair too soft to hold the curls? But I assure you it doesn't really feel much different than any home treatment I've done.  My hair actually stays better when I do it myself at home but I really wanted to pamper myself tonight.  Because I got a deal with Groupon I might go back and give it one more shot but if I paid the full price of $55 I would not be a happy gal.
4	Such a great concept they combine my two favorite things about a trip to the salon, a shampoo and style!  It's nearly impossible for me to style my hair this effortlessly at home so when I saw the Groupon I had to buy it.  I went and had my blowout done yesterday morning and after sleeping on it, some of the curls on one side are sort of droopy but all I had to do was pick through my hair and it still looks great!  I've gotten so many compliments at work today about it :)  I would definitely come back again
4	What can I say that it hasn't been said already.  The concept is awesome.  Just blow outs.  The place is really nice and everyone was friendly. I had a Groupon, I made my reservation, it was pretty easy, unfortunately for me, when I tried to change the date to a Saturday, they were totally booked, so I kept my appointment for Friday.  I was having date night Saturday, but my hair held up really well.  Kristen did a really good job.  I am a little bit particular how people blow out my hair.  When I don't see I round natural bristle brush I get a little nervous that it is not going to look shiny and smooth.  Well, it was very shiny and smooth at the end of the job, and it stayed in great shape for a couple of days, it probably would have lasted longer, but I had to workout.  I agree with Gaby, it is an indulgence that can get a little pricey.  I will definitely use them for a special occasion.
5	In good old fashioned Chicago, I can't say with all the new innovative businesses, that we don't have a single salon dedicated to just blow outs.  Disappointing.  One of my friends recently wrote about her experience at a Dry Bar in a different state and I was oh-so-envious to not be able to partake in this pampering.  So when the opportunity arose on a short trip to our Second Home, I took advantage of the Dry Bar's Scottsdale location.  From reviews, they had opened about 6 months prior and appointments were difficult.  With ease, I was able to make (AND CHANGE) my appointment several times online, with confirmation emails to my account. My long thick coarse hair needed some lovin' and I'm on vacation so I'll leave it to the hands of someone else for a change.  A day of beauty and relaxation, I was on a mission. With Starbucks iced latte in hand, I was set to go. But, I will say that unless you are familiar with the area, finding this Dry Bar was particularly difficult.  Its located in the Scottsdale Quarter shopping area, and there are spots to park in, or you can park in the garage.  Best way to enter is going east on either Butherus or Greenway Hayden.  Upon entering, you check in at the small receptionist area.  A stylist meets you, and walks to your station where they discuss what type of hair look you are wanting to achieve.  Then she walks you back for a shampoo. I treated myself to a Floater, which is a scalp massage for an extra $10.  No way was I skimping on this experience 2000 miles away. Elizabeth said she was fairly new to the salon, but had been doing hair for awhile.  Her scalp massage was blissful. What I expected to be about an hour long experience ended up being longer. I'm sure the factors of me having to stop to make a few short phone calls and my LONG THICK hair came into play.  I'm not complaining at all.  But because it was a slow day, I don't know how the salon would make up for this on a day when it was fully booked.  Sucks for the girl who's directly after me!Just like my friend noted, I could have done without the ratting to give my thick hair some volume.  Blow outs are supposed to give the volume on their own.  I would normally thing ratting is reserved for people with thin hair.  I'd definitely go back, and try out a few stylists until I find one with the right fit for my hair texture.  The receptionist was helpful with giving me a few names so I could see who would work best for me on a follow up trip.
3	I think the Drybar concept is fantastic, the price is right, the pampering is excellent, and so many of the girls I saw come in and get their hair done left looking fantastic! My experience was not entirely positive. The receptionists at the front who book appointments aren't totally aware of the amount of time appointments take and book the schedule better. I took the time to make a special trip to the salon to show a picture of what I wanted so I could get an accurate time estimate. I was told 45 minutes. My appointment, which I arrived 20 minutes early for, started 10 minutes late and went 45 minutes longer than I was told it would take. I came in (for my first time) to get my hair done for my engagement picture session and I was left frantically running around trying to make up for that 45 minutes.Additionally, my hair also didn't "fall" the way the stylist told me it would and I ended up with shirley-temple-esque ringlets for my pictures instead of the loose curls I requested. Of course, if that extra time I thought was going to be there had actually been there, I think it would have been fixable with a slightly warm flat iron.I will say that other girls left with beautiful hair. I still think this could be a great place. My biggest recommendation is to book your appointment assuming it'll take way longer than they say.
1	Let me just say I was warned about the mediocre hair styles, but my own experience solely with customer service guarantee's that I'll never try again.Convenient - yesPrices - reasonableCustomer service - HORRIDI called to make an appointment, same day (the latest one available) at 6:15. **First off just know when you're calling, you're not getting the salon you're getting some call center that makes appointments for you.** SO, I knew I wouldn't make it there til about 6:25 because of my class schedule, so I decided to pop by and let them know I'd be a little late.  The receptionists reaction, was almost like "how dare you", and told me they closed promptly at 7 since they need the full 45 minutes.  My response to this was "so you just put down all styling tools and leave at 7?" ... no.  She informed me that she couldn't CHANGE the time of the appointment, but she'll put a note in letting the stylist know.A few hours go by and I get a call from the salon.  "Hi this is [soandso] and I see that you can't make it here til 6:30, so did you want to reschedule?"  No I want a style tonight for a reason, you dumb broad... and again reiterated my question of them just stopping what they're doing at 7 at the same time my mind is racking at why is this SUCHHHHH a big deal??? The phone call lasted about 3 minutes of me asking a question and her just repeating that they close at 7. Was a talking to a robot??I was pissed, so I canceled and hung up.My overall impression is that a fiery hair dragon comes at 7:01PM and if anyone is still working it will breathe fire destroying everything in site and that's scary.
1	I think that the service here is HORRIBLE. They messed up my reservation and were not accommodating in the slightest. I will NEVER go back here and I am going to suggest that you do not either. There are other places in town that do the exact same thing that are one million times better. Note to owners, know who you are hiring! If you hire young women with no customer service skills you will have a struggling business at some point. I gave this one star because the first time I tried this place, I thought that specific stylist did a good job. But the people running the front desk are rude, incompetent and do not understand the phrase "customers are always right", or how to be helpful in anyway.
5	I get my hair blown out often, and this is the best blow out bar in the city.  I especially like Gillian, as my hair still looks the same after 3+ days.  I have gone to all of the other establishments and no longer go where the next groupon is, I pay the $35 for DryBar in Scottsdale.
2	Eh wasn't amazing
5	I visited Drybar today for the first time and left a (wanna-be) regular. Heather was my stylist and helped me decide on a Cosmo-tai...lots of loose, large curls and volume for my normally straight hair. By the time her work was done she turned me around and I went straight to hair heaven! It was seriously the hair I've dreamed of having. My husband commented it was the best my hair has ever looked and my friends were also in awe. Drybar offers memberships which I would gladly purchase if it weren't for the fact that I'm moving to Denver in two weeks. Sadly, there are no locations there but I'll be back to this location whenever I'm in town!
5	I've been to 4 different Drybars, and this one was BY FAR the best. I believe my stylist name was Jessica, or Jessie? She has short brown hair and a little piercing above her lip. Very sweet, and did the most amazing sex kittenish, 60's, amazing beautiful blowout. She made my thin hair look thick and amazing!!! Unfortunately, I've had one of the worst blowouts at another location. But I wanted to give this one props. Every girl in there looked gorgeous. Best Drybar, definitely!
5	i went to the drybar at the scottsdale quarter today for a blow-out,___''and boy was it'' my master of ceremonies was a boy(man) genius! shane was the man with the plan.   5 snaps and a sugar chocolate doughnut!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
5	My first time at drybar today. I had Brittany she was so nice and did a super job on my hair. I got the cosmopolitan hairstyle and I look HOT!! Couldn't have asked for better and I will definitely be a weekly regular now. :)
2	went to Drybar at SDale Qtr today for the first time. Ive been to other locations but never this one. The woman that did my hair clearly did not understand curly hair. I told her that i wanted a blowout but nothing super straight.. no flat iron except for my bangs and hairline (where i tend to have frizz). I was in a seat without a mirror and when she was finished she spun me around to the mirror behind me and my bangs looked like something out of Fraggle Rock.  I asked her to please go over them again with the flat iron but there was no saving them. Then she told me that i have a cowlick and maybe should do what she does and wax the frizzy pieces around my hairline off. Ummm.. no. when i left i was only slightly bugged but as my hair cooled down it got worse and worse. before i made it to work, within 25 minutes of the blowout, my hair was in a ponytail and my bangs pinned back. Their "philosophy" is to do one thing and do it better than anyone else. Well, if the one thing is blowouts, i can assure you that i can do a better job on my own and i have not been to beauty school. I find it bothersome that the stylist and staff just let me leave, obviously unhappy, with my hair in the state that it was. I will continue to go to the Camelback location but i will not return to this one. $45.00 with tip is too much to spend on a blowout that ends up in a ponytail within an hour.
4	I come here weekly. I have had some not-so-great styles that fall flat after only 2 hours and some amazing styles that have lasted up to 4 days. Now, every time I book I request the stylists that have done a really great job. What's great is that if the requested stylists are not available that day, they call me letting me know ahead of time and tell me they will put me with another stylist that is similar. Wow - great customer service! Another convenience they offer is booking online or using their mobile app to book appointments. Nice, not having to call! I usually pre-plan and book all my appointments way in advance. I find that if I tend to wait a day or two before making the appointment, there are not many time slots available.A few of their stylists I've had when I first started going here were really rough on my head and ripping through my fine, wet hair with brushes. Hello - breakage! Ugh! So I just put a note on my online appointments to be gentle with my hair. Now whenever I get a new stylist, they are very careful and gentle. I still see other stylists aggressively ripping through other customer's hair and just cringe! Another thing I've noticed with a couple stylists is they skip the floater (10 minute head massage) that I had booked with my blowout. This is annoying because you get 2 floaters/month with your membership so if they skip the floater on your 4th appointment that month, it won't roll over to the next month, so you lose out. Boo! If you book a floater confirm with your stylist that you booked a floater before you are taken to the shampoo bowl.The majority of the girls at the front desk are really nice and accommodating, making sure to offer a drink when I arrive. A few even remember my name and greet me as soon as I walk in with "Hello Kristen!" Wow - I feel special! But there's a couple that could learn a thing or two about customer service from their fellow co-workers. It's not hard to offer a drink to someone while they wait for their stylist. When I come in for my appointment and tell you "hi, I'm Kristen with a 1'oclock" Please don't rudely ask "And your LAST name?" Really? You have that many Kristen's with a 1'oclock? Pshh.Overall I'm really pleased with this location and the stylists. I feel like the stylists really do want to make you happy by giving you the exact look you've requested, and they know that if you are happy about your hair, you'll leave a nice tip. Great to watch all the ladies prancing out the doorway with their beautiful new hair, a smile on their face & full of confidence! I will be keeping my membership!
5	I enjoyed my blowout on the morning of my birthday, and it was indulgent!  My blowout experience began with the hostess offering me a beverage, and when I heard I could select a mimosa from the selections, I was giddy!  The mimosa was promptly delivered in a beautifully stemmed, happy yellow colored cocktail glass.  I thought I'd have to pay extra for this little slice of heaven, but much to my surprise, it was included in the measly $35 blowout price tag.  What a fun little addition!Next in my experience, came the greeting and introduction of my stylist.  She was friendly and engaged. I was asked to sit in my chair and she consulted with me on exactly what I wanted in an end product.  I changed my mind once during the consultation, and my stylist made suggestions that I hadn't thought of, which ultimately enhanced the look of the final blowout. The final decision was a blowout cocktail of the Mai Tai/Cosmo styles.We then set off for the actual blowout which began with a heavenly shampoo.  I say heavenly because not only was I given a little stool to rest my feet on, but I also received a very brief but awesome head massage.  The short little massage was completely unexpected but oh, so good.  The final blowout result took around 45-60 minutes and the unveiling of my final look made me grin like a fool.  I looked into the mirror and saw a goddess, thanks to the expertise of my stylist.  I couldn't believe how lush and feminine my hair looked.  It had beautifully placed waves and smelled like a mix of spring flowers and men's cologne (in a good way).  I honestly wish I could do this every week.  As I sit here, two days later typing this review, although not as full, I still have soft wavy hair to enjoy.  When I say I wish I could do this every week, I mostly say it because there isn't a Drybar close to home.  I live in Peoria, AZ and the 40 minute drive to Scottsdale, AZ would be too much every week.  Overall, this was a 5 star experience, and I'll happily return on another special occasion for another superbly done blowout.
4	Was really excited to go here with my mom to get my hair done and hers' for my high school graduation at the end of May. A friend had gone here last year for her gradation and hers' looked amazing which made me definitely want to try this place out. I have researched the place a lot before making a decision and was very excited to go. Sadly when I tried to book an appointment for early during the morning of and before my graduation they were all booked up for times. I wish they had more opening because it really did ruin my mood so I did not be able to experience with "Dry Bar" hair experience I was hoping to.
4	So this was my first time getting any kind of blow out, I had to know what the big deal was. They had a great Groupon offer, and I  needed profile photos taken for my site, so I scheduled online, which was a breeze. Very cute place, loved the theme and decor, the receptionist greeted me right away and was friendly. After just a few minutes of waiting my stylist person got me and took me back to get my hair washed. There wasn't much of a scalp massage, which I was looking forward to, and she asked me if I wanted the deep conditioner mask. Thinking they were trying to upsell me, I declined. Later I realized it was included in my Groupon, and I wish I had known that.The stylist did a good job helping me decide which style to get, and explained the products and what she was doing. Overall it went well, the blow dryer was a little hot sometimes but I told her and she turned it down. My hair is long so it took a good hour. Afterwards my hair looked and smelled amazing! It lasted the whole day, and looked great in my photos :) And even the next day, it still had some good texture and volume. I definitely recommend this place, and will probably go again next time I want a sweet blow out or updo. At the very least, looove their products and bought some to try at home :)
3	This is a fun place to come with your girlfriends and enjoy a complimentary drink and some pampering. The only bummer is it's totally inconsistent. I've come here before and liked my hair when I left, and other times I went home and recurled it myself because it fell totally flat. I don't think I would pay full price for a blowout here...maybe a groupon.
4	I tried Dry bar for the first time this weekend to get my unruly, frizzy hair look respectable for a friend's baby shower. (Hey, the only single girl at the party needs to look smashing, right?) I was impressed from the get go. It is super easy to book an appointment online (in fact would not recommend calling as the call gets routed to a call centre instead of the store and long wait times)Once i arrived, I was greeted by a friendly front desk, had yummy cookies and a refreshing cucumber water. The decor of the place is very stylish and unique. My stylist was very helpful and gave me a perfect wash, conditioner (a tiny head massage thrown in which felt great) and good blow dry. I got great compliments from friends later, so obviously did something right. I just wish my hair looked like that everyday. I know $35 is the standard price everywhere, still I wish it was a little cheaper so I could come in more often. Will certainly be back whenever there is another major event.
4	My first time at dry bar yesterday was quite enjoyable and relaxing. I was greeted by two lovely ladies with welcoming smiles willing to get me over to my hair stylist quickly. My hair stylist, Dominique, was great -- very sweet, chatty (seeing how I'm a chatterbox myself, I like that), knowledgeable and friendly. She started of by showing me the look book to see how I wanted my hair done, which was great being able to show what I wanted rather than explaining and then someone having a hay day with my hair doing what they think I want. I was amazed by how she was able to add big volumptuous curls in my hair with a blow dryer and hairbrush (guess that's where they get the name "dry bar" from, lol). Then for added curls, she went over them with the coolest curling iron that spun. (Not sure how to explain that, you just need to try it for yourself). Then she teased my hair to gimme extra volume -- hey, go big or go home, right?! All in all, I was happy with my experience; felt pampered while drinking refreshing cucumber-infused water. The only thing that I was a bit disappointed on is that my curls didn't last very long -- I had to redo some by the time I got home. Now this perhaps was partially due to the rainy weather and humidity but I'm sure the issue could've been avoided with some extra product or hair spray or something (hairstylists usually have tricks up their sleeve to keep hair fabulous for days on end). So, that being said, I will be back cuz it's an amazing experience, and my hair looked awesome -- I just wish Dry Bar would give out "rain checks" for the once-in-a-blue-moon times that it rains in Arizona and screws up hairdos... Just sayin'!
1	I was part of a large party, over 20 of us had our hair done that day. I decided to get a tiny up do. I just wanted a simple pony tail with a little poof and my clip in extensions snapped to my pony tail. So the stylist told me that she doesn't want to blow dry my hair because it's easier to do the updo this way. I was fine with it because I said she's a stylist and knows what she's doing. I go to pay up front and it comes out to $80!! She didn't even blow out my hair she just did a pony tail and clipped my extensions in! I told the receptionist "that I thought $80 was way to much for a pony tail and NO BLOW OUT"  said said well it took our stylist 1hr.. I  was so disappointed I could have did it better at home and saved $80 plus a $10 tipI was a really loyal customer to dry bar and so were my family and friends. What a turn off when you feel like your being takin advantage of. I will make sure to tell all my close ones to be careful they don't rip you off!
4	Only reason I didn't give it five stars is that it is hit or miss depending on who you get. I have found 2 ladies here that I love, the whole experience is very relaxing and pampering. As long as I can get in with one of the girls that I know are good than its worth it cause the blow out lasts for a few days and ladies who doesn't feel better after a blow out?
4	I was very pleased with my style for my wedding. Dominique did a great job of mimicking the photo i showed her!My only complaint was that it cost $80, when my hair is a mix between a short bob and a pixie.When i was first booking the appointment I asked for a blowout with some curls. and maybe some pins to secure them in place. And i was told, because pins may be used it could be an extra $10. Fine, I was ok with $50. But $80? No way. not for how short my hair is. She didn't even wash my hair. She lightly wet it and blow-dried it.Having worked at a blowdry bar myself, I know the employes make hourly, not commission. So, its not like the overpriced "updo" would have went to her anyway. She makes 8/10 an hr. And thats about all it took to do my hair. 70min. I could have tipped her more if the style wasnt so over priced. Accommodations should be made for ladies with short hair.Anyway, aside from the cost situation, I was thrilled with my style, and it lasted all night!
3	One thing that I really liked about this salon before I went was that they stated all blow outs and styles were the same price, regardless of hair type. I have thick, long hair, so this was great! I started out getting a great shampoo and blow out that took a while. I had asked for the hairstyle with a ton of curls. When my stylist got to the style part of the service-- it was almost as if she ran out of time. She put a few curls in my hair and they looked loose. I told her I had an event in 3 hours that I need my curls to stay for. She assured me they would. After a few more curls, she said I was done. My hair was nowhere near done, but an hour was up. Now, my hair did look good, but not what I was hoping for or what I had asked for. My hair normally holds curl really well but the curls were gone within 2 hours. The stylist was very nice but I'm not sure I would be back if I had an important event I was counting on a certain look for.
4	I had an awesome experience at Drybar in Newport but was disappointed in my blow out at Scottsdale. After leaving the Drybar I realized that my hair was still damp at the roots. It looked fine but the volume fell quickly because my roots hadn't been properly styled. I have extremely thick, long hair and am used to blowouts taking an hour or more and was surprised when my stylist was done in about 40 minutes. I also feel like she didn't use enough product. My stylist was sweet enough but I feel like maybe she didn't have the right experience for my hair. I'll use Drybar again but will probably call to schedule to make sure I'm assigned a stylist with the right experience. $40 is not bad for a blowout, but it should last longer than 12 hours.
5	Best blow out I've gotten from a dry bar yet! I've been to Phoenix, Westlake Village and Pasadena locations also but this one was easily the best experience I've ever had. Got my hair done for my engagement photos. My hair turned out just how I wanted and my ends weren't crispy! Will definitely be visiting this location again!
4	First... Beautiful. Great location at Scottsdale Quarter. Clean. The most comfortable shampoo chairs I have ever sat in! Ashlee did a great job on my hair. She ask me what I wanted and gave me just that:) I have went home from other places and re- done my hair, but not this time. Thanks Ashlee.
1	Well I wasn't going to write a review bashing the business because I know a lot of times one horrible experience shouldn't dictate the company as a whole. The customer service is by far the worst I've ever experienced in my life. After leaving messages with two different customer service representatives with them both saying someone from the salon will call me back the same day (and no one ever did), answering their survey stating my disappointment, AND even emailing the owner, Alli (she says she reads all of her emails), no one ever got back to me.To make a long story short, I had a very important occasion that  I needed my hair done for with a LOT of pictures involved. I stated that I wanted the "Southern Comfort" with volume and curls. I thought it looked a little messy at the salon (there are no mirrors while they are actually doing your hair, you just see one from a  few feet away once they are finished) but I figured I'd get a better look at home. After I got back home and took a good look at my hair it looked like I just rolled out of bed. The girl at the salon teased my hair but didn't brush it out at all so you could see frizz and the teased sections peeking through all over the top of my head. She curled it also and by the time I got home it was completely flat. Needless to say I was pretty shocked. All I ever expect out of a style is something that looks better than I could have done at home, that was definitely not the case here. By the time I brushed out the teased sections of my hair, reteased my hair and recurled it it looked way better, but at this point the product buildup made it look greasy,.  I had high hopes for this place even thinking that I could come here with my bridal party to get our hair done for my wedding. I would never give this place another try and I would suggest that if anyone comes here they request a senior stylist because maybe the girl I had was new. Don't come here for an important occasion either, maybe just for a night out if you don't feel like doing your own hair- it seems to be a hit or miss based on other reviews.
1	Oops, I think I deleted the review I wrote about my experience with Drybar. Here it is!1.0 star rating  3/27/2014  Well I wasn't going to write a review bashing the business because I know a lot of times one horrible experience shouldn't dictate the company as a whole. The customer service is by far the worst I've ever experienced in my life. After leaving messages with two different customer service representatives with them both saying someone from the salon will call me back the same day (and no one ever did), answering their survey stating my disappointment, AND even emailing the owner, Alli (she says she reads all of her emails), no one ever got back to me.To make a long story short, I had a very important occasion that  I needed my hair done for with a LOT of pictures involved. I stated that I wanted the "Southern Comfort" with volume and curls. I thought it looked a little messy at the salon (there are no mirrors while they are actually doing your hair, you just see one from a  few feet away once they are finished) but I figured I'd get a better look at home. After I got back home and took a good look at my hair it looked like I just rolled out of bed. The girl at the salon teased my hair but didn't brush it out at all so you could see frizz and the teased sections peeking through all over the top of my head. She curled it also and by the time I got home it was completely flat. Needless to say I was pretty shocked. All I ever expect out of a style is something that looks better than I could have done at home, that was definitely not the case here. By the time I brushed out the teased sections of my hair, reteased my hair and recurled it it looked way better, but at this point the product buildup made it look greasy,.  I had high hopes for this place even thinking that I could come here with my bridal party to get our hair done for my wedding. I would never give this place another try and I would suggest that if anyone comes here they request a senior stylist because maybe the girl I had was new. Don't come here for an important occasion either, maybe just for a night out if you don't feel like doing your own hair- it seems to be a hit or miss based on other reviews.   Comment from alli w. of Drybar 3/28/2014     " Hide  Dear Anonymous,Thank you for the review and for brining this to my attention. I'm very sorry that your stylist didn't do a stellar job and that your Southern Comfort hairstyle did not hold. Also, please accept my sincere apologies for somehow missing your email. Frankly, I am so embarrassed that we fell short here and haven't addressed your experience and I truly cannot apologize enough for that. You should not have to call us more than once to get your issue addressed. If you wouldn't mind, I would love for you to contact us again at alli.webb@thedrybar.com and we will have someone contact you ASAP.Sincerely,Alli Webb
4	I'm in biz, beauty business that is, and I'm partial to the amazing blowdrys my students give me at TONI&GUY. But, I was in town on vacation and thought why not see what all the buzz is about?  What I got was an amazing blowout that lasted me 6 days - yep SIX DAYS!!!  It even looked fab after the redeye and a full day of work.  Things that I loved:*movies playing*magazines*the right amount of chatter from my stylist*the finished look*the longevity of the workThings I missed:*champagne (apparently they don't have the right license in AZ)*an amazing scalp massage - I guess this was an up charge, but it wasn't even offered to me. If a location was closer to my home, this could really mean trouble. I see how ladies get addicted!
1	NEVER ON A SUNDAYI am running my hands through my burned and broken hair - not to mentioned repeatedly burned scalp - and I am embarrassed to say, not the first time.  In fact each time I have gone on a Sunday I have been tortured!!!  when the client repeatedly says OUCH and the stylist repeatedly says Oh Sorry - someone should be paying attention   if the newbies are on Sunday, then a manager should be supervising - I am lucky I have a lot of hair - but I am pissed off I paid for this, AGAIN!UPDATE:  Since writing this review, the management have been very apologetic about my experience and are clearly concerned about quality.  They want the best for their clients, so if anything is not to your liking, I say speak up immediately.  An error that I made by remaining silent.
3	This place is just okay. I get blow drys once a week, but not close to where I live. So, I've wanted to try this place for a while as it is conveniently  located for me. Everyone was very courteous and friendly, including my stylist. However, I could tell that he was not confident about doing my hair. I have thick, coarse, hair (which I noted when I made the appointment). The shampoo was very lackluster, no way my hair was clean after, he was very tentative, felt like he was trying to be overly gentle. I also did not feel that my hair was thoughouly rinsed. The blow dry was good, except that after I could feel that a couple sections of my roots were still damp. Flat iron was fine. Overall, high marks for the friendless of the staff and atmosphere, which accounts for the 3 stars instead of 2. However  stylists' basic technical skills need some work.
5	Absolutely LOVE this dry bar location. Ive known Amy for years....what a great group of stylists, and what an amazing location.  I get blow outs here a couple times a week. And it honestly does not matter who I see---every stylist is amazing.  Courteous, professional, kind, and knowledgable....5 STARS!!!  Thank you drybar for your excellent service!!  xo Heidi  Heidi Boutique Scottsdale, AZ
2	Great environment, people are super nice.  I am rating this a 2 because I went there to get my hair done for my Vegas trip later that afternoon.  My stylist, Jillian, was very personable.  I think so much so that she spent A LOT of time talking, even had to stop blow drying my hair to finish a conversation even though I could easily hear her over the blow dryer.  I think her blowdrying skills are lacking, she is trying to make up for it in personality.  At the end of it, I had Shirley Temple curls (she barely put any hair spray in it), and said that my hair would become the loose curls that I wanted by the time I went out in Vegas (which would be 4 hours later).  Not only were they loose, but my hair was SO FLAT.  It looked terrible.  Luckily I brought my curling wand and re-did my hair.  This is the second time I've been to Drybar, and even though I found a good deal through Groupon, I think I'm done with this place.
5	What girl doesn't love being pampered and feeling confident and beautiful? I know I do... Which is really simply why I LOVE Drybar. Weather it be a special occasion, a lazy hair day or just a special treat to myself, I know that I will always leave the drybar with an amazing blowout/style that will last throughout the evening but It won't set me back an arm and a leg ($40.00)!
4	This is a place my husband wishes didn't exist because it's close to my house and I come here often; too often as he claims! I've been going to this location since it opened  at the Quarter, which is my favorite place to shop and I have a great experience when I am there. The person at the front desk is friendly and always asks me if they can get me anything, which I love as a few front desk  associates at other establishments at the Quarter are super un friendly and can just ruin the experience. I love the style of the place; its very girly and feminine in a classy way and I love the chick flicks that play in the background and the stylists are always friendly and ask me good questions while not talking to me too much because after a long time I sometimes don't want to talk.  I love the price as well and even though they raised their prices it wasn't too much where it turned me off though I will say that some chairs can't see the movies very well and where did the champagne and mimosas go? I know from talking to others that is sorely missed. Great for girly alone time or with a sister or friend though don't forget to make a reservation as they're always packed.
4	I always have a good blow out, but I booked them for my wedding and tried an Updo. I don't think that is their strength. I tried 2 different stylists and then opted for a blowout down look for the wedding. The salon was very nice and accommodating trying to get the trials right. Will always go back for blow outs, nothing more.
4	Friendly and great service! They normally do an awesome job. Love how they play movies!
5	I love love love dry bar. I have tried other places that are similar, but nothing comes close. Most everyone at this location has been fantastic, minus one or two rare subpar experiences. (If you ever have less than fantastic results, be sure to let the front desk know. It has seems to me they will do their best to make it right.) Their app is also fantastic for easy booking and changing appointments or cancellations. My weekly treat, and love the free wifi -- I get a lot of work done in the chair!
