5	Mica is a godsend. If you need light bulbs, fuse wire or a screwdriver you can get them here without the tiresome trip to a B+Q shed. If I need an unusual light bulb, I always just take the broken one up and the staff work out the replacement for me. They stock a good range of paint and decorating equipment. They have special offers on electrical gadgets and garden furniture.In the summer they have a nice selection of plants.
4	Having already visited the Home Hardware store in Morningside, I was expecting to find more of the same at their sister store in Portobello.  I was pleasantly surprised to see that this store offers much of the same and more.Firstly, this place is very large.  I just about managed to fit it all into the photo!  It covers everything that you could possibly need for your home.  There's paint, DIY equipment, plants, home accessories and furnishings and more besides.  They also provide a delivery service, meaning that there's no need to trek out to a B&Q or Homebase, when a place as big as this is probably just on your doorstep.Honestly, I was impressed with this place.  It crams in a lot of stuff, and will succeed in dragging people away from the big chains to something more local.  These people are definitely getting it right in my opinion.
5	The business is part of the Mica group, a group that assists independent hardware stores to survive buy allowing independent stores to buy items together so that it costs them less and therefore costs you less and allows them to be able to compete with the maket giants that are B&Q and Homebase.The store itself is pretty big, but nothing that can compete with Homebase and B&Q.They do a great range of DIY tools and their prices seemed pretty reasonable. The family who have been running the business have done so since the 1960s, so you are sure that you will be able to get some good advice from knowledgeable staff, something that the bigger franchises sometimes aren't able to provide. Not only does the store provide DIY tools, but there is a small garden centre that sells composts, soil, shrubs and flowers and they also offer a facility to cut keys. This is definitely a place to check out for its range of products and to help experienced local traders in your area.
