5	Best topless show on the strip. This is a new show in a smaller venue. My wife and I have seen all of the topless shows on the strop and this by far is the best. This show is very sexy and very couples friendly. It has about six topless professionally trained dancers as well as two men ( for the ladies ). All of the sets are set to music and the show is loosely based off of the book 50 shades of gray. We will definitely see it again next time we are in Vegas.
3	It wasn't too bad but nothing to be wowed about either. It's inside the New York New York Casino and the venue is pretty small and cozy. Most of the dancers are girls and you have two male strippers + 1 male singer and semi-host.My favorite girls are Dina and Jessica ;). Some parts are slow and you might be like wtf a few times, but nothing that will make you wanna walk out of the show. Some of the scenes might be a bit ridiculous and sometimes I'm just not sure where to look, LOL. But you get the idea ;). Topless shows just aren't my thing apparently :b.It's inspired by Fifty Shades so there is a bondage scene but nothing like Fifty Shades.  But you get the idea.I haven't seen all the topless shows so I'm not really sure how to compare this to the other lady topless shows. I've only seen the male ones so far.P.S. There's a bar inside the theater. The usher girls are dressed in sleep wear/robe.
1	Is this seriously a Vegas show? How?! I really hated it. Like REALLY hated it. I have never wanted to walk out of a show before, but I was seriously contemplating it here. I should say that I am a straight, married female and not a strip club person, but I don't have a problem seeing a tasteful topless performance, either....so if you're a strip club person (well, you should probably just go to a strip club then), you might like it...but if you're looking for an actual show or performance with talent, go elsewhere. I had seen Zumanity, the topless Cirque show, and loved it (which is also in NY NY hotel). This couldn't be further from that. It's basically just a peep show, but the girls try to be dancers. I felt so bad for them because it was so obvious how very hard they were trying, but they truly lacked the effortless talent you find in other Vegas shows. It is evident that they struggle to do their routines and it's not fun to watch (unless you're a dude just looking for the boobs...but if that's the case, just go to a strip club!). The choreography is so terrible and embarrassingly cheesy...I've seen high school dance teams with better choreography than this show. No one in the audience seemed to be in to it, either. No real cheering or anything...the show just reeks of desperation and B list performers who don't have the talent to be real dancers.As for rumors I've heard that this show is based on the 50 Shades of Grey book... I have no idea, I don't read romance novels and I'm not sure what the book is about...but I am willing to bet that it has absolutely nothing to do with the book, as the various scenes of this show were all completely random, had no story line, flow, or any theme remotely tying one scene to another (other than boobs). So in my opinion, the similarity in the title is a marketing ploy to enhance sales to a terrible show.
1	The show that the first poster, Brent R., saw was probably not the same show that I saw. The theater was small and cozy,so it didn't matter where you sat, you'll have a good view of the stage. There is a bar inside the theater, that's a plus for customers who likes a cocktail while watching the show.  It's advertising poster calls it "the most beautiful topless show in Vegas."  I wish I could have read the reviews before I wasted my money. There was nothing spectacular about the show. I can tell that the girls were trying so hard to be dancers which they are not, as well as the singer?  The singer was trying so hard to get a reaction from the crowd but couldn't get none.  The show was not fluid, and there was no continuity. Scenes shifts without something to link them. My wife and I wanted to leave but we thought it would be rude to do so. the audience of about 200 people did not warm up to the performers. There was no clapping nor cheering from the audience. The only person clapping was the bartender. Two couples got up in the middle of the show and walked out. Please, don't waste your money. I wouldn't have paid over $20 with that kind of performance.
3	Really deserves 3.5 stars. The pros were obviously seeing the good, looking topless girls.The cons were that two of the acts didn't really make sense, particularly when two males were singing on stage for certain periods of times with no topless girls around. Another con was that there were 3 minutes when the audio person jacked up the bass to extreme high levels. I wonder why someone would do that in such a small theater which could damage the viewers' hearing...
4	My wife and i really enjoyed this show. All the girls are in incredible shape and gorgeous. Probably the best looking cast ive seen. I read the reviews and cant believe this show doesnt have more stars. Heres the logic, if you dont enjoy topless shows, just dont go to one. I was sitting first row with my wife so i didnt have a problem with the view. They should be in a bigger theater. My wife and i favorite is Jess. She must be the most passionate dancer ive ever seen. My wife read the book and this has nothing to do with it. But anyway, i didnt come to this show because of a book. I will definetly come see this show again.
4	Sexy and very tasteful!
1	Wow.......that was terrible!  Prior to going to the show, I checked out the reviews.  I told my companions it looked like we were in for a lackluster evening.  I explained what the reviews indicated, but then I said something along the lines of, "let's be real, we're going there to see boobs; how could they really mess that up?'  Well, believe me, they found a way to mess it up! I've never seen a group of people try so incredibly hard to be sexy and fail so miserably at it!  Really, the production was so ridiculous we found ourselves laughing out loud several times.  The cheesy emcee singing guy was especially ludicrous and comical.  The show is a joke.
4	Shades of Temptation is a good show. Don't go see it expecting to have your mind blown. The expectation needs to be that your in Vegas, being entertained by topless performers, and are going to have a fun night.The theater is small and the seating is all on one level. I was lucky to have a few shorter ladies sitting in front of me. I was in the fourth row center and had an excellent view. Warning - if a tall guy wearing a hat sits in front of you, your view will be obstructed. The girls were all very attractive with natural breasts. The male singer had a decent, voice, nothing special. Music and lighting was good.Go see this show if you enjoy any other Vegas adult review shows like Fantasy, Crazy Girls, and X Burlesque
4	Got tickets using the half price booth, which ended up probably being about 40% off in the end. Paid about six bucks extra for 'premium' seats which was third row, I'd guess they had about 20 rows so that was probably worth it. However, the stage is pretty elevated so its probably a decent view even in the back of the room. There are six girls and three guys that make up the act. The venue is actually reasonably nice. While there's plenty of strip teases and nudity (including the crowd pleasing go completely nude but strategically position to avoid any issues) there was also singing and other numbers that went beyond the 'strip club to show' fare. Most of the crowd was couples and I think this is a reasonably couple/female friendly show too. Lasting just over an hour in length at roughly half price its a good show at 10:30pm before a night out on town.
5	I bought this show from cross the street of NYNY half price booth. for 47 dollars. It was pretty good price. then i read about the bad reviews, which made my expectation drop to the bottom of the basement. I really enjoyed the show after all. the theater was really small. the lighting was good. all the dancers are good looking and sexy. the dance were entertaining. the sound was great. the singer was cheesy i kinda hated him but he didn't bother me that much because he only had two three songs. after all it was a great show for the price. I don't mind going back there agian.
