5	Excellent eco-friendly food market with fairly-traded, local, natural, seasonal and organic produce. Helpful staff too.
5	Highly recommended for all sorts of fresh produce as well as a good deli range. Lots of organic, fair trade and local goods, inclucing freshly foraged foodstuffs too! plus drinks, chocolates, sauces, preserves, fish, meat and veg - plenty of choice - and a nice range of quality cookbooks, to help with making upo a meal. An on site cafe for a bite to eat, home delivery service available, and great staff inc. one as a regular TV appearence! makes this one of the best food markets around.
4	I am definitely a foodie.  The main way to my heart is via my stomach.  A good meal does a great deal for me.  And for any meal, you will need great ingredients.  One option for this is Earthy Food Market, situated on Ratcliffe Terrace in Newington.  This is like a organic farmers' market, but situated in an actual building.Earthy Foods are going against the grain of the supermarkets by trying to provide a comprehensive range of healthy, organic and locally-produced food and goods.  Wondering into the upstairs food area, your eyes will be drawn in by all the food on offer.  The knowledge that it hasn't travelled for thousands of miles to make it to the shop makes it that bit more appealing.  I particularly enjoyed perusing the meat section, but then I do love my meat!Also on the premises is the 'yum' cafe, which provides a selection of Fairtrade and organic food and drink.  I really like what they are doing here - it's great to see a place like this trying to break the mould, and succeeding with the support of a number of customers from the local area.I would love it if Earthy expanded into other premises across the city.  They've definitely got a good thing going on there!
4	This really is foodie heaven for both shopping to cook at home but also to eat in.The vegetables and fruit are fresh as they come and it is this produce that makes the delicious soups, salads and sandwiches they have in the cafe. You can also peruse a selection of recipe books which will inspire you to get cooking with all the hundreds of tasty products on sale in the shop. Anywhere else I would say it was cynical marketing but having met the owners and many of the staff it's clear that they are just really passionate about good quality food and want you to enjoy it too. As well as food they also have a wide range of organic and natural toiletries and household products. Outside they have on sale plants and flowers that brighten up what would otherwise be some decking in a parking lot! So if it's nice enough to sit outside you should- it's great escapism from the city despite being next to a main road.
4	Foodie+Earthy=HappyActually I don't even really know what a "foodie" is, but apparently they would (and do) really like this place.I actually can't believe I have never heard of Earthy before! It's a terrible name but a wonderful place. I only discovered it while Yelp scouting. It's not at all far from the centre of town and big too, so it's a surprise its not as well known. Basically Earthy is a garden centre crossed with an organic grocers crossed with a cafe (called Yum). It sells small plotted pants, hanging baskets and herbs, most of which are displayed outside. When you enter Foodie you find a small room to your left which is known as the "quiet room" where you can sit as long as you shut up. This room can also be booked for your own nefarious (quiet) purposes. Up a flight of nice wooden stairs you come to the main part of Earthy, a busy little market place style grocers selling all sorts of locally sourced fruit and veg, as well as Scottish dairy and meats. It's also a sort of delicatessen too!As you might expect, Earthy can get  a bit pricey. Given its location its definitely marketed toward the eco-friendly middle class who can afford its organic produce, which unfortunately, remains a privilege.Unsurprisingly this is also a great place to get your hands on high quality fair trade food like fairtraide fruit that has never touched the ground, 110% cocoa chocolate and coffee that has been specially sealed from creation to never witness sadness.As mentioned above, Earthy also houses its own cafe "Yum at Earthy Food Market". Watch out for a separate review on that one (heads up: its good!).
5	If you love Edinburgh's weekly farmer's market, you'll equally love Earthy Foods and Goods. Especially if you're staying, or live, in South Side. Actually, if you live in South Side, it'd be a crime not to know of this place's existence. A lot of the produce you'll find at the farmer's market is available here. Even though this food store, market garden and cafe is just off a main road, visiting feels like a bit of escapism. You walk through a winding garden path, into the main building and up some steps to get to the shop. It's beautifully laid out space that also houses a deli and some seating. I brought my parents here for lunch a while ago and had some incredible pumpkin-filled ravioli with red and yellow baby tomatoes. The food is as fresh as it gets and full of flavour. I'd recommend going just for the experience of wandering through. It's a feast for the eyes.
4	I went there today to check out the shop..since the last time I was there they have now got a cafe. Had an absolutely gorgeous earl grey tea. Sat at a big wooden table and browsed the numerous cook books they have there.
4	Like my fellow Yelpers, I love my food and if you want to make a delicious masterpiece, then you really can't scrimp on the quality. Quality is top on the list at the Earthy Food Market and everything is fresh, and chemical free ensuring that as well as cooking up something tasty, it will also be healthy too. Unfortunately, being healthy comes at a price and the fruit and veg' here is a bit of a mark up on your Tesco's own range but it does taste 10 times better so something it's worth it, especially if you're cooking a special meal.In addition to food they also stock cosmetics, soaps and other everyday items all organic, of course.
5	"You are now 20 steps away from Foodie Heaven." As the chalk board at the bottom of the stairs so cheekily but rightly claims (see the photo I uploaded) this place is Foodie Heaven with a capital F and H. And as a true-sworn foodie, I don't say that lightly.The food here tastes like REAL food. You can taste every ingredient, all of which are top quality. Everything on offer sounds too tempting and it's all just sooo gooooood. It's also all organic, locally sourced, and therefore healthier, and all that other good, green stuff so it's basically top notch, good-for-you goodness. What more could you ask for?I came here for brunch and opted for the bacon roll. Plain you might say, but I had plans to order more food later so this was saving room. The roll was beautifully soft, the bacon crispy and flavourful. My friend had a mix of all the veggies on offer that included roasted sweet potato, brocolli (which she claims was the best brocolli EVER), salad and cous cous. Not much more to say except DELICIOUS.After two cups of tea and lots of chat later, we then ordered a home-made sausage roll to share. "Sausage roll" sadly immediately makes me think of Greggs and their greasy, fatty and tasteless offerings. But cast that image from your mind and replace it with a sausage roll the size of your face, oven baked and golden brown, stuffed full of real sausage meat, mustard, oregano and served with a side of chickpeas in a delicious red pesto dressing. The result was 5 minutes of near-silence and glazed eyes as my friends and I had lunch (brunch round 2 if you will) and long drawn out "oooohhhhmygod"s. Earthy, my tastebuds thank you.I was actually sad I didn't have room for the: plum sponge, pecan pie, bacon and french toast with maple syrup, and porridge with apple and plum compote. I wanted it all.I also spent a large majority of my time looking at all the amazing food, teas, and produce for sale in the shop. The deli cafe is up the stairs, at the back of the store so you (rather cleverly) need to walk past all the food in the shop to get to the cafe. They stock every type of organic brand, home-made, locally sourced Scottish produce you can think of, and there is a huge selection. Most organic or local-Scottish produce stores are quite small, but Earthy is really quite huge, the staff are all really friendly and know what they're talking about from the range of cheeses to the pickles and jams.This is probably too long-winded a review but Earthy deserves these extra pixels. Earthy is now my favourite place for Sunday brunch, Wednesday lunch, anytime coffee and cake. FACT.
3	I'm knocking down the stars by two wholly because of the customer service. The food here is exceptional, without a doubt, and wonderful for coffee and cake time, brunch time, lunch time. But would service with a smile really kill them?It's pricey, and slightly out of the way, so is always a 'treat' to come here. The past three times I've come, two seperate members of staff have given me the stare of "why are you disturbing me from cooking?" when I've asked to place an order, and literally haven't smiled once in the whole ordering, delivery, and paying process. The first time I let it go, but it's becoming consistent enough now to actually put me off going. It really did make my almond croissant taste a little more bitter.
4	Since my previous review, Earthy have in fact been in touch to apologise for the slightly off-service I've experienced. I have to say this level of customer service and focus on feedback definitely warms me to them again. The food has always been great, the only thing I was a bit put-off by was unfriendly service but since that has now been actively remedied I am once again a full-on Earthy fan. I haven't actually been back since they've been in touch, but I will update again for my return visit.Other cafes take note, this is how to keep customers coming back!
5	And I'm back on board! I've written a few reviews of Earthy and always been glowing in my praise of the food. At times I found certain staff to be a little cold, and had one or two bad occasions. Especially when the girl actually forgot my order directly after taking it, despite that I was the only customer. Um, anyway. Also, they could do with making it warmer (somehow) inside as I've had to eat my soup with coat and scarf still on a few times.Buuuuttt butbutbut I really just can't get past how great the food is. Seriously. I have been out of action recently with a sore leg and haven't been able to walk longer than 2 minutes at a time. But when a friend came for lunch I walked to Earthy, despite the injury and subsequent pain. It's that good.The menu changes daily, as do the sandwich and salad options. But I always go for the salad platter. How do they get the aubergines so soft? And the sweet potato so...amazing? It's just the wonderful combination of fresh vegetables, organically grown, with little touches like Nigella seeds or pumpkin and walnut flourishes to make the salad really memorable. And I could eat a whole vat of the chickpeas.But the still-warm icing on the cake was, in fact, the maramalde cake. Despite being full from my salad platter I gave into temptation and had the first slice of a freshly baked maramalde cake. And good lord that slice was big. Door stop big. And good lord that cake was good. I originally cut it in half to take half home for later, but then ate it all. Perfect with a cup of the Artisan coffee too.Ok I'm going on and on. But as far as cake experiences go, it was the best one I've had in 2011 so far. Seriously. I get so disappointed when I go out for cake and tea and it's a non-descript affair that could be duplicated anywhere. Not at Earthy. This is a one-off gem that I would gladly limp to time and time again. I am in food-love.
3	This is the sort of place I would like to love but there's something I can't quite connect with.Great stock of organic food, nice atmosphere, cafe if you want it, friendly staff ... maybe it's the prices that put me off???
4	Nice, environmentally friendly, cafe, market, food establishment.  Can be a little on the pricey side, but good quality.
3	I like Earthy... more than I would like to admit.  I like that they have locally grown fruit and veg, tasty breads, cool flours, and loads of other funky things (like whole tubes of black pudding!) that I like to buy.  It also has a parking lot which is ironic, but very convenient.  They also have a good selection of local and organic beers and wines which always catch my eye when we pass.  I absolutely indulge my inner hippy here and The Man and I had a giggle last time we were here because we were wellied out and on our way to bag up horse manure for the garden.  I also got excited about being able to refill my Ecover here.  Ecover is expensive but doesn't wreck my skin like Fairy does, so we buy it.  I was keen on the idea of refilling our bottle for cheaper than it costs to buy a new one, except.... except that it's more expensive to refill your bottle at Earthy than it is to buy a new one at Tesco.  How does that work?  Stars also lost because about 1/3 of the onions we bought there had to be thrown out due to being pretty badly rotted.  I realise they're all natural and organic but if you're going to pay that much for onions, you really don't want to throw a bunch of them out.So I like Earthy and, if for no other reason, I'll totally keep coming here to buy lots of Stornoway black pudding, tasty breads, tasty flours, etc.  I'll stick to Tesco for my Ecover and onions, though.
4	Brilliant place. Love the layout. I've been going for years. One can have a wee meal whilst shopping. An believe me it is so easy to stop shopping and tuck into the food on offer. Especially after seeing it on shelves and coolers. I then want a meal made with all the ingredients on sale. The staff are devine and helpful and most of all give me space to just look and browse. All the wood and lovely smells make it a lovely place to walk around in. Such a variety of prices, so even when I only have a bob or two I can still indulge. Thankyou Earthy!!!
5	Earthy seems to be the perfect blend of healthy, hip, cool, laid back, socially conscious eating and shopping.  They have 3 locations; been to 2: Cannonmills and Causewayside (other is in Portobello).  The Cannonmills site is closer and  has a small but well stocked shop of fresh organic fruit and veg, packaged good and my favourite new food of the year - IQ Chocolate (made in Stirling).   It also has a casual dining area with amazing salads and lovely brunch.  I have only just discovered Earthy Causewayside and it is an absolute treasure!!  Its a bit out of the way (for me) but that means they were able to get a bigger building with parking and outside space.  The downstairs is the cafe but this is counter service only - and no evenings.  The salads are varied, healthy, delicious and inspiring - I would love to recreate the sweet potato salad at home!  And I had the creamiest richest Chai latte (for some reason they add a shot of coffee - but they warn you of this and can request it to be coffee free - which I do).  The whole upstairs is the shop.  It is a joy to wander around - with beautifully presented  fruit and veg, a great selection of organic packaged goods - many of which are locally produced (such as the aforementioned IQ chocolate...).  The most amazing part has to be the outdoor eating in the rear - only open in the summer.  It appears that when they took over the building the yard was a dumping ground.  Well instead of sending it all to the skip - it has been recycled and reinvented into tables, seating areas, planting vessels - you name it - they created it!  The seating has been divided into private little havens - which can be reserved!!  All in all a visit to Earthy Causewayside is a little adventure - discovering quirky spaces and delectable treats to eat in and take away.
4	I really enjoy this market! They have a great selection of organic, local food and the service is fantastic!
