1	To put it simply, don't bother.I was really looking forward to a yummy smoothie, and with a name like Mixstirs I was anticipating a quality product. Or at least an edible one.The place smells of stale grease and the lights are creepily low, assumedly in an attempt to cover the general cruddiness of the atmosphere. The staff seemed annoyed that there was a line of folks wanting to order, and frankly, I was a little surprised at the amount of people here. Given the smell alone, I'm certain that I won't be ordering food here. I finally got my smoothie 10 minutes later, as it was clearly an afterthought. I can only hope that they made it wrong, because if this is what they are charging $5+ for, we've got bigger issues. It's missing the banana berry flavor I was expecting, and tastes a oddly like powered whipped cream, which I don't even think is a thing.They seem to have free Internet/computers (no wifi) for customers, and the place is lively for a work day at 1:30, which are both positive, but I'm sitting in front of the very drafty front window looking for a new smoothie fix.I won't be back.
3	Decided to give this place a shot today at lunch time.  They server soups, salads and sandwiches (rollups not bread).  They had 10 soups to choose from including chicken noodle, beef noodle, lobster bisque, broccoli cheese, red pepper, artichoke and several others I can't remember.  I had the lobster bisque and it was OK not great but not bad. I also ordered the Oriental Chicken Salad.  It was nothing great (I like Panera's better).  My big complaint was that the oranges tasted like vinegar (too old).  They offered to make me a new salad. I just took them off and they brought me a cup of newer oranges.  Service was quick.  Prices are a little high.  $10.83 (I'm looking at my receipt :)   for the salad, cup of soup and small pop.  Surprising that they give you a 12 oz cup and to get refills you have to wait in line since only the order taker/cashier will get it for you.  Restaurant has a few small tables but most people take the food to go.
4	If these reviews were based solely on the food, I'd give this place 3 stars. Everything I have had there has been good. Nothing special, but better than a chain. And you can tell they really try to keep a versatile menu, it just kinda tastes like something you could make at home. Of course, the reason I often end up going there is because I'm too lazy to make anything at home. The prices are okay. Higher on some items than they should be, lower on others, so choose wisely and you'll never feel ripped off.The reason this place gets 4 stars is the atmosphere. The staff is great. During slow times, they'll chat you up and joke around. In peak traffic, they stay cheerful and helpful. It is also one of those few locations in downtown where you can actually sit at a table and get work done. That alone would keep me coming back.If I could change one thing, and this may seems trifling but I think it's important, I would get rid of the styrofoam cups. They aren't doing anyone any favors, least of all the planet.
4	Mixstirs is somewhere I've been multiple times, especially in the summertime. I love that you can get a half of a panini for $3.95. There's plenty of food options and they're always efficient and friendly. There smoothies are like any other smoothie joint. Very tasty, made right in front of you with natural ingredients. I was drawn in today by the Pumpkin smoothie. They had a list of what's in it and everything sounded so good. I held the whip cream though, not a fan. I've never heard of a pumpkin smoothie before but I'm a fan of all things pumpkin and it failed to disappoint me. It was simply amazing. It's always busy at lunchtime downtime and is staff handles all of us with care, and super fast. I love this place for that, the variety of the menu and today's pumpkin smoothie. If you work downtown please go there for a cheap, delicious lunch.
