4	Self-serve frozen yogurt with an extra smile when they have the tasty "rootbeer float" flavor. Fresh fruit and sweet toppings for those that like them, but I've enjoyed the yogurt in original simplicity. About a dozen flavors at a time, so the only trouble is limiting your choice.  Worth a visit once a week or so to see the new flavor offerings. By the way, I understand this location used to be "Cherry on Top," another frozen treat shop. New name is a play on 'frozen (frio) just the way I want it (mio)." Tucked into a mall by Traffic Jam and Wildflower Bakery (restaurants) and Hi-Health.
5	Absolutely delish!! So many different flavors of yogurt to choose from and a plethora of toppings. Can't live without it!!
2	The place is tidy & clean, and the yogurt is so-so (the 2 flavors I picked were tasty, but not totally frozen - a bit watery).  I agree with Bill F.  - was put off by the fact that the price per ounce is NOT posted anywhere, and to my surprise, had to pay $6 for a cup of yogurt that would have cost $4 at other places.  Probably not going back... will seek out a less expensive spot for my sweet tooth fix!
4	The grandparents wanted to take the twins for "ice cream" after lunch at Wildflower.  We were glad to see they had a Fro-Yo place less than 50 feet away.  The place is very clean and bright.  The flavors were very good.  I ended up giving the twins the Marshmallow one with some oreo crumbles.  I had a bit of it too.  It was very good.  This could become a staple after Wildflower.
4	I have come to accept that self-serve frozen yogurt is the new model, but I still despise most of these types of shops.  Having said that, Friomio is probably one of (if not) the best of them.  It not only has a big selection of fro-yo and toppings, but the the few I tried were quite tasty and had good texture and constancy.  Unlike most self-serve frozen yogurt shops, Friomio's yogurt isn't too soft, and doesn't start melting seconds after you put it in your bowl.I sampled the root beer float and pumpkin.  The root beer float, was perfect for what it was.  Tasted just like a root beer float.  The pumpkin was awesome.  I decided to have peanut butter cup and birthday cake.  I'm giving myself props for a great combo!The place is huge and clean.  I hate that's tucked in the section of this complex with Wildflower and Hi-Health.  Parking is such a pain in this tiny section.   They don't post their price anywhere, so get ready for possible register shock when you get ready to pay unless you ask.Friomio offers 20% if you present a receipt from any of the many nearby restaurants.  So enjoy lunch or dinner at one of those places, then stop at Friomio for dessert.  You'll be glad you did.
4	Excellent improvement over the previous ownership when it was Cherry On Top.  The new owner (Jeff) is polite & friendly.  Nice place - good selection - friendly staff.
