5	I have been going here for a long time now.  The place is clean and well maintained.  Very friendly staff. Always have what I need. The products I buy are always fresh and not stale like the stuff I have gotten at big chains retailers. I own many birds and I get things in bulk here. The dates on the packaging are always current. Good job guys!
4	Great place for chicken feed and all sorts of supplies for your ranch pets.  I came here because they are the only ones that have a treadle feeder for chickens (see my picture).  This thing prevents the squatter birds that constantly feed off our chicken feed that quickly adds up.  The chickens have to step on the front to open the feed area and they are the only birds that can get in their cage and weigh enough to open the feeder.  I have been looking for one of these for over  a year.  You can make one with the instructions on line but I cant make anything so these guys really helped me out.
5	What great customer service!  I needed to purchase straw for a pumpkin patch we were putting together for an event and I called back several times with questions and changes.  Each time, the lady on the phone (wish I had her name) was so patient and I truly appreciated that.  Their driver Chris was amazing and so kind!  I would recommend Western Ranchman to anyone!  Thank you for delivering excellent customer service!
5	One if my favorite tack stores for all of my horse supplies. Love the local family owned atmosphere. I have been going here for over 16 years and always have the same great experience. They now have a yearly customer appreciation day which is not to be missed. They hand out generous samples, have live band, raffles and really good BBQ. If you don't have horses or livestock they also carry great dog food, ones that are better quality ingredients than you would get from petsmart.
5	One of my favorite tack and feed stores. The staff here is so friendly and helpful! They always go above and beyond :)) thanks WR
5	I have been coming here for 11 years, and they are absolutely wonderful people!  Dottie and Amy are always so helpful and remember their repeat customers.  I have two horses and they have helped me over the years with problems here and there, and Radar always makes me laugh.  I feel at home when I go there.  I would recommend them to anyone!
5	Best feed store in the valley! Super helpful and super friendly! Make sure you visit the chickens and ducks.
