5	Cosmopolitan's new place to host shows! Bruno Mars will launch the grand opening act.  This place is Amazing
5	Had to privileged to be invited as a guest to attend Bruno Mars' NYE Concert.  We had 4 seats (as oppose to GA) up in the gallery and I would not have wanted it any other way.  Prior to attending the concert, there was very little info out as to what to expect.  This was going to be his second performance at the venue with the first one being only a couple of days earlier.  What I did find out from the hosts (prior to going to vegas) was that the seats were all sold out (or held onto by the casino) and the GA tickets were going for a ridiculous amount.  They all told me that the doors would open at 9pm and that a DJ would be spinning til Bruno came out.Once I got to vegas, I got a little more details from the people around.  Bruno wouldn't come out til around 10:30-11:00pm and would do a 1.5hr set.  So by the time the evening arrived, we pretty much knew what to expect.  Our room was at the Cosmo's west tower, which was directly above the theater (that was the way to go). We headed up to our room around 8:30 to preparty and already saw a line forming.  I inquired as to why there was a huge line (even in the reserved seating) and the ushered shrugged her shoulders.We rolled down at 9:30pm and found the reserved line empty with the GA still being somewhat long.  Entrance was a breeze.  A lady checked our tickets and gave us a different colored wrist band for the gallery section.  We walked past a metal detector (a joke) and had our ticket scanned again.  GA was on level 1 and reserved seats were upstairs on level two.  The upstairs is a U-shaped setup with mayb 7-8 rows of seats wrapped around.  There were also a few VIP boxes on either side of the venue.  We were in a perfect location (row 3) overlooking the crazy floor.  There were also some reserved seats in the lower level.  But honestly, not worth standing down there in GA.  There were bars set up everywhere (lobby, downstairs, and upstairs).  On top of that, we had a waitress come and take orders at our seats! Only food served was a small bag of popcorn for $12.  The usher said the capacity was about 3500 people  The temperature was perfect upstairs.  But definitely a more mellow crowd.  The DJ spun (great set) til about 10:45pm then they took down her booth and started setting up.  The wait wasn't bad (cuz we had seats) and the place didn't really start filling up til about 10:50pm.  Bruno came out at 11:10 and went til about 12:30am.  He was awesome and did mainly he hits ( a ton of them) and even did some cover.  Only downside was that the night ended too soon...
4	I saw Bruno Mars on New Year's Eve here.  Nice venue that kind of felt like a mini version of The Joint.  There were a good number of bartenders on the side of the floor so the wait wasn't long for drinks although $14 for house wine wasn't ideal.  The most significant thing about The Chelsea by far...is the floor!  It BOUNCES.  What the hell is going on???  This is kind of cool and gives the place a more festival type vibe IF they intentionally made it this way.  Otherwise, thousands of people could possibly break the floor open and end up on a craps table while pogo'ing to their favorite tune.  Inquiring minds want to know!  I literally felt like I was on a trampoline when Mars ended with "Locked Out of Heaven".
5	The Chelsea is a serious contender for one of the best theaters in Las Vegas to see a concert. Unless you're inquisitive by nature or already going to the venue, you'd never realize this place existed. Hidden upstairs away from all the hooplah, far removed from the look at me crowd on the casino floor, exists a spectacular venue to see a show.Capped at just over 3,000 occupancy within around 40,000 square feet means you will have the pleasure of enjoying the show with a small population of fans and have plenty of room to breath.  The general admission portion of the theater is quite large, taking up a very large portion of the useable audience space. The acoustics are quite good in this venue, not as good as the Pearl in my opinion but very very good. The lows will hit you right in the chest at almost all angles on the floor and the mids and highs remain tight and balanced throughout the space. At times some of the imaging of vocals became a bit muddy on the floor but I feel they would have been better on the rows right behind the main mix. The stage is wide, giving the band members freedom to let loose. A band with more subtle stage presence may be lost on a width like this, however.  The floor; everyone either loves (or hates) the floor...it flexes with the crowd movement giving way nearly a full 2" of extension. I've seen this before in nightclubs, most notably the beach front nightclub Seacrets. Don't be alarmed, I'm sure there's a safety net below should the structure fail...right. Access in and out of the venue is a very easy and pleasant experience. The staff from the checkin security to the ushers to floor security are all quite amicable; that is a welcomed change from the usual arrogance and attitudes at some other venues.  The facility is modern, clean and has easy access to clean and well provisioned restrooms. A lot of thought went into this space. As I've mentioned in my review of the Pearl, if a band you are even remotely interested in seeing is playing at the Chelsea, go; you will definitely enjoy the experience.
4	I recently went to a concert here, my first time at The Chelsea. I dug it as a concert venue. Elegant and fancy on the outside and a bit rough on the inside. I even kind of liked the bouncy wooden floor. The venue is large. Certain sections have seating, the floor was standing only for the show we attended. The sound/acoustic was good.Nice merchant booth in the lobby to buy your concert swag at. The women's bathroom had plenty of stalls so the wait in line went fast. My biggest complaint were the drinks, way over priced (13$ well) and on the weak side. I would see a show there again.
5	I think I've found my new favorite live music hall in Vegas.I went to The Cosmopolitan of Las Vegas to see Grouplove and Cage the Elephant in The NEW 3,000 capacity Chelsea concert hall (courtesy of SPYONvegas) on 1/9/14.  Opening act, Grouplove, was the best concert sound that I've heard in many years, besides them putting a great show... (http://vegasseven.com/galleries/photos-grouplove-chelsea/) ...Maybe because the sub arrays were as long the the full-range arrays (plus a short center full-range array) and/or because of a good sound person.  Gl got a better audience reaction than CtE too.  CtE was a bit harsh sounding (I'm guessing especially at around 5 kHz).  But I really like The Chelsea!  I was a little concerned about the floor bouncing a few inches when the crowed jumped up and down (which I joined in) in time with the beat of the music.  The floor's resonant frequency seemed to be around 1.6 Hz or 100 BPM.  I was worried that we might all end up in Rose. Rabbit. Lie. nightclub which is directly below The Chelsea.  But if it survived its opening on New Year's Eve weekend, it's hopefully OK.I don't know if the Cosmo planned the floor to bounce so much, but I found that there is a history of bouncy "sprung dancefloors."  Like the recently remodeled 90-year-old Ritz nightclub in Manchester, UK (they kept the bouncy-floored experience) and the Crystal Ballroom in Portland, OR.I'm looking forward to going back to The Chelsea again soon!  (Please note, this is not the old Chelsea Ballroom, which was just a big meeting room that they put a portable stage in.)
5	This place is in the running for best new venue! GA floor with seating amphitheater style and a balcony. What makes this place different then others.....I don't if anyone else noticed but e floor moves with the crowd. Meaning when people are jumping up and down so does the floor. Kinda like when you jump up and down in the elevator. I love it and think it adds it the experience. Excited for more concerts here!
3	Bruno Mars was amazing and this venue has potential. That said, when we arrived at 7:30 for an 8:00 show, the line was so far back that we said forget it and bailed... Went back at 8:30 only to have the same long, Disneyland turnstile  type line to get in. This is Vegas.... They should be able to figure this out.  Once in, the venue is good. Very stylish and hip. The waiting in line for an hour to get in the door stunk! Be prepared to stand forever. Please figure it out Cosmo!
4	We saw Daughtry here on Valentines Day. It was a small, but nice, intimate theater. Not a bad seat in the house.  However, I would probably not purchase the standing room only tickets.  The drinks were expensive but the bartenders & the security staff were very friendly. I'm a local, so I would definitely attend another concert here.
5	Here for Bruno mars show.  Great showroom.  Whether your on the GA floor or seated.  Bars everywhere.  Bruno puts on a incredible show.  All live.  No lip singing.   Worth every penny of the price you'll pay. I've see hundreds of acts but this is easily in my top ten.  I didn't even want to go but glad I did and I will be back real soon.  Non stop dancing.  You gotta see it to believe it.
5	Just saw Bruno Mars here. Be advised that if you have a general admission ticket that it's standing room only and first come first serve so line up early.The hall is really great. There's no "bad seat" around and there's bars every four feet (pricey drinks but you could guess that).The audio mixing and lights are top notch and the floor moves with you while dancing. This music hall is hip and intimate.
4	Overall a great venue! Especially that we saw Bruno Mars there!Anywhere you sit or stand the stage is of clear view! Two things I wasn't a fan of though :1) When everyone's getting into the music and they're jumping--- the whole venue bounces!!! I guess you just get the full effect of the concert but I just found it weird!2) Drink prices at the bars were up the ass!! $19 for RedBull Vodka?! -____-Other than those two things! I still had a great time!!
5	Love it..small & intimate in a way. I watched Bruno Mars here & bought GA because I wasn't sure how big the venue is. Other seats would be just the same since it's a small venue.I'll watch here again.
2	Just saw Bruno Mars 2/16/14 here and had standing room only admission.  I would have liked to have a seat but nothing was available when I purchased my tickets.  There were many vacant seats once the show finally started so who knows what the deal is there.  The doors opened at 8:00 but the show didn't start until 9:40.  That was way too long to stand.  The show was okay but I felt like it was a second rate show compared to seeing Bruno Mars at MGM last year.  He played way too many cover songs and left out most of his really good original songs.  Once the show started it was nice to be so close to the stage and the bouncing floor made it very interesting.  All in all it's a nice venue, great size, but I would recommend getting a seat as opposed to the general admission.  Once the doors opened the line moved pretty quick.  Just be prepared to stand for a long time.
4	I didn't know about the remodel and was pleasantly surprised.  Love the spring-loaded dance floor and great sound. Did not enjoy a million workers standing around looking at you from the entrance until inside.  They have to tell you where to go because there are no signs and it is confusing.
3	I just visited the (new) Chelsea for the first time the other night and so far I'm not sold.  While it seems like a vast improvement from the original (my review:  http://www.yelp.com/biz/belmont-ballroom-las-vegas?hrid=4H7YHJRjTgZ9yN9u5RvsLg), I don't think this is going to be the best venue in town.What Has Improved:-It actually looks like a venue now when you walk in, versus a boring convention ballroom.-There are bathrooms just outside of the venue.  You no longer have to walk down a long hall to get to them.-The staff appears friendlier.What Hasn't Changed:-It didn't feel hot inside for a while, but halfway through the second band it started to get uncomfortable.  And that was with the venue half full so I'd imagine it would be a lot worse for a sold out show.  Dress light and drink a lot of water.-The floor still shakes violently while people are jumping.  It's really unnerving.What Went Downhill:-The sound.  I stood in three places in the venue and the sound varied in each.  From the seats in the back/center on the first floor- the sound was good.  From the barrier on the right side just where the stage ended- it was terrible.  You could only hear bass and no vocals.  From the middle of the floor/off to the right side- the sound was much better than from the right barrier but the vocals were still a little hard to hear.  Try to stay to the center of the stage if this is important to you.-The size.  If I am remembering correctly, the original Chelsea could hold many more people than this venue.What I Can't Comment On Just Yet:-Drink prices.  I'm just going to assume they are absurd (including water).-VIP's.  At the old Chelsea, you needed a VIP ticket to get in front of everyone in General Admission.  Not sure what the policy is here.-Line waiting.  If you read my previous Chelsea experience, this was a NIGHTMARE.  Call ahead to see when you can line up if there is a band you are really excited to be up front for.I've heard a lot of people say that this place reminded them of The Joint, but I would disagree.  It has a floor space about the size of The Pearl (maybe a little bigger) and is set-up is like The House of Blues.  There is a large General Admission floor, with bars off to the sides and a few seats around the first floor and in the balcony.For now, my experience wasn't nightmare-inducing like the last Chelsea, but it still hasn't won me over.  I'm sure a few more shows will change my mind one way or another.
4	Great small venue!
4	Hoops & hops march madness weekend. This is the event we attended on march 2014. We paid for a balcony seating and paid $140. When you sit on the balcony level you get all you can drink and chips and salsa. For $8.00 a beer and $12 for mixed drinks, I think paying that fee was well worth it. If you want to just pay the general admission,  that cost is $45 for a day and you get two free drinks. On the general admission section,  there's bar tables, pool tables, a basketball court and black jack tables. Outside the event they sell hot food items such as pasta, pizza and hotdogs. Right in front of the made up food court area, they have a satellite sportbook area. This line really gets long. I think this is the only down fall here in that it's chaotic and it needs to be better. Will definitely return next year.
4	I never went to the "old" Chelsea but this new one is pretty nice. I've been to shows at most of the venues in Las Vegas and have to say this one would fall in my top five. Someone else compared this venue to The Pearl at the Palms. I'd say that's a fair comparison, although with less seating space than The Pearl. The general admission floor area reminded me of the floor area at The Joint up to the sound booth/elevated viewing areas.The thing I realize I HATE about shows at The Cosmopolitan based on two of the shows I've seen in the last year - the first was Mat & Kim last May - and last night at Empire of the Sun, is that their venues sometimes have DJs performing as the openers. The ticket for last night's show read that doors opened at 8. The DJ was already "spinning" (aka playing someone else's music and altering it slightly to justify someone giving them real money for this service) when we arrived. She played for about an hour and fifteen minutes. Afterward, her gear was struck from the stage and the crew did their obligatory sound checks for the headliner. I realize this is "Vegas, Baby!" or whatever and people want to party, but I'd rather there be no opener at all and a more honest representation of what time the band is taking the stage rather stand through a DJ who is actually annoying me more than "amping me up" for the headliner. I have three pieces of advice for the event coordinators who book the shows at Cosmo: 1.) On the ticket and/or website, tell us what time the BAND(S) will be playing in addition to the door opening time. Don't trick me into watching a DJ by stating the doors open nearly two hours before the headliner takes the stage  2.) Have bands open for bands and DJs open for DJ. This worked great for Teagan & Sara, New Order, The Hives, Yeah Yeah Yeahs and MGMT. Why do you seem to have stopped? 3.) If using glorified play-pushers (read: DJs) as openers is, for some reason, mandatory, they should NEVER receive more stage time than the headliner. DJ Jump Around and Play Mediocre Music played for about 15 minutes longer than Empire of the Sun. Last May, DJ Mike Attack (also pretty bad) was given 15-30 minutes more stage time than Mat & Kim. I don't work in entertainment but something about this seems off.And Cosmopolitan is the only place I've experienced that is guilty of this (with the exception of Black Sabbath at MGM last September, but they at least made you aware that Andrew WK was on the tour performing an awful DJ set thus giving the customer the option of whether or not to show up a little later to avoid that train wreck). I'm not sure why Cosmo thinks this DJs-before-bands thing is such a great idea. I have tickets to see Lorde and Childish Gambino, as well, and I'm not looking forward to learning who is opening for them. Seriously, Cosmo people, just let us know what time the band will be taking the stage, even with a 15 minute give-or-take. Or hire bands, although with Childish Gambino it would make a little sense to have a DJ. But not one of these who look like they cued up their Pandora Plus subscription on an iMac on a table and dressed it up with some turntables.Oh, and what's up with that trampoline floor? Can we get some reassurance about that so we can stop worrying we're all going to go crashing through to the next level like the people at that wedding in Europe somewhere? Also, how about some security in the crowd to enforce the no smoking policy and keep girls off their boyfriends' shoulders? We didn't pay to see your back. We're here for the band.Overall, it's a nice venue and COULD be awesome. Call up House of Blues or The Joint or, hell, even Hard Rock Live and see how they are so successful. And props for not having bathroom attendants! So annoying at shows!
1	Well well well, let me just start by saying that I came from Los Angeles to see Lana Del Rey on Friday April 11th and this venue/hotel is HORRIBLE at controlling crowds. The tickets said doors open at 7, so we got in line at 515pm. When they opened the ONE door, people rushed us from behind and ran to the door! Even people from way in the back of the line who had JUST gotten there ran to the front, knocking down tables to get in while us people who waited 2 hours to get a good view got assed out. Security closed the door and we were all stuck on TOP of each other it was disgusting and hot. Everyone was on top of each other and security was screaming to stop pushing stop crowding there were probably around 500+ people and they couldn't control it. It was just horrible on their part. They did it all wrong. It took them 30 minutes to get us in the venue. Needless to say I was pissed about everything. The general admission is fine (the venue itself is great for small concerts since it's small and anywhere you sit you have a great view) and there were bars on the sides charging $6 for a water bottle and $13 for a cranberry and vodka. Ridiculous. There was a Dj playing for 30 minutes, then we stood for 30 more minutes while there was a sound check. Lana came out at 9. How I WISH cosmopolitan would state there would be a Dj playing forever before the actual headliner comes out. I was so beyond annoyed. I did enjoy seeing Lana of course but not in the intimate way I thought I would. This venue needs to learn how to control crowds and be nicer. And break down what times the musicians will be coming out. Never coming here again.
2	I went to the Chelsea to see Lana Del Rey. I had General Admission tickets and have been to MANY GA venues and concerts. When I arrived at the Chelsea they first had you enter a room, somewhat of a waiting room where they had a make shift line barrier made out of tables. You had ushers checking tickets and providing wrist bands before heading to the long line. As we were waiting in line, the doors to the venue opened and literally there was a stampede of people running to the door, to the point where they climbed over each other and knocked over tables. There was little security for crowd control and the security that was there, obviously had no experience in handling these types of situations. They had half of the "waiting room" literally waiting another 1/2 hour until everyone moved back and "controlled themselves". How about asking the crowd to create one or two lines, open the doors and ensure everyone gets in, in an orderly fashion. I never experienced anything like this, even at rave concerts. However, once inside the venue wasn't that bad but the drinks were way overpriced. Despite all that drama, Lana was amazing and we had good time. My advice to the venue: Train your employees on crowd control and create a better system for your customers to enter the venue. The sooner you get people inside, the more money you will make off of your overpriced drinks. :)
4	Saw Bruno Mars with some friends on 5/23. We had GA tickets.  We arrived in line at about 6:30 and the tickets stated the doors opened at 8. The line wasn't long at all, so we were pretty pleased. Yes, it was a long time to sit/stand in line but we made the best of it...sent a few in our group to get drinks from the bar and played some Heads Up on one of our phones with other people in line. The one thing I do want to add is that as the line got longer, some of the girls we were with had to go use the restroom and security did not let them back in line where the rest of us were. They made them go to the end of the line. It wasn't a problem as when the doors opened the girls just came to where we were...but just a heads up.  So when the doors opened you have to go through metal detectors, which I wouldn't even call them that as they told me I could leave me cell phone in my pocket and my belt on and when I walked through it didn't beep. Once in, we went straight for the bar. As other yelpers have stated, drink prices are typical Vegas prices, expensive.  We then proceeded to the GA floor area. The venue is nice and intimate. We had a good spot, near the front and in the middle. The DJ who opened: a. Wasn't any good at mixing (spotify playlist would have done just fine) and b. had some technical difficulties to the point where they pulled the DJ off the stage. It was a nightmare for the DJ. Once Bruno came on everything was fine. He is a great performer and everyone was dancing the entire time. As others have stated, the floor does bounce when people are dancing and jumping around. Didn't seem to bother me or our group too much. Bruno Mars didn't play some of his good songs from his Unorthodox Jukebox album, such as Gorilla, but he did have a cool set with covers from some oldies such as Poison, This is How we Do It, Your Love. All in all, it was an awesome concert and performance at a nice, small venue. Would definitely come see another artist here again! Thank you Cosmo!
3	This is pretty nice venue. The back row seats on the bottom level are a bit far from the stage - more of a build out than build up venue. Not much to it inside the theatre itself. Sound quality seemed fine. The outer part of the venue is typical Cosmo style. There's a couple of bars with ok offerings. One the night we were here, there were girls passing out free shots when you walked in.
4	I love this venue! I read the reviews before attending the Eric Church concert but def missed the reviews about the time the show actually starts - wish we would of known exactly when he was going to perform - we could of spent more time not being in line or waiting around for the show to start.We had standing (GA) seats and I wanted a good spot so we got in line around 7:15 with doors opening at 8. We got there almost too early and came back at about 7:45. I really liked the spot we had but by the time Eric Church played (around 10:30 - he had one opener), you need to move from your spot to get more beer, go to the bathroom so it was a total hassle. People like to merge themselves in front of you while you are standing and some are super rude or drunk so they aren't paying attention. We ended up stepping back towards the bar area once the concert started so all of that waiting in line business ended up being was a waste of time - and we could of actually ate dinner haha!The venue is awesome though not a bad place in the house - I just think next time it will be easier to get seats and show up later.
4	We saw Weezer here and really love the intimacy of the venue.  For this concert, the entire first level are for the tall people who want to stand for the entire concert.  We decided to sit on the second level where there are reserved seats.  There are a total of 3 levels.We arrived a bit early so the line was short for the bar as well as the restroom.  I did step out for a second when people started to pile in and noticed some crazy long lines for merchandise as well as drinks...glad we got there a bit early.  Getting through the security was also painless, part of the benefit of a smaller venue I guess.  The garden at the MGM is a complete cluster-f.The ushers could be more helpful in that they pretty much point to the general vacinity of our seats and  hope we would figure the rest out.  After a few drinks, we saw a lot of people stumbling around, trying to remember where their seats were.Weezer was great but next time around, I would definitely spent a little bit more money to sit in the first row above the standing level.  On our way out, we noticed how much closer that 30 feet would have improved our experience.
4	Recently saw Bruno Mars here on 08/22. Supposedly the line started at 2pm even on a Friday night concert. My girlfriends and I lined up at 6pm. At around 7, the staff leads everyone into a smaller room and then the process to get in the actual venue begins around 8ish. If you have GA admission, everyone basically stampedes into the main floor as closest to the stage. There are two bars on the main floor, but are you really willing to lose your spot on the floor? Pick the smallest person in your group to grab drinks then have them make their way to you on the floor is what my girlfriends and I did. DJ Supra played for about 45 min playing hiphop/r&b 90's hits which I loved and then Bruno finally started to perform at around 9:40pm. Sadly, he only performed for about 1 hr and 10 mins (obvi not his usual concert set). He did a lot of cover songs, which I really loved and sang a few of his hits. Overall, great concert experience especially at such a small venue so it's more intimate. He and his band are amazing and really gets the crowd pumped. I would def see him again here, but hopefully longer next time! We were about 15 ft away and can see him pretty well  -I'd say it's pretty good considering we didn't line up till 6pm. Lastly, if you want to buy his merchandise, there's a place for it right when you get out of the actual venue. The line can get long since they only had one register; some items can also get sold out pretty quick too. Hope this review helps! P.S. the floor really shakes when everyone dances like crazy. :)
3	The Chelsea was ok!  We were in the general admission section, which was standing room only just in front of the stage.  If you are short like I am, this section really sucks!  You have rude people that will come and stand in front of you that are 6+ feet tall and then you have the huge people that don't give a rats a** that they just came and stood in front of a short person.  You cannot leave any personal space between you and the person in front of you or someone will come into that space.  You pretty have to be touching elbows and almost on top of the person in front of you if you don't want anyone to get in front of you.  For $250 a ticket.....it definitely is NOT worth it.  I went to see Bruno Mars.  He sang beautifully.  But what sucked was that I paid $250 each for 4 tickets and Bruno only sang for exactly 1 hour.  The concert was supposed to start at 8pm.  We heard a DJ which was awesome!  She was great!  We listened to her for 1 hr and 30 minutes.  At 0940pm Bruno comes on stage.  He is very short also, so good luck in the general admission area if you're there to see someone perform that is short.  You can't see a thing because of the taller and larger people.  He played til 1045.  Exactly 1 hour and that included the encore.  So, personally.,  I feel its a ripoff.  If you're going to a concert for 1 hour.  The tickets should not be selling for $250.  Now, had he played for 2 hours, then it may have been worth it.  He also didn't play all his songs.  How could he, in 1 hour?  He played parts of songs in order to get them in.  So again, don't waste your money. Its really not worth it for 1 hour.  Ripped off!
5	We saw Ed Sheeran at this venue labor day weekend and we were not disappointed. Despite the fact that he is fantastic live, the venue was small and intimate, adding to the experience. We arrived late so that we wouldn't have to wait in line, and we still managed to get a wonderful spot on the floor. I don't think this place has a bad view since the stage is high enough that you can see from everywhere. Also, props to the team for putting everything together well and not taking too long between the opening act and the main artist. People have mixed feelings about the floor, but it was fun and different. Also, it didn't come into play much when Ed was performing, so I can't complain. The drinks were normal concert options with a couple of beers on tap. They also have small bars near the main floor, which was nice. Would definitely go back to watch another artist at this venue.
3	this isnt a review but i figured id give it a try. Can anyone tell me if this is an all ages venue or is there an age limit?
1	Went to see Bruno Mars on Friday Oct 17th, I love the Cosmopolitan but this was a nightmare. Arrived at the Chelsea to stand in line for about 30 min and then we were directed through a maze of rooms reminiscent of Magic Mountain.  Entered the Chelsea around 8 20pm and a DJ was playing random music on stage. Stood in one spot in GA for a good 90 MINUTES!!! ALMOST 10 pm and Bruno Mars decides to finally show up and start his concert   WTF??? Bruno Mars sang for about an hour, but not all his songs, he threw in some R KElly? Michael Jackson?? Reggae??? His voice cracked and squealed throughout the performance, he made some jokes here and there I guess to play it off. Perhaps he should stick to the recording studio with JLO and not perform live. Most artists respect their fans he could have at least apologized for being over 90 minutes late? Don't waste your money on Bruno and the Chelsea has a lot of improvements to make as well.Bruno Mars if you read this you should think about cleaning up you act or you will be Peter Hernandez AGAIN before you know it;)
