5	I have been going to CarePoint since 2009 now, and I am very pleased. They do not rip you off, they tell you what you need, not what they want to do (like many rip off dentists in this town). Always very nice, everyone there! They are open on Saturday, which is very convenient for me since I have a work schedule that makes it hard for me to make weekday appointments. They start with what I need when I get there for my appointment, I rarely have to ever sit in the lobby, which I love because I hate waiting.  Very professional, nice staff, and that's very rare in a doctor's office anymore. I'm glad they are there, they make my life easier, and I have nothing negative to say about Carepoint Dental.
5	If you are like me-terrified of going to the dentist, go here!  I put off a root canal for YEARS out of  fear. I finally chose to come here to have it done (along with all the other things I now need from putting it off lol) And I'm thankful I did. I guess they can sense me fear bc they will continue to ask throughout my time there if I am okay and if I am feeling any pain.  Good people.
5	CarePoint Dental - You are the best.  Thank you for consistently providing an atmosphere that is caring.  Your services are the best, the staff is great and prices are fair.  I will continue to bring my family and refer my friends.  Overall - Outstanding dental office.
2	Why do they make you wait so long if your appointment is at 1030, why do they make u wait 56 minuets just to go sit in the chair get  X-rays and wait another 40 minuets to see the dentist...And then the waiting area is seriously small and crowded. I almost felt awkward sitting so close to the other patients in the waiting room. So making me wait 56 minuets in that tiny waiting room really sucked royally. Also turn up the a/c it's hot in the desert and your customers deserve to be cool. I kinda felt like a cattle waiting to be herded it the next area, oh great here walks in another patient she will prolly have to stand cause this place is crowed but I guess that's easy when you have a tiny eating room with only five seats. Is that the best you guys can do for your paying customers is make them stand around and make the wait. The staff is very nice and every one except one counter lady is Asian, I hope it's not a pre requisite to work there?The dentist was a very nice lady, after she check me , I needed 2 filling so the cost for a cash customer was 620 that was way more than what I was quoted on the phone. I was to 29 bucks for exam and 100-200 a filling/ so after saying somthing about the cost the price was dropped to 381and really that's 50 more than what I was quoted and I was so tired of waiting 2 hours and 20 minuets at this point, and when another dental tech came in she didn't even know what she had to do to my mouth. And then more waiting what is going on I know it's lunch time but come on already. So between the lady that quoted me and then tried to rip me off, all the waiting and the tech that didn't even know what she was doing it is easy to give this place a low review. If it wasn't for how nice the dentist was I would only give one star. I am not too sure if I really need 2 fillings I know for sure I needed one but the second one seems a lilttle suspicious but I  not going to take that chance. So as far as the work preformed two techs and the dentist cam into numb me up okay great, and then gone again it's like 1 pm and I am still here , still waiting and the numbing is prolly wearing off. URGH,  so 3 hours and twenty minuets later and like 429 now instead of 382 I am finally out of here. Dr lamb your service is great but I watch you even struggle with you dental tech, get your own practice ant get away from care point dental
1	There are better dentists around.  Enough said.
5	Care Point Dental is an Amazing office to go for dental treatment.  I drive all the way from Anthem for me and my children because they are simply the best.  TJ is by far, the best dental hygienist I've been to.   The entire Team is friendly and comforting.  This is coming from a person who used to hate going to the dentist. Thank you Care Point :)
