5	I really liked staying here in Dec 2008. It was very reasonable, $100 per night, with no cancellation penalty. I got a suite, with small kitchen, living room, bedroom. It was quite spacious. The breakfast was OK, just stick to the bread and fruit and yogurt, the omelettes taste like the egg powder that they came from.Best of all, it was very QUIET. That is very important to me.Only some minor quibbles: It was cold the second night of my stay, and I had to spend some time trying to get the thermostat to work. The pimply teenager at the front desk said he had no idea how the thermostat worked, and said the only thing he could do was to switch me to another room. That is bad training, the front desk should know how to solve these little problems.When coming down the street, the entrance to their parking lot is not clearly marked, which leads to confusion.I also wish they had covered parking.
2	I stayed here on a Tuesday night in April since my hotel was overbooked. I was not impresed.I'm not a hotel snob by any means but the outside is definately as good as it gets. My room had a living space with couch and loveseat, and a small "old school" TV with a VCR. The kitchen area was neat but not modern by any means and the bedroom had nothing special. I would think as a Hilton hotel it would have been a little more posh but I assumed WRONG.The staff was friendly and the breakfast in the morning was so - so, the fruit looked like it was from a can and the eggs were not appealing. For a cheap price and a one night stay it isn't bad, but I was quick to check out first thing in the morning and stay elsewhere.Pro's it is very close to I-10 and lots of restaurants and shopping nearby. I would love to see this place IF they ever remodel the bedrooms.
4	Hotel is all suites, which is perfect for families - we stayed here for a week long trip in June 2011.  Employees were all very nice and pleasant.  We ate breakfast each morning, was great with the exception of the pancakes - a bit small frisbee like.Room was clean and spacious, air-conditioner worked great, and it was very quiet (except for our own room - a 3 year old little girl - ouch!)  Only complaint was the furniture - couch and chair - really could be more comfortable and stylish.Over-all, was a great stay - we'll go back.
1	Stayed here February 16 thru 20 2012 ...was upgraded to a two room suite due to my diamond status...the original charge was to be 129.00 but they charged me 149.00 due to the upgrade..That was BS since they did the upgrade without me asking for it...the room was so so.. The kitchen was small no measuring cups for cooking...needs more utensils...the staff had no clue how to answer the questions asked them.  Tim the manager was terrible and tried to tell me that the room was discounted to 149.00 but I never asked for it..they over booked not my problem..will never stay here again..
4	What a great place! They even upgraded us to a two bedroom!  The place just felt like home!  Free dinner and free breakfast!  We only stayed one night, but I wish we stayed longer!  In the morning I used the gym they had on the premise, it was a little small, but that's what you expect from places like this.  Either way if The opportunity ever presents itself I would love to stay here again!
5	Excellent staff and a nice clean hotel.  It's obviously a newer hotel and things are still in excellent working order, clean and well maintained.  The food is really good as well and always made fresh.  My room had a normal flat panel tv, microwave, refrigerator etc and was perfect for what I needed.  I liked that i could heat the bedroom more and leave the main area cooler for when I wake up and have to get ready for meetings and may take a conference call from my own room sometimes.  This is a great location for business travelers as it's right off the highway.  That was one of my concerns when booking but the noise levels are not noticeable in the room which was nice.  The staff are top notch and really make your stay worry free the entire time.  This is my third stay in two months and I'll be back more often it looks like now.
5	All the MSU family members stayed here for our bowl game, and was beyond impressed with the manager Tim. When we showed up to check in he was wearing an MSU shirt with other stuff on display in the lobby! That was awesome!Some of the family members flew 2,000 miles away into the heart of a much different conference and to see your team's school colors everywhere in the hotel meant a lot to us. It showed that we weren't just another group of people, we were treated like family!I am local to the valley and the next time I need a staycation I will definitely be booking my reservation here because of Tim. Granted the rest of his staff went above and beyond but his friendly, helpful and caring demeanor sealed the deal for us. The kicker is: he's not even an MSU fan. He borrowed the clothing/decorations from a friend who is a fan =)
5	When I first arrived in Chandler I had no idea what hotel my group was staying at. I wasn't  really paying attention to the hotel when we first arrived(probably because it was 10:30 PM). The lobby of the hotel  had a small fireplace and some sofas. My group booked a two room SUITE. Complete with a kitchen,TVs in every room, and 2 bathrooms. My suite was ... haunted!? Allegedly a mom and her baby died in my room,but I didn't experience any paranormal activity. Other great amenities include:fitness area,pool, and free breakfast.
5	When I first arrived in Chandler I had no idea what hotel my group was staying at. I wasn't  really paying attention to the hotel when we first arrived(probably because it was 10:30 PM). The lobby of the hotel  had a small fireplace and some sofas. My group booked a two room SUITE. Complete with a kitchen,TVs in every room, and 2 bathrooms. My suite was ... haunted!? Allegedly a mom and her baby died in my room,but I didn't experience any paranormal activity. Other great amenities include:fitness area,pool, and free breakfast.
5	I travel often for work. This hotel is wonderful with the kitchen, living room, and separate bedroom in the suites. It feels like home away from home. The dinner four nights a week is great after a long day of work!  The staff is genuinely caring and very attentive to the needs of every guest.
1	I decided I needed to write a review since the 5 star review I saw was from 2008!!! Since it is 2014- here is my take: I would give it no stars - except that the front desk managers are amazing!!! They are friendly and even when our dog was annoying other guests with his barking, the gentleman at the front offered to watch him while we went to dinner- way above the call of his job!! We are in the process of relocating to Chandler and the relocation company put us up here for 11 days while we wait to get in our apartment...for a Hilton, I'm very disappointed!! Guests shouldn't even hear our dog if the walls weren't so thin!! We are at the end of the hallway and away from any other room but the quality of this hotel is so very low! The beds are DOUBLE size and for 2 adults, doubles just are too small for numerous days. Hampton Inn which is next door and also Hilton seems like a better option! The coffee at Homewood Suites is mediocre at best- for people who enjoy the Hampton Inn Robust, this is terrible!! The rooms are clean but not Hilton quality
5	I'm from southern California and I come to Arizona a couple times a month. I try out different hotels almost every time never again! This place is amazing! 24/7 coffee in the lobby, very clean rooms,  there's a gym and great great great customer service! The blonde girl at the front desk (didn't get her name) is so accommodating and nice. You're not a bother if you have questions or concerns she was very friendly and helpful. I will be coming back here from now on! Best experience at a hotel by far.
