4	Exactly what I was looking for. Good selection of cheap beers. Haven't tried the food yet.
3	By 11am this place was packed today.  People drinking and eating breakfast like I have never seen.  The place is small and clean but it gets really noisy.   the seating is pretty spartan.My friend had the BLT which the waitress said was "awesome" and he really liked it.  I had the burger which was decent.  The fries a cripsy (frozen fries obviously).  The iced tea tasted mostly of tap water.  The place was understaffed this morning by the staff, which was older, was also spunky.  they were funny and did a good job.  The place seems to have busses running to spring training games.
3	Fine place to check in after a Cubs spring training game.
4	This place is my Cheers (young people look it up)! I work in the area and stop by 3-4 times a week.  The food is better then average bar food and the drink prices are downright awesome!  The staff is very friendly and works hard to make your experience enjoyable! There are also 15 large flat screens making this a great place to watch any game!
3	Me: Do you have Sierra Nevada?  Bartender: No. Gone before I can request an alternative.  Angry service and moderately busy.Update - looks like they had a change in beer selection and service since my original review.  May revise after a few more visits.  They actually carry more than the domestics now.  I had a Guinness last visit.Updated - much improved believe it or not.
3	I needed a quick, late dinner while staying at the Marriott across the street. This was a good choice - decent menu, and fairly good beer selection. I didn't sample any entrees, but the chicken tenders and salad were fine. Just what you'd expect at a sports bar. The service was friendly, though not all that attentive - even though I was sitting at the bar. I didn't expect a whole lot, so I wasn't disappointed. I'd give it another try on a future visit.
5	Friday Fish Fry!
1	Oddly enough, it was a negative Yelp review that drew me to Diamond's in the first place (a review I see is no longer on Yelp). But after putting up with crappy service just to get the Sourdough burger I love, the argument with a man who was either the GM or the owner about whether a service dog could come in his bar was the last straw. I'm not sure why he thinks he can refuse service to someone coming in with a service dog, but that was the last straw for me. I will miss the Sourdough Burger, but trust me when I suggest you find a nicer place and ask them to make a Sourdough burger (on sourdough bread with grilled onions and cheese).
3	Okay place for a late drink social.  Right across from Marriott Hotel and within walking distance within Downtown Mesa.  This is the first and only sports bar I visited that sells Arizona Lotteries, very unique.
5	Great food, good service. Onion rings are especially good. Try the classic burger!
2	The food is well below average, service is ok. Been here many times (only because it's across from the Marriott) only fun is the owner on the place gets blasted at the end of the bar and makes a fool out of himself
1	DO NOT GO HERE. The service is so terrible I felt like I was in a Dick's restaurant and this was all show. Oh no this was real life and the girl was so rude. She was cursing at us, slammed our drinks down, at one point asked one of our party members who had just gotten in, "what the hell do you want." Kid you not I could not make this stuff up. The food was subpar as well. The only good thing about this place was the bartender who was sympathetic towards the entire situation. When you come in town to visit and are just trying to go to the bar and hang with old friends and family this is not the place you need to be at. Stay away.
1	Terrible service, not enough staff to keep up, not enough glasses to serve beer.  Had to drink out of a plastic cup. new guy trying to service the whole bar while titsmcgee helped only one table.  Only able to get one drink in an hour....then to make matters worse the scraggly a hole behind the bar kept busting out the emergency exit to get more beer.  He got mad because we closed the door after him not knowing he was the help, thought he was just another pissed off patron waiting an hour on a refill.  Never ever going back...stay away.
5	This place has a very nice atmosphere will lots of courteous waitresses. I would definitely suggest this place if you are staying at the Marriott next door, Service was prompt the food was hot and the beer was cold, go to Jesse for good service.
5	Bartenders can pour one hell of a drink! Friday fish fry and if there's a hockey game being played, it's on the tv. Love this bar
4	Wings are well sauced and crispy (rare these days). The onion rings are pretty good and the potato skins are massive, more like half potatoes. Only downfall is the limited drink selection. So many TVs, awesome place to watch multiple college/NFL games. Sit at a table with Eppie as your waiter and I promise you'll be taken care of! He's awesome!!
1	Twice the bartender was petting a dog and never washed her hands. I quickly lost my appetite.
5	I've been coming here for 12 years.  6 of them as Diamond. This is the cleanest, most sanitary, place I've been to in my life!!!
2	What is this place, a supper club? Looks like a bar for regulars. Only had a couple drinks, didn't try the food. Im sure theres some type of fish fry here.
4	I love fishfry's i have been to a lot of them but the fish here isn't sapping in grease it crisp meety flakie u want to order more before u finish ur first piece and by the time u leave u have to unbutton ur pants hope that u go try it for urself and let everyone know how u feel about the fish when ur do. Button or unbuttoned
