5	Great idea... Was able to do my liquor shopping while waiting for my bags, and the prices were even better than on the Strip.  Getting my booze at the airport also gave me and my friends a chance to kick off our vacation in the taxi instead of the hotel, which made the ride considerably more fun and meant the party was in full swing upon our arrival.  You guys rock!
4	Woot, there's a new liquor store that opened at the McCarran Airport! My friends and I flew into Vegas and we needed to grab some alcohol to pre-party once we got back to the hotel since we were running low on time that night (going to EDC), so we were lucky this place was open. We walked in, tried a sample of the Lemon tea Belvedere, and checked out some of the alcohol selection. There's SO MUCH available here...it really is a library! If you're in a hurry to get some alcohol right out of the airport, this is your spot; it's so convenient. You don't have to walk to Walgreens haha.
5	Genius concept, especially in the Vegas airport! Grab some alcohol while you pick up your bags so you have drinks for your hotel room. The cashier answered all of our questions & helped us choose our vodka. The prices are competitive-- not Costco cheap, but definitely cheaper and more convenient than on the Strip!  CHEERS & thanks to Liquor Library!
3	Great concept , great location by baggage claim but the prices were high. 5 dollars for a liter of soda ? No thank you . I'm sticking to cvs or abc store on the strip for my alcohol needs .
5	While coming down the escalator following my most recent flight to Vegas, I noticed a sign that said "LIQUOR STORE" with an arrow and I couldn't believe it. Sure, the prices are higher than your neighborhood liquor store ($31 vs. $23 for my favorite vodka), but the convenience factor when you are short on time more than makes up for it. On top of it, the store is bright and clean with a very outgoing/cheerful staff. Excellent selection for a store of this size as well.
5	This place is the bomb. Whether you land at Terminal 2 and take the 1 minute train over or if you're already I. Terminal 1, get your Vegas weekend liquor and supplies here! Their prices are same as what you would pay in any big city liquor store. (Absolut for $24.99, most other rums, tequilas and whiskeys same price range.) they have mixers as well as soft drinks, fresh lemons and limes which they will cut for you. Hop in the taxi line right outside and head to your hotel! Easy, cheap and way fast. They must have at least 50 brands of every kind of liquor too, so they will definitely have what you want. I paid $60 for tequila, mix, limes and orange juice. We had two margaritas at Cosmopolitan and the bill was $35 w tip, to give you an idea how much money you'll be saving. I'll definitely come back.
