5	Shoes, purses, lipstick, cashmere, silk, warm fuzzy pets, chocolate and wine.There is absolutely nothing more a girly-girl craves more than these things (unless of course you throw in a hunk like Michael Fassbender or Viggo Mortensen into the mix and then we're talking nuclear...)Fluevogs have had a cult following for years. I remember back in the late 80's/early 90s when the likes of Madonna and Dee-Lite's Lady Miss Kier wore Fluevog's Minnie Mouse platform shoes and they were all the rage at clubs around the world. Unique styles, impressively comfortable, friendly staff, beautiful displays, Fluevog shoes are one of the few reasons I wish I was rich, I'd be here all the time buying up wicked heels, crazy bootsies and in-your-face footwear.
5	Good god...
5	Here is my dealings with John Fluevog Shoes:Hello John Fluevog ALL Locations,Having just crawled out from the rock I was under and clicking on a Facebook ad featuring John Fluevog shoes,I happened upon the website featuring the most unique, sexy, and absolutely to-die-for boots: The LA Malibu Grand National.They are on sale which makes them even sexier, but alas, the size 10 US is no more...~sniff~Not one to be deterred from my shoe-loving quest, I am writing all of you to ask if you all could please check your stocks, check under the desks, check returns, check everywhere for a size 10 US in the The LA Malibu Grand National.I will name my next puppy dog after your favorite shoe, I will be so forever in your debt that I will (insert task here).Thank you for your time and I wish you all Godspeed on your Boot-Hunting Quest for a size 10.Humbly and anxiously awaiting a YES WE HAVE THEM!!!Boston, Porland, Minneapolis, New York, Calgary, and Montreal responded to my email.  Anthony from Montreal was first, found the boots in my size, called me to place the order, and shipped them post-haste. If you have never seen these hand-crafted shoes, my friend, it is time to come into the fold. The customer service alone is why I am a life-time customer now.
5	I'm a Fluevog-fan visiting from New York. Yes, clearly I can go to the Fluevog store in my hometown, but since they are designed in Canada I thought it would be cool to see what was available while I was in Montreal. For the record, I *think* I saw some styles that were unfamiliar, but I'm not 100% sure...There was a big sale on, but naturally my eye was drawn to the regular price shoes. I wanted a pair of cute black shoes that could still be my everyday pair. I love 'Vogs because "basic" does not mean boring, and I can get shoes that are unusual, comfortable, and still appropriate for almost every occasion. Of course, if you are more into conversation-piece shoes, Fluevog's have got you covered as well with towering platforms, bright colors, and strange shapes.Same as in New York, the service here was excellent. Fluevog sizing really varies according to the style of shoe, and Christiane was super helpful with finding different sizes and styles for me. My friend also tried on several styles (but sadly determined that her feet were too wide to wear the boots she liked comfortably). In the end I decided on a heeled oxford that will be put into rotation as soon as I get home and will no doubt get a lot of wear.
5	My first fluevog experience was way back in the early 00's, when I was visiting Boston and found myself inside their New berry street location. I just couldn't leave without a pair of funky western inspired boots. And I wore those boots for years and years, until they finally just couldn't take anymore. I was very happy when a boutique opened in Montreal, but a little slow to check it out. Fluevogs are not cheap, but you get what you pay for. And a little hint:they DO go on sale from time to time, so sign up for their mailing list and keep your eyes peeled. What I like about the boutique is how friendly and helpful everyone is. I once went in and tried on what I felt like was a dozen pairs of boots. The salesperson didn't seem phased at all. Another time I knew exactly what shoes I wanted, but not the color. That time the salesperson happily brought out a pair of each color available in my size. The only time I had less than amazing service was when I went in early on a Saturday morning and the people working seemed super sleepy and a little confused by my request to pick up my boots that had been stretched.  It all worked out, so they are totally forgiven for early Saturday sleepies.
