3	me:  "Do you have Arrogant Bastard?"him: * blank stare * then, thinking...me:  "Any other micro-brew type beers in a big bottle?"him: "Oh, a bomber? We have Fat Tire, Guiness, Heinekein, (yada yada)...me:  "Great, I'll have the Fat Tire."him:  "That'll be $3.50"This was the actual conversation today at the LIQUOR STORE across from The Vig on 40th St. and Indian School.  I've been meaning to go there and today was the perfect day since the Jeep's thermostat read 97 F today.  The Drive-Thru is the bomb, perfect for a quick beer in a brown bag.  Normally, I skip the bag. You could always go in and shop around, they have Liquor, Beer and Wine.  Arrogant Bastard is a great beer.  I love it when any product starts off the description by telling you that you're probably not going to like it....
3	"How was The Vig?" is the question I get every time I stumble into Empire Discount Liquors. Literally, it could be 3:30 in afternoon on a Wednesday, and the owner just assumes I'm binge drinking next door per usual and need to stock up on smokes and/or gum. He's usually right.I dig the place. I'm generally not a fan of Liquor Stores, because everything is sold at such an up charge from grocery stores. This may be all well and good for the occasional drinker who moseys in once a month for a bottle of the good shit. But I drink enough to know that I save on average $3/case of beer and upwards of $5/bottle of liquor if I get it at Safeway as opposed to anywhere with "Liquor" in the title.  So no, I don't come in too often, but when I do I like the selection and the employees are friendly.I'm deducting 2 stars because they close earlier than 2:00 AM ALL THE TIME. I'm sorry, but you are a liquor store. That is a 2-Star offense right there. You're right next door to one of the most popular bars in Phoenix, and just because they are legally obligated to close up shop at 2:00 doesn't mean we shouldn't enjoy the right to buy overpriced liquor from you at 1:55 and finish up elsewhere. This is VERY difficult to do when you close whenever you damn well feel like it all the time, with no advance warning to us. At least sound a damn air horn or something. Then I'd up you to 4.
2	I really needed a cigarette at the Vig the other night and they were closed at 11:30 PM on a Saturday night. I'm deducting a star and holding it hostage until the next time I need something and Empire is actually open for me to get it.
3	They were open at about 10:00 PM last Saturday when I got to the Vig. Good on them! Back up to 3 stars!
5	the owner and his workers are so sweet!great price to buy lotto tickets for gifts!
4	Great selection!!  The owner and staff are friendly!!  The prices are great...there is a drive thru and it makes everything easy!  Sometimes its a little slow and the place is a little cluttered...but its alright...go to place...
5	Owner was cool. They had a humidor. Good stuff! Fine cigars! Late night tip. Great spot found on my yelp app.
