3	I'm always on a quest for General Tso's chicken. You really wouldn't think that Chinese food would be regional in the US but it is really different here than the east coast. If you are from the east coast...do not get the General Tso's chicken here...you will be disappointed. I did find a place that is pretty darn close. Follow me or look at my reviews if you want to know where. Anyway, they have pretty amazing food here. The pepper steak is the best I've found in the West valley. The lettuce wraps are delightful too. Not too crazy about their egg rolls though. They seem to be a bit on the soggy side. I usually get it to go on the way home. Since I don't eat in I couldn't feel good on giving any extra stars. I'll edit my review if I ever dine in. Suffice it to say that the food is pretty good here and I've never been unsatisfied.
5	Great mom and pop place in Peoria.  You have to try their Lettuce wraps which are very refreshing and on the light side.  Dumplings are made fresh so if you order them they take 15-20 min to get.  Fried rice is to die for too!!
5	We just moved nearby and love this place. There is no reason to do fastfood, we have taken out 2 times and this place took about 5 minutes. we have yet to eat in, but plan on it. We have ordered the house special do dinner for two and had enough for 3 meals. The best crab puffs and love the fresh veggies too.
3	This place sounded promising from the yelp reviews.  So we gave it a shot.  We ordered take out and it was ready in 15 minutes.  We ordered:House Lo MeinGeneral Tso's ChickenEgg RollsCrab PuffsEverything was just ok.  The flavors were good but nothing made me want to come back.  The General Tso's chicken was pretty spicy and a good flavor but a little bland.  I was left wanting more flavor.   The house LoMein was good as well but a little bland.  The meat was cooked well and tasted good.  The Egg Rolls had good flavor but were a little soggy on the inside.  Crab Puffs were ok as well.  Everything was just 'ok'.  I wouldn't go back here.  I would choose Wong's Jr over this place.  Good China is just that--Good, not Great.  If you're in this area and you're looking for chinese, go to Wong's Jr.
5	Great food! My favorites are sizzling rice soup (great when you're sick), poopoo platter, cashew chicken, house lo mein and house fried rice. The staff is very friendly and if you call to pick it up, it usually  takes 10 minutes. You can also find coupons for free lettuce wraps or crab puffs in the mailer ads.
3	First impression. Not bad. It's a clean place. Staff is friendly. They were blasting some 80's music inside. Not my thing but hey... Lol. So I ordered the Kung Pao chicken. The girlfriend got the Sweet and Sour chicken. I'm always on a mission to find some Kung Pao that can beat Chows Asian Bistro in Albuquerque. Sadly it doesn't top Chows. The food was good don't get me wrong. As stated in a review from someone else. It's good not great. My girlfriend also got a Long Island Iced Tea. She said that was awesome. All in all not a bad place. I'd go here again probably.
4	This is an update, we have been back numerous times including dining in. Still love this place for a great neighborhood joint with good portions at a reasonable price. The sesame chicken tonight was awesome, but next time I will ask them to add some veggies. We also had the lettuce wraps and bean curd dish. I could do those wraps for lunch often, they are on the appetizer menu. I like the crisp lettuce with warm filling. Very refreshing.
1	Service was good, food was horrible. Nothing had flavor, food was cold, tasteless and gross. We had to run through McDonald's to get my wife something and that was better than good china.  Would not recommend it
5	I have yet to be dissapointed with the service here. When I call or come in I am greeted by name, which just makes everything better from the begining.The lunch specials are a little more that some places, but not by much and they are well worth it. I don't know if there are any resturant unique items that they have, but they serve the usual Chinese food, just at a better quality. If you are looking for a good lunch, try the Mongolian Beef or Sweet and Sour Chicken.A must have is their Crab Puffs, these have more flavor here than I can recall having anywhere else. Try them and love them!
5	I loooove this place!!!! Best Chinese food ever! Portions are great and prices are very reasonable considering the quality of food. Service is excellent! Everything on the menu is good nothing is bad. You must eat here if you haven't already.
4	Service is good but the food is really good.  If you are looking for something authentic and you want something different than the usual Panda Express and PeiWei this is the place to come.  The orange chicken its cooked different from any other place I've ever been and its really good.  I haven't tried a dish that I didn't like.  Order the dinner for two and you will be very pleased.  Fried rice soup its great too.
