4	Looking to spruce up your house, but not a lot of cash? Pretend you're on your own episode of HGTV and check out Nadeau. It's a new furniture and decor/accessory store on South Boulevard in South End. The cute side tables on display outside caught my attention and I had to check out the rest of the store. They have a lot of bookshelves and end tables, many were made from reclaimed wood. The prices were very moderate and the quality seemed good. If I had an extra room to decorate or needed another item, I would make a stop here because I liked their stuff and it wouldn't cost a fortune.
3	Nadeau's slogan is "furniture with a soul" and that does a fairly good job describing its contents. Inside you will find a bevy of painted, distressed, and handworked looking pieces. If you want your house to look like the floor of a showroom, look elsewhere, but if character is what you want then a piece or two might just be up your alley. I was pleased to see that while the stock doesn't look cookie cutter they do have multiples of things like nightstands that you might want to buy in pairs. There was an excellent collection of mirrors of all sizes. The place is definitely bigger than it looks with three extra rooms off the main floor so be sure to take the time to look around. The prices are not terrible with something like a painted dresser coming in in at least the $400s but smaller pieces like entry benches in the low 2s and accessories like coat racks as low as $26. It is definitely a spot to check out next time you want something out of the ordinary to fill that spot in your home that you don't want to look just like everyone else's.
4	You may have to look a little... They have some pretty Cool Furniture!Teak Root "Tables"? Objects!  Cool "Door" Re-purposed to be a Table Top!!!  These wee the stand-outs to me!I consider some of this furniture more Masculine and "Designers-Call" some Great Finds, though if you have Females in the House you may want to let them have some say in the selection! Dude Working here was great to speak with and I should not have said to him "These prices are                                   low"!
4	Great (and unique) furniture at prices that are comparable to the junk you can buy at Target. Highly recommend!
4	Have seen this store for awhile but looking for a entry table so decided to stop in and check it out. The store is packed and is very big which it doesn't look from the street. Very cool furniture and very reasonable prices. I will be back to find some other stuff.
1	I used to enjoy this store but the last time I went in I swore I would never shop there again. They have so many pieces packed in that it is hard to even look at pieces of furniture and maneuver. It's frustrating and hard to walk around. Also, the quality doesn't seem very good.
