3	The wife and I headed up to Norterra to do some shopping the other day.  Since we had recently received a free coupon for Berrygood, we decided to check it out.We were the only ones in the store when we arrived and were greeting quickly and in a friendly manner by the one employee.  She asked us if we had been, and then explained their concept when we told her it was our first visit.  I got a free sample of one of the four flavors.  I thought that there would be more flavors, but chocolate, vanilla, plain and blueberry were the only choices.  The wife chose blueberry and I chose vanilla.  Our yogurts were good, though nothing terribly special about it (good or bad).  I did not like that once you ate the middle of the swirl, there was a huge gaping hole in the middle of the yogurt!  The wife said that the yogurts were measured for weight before being served, but the empty pit in the middle of the yogurt made me feel empty (figuratively, of course...my 6 oz yogurt was plenty filling).On the way out, I picked up a brochure for the store.  I have to say I am very disappointed in it, and if I were the business owner, I'd a/ be mad at myself for not proof-reading, b/ be mad at myself for not having someone else proof-read and c/ be embarrassed about putting out a brochure like this.  I noticed several errors while only casually glancing at it.  First, new stores are 'comming' soon.  And apparently two of their flavors are 'straw berry' and 'blue berry'.  (My wife did like the blueberry, wonder if she'll like the 'blue berry').  And lastly, the brochure had NO website address.  Just weird...I liked the coupon we had, the friendly employee and the taste of the yogurt.  I did not like the poor brochure and the hole in the middle of my yogurt.  I may go back here, but we plenty of other options in the area, I might need another coupon.  Hence, three stars.
3	JUST as I was about to lose my mind at BestBuy looking at new laptops.. and just wishing the MAC was all I wanted it to be , but isnt because Im a hard to please girl, you know! I got my escape near the land of electronics and techy gadgets.. Im just a straight out vanilla girl.. keep it simple.. add some fresh framboise! And Im a happy simple girl.. Mark, on the other hand likes his a bit more tart.. she gave a sample of pomegranate blueberry.. he loved it.. I didnt .. wow.. thats a lot to confuse my taste buds with.. but its not the fault of BerryGood, thats just my palate! The 3 is because Im a yogurt snob.. I compare all things yogurt to PinkBerry in Cali.. and its no PinkBerry.. its just a loss on cream factor to me.. but the raspberries and fresh fruit, though limited.. are just that.. super fresh:-)
5	The yogurt we have here is the best I've had since tcby went under. Pistachio,pumpkin,cakebatter all awesome. The service is first rate, the same lady has waited on us on all of our trips in, and she has not dissapointed. We were sad to see Paciugos go down but have found our new go to place.
3	I want to say how berrygood this is , or that I like it berry much . But the truth is it's not the best yogurt , it's a nice treat if you want a small blah fro -yo. It's not do it yourself  so you portion is not very generous  and I didn't think the flavors are earth shaking..Okay who am I fooling ?  I miss  Sweet Life Gelato ....
3	After finding a fabulous fro-yo shop in Newport Beach, I've been on a quest to find something at least semi-fabulous closer to home. This one's not bad.Compared to other fro-yo shops, I like the flavors at this one: refreshingly sweet...but not so sweet that you'll go into some over-the-top richness coma. And if you are a topping junkie, you have choices...lots of them...but the other reviewers are right -- it's not a little yogurt to go with your topping -- it's a topping. The shop is also neat and clean, which is a big deal in my book.Here's the catch: sometimes they are busy and sometimes they aren't. What this means is that the one person they have working there is ready to assist you when you walk into the empty store...but if there are a few people in line ahead of you, you'll be waiting awhile.
3	Yogurt is very good but expensive when you start adding toppings.  Id rather go to a self serve place.
3	With so many frozen yogurt places around town, it is hard to stand out. Berrygood does, but not necessarily in a good way.  First off, they aren't self-serve, which means you can't control how much or little you want and you don't pay per ounce.  Instead you have the choice between small, medium and large, and just four flavors.  Plus, you pay extra for toppings! So, it was rather pricey and flavor limited compared to most place, and since there seems to be a frozen yogurt place on nearly every corner nowadays, I don't really think it is worth it.  But, I must say the flavor I got -- Mango -- was berry... ahem, I mean very... good (I had to pun, sorry). And, that, is the only reason I gave it one more star than it deserves.
4	I don't mind that Berrygood isn't self serve.  The employees there are always quite generous with how much they fill your cup, and the toppings you get.  I normally spend about the same amount here that I spend at any self-serve place.  They only get four stars, because they don't have a lot of yogurt flavors to choose from.  I think some people would find that disappointing.  I love their chocolate, and can't find another place with chocolate as good as theirs.   It's always clean, and they have a lot of toppings to choose from. *****I thought I'd edit this to say that Berrygood has closed.  However, a self serve yogurt store will be replacing it****
