3	Typical locals bar with it's own unique shtick.Met up with friends here for some late night drinks.  It's tucked inside a random strip mall on the west side of town.  Is it really Summerlin?  Inside you might (MIGHT) just think you were in some kind of mountain lodge.  The bartenders were attentive and on their game.  My long island and beer were reasonably priced for Vegas standards.  There's plenty of room to play some pool or whatever.  Everyone seemed well behaved when I was there.
3	its not bad. I really wanted somedrinks, so i went here. Not bad. The decor is of a fisherman lodges up to about eye level then you look up and think oh.. it's a warehouse.. Hmmm whatever. It's a bar. So i waited with the bf and the bartender finally came by. This bartener was extremely nice, he apologized for the wait. he served up two great drinks and a shot that oh... soooo good. we ordered late night food and I HIGHly recommend the egg croissants. Sooooooooo good. Oh..and the jack and coke. Got to watch sports... and talk and meet other locals like myself who just got off of work at the casinos dealin with damned tourists like the post before mine.
3	I've been to this establishment too many times to subject myself to more.  They got the BEST CHICKEN WINGS in the valley especially especially the Garlic Parmesan!!! BETTER THAN BUFFALO WILD WINGS!This place is not pretentious, Caters to typical bar flies!
4	Sometimes, on nights when I drink way too much I end up in a place like Durango Lodge. Or strip clubs but thats another review. One of those "how did i get here?" moments and then this place is awesome. Had a karaoke session in the bathroom and a friend won $250 on video poker. I said it, video poker.  Everyone is local. Friendly. And on a Friday night the majority of the people there were in mid to late 20's to maybe 30's and surprisingly attractive. Music was random but all good.Perfect dive spot and there's food all the time obviously.How can you go wrong with antler chandeliers and a moosehead on the wall?
4	I went to Durango Lodge this past Saturday to go shoot some pool (they have three tables) and just hang out. I had driven past this place a gazillion times, but had never stopped in so we gave it a try. You really get the "lodge" feel when you walk in, lots of warm colors, wood and stone.Had a great time, servers/bartenders were really nice and went out of their way to provide great service, crowd was mixed, old-young. I had heard on the weekend it sometimes could be a younger crowd, but that wasn't the case, we were only there from about 8-9:30pm.Will definetly go back. . .
2	Just a typical dive bar. The staff has better things to do than deal with you, the food is blah. And it's just dark and dingy. If you feel like life's got you down and you want to wallow in despair, stop on by and have a few.
4	Of all the Lodges, this one has the best bartenders and servers. All others have left a bad taste in my mouth. This location is awesome and will recommended to anyone.
4	I've passed this place many times, especially on nights when I'm craving Robertos. Finally, a few friends and myself decided to go in for some drinks. The inside is pretty nice. You definitely feel as if you've escaped from the usual Vegas scenery which is more often than not, a good thing. Wasn't too busy when we went, so it provided a nice atmosphere to kick back with the friends, play some pool, and have good conversations. The other patrons who were there were friendly enough, and were more than willing to converse with anyone.As far as the bartenders go, they were great. Provided great service and were very personable. Drinks were reasonably priced. About the same prices you would get at any local bar. Didn't get a chance to try any of the food, but both the place and service were good enough, that I know I'll be back for at least a few more visits.
5	Fun place to be.  Bartenders are great.  Parmesan garlic wings are awesome.
2	This place used to be hella cool. Key word here is used to be. The waitresses all used to be smoking hot and fun, now they are boring and ugly and they can't make me a drink strong enough to think they are hot. Amongst the waitresses and bartenders no longer being personable and fun the clientel seemed ghetto as four cop cars came by and arrested a few people. The food is nothing more then greasy slop. They used to have really good sandwiches burgers and tortellini salad. No more.
5	Went with a friend for the wings.Food was pretty good :] It's only about $.45 cent per wing.After 6 wings you get free fries!! The whole shabang comes with lots of celery and ranch, so nothing to complain about.The waitress was pretty chill too :]We spent $11 on 20 wings and a huge plate of fries.Go here on Wednesdays if you like wings! It's all day!! :D
3	This place is ok it's got a whole cabin feel to it.  And the service is usualy pretty chill.  They got tvs all over the place and some pool tables in the back.  Not my favirote of all bars but it's ok.  I gues the best part is it's next door to a roberto taco shop which maks for some sick drunk food.
2	Yes there is a lot of beer on tap, yes the environment is friendly and music is playing (no jukebox), but service sucks, been there about 50+ times b/c its close to the house but damn, service needs to improve, you can see the waitress taking smoke breaks when they should be checking on you.  Damn you need to take a smoke break outside so we can't see that shit.  most of the times when our beers are empty we have to ask for another one out of our way instead of somebody asking if we want another one, when a beer is empty shouldn't you approach the customer and ask if they want a refill?!?  I don't know i'm not a waiter/waitress.  Please improve!
3	You can tell a lot about the meal you are about to eat by the quality of the salad. I ordered a relatively basic chicken parmigiana sandwich a side salad. What I expected was iceberg lettuce and an unripe cherry tomato. What I got was a nice mix of salad greens, diced tomatoes, shredded cheese and croutons. Impressed - for a side salad in a bar, not bad.We also ordered the fish and chips. Well done, nice pieces of cod lightly battered and fresh.  Coleslaw was of the creamy style, the kind I like. Can't stand dry slaw.Blue Moon on tap, $7.25 for 25 ounces, not bad. We had nice food server, didn't sit at the bar so can't comment on the bartenders. Our server was telling us they do some sort of theme night every now and then, a dress up kind of thing. Nice lounge area near the front, several couches and tables and a few tv's. There's a wall of 6 large screen LCD tv, good place to watch some games.Overall a decent place, would definitely go back. I takes a few good visits to become a 'fan' so it gets 3 stars for now.
3	Received a last minute invite to drink with friends for someone's birthday at Durango Lodge.  I've driven through this street hundreds of times and not once have I ever notice the existence of this place.  Exterior of this place isn't really eye catching but it still brings in business because of the locals nearby.The moment I stepped in, I was surprised by the crowd.  Expected it to be full of regular Joes and gambling seniors but it was filled with hipsters and attractive ladies (well maybe just this night so don't think I have a bad taste if otherwise!).  It's very dim even though with all the TVs surrounding the bar area.  The server and bartenders were welcoming and easy to converse with.While everyone else was drinking, I just ordered the country fried chicken smothered in gravy which came with potatoes and salad on the side.  It was alright, nothing great because it's the brown gravy that I crave but instead they poured white gravy on it so the taste just didn't do it for me.The pool tables are freaking small.  I looked around but I didn't see and midgets or kids so I guess the pool tables are just small without a purpose.  This place is ok to hang in if you live nearby but I wouldn't come back here unless if there was a reason to.
3	Cool place. I'd go there again. Pizza was good. I wish they had a little more craft brews. Ended up drinking a "Shift" IPA which I think is by New Belgian
3	Plus a half-star.  Not my favorite place but a good place.  Bartenders are good.  Never ate in the restaurant.  I've had good luck in video poker here.
1	Once every few months, we stop in, and promptly leave again...I want this place to be good, because of the set up and the food, but it cannot be, because of the service, the prices and the crowd (there was a junkie, rolling around on the floor and pool table, but never removed).On this stop in, our group gathered for some birthday drinks. When I arrived, they said that the server had been slow and it would be best to go to the bar for my first beer. Well, that didn't help...Both bartenders walk past me, looked at me, but never acknowledged that I may want something.When one finally came over, she said "what do you want?" I asked if they had OKTOBERFEST and she said no, than yes, than I don't know, then very sarcastically "agreed" to get my drink. The male bartender then came over and snatched the money from my hand. I had to speak up. I snatched it back and he said "don't you want quarters for the pool table?" I said "no" and turned away from him.The female came back and simply said "$6.00"... I didn't say anything back, just gave her the money, left no tip and walked away.Later, the server coming around took an order of 3 beers and 2 cocktails. She brought them back over the course of 3 trips... and charged me $4.50 for the same beer. Yes, it is only $1.50, but considering I would typically drink about a dozen beers, this was in indicator to order nothing further. Everyone was aggravated and with less than an hour in, we paid up and moved the gathering elsewhere... and had a great time... and spent well over $250 gambling, drinking and ordering food... Apparently the Lodge did not want that money.
4	I have never had a bad experience here. It is a good late night spot and what you would expect of a bar. I met my husband here!
3	Hard to spot from the street,  upon entering on a bright sunny day, be sure to give your eyes time to adjust because this bar is dark!Once acclimated I saw there was a large circular center bar complete with video gambling machines, extra lounge seating around the perimeter, pool tables to the right, and a wall of about four TVs overlooking about 8 small round tables. The interior really has a nice lodge feel with the woodwork implemented and the Big Buck Hunter video games towards the back.50 cent Wing Wednesdays are where it's at here at the Durango Lodge. Sauce choices range from mild and hot to teriyaki and hotyaki and come with all the wing fixings such as ranch, blue cheese, carrots, and celery. The wings aren't the best I've had, but they're not bad at all especially for the price. If you're looking for somewhat more healthful option, the avocado chicken burger is a primo choice, subbing a salad for fries. I have also had the buffalo chicken wrap which I thought was very good, along with their penne with alfredo sauce, Italian sausage, and garlic bread.The service here is top notch, which can be indicative of the strong local bar crowd I have noticed, even during the daytime.
2	Speak up if you want a drink before you've dropped $300 in the machines. It's pretty hard to get served. -especially after 10pm, even if its not busy. When you do get your drink, you may want to order a double b/c it's gonna be a short jigger of whatever you ask for. The only reason I give this the 2 stars is because they have a really great "Rooster" salad.Unfortunately most of the regulars don't seem like the kind of people that eat much. They seem more like the kind of people that took a break from feverishly cleaning their grout & thought they would take their teeth grinding out in public... Very intense. Lol
1	Definitely go here if you like to NOT get waited on and if you also enjoy watching people buy and sell cocaine. Like Eric Clapton said, "Cocaine, cocaine, cocaine is the cocainiest"
1	So I guess I've learned that you can't really base your review in this town on service.  On my previous visit the service was top notch, but I just left there and the service was as bad as it gets.  I walked in, sat down at the bar and was completely ignored while the bartenders sat on the coolers with their backs to the door and didn't even acknowledge me or anyone in that part of the bar.  I sat there for a few minutes and noticed a lot of empty glasses around me (a sure sign of lousy service) and walked right back out the door.  Fortunately there's about a dozen better bars in a 1 mile radius.  This place is more misses than hits.  I won't be back.
1	This place has went down hill. Bartenders are rude have they know nothing about customer service. Also the clientele are a bunch of thugs.  I would stay away from this place unless your looking for drama.  The guy I was sitting by was telling me about how he just got out of jail the night before. Unsafe place!!
4	I forgot I wrote a sorta bad review about this place, but I gotta say I've grown to love it, the friendliest staff and they'll remember you when you come in, great for big groups or a date.
5	This bar is great! Gaming is awesome and bartender and servers all are as good as they come! Sliders and spaghetti night is super yummy!
