5	We are so happy to find a wonderful salon for our Maltese, Griffin. Leonard and Wona did a fantastic job grooming him and were so accommadating with taking our christmas pictures. I agree with the other review by Mechelle, the salon is light, airy, clean, and friendly. In addition, priced just right. We will definitly be bringing Griffin back on a regular basis.
5	Love this salon.  Very nice job on my hot mess of a bichon.  Will definitely be taking A.J. back for regular groomings!
5	We took our king Charles spaniel there the first day they opened. They took great care of Sophie and it is obvious how much they love animals. They put bows on her and a Christmas bow on her harness. I was tickled pink to find out from my husband they took pictures if Sophie which they emailed to him later that same day. Overall it was a great experience and we're so glad to have a quality groomer so close to the house!
5	They do a wonderful job! The owners took the time before my dog's grooming appointment to make sure they knew exactly what I wanted, and they took notes! They were playing around with my (admittedly, kinda smelly and shaggy) dog before they began, so even though he's always good at his grooming appointments, I knew he'd be extra happy and trusting with them. The prices are absolutely fair, based on the size of dog and the package is all inclusive (they trim nails and pluck out/clean ears as part of the haircut/bath package).
5	First groomer I found in Vegas that can do a GREAT Schnauzer cut!  My Maddie girl even liked her spa day..... I am recommending them to everyone I know!!!!
4	They did a good job on my poodle but my shitzhu was ok.   Nothing special was done to them.. Such as bandana or bow as others had mentioned. Also one of my dog had a little bleeding on his skin.  I might give them one more try when they might not be as busy.
5	I take my very high maintenance French bulldog - Nala to Petiamo, and the owners Wona and Leonard are absolutely wonderful! They care about pets as if they were their own, and they do a great job grooming. My dog always looks perfect and happy when I pick her. Also, Leonard takes awesome pet photos, I have one framed in my house :) Definitely recommend!!!
5	My King Charles loves this place. They do a great job and the owners are super nice. They are very fast and can always squeeze me in.
5	My dog has hated every pet salon I've taken her to, and been terrified of the place going back. We finally decided to try petiamo and I've never seen her happier! She loves the owners and they always do an amazing job.
5	Hands down the best pet salon in Las Vegas! Quick & more than efficient service. The owners always seem to be able to squeeze us in last minute & treat our Cavaliers like their own. Especially like the little bows they use for the female pups. Very personalized service. We love Petiamo Pet Salon & highly recommend them to any pet owners!
5	The nicest couple owns this and they are so good with my dog Cody!! I was so impressed one day and touched how they greet me and my dog by our first names after not seeing us for at least 5 months! Couldn't believe they remembered us! lol. I had my dog shaved down and that's why I didn't need to go back until his coat got long again. My dog is 13 years old now and I've been to many groomers with him. Petiamo is by far the best groomers we've been too. They listen really well, take care of the dogs with a lot of love, great customer service and Cody comes out looking like a million bucks!
5	I took my little Maltese/Pomeranian to get a cut after not being groomed for too many months. The owners were really nice and took care of my dog so well. I would definitely recommend!
5	Now I understand why there are so many 5 star reviews, everyone works at Petiamo is so nice and loves dogs. I brought my newly adopted stray dog in today, even though she was recently spayed, I wanted to get her cleaned up since she still got dirt on her face from the shelter. They took great care of her (after advising me to wait for a little longer since it has not been 10 days post surgery). My dog was a little scared when she first got to the salon, we are not sure if she's been washed before. But when we came and picked her up, she was super happy and smelled so good! Although one negative thing is that her nails for some reason was not trimmed, I didn't realize it until we got home. Overall, this is a great experience. Not to mention that looks like the owners also love cameras, I feel happy that I did my small part to contribute towards their next lens.
5	Petiamo's is THE BEST groom shop in Las Vegas, affordable & reasonable prices, and the staff & customer service is phenomenal! I've been going to Wona & Leonard for a over a year now and my long-haired dachshunds Mochi & Kona have never been more than happy to be there every single time. The lobby gives off a simple & relaxing at home feeling, and as you first walk in you see the kennels & grooming tables right away. Most groom shops here have you drop off the pups and then "take them to the back". But you don't get to see the back. They're great on timing with the baths & haircuts as well as being efficient & intricate for all the small details; I've NEVER had an issue (ie; they forget to do a paw, clip nails, nick my dog, mess up a haircut, etc.) and I entrust my babies with them completely; just like family.If you're new in town or wanting to find a new groomer/groom shop definitely call/stop in to see Petiamos, you won't regret it!
2	When I brought my dog for the full grooming, they cut off my dog's right eyebrow... My dog, mini schnauzer, looks kinda funny because of no eyebrow... I know it will grow back but I can't believe it...
5	I recommend this place to everyone!  I would never take my Maddie girl anywhere else! They are so sweet to her and their work is impeccable! Thank you Petiamo!
5	My German Shepherd is the cleanest he has ever been after coming here. Thank you Petiamo!I meant to call a week before to make an appointment for my 92lb GSD puppy, but kept forgetting. But I called the day of and they were able to accommodate me the same day I got into town. Hooray!Anyways this place definitely lives up to their reputation on Yelp. So bring your puppy and four-legged creatures over. Everyone working their is friendly and only wants the best for your pup. They spent just about 3.5 hours on my puppy. And let me tell you--He smells good even 4 days after the groomers-He has the best looking coat - shiny and silky. -His coat is thinned out - goodbye piles of fur that accumulates in my car and house-His ears are the cleanest I have ever seen it - trust me. this is nearly impossible for me to clean myself and he usually doesn't let people clean his ears! So props to Petiamo for being able to-Nails are all trimmed! Yes even the upper side claws on his front paw! No more scratches! -Teeth brushed (: -He even got a cute bandana (I was surprised at the quality of it!)All for $55. Yes an amazing price for a large size dog! I have found my Pet Salon in Vegas! Service is great, and the result is AMAZING. They treat your pups like royalty. They have a VIP card. 10 washes and your 11th wash you get $25 off. Good incentive program. They have bath packages that you an select from if you're unsure. I usually go for the basic, but you can def go all out. (: All the prices are reasonable and affordable. And yes, they are down the street from Red Rock Casino (so while you wait, why not have some fun, catch a movie, bowling, etc).  Oh make sure you pick your dog up before 5/6PM, they have a $50 charge. I don't see what you're waiting for, hurry and make your appointment for your puppy! He/She will love it. (;
5	Wonderful place. My dog was a mess and when I returned to pick him up I didn't even recognize him. Beautiful! Thanks Wona!
1	Nope! Never again!  I'm sure they do a great job grooming, however I wouldn't know.  After I dropped my little one off they called me to come get her because she had a tick.  "Ok? So take it off her,"I thought.  Then the woman tried to convince me that the tick laid eggs on her head and that I should take her to the emergency vet.  Which, doesn't happen, according to google and my veterinarian.  So disappointed, I really wanted to find a good groomer.
5	Being new in town it was difficult to make a decision about where to take my Shepherd.  I am very happy here. We will be back.  Anthony looks great!  Excellent customer service.  My dog is dog aggressive so I need a place that works with him.  Thank you Petiamo!
5	I've taken our three dogs, 2 yorkies (Trixie and Coco) and 1 min pin (Hula) here three times and have been very happy with their grooming. My husband and I recently moved to Vegas from Washington, DC and were concerned about finding a groomer that could accommodate all 3 of our dogs and their different grooming needs. I found Petiamo from an advert/coupon in Zip Codes magazine and decided to use them since they had excellent Yelp reviews and were conveniently located 5 minutes away from our house.  Before booking the appointment, I went by their shop to check it out and to find out about services and pricing.  I spoke to the owners, Wona and Leonard, who were friendly and welcoming. Their reception area is set-up nicely, immediately adjacent to the grooming area with windows so you can see them groom the dogs, as opposed to other groomers where I've been where they take the dogs to the back and you never see what really goes on, which concerns me. They answered all of my questions and went over pricing, which was very reasonable. They even had teeth cleaning, which was great since it's not my favorite thing to do. In addition to the coupon offer that I had, they also had a VIP card that they stamp for each service and after the 10th service, you get $25 towards any service after the 10th stamp. Awesome especially with 3 dogs!!!I selected a full groom for all 3 dogs, with teeth cleaning and a sanitary trim (around the tail) for both Yorkies. One of my Yorkies gets a puppy cut, the other Yorkie with long hair gets a shape/trim and the Min Pin gets a full groom with special dandruff shampoo because she has dry skin. They also provided complimentary bows to do the top knots on my Yorkies, as well as a bandana for my Min Pin. All 3 of them get so dusty since they're toy dogs and especially my one Yorkie who has long hair, we call her the little Swiffer because she collects so much dust. Every time we take them to Petiamo, they come out looking and smelling beautiful and their coats are so shiny and soft. On our most recent visit, Trixie, my puppy cut Yorkie, recently had stitches taken out from surgery on her leg and they were very careful with her. Since her leg was shaven, I asked them to trim her a little closer than usual, which they did. Beautiful grooming job, conveniently located, friendly service, reasonably priced, nice perks (bows & bandanas), frequent rewards program and ample parking. What more could you ask for?!
5	Wow !!! Great pet groomer !! After dealing with the friendliest owners, they made me wish that I have more pets to give them.
5	We just moved to this area from Henderson and I searched Yelp for a new dog groomer. I'm so happy we found this place! From the moment I arrived with my dogs, we were greeted by a very friendly young man working the reception desk. One of the groomers came out from the back to make sure she understood exactly how I wanted my long-haired chihuahua groomed. They did a fantastic job on both my chihuahua and my pug. I thought the prices are very reasonable too. I don't think I need to look any further for another dog groomer. My dogs are happy and so am I!
5	Love this place! Our little Havanese got exceptionally filthy at his grandma's farm and needed a heavy duty grooming. I called Petiamo and they fit me in right away. The owners are very nice and engaging with the human and pet clients. Our little one has a leg injury and they were very attentive to my explanation of his issue, and assured me they would be sensitive to that while handling him. They were also very attentive to my grooming preferences and executed flawlessly. He looked so so cute and smelled like a dream! The full grooming package plus teeth cleaning and nail trimming was $54. They also have a window into the grooming area, so it's nice to have that transparency - and to see all the other cute doggies being groomed. They are also in a great location and I love their VIP program perk of $25 off after a few visits. We're so thrilled to have found this gem!
5	I have taken my dogs, and now dog to this place for over a year.  The service has consistently been AMAZING. I used to drive further for grooming I always hated(why?! I like to give people a chance I guess) and used to pay more also. I was very please the first time I went. Met both owners, extremely friendly people. The groomer who used to groom my only dog we have now is not there anymore. So I was concerned considering all my other bad experiences, however I was pleased again with their work. Petiamo has a great customer service attitude which I do not see much of anymore these days. The guy who works the front counter is very sweet and energetic. He politely told me about my dogs nails being way too long(bad mom). I have nothing but great things to say about this establishment and will continue to take my dog here. Tip: they really glam the dogs up with bows and perfume, so if you have allergies like I do, ask to nix the perfume.
5	Friendly & accommodating and have always done a great job with our dog.
5	My little MUMU is  our baby. This is the first groomer I have found where the grooming is always excellent . She  actually likes going to Petiamo. The owners are always friendly and remember you name and your dogs name,  The Groomers are always AMAZING !!  I have been going there for over a year . SOOO HAPPY I FOUND THIS PLACE will continue to take my dog there and recommend it to everyone.
1	Uhhh I am thoroughly offended by this place and their snooty attitude. Get real.
5	Very friendly, accommodating and family owned... We love taking our 3 doxies there. :)
4	Seeing as I have received an outburst of angry compliments regarding my initial review (some from very suspect Yelp accounts... I mean come on, at least show yourself and post a photo of your face if you're going to send personal attacks at me) ... I will follow up, to say that the owners have contacted me directly to resolve the situation. I am rating them solely on that interaction, which was professional, and fair.  I give them kudos for trying to assess things, and we have come to amends! Thanks so much! It shows that you truly care about your business and clientele. So to whoever commented me, please stop with the anonymous hatred.  Yelp is for honest opinions!
5	love them! they are super caring and would alert me right away if there are any suspicious health related issues. i.e. an early sign of ear infections. this is a plus since it is my first time as a dog owner. you know they really do care! also, my baby always comes home pretty and clean :) can't ask for better groomers
5	I've been taking my bulldog here since their opening a few years back, and they always do an amazing job grooming my little bully.  I've taken to a few other places near my house in Summerlin area, but my dog won't come home as clean as he does when he goes to Petiamo.  The owners are also exceptionally polite and courteous.  I'm not going anywhere else but here.
5	They are very friendly and truly love dogs.  They do a great job on our shih tzu.  I highly recommend them as a pet groomer.
5	I love this place.. I was referred by a friend. Been going here for over a year... They take such good care of my boy. He always looks so handsome when I pick him up!!!
5	So impressed with Petiamo service, prices, their salon set up and location.  My little critters were dolled up, smelled great (and not overly perfumed, which I appreciated), and they were HAPPY.  Our former groomer wasn't available,  so I found this place on Yelp, of course.  Mentioned at booking that I had to be at airport in early afternoon-- Leonard found me a morning slot and my dogs were done in record time!  Not saying that will always be the case, but sure am grateful for their consideration today.  Love this place!
5	We have been bringing our dogs to Petiamo since they opened their doors. We have never been disappointed. They are extremely accommodating, always welcoming, and do a wonderful job grooming our dogs. Highly recommend to anyone looking for a professional and well-priced groomer.
5	I have been bringing my two dogs here for over two years and they always do a great job. They are always extremely friendly and very personable. My dogs are always perfect when I pick them up and don't ever seem stressed out like they have been when I took them to other groomers before.
5	Petiamo does such an amazing job!  My Maltese always looks perfect and smells amazing.  I highly recommend them.
5	I have been taking my puppies to different groomers over the years and about a year ago I discovered Petiamo and I will never go anywhere else. My dogs always come home looking perfect! The staff is wonderful and very helpful!
5	Another great experience from our "friends" at Petiamo! The pups always come back to me looking great. The entire staff is so friendly and seem to treat my dogs as their own! I live in Southern Highlands & had no problem driving the extra distance to take my dogs to them! Thank you, again, my friends!
5	Great place to take your pet! I trust them. My dogs aren't scared when I drop them off and they always look and smell so amazing!
5	My little corgi dog, Mei, was getting pretty shaggy and now she looks great! Booking an appointment was easy, she was done in 3 hours, and the owners are super nice people. I would definitely recommend Petiamo Pet Salon! They're awesome!
5	This is by far the best dog grooming place in Las Vegas.  They are kind, patient and loving to all the little one's.  Orion looks so cute every time he is finished :)
4	They are SO FRIENDLY at Petiamo!! Always a pleasure going in to drop off our dogs!And the optional bandana - so cute.Although our dogs really dislike going to the doggie beauty parlor! They always come home smelling fresh and clean!Just the way we like them!
