5	This is a great place to take your kids,because they offer kids cuts for 8.00 on saturdays.. Everyone made you feel comfortable and gave me a list of specials for the next time.I even got my own hair done while waiting for my little boys hair cut. They gave me the best  hair color,it goes great with my skin tone.
5	Love them! Not only was my hair cut fantastic, they are a salon I can afford to go to! I've been twice now. The staff is fun and friendly, and were so nice to me and understanding that I had my little baby with me. Definitely my salon from now on!
1	The salon I usually go to was closed and I was anxious to get my hair cut so I went here.  Have you ever sat down to get your hair cut and the person just starts cutting your hair without even asking you what you want done???  Neither had I until I came to this place.  I had a way overgrown pixie and wanted to trim it and clean it up with intentions of growing it out, but she just went to town as soon as I was in her chair.  I am pretty laid back about my hair so since she was already cutting, I just went along with it stupidly trusting she knew what she was doing.  I asked immediately after she started cutting, "So, are you just giving me a shorter version of what I already have?" to which she replied, "I am point cutting it."  So this lady didn't even answer my question, she just told me the method she was using to butcher my hair.  This woman was going SO FAST(no one was waiting to be serviced) and we were actually talking about what I wanted WHILE she cut it.  She managed to cover up the sloppy job by using a lot of product.  It wasn't until I got home and washed my hair that I saw how uneven and jacked up my pixie was.  I have NEVER in my LIFE had a worse hair cut (except maybe when I was 12 and my mom decided to experiment on my hair with a regular pair of craft scissors).  Lesson learned.
3	I myself got a mani/pedi from Katerina - who happened to be about 15 minuts late for our appointment.  The mani-pedi was okay.  And though its close, I'd rather go to my regular gal up in north scottsdale.   At least my gal does not excuse herself to go have a smoke in between services.   Yeah, that's what I want to smell - lingering cigarette smoke.  No thanks.  A few days after my mani-pedi, I took my Grams here for a haircut from Joanne (i think that was her name).  The haircut was pretty good.  Better than a greatclips haircut.  So I might return, just to get Grams a decent haircut.
