4	Tasty, healthy, and fresh food at inexpensive price! Food is not salty as most Chinese food in US I had, actually the flavor is close to my back home! Highly recommand it!
4	Asia Tea House is fast and simple. You order and then give you your food within ten minutes. It's ideally located and the food is delicious. The best part is that it's cheap! I had a combo with chicken and green beans, white rice and steamed vegetables for $6. There was enough food for two meals (which is great if you're a college student). I highly recommend this restaurant.
5	Bubble tea available here!
1	How do I start?! Yelpers beware! The high reviews offered to this place are deceitful! This place is terrible.Food: this is only reviews off the bubble tea because of previous reviews claiming it was great. Far from great it was! This watered down, tasteless, and sorry excuse for bubble tea puts all other bubble teas on top. Worst of all the bubbles tasted old and as if they were stored away all winter. Not fresh! In fact, our bubbles were more like giant balls stuck together. The tea was watery and lacked true flavor of mango or macha. What a dissappointment, however the people of the burgh wouldn't notice the difference. So fortunately for you, this is a good thing. Service: meh, slow and it seemed that they had no order in serving people.Interior: it's outside, which was nice. 1 star given. Disclaimer: I drink lots of bubble tea, if you want a true experience go to Philly or Miami. They make a thicker juice with fresher bubbles.
1	I had to visit yelp to see if I could have been forewarned how the bubble tea is NOT good. Granted it was my first time here and I only ordered one thing,totally ruined the mood for laying out in the sun, sipping on a cold bubble tea while reading a book. I ordered the pink rose tea - if ur a bubble tea fanatic (I'm from LA) definitely not what I was expecting. I can't really put into words what is this hot pink neon drink with only eight tapioca balls in it :( I'm too disappointed with this one to see if the green tea or taro tea would be any better...
1	I am not happy with Asia Tea House.It was a hot day, and I was feeling optimistic. So I decided to order a bubble tea. I went with the mango fresh fruit. Then the wait began. ... Fifteen minutes later the guy hands me my smoothie. I took a sip. This was followed by a frown. Another sip was necessary to make sure I was not just imagining things. Yep. This was the worst smoothie I had ever tasted. And I have had a lot of bubble teas in my day. Forget the fresh fruit. It was too watered down to be identified as a mango smoothie. And the tapioca balls were tough and bland. I had just paid $4 for water and crappy tapioca balls.The search for good boba tea in Pittsburgh continues.
4	Great cheap chinese on campus. Its not the best I ever had, but it is honestly better than most places in Oakland and Sq. Hill. I would take their chicken eggroll over any in town. Plus they are friendly and quick. Plus I love that you can get double vegetable sides instead of rice... Great for a lower calorie option. I would say that the bubble tea is "meh" at best.
3	I met a friend in Schenley Plaza since she has been away in New York the last couple of weeks. Even though Bobby was at home making dinner and I'm dieting, I still was hungry and needed food. I ordered the teriyaki chicken from Asia Tea House. The counter guy was nice and my food took long enough to know that it was fresh. It definitely was not the worst chinese that I have had.
3	Ordered the green tea matcha bubble tea. It comes in one size only and cost around $4. They do have a minimum $2 purchase if you want to use a credit card. The taste was alright. I found it a little bit too watery and bland. An ideal bubble tea for me would be more matcha powder with a creamier taste.
2	I've only been to Asia Tea House once but it was enough to put me off for the rest of my time in Pittsburgh. This was the first place in the city that I went to for bubble tea because of it's convenient location. The bubble tea there was a huge disappointment, though. My friend ordered a strawberry smoothie and I ordered a matcha (green tea) bubble tea. Both were pretty bland, the strawberry one was probably worse. The matcha bubble tea did have the flavor of green tea, but was still quite watered down. Nothing like the bubble tea I've had in Philadelphia. Huge disappointment. The food here might be cheap and good, haven't tried it myself so I can't vouch for it, but if you're looking for bubble tea close to Pitt's campus, try Craig Street.
3	This place is great for lunch in the park and the prices aren't bad either. I like the bourbon chicken, but sometimes it's a little dried out. The bubble tea is fantastic though! I like their bubble tea a lot more than LuLu's or Rose Tea Cafe's. I highly recommend the honeydew flavor. So good!
3	It's in such a great location. We ordered food and sat right by the lawn in Schenley Plaza overlooking the Cathedral of Learning. They produce mostly stereotypical American Chinese food, sushi, and bubble tea.There's a large menu and many people hesitate outside the window thinking about what they want to get.We ordered pork dumplings as a shared appetizer and an entree for each of ourselves. The food is what you would expect from a Panda Express or any random non-authentic Chinese place in the US. But it's convenient, and the view is hard to beat. After chowing down Chinese food you can walk around the area, and maybe get some dessert from the nearby waffle place. A perfect three-course meal made.
2	I stopped here in August when my band was on tour. We decided to busk in the plaza before our show that night, and I needed some food that didn't come from the cooler in our van. Not wanting a huge portion of food and trying to eat healthy, I took a change on a roll of sushi and a seaweed salad. I thought that since I didn't order anything that needed to be cooked, it wouldn't take too long. After waiting for way longer than is necessary to make sushi, they told me they were out of seaweed salad and offered me a replacement or a refund (of which I took the latter). Again, I waited a pretty ridiculous amount of time and eventually got my roll. It was tiny, but it tasted alright. Employees were nice. All in all, about what you might expect from a tiny Asian food stand next to the plaza. Probably wouldn't go back.
4	Asia Tea house definitely has the best location in Oakland. Right in the heart of Schenley Plaza you can order and sit in the park. Asia Tea House is one of the few places in Oakland that provides authentic Asian food for a good price. The menu is offered is extensive and ranges from Sushi to General Tso's. Combination meals of meat and two sides seems to be a very popular choice. For an extra dollar, they offer double meat.
3	Tried the entree besides "daily special". It's way better. The corn tastes like its sweetened, but I'm not sure. The food is overall sweeter than other restaurant.
4	Asia Tea House is super conveniently located- I'd come here all the time, even if the food wasn't good. The spring rolls and vegetarian tofu is always top notch. The veggies are cooked well and the portions are huge. I love trying all the different bubble teas here. The only word of caution I have is that the General Tso's tofu here just flat out isn't General Tso's. It's honestly just watery nonsense, so if you're going for tofu, get the vegetarian tofu instead.
3	We had to wait forever to get our 3 bubble teas. We started by waiting for someone to simply come up to the counter to take our orders. That process took about 5 minutes. I wanted a strawberry bubble tea, but they were out. No problem I understand. I got a delicious mango bubble tea instead. We then had to wait 10 minutes for our bubble teas. The bubble teas were however delicious. I also hear that the food is really good also.
