5	keep in mind, i'm only rating this pizza in relation to fast food style, delivery pizza - i wouldn't even put them in the same category as Slices or Tesio's.that being said, when i want greasy food deliverd to my door, i've always been a pizza hut fan - you know, if you're going gross, do it right, don't you think? and for years i lived with girls who were die hard barro's orderers. i didnt really mind because it seemed all the same to me anyway. but, i just had barro's for the first time in probably a year and a half and that was some good damn pizza. they're ingredients are much better quality, you don't need several napkins to sop up the grease, their crust is better and their consistency kills it (the last tiem i ordered the Hut, i got no cheese, wrong crust and piles of burnt pepporoni -like did a person really take that out of the oven, put it into a box and think someone else would want to eat it?).so, my faith in better-than-average delivery pizza has been restored, by Barro's. my hang over thanks you.
5	OMG!!!  I can't BELEIVE NO one has told me about this place!  Holy cow!  I LOVE it here!  Here's how I discovered Barros.Last night I was starving and exhausted.  I refused to cook and after looking in my fridge, decided some action needed to be taken.  So, I venture out to find a new place to eat at.  I wanted something quick, and tasty.So, I'm driving around and see Barro's from the road.  I have heard of this place before from Yelpers, but never bothered to check the place out.  So, I figured tonight was the night.I park the car and go inside.  I really liked what I saw upon entering.  Tables, booths, lots of folks eating and ordering, but nothing so out of control that it would be troublesome.  I saw thier menu and was pleased with the choices that they have.  They seem to have a really nice variety of stuff to choose from, and a lot of options for ala carte pizzas and pizzas that they sell as a menu selection.  They have meat lovers, chicken BBQ, and most common choices you would think of when pizza comes to mind.I decided to go simple this time since it was me dining alone and my first time eating here.  I went with a small Pepperoni pizza, and dined in.  Even though they were busy, my wait in line was minimal (less then 5 minutes) and my wait for pizza was about 20.  Not bad for a late Friday night.When the pizza came, it was like winning the lottery in my mouth, and to my eyes.  Finally, a GOOD freakin pizza in Phoenix.  FINALLY!  UGH, I've been waiting for this moment for 3 years.  I can finally eat good pizza again!  What also excited me was that they serve beer and wine here! I wanted a glass of wine SO bad, but passed because the menu said they only had Merlot, Chardonnay, and one other wine.  I would have ordered a glass if I was not dining by myself, but this was so cool.  Awesome for serving alcohol to make my day even better!It was the thick crust pizza, and that excited me.  everything was so delicous!  I was in love, and still am with Barros.  I took my leftovers home, and plan on returning to enjoy thier delicous food once more and many times again.
3	Barro's is your run of the mill pizza and wings joint. What really seperates them from the pack of fast food pizza is the fact that they serve beer and wine. Well, sometimes. Sometimes they serve beer and wine and sometimes they don't feel like it. It really just depends on how the cashier is feeling.On multiple occasions I have been told that it was "too late" to order beer. On one of these occasions (at 9:40pm), the customer next to me successfully ordered beer and was served by the manager. Seeing that I was upset, the cashier that told me it was "too late" whispered to the other cashier to not allow anymore beer transactions.As for the food, it's what you expect from a typical pizza chain. Nice selection of toppings and specialty pizzas (I recommend the hot wing pizza). The wings also have a handful of flavors/degrees of hot and are right around average quality with plenty of sauce.I was tempted to give this location a 2 star review just for the actions of one cashier, but that's not fair. The food is good and for the most part, the service is great. Just make sure you show up early if you plan on drinking.
5	This was the first Barro's location that I tried in AZ, and even though I don't leave near it any longer, I sometimes swing through on my lunch break for a slice (or three). This stuff will definitely fill you up with it's thick crust, perfect sauce, and generous layer of cheese. I usually opt for pepperoni, but their sausage is pretty good as well. I've also had their boneless wings with medium heat, and they're not the best I've ever had but they'd rank somewhere in my top 5. At one point they switched their supplier for mozzarella sticks, which was a bit of a bummer, but otherwise I've always been happy with the experience. The only downside is that it's so good I tend to eat too much and feel like a fat, bloated bastard afterwards. Partially my fault, but partially theirs for making such a damn good pizza!
5	best place for take out pizza or lunch slices.  so good and cheap too.
4	This Barros used to be on the corner of Hardy and Baseline just up the road in a less attractive shopping center. It's now in a more luxurious place but food and service seem to be as good as it was. Barros uses real chicken breast, doesn't skimp on toppings and offers a good variety of specialty pies.Bbq chicken pizza, hot wing pizza and a southwest style pizza are among its offerings. It also serves beer (at least in in its last location). Barros is a place better served to eat in than take out. The place doesn't have many tvs, but there always seem to be a game on during weekends and salad bar prices are fair. Food usually comes out fairly quickly and it's consistent from one time to the next. It never seems to be too crowded either because so many people order their pies to go. Just a good place to relax and eat Chicago-style pizza with fresh ingredients and watch a game.
4	The pizza's very good! Unusual in that you have to order and pay first but they different combo pizzas are good. My favorite so far is the spicy chicken.
2	I stopped by this location for lunch with a couple of co-workers on Thursday. We each ordered the two slice lunch special and drink for $4.00. I would have liked to see a pizza and wing lunch combo like another pizza establishment down the road. Both of the people in my group went back to the counter because the pizza was cold. The staff was very friendly and provided a new slice recently from the oven.  The pizza itself was just okay for me. I like the thicker crust and the taste was fine, but really it didn't stand out to me anymore than a Digiorno.
4	$4.00 for a lunch special in Tempe is pretty good, if you ask me.  If you're eating two slices of pepperoni pizza for lunch, I don't think you can complain that your pizza is "greasy."  (That's what they invented napkins and dabbing for.  Actually, napkins were probably invented for wiping your face, but they can be used for soaking up grease from pizza too.)  I don't know that I'll go out of my way for this one, but I won't complain about it either.  If I could give 3 and a half stars I would, so I'll be generous and round up (Barro's, if you're reading this and see my generosity, feel free to return in kind with free lunches for life.  I think that's a fair trade.)
5	Love Barros Pizza. Taste better then the price you pay for it!
5	I'm not a pizza fan, and I will always be up for an order from Barros. That's how amazing it is.First off, ordering on the phone is so simple.  Usually I'm already in the system and I don't need to give them all the crazy address and direction information that I hate repeating every time I call somewhere.Secondly, their delivery is speedy gonzales quick. I don't know how they do it, but it arrives well before I think it will and is piping hot and fresh.Third, the prices are reasonable and they aren't afraid to give me food without tomatoes. The dough is fantastic, and it's easily become one of the favorite delivery spots for the crew in my hood!
5	Enjoyed date night here with the hubby. Try the gluten free pizza. A-M-A-Z-I-N-G! Mmmmmmm
1	I called for delivery to the Holiday Inn, less than a mile away, and the girl on the phone was either stoned or stupid. I repeated my phone number 3 times and she couldn't get it right. I told her I was staying at the HI and she asked for the address so I gave it to her. Then she asks if this is an apartment complex? WTF?!?! NO, IT'S THE HOLIDAY INN!!! Then she wants to know the cross streets and I tell her how the hell would I know I'm staying at the HI, I'm not a local. They can't deliver without knowing the cross streets.... blahblbhalalhalha! I hung up. Get a new phone person!!!
1	Crappy service.  Came to pickup an order and sat for 15 min only for them to give me a pizza that was ready the whole time.  I  asked for a new one and they acted like I did something wrong
4	Barros. Barros. Barros. You hungry yet? You better be if you're ordering from here. This is very thick pizza. Lots of bread. Totally worth the money, a cheap and delicious way to get stuffed. I love bread too so I like this style pizza. Good sauce, huge portions, lots and lots of cheese, and fresh toppings. They have really great ranch dressing too...I usually get a few sides for pizza dippers. They have yummy garlic cheese bread too and it's only $1.50 an order!
3	Cheap wine- $2.50 a glass.  Good as long as the bottle they pour from hasn't been sitting open to long.The pizza is edible.  I like the white pizza.  Also, I recommend a thin crust.Good, easy, reasonably priced family restaurant.
5	PIzza was great along with the cheese sticks. Just the kind of pizza we try to make at home. Fresh ingredients and great crust. This one delivers to the Arizona Grand Hotel too!
2	Nothing Epic... I've had better from this location in the past. (4 yrs ago)Took 40 minutes to get a mediocre pepperoni mushroom pizza deliverd for $16 + tip.
4	I love Barros it's an awesome pizza place and garlic bread is my favorite! I eat here like every two weeks!
5	Hands down the best pizza I've had in Phoenix. I wasn't really even in the mood for pizza but my date was and he suggested Barro's. I'm so glad I went!!The food is unbelievable. I ordered a medium Kona Pizza (Teriyaki sauce, chicken, pineapple). With 8 slices, it was more then enough for me alone and I was happy I got to take some home. YUM. The atmosphere is a typical pizza joint: clean, friendly, and welcoming. Wait time is average but worth it for these pizzas!Prices are a little higher then you'd spend at Pizza Hut but only by about $10. Indulge! You won't regret it.
4	Whenever we have a really crazy work day at work, our boss heads on down to Barro's to get us some pizza! I have to say I like Barros! The crust is great and the pizza isn't too saucy and it's loaded with toppings, my fav by far is the Barro's Special! Barro's also has great lunch specials to 2 slices of pizza & a soda 4 bucks!  I hate really busy days at work, but love the pizza!
4	Excellent lunch specials here; $4 buys you two slices of pizza and a drink! The readymade pizzas are usually cheese, sausage and pepperoni (they have feature pizza's that rotate throughout the week). For a little more money you can even add wings or a salad. The service can be hit or miss (don't expect a clean table during lunch rush hours). The sauce is more on the savory/acidic side than sweet which I like and they're never stingy with the toppings. Warning- it may be a little greasy so don't be afraid to dab off the access grease with a napkin; your heart will thank you years from now.
5	Very reasonable prices for such a good pizza.
5	I'm Jessica's fiancee. But still, our experience last night compelled me to write this review.Anywho, I'm relatively new to Arizona, just moved here about 2 months ago. The food here, especially the pizza, is of a much higher quality than what I'm used to from most places back in Columbus, Ohio. That being said, I have run into a disaster of a pizza place already (Jamie's Pizza and Pitas.) So, we immediately set out the next night to make amends.The interior of the shop has a very laid back vibe, mostly clean; but still some icky tables here and there. She ordered a white pizza, I ordered a plain cheese, 6 medium wings, and 2 draft beers (don't worry, one was for Jess!)Our first sign that we could tell this place was going to be a hit was when the cashier forgot to ring up 2 beers on the order, so she gave us one of our pints for free; even upgraded it to a Devil's Ale instead of a Coors. I went to San Tan Brewery within my first week here, so I was extremely happy this was on tap somewhere else.Onto the Food: The wings were extremely fresh, although they were on the dry side. Decent flavor to the sauce for only ordering Medium, but it's something I wouldn't get in the future. The pizza's were great, although i think the crust could've used a minute less in the oven. Still, there was a nice, fresh chew to it; very hearth-y. The cheese was the star of the show, especially on the white pizza. Melted to perfection, and extremely generous on both pies. The sauce, however, seemed to be the only flaw. That paste-like texture is never really a good thing, although, it was nowhere near the worst sauce a pizza has seen. The white pizza had a nice garlic infusion, but wasn't overpowering in the least. The first white pizza I've had that I can truly say I've liked.TL;DR: 5 stars for the excellent customer service, comped craft beer, and extremely cheesy pizzas. This place has become my go-to joint, along with Venezia's.
3	I tried the thin crust and had it delivered during the week in the early evening.  It is decent pizza and I would eat it again.  I still like a couple other places in the area better.
4	This place is so close to my apartment, I couldn't believe it took me 5 months to go try it out. A neighbor and I went here on a rainy Friday night and impressively the joint was pretty full. They have a small but cute little lit patio area but it was too cold for that. We order a large BBQ chicken pizza, a dozen mild wings and 2 giant beers. They give you a little stick with a number and bring the food to your table. Man, oh man, those wings were so good. The sauce was great and they give a generous portion of ranch for dipping. We demolished those and enjoyed our beers until our pizza arrived. It was the right amount of greasy and the crust was thing but built up on the crusts. I think it was like a wheat crust, very delish. We couldn't finish the entire thing because we had monsterious beers to down too. I will def go back here. It's the kind of place you can wear sweatpants, a hoodie and no bra... how ironic, that's exactly what I was wearing.It's a good place to take a bunch of hungry kids or a big family to enjoy for above Pizza Hut style grub.
5	By far, the best pizza in the Valley. The boneless wings are also great! Whenever I have visitors from out of town, I recommend this place as a casual pizza spot. Friendly staff, too.
1	This place is a big bag of little sh!thead teenage girls who like to be rude because they don't care about their jobs. Cool, I'm impressed!The pizza is great though.
