4	I was in here looking at their rental spaces for an event next year.  The downstairs gallery is beautiful!!  When I was there multiple art pieces and items were on display.  Just gorgeous.  They have a number of event spaces in case you are looking for your next corporate or private event.  Competitive pricing and they even have an Event PROFESSOR on staff!  Lol!  How do I get this job??  Very helpful folks and clean nice spaces.  I will definitely think about doing an event here.  Thanks guys!
5	I would highly recommend Foundation for the Carolinas for an uptown wedding in Charlotte, NC.  My husband and I got married there in August 2014. We were able to comfortably use this space for our ceremony, cocktail hour, and reception for 107 guests.  The 4th floor space we used was newly renovated, and with good weather you can utilize the patio spaces, which have awesome views of the city, including the changing color Duke Energy building.  We are starting to get back our professional photos and the venue photographed beautifully; it was the perfect backdrop, in fact we chose to do our sneak peak in the 1st floor gallery space.  We really enjoyed working with the staff, Rebecca and David, and loved this venue's uptown location.  It is a block and a half from Holiday Inn Center City and across the street from The Dunhill.  It was very accessible for our out-of-town guests to stay uptown and walk to all of the weekend wedding celebrations.http://evergreenstudio1.com/blog/?p=3960
5	We had our 2014 holiday party at the Foundation For the Carolinas.  They had complimentary valet parking, which was a breeze once we fought our way through the traffic.  Once in the building the first floor had a variety of art work, the bowls closest to the stairs were what was donated from UTC Aerospace Systems.  On the second floor was conference rooms and a dessert table, as well as a sitting area.  You have to take the elevator to the fourth floor, but there was an outdoor section which was pretty neat and then an empty room where we sat to eat/over look the city through the outside bar.  Five Stars! Ill be back.
