1	disgusting food.  No condiments.  Terrible service. Nobody speaks English or French here.  It's supposed to be Italian but no Italian food on menu..........gigantic expensive hamburgers
4	This is where I go when I just need something extra-heavy to stuff down the hatch. The fries are crap, no getting around that, pure greasy starch with no flavor (only tolerable doused in ketchup/whatever you like to dip with), but the burger! Smooshed flat and wide, topped with something resembling Thousand Island plus lettuce and tomato (and cheese and bacon if you want)...it's very satisfying, let's put it that way. Burgers are seasoned distinctively, which is a nice touch. About $11 for a cheeseburger and fries after taxes, but it could well be the only thing you need to eat all day, so it's not an everyday thing but it isn't exorbitant.They do speak perfectly satisfactory English, and the service isn't anything special but it's fine for what it is.
3	The burger was really good, I really liked the dressing but i think it was ketchup and mustard but with something else anyways the poutine would have probably been tastier if we ate it fresh since we ordered it, we pretty much got a warm poutine. I would probably eat from there again but unfortunately not any time soon!!!
1	I would give this place negative stars but I'm not given that option. Actually, my preferred rating would be '1 Bulldozer', but that also is not an option, so here we go. 1 very undeserved star.We were in town visiting a friend down the street and 4 of us stopped by here for lunch on the way to the Metro. There isn't much in the area, and this placed advertised a proprietary 'Copoli Burger' with some sort of optimism, so we thought we'd give it a try. After all, who can screw up a burger?These guys. These guys can screw up a burger, and they can screw it up with painstaking efficiency and utter contempt. I asked about the 'Copoli sauce', which the server said was just a mixture of ketchup, mustard, and mayonnaise or something like that. Since I'm a no-mayo kind of guy, I figured it wouldn't be too much to ask for just the standard ketchup/mustard on the burger. To the server it seemed like a standard no-hassle request. Awesome. I couldn't wait for this seemingly giant tasty-looking burger.What I received was a large burger almost spitefully slathered with mayonnaise. For some context here, there was only one other table in the place, and they already had their food., so the margin for error or confusion here is very narrow. The other burger recipient at the table received their standard burger with just a standard amount of mayonnaise. So I flag the server, who was super nice during all of this, and show her the burger. Without even looking at it she said there was no mayo on it, but I didn't even have to lift up the bun to show her this 'mysterious' white ooze coming out of it. She offers to take it back and bring me a new one. This is where things get downright offensive.Through the corner of my eye I can see the cook (who I am pretty sure is the owner, and the father of our server) take the burger back to the counter and throw the bun in the garbage. Where is the rest of the burger? I wonder. Surely that would go in the garbage too. Nope! There he is, scraping away the mayonnaise with none other than paper towel. He is clearly oblivious that with a small restaraunt, what he is doing is visible to all the customers. Maybe he does realize it, and just doesn't care. Either way, I am brought what I am expected to believe is a new burger, and again, I didn't even have to take the bun off to ask what all the white stuff was still all over the bacon. He must have missed that with the paper towel. At this point I refuse any further burgers and I can tell the server is pretty embarassed. The cook/owner/father at no point during all of this even attempts to make eye contact (we are like 10 feet away) or offers any glimpse of shame or even recognition of how messed up this is. I watch the rest of my friends finish eating their pepperoni pizza, which had been unexpectedly dusted in sesame seeds, and I left hungry.I'm not one for gentrification, but if someone bulldozed this place and put up a condo, I wouldn't be sad.
4	Good food, nice people, decent prices. Everytime I've gone they always had English and French people as opposed to what another reviewer said.
1	The worst pizza I've had in a long time. Worse than Delissio. I came here because I was starving and honestly, I should have just gone home. Had to wait for 25 minutes anyway.Had a chance to see some of their other creations being made, and it's not pretty. This is one of those places that are rare in other large Canadian cities but still exist in Montreal, where the food is actually BAD. Like, below reasonable standards of quality. Conclusion: never again.
3	I don't know where all the super harsh criticism is coming from. It's not your normal burger, its a Capoli burger. Yeah its the size of your head, but thats also because it's super flat and fairly dry. Its a decent burger, its just not one of those big beefy burgers with the soft buns that everyone is used to.
2	Its a huge burger, that doesn't taste like anything. at all. the bread is dry, the meat is dry. It's just to fill you up for the hell of filling your tummy with something that tastes like nothing. French fries are not crispy at all..Staff are nice, all smiling and stuff but the food is-I don't know what else to add. Absolutely disappointed.
