4	Safeway's are great now..  they have re doen the insides and put in a nice deli type place... they offer pre-made salads that are actually good, fresh sushi, good sandwiches and wonderful soups... since i work in the area i eat lunch there alot and am happy with the price and selection...
2	It's been robbed on 2 different occasions while I was shopping there.I go to the one at Osborn and 7th Ave now.Better selection, bigger store, cleaner, safer.EDIT+1 STAROne redeeming value - Good place to flirt with hipster girls buying hummus or whatever. At least until her girlfriend returns with the chocolate chip cookies and kicks your ass.
1	The McManager sucks.  (he wouldn't run his store Safeway card for me!)The debit/credit card swipers suck! (they don't fit in their holders and they must use a freakin' dialup modem they are so God Damn slow)They once completely ran out of MILK!Their change machine was down for well over a week!I swear to God, if  there were any alternative in the vicinity I'd GLADLY pay twice the price to shop there! Revamped store is nice to look at, shitty to shop at!  Now with free Wi-Fi! EAT ME!
4	Aww, I'm so sad other Yelpers seem to hate this place. Not to mention call it, as well as all of downtown, ghetto. Downtown is full of so much culture that the rest of this barren suburbia is lacking. I love this Safeway. The employees are always really, really friendly and willing to help with anything. The deli is great, they're salads and ready-made stuff are awesome. Produce is always super fresh, and they've got a pretty large organic selection. I love the crowd down here, too, lots of familiar faces. I would have given it 5 stars, but they recently changed their hours to closing at 10 pm every night, a drastic cut back from their 12 and 1 am hours. I have to admit I don't frequent this location as much because of this (the boy and I like to shop late), so I have been going to the Osborn location, which, I don't enjoy as much. But hey, that's just me. Give this place a chance, will ya?
2	Actual shopping trip yesterday afternoon:*Walks to express checkout line with giant tub of Smart Balance imitation butter and places it on non-moving beltway*"Hello, did you find everything you are looking for today?""Yep""Do you have your Safeway card?""Don't have one.""First time here? Would you like to sign up?""Not really, Safeway's are laid out really strange, the shelves are too high and intimidate me, and this place closes ridiculously early.""Oh...the residents around here don't shop very late.""I live around here. And I tried to buy a bottle of wine with a friend here at 10:15 PM last weekend and was turned away. We had to buy a bottle of Pinot Grigio at the Circle K.""Oh, sorry too here that.""That's alright, it was surprisingly tasty. Reminded me of Lollapalooza.""You need any help out of the store?"*Stares blankly at cashier* (I am a strapping 6'3" lad with no obvious physical defects)*Cashier does shifty eye, waiting for response*"I did just buy a tub of butter, right? Did I win something? Or accidentally buy a truckload of potatoes?""No, just seeing if you need assistance." (Maybe he was worried about me when I confessed their high shelves intimidate me?)"Alright then, I'm going to go make some Salmon Baklava then."*Scampers away. Scoffs at posted hours.*
2	They close down their prepared food section way too early, like 6 or 7 PM, which is very annoying.  I've come here a few times with the intention of getting some warm pre-made food and if I get there by 5 I'll be lucky to get something that's been sitting under the heat lamp since noon.  Boo.They have a completely unnecessary Starbucks counter to complement the Starbucks store across the parking lot, and the other one just down the street.I once saw a bunch of homeless guys from the park across the street, stand in the driveway and harass someone in a car trying to pull out of the parking lot.  The security guy just stood there and watched for far too long.I was harassed by some shady looking individual and then followed all the way home.  Super scary.The cashier's are often super slow and not very friendly.But it's closer to my place than the 7th Ave and Osborn store which is significantly nicer so I only go here to pick up something quick.  Luckily, the Osborne store is across the street from the Superstar Video so we can kill two birds at one intersection.
1	This place is a JOKE! I have been shopping here for years since both my current and previous residences make it the closest market to me. They always used to be open until midnight, but nooooo they decided to start closing at 10PM... WTF! I used to always go after work at 10:30 and they would talk about it being the 1030 rush where it would get really busy. What shit for brains thinks it is a good quality idea to close up before your daily rush?Also the place ALWAYS has long lines. It is not that it's really understaffed, it just seems like most of the employees are fucking off somewhwere. I know most of them by name I shop here so much, and they are not a good group of managers. Additionally, they close the deli counter at like 7PM.... seriously, wtf is wrong with this place?Oh and did I mention some illegal (I have proof he was illegal) backed into my car there and the security guard (not a safeway employee but still should maintain professionalism) told me that it looked like it was my fault. Screw you safeway!See you tomorrow.Edit, forgot to add how they are always out of their HOUSE BRAND water. Seems like half the time I go there they don't have it. And yes, I agree with other reviews there are always some hotties in there.
1	after seeing a recent review about this Safeway it reminded me of the last time I shopped there and it made me never want to go back. As I reached the check out line I hear the cashier say out loud "oh not another customer. C'mon there are other lanes open. How come people keep coming into my lane?"Now you could make the assumption that he was joking, but I know he wasn't as because a minute later someone got behind me and he again started complaining. I just couldn't believe this guy was complaining about having to do his job in front of customers and co-workers. It was really rude and unprofessional.Look pal, I don't like to go to work sometimes either but I don't sit and bitch about how I don't want to be there. Another thing, the Starbucks thing is ridiculous. There is already one in the same complex and then they put one inside the grocery store. Did we really need another one?
2	Oh god.. I use to love this place its the closest store to me, and I have my safeway card so I'm good to go.. place is a mess. First the parking lot.. too small for the amount of things going on at this complex, I am shocked that there isn't a daily accident in the parking lot. People are impatient, driving down the middle of the rows instead of one sides.. I just got back from there and I was making my exit and three cars tried to go for my parking spot created a jumble mess, so much so I had to pull back in the spot so they could move.. ugh. Inside the story, they seem to always always be stocking and never seem to be stocked.. When I go I can never fully complete my shopping list, there is always something not stocked so I have to come back or just go with out it.. But today took the cake.. Its just after one in the afternoon, every single row there was at least one person stock, blocking half of the row.. its 1pm! Usually by 1, stores are stocked up, maybe one or two things to go.. There was also a cockroach.. and not to sound snobby but the type of people that tend to go to this on, I feel I need to carry mace or have a buddy.. So I may go back for quick in and out shopping, but for big shopping trips I'll drive out of my to somewhere else.. even with the gas prices..
3	This Safeway is A-OK.  It is just down the street, which is handy.  Wine? Check.  Almond milk?  Check.  Miso paste?  I'd better go to Sprouts.They have the necessities, and a decent wine selection, but not much else.  I usually go to the one up on Osborn instead.
1	This Safeway scares me. Most of the checkers are scary, the shelves are constantly out of stock and the crazy bums that hang around the corner are annoying.Whatever renovation they did failed (although I did win an iPod). I go to this place only when absolutely necessary. The Safeway on Osborn nearly 3 miles away is a helluva lot better choice.WiFi? In a Safeway? This place manages to attract the creepiest people that sit on their laptops. They aren't sipping coffee, and I really don't want to know how they even afforded that Dell they are hunting and pecking away at.
4	HAHA! Oh my poor 2-star Safeway.  By far the WORST Safeway in the greater Phoenix area. But you know what? I'm really glad it's there. True, most of the employees, and especially the night manager, are indeed terrifying. Not so much scary as they are depressed and loathsome of customers.However, they're kind of cute and loveable when they begin to catch on that you frequent their register 8 days a week to buy a cheap ass reisling or a six pack of blue moon, and yes, you are 21, remember? They even try to remember your no-bag policy. No, they will not open another lane, even though there 12 people ahead of me patiently, tenderly cradling various bottles of booze in their arms. It's a habbit of theirs to only keep one checker checkin at night. Lord knows where the other employees lurk at that time.I'll tell you this much about the inventory. The produce is horrendous. The juice section is decent. The booze section is useful. And the artichoke-jalapeno dip is off the chhhhhain!I went here in the day time once (on Thanksgiving!) and it was almost like a real grocery store. Still, I prefer the shadier side of Safeway in the realm of 9:30pm-12am-ish, when sometimes those ubiquitous transient patio table sitters so graciously would  inform me as I cruised by the front that sto' was closed.  But guess what? I'll be slipping through those sliding doors a little more often. And I will be driving thru the Taco Bell across the way a little less often. Because this location is now open 24/7, people. That's right.Confused? Me too. But in my humble opinion it deserves the four because I'm easy to please, easily amused and am just glad that store is where I want it, when I want it.
4	If you people really think that this Safeway is all that ghetto then I'd hate to see your asses try to get by on the east coast...or maybe LA.  Granted, this Safeway does have its share of transients (who overnight at the park across the street), but all in all it's a pretty good grocery store.  For the most part it's clean. They provide those sani-wipes at the front door, and the wine and floral selection is kickin.  On occasion, I've seen some check-out mayhem, but for the most part they do a good job (during daylight hours anyway) of adding checkers when needed and are usually very helpful and pleasant (considering they're being paid minimum wage to do a job that you do yourself at Fresh & Easy or any supermarket on the east coast).I will say I was bummed today when I did 95% of my shopping only to get to the end and find that they had neither the brats, nor Italian sausage I was looking for and i had to make a double grocery excursion to hit up the ghetto Fry's on Thomas.I also have to give this Safeway props, b/c while my fave Starbucks (in the same shopping center) was being renovated, that S'buck's kiosk kept me amped in the AM.
1	We just moved back into the hood from Anthem and man what a BUMMER this Safeway is. I LOVE LOVE LVE LVE LEV LOVE LOOOOVE Safeway. I will drive any distance to shop at a Safeway - what a bummer this is only 1/2 a mile from my house. Went last night and was utterly appalled at the mess of a store I walked into. The aisles were a disaster - product was thrown everywhere or was completely out. I thought this was a grocery store? A place to buy FOOD?One checkout line open and a miserable employee ringing. If I wasn't in the middle of baking dessert at home I would have tossed the ingredients I needed back on the shelves and gotten the hell outta there. Thank GOD the Safeway on Osborn is only a short ride away.
2	This Safeway is ghetto...for Arizona.  There are always security guards hanging around and looking creepy, like maybe they stole the uniforms.  This store is always understaffed and usually only has one or two checkout lanes open when there are 20 people in line.  None of the employees are helpful nor friendly.  The products are all grossly overpriced.  I did a Fresh and Easy comparison in terms of price of a recent trip there and Safeway was a little over double the cost of F&E!  Yikes.  This is a terrible location.  All Safeways are terrible actually.  I don't like paying double and getting half the customer service I get anywhere else.  No thank you!
3	5 stars for the employees, 1 star for the customers who shop here, and have apparently never been through a grocery store check out.I live near by, am in here frequently, the cashiers are always friendly, the pharmacists have been helpful and there is always some stock person around to ask if you've found everything/asking if you need help.  Yeah, the produce is just ok, but isn't that why you shop at the Phoenix Public Market with its bushels and bushels of bountiful fresh produce?!The customers...ugh.  I drive here because its easier then trying to carrying six bags at once.  When I drive, I allow those entering/leaving the store to pass in front of my car.  BUT if you are going to cross in front of my car do it with purpose.  Don't be checking your blackberry or dawdling. Move people!If you are checking out, and have limited funds, double check the price of the celery before getting to the cashier.  Do not make the cashier leave his post so he has to veryify that the celery is $0.12 more expensive then you thought.  If your bill is under $10 please try to pay with fewer then four debit/credit cards.In summation:  shop, pay and get the hell out.
3	Ok, so seriously?  I think the other customers here are conspiring against me.Last week I was in line at rush hour on a weekday.  Trying to purchase 2 things. TWO.  Just as the cashier was about to ring me up, some previous customer comes in and interupts the cashier to let her know that she mistakenly omitted ringing him for one of the five cans of ravioloios that he had purchased.  He requested that she ring him up for the missing can of Chef Boyardee.They both inspected his receipt and went back and forth AND back and forth over whether or not she had or had not charged him.  After all this, she realizes her error, and rings up the lone, sad, rogue can of raviolios.  The price rings as $1.  He starts to argue that it should be $0.75.  No no, the cashier says, that's only for some bulk purchase price.  Dude comes back and says "no, it's $0.75 with the Safeway Card".  Christ, I think I need to up my dose of antidepressants because I seriously could not handle this nonsense.  It took every ounce of sanity within by ample bosom not to shout "JUST DONATE $0.75 TO A LOCAL FOOD PANTRY AND GET THE FUCK OUT".
5	Even though we have moved away from CenPho, my husband and I still use this Safeway Pharmacy. Quite frankly, they provide the very best pharmacy customer service I have ever experienced in my 14 years in the Valley. They know us by name. There have never been any hassles with insurance that they have not dealt with immediately. They communicate. They are fast and they are friendly. As a former Pharmacy Tech, I can tell you that their job can be downright awful sometimes, but we have never experienced anything but great service here. I have used Osco, CVS,and Walgreens in the past and have dealt with lost prescriptions, crappy service, errors on my prescription labels, and other incompetencies . None of that has ever happened at this Safeway Pharmacy. The only thing Safeway Pharmacy has been lacking that the big chains have is the ability to link to all their stores, but Safeway will have that capability soon, I was recently told. If you want both personal and professional service that is quick and error free, then transfer all  your prescriptions from the Walgreens across the street like I did.
3	This is a tiny inner-city store.  The selection is limited, but that's ok, because I do most of my shopping at the Public Market and Trader Joe's.  In my experience, they are responsive about opening another checkstand when the lines get too long.  The cashiers and baggers are friendly and courteous to me.  The customers are an interesting mix.
3	The closest conventional grocery store to where I currently live.  While not the best it meets my needs and keeps me from having to brave the distance to go to Walmart or Target for my other non-food items for the most part.  I also get some of my prescriptions filled here and having a Safeway Card saved me a few bucks that even my insurance could not.  Most of the employees here have been quite courteous and helpful.
1	The ideal customer for this store is someone who is heavily armed and who has the patience of Ghandi. You would need both to safely navigate the waters of this disastrous store.This is the nearest grocer for downtown residents, and it is sad that this store misses the mark by such a huge margin.On any day, the parking lot is covered in grease, coffee, and trash. IF by some miracle you are able to get inside without being hit up for money by tweakers, then the heavens are smiling on you.Once inside the store, your adventure is just starting. The characters inside the store are the inspiration for the bar scene in Star Wars. Very random and sketchy. As far as the contents of the store, to be fair they have all the stuff you need, and at a reasonable price point.The huge problem here, is everything else. During peak hours, they have very few lanes open, that is a consistent failure with this store. Customer service is also dead here, and they just don't know how to take care of customers. I feel as though the broken window theory is at play here. It seems like because they don't take care of the parking lot, and other details, the whole place goes to hell. The store also has a serious shoplifting problem. I'm not sure if they just don't staff the loss prevention unit, or if they are inept, but I have seen at least four episodes where a cashier is confronting a thief. It makes for an unsafe situation for everyone. They do have private security there, and the guys seem really nice, but clearly in over their heads. At this point the store is so far gone, they really need off-duty police officers to make it safe.It really seems like this store just doesn't give a shit. At each opportunity to impress, the complete opposite happens. This place is a huge safety problem, and I would hate to have my sisters or Mom go to this place, it's really that shady. See for yourself, but be on your toes.
4	I do not know what everyone is Safeway giving a hard time about.  I recently moved here from New York City, so perhaps that is why I feel that Safeway is great.The store is very clean and has very fresh fruit and veggies.  Additionally, the weekly circular (which gets delivered to my house) tends to have quite good deals (including $1.99 boneless chicken breast, sometimes, which I definitely hit up!!).  I have never had a problem with finding what I need and the butcher shop is great.  On the East Coast, it seems impossible to find steaks that are nice and thick- good for grilling.
2	I live fairly close to this location so it is just too easy to shop here rather than drive 20 minutes to another location -- although sometimes I wish I had when i see the produce or shady peeps hanging out in the parking lot / "cafe area".The produce is notoriously bad. I don't know how they get away with selling moldy fruits and vegetables. Bottom line -- you can get away with it for most of your groceries (non-perishables). I would go to another store or to your local farmers market for produce items.
4	I don't get what everybody is talking about. Yeah, there are shady characters hanging around, but it's downtown Phoenix. Chances are, if you are shopping here, you live close by....it's kind of sketchy. Thats why they have security guards at the door. Produce and selection are good. I think customer service is what really makes this place great. The guys at the deli counter are really nice. There is always somebody in the produce section. Every employee always asks if I need help. The cashiers are always nice ( Rodney and Mercedes). The baggers are always friendly too. Only complaints... I did see a bag of moldy beef jerky once
1	Can I give this 0 Stars? I guess not. Bottom line, there are no vegetarian options, the produce is really bad, the line was ridiculously long because there was only one cashier in the entire store. I am so disappointed in this Safeway and will not return.
1	I hate this Safeway. I don't even think it's that ghetto, and I've never had a problem with things being out of stock. Even the prices are pretty good.This is the closest grocery store to my house and I try to never shop there if I can help it. The reason? There are NEVER enough cashiers. I have never ever ever ever ever ever gone in and seen more than 2 cashiers working. Why do they even have 10 checkout lines if they're only going to use ONE most of the time? This is one of the only groceries downtown so I don't understand why they would close early(...10pm I think), and have one lonely cashier working during BUSY times. I once came here in the evening around 9 and stood in line for 40 minutes to pay for the one or two things I had bought. I couldn't believe it. That was over 2 years ago, and nothing has changed here, and you KNOW they get complaints about it, but they're obviously not changing anything.You would be better off going to the Bashas or Safeway on 7th Ave & Osborn, or Fresh and Easy on 7th Ave and Indian School. Any time you would have saved driving to the closer grocery store would be more than lost standing in their outrageous checkout lines.
3	They have been making improvements at this location. I just wonder if they realize how much money is actually living in the downtown area? I so wish this store was more like the one at 32nd St & Camelback. I know they can't do much about some of the disgusting people that frequent this store but damn they really do have to do something about the pan handling in the parking lot. If you want a better client base then you got to make sure that they are not disgusted before they ever get into the store.
2	I was a little nervous about shopping here after reading the reviews, but since it was closest to our hotel, we gave it a try.  It was fine. Nothing worse than you'd find in the SF Bay Area. Buck up, little campers. Quit being so stuck up.
2	HANDS DOWN WORST SAFEWAY IN PHX!!!! It is the closest grocer to my home. OMG, Can I ever go there with out the lines going down the aisles!!! Never enough people working, ALWAYS 1-2 CASHIERS each time I have ever gone there. Littered with trash and filth. I would like to not be asked for $$ one time before walking in by the panhandlers of the day. This needs to be addressed, it shoudl not matter that the store is in downtown Phoenix.
1	Come on, Safeway.  You are pretty much the only game in town for downtown right now.  You would think your corporate office would recognize this and remodel and class this place up a bit.  You have people who have money to spend living all over downtown Phoenix now.  The store needs to clean up its act, improve its customer service and cater to a new demographic emerging downtown.  If I had a new better choice downtown, I would never step back in this rundown location.
2	It does not surprise me that there are so many negative reviews for this Safeway. This is the worst staffed Safeway in the valley. I stop here often and it is always the same. Expect extended waits because there are NEVER enough lines open.
4	My review is for the bakery.  Did you know Safeway has a delicious carrot cake?  I ordered a half sheet for an office function.  I arrive at Safeway and the cake is not ready.  The lady who took my order failed to write down what kind of cake I wanted (minus the one-star).  The young woman who ended up helping me was very concerned and apologetic.  She was able to decorate a carrot cake for me farily quickly and did a wonderful job.  Very refreshing to see that some people still take pride in doing a good job.
1	This place makes me nervous just thinking about going there.I have officially decided I am never going back here again. I will drive 15-20 miles to my nearest Sprouts or the Fancy Fry's in Scottsdale before I ever drive 1 mile to get to Safeway.It's that bad.Not only is the parking lot notoriously sketchy with inconsiderate drivers abounding, but there are numerous problems inside the store, as well:1) You walk in to a rather dimly-lighted store, usually with a sour-faced security guard blocking your access to the carts.2) What carts you ask? That's a good question. Several times I have had to grab a handbasket because there were no carts in stock, even though I had a long grocery list to fulfill. I actually saw the cartboys leaning against the cartrails, laughing and having a heck of a time. Look, I get it, it's hot outside and you don't want to get get the carts, but C'MON!3) The first thing you see upon walking in may or may not be a ghetto display of moldy-looking fruit, or on  the 4th of July, a teenage employee roasting hot dogs on a bunsen burner with open containers of ketchup and mustard on a rickety table.4) Venture into the produce section, and you will meander through very difficult twists and turns that your cart may not even fit through. Please, managers, make sure that the spaces between fruit stands are at least cart-width!!!5) The line for the pharmacy extends into the produce area. Enough said.6) Expect for the aisles to have large space-blocking cardboard displays and/or fallen down merchandise and/or an employee restocking items right in the middle of the day. I would say half of the aisles are blocked at any given time.7) Once you have completed your hazardous journey of finding everything on your list, you must enter one of the two checkout lines, which are so long that they become another force blocking the aisleways. Two checkout lines, you say? Yes, only two, despite there being 5 or 6 total checkout lanes. If you are a young lady with any shred of fashion or hygiene, expect to be "checked out" by creepy older men whilst standing innocently in line.8) Your cashier will either be a surly teenage boy or a pregnant teenage girl who does a poor job managing the line and barely gives you the time of day and/or forgets to give you the receipt when you are done. But you are so eager to get out of there, you simply don't care to go back and ask for it.Oh, and there may or may not be trash on the floor.If Safeway as a nationwide brand prides themselves on safety or service, they need to get their corporate people in here to take a look at this store, and either condemn it or fire everyone who works here.It's even more pitiful because they are the closest store to everyone who lives downtown, so they could easily be the most popular.Please, downtown, replace this disgraceful store with a Whole Foods or a Sprouts or a place with a shred of human decency.
2	I called and orders three sandwich platters and a veggie platter for pick up the day before I needed them. I show up and no sandwiches! No order! Nothing! They also wrote pick up time wrong on another order so us two customers were fighting to get our orders made first. On top of it all customer service was rude. Bad experience all around! The only reason for the two stars is for the poor deli staff working furiously to make 100 sandwiches in no time flat.
3	I've gotten use to this safeway after living down the street for a year but it certainly is different than others I've shopped at. Size wise it's tiny. There are only 5 or 6 registers and there's always a line, no matter what time of day. The later at night you go the sketchy the customers get.  I went in for a late night ice cream run once and thought I had entered the Twilight zone.The one thing stopping me from giving it two stars are the employees.  They're always friendly and willing to help.  I can always start up a conversation when checking out.
3	This store generally has what I need. I like the selection of fresh soup meats and fruit they sell. The employees are friendly and always ask if you need help. I remember once an employee was willing to help me at the bakery after hours which was really nice. My only issue is at the checkout and the bagging of my groceries. If I buy anything fragile I always have to separate bagged items before I leave the store. I've had eggs or bread packed with items that shouldn't be bagged together. Cans and eggs in the same bag really? I remember when I worked at Fry's years ago they had a chart on how to bag groceries.
1	I shop here because, it is the only place to get what I need in biking distance.  9 out of 10 times,  I am overcharged.  On my last 2 visits it was for over $4.  I make it a habit to go over my receipt, near customer service to collect my inevitable refund.
1	I have to search long and hard for things in this store that don't expire the day I'm purchasing them. They don't have a lot of the things they offer in their weekly ad, which I try to plan my grocery list around. The lines are always SUPER long. The store is always dirty. I keep telling myself I'll go to another store but there isn't another one in the 'hood to go to, so I'll need to make a better plan to head further away for a better experience in another chain. I've tried to talk to assistant managers about my issues at the store and have been blown off or they act afraid and stutter a lot. The only good news: The gentlemen that bag groceries and collect carts are VERY nice and helpful.
2	This is Safeway's local 'urban footprint' store - a mere half acre under roof with a tiny 9/10 acre parking lot in front. They even have a useless bicycle stand jammed up against their back fence - useless because you can't fit any size wheel base between the rack and the fence it's jammed up against.They used to know how to design urban footprint stores - there's a building still used as a grocery store that started life 80 years ago as one of the first Safeways - at 10th Street and Pierce - only 1 mile away.
2	I know this is just a grocery store but I have never had such an unpleasant experience at any other grocery store.  The employees were not helpful in locating the items I needed and their selection is limited.  I never get asked if I found everything ok.  Also upon my first visit there when asked if I had their preferred shopper card and I said no because I just moved to the area. At that point I was not offered the option of obtaining a card so that I could enjoy their preferred pricing on items.   If I had the option of a different grocery store closer I would definitely avoid this store.
3	Kind of crowded right now.
3	This Safeway is not GREAT, but I'm really happy it's in this location because it's only about 2 miles from my house and is the closest grocery store in the vicinity. If it closed down, it'd be really inconvenient for me to get my groceries.The pros are that the produce section is usually nicely stocked, and that's where I buy the bulk of my groceries.I will echo the suggestions other reviewers made that they need to open more checkout lines during the busy times.  However, I usually go on a weekday night or a Saturday night when it's not busy, so I never have to wait in line for that long.The free wifi is nice, but kind of useless.  Who spends enough time in a grocery store to lounge around and surf the internet?Another useless section is the cosmetics.  They don't carry enough of a selection to make it worthwhile and the price is a lot higher than what you'd pay at Walgreens, which is right across the street.  I can't imagine a ton of ladies are buying their cosmetics there.They are getting better at not allowing non-customers to loiter in the parking lot.  I haven't been approached for money or anything by anyone there in a long time. I feel pretty safe shopping there at night because there is always a security guard at the entrance and I park near the entrance.
2	The problem with this Safeway is there are only a total of 7 cash registers for the entire store. They are obviously more concerned with stocking shelves than getting customers through the line. It's not uncommon to wait in line for 15 minutes. The store is kept clean and they have the essentials, but for the location (which is the only "downtown" store), they just aren't cutting it with their line management.
1	Unfortunately, this Safeway is a few blocks from my house. I've been coming here for 3 years and never had any issues here besides the occasional person asking for money in the parking lot. Being the sucker that I am, I usually give it to them. Today was different. As I waddled my pregnant self towards the cashier with my antsy 16 month old in tow, I noticed the cashier giving me a death stare. Whatever, I shrugged it off. We all have bad days. Then, as I started to pay, she said to the little girl with her mom behind me, "Oh good you only have a few items because this is supposed to be an express lane." With another death stare aimed in my direction. As I looked up, I noticed the 20 items or less sign. I apologized and was only met with more attitude. The little girl behind me asked if she did something wrong and the cashier said "Oh no honey YOU did nothing wrong." I went home and counted my items. There were 22.It was an honest mistake but the way the cashier handled the situation was totally out of line. All because I got into the wrong lane by accident with two items over the limit.
5	This Safeway is so good.  These people with the bad reviews need to take their bad attiudes somewhere else.  Everyone is ALWAYS so friendly - I visit here nearly every day since the store is near my workplace.  Jesus the check out dude is the best.
3	I'm still adjusting to this location because in comparison to my Scottsdale Fry's it's kind of a dud.  Overall, it's not a bad spot.  I mean hell, it's less than a mile from my house so who am I to complain..The only reason I say it's a dud...it's not as sparkly and clean as I'm used to.  They have a fabulous flower selection and let's face it that's my favorite part of a grocery.  I LOATHE grocery shopping.  I will drive a bit out of my way to go to Trader Joe's for the majority of my food.  But for the little things I need to grab (and flowers) I will pop into this store.  Convenience is key. :)
3	This Safeway is okay for a quick stop in broad daylight (I wouldn't visit at night, just doesn't feel very safe - even w/the rent-a-cop at the entrance).I ran in this morning and grabbed a few things and items appeared well-stocked and zoned nicely.I was a bit surprised that there were 2 longer lines to check-out. Does it really "peak" at 8am on a weekday? Hmmmm...
1	What the hell is that smell inside the store? I was in there at the beginning of June...and it smelled like the sewer came up into the store.....I didn't think much of it...until two nights ago....although the smell was not as strong...its still there! My GF thinks I talked myself into smelling it again.....but I do not think that is the case. Its bad enough I don't feel safe for my GF to shop there....but it has to smell like poo too?
2	This probably the worst grocery store I've ever been to. It's constantly packed with usually only 2 cashiers helping patrons and as soon as you walk in it honestly smells like crap. I gave it 2 stars because at least the deli people have always been friendly and there isn't much for grocery stores in the downtown area. If you can avoid shopping here  do it you won't regret it
3	Its a grocery store.  It isn't AJ's, and it isn't food city.  Its clean, you can find what you are looking for, the staff is friendly.  Its a grocery store.  The lines are long during evening rush hour, like all grocery stores, and at sometimes during the weekend when for whatever reason lots of people show up at once, but they call help to open another lane, like every grocery store...There is a pharmacy, a deli, a meat/fish counter...  The wine selection and the coffee selection are both good.  The prices are ok, but you do well with sale items.It is what it is, and I would be VERY SAD if it wasn't there!Cheers,D
2	My experience definitely was not favorable, but it was not the worst I've ever had. It's always annoying when I go to the grocery store and it appears there are several associates available, there are long lines (10 min waiting time) and there are several registers that aren't being utilized. The reason I decided to get Yelpy on this occasion is because my experience was with the Store Manager. There were long lines, I had 2 items, I saw the manager cashing out a customer, however the light was out at his register, so I asked him if his line was open. The 1st time I asked, he either couldn't hear me or was ignoring me, so I asked again and he replied "yes" (with a tone to his voice, like duh). The way he responded gave me a sour feeling about the customer service. I was thinking, since he was so matter of the fact, being that he was CLEARLY open, he should've turned on the light at his register to indicate that he was open and let the patient customers at his store know that he could help the next person.
3	This store falls in the middle of the range, though not bad considering its urban downtown location. It's often very busy and parking can be a challenge during peak hours.The clientele can be somewhat sketchy depending on the time you go.Selection seems to be pretty good and well stocked, although the store feels a little cluttered and disorganized.I ordered a sandwich at the deli which was an at least 25 minute experience.. Very slow going, but the sandwich was delicious. They just seemed to be really understaffed at the deli location.
1	Unfortunately it's not getting the award for being the most clean or most organized. But it seems to be quite busy. So busy that you  might find a regular finishing off his blueberry bagel while "shopping" for groceries (how embarrassing is that!)
1	Honestly the worst place in every shopped and completely over priced I've always tried avoiding coming here milk is much cheaper at Walgreen's and circle k and the staff is really rude, honestly if they ever have any good advertised deals I just get it at Walmart
