4	I must admit that I hate shopping. I get especially stressed out during the Christmas season. There's that delicate balance in my universe where I don't want to break the bank but at the same time knowing that I am being judged for an eternity by my wife on the gift that I choose for her.This is where Michael Kors comes to the rescue. My daughter once again helped me with this gift idea (see my Tiffany's review) as we brainstormed over the phone. We finally settled on a purse which my daughter emailed me a picture off the website. So I went to the store with a picture in hand which made the transaction very painless, except for the visa charge.At first, I thought I entered an exclusive nightclub. Because these sales ladies where all dressed up and looking fine in their evening wear. The salesperson even was walking around with the purse to give me an idea on what it would look like. She also tried to sell me a bunch of other stuff too. But I told her I wasn't prepared to deplete their entire inventory in one trip. They gifted wrapped it in a very nice box and a fancy bag. I wouldn't hesitate to return to Michael Kors in the future.
4	This designer shop lines up with lots of luxury designer shops along the air conditioned corridors of Fashion Square.  A friend asked me to scout the latest of Michael Kors' bags.  Got some lovely choices for her.  But it seems that the staff is commissioned.  That makes for an uncomfortable, subtle kind of salesperson aggression during any visit.  ew.
5	Great customer service.
4	I'm not into name brands, generally. I go for quality and things that I fancy as cute. But I'd recently learned that Michael Kors offered non-leather bags (as well as leather) made with PVC, a vegan-friendly material (also available in some BMW models, in case you wanted to know. ;)), so I decided to stop in while Xmas shopping. I was promptly greeted by Melissa (if I recall correctly).  I advised what I was looking for and she showed me to my desired selections. She was professional and inquired about my budget and price range without sounding condescending.  I selected my purchases and she went to the back to pick out "fresh" ones for packing.  I was surprised to find that my PVC tote didn't come with a duster.  The other purchase did come with a duster though. I don't understand why one came with a duster bag and the other one didn't, but I didn't ask either. The prices were very decent, and they also had up to 50% off of certain bags (not the PVC bags though). The cashier (different from the saleslady) who rang me up started stripping my bags of their protective packaging without asking.  When I advised her that I wanted to keep it, she proceeded to take a bag from the trash. HELLO! I don't want that bag from the trash! What the?? That's the only thing which kept me from rating this a 5-star establishment.
1	My husband and I went to that store in the last 2 weekend. I found a bag I like but they just have only one left on displayed shelf. They offered to ship the new one to my house, after giving them and filled all the info: address, card # to their form. It's 10days and I have not heard or receive any emails from them about my order. I will never shop to this store again. Bad service!!!!!
