4	Interesting 'local' style market concept. Features freshly made deli style cheese, grape leaves etc.  Pretty good coffee.  A little pricey. Breakfast & Lunch.
2	This place has mega-potential. I think their intention is to be a local market. I love that idea. Their location is ideal: 1 mile east of Road Runner Farmers Market. I wish they could tap into the vendors there and stock the shelves with local goods. The staff was courteous and the environment was clean. Menu items range from $5.45 for a breakfast sandwich to $10.95 for pot roast or "Thanksgiving Anytime." I ordered the turkey feta asparagus pita ($8.95) -- it was ok but someone forgot the asparagus... Seriously, it's a 5-star concept and location. It's not executed, though. Meats, for example, are Boar's Head. I happen to like Boar's Head product, but it's not local, which the "Farm Market" billing suggests. With the Pork Shop, the Meat Shop and Schreiner's -- even Pork on a Fork, which is at the Road Runner Saturday market -- to choose from, Bon Terra "Farm Market's" offerings are no different from your standard grocery store.
3	I just called their number and it's disconnected.  Drove by yesterday and it seems to be closed.
1	I agree with the previous reviewer. It seems like a great concept but not executed well. It seemed barely surviving when I went in there with a few token scrawny pieces of organic produce, but the rest was pretty much stuff I could find at any grocery store. Cans of Coca Cola? Really?
3	I had a buy one get one free coupon from the restaurant/store last month.   I ordered the gyro platter and a Greek salad.  The food was very good.  The gyro was exceptional.  It was cooked absolutely right - not burnt or too full of salt.  The salad too was made well and was tasty. In addition, I ordered cured olives in oil and vinegar and Greek style strained yogurt to go.  Both were homemade and simply excellent in taste.The atmosphere is slightly schizophrenic.  The store acts as a coffee house, restaurant and farmer's market all at the same time.  The problem is that they do not necessarily do any one of these things well.  The store opens at 8:00 a.m. which is too late for me to grab a coffee on my way to work.  A coffee shop needs to be open by a least 7:00 a.m. during this work week.  The prepared food and restaurant food are high quality and delicious, but the atmosphere in the store is not conducive to sitting down and relaxing.  The farmer's market and fresh selections are high quality, but limited in selection.I really like this place, but it seems like it is trying to be all things to all people.  I tried to call BonTerra yesterday, but no one answered.  When I stopped by the mall it appeared closed.  I believe that the opened in November 2010, about 60 days or so ago.  They appear closed.  Too bad!
