5	Yay!  Another place to add to the breakfast rotation!  With the BF residing in North Phoenix, there are not that many options when it comes to finding a good breakfast spot in the area.  So, when we were craving a hearty meal last Sunday morning, we went on a mission (to Cave Creek) to find somewhere new to add to our existing rotation of Kashman's, The Good Egg, The General Store, and Einstein's Bagels.  We found it at Oak's!  Unfortunately, we aren't the only ones that found it...The place was packed when we walked in, but it was the kind of packed where it's a good sign!  It was warm and cozy with a positive energy in the air.  We put our name on the list and the hostess brought us both coffee.  Jared, being the aggressive guy he is, found us two seats at what Oak's considers their bar (I think), so we ended sitting there instead of waiting for a table.  Ice waters arrived immediately and the menu had all kinds of eggs, pancakes, waffles, French toast, and more.  I ordered the harvest (wheat) pancakes along with an egg white omelet - yes, they have egg whites too!  Jared went with the French toast and ate my hash browns.  Everything was served with melt in your mouth butter and syrup.  We cleaned our plates, it was that good!Needless to say, we've agreed to add Oak's to the breakfast rotation.  If you don't mind the trek to Cave Creek, go check it out for yourself.  With a huge menu of items to choose from, there is something for everyone... kid friendly too!
5	I'm staying at the Care Free Resort and find the resort's restaurant to be overpriced. I based my decision to go here for breakfast on the 1 review before mine and it did not disappoint.the waitress there  is super friendly and welcoming, she's a great person to chit chat with and ask for advice on what to do where to go. The food is pretty darn good! If you're looking for a good, affordable breakfast menu, this is the place to go. Pancakes, eggs, toast, biscuits & gravy, omlets, etc. . .You can't go wrong!
5	I LOVE Oak's Diner!  Besides the excellent breakfast chow the staff is incredible.  Everyone here is always bright and cheerful...which is always a great way to start the day.  My wife loves the omelet's because they have lots of fresh veggies.  I like the Chicken Fried Steak and Eggs.  They have a great selection of breakfast overall.  If you have the time they even make Apple Pancakes.  The bottom line is my family always feels good and is smiling when we walk out the door!
5	Clearly I have been living under a rock for the 2 years that we have lived just 6a few miles from this gem because we never even knew it existed!The husb and I are big breakfast people and back in ATL, we had TONS of breakfast joint options.  Here in North Scottsdale - not so much.   The husb and our friend Matt are training for a triathalon and decided that after their bike ride, they were going to run down through Cave Creek at which point myself and Matt's wife would meet them for some breakfast at Oaks.We were seated immediately and glasses of ice water were instantly brought - good thing because the guys were dying of thirst.  They also had Vitamin Water which made the husb happy.  The menu had tons of options for typical diner fare.  I ordered scrambled egg whites and pancakes (my weakness).  Husb asked for eggs and a grilled chicken breast which wasn't on the menu but they were happy to oblige.The food was so delicious that  I actually got kind of nostalgic for Jersey and the Manalapan Diner on Route 9.  I judge a breakfast place by their eggs and I was not disappointed one bit!  My egg whites were light and fluffy and not the least bit greasy.  Husb said that his chicken breast was perfect as well.  Our friends were very happy with their meals as well.  Top it off with the fact that Oaks is inexpensive and my Sunday was made!  We will be back - soon :)
5	Overall: I love this place!!! Its always crowded but its great for people watching! There are sloppy people, fancy people, athletic- just-got-off-my Cannondale bike-people, motorcycle people, old people, young people, famous people. You name it.The food is awesome, especially the homemade corned beef hash! Ask for a side of gravy!!!! Eggs are awsome. Husband LOVES their pancakse and crepes.Service is great. Servers look like older bike chics and they call youhoney and darlin and I love that! Always topping off your coffee.  We are always stuffed after we go. You can sit outside with your dogs.The place is not fancy at all and looks like they decorated using everything from a couple garage sales (which they probably did)but I just love it. They are famous for their German Pancakes too. They could give you more than one sausage with the Sunshine plate but oh well.I love it. PS They are always taking collections for the owners dog that needs eye surgery but I have a feeling they have been collecting this money for some time now and if the dog needed surgery, she better of had it by now!!Afterwards go visit Elvis the camel and his friend,! Drive west on carefree highway, make a right on 7th Ave, and go a few blocks until you see the camels on your right. Feel free to park and go pet them and say hi!! The owner doesnt mind at all, just dont feed him. Camels have sensitive stomachs! Unlike me!!!
5	Stellar!Stellar Service!And - be sure to remember - if you show up and its packed - look to your left when you walk in - the "faux-counter" is always open!Huge Menu-Great for hangover breakfast!Mercy - fabulous waitress!Get the Baked Apply Frenchtoast - the 20 minutes to make are totally worth it - your coffee cup will remain hot and full!
5	Oak's buttermilk pancakes, how do I love thee?Let me count the ways.I love thee to the depth and breadth and heightMy soul can reach, when feeling out of sightFor the ends of Buttery Richness and ideal taste.I know not how they achieve the salty, creamy, sweet flavor of these humble-looking flapjacks. The perfect crispy brown exterior gives way to reveal the perfect middle that is neither too cakey nor too thin. No need for additional butter and one considers foregoing even the cheap supermarket syrup which rather detracts from the beautiful perfection of the cakes. I can't speak for any of the other menu items aside from the fried eggs I order with my pancakes-- perfectly fine, by the way. Just go for the pancakes and forget everything else. Maybe I can smuggle some warm maple syrup in next time I dine there. Hmmm....
5	This place has the most amazing Blueberry Pancakes! They are soooo good, with real, plump blueberries dropped right into the batter! Why this is so amazing to me is that I have never, ever, seen blueberry pancakes served like this in a restaurant ANYWHERE in AZ. Normally, blueberry pancakes come with the overly sugary blueberry compote that is used in pies, dumped on top of greasy flapjacks. They make the pancakes like I do at home.I could eat this dish every Sunday, because that is when Oak's serves breakfast ALL DAY! They are open everyday from 7 a.m. - 2 p.m.
4	Dirt parking lot leads you to this place which is offset from the road and not easily observed unless you knew where you were going.  The booths are oak of course, with a few ordinary tables set up towards the back as well.  Service was very, very slow but friendly.  At first I was ignored (nearly ready to walk out), then was unable to place my order after having the menu for a considerable period of time.  Buttermilk pancakes were among the better ones I've had in Arizona.  They were golden brown, light and moist on the inside, but also had enough weight to them for adequately soaking up the butter and syrup.  Menu offers a very diverse range of breakfast items, including oven pancakes.I'll give them another chance in case the service was an anomaly, and it did help that my server was convincingly apologetic.  Review score is largely based on the pancakes.
3	Food was good. Clam chowder was too runny and lacked clams. Service was friendly but slow after the initial order. Perhaps I'll sit inside next time.I'll be back, but not before I try a few other places in the area..
1	Always looking for good breakfast fare so I brought my wife and two young children based on Yelp reviews and what a disappointment. Menu items were expensive for a hole in the wall place with no ambiance and NO air conditioning (outside temp was about 90) so it was uncomfortable inside. My breakfast hash was dry and little more than chopped corned beef, biscuits (homemade and good) and gravy (gluey and I could taste the flour) overall they were mediocre. My son had crepes which were horrible and a juice glass sized chocolate milk ($2.50). My daughter had french toast which could have easily come from a box. The bright spot was my wife's egg white omelet which she liked very much. My wife and I shared her side of flapjacks and we expected more from a place that includes it their name. Another bright spot was our waitress. BTW the oven was broken so the two house pancake specialties were not available. Total bill for breakfast was $48.00 not including tip. Hate to say it but I would have been happier at IHOP and I hate IHOP.
4	Had breakfast at this establishment on Valentines day this year.  All around a entertaining and enjoyable experience. Our server was energetic, happy, hilarious and attentive. The food was spot on as well, I am not sure the last time I was compelled to order a chicken fried steak and eggs at 10:00 am but after a little encouragement from our server I took the leap, and I am glad I did. I am not sure if they were the best ever, but they were very close. The steak had a well seasoned batter and was very good, My eggs over easy were perfectly prepared, and and believe it or not my meal came with three delicious light and fluffy pancakes. My girlfriend, had the biscuits and gravy and they were well above average, light flakey crust, and delicious gravy. Oak's is a perfect location for the home style breakfast of your dreams, but Oaks does not provide me with memories of its ambiance, if you are looking for eggs with a view, look elsewhere.
5	Great little diner, divey little place with amazing food and I always love our waiter or waitress.  "you want some more coffee sugar??" haha anyways I love coming here for a easy breakfast, you have to try the german pancakes, it takes 20 mins for them to bake so tell them when they take your drink orders and then by the time everyone else's' orders come out it's ready!  I've never had anything other than breakfast here so I think I'll have to give that a try in the future.
4	How cute is this place?!It's a bit of a hike to Cave Creek, but we wanted a change from our regular routine.We headed to the Oak's Diner on a Sunday morning-not too crowded and we were told to seat ourselves.Very friendly waitress and plenty of seating. Feels like a diner for sure.Great menu and very reasonably priced.
5	I love this place! The service is good and the food is great! The pancakes are amazing! I love the blueberry pancakes and pecan pancakes so much! I also love the southwest omelet which comes with hash browns and two pancakes which I usually add blueberry or pecan to, depending on what flavor pancakes I want that day. This place is great for Breakfast but don't be surprised if you have to wait to find a seat because this place can get very busy, and that doesn't surprise me since the food is absolutely amazing!
2	We were hoping to find a good spot for breakfast on the far north side of town.  All of the good ones, aka Over Easy, Matt's Big Breakfast, etc are all south bound for us to drive.  Oak's Diner & Flapjacks was recommended to us by a local in Cave Creek.  It seemed busy enough, so our new breakfast adventure was a foot!This place has a an older dinner vibe to it with loads of locals, you can tell by the hugs at the door when peeps walked in.  We were directed to a booth and told, "I'll be right with you".  At times these are the words I fear the most especially when places are busy.  Well, 15 minutes later I had to ask for service.  (I wasn't giving up on this place)  Someone showed up and took our order. I ordered an all American-guy kind of breakfast - heavy/greasy and full of carbs!  I had eggs, hash browns and corn beef hash and a side of (according to their menu) award winning flapjacks.  My wife went healthy and order egg white omelet with spinach and a side of fruit.  My son had a stack of flapjacks.  We got our meal fast however we were grossed out by our server when we got our food.  She had the dirtiest hands I've ever seen on a woman, eeyuu gross!! Food:~ Eggs were fine, hard to mess up eggs~ corn beef hash was like saw dust with no potatoes... Very dry and dust-like ~ Hash browns were very basic and plain. ~ Their flapjacks tasted, meh - Pillsbury or Betty Crocker taste as good or better.  End result of our breakfast adventure in Cave Creek is meh, still looking for a good breakfast place on the north end.
5	Granted, I had a simple sandwich, but what makes a simple sandwich into an "experience" is the staff, who was tremendous!I was here for the Cave Creek Wicked Pet Costume Contest.  These people could have been irritated by our "special requests," but instead were so very gracious!  My first request was water...totally free, yet served as though I had ordered it with a full meal.  My second request was lemonade...and the server served it with a smile and an offer to provide free refills.  My third request was lunch, a BLT.  The server offered to bring it to me in my booth outside!  When she brought it to me (quickly, I might add), she even remembered to bring the ketchup for my fries!  And finally, on my last visit inside, they were already closed, but she offered to bring me a fresh water anyway.  How great is that!!!?
3	Food was not too bad except eggs were a little less than over med and they buttered my toast which I had asked them not to do. I was served my food quickly infact probably a little too quickly because that's when the details get over looked.It's a hustling staff in the am though and nice setting.Next time Ill try the flap jacks :-(
4	This is one of my favorite breakfast places. Also must be many other people's, too...because they get busy on the weekend mornings! It's nothing fancy - down home, home-cooked food. Heavy on the grease, the carbs, and everything else we probably aren't supposed to eat. But they have healthier choices also. What makes this place is definitely the service. It wouldn't matter if I went in every week or once every several months, they make you feel like they remember you every time! Very friendly, quick and efficient. The servers seem to always be the same, and they have impressive skills when you consider how busy they are from the time they open, through the lunch hour. Prices are certainly reasonable, and the portions are large. Every time we've made special requests when ordering, they've been executed flawlessly. If there are any events going on in Cave Creek or Carefree, prepare for the place to be busy.
5	Entered the restaurant and the server made my group comfortable my shaking our hands and complimenting my daughter's outward beauty.  Breakfast was excellent (Cave Creek Omlette, fruit, and Flapjacks). More smiles than excuses makes this one special diner.
5	This is just a good ole spot to hit up for breakfast. Nothing fancy or shiny, just solid food from the eggs and pancakes to the constantly fresh cup of coffee and polite, attentive service gets me coming back again and again.Yes it is a little bit off the beaten path (unless your path cuts right through Cave Creek) but worth the drive in a town where great little breakfast spots are far and few between. I have never had a bad experience here and plan on having many many more in the future. The place is priced right, the portions are generous without being excessive and there is a good amount of variety on the menu. It is casual and family oriented, and the service by committee gets the job done. If you are looking for a good breakfast spot and you are within a half hour drive, I say make the drive and have some breakfast goodness at Oak's.
3	I went here on yelp reviews and was impressed, but a little disappointed.  My family generally goes to the Good Egg on a religious basis for breakfast, so the competition was tough.  The staff is very genuine and kind and the breakfast menu features basic down to earth breakfast items- very American Traditional (pancakes, eggs & sausage).  I will go again when I'm splurging on fat and carbs- great location for that!
3	Good pancakes. Eggs and breakfast burrito I would say are just ok. Not sure why all the rave reviews.
4	We love this homey diner tucked into the old west backdrop of Cave Creek that serves up delicious moist pancakes on their own or accompanying any other entree. It's also a fun place to people-watch as you will see all kinds dropping in for their morning fill-up! I always get a good belly laugh when I look around the room! Sometimes the service is a little slow to start, but it is basically seat yourself so when they are busy, I can understand it being difficult to figure out who just sat down. No worries . . . once you order up, you're in great hands! The servers are friendly and patient (especially when I have a difficult time making up my mind) . . . and they always have lots of newspapers to read if you're sitting at the counter! The choices are plentiful and so are the portions! As many times as I have been here, I still haven't gotten up the nerve to order the oven baked apple pancake, but it looks and smells so yummy! I'll need a full six-top of friends and family to help me with it . . . but I will someday (hopefully sooner than later)! The omelettes are also cooked to perfection and when I ask for my hash browns well . . . I get them very well, thank you. Not only is Oak's Diner and Flapjacks a great place for breakfast, but it's also a fun way to start off your day exploring the Old West of Cave Creek!
5	There is nothing chic about this place but don't be put off by the truck stop charm.  The service is great thanks to a delightful waitress named Candice.  The pancakes are sooooooo good!  The first time I had the full breakfast (eggs, bacon, hashbrowns & pancakes).  Every time since then I have only ordered pancakes...They are simply too good.  I don't even usually like pancakes...I never order them any where else.  Other nice thing is they let me bring my own small portion of real maple syrup!
3	Good food, good service. Nice place.
1	I went here with my family on a Sunday morning about 930am. The place was pretty packed but we got a table fast. We waited over 30 mins to have our drink order taken. Inexcusable by my book. Once we ordered our food it took another hour for our waiter to get it out to us. I got the chicken fried steak & eggs & it was not very good. The gravy had sat so long it had a skin filmed over It. Disgusting. The hashbrowns were either too burnt or to soggy & I had to drench them in ketchup. My glass was empty by 1/2 threw & was never refilled. My mom had to go up & refill her own coffee because the waiter was so not on top of things. I would never go here again. I don't see what the fuss is about. Id much rather any day go to "the place" in glendale.
4	I am from Chicago and have enjoyed awesome Breakfast eats, such as the Original Pancake House, Walker Brothers and Burnt Toast.  Since moving to Scottsdale 2 months ago, I have yet to find a good place to eat breakfast.  My husband and I decided to look for a place in Cave Creek to eat, since we love the atmosphere in this town.  We ate outside and my husband had biscuits and gravy that were 6-10 stars, a little bland.  He had a King Kong omelette that was ok, but it was hot and fresh.  I had the German Pancake, and had to wait 20 minutes (but they warn you ahead of time).  This pancake was absolutely delicious.  The pancake is crispy on the outside and soft in the inside.  It is served with fresh lemon, syrup, butter and powered sugar.  I also had the corned beef hash, which was very dry and overly salty.  I wouldn't recommend it.  The service was friendly, but if you sit outside it may take a while for them to greet you.  I'd definitely eat here again.  They also let you bring your dogs if you sit outside!
4	The homemade cornbeef hash for breakfast was delish!  The customer service was outstanding!  We will dine again.
3	This is a classic greasy spoon dinner. If you like huge portions of standard breakfast fare (omelets, pancakes, waffles), this will hit the spot.  Our big complaint was the coffee. Very very weak. They said that they just got a new supplier for coffee and blamed the watery brew on this.  They were nice enough to take our coffee (which we didn't drink) off the bill.
4	My husband (the sexy beast, that he is) and I got up to early on a sunday and decided to sneak out for breakfast instead of  the entire family tagging along. Mean? Heck no! It's rare when we can get away ourselves and talk! Anyhooo back to the review.It was a nice drive for us, not to far from NW Glendale, and not a lot of traffic. After reading the reviews, I was afraid the place would be packed when we finally got there around 7:30 am. Nope. We were able to choose our booth and a guy came over and handed us menus and utensils right away. It was a toss up between the spinach and artichoke omelette with holandaise or the the cave creek omelette with bacon,jack cheese and avocado. We went with the later and asked for our hash browns crispy and subbed out blueberry pancakes for 2.00 more than the buttermilk pancakes that came with the omelette. We also ordered the apple pancake and planned on sharing everything.The apple pancake does take about 20 minutes, and they let us know so we would not wonder. Our server was an Asian (Korean, I am assuming the owner) lady, that was not wearing the standard red shirt everyone else was. She was very polite and took care of us without being overly attentive. I like that. I want my drinks re filled when needed and asked once during my meal if everything is fine. But I don't like when servers come around constantly. So this was good.  The food arrived with good timing. My husband loved the omelette, I thought it was ok. Next time I want to try the spinach. I am not big on avocado in my eggs. But thats just me.  The omelette was cooked perfectly and the hash browns that came with it were crispy, but not burned. And not greasy! EXACTLY the way I like them! The blueberry pancakes were very good. Large fresh blueberries. I do like more blueberries in mine, but my husband thought they had enough. Now, the masterpiece was the Apple Pancake. OMG. I LOVED it. Custardy, fruity, cinnamony (is that even a word?) crunchy on the outside and soft and not overly sweet on the inside. I could eat this as a dessert! The coffee was standard restaurant coffee. Tasted fine to me. Not gourmet, but not bad.  I would go back again. And I can see this being in a regular rotation with Ronnie's in Glendale. I did take a star off because I felt for the breakfast items it was a bit pricey. The place is nothing fancy, but that adds to the charm. It was clean and easily accessible and plenty of parking. Our service was good and so was the food! Good grub!
4	Good breakfast place in Cave Creek. Just off the main drag. Rustic western diner ambience with friendly staff. We sat outside on the side porch with a view of Black Mountain. Food is all-American diner. Good portions. Excellent pancakes. I'd become a regular at this place if I was a local.
5	Cool place for breakfast.  Breakfast burrito was fantastic.
4	First time here.  Got the blueberry pancakes. They were very good. And they have grits.  I will be going back for sure
2	Strange. I posted before about great blue berry cakes. Today 3 pancakes and maybe 10 blueberries in all. Sad.  I will try again but I will be cautious and reiterate what I want. Friendly  service but forgot lots of requests
3	I had pancakes, eggs over easy and ham. The eggs and pancakes were great, I would pass on the ham. Not enough servers.
5	I had a craving for pancakes and had read many good reviews about Oak's pancakes so I decided to drive up to Cave Cree and try them.Upon entering the not so busy restaurant, I was greeted by the lovely owner Oak, who told me to sit wherever  would like.  I got there by 12:30 pm and there was plenty of room...Looking at their comprehensive menu that lists both breakfast and lunch items, I noticed they had crepes on their menu and decided to give them a try instead of the pancakes  was dreaming about.Well, my choice was excellent. I ordered the crepes with blueberries and they were scrumptious. It came as an order of three crepes and  I could really tell that the batter was made from scratch. The crepes were served rolled up with blueberries inside and they were honestly to die for.I was almost tempted to order another set but the owner Oak funnily sad to me: "Oh no, don't do that, you'll be too full."Oak the owner was a sweetheart and queried whether it was my first time there.I replied no that I hadn't been there and nearly six years to which she replied: "How come you haven't been here in that long ? Come back okay!  She was delightful with her Korean accent.The service was marvelous and the coffee was also delicious. Enjoy a bottomless cup for $ 1.95. Definitely will be back and that time I will try the blueberry pancakes for sure.
4	I'm giving it four stars cause the food was great, but the service was a little slow.
2	Just okUnderstaffed and service is very so-so.  Food is very average and typical of a Denny's.
3	We sat out on the patio on a Saturday morning and it was so peaceful. I had the Atkins carb friendly breakfast so I'm gluten free. The turkey sausage was tasty but extra greasy. Pretty decent. My husband got bacon and eggs. Personally I thought his bacon was amazing because it wasn't burnt and it wasn't dripping. For a breakfast spot it wasn't too shabby and I probably would come here again.
1	I am shocked that this place is still in business! The waitress was new, give her a break but wow it kept getting worse. It took forever to get drinks and food, when we got our food it was not the right stuff and they forgot some. I had a hair in my hashbrowns as well. Another waitress came to help, which was their own saving grace. I will never eat here again! Yikes!
2	We used to come here all the time. Before the prices got higher, the portions got smaller, and the quality of food and service went down. We visited here a few weeks ago for my birthday weekend, we had a new girl who worked there. Ok, no problem, but wow it was a little rough. We told her we were ready to order and she took our menus and walked away. The things we always get there were cold, and not very good. The bill was of course $35 for 2 people, and waited up front for a solid 5 minutes before the guy came to ring us up.I would much rather head to another breakfast place in cave creek. We will not be coming bad, which is sad because we used to come here every Saturday morning.
5	We had Casey as our waitress and she was absolutely delightful! Wonderful service and the perfect cave creek experience.
3	Not bad, but nothing to rave about. I got pecan pancakes with a side of sausage links. Both were ok and pretty standard. My mother got the sunrise breakfast I think it was called? She liked it. My toddler daughter got some little silver dollar pancakes which she actually ate some of, so I call that a success. Service was prompt and friendly. Overall it's a solid place, just not stellar.
4	If I am driving from Buckeye to Cave Creek on a sunday morning so that my wife can have her favorite pancakes... 'Nuf said!
1	Baked apple pancake was horrible ... Not worth the wait . Nothing was fresh  ..,no flavor
5	Love this place. Come here once in a while for breakfast and we all love it. The German pancake is delicious!
3	The food at Oak's is great.  Love the pancakes and the hash brown potatoes,the eggs are good too.  Service is fine. The only bad thing is that the coffee tastes like hot water.   If the coffee had been good I would have given them 4 stars.
4	Wish I could give 4.5 stars.  Quaint little spot in Cave Creek with very pleasant and expeditious service.  We came specifically for the Dutch Apple Pancake.  What a delicacy!  More of a dessert than a breakfast.  I thought it was perfectly done--and not too sweet or overpowering.  Their other menu items look great as well.  Everyone was very professional and happy.  Definitely be back!
3	It is not a bad place at all. I love the small town feel it gives you when you are seated. Kinda of like sitting in a bigger version of Lara ingels mother's restaurant on little house on the prairie. But anyways the chicken fried steak is awesome especially with the sausage gravy yum. The rest kinda bland but if you survey the normal clientele you will understand why ( old enough to be little house extras). But all in all not a bad place at all just will not be my go to but may return.
3	Our first time trying this cute little eatery, and will eat here again. I had the Cave Creek omelet. Being a Southern California girl, I loved the fact it was loaded with fresh avocado and very little bacon. The salsa that was served with it was also very good. My boyfriend had the German Pancake, which was worth the 20 minute wait. It's excellent! The negative: service was fair at best. The outdoor seating area is messy with tables not bussed in a timely manner. The outdoor patio needed a good sweeping and a complete "home improvement" makeover. With some efforts in tidiness, adding plants, flowers/Bougainvilla in the terra cotta planter boxes would add immediate, affordable appeal. Give this place a try - the food is good
5	Oak's is the greatest breakfast place in Arizona. I will never get tired of the questions pankcakes or toast on the side. Pancakes always wins, always. Stay hungry my friends.
2	Way understaffed and service well that is another story it needs work.  Food is could be better. The  only thing is that the German pancake 20 minutes wait and are good.They charge for substitution when you don't want the potatoesExample $ 1.00 for  mixed fruit instead of potatoes.The prices are very high already and you want  extra dollar for stuff I am already paying in the base price. I think I will go elsewhere.
1	One of the worst experiences in my life! I've been here in the past and the food was pretty good! This time...... I could not even get seated. There were only a handful of people seated, but the waitress would not seat us. Finally after 10 minutes she came up to us and said in a snotty tone "can you read" I was a little puzzled... And said excuse me.... She said I guess you still don't see it......ok, I thought... Then she pointed to an obscure little sign that said seat yourself and just walked off. We sat at the table for over 10 minutes and she never even glanced in our direction! I will never go back!
3	Doing the Cave Creek thing. We all have. Cowboys, rodeos, bikers...you know you have. We just wanted some simple breakfast. This place had the most cars in town. And the town is like two blocks large. We had some plans for the day so wanted easy in and out. Place was, um, dingy, felt like I was somewhere in Pennsylvania where dairy farmers rule. Decor from the 70s, peeling paper, stained brown carpet on the floor. Newspapers piled on a microwave in the corner. Are you following? It's a local joint. The food was cooked like any diner food. The services was good. Everyone knew everyone and there were plenty of well-off Cave Creekers there eating. Would I go back? Sure. Would I bring a date? Heck, no. The Boulder's Grill better choice for that.
2	We used to really love going to Oaks on the weekends for a family breakfast, but sadly over the past year it has just circled the drain.  The food hasn't really changed, it's still the greasy spoon type breakfast food you would expect, but the service is atrocious.  Unfortunately it appears as though the owners have taken to hiring their kids (literally) as servers and unfortunately it seems like they really don't want to be helping out in the family business.  Getting your drinks, a menu, a refill, hot sauce, your order taken, etc doesn't seem to be on the list of things they would rather be doing.  It's a shame, and I am sure we will still go there occasionally but we certainly don't really look forward to it like we used to.  It's not really representative of Cave Creek.
5	I would rate this place 4.5. The food and service was great. The place itself is a little run down and older. But my husband thinks it gives it charm. The waitress was very sweet.
4	It looks a little scary, but don't let the carpet on the floors scare you. The food was fantastic. I would eat here again.
5	Sometimes the best places are hidden in plain sight. Hubby & I stopped here for breakfast during Cave Creek's Wild West Days. Parking was not indicative of the patronage till after the parade. We were greeted by one of the serving staff outside the restaurant, and seated ourselves. That same server (great personality!) kept us happy. The food was really good. I had the thick Cave Creek omelet with bacon, avocado & cheese, served with a heaping helping of hash browns (also comes with pancakes & toast, but I'm gluten-free). Hubby had his flapjacks with 2 eggs & a side of bacon (which was perfectly cooked). Price of the meal was a little high, likely because of there not being a pancake combo on the menu that he could see, but couldn't ask for better service or food. Would definitely eat here again.
4	Good breakfast!  Nothing fancy but all the traditional stuff done right!  Seems like a family-owned place. Very nice people. Would come again.
5	Consistently great food and a large menu.  My family goes here at least 4-5 times during our weekly visit to Cave Creek each year.  Hard-working and friendly staff.  Packed on the weekends but it's a large place so we've never had to wait even with a large group.  Favorites among our group are the Cave Creek omelette, French Toast combo, and oatmeal.
4	Really busy and pretty quick service.  Overall it was good.  A couple things came out not as ordered but nothing worth raising a fuss.  Quality is consistent and good.  The owner, Oak, is very kind and accommodating.
