5	Perfect location,perfect atmosphere,perfect view.Nice sofa , nice chair position setup with huge Starbucks LOGO on the wall. It's awesome Starbucks store that I have been^^ l love to hangout at here whole days . Back yard is Mandarin hotel . At left side opposite of the street is Crystals GUCCI store .
4	It is a brand new location on the Strip, so it is clean, nice and spacious, but SO overpriced! $4.55 for a tall cappuccino - are you kidding me?! And no free refills with the gold card membership - now, that's just sacrilegious. I paid $10.17 for a cup of coffee and a toasted bagel and my fingers just wouldn't let go of my credit card :) I guess this is Vegas, baby!
5	This place was not busy when I stepped in. Quick and friendly service.
5	Holy heavens this place was expensive. Im from seattle so I am used to a 4-5 ice hazelnut machiatto or however you spell it, but i spent over $6 for my grande hazelnut mach. dam. the store was absolutely beautiful and stunning and the staff was so friendly and cool. Will come again when I want to splurge on my drink...
1	An $8 grande soy vanilla latte is INSANE. I understand the need to make a profit and the space is beautiful, but the prices are exorbitant.
2	Walked over from the Cosmo to pick up some much needed coffee and breakfast for Hubs and I.The staff was very friendly, area was clean and organized and prices were very high. I ordered 1 skinny grande mocha ($5.85) 1 grande pumpkin spice latte ($5.85 with soy milk extra charge of $0.75 added) small fruit bowl ($5.95), oatmeal ($5.) and a yogurt parfait ($5.95) The total was $31.73. The coffees weren't good. My mocha didn't have much flavor and Hubs said his wasn't as good as he has had in the past. The fruit and yogurt were fresh and good. The oatmeal portion was pretty small. When I removed the lid it was less than half full. After 4-5 bites it was gone. The packet that came with it had brown sugar, nuts and raisins. Next time I would pass on this Starbuck's. I will go to Va Bene (at the Cosmo) or to a restaurant for the same amount of money and get a real meal and good coffee.
2	Most Starbucks are welcoming and friendly.  The manager at this on this am was not.  I asked for a drink with the fixings (2 splenda and 2 shots of cream).  I was rudely told I can do it myself by the manager to the self serve bar.  I have been to various Starbucks and have never been directed to make my iwn drink.  Isn't part of the price the aervice?  Also the membership system was down.  The two stars are for the great decor of the store.
1	Franchised location and does not accept free redemption items from gold star member rewards.
