3	Allways happy to find a Stabucks when I'm in some new places. At least I don't have to think if it's a good choice or not... especially here in a international airport where the Jetlag makes it even more harder to take decision wether I should have a coffee or a local breakfast...This is a tiny Starbucks with no seats... fare-enough
3	This is an airport Starbucks in Charlotte's Concourse B. It is not an "actual" Starbucks, meaning that they don't take Starbucks cards and at least when I was here, they wouldn't take my Starbucks app on my phone to pay. They also don't offer the "short" sized drinks.They're usually pretty quick and efficient and the line moves as fast as possible. Very few slackers here.
3	Concourse B across from Bojangles.....you really can't say anything bad about a Starbucks in an airport......Is there seating.........No, but who caresDo they sell artisan sandwiches......................No, but I can deal with that.Do they have good coffee..............................YYYYYEEEEEESSSSSSTake a break from HMS Host coffee and enjoy a Starbucks while lounging around concourse B!
3	This location of Starbucks is inside the Concourse B Terminal in the Charlotte airport. Therefore, it's convenient if you're traveling and need to get your caffeine on. With that said, the location is very small, and sometimes the lines are quite long and move a little slow. Also, I don't know what is up with this, but the cashier had to actually type in my Starbucks card number off of my iPhone passbook!!! Is it really true that this location is not set up for me to scan the iPhone passbook barcode for my Starbucks card??? This really slowed down the entire transaction (it seems like it took the barista 5 minutes to type in my number), and the line just kept growing behind me.
4	It's an airport place - not much I can really say except ... Well it was clean - not much to be clean about, but it was clean! The folks working the place were friendly and the speed of service great. I'd expect that because being at an airport means you get quite a few people most of the time! Now what did I order - oh yes - the vanilla chai latte with no water. The guy at the Starbucks in Salisbury told us to try it when he heard we likes the sweet spice of latte. I did try it - and the first few sips were freaking AMAZING - however, the amazing turned into a drink just too damn sweet. Though there was an added level of spice - the sweetness was overpowering and I couldn't finish the entire drink. I later got heartburn from it - so I would not recommend asking for no water unless you ask for a water on the side too!However, overall - because they will try and deliver any special request - I give the place 4 stars!
3	My experience consisted of the following:     - Long, long, LONG line of travelers fresh off red-eye flights.       - An entire team of baristas hustling around behind the counter to fill everyone's drink requests as soon as possible, lest we all fall down from fatigue.       - General confusion as to how it could possibly take so long to fill coffee orders when there were that many baristas.They did not offer the normal snack selection of the Starbucks I'm used to (no protein boxes... WHAAAAAAAA?!?!?!) but the granola they did offer did the job.  If I'm in Charlotte, I'll probably be back for more.
1	After getting off a red eye, Bitch Don't Kill My Vibe was my anthem. I was greeted by the manager that was clearly disgruntled yelling HALLOWWWWWWW in other words hurry up, and I let her have it cause she was rude as all hell. She then yelled back "Das was what I didn't say, don't put words in my mouff". It was 6 a.m yea I get it but it doesn't give you the green light to act like a fool. What kind of southern hospitality was this ? I was nearly about to throw something at her.
5	The employees here were so happy, polite and efficient this morning.  It was very refreshing to see at 8:30 in the morning when arriving in Charlotte after a very early flight, sleepy eyed and desperate for some caffeine.
4	This Starbucks in the Charlotte airport (and all of them, actually) now accept the Starbucks app for payment. They have all the usual stuff for Starbucks including coffees and pastries and breakfast sandwiches and coffee cups and whatnot. Probably the only thing they don't have are the actual coffee machines, because, duh, this is an airport.
