5	I highly recommended Dr Alicia Myers. She's been recently my chiropractor for the last 2 years. She actually is incredibly proficient, compassionate, comprehensive, and has a lot of great tricks in place her sleeve. With Dr. Alicia, I'm discovering just how to manage personally on a regular basis. Dr Alicia's recommended vitamins and supplements have helped me a lot. She has pleasant and funny and great individuals. She has a very comprehensive system which draws from acupuncture, homeopathy, neuro-emotional technique, and a lot of other sources that cover the whole picture.I used to have chronic low back issues. In the time that I have been seeing Dr. Alicia, those issues have been completely resolved. In case you haven't much experimented with this, you need to. It's better than therapy!
5	OH MY GOSH!!  Dr. Myers does an absolutely Phenomenal job!  When I limped into her office over a year ago, I was in bad shape.  My Back was in spasm and my hips were all out of alignment. Since I have been a patient of hers my back pain and back issues have subsided enormously.  She is always very careful as to not doing any type of adjusting that I am not comfortable with. She tailors her patients adjustments to pinpoint the epicenter of the cause of your pain. Through my series of adjustments, she has slowly gotten my back-back into shape and pain free.  Every time I leave her office after an adjustment, I feel two inches taller than when I walked in just due to the fact that she has got my spine and hips back "in line".Another thing that I do like about Dr. Myers is that she takes the time to explain the adjustments and what & why she is going to do.  She is very comprehensive in her research before she even attempts to adjust you. Her costs are in-line with what I expected and she will work with you if need to work on a budget. If you need a great Chiropractor, I would HIGHLY recommend her to anyone looking to get some relief of pretty much anything back, hip, shoulder, neck or nerve related.
5	I am a student at Arizona State University and was in need of a chiropractor to follow around and receive internship credit hours. It did not take me long to realize I wanted to be an intern at the Palmer Center for Natural Healing. My interview with Dr. Alicia Myers helped me solidify that I was in the right career field, as she has so much knowledge and advice to give to a prospective student like myself. Not only have I experienced more hands-on learning in the past few weeks than I ever have in a lab or a classroom, but I feel as if each day I come into work it is full of fun energy and excitement with pertinent and valuable information with each patient I observe Dr. Myers work with. She has a gift with her hands, I definately agree, but I believe she bonds with each and every patient that walks through these doors and changes their lives forever. That is not something that is taught in school. If you are reading these reviews and are still not convinced, then you clearly need to come in for a tour and personally see the office for yourself. Amazing office, state of the art equipment, and, not to mention, a beautiful staff! Thank you Dr. Myers for all of your advice!
5	Dr. Myers is amazing.  I've was in a car accident over 30 years ago, and chiropractic has helped over the years.  I've been to over 20 different chiropractors, so feel qualified to state, SHE IS THE BEST.   Her technical knowledge, combined with intuitive inherent talent, and extremely thorough treatment each and every visit, set her apart from any other chiropractor I've ever been to!  I've arrived at appointments in agonizing pain ,and walked out completely pain free. In one visit.  She is not the type of doctor that does one adjustment then have you come back 3 more times, one section each visit.  She will do what it takes to adjust and make sure you are feeling better.  I also have learned how important it is to go to the Chiro when I am NOT IN Pain- because many times,  pain is the body's last resort to get your attention!  Some times a patient including me, does need 2-3 visits a week, it depends on the condition..  But I want to emphasize her perspective is to do what it takes to make sure you are well.  They have many other educational sessions, gadgets, machines, massage therapists, and use them as needed.  You will never regret going to Dr. Myers.  Look no further, snow birds and year round residents!!!she is THE BEST.
5	I highly recommend Dr. Alicia Myers for your chiropractic needs!  I first visited Dr. Myers last year for my back pain, after doing x-rays she diagnosed the problem & we started weekly treatments.   Just a few adjustments later the pain was gone & I felt like a whole new person.  My posture improved, I was a little taller but most importantly I no longer was in pain.  Today, I just give her a visit when needed.  She's the best!!!!!!!!
5	My wife was a patient of Dr. Myers and encouraged me to attend a health seminar at the office. They had an offer of a chiropractic screening including x rays at a very reasonable price.  After the results of the screening came back, it was discovered that I had some issues with my lower back that could develop into some serious complications down the road.  They developed a treatment plan for me that was very thorough including massage therapy, physical therapy as well as adjustments with Dr. Myer.  In a span of about 6 months, she made a huge difference in my life. My overall feeling is much less painful. She is very interested in the entire health status of her patients. This includes diet, exercise and your overall health.  She has also given me some great health tips and supplements that have added to my healthier status. One of those was changing to a stand up desk at work, which has made a huge difference. Along with Dr. Myer, the staff, Carol, Desi, and Dr. Frees, all have the best interest of the patient first and foremost. They are very friendly and very flexible. My work sometimes runs over at the end of the day.  They have been very cooperative rescheduling appointments on short notice.  Their hours being open late and periodic Saturdays really lend themselves to those of us that have to work during the day. I cannot thank them enough for making me healthier. I have and would recommend their office to anyone.  They will take great care of you!
