1	If I could give this pharmacy zero stars I would have. My husband went in to use their shipping services and the lady with short hair was completely rude.  She stated, "that you are raping us of our shipping supplies". The term "rape" was used. WOW! He was using USPS shipping material and shipping it from their store. USPS offers these flat rate shipping boxes as a means to ship priority. Meaning we are paying for the services. I would hope management of this pharmacy get extra help. With employees like these they may go out of business. I would NOT recommend their service to anyone. Do NOT come here if you are looking for customer service. I am appalled with her behavior and the pharmacy's service.
5	It's a shame that the below review had such a negative experience. I love going to this Pharmacy and to their post office. It's a mom and pop shop. Everyone has worked there for years. It's the type of place where if you live in the neighborhood, they know you and you know them.  They've watched my children grow up and I've watched their children help with the family business. The Pharmacist always takes his time with me to make sure that all my questions are answered. And when it comes to the post office, "that lady with the short hair" is really, really nice and would never say anything like that if it wasn't true. No matter how busy they are they have always made sure that everyone is treated with respect and that all of their needs are met. We are so lucky to have them in Arcadia an I will continue to always give them my business. Dear Natalie V- go back to CA!
5	This awesome pharmacy is a throw back to the good ol days before the big box shops took over with their huge outlets and lack of personal service. I love CVP! They remember your name, your needs, your preferences. I would pay extra to shop here (not that you do) if only just to support a small, locally owned and operated shop. I pass by about 10 Walgreens and CVSs en route to CVP and I'm always glad I did. Keep up the good work!!
5	Have been using CVP since it opened in the 1970's. The service is fantastic and the people are outstanding. Since I moved to North Scottsdale it is not as convenient but I still would not use another Pharmacy!
