3	i have a general problem with ALL rental car companies with thoses "extra" fee's, but this one takes the cake! $2.50/day for tire storage!!! WTF...they advertise a price and slap on extra for this shit plus for registration plus for some kind of insurance for loss of key...what BS!why dont they advertise clean? this is a scam in all Its splendor... oh and what choice do we have, didnt we read the 40page contract before we rented the car?
3	Always think about enterprise rent-a-car like a second tier (or third?) operations. My experience at this location was not different.First, I don't like the policy of "fill the gas to the level it was". Now you rent a car and have no real experience with gas level indicator. You get it from them at say 5/8 of a tank. You are about to return it when your level is 3/8. How much should you put to bring to 5/8? You have to fill it by small shot doing trial and errors until you are at the right level? You fill it too low and hit you with a penalty? You put too much in and you loose the extra money you've put? I like the policy of take it full/bring it full much better, easier to execute for the client!Also, the first car we got had an engine/transmission issue that made it annoying to drive, we had to bring it back to change it. To their credit, the service was nice and they did pick us up and drop us off and they made to fuzz about changing the car, yet this is the kind of issues that I had too many times with enterprise.
1	We arrived about 10 minutes before they opened on a Saturday, and there was already a line of about half a dozen people.  It took a LONG time for us to finally finish up with the desk and head up to our car.  My major complaint is that my dad called ahead of time TWICE to ask for a car seat for my son.  At the desk they told him they don't have any at this location.  When we got to the garage, the lady again said they do not have any car seats, only the location at the airport had them.  She suggested we drive to the airport to pick on up.  EXCUSE ME?  First, we were told you'd have them.  Second, despite being told the wrong thing, you tell us to drive to the airport to pick one up?  They should have offered to have one dropped off at our hotel.  Such an inconvenience.Also, the way the find the car you get is by running up and down the garage, pressing the car's alarm to find it.  The car isn't waiting and ready for you like at other car rental companies and locations.
4	Before 2014, the previous reviews were about right about this location.This year, I used the enterprise car rental twice from this location and I was pleasantly surprised that they expanded their weekend hours (it used to be 9-12 on the Saturdays and closed on Sundays).  They now open longer hours on Saturdays and a shorter hours on Sundays.  This is improvement #1.The cars are now located upstair and the office is also moved upstair.  This is improvement #2.The staffs are very friendly and explain the operation of the cars to me.  This is improvement #3.Today, you get the car  with a full tank of gas and you have to return the car with full tank of gas.  This is improvement #4.These are great improvements.Unfortunately (or fortunately - if you are the manager of the branch), there is still a lineup on Saturday mornings.That's why I rated this location 4 stars and I will visit here again.
1	Awful customer servicethe wonderful pick up, drop of service they advertise is a lie..They claim that they dont have enough personnel working... When there is 2 guys actively browsing on their cell phones, and ipads. And you get put on hold for like 30 minutes .. While listening to adds about their wonderful customer service. Charlotte is the queen B of this place, the rudest one.If you rent a car from this location, expect to walk home after you drop off their vehicle, even though what they promise in their adds is that they will drive you home.Never again, am I renting from this company
