4	My little dog had her first vet visit here last night. The Vet was amazing with her. My dog can be very shy at first and the vet and nurse were very patient. They worked with us to find the right plan for our dog and didn't pressure us to buy anything that was not needed.The front desk staff was also very kind and understanding. It seems like the vet is more concerned about my dog than my doctor is about me!We will be going back here again for all our dog needs!
4	my dog recently got sick and needed emergency assistance and banfield took him in right away. that was good considering it was a saturday. I checked with emergency care as well as another banfield locations and this was by far the most economical.  Service was good and they even allowed me to pay the next day which is def not typical. doctors were good and very informative and they also gave me the path of resistance because you and i both know it can be very expensive.  overall grade b+
1	This vet has a practice of up selling services and pushing unnecessary vaccines in addition to giving too many vaccines at one visit.  I recently lost my beloved Welsh Terrier, Mindy, due to the incompetence of this veterinarian.  I started using them in 2009 and shortly thereafter Mindy, who was only 4 yrs. old started showing signs of fatigue when we walked her.  I would have to pick her up and carry her home.  The vets said she was sensitive to heat (completely normal for some dogs they said) and she had a bad hip.  We discussed it numerous times and they just kept giving me pain meds.  Even though she was on the health plan she went several years without blood work.  She took a turn for the worse after her last checkup and multiple vaccinations.  She started walking less and stopped eating when I took her in and they finally gave her a blood test.  By then it was too late.  She had Autoimmune Hemolytic Anemia.  I spent $3,000 trying to help her but she died anyway.  I am very upset about losing my beloved pet when it could have been prevented.
1	This practice needs to change the way they do business.  They are either extremely incompetent or extremely unethical.  I think it is both.  My other dog had a urinalysis left on his plan so I brought in a specimen to test because he had been getting me up at night to go out.  After testing I was told they could not tell if he had an infection so I would need to bring him in so they could insert a needle into his bladder for another specimen.  This sounded dangerous and unnecessary to me.  They also said they found crystals in his urine and he needed x rays of his bladder to check for stones.  I took him to another vet for a second opinion.  They were able to test the specimen I brought in and determined that he did not have an infection and there were no crystals in his urine.  The most likely cause for him going out at night was because he was not drinking water during the day and drank excess water at night when I got home.  The remedy was to give him crushed ice (which he loves) in the morning to keep him hydrated during the day.
1	I have to agree with the reviews where they are constantly trying to upsell you on other services you don't need, and where the vet seems like he's just a kid with barely any experience, much less actual training.We used to take our pets here, but it got to be so frustrating.  Calls aren't returned in a timely manner.   When you show up for an appointment, they can't find it or they have the wrong pet listed.  Or, even more annoying, they will look at you and ask "So what are you here for today?"  Gee, I don't know --- don't you have some notes in the computer to tell you precisely what I had this appointment for in the first place?My general impression is they are completely disorganized, at best, and poorly managed, at worst..  There is a lot of vet competition in this area --- you can find better, I'm sure.
