3	Mucho food for un pequeno price. I had the fajitas, the daily special, for only $7.99.  That's cheaper than even Chili's and oh so much better. The chicken was flavorful, the toppings were fresh, and you had two choices for rice (sweet or Spanish) and beans (refried or black). It's cafeteria-style ordering, so you tell them what you want and watch them prepare it right in front of you. Customer service seemed very friendly -- I was greeted with a smiling "Hola!"My biggest issue, or rather annoyance on my part, was this alert-the-restaurant banging of copper kettles that punctuated my whole dinner.  I can't figure out what it was all about.  I think if you got some punch-card from them, they hit a kettle and shouted out something. It was kind of stupid. I didn't like it. Especially when I was in the middle of a sentence that I had to repeat because of it.But, heck, what am I saying. I'll go back. Copper-kettle banging or not, the food was good and a great price.
4	I was introduced to Bajio by a co-worker who lives nearby and visits so often that most of the employees know her. She loves the Chicken Green Chile Salad which I tried once and was good. But I love the Pineapple Shrimp Salad which is what I usually get because of the delicious mix of flavors and textures. The salad has both rice and lettuce and comes with crispy flour tortillas. The Shrimp Tacos are also good. They saute the shrimp right when you order it so it takes a bit longer but is nice and fresh. I didn't like the Enchiladas which are not what I consider a true Enchilada. It's like ordering a Quesadilla at Chipotle.From what I can tell, they bang the kettle when someone leaves a tip. This annoys me too, but like Tracy I keep going back because the food's good.
4	I think this place has pretty good food for a pretty reasonable price.  The strip mall it's in is relatively easy to get in and out of, so I sometimes go here instead of the Chipotle across the street when I'm in the mood.
4	Stopped by Bajio's for lunch today for the sake of trying something new.  I had the chicken stuffed quesadilla which just happened to be the daily special at $6.99.  A coworker had a sweet green chili quesadilla which sounded strange but tasted very good as well! The portions were plentiful so you will not leave hungry.  I will definitely returning to try out some more menu items.And yes.......the random bell ringing/pot clanging was a little obnoxious...
4	Ate lunch here today while visiting my cousin Marc.  His wife Lori is a huge fan of this place.  She kept saying "fresh" over & over again.  She was right.  It's a big room in a huge outdoor/strip mall kind of place.  You order off a menu that is painted on the wall, then you step up to a Subway Sandwich type counter where they prepare your food in front of you.  You order shrimp tacos, they throw the shrimp on the open stove right there.  Then they take your plate down the counter of "fresh" ingredients and ask you want you want.  What kind of rice do you want?What kind of beans?Which salsa?Which reminds me: they have mango salsa!  Are you kidding me?  It was yummy. Did I mention they serve mexican beers?  They have margaritas too.  But they're pre-made and come out of a tap.  Which is the reason I'm not giving Bajio 5 starsThe place was seriously busy at lunch, but they have many tables.
4	We have been to Bajio dozens of times since it opened a few years back.  I can honestly say that I've never been disappointed in a meal.  There have been a lot of changes over the past couple of years, with the recent change to being a 'cantina' with flat screen tv's, alcoholic drinks, etc.  The ordering is very simple, it's an assembly line (a la Chipotle).  If you want (or don't want) something, all you have to do is tell them.The three of us went for a weekend lunch, and the place had a pretty good crowd.  The line still moved pretty fast.  I got a chicken quesadilla with rice and beans, rather than my regular nachos.  The quesadilla was good, though I'll probably get the nachos next time.  The rice and beans were also good.  The one problem with the meal (and all of us thought this) was that the sodas seemed to be on the flat side.  At first I thought it was a problem with my drink, but when I mentioned it later, everyone else had the same problem.  This visit, Bajio earned a solid 4 stars, marking them down for the odd tasting drinks.  On an overall/portfolio, I'd give them 4.5 stars.  (Note:  I did have an issue with them a couple weeks back when somehow I got subscribed to their text club.  I mean, five texts in 10 minutes is a little ridiculous, even if I had knowingly signed up.  Luckily, I talked to a manager, Jan, who was extremely helpful and took care of the problem).  I will definitely be back to Bajio.
4	I'm a fan of these types of Mexican restaurants. It's the line up and order what you want and they scoop all your ingredients onto your burrito right in front of you steez.It's the Chipotle/Qdoba/Kokopelli/Cafe Rio style place.What sets Bajio apart from these other spots? I think their restaurant is a bit nicer & they have some additional options that you might not find at the other guys.3 types of beans: refried, black & spicy2 types of rice: Mexican style & sweetTONS of types of saucesIf you're a fan of this type of Mexican & you want lots of choices, give Bajio a try.
5	Oh my! How have I NOT reviewed this place yet?! It is amazing. This is in the top 2 of my favorite restaurants in North Phx. (the other one is Bamboo Grill) If the man is there, he is the best. Always happy to see you, and ready to chat while he cooks! I have gone in here with my mom and sister, with just me and Hubs, and with my 2 little ones. Every time the food is fantastic. If it's just the girls working, the service pales in comparison to when the guy is there.. but the food makes up for that! Try the tortilla soup! Made right there in front of you and ohhhh... sooo good! Hubby and I always share the fajitas classica.. mmm... I think that is the best way to go. And they are more than willing to give you extra of whatever you ask for. And if you throw in a dollar for them, they ring the bell and yell "AYYYY" lol Also, good prices, especially if you split something, which is totally doable since their servings are huge!
3	The wife and I had dinner at Bajio recently, which I think was our second trip back since my original review.  Based on the track record of the place, I thought any update I did would be to upgrade the ranking, but alas, it is actually to drop a downgrade on them.  One reason I'm dropping their grade...the soda fountain still gives out bad soda, either flat or not good tasting depending on what you get.  Since I had the same issue last time, I'm assuming it is an on-going thing, not just my luck.  Another reason, my refried beans were not very good.  I remember getting them in the past and they were fine, but this batch had way too much bacon flavor for my taste.  Lastly, my wife ordered the fish tacos.  Part of the problem is that the fish was fried as opposed to grilled.  She wouldn't have got them had she known and didn't even think to ask as generally Bajio seems to indicate they try to be healthy mexican (at least that's what the mission was indicated to us on our first visit when we had a lengthy discussion with the then manager/owner).  Anywho, she was pretty underwhelmed with them.  On the plus side, my sweet green chili quesadilla was very good.Adding it all up, I'm marking Bajio down to 3 stars.
4	I should start by saying I'm not really a food savant.  If I like the food in a place; it's good.  If I don't like the food at a place, it's not good.  My senses are not keen enough to pick out the hint of Cayenne pepper used to season the enchilada or whatever.  Regardless onto the review:Alright.  So this isn't a really big place.  There's outdoor and indoor seating, a couple of big TV's (or maybe just one, I actually don't remember now), and some cool paintings on the walls.  The paintings aren't anything Rembrandt, but for some reason I find them oddly entertaining.I personally enjoy the food ordering process.  It's the Subway style layout, except with Mexican food.  You get a choice of three types of meat, two types of rice, three types of beans, two types of sauces, plus a bunch of extra stuff.  Personally I don't experiment too much, but I can honestly say the chicken, re-fried beans, Mexican rice, and red sauce is tasty.The employees are friendly and put up with the zoned-out, zombie-like way I shuffle about when I'm thinking of what I want to eat, so thank you for that.  They give off a good, fun, I-don't-hate-you-for-being-here vibe and ring a bell when you leave a tip.So all in all: good service, good food, good atmosphere.
2	I don't know if I just went on an off night for the staff ...  Good thing I have a sense of humor.  I decided to keep my order simple, a fried been and cheese burrito.  For some reason they could not get it right and had to start over.  They were all running around behing the counter, everyone had to keep repeating their order as we moved down the line.  They also kept throwing red sauce on top of my burrito when I didn't ask for any.  I gave up and just had to laugh.  I won't be going back anytime soon.  Their trash was overflowing, we had a long wait in line (and it wasn't that busy) plus I didn't think their tortilla chips were good.  If the chips aren't good, I don't go back.
5	Mmmmmm shrimp tacos.  I used to live in the Bajio in Mesa.  I feel like I was there once a week.  My favorite Mexican food.  The shrimp tacos have a honey sauce that is to die for and the tortillas are cooked on the griddle just long enough to keep them from getting soggy.  Really good stuff.  Plus the queso is wicked good.  This location is a bit pricier than the old Mesa one was but at least it is still open.  They also serve beer out here because it's not Mesa.  Much love for the No.Pho Bajio...just wish it wasn't so far.
5	I really do hate Mexican food.  I'm too picky to enjoy the massive amounts of pepper flavors and onions that permeate this type of food.  However, there is one place on earth that I would choose to get Mexican food any day of the week.  Bajio!I was actually introduced to this place while I was in Utah and was ecstatic to find it here in AZ.  There used to be one on Stapley that we went practically every time we went out to the EV.  Unfortunately, that location is no longer.  Anyway, Bajio prepares high quality and flavorful food that doesn't break the bank.  My favorite items are the ones with the shrimp.  Just trust me and get it, you can thank me later.  Their salads are also really great and a nice alternative to the heavier fare.I really wish that Bajio would come downtown and make my dreams come true, but until then, I guess I'll have to make the trek up here to get it.
3	Located across from Lowe's.  Easy to be tempted by Ray's Pizza just a couple doors down though.  Their burritos are made in front of you there and served in a large basket.  Portions were generous but the prices were up there to match.  Parking isn't bad at all because of the Lowe's lot.
1	The downward spiral is complete...the wife was going to eat Bajio tonight while I was going to pick up L&L.  Our plans were foiled as Bajio is CLOSED (letter on the door indicating non-payment).
3	Atmosphere is great for dining but the "Chipotle-Style" line you go through to order your food while they prepare it in front of you is less than appealing.  But hey... at least you can see what they are doing while making your food? :)My wife and I had a burro and some enchildas and they were both very good.  The homemade chips are a little greasy but other than that, they have a great salsa bar televisions with sporting events so that you can enjoy a good game while having your Mexican food.
4	Its back open and better than ever.  New owners.
4	My wife and I just moved into the area and we felt like eating Mexican food. We came across Bajios and decided to try it out. It was definitely comparable to Chipotle while still being different and it was very good. I would actually even say that they have more to chose from than Chipotle. Will definitely be going back soon!
4	They need to make a pink fish taco.
3	This place has a Chipotle feel but has more of that New Mexico Mexican food atmosphere. There food is okay and reasonably priced. Salsa really makes the food for me, and there salsa is just okay. I normally order there chicken quesadilla or get an enchilada and would recommend both.
5	Best burrito bar in the valley.  Quality ingredients, friendly staff, and loads of food.Well worth the extra drive compared to other similar restaurants.
4	Not bad for a Chipotle-ish layout.  I tend to like the americanized Chipotle food better, but I've just had Bajio's salads so far.  The only issue with the salads... they are SOAKED by the time you are finishing your meal, so it's not crunchy anymore.Other than that, like the paintings on the walls, the mexican feel.  I hear the nachos are RIDICULOUS.  I will be trying more foods later on, but so far it's pretty good.
1	Dropped by this place cause I needed a quick bite and it was new to me.  Well needless to say I ate and left.  I don't even remember what I ate, but it was food for sure -- I think!? Okay gotta stop being mean.  Let's just say it wasn't anything "new".  Nothing I couldn't have ordered say from Rubio's or Chipotle.  Yo quero Taco Bells please :(  The place itself was decorated with some traditional Mexican portraits and paintings in an industrial-like setting.  Kinda odd, but whatever tickles your senses I guess. - Enjoy!
3	On a lazy Sunday, needed to get a quick bite for lunch and wanted to try something different.  Figured we'd give this place a try as my wife loves hispanic food.  I ran over for take out.  First the place is actually huge inside which is surprising and they have a couple of flat panel TVs in the dining area.  I grabbed a couple of their burritos, one with pork and the other with chicken.  They make everything in front of you and have quite a few options to put in the burrito.  I had the "spicy beans" in my burrito and they were anything but spicy.  The salsa provided also was bland.  Overall the food was OK, but nothing that is going to make me want to go back anytime soon.
3	The food is good enough.  A couple things are a little more creative than Chipotle would offer.  The beans and rice are nothing to write home about and unfortunately, they give you a lot of that..  The fruit-based salsas are nice.  There is a the sweet green chili sauce they do that is nice, but probably high in sugar for an entree.  If you get a drink, you might easily drop $10.  You can get better food for that at a sit-down Mexican place..
4	Ok...  Fair statement here: I LOVE Bajio but my wife hates it.  The food is great, the price is right and the service - ohhh the service can not be beat!  I'll continue to sneak off and eat here when the wife isn't looking.
2	I want to create a time line showing how Bajio went from my favorite early release destination way back in high school to its current situation. I can only guess that the brief period that the restaurant closed down only to be reopened under new ownership was the tipping point into bad food territory. Thanks to Henry Ford, this place uses an assembly line to create the Americanized Mexican food that it churns out for its customers. I usually get a plain bean and cheese burrito because I'm not a big fan of most of their toppings. I've always liked that the food comes with free chips and salsa. I've tried other menu options like salads and chicken burritos, and everything is just so-so. I want this place to return to its former glory with the shouting for tips such, but I think that the current environment is here to stay.
3	Not bad... Not in love with the salsas.. they are kind of too sweet. Chicken was spicy and the burrito was good.  Just another burrito place. Not bad, just nothing great. Nothing to me that really makes it stand out.
1	Food was ok. Nothing special. Wouldn't go there again mostly because the girl taking our order had a HUGE attitude and wasn't even listening when we were asking her questions. Pretty disappointing. Would have given a little higher rate if the service was better. Also paid $20 for two burritos and it totally wasnt worth the money.
4	Quick & Delicious! You can buy authentic tortillas by the bag large and small. Awesome and different chips and queso which is a fave of mine!
2	I wasn't really very impressed. Bajio isn't *bad* by any stretch, but it's certainly nothing to really rave about.The prices were a little steep for what you get and everything (keep in mind, this is mexican food) was oddly sweet for some reason...and that struck me oddly. Burritos and such, served in a very Chipotle-esque fashion, but for a few bucks more than Chipotle. I don't believe I'll be returning. Not because it was a negative experience, just exceptionally "meh".
2	There really isn't much I liked about this place.  I had a chicken burrito, and was just unimpressed.  The tortilla was average, and everything was just kind of soggy.  The chicken was in sort of a broth, rather than what you'd see at places like Chipotle or Baja Fresh, where it's grilled and diced.  This was more like pulled chicken, though it was larger pieces.Got a side of the queso sauce too, which looked good, and it was fine, though a little thin.  Try a place like Panchero's for awesome queso.  Had a side of chips and salsa, but again, below average.  I probably won't come back here, there are too many better options.  Even the Coke wasn't great - the ice is crushed, so it melts quickly, watering down your drink.Staff was friendly and accommodating, though.  And the place looks good, so it doesn't get just one star.  Service is slow, because they don't seem to have the "assembly line" thing down like at other places (hi, Chipotle).
4	Very good selection of burritos, tacos and more.  They have great quality ingredients, have never had a problem.  Prices are reasonable, and staff is very friendly.  Tables are kept clean and so is the rest of the place.  The only thing that's missing is they no longer serve beer.
4	Had a salad here this week that I am craving again already!  Th egreen chili chicken salad is really tasty. It has a little sweetness and a mild chili flavor. As if that was not tasty enough, the fresh hot tortilla served with the salad was the perfect accompaniment.
3	I come in all the time. I love the salad, taquitos, nachos and the burritios is great.The shrimp tacos were horrible, soggy gross mess, don't waste your money on them.  I like that I can choose what I get in my dishes. They are a bit more expensive compared to other mexican restaurants that are near by. My biggest issue is the staff. They act as if you are bothering them. Out of about 20 visits, only 2 did I feel welcome and get a smile. They act as robots just going down the line of ingrediants. The day shift girls are so much nicer than the night. I try so hard to engage them hoping for a different experience but no luck. They do seem empty compared to the other busy restaurants that are right there. Would love to walk in and have someone say...."Hi, Welcome, How can I help you". Tries to order a Churro for dessert, they don't make them anymore.. Sad, a mexican restaurant without Churros.....WHAT!!!! They need to have more than just one size of drink.
5	Tasty tortilla, fresh veggies, yummy meat, rice and beans. Great service and we come here all the time.
3	Good, not great.  The quality of the food was subpar and the quantity didn't make up for any of what was lost. Workers weren't very friendly and it was pricier than chipotle, without being better.
1	My boyfriend and I were in the area, wanted to try something new, scoped it out on YELP. Thought it would be good because the reviews were good. Only one menu off to the side in the whole place. One girl was working, no greeting, went up and asked her about a menu item and could have cared less. She didn't ask if it was our first time or try to help in any way, was tossing things around, must have hated her job. Could barely hear her when asking the type of bean or rice we wanted. Absolutely would not come here again. The impression from just the employee not having any sort of customer service skills was enough for me to not want to come back. The food was decent, had a salad and nothing to write home about. You can just go to Chipotle and get the customer service and good food.
2	This is a family owned Chipotle like kind of place adorned with  Whimsical Disneyish  boarder line offensive Stereotype Mexican Caricature Paintings. Your food is served to you in aluminum cake pans. (that might be a sign to run away) and they ring a cow bell when you tip them. (maybe another sign of I got another sucker today and this one going to die when they try this food)  I've been here before and thought I remembered it being better and maybe I was just here on a off day on my most recent visit. My expectations weren't high I knew where I was I was just expecting quick and OK.I am giving two stars based on my husband's meal of two enchiladas that he said wasn't the best but edible and cheap.I liked the fresh greens in my salad and I really liked the fresh cabbage option for the salad but I didn't like my Chicken Green Chile Salad for many reasons. So I have to think do I just don't like it because of my taste or is this a meal that IS awful? My conclusion is that it was awful.1) The Chicken tasted like CANDIED Chicken. It's a shame because the chicken seemed fresh and was cooked nice and seemed like it could have been good in other hands. (even a caveman can do better)  I didn't know you could make chicken that sweet. They took the time to marinate the chicken with honey and poured a ton of honey on top of it.2) The what seemed like house made dressing was awful and I don't know what it was suppose to be. It could be used as a WD40 substitute. I took a small taste and pushed it away before it caused damage in my system.3) The pasteurized guacamole like green stuff just doesn't taste good. It's manufactured mix of chemicals that Lowe's maybe uses in their paint.4) The salsa tasted like those budget jarred salsa that always suck. Nothing fresh and not so good tasting. Very flat and soggy.5) They gave me a fresh made flour tortilla that was RAW!6) Where was the Green Chile? Nothing resembled green chile in my salad but I did have fried onions and I did have fresh greens in a tin! WOO HOO!ADIOS Bajio!1.5 Stars
3	I've been eating here now for over 4 years from highschool until now my sophomore year in college, and I have to say they are on their way out because at one point their food was to be reckoned with and now it's just bleh. Last time I was there I was really disappointed by the service. One lady working and I seemed to bother her to give her business.
1	This used to be a favorite of mine, but recently when I eat there I do not feel well afterward. The quality of the food is no longer where it once was.  I will not eat here again,
4	Great causal Mexican food. Better than Chipotle IMO. Decent price, good selection, lots of variety.
1	My family used to love eating here, but it's gone way downhill. Our last to-go order just wasn't cooked right and was un-appetizing. Not a huge deal, we'll just call 'em and they'll make it right.. right? The number on the receipt was out of service. After my wife finally got ahold of someone, they said they would have a manager call us back. Never happened, guess we will have to do a chargeback now. After reading this place is family owned, it makes me sad to see a once beautiful place serving delicious food lose all passion.
5	Best shrimp tacos anywhere! The atmosphere is great, the place is nice and big and kid friendly.
2	So-so. This is a Cafe Rio or Costa Vida knockoff. The food is ok but is way over priced for the portion size.
4	Fish tacos were awesome. The refried beans were bland and kinda gross. The rice was decent. I'll come back again but I won't order beans.
4	I thought it was good. Nothing great nothing bad. I had a taco with half chicken half beef and side of rice and beans. It was all on par with every other place around. The service was great but I was the only one there. LOL  The place was clean and quiet.
3	It was good food, not great, crazy expensive compared to Chipotle, will def try again
2	meh...I came here a few months back and was disappointed, thought I'd give them another try today. Had an enchilada style burrito with beans and rice. Their food is bland. I wish I had more to say but honestly, this place won't last. There are other better options nearby.
