4	I love Christmas, who doesn't? But Christmas 365 days a year is overkill. I would like to sit down with the staff here and ask their feelings about Christmas. I wonder if they are those crazies you read about in The Sun who keep their lights up all year and eat Christmas dinner every day? I think working here would drive me a little insane and perhaps take away a little of that magic that Christmas has. This shop does what it says on the tin, and actually does it quite well. At Christmas I would probably find good use for it as they do have some pretty little festive treats. I guess this shop is aimed more at tourists. From my lurking on Trip Advisor forums of various destinations there always seems to be someone on the look out for a all year round Christmas shop wherever they go. I imagine that is so they can look at their tree and say ''Oh that shiny bauble came from Abu Dhabi, that tinsel is from Maguluf and the star if from Edinburgh!'' I don't know. But this shop is actually very nice and the staff are full of Christmas cheer!
4	Want a shop where it's always Christmas and never winter? Then come to The Nutcracker Christmas Shop where all your dreams come true! As long as they pertain to the availability of Christmas related decorations.I actually do genuinely like the Nutcracker Christmas shop. Inside it avoids selling the really tacky crap, and focuses on the more tasteful pretty crap. It has a more traditional aesthetic, keeping to more Victorian-esque gifts and decorations like pretty rocking horses, Christmas trees with modest white lights, elegant Father Christmas ornaments that at least look handmade. There is quite a range of decorations but they all keep to a theme (besides Christmas) and as a display it all looks very pretty.I agree with Stephanie about working here. I would go mad. Maybe all the staff are elves. Maybe it's just a Christmas miracle.
3	These sorts of shop baffle me.  They must be pinning their entire profit-making hopes for the year on the couple of months in the lead up to Christmas itself.  And yet, in July, they are happily open for business.  Maybe people get their decoration-buying in extra early?I happened to be walking past here the other day, and thought I'd pop my head in.  There was not a single customer inside at the time; just three workers talking.  The walls are filled with the more traditional decorations, rather than today's commercialised rubbish.  It harks back to Christmas as it might have been hundreds of years ago.I agree with the other reviewers - save this shop for the Christmas season, when it can be enjoyed in the time of the year that it should be.
4	You would think that a Christmas shop would only fair well during the Christmas period, but the Nutcracker has a year long charm.It's dimly lit and cosy inside like a wee Christmas grotto, and its darker interior only sets the sparkling baubles off even more. It's a little cave of Christmassy wonders.As previous reviewers have outlined, this is a more traditional, classy Christmas shop than you normally see. The hanging tree decorations are largely of Victorian design, and there are some traditional items on sale from that era, such as wreaths and snow globes.Some decorations are pricier than others, but the quality speaks for itself. Great for a quirky gift or getting your Christmas planned early (which is why my mum loves this place so much). Makes you want to don some ice skates, a big red coat, a fluffy white hand muff and go skating on the lake. Just a shame you have to wait most of the year to put your tree up!
5	The shop involves Christmas. Instant five stars.I'm like some sort of deranged elf when it comes to the festive season, and I can't see myself ever growing up and not wanting to drape every available spot in my house with fairy lights, or a time where I won't play Fairytale of New York on repeat for the whole of December.I do often wonder how Christmas shops stay afloat throughout the whole year. As much as I love Christmas and all the trimmings, I don't think it's ever occurred to me to start buying decorations midway through the year. However, this is irrelevant to the fact the Nutcracker Christmas Shop is absolutely delightful, with its mix of quirky and classic Christmas tree decorations and hanging decorations for other areas of the home. Going with the name of the shop, my preference is towards the slightly evil looking, but loveable all the same, nutcracker range.
