3	Has all of the usual suspects that one needs from a Starbucks but Holy Long Lines!!  All day!  It's right near the elevators so it's the main Starbucks in the MGM. (I think there are 3 on the main floor of the MGM).  OK selection of food.
5	This Starbucks location is near the buffet in the MGM Grand, not to be confused with the Starbucks near the elevators. This location is much less crowded and serves the same drink items as any Starbucks. The food selection here is excellent. Muffins, bagels, pastries, cookies, sandwiches, salads, etc. More than I have ever seen. Not sure how much moves through in the day but my thought is that they do move and remain fresh, just not as quickly as the other location.
5	Vegan Breakfast in Vegas!  There are a few Starbucks at MGM Grand and we went to the one near the West Wing.  Our breakfast every day was oatmeal w/ brown sugar, nuts & dried fruit and iced Americanos and bananas.  No soy protein but oh well - it does not exist there! This Starbucks was really clean and slightly tucked away from all the casino hubbub so it was a "chill" location to eat a quick bite in the AM. Nice staff!For some reason this Title is "Starbuck's" - Yelp needs to change it to "Starbucks" - duh!
5	a little busy when i was there...   if u can get in...  go to the one at the signature!   always quiet & awesome!
4	All I know is that I went to a Starbucks inside the MGM Grand. Beats me if it was the one by the buffet or the one by the elevators... I was freakin lost the entire time I was in that hotel anyway!! Starbucks was my beacon of light. The pastry selection at this location was great and they did serve oatmeal!!It was fun to have breakfast by the slots. We saw plenty of people sipping their white wine at 9am. EEEEEWWWW. Tschane and I stopped by the Kitty Glitter slot machines after breakfast and won $1.60. Unfortunately this machine did not pay cash and I had NO desire to try and find the place to redeem my coupon. It's a maze for a reason, people!
3	Hooray for crazy Vegas prices and slow service! It is Vegas, what do you expect? But it is at least nice to have it around.
4	This Starbucks is in the middle of the casino!!! -next to the terrible hotel coffee shop (which I forget the name of). Great place to chill or people watch when you are waiting for something or someone... Anyway, the line is always pretty long but the staff is quick and efficient. They do an excellent job considering half the customers are idiots who take 5 years to order and try to get blueberry scones and breakfast sandwiches at 1130pm! There were crumbs and other things on all the tables but nothing too gross. Just your standard Starbucks, but in a Vegas casino!
4	This place gets hit hard. I don't even like Starbucks, but the only other reasonable breakfast possibility here is McDonald's, which should come with a disclaimer from the General Surgeon.To the Express Breakfast deal I went: 1 medium coffee, any pastry and a piece of fruit. $7. In Vegas that feels like a crazy deal. Add a dollar and you can swap the pastry for oatmeal. I've got a box of oatmeal at home, 8 packets for $2, but for Vegas this bfast combo was still pretty extraordinary.The house always wins, and Starbucks is making a killing. But when I dropped my coffee lid and went to the bar to get another, the kind older guy on the other side offered to top off my decaf. What a sweetie.
3	Hey it's Starbucks, so the coffee is good, but the lines are amazing!  I only stop here when I really, really need a caffeine fix!
4	It's Starbucks... always as it is..
2	I got a banana, bottled water, and oatmeal. It took me about 20mins in line to acquire and more money than I want to mention due to its prime location. However I thought the oatmeal issue was weird and worth discussing. They said I could only have some of the offered toppings to my perfect oatmeal but not all of the toppings. I thought that the "perfect" oatmeal was a package deal? I didnt think they could say you could only have some and not all of the package? its definitely not on teh menu that way and in the past they just give it to you in the bag. Maybe I'm wrong and I just got lucky in the past. However, I made the easy decision and I opted out of the sugar and just got some at the coffee bar thingy at the end since its free there anyway just white not brown. It was weird for me. Side note: There was also no place to sit so I had to walk around with my food. Bottom line: I appreciate the healthier options because Im vegan and I can get soy milk, fruit, etc. This wont keep me from coming back but it WILL keep me confused.
3	Great location right in the middle of the casino! Regular Starbucks coffee at jacked up prices but hey this is Vegas!
3	This Starbucks has a variety of food products not available in other Starbucks stores. However the drinks and food are far higher priced at this MGM location than at regular Starbucks. The service is average. Lots of sitting and on the noisy side due to being within the MGM and next to the Rainforest Cafe. Not great, not horrible. 3 Stars. Minus 2 stars for noise level and price.
2	As always, one is relieved to find a starbucks in the hotel one is staying at in Vegas. However, I was quite horrified at the prices of drinks. almost 5 bucks for a grande latte? What the hell? I could get a venti latte AND a cookie at my local starbucks. WHY. Starbucks, you are quite greedy, I say. Seating is sparse, as there are SO many people sitting around! I had to awkwardly stand to the side while creepy older men leered at me while I waited for my drink :c I love that this place is 24 hours. As others say, the wait is tedious; I was surprised to find it held true when there was one person in front of me, and I was the only one in line at the front! Whatever, I needed my latte fix. Turns out, they accept starbucks cards, but they don't reload!! WHY? She took my starbucks rewards card, but didn't deduct the extra charge for soy (75 cents, instead of the usual 60 cents.) I know I shouldn't complain, but I guess I'm just used to not having to pay for being lactose intolerant? When I came the next day, I was happy that they had Calm tea, though it wasn't on the menu. They freshly brewed it for me, and iced it, keeping the bag inside. I've never gotten an iced tea (other than the normal black tea [awake]) so i'm not sure if they usually leave tea bags inside, but it was perfectly brewed - so no complaints.Of course, I'll grudgingly pay for this next time I stay here... Damn my coffee tendencies.
3	I was so happy to find a Starbucks. I needed my caffeine for the day, but the drinks were OK. I ordered a Grande Caramel Macchiato and they didn't make it right. I payed over $5 for my drink. The line was a little long and they took forever to make my drink especially there was like 4-5 people on the other side of the counter. My Starbucks at home make drinks faster and it cost a lot less too.
1	ordered a blonde roast and received a crappy pikes. Receipt number 4171605 omar said it was blonde but was obviously pikes even on receipt. Do a Pour Over Lazy....
3	Another of the three locations in MGM alone. This one had the longest lines while I was here for a convention this past week. It's located near the elevators and buffet area so the traffic is expected. Normal menu of drinks and food items. Served it's purpose while I was here to get my daily caffeine fix. Service here was ok as the baristas kept the lines moving best they could. Again, seemed as if there prices here were higher than normal. Guess they tack on an extra casino fee? As if I didn't lose enough on the tables while here!
1	Thieves. Coffee prices are close to double than regular. 6 $ for a bottle of water. Should I say more?
3	Got a frappicino after dinner and before heading inside the MGM Grand Arena.This place doesn't do promotions or even have a mobile reader, they actually punch in your card numbers.Small line so i had my drink in no time at all.
1	I was pretty disappointed for a Las Vegas Starbucks to be so behind on the standard of the Starbucks trademark. They didn't have the drinks for the "rewards secret menu", didn't have a rewards scanner, and didn't offer the 'short' size option. And everything was overpriced... But the coffee still hit the spot.
