4	If you wanna real locals bar this place felt like it for sure.  I loved the fact that it's just an office space that's been converted into a bar complete with pool tables, darts, and you can even purchase liquor to go!Nice low key vibe when you wanna get away from all the blingy goodness!
4	You know you haven't truly lived until you've taken a cab from the airport and, while on route to the Bellagio, you ask the driver to stop somewhere so you can buy a 1.75 Liter of Stoli.   So he stops at the Office Bar and, sure enough, you can score booze by the bottle and they even sell ice, diet sprite, and they'll throw in some plastic cups.And you truly haven't lived if you experience all this because, as you were waiting patiently in seat 34-A for your flight to take you home to Oakland, you got kicked off the flight because some of your friends were too fucking drunk to fly!!  Oh, and of course, it's these same friends that requested that we stop for the booze...I swear somebody was channeling Hunter S. Thompson this weekend.
4	Chill place.  Table top poker at a regular ole bar...accept for the fact you can buy booze in the back to go!  Its pretty classy looking too.  I like it.
4	Tucked away... nice place. It was pretty dead most nights when we went there but was a great place to tuck away for a bit.
5	(Please note that I now understand why the Yelp iPhone app does not let you post reviews from your phone...it's because you end up with ones like this one.  However, the more sober and less sleep deprived version of me cannot bring myself to change anything below as it was drafted on the spot with friends and I am incredibly proud and would like to document my awesome spelling skills while out late at night.  I would like to add though that our group of 4 was able to purchase each round at Office Bar 1 for the price of one drink on the strip, which pretty much made up for the cost of the cab fair in one round.)Gambling is all fun and good and crucial to the economy of Nevada (according to the bartenders), BUT if you you want to have real fun at a real bar, you must take the time and cab fair to hit up this bar. Visited and recommended by Vegas locals, this bar is just like the dives that I'd visit in Chicago. Real, comfortable, friendly staff, great place to hang out with friends and play a game of pool, feels like home...everything the strip is missing. And Colby is awesome.
4	This is not the kind of place I would frequent on the norm, HOWEVER, I am a local and have local friends that LOVE this place. Because of the great memories I have accrued form this bar, I give it 4 stars. If you wander in, you will always leave smelling of cigarettes and never of shame. The people who visit this bar are typically locals who all know eachother. The jukebox plays every song known to man. And the bartender, Vic, always puts a smile on my face. Funny guy. It is pretty easy to get HAMMERED as the drink prices are relatively low. There are a lot of gay bars close by so in the wee hours of the night/morning, you get the drunk gays who wander in and always guarantee a great time.
3	The Miller High Life is cheap.Dead the night I went, so I didn't stay long enough to get to know the bartenders or anybody there.
5	I've been living in Vegas for a lil over a year now, and this place has surely become my Vegas living room... especially because I work next door and live a hop, skip n a jump away ;) I love all ze bartendahs :) and the regulars are also like family. No complaints over here... except maybe Cory because he can't reach the top shelf. JUST KIDDING Cory!! (If you ever read this) hahaha
2	I like going there for darts sometimes... but the music when I went in last week was atrocious... gangster rap with about 10 white people and nobody was into it... I guess I'll go visit it again in another 7 years or so... or whenever I really wanna play darts and I happen to be across the street at double down.
