5	My wife wanted something done and we got a recommendation from friends about Modena laser center.  As always I think my wife is beautiful as she is but some times she dose not believe me.  So she got some Botox done and it was administerd by a board certified doctor.  I was impressed with the work and was really happy it was done by a real doctor, not some nurse or assistant.  When I think of a professional thoughtful clinic to get beauty enhancements done for my wife, it will be Modena Laser Center
5	Most amazing service, best prices, the staff was so friendly and the Doctor so knowledgeable! It makes such a difference when you go to a place that's managed by a Dr, gives you such peace of mind!I went in for a consult after my sister highly recommended this med spa. My first impression was very good: very clean, very professional, seemed like every little detail was attended to! Apparently, what really set this laser center apart from other ones is that it's run by a board certified Dr, but they still had very good prices, unlike those Dermatologists' offices that also do laser hair removal.Although I was a little reluctant to move forward with laser hair removal as I was afraid it'd be kinda painful, I  made the jump... as their little slogan says 'Hello Laser, Goodbye Razor' & I was tired of having to shave or wax all the time!!!! I am sooooo excited I did it, works best on underarms & bikini (it's virtually hair-free) & it's also amazing that the hair on arms & legs is so thin & grows so slow that I only have to shave once every few months :))))So if you're not almost hair-free like I am, why don't you make an appointment for a consultation, you won't be disappointed!!!! ;)
5	Wow!   They have great pricing and the owner is a board certified MD.  He met with me personally for my consult and then hetreated me himeslf!  Their office staff were very profesional while being very warm and friendly as well.  They were also very accommodating of my schedule, and I highly recommend them and their new Laser Machine.  It was amazing and painless. Both my wife and I love how our hair doesnt grow back after only 3 treatments.!   I suggest everyone shop around like we did as their pricing is very competitive and they really seem to care!  Very Professional, Low Prices and amazing results, give them a call as all our friends are trying them too and they love Modena !!
5	Amazing experience! I can not persuade anyone enough...who is considering laser hair removal, to choose Modena Med Spa!!!   I had extensively researched this procedure and comparison shopped with other local laser hair removal establishments before choosing Modena.  From Initially bring greeted by warm reception & efficient scheduling to the thorough consultation and actual laser hair removal procedure! I knew what to expect  every step of the way and the experienced staff guided me through a successful experience! Thank you! Thank you! Thank You!!!.... Crystal .... & all my other friends & family I've sent your way!!!
5	Great place for botox and other treatments. The front office staff is very polite and the waiting area is clean and calming.  They even have a Keurig for coffee while you wait! The doctor is very sweet and even apologizes for the little pinch during injections.  I would highly recommend Modena Med spa and will be going back very soon!
5	I'm not going to lie, I was very skeptical about buying Botox on a living social deal, but I took a chance and I'm glad I did. The office itself is small, quant and clean. Again, a little nervous but I was quickly put at ease when the MD sat me down in a consultation room & gave me his background & answered all of my "interview" questions, and he didn't get offended at all by my questions. I was happy that he did the mixing himself of the Botox and does it to what Allergan suggests, so no diluted Botox. Also I like that the injections are done by the physician. I am very picky about who I trust, your technique has to be spot on so you don't get any unexpected surprises like a droopy eye. I am happy with my results, looks natural. I will return.
1	Purchased botox coupon on social media site and not at all satisfied - even returned for touch up with no results...makes you wonder and question if syringe was saline or botox.  I would not recommend or return for services.
4	Modena is a conveniently located med spa , with a friendly and welcoming staff . Dr. Yazdan is one of the nicest doctors I have met and truly experienced in his field. He will be my skin care specialist for a long time coming. Dr. Yazdan also does amazing hair transplants!
5	I just have to say there's nothing I don't love about Modena. The staff are so knowledgable and welcoming. Dr.Yazdan makes me feel very comfortable and I feel I am getting the best of the best here. This is the place to go if you want excellent treatments done by a doctor who knows what he is doing.
5	Excellent establishment!
5	Dr. Yazdan & his staff are extremely professional. The medical assistants always make me feel comfortable & I have never waited more than a few minutes. If you're wondering about the pain, all I can say is it's nothing compared to waxing. I will never wax again! Now that I'm seeing such great results from their laser, I'm looking forward to starting laser hair removal on different areas especially since their prices are so reasonable!
5	Modena is the best med spa I've ever been to! From the high quality lasers and equipment to the cleanliness and friendly professional staff. Dr. Yazden knows how to run an establishment. I wouldn't go anywhere else.
5	I bought a Groupon for 6 sessions of microdermabrasion and had my last session today. Emmie was the one who took care me for all of the 6 sessions and she's very prompt, friendly and thorough. I highly recommend booking your next dermie appointment with her.
1	They get 1 star for friendly. The place had 1 person working and she wore 1 glove to do a micro- dermabraision on me. She didn't even wash her hands between clients. She didnt even make sure my face was clear of anything. She just began the treatment. I honestly think she is just the damn secretary. She took a part that was dirty and put it inside of alcohol in a jar to clean it (between clients). I feel it needed more sanitizing attention. After she scraped my face up she sent me home. I was like hey can i get some sunscreen? My skin went through a rough time after this i broke out severely from the bacteria.  Such a disappointing experience especially since i got this through a Groupon. They gave me the run around for months before i could even get in. I have two more visits available and i will never go back, nor would i send anyone i know there. If you care about your skin as much as i do then go elsewhere. The office looks clean. **** Poor hygiene, friendly woman though.
