5	Lorena and crew: Amazing!  They painted two of our houses at the same time.  Fact: The painters were professional, prompt and easy to talk toFact: They cleaned, prepped and painted fast, minimizing the disruption to my familyFact: They did a spectacular and professional paint jobFact: We have already referred them to 6 other houses and are happy to do so!Thank you Nunez Painting for doing a great job and keeping it in the family
5	Painted our entire house after extensive yet FAST prep work. Great job!!  Very impressive and price was right!!
5	We just relocated to AZ from CA and had a lot of work to do in our new home.  We don't know a whole lot of contractors just yet so we rely on Yelp reviews for many of our contractor needs. We were very impressed with Lorena from the start.  She was very responsive to our phone calls during the initial estimate as well as scheduling and performing the work.  We had the interior of our house painted while we were out of town.  We were absolutely impressed with the quality of work of Lorena and her crew.  It was obvious that they did a lot of prep work because the lines are so fresh and clean.We plan to have our exterior painted shortly and will definitely be a return customer!  Give them a try, you won't be disappointed.
5	Arrived on time and ready to get to work. The prep work was amazing which I think is about 90% of a good paint job. They covered everything in the room and got to work. The final result was great and they were done in a few hours less than quoted. I would have no issue recommending them. Thankful to finally find someone who does exactly what they say they are going to do! Thanks!
5	I was so pleased with the timeliness and professionalism of Nunez Painting.  They were quick to respond and set up an appointment for a quote and showed up as scheduled for the job.  They said the job would take two days to do, but they had extra hands on deck the day they came to paint and were able to complete our two story house in only one day!  They prepped everything by power washing the stucco first, pulling the rocks away from the foundation, repairing the stucco, sealing the seams, and covering windows, doors, and hardware.  They even restrained the front door!  They matched our paint colors perfectly and even entertained requests for price quotes from other paint companies (although, we decided to stick with the paint they originally quoted us because of the large price difference).  Their pricing was very attractive and they could more than likely get away with charging a bit more!  Overall, great quality and amazing value!  See pictures I have posted of their prep work on the side of my house and the picture of the back of my house after the job was finished.
