5	This place is really good if you're craving authentic Mexican food and are sick of Taco Bell (because Taco Bell sucks). It's a hole-in-the-wall that actually serves tripa and lengua, so you KNOW this place gets down!  It's cheap and family-owned, so the owners/waiters are very nice and attentive. Don't waste your time going to Roberto's...if you're in Henderson, try this place. They have weird hours but I think because of their location, they don't get much action.
5	El Panzon is soliddddddd. I had a lengua taco, a pastor taco, and an asada burrito for about $9 bucks and I was crazzyyy full.The meats are all rich and well seasoned while the portions of rice, beans, sour cream, and cheese were so good they just made me miss California. Of the mexican joints I tried in vegas, so far Panzon is my favorite
5	Best buche tacos in Vegas.
5	As soon as I walked in I was reminded of the hole-in-the-wall mom & pop taquerias down in San Diego that I miss so much. Taco Bell this was definitely not...and I was instantly excited to try their food!I ordered a carnitas burrito, my standard fast food Mexican restaurant order so that I could compare it with carnitas past. The cashier asked if I wanted "everything" on it. Figured she meant carnitas, pico de gallo and guacamole. Nope, she meant everything: carnitas, rice, beans, pico de gallo, a healthy handful of very fresh cilantro. It was stuffed!Got it to go and when I got back to my office about 15 minutes away, I was happy to find it was still hot when I unwrapped it. But then I realized there hadn't been a salsa bar and I forgot to ask for sauce. :(The first bite revealed that it didn't need sauce at all! Everything was perfectly spiced and delicious. I don't remember stopping to breathe the entire time I was demolishing it...it was THAT good. (I did manage to pause long enough to photograph it though; photo in the gallery.)Can't wait to return again this weekend. Heck, who am I kidding? Can't wait to return tomorrow! YUM!
4	great tacos, so good you dont need to add any thing for flavor i would recommend
5	Growing up in a household eating delicious authentic Mexican food, I'm very picky when it comes to Mexican restaurants. I would like to say that El Panzon is as close as I've found to the taquerias in Tijuana and my mom's cooking. My mom rocks, just saying... My favorite thing to order here are their tacos. I love to order buche, lengua and tripa. Yeah, these might not be for everyone, but they are my personal favorites. If you aren't an adventurous eater, you can't go wrong with their carnitas or carne asada tacos. My boyfriend also loves their chicken tortas as well as their sopes. Not only are their tortas, tacos, sopes and huaraches amazing, they also have great people working there. Rosy is a sweetheart! I have yet to ask her if she is the owner. She very well may be since she's always there. She knows me by name and even recognizes me over the phone when I call in my order. I'm so happy to have this awesome hole in the wall near me.
2	From a service standpoint I would have given Tortas Y Tacos El Panzon Five glowing stars. It's clear that this is a family run operation and the two ladies working were fantastic the day my wife and I ate here. I was considering a bean & cheese burrito so they allowed me to test their beans (1 extra star given just for this). So let's get to the food itself. After trying the beans (they were very good) I decided to go with a combo plate, Cheese Enchilada's with Rice & Beans while my wife ordered the Bean & Cheese burrito with extra cheese - there can never be enough cheese. The first problem we had wasn't with the food, but with our beverage options. They ran out of coke in their fountain drinks. That narrowed the choices down to Diet Coke, Sprite, and Fanta Orange - all wonderful in their own right, just not for me. Minimal damage (but shouldn't you have extra's??). So then came the chips and salsa, which was a nice surprise considering this is a taco shop. The major problem was with the entree's. Portion size was fantastic with my enchilada's. The rice and beans were far above average. The problem was the enchilada's. There is no way that these were fresh. The red sauce looked as though it had been sitting on the tortilla's for quote some time - almost as if they were made days in advance then microwaved warm. I understand most Mexican restaurants pre-make several of their dishes, I take no issue with that. However, when it's completely obvious that these aren't relatively fresh I have a major problem. It's too bad because they actually tasted pretty good, I can only imagine how good they would be if they were fresh...The next issue was with my wife's bean and cheese burrito. The cheese tasted old. Bleh. Not good, very bad. When you have an item with three key components (tortialla, beans, cheese) and one of them is jacked up, it messes up everything. I tasted the cheese, it wasn't good. It's too bad, from a service standpoint this place was pretty good, from a quality standpoint it was pretty bad. **No one got sick, but we both felt pretty bad a few hours after eating here. I doubt I'll give Tortas Y Tacos El Panzon a second chance since Pepe's Taco's 7 or 8 minutes down the road.
5	Being a Mexican food lover i must say that Tacos y Tortas El Panzon has given me to opportunity to try some of the most delicious and authentic Mexican food in Las Vegas. I was very impressed by their salsas and the quality of their customer service. I will definitely recommend their food and i must say they have the BEST tacos in ALL Las Vegas!
3	Chimichangas are very good and filling....couldn't finish it. The salsa was decent and slightly spicy.  Had a peach Margarita...very yummy and strong.
4	Legit mexican food, decent prices, close to my house.A half step above Roberto's, etc, in quality and atmosphere.
5	I have been on a quest for great Mexican food and this is the first place worth writing a review.  I am from Cali and this place feels like home.
4	I ate here once and can't stop thinking about how refreshing the Horchata is. It's so rich and cool on contact. Tacos were decent, a little tough to chew. But seriously though, the Horchata is bomb. Thanks for the horchata. Ok, you get it, how many times did I mention the horchata in this review. ...That's the point.
5	I have been searching for good Mexican food since I moved here December 2011. I had a place I loved in AZ and even found a place in Alaska of all places but for some reason Vegas was lacking in my kind of Mexican food! Being pregnant, when you crave something, you go somewhat crazy till you get it, so in desperation I came on yelp to find something with some good reviews and found El Panzon! My hubby and I left immediately to try it and I got the green chicken enchiladas and I was SO pleased! Now I can have my Mexican fix when I crave it, which happens a lot! Thanks to all the previous reviewers who saved me from going crazy from cravings!
2	Sorry, I wanted to like this place.  Very nice owner/server.First this is a very tiny place.  Someone posted they ordered a marguerita and I cannot imagine this place ever having a liquor license.  Beverages were pretty much in the can or from the soda fountain only.  That was no big deal but we were hoping to go somewhere where you could have a few drinks.Had Carne Asada tacos (just OK), Tripe tacos (better than the Carne Asada), Carnitas (probably the best choice) and Adobada (the worst).  We were there with no one else in the place.  Salsa is very good but chips are obviously from a bag (no surprise as this is a tiny low volume restaurant).  We ate our tacos and left wishing we'd tried something else.  Again not bad food but after seeing all the hype here on Yelp, we were very much let down.
5	This place has the best tacos I've had in Vegas so far. Finally a place that has real meat and authentic Mexican food. If you're looking for drinks and a Vegas scene then go to the strip. If you want great food with great service from a nice hole in the wall place then this is it. Everything tasted home made and this will be my Mexican food choice every time in Vegas.
4	Finally something close to home that is not a Roberto's!I've been searching for a place to grab some legit tacos without it being a sit-down restaurant or making a drive outside of Henderson for quite sometime. I turned to yelp for my search and they recommended this place. Thanks yelp, I owe you one. Upon arrival today, 1/16/13, I thought the place was closed. The inside was dark compared to the Port of Subs and Smoke shop it sits in between. Yet to have eaten, I exited the car with my fingers crossed. The door was unlocked - yes! With no one in sight, not even an employee, i walked up to the counter. (If i had to cook the food myself i would have, i was starving.) Luckily, an employee popped her head from behind the kitchen. She was kind and let me know that all the tacos were a $1.40, even the carne-asada tacos which are usually more expensive at other places i've been. I ordered four (two chicken, one pork, one carne) with everything, to go. As I drove home, the delicious scent of the tacos were louder than my sound system. I picked up the bag to get a better whiff. Somehow it escaped me but the tacos were not in a box or container, but on a paper plate wrapped in tin-foil. For some reason, I liked it! It made me feel like i just came from a house party and took someones mothers authentic home-cooked tacos as a parting gift. The tacos were STUFFED with meat. So much, that i had to take the second layer of tortilla and make a makeshift additional taco. (Am i the only who does that?) The chicken, was good. The carne-asada, not the best.(probably wouldn't get it again) The pork, the pork literally brought tears to my eyes, the reason why i'm even writing this, is for the pork taco. All praises to the pork taco. I have to go back and get more of the pork tacos, maybe even tomorrow - maybe even tonight. When ever i do return, i definitely want to dive more into the menu as well. With the price and quality of the meat per taco, I recommend this place. The carne-asada may have been a fluke today and thats the only reason i can't give it a full 5-stars.Until next time. And if you know of a place (preferably in Henderson) with similar prices and tacos that you think are just a good - let me know.
5	I'm from Los Angeles California I grew up with traditional Mexican parents and traditional Mexican food. Since moving to Nevada I have been to numerous taco shops some ok, some horrible!!! After coming here I was an immediate regular. This place is the most authentic taco shop I have been to in southern Nevada. The food is excellent, great taste. The lady's that work their are very nice and humble. I feel like I'm at my moms kitchen! If you don't mind a hole in the wall and are looking for authentic Mexican food then this is it. I don't usually write reviews but this place is definitely worth the time to let people know about my experience(s).
5	big fan, the tortas are outstanding, but everything so far I have tried is great!
5	Tacos are Great!!! Love the pozole it is very very  delicious and I also enjoy the torta ahogada with the salsa picosa that is served on the side.
4	I had the carnitas tacos and cheese enchiladas. Both were amazing... the carnitas was marinated perfectly, the enchilada had queso fresco and onions in it. Absolutely delicious!! the red sauce they put on there enchiladas is awesome. The people that work there are super friendly. Can't wait to come back. I would definitely recommend this taqueria shop.
4	Went here recently and this place is pretty good. Although, make sure you have plenty of time if you go during the lunch rush. The same lady who does your ordering, cashiering, also is your cook and your waitress!I'm a little wary of the ants roaming around...not sure what I'll find roaming in the back if they let ants around freely...but I'll give this place the benefit of the doubt and just give stars based on the food. Good flavor, tastes authentic, sweet staff, I mean, sweet person.
4	DOS MAMACITASPanzon translates to "potbelly" in Spanish. Don't worry the two ladies behind the counter could care less how you look.  Prices are open range cheap.Carnitas tacos would make Pancho Villa's lay down his pistolas. As for the menudo, a reminder of a never ending slow and dreamy cattle drive. An aroma you can't forget. No doubt this taqueria is for the hombres whose wives are still asleep at home.
5	Went there for the first time today and my god... It was amazing. Second best taco shop I've ever been to. (when it comes to burritos anyways)I ordered a California Burrito al Pastor (not on the menu but the very nice lady behind the desk was happy to accommodate my order) and three orders of tacos: one carne asada, and two carnitas.My burrito was $4.60 and each taco was $1.50. AMAZING prices and it was done in 10 minutes.The burrito was excellent, second best I ever had even, but the tacos were the real stars. Best I ever had. Also, the place smelled AMAZING when i walked in.
2	Tacos were great...for what they had available.  This what was on the menu:  Carne Asada, Carnitas, Adobada, Buche, Cabeza, Lengua, Pollo, Cameron, Suadero.  Great selection, right?  Well, this is what was available:  Asada, Carnitas, Pollo, Cabeza.  So everything I was craving wasn't there.  I opted for 1 each of what they did have and had a decent meal anyway.  Oh yeah, they were also out of fountain sodas (despite the big soda machine staring me in the face) so I was limited to their can options.  Good food, large menu of false hopes.
5	Food is very authentic and pretty much the closest authentic Mexican close to green valley! Awesome tacos great bang for your buck!
5	Thank God!!! Finally I discovered a great taqueria in this city. LA mexican food is the best and I miss it every second of every day. This place can satisfy my need for tacos til I can get back home and stuff my face. I've never understood how a city with a large Mexican population could have such awful Mexican food. Like that nasty place that starts with a R....., people like that here and have the nerve to call it Mexican food. Listen, if you think Mexicans eat carne asada fries you should be punched.
5	If "awesome hole in the wall Mexican joint" was a dictionary term, you'd see a picture of this restaurant in Webster's.I was first here around a year ago and ordered a fairly safe carne asada torta. I think it was under $5 then, and it's still under $5 now. We had a fairly large group and kinda overwhelmed the small kitchen, so we had to take our entrees to go after eating some chips and salsa while still in the restaurant. The torta was really awesome, although I was disappointed that I had to eat it in a hurry.Today, I made my own taco sampler with one each of the buche, cabeza, adobada, and carne asada tacos.  $1.40 is a tough price to match, but what's even more important is how great they all tasted!I started with the buche, which purports to be from a pig's esophagus but ate a lot like some roast pork I've had with great crisped up skin. The crunchiness was different from what I've had before. Next up was carne asada, which was probably my favorite because it was just so packed with savoriness. The adobada was almost as good and carried plenty of sweetness, and it didn't suffer from overcooked meat syndrome even though I had walked into an empty restaurant. Finally, the cabeza was definitely good and wasn't even completely fatty. There was also some solid yet still soft head meat.For all you people who are currently nuts about tacos over on Tropicana, head on to this strip mall near Sunset and Sandhill and park right next to Port of Subs, and make sure to give yourself enough time. You'll love this place.
2	I went here because of all the reviews on here but quickly turned away when I saw the giant "C" the health department had given them.
2	The carne asada was pretty good but I wouldn't go back. No napkins in the holder and there were dead gnats in the soda machine. Very gross.
2	This place is just down the street from my work. So today I figured I'd give it a try and I was so excited because it looked legit! So let's do this chronologically:I start by asking the cashier what is in their tortas aside from your choice of meat. She lists off a few ingredients including: beans, lettuce, tomato, jalapeno, avocado, etc. I feel like she said there were more things included in the torta but maybe that was it. Maybe she said salsa? So I order a Torta de Milanesa with everything except tomato. No tomato. And an horchata to drink. I ordered dine-in because I didn't feel like going back to my windowless office to eat. So far so good, and the lady seems nice enough. She gives me my horchata immediately and I turn to look for a seat. I had to take the empty chip basket and salsa dishes off my table before sitting because it hadn't been cleaned yet. I see three people come up and place an order after I've taken my seat. I've been sitting there for a while and realize I haven't been brought any chips and salsa - no biggie, I don't need it. About 15 minutes go by - I'm still waiting for my food and I just watched two of the people who came in after me get their food and leave. The lady comes to my table and I'm thinking she's bringing my torta - NOPE: chips and salsa. At least the chips were warm. The salsa was tasty but a little weak on the spice level. Over 5 minutes go by and I see the 3rd person get their order and walk out. As I'm turning to say something to the lady - she comes out with my torta. It took over 20 minutes just to get my food. I'm thinking - if the food is worth it, I'll just place my order over the phone ahead of time next time. The torta de milanesa was decent at best.  First - the ONE specification I made was NO TOMATO. It had FOUR slices of tomato - which is really generous if you happen to like tomato - which I don't. The bread was slightly over-toasted so it had a slight burnt taste; there were NO jalapenos on my torta; and they skimped on the avocado. The least I can say is that it tasted good, but after 20 minutes I expected something MUCH better. Needless to say - I'm not in a rush to return to this place. The service was slow and my meal was disappointing. Maybe in a few weeks or months I'll give it a 2nd try - after I've made my rounds at the other local Mexican places.
4	Walking around I found this small Mexican spot. I came in and saw they had a wide variety of tortas and taco.. As well as mariscos..  So I'm in the mood for breakfast and ordered the machaca plate..First they bring a salsa and chips, which chips are good, salsa was good you get two. The dark red salsa has a very good taste as well a small kick to it. The other salsa is lite pico de gallo.. No kick to it..The plate of machaca comes with rice, beans and a salad.. Not too shabby, it's not a bad deal for seven bucks!! Including a drink... I'll come back again.. Service is second to none..
5	Hands down the best Mexican food I've had in Vegas. Upscale or sit down places do not hold a candle to this joint. It is "hole in the wall" but I want an IV of their salsa running through my veins at all times! Heat and flavor. Food great and the owners are crazy nice.
5	Excellent hole in the wall Mexican food. Highly recommend. Had the beef tacos and they were excellent.
5	This place is amazing! Not only is the food wonderful and the people friendly, THEY CATER FOR PARTIES! The price is very reasonable and they hook you up with a ton of food. We ordered food for our housewarming party for 30 people, we had enough for guests to have second helpings and take a plate to go! They also included toppings such and cilantro and onions and salsas! Did I mention Churros!!!? Yes we had those at our party as well.... A whole delicious cinnamon/sugar box of Churros!!!!
5	Great food. Friendly staff. Great prices. I do not speak spanish and have always felt comfortable there.
5	This was my first time here. The employees were very friendly when I arrived. I went with Camarrones Rancheros. It was great and well worth the $11.
3	I remember coming here a few years ago and the food was GREAT! I recently visited this place as i was in the area and was very disappointed. The food was mediocre this time around maybe the regular cook was out... I will try this place again and hopefully it taste the same as I remember.
4	Family locally owned business , yay, love those!! A friend liked his burrito which was too big to finish in one meal. I can only rate on the sopes, the only thing I order there since they are so good & not easy to find around Vegas. Love that the owner who is the usual cook in back, will make me a special vegan order with beans, lettuce, tomatoes & avocado. Traditional food, not Americanized. Which means the salsa is thin, not pico de gallo style, but it's flavorful & I don't really need to fill up on chips & salsa there anyway.
3	I love a hole in the wall so I'm good with the atmosphere. Slow service, great tacos carne asada El pastor. Chile rellenos was middle of the road. Cleanliness was average at best. Not baja style. Someone else said it was L.A. style. Maybe it's a four star place if L.A. is the standard. I wouldn't know, I'm a gringa from Vegas.
5	Finally found a Mexican restaurant that is great! We came on a Monday and there was only 2 women and it is a very tiny place with cheap looking menus but I was very pleased with the food. They were very friendly. We ordered bean and cheese burrito a, shredded beef nachos, beef fajitas plate, a sad a tacos and rice and beans. Spent 40 bucks for all of it. The asada tacos are 1.40 a piece as well as the other meats. They brought out 3 different kinds of salads and all three were great and different. The fajitas portion was a great size and full of flavor!!!!! The asada tacos were some of the beat I have had here in vegas, the beans were so yummy, and the nachos were so good and so cheap! The presentation of the nachos was awesome as well. I will definitely be back to visit even though its a good 30 minutes away. And would definitely recommend this to everyone for some good Mexican!
5	Ok first for my gringo husband. Loves this place.. Loves their shredded beef burrito extra hot smothered sauce.. People are nice there too. I like their taquitos I've just never seen quacamole that florescent green before. It still has me in question?? Either way food was good and spicy.
3	It seems as if I cannot find a legit Mexican restaurant in Vegas, all the best ones are definitely in California! I came here because I had a taco craving. I ordered carne asada tacos to go and waited about a good 10 minutes, mind you there was no one ahead of me. There was limited seating since most of the tables were dirty and still had plates on them. When I got home, I was starving. I took my first bite and it felt as if my mouth was on fire! I usually like a little kick but this was honestly too much. I'm not sure what kind of salsa/sauce that was but I will order without from now on. Tacos were okay, not great. Probably will try something else next time.
4	This place is inconsistent. Other day my husband went in and ordered breakfast burrito and waited about 15 mins. He asked guy how much longer guy said 45 mins for breakfast burrito.  seriously. We asked for refund and went somewhere else. Had to get to work. He did apologize....
5	Now this is what you call Mexican food... The best tacos, tortas, fajitas & carnitas... This is the spot to come to...I just love it!
5	Best tacos in town,  the fajitas are delicious and the carnitas are OMG!! The bomb. Fast service  very friendly highly recommended to anyone that's in town, and even if your not from vegas it's a must try.
5	This is hands down my favorite place to get a breakfast burrito since I've moved to Las Vegas in 2004. I'm originally from Los Angeles where all the best Mexican food is made but have been unable to find anything remotely close to it here in Vegas. I've found this place as it's not too far from my office and went there one day. I've ordered a chorizo burrito with no cheese (no clue if it has cheese. Just everything I order, I must specify "no cheese" because I don't like cheese on anything). It took a while for it to be made but once it came out with a side of hot salsa, it was perfection. It was a nice size and perfect price (I believe it's $4.85... I don't pay too much attention as I usually pay $6 to include a tip).Since then, I've gotten a copy of their business card and learn if I want a burrito, I call ahead and pick it up 10 minutes after I placed my order so I'm not waiting there too long. After reading the reviews from others, I will try their lunch burrito to see if it's just as good.
5	It takes a while to get your food here, but it's totally worth it. The food here is AMAZING!!!
4	Great street tacos and a mean carne asada burrito. Their hot sauce has got a really nice kick to it and will leave your tastebuds flaring. Togo Service was really good as well.Will definitely be back.
