4	Nice Harkins in an area of the far east valley with no other theaters. Consequently, it is always crowded. But the theater is well-kept and efficient at handling the crowds. The seating is very comfortable (I especially like the 2-person "love" seats). If you're into popcorn, try the popcorn seasonings on the sides of the concession stand.
3	This movie theater always has the newest/best movies available, the theater is always clean, and the staff is helpful. The biggest downside to this location is its....location. It's the only theater out this far east which makes it EXTREMELY crowded during the nighttime and on weekends. On the opening weekend of a movie, you need to buy your tickets ahead of time or come at least an hour before showtime if it's a hot movie.
3	I spent most of my teenaged years hanging out at this theatre with my friends.  I tend to avoid it now that I live in Downtown Phoenix and have experienced much better theatres closer to my home.  We went last weekend to see Star Trek with my family and it was an okay experience.  It was a mid afternoon showing, but of course the parking lot was practically full and the lines to buy tickets were long.  Luckily, they have the kiosk ticket machines where you can buy yourself.  Those are on the inside.  We bought our tickets and rushed into the theatre.  We had about 30 minutes before the movie, but it was already packed.  I tell you this to illustrate the point that you usually have to come like an hour before any new release to get decent seats.  That is really not cool.  The aisles are uncomfortably small and the rocking seats get annoying when the person in front of you is overly-enthusiastic about their newfound mobility.  The concession lines are usually kind of long but move fairly quickly.  There is always one line, that I always end up in, that moves drastically slower than the rest.  Oh well.  Prices are fine, but I like my 5 dollar movies over at AMC better.  Overall, not a bad theatre, but I will always choose an AMC over Harkins if I am given the choice.  If you live out in the far East Valley, than this isn't a bad theatre, but you don't really have a choice.
1	This is by far the worst theater I have ever went to in my life. We went on a Thursday and there were a bunch of pimple faced teenagers hanging around cussing, riding bikes, talking loudly as they seem to always do...anyway, I didnt want to upset my husband because he really wanted to see this movie.....We paid for tickets, still at a ridiculous price...walked in to a dirty entry way with some gothic idiot slurring and pointing to where the theater was located....the popcorn looked liked it was about to roll out its sleeping bag for the third night in a row....the slurpee machine spat out all over the outside of the cup and they didnt even clean it up or put it in another cup....By the way what is up with employers letting these kids have this wacked out surfer hair while at work. I feel like I am talking to a pomeranian with cystic acne....there are no beaches in Arizona, so why do you look like you spent the day surfing and playing an acoustic guitar outside Taco Tuesday for change....The theaters are small and crowded and everyone seems to save seats, they will sell the front two rows so be prepared.We got our money back before it started...this place is not cool.Lock it up.You are still Harkins, which is a well-known name....
2	I had been to this theater many times in the past but after a recent trip I had to ask myself, what happened? Over priced tickets for movies that have been out for several months, I do not think so. I went there with my nephew to see one of those Disney kid flicks and could not believe they had a huge line being handled by only 2 people. Here it is over 100 degrees and me waiting in line. So I decide to go inside and buy tickets from the ticket kiosk. Big mistake!! The machine did not work correctly and told me that it could not complete the transaction. So after speaking to a clueless manager who acted like I was wasting her time by asking for her help,  she goes and prints out two tickets. So before we headed into the movie we stopped to get a drink at the concession stand. Guess what? Another big line with only one or two people working. So after paying 4 dollars for a drink and $3.50 for a small popcorn that was old and stale ( requested fresh popcorn) I made a quick stop at the bathroom. It was one of the worst experiences of my life. It was dirty, with paper towels on the ground and toilets that would not flush. To top it all off later that evening I found out that I had been charged 100 dollars for two tickets!! Turns out the ticket machine put through the charge but would not print my tickets. When I called the theater they said it happens all the time. They offered no solution to the problem and I had to spend three hours on the phone with the bank to get the charges reversed. If you want to see a film, hit the local red box or blockbuster video and pick up snacks from the dollar store. Cost of movie and candy $10. Not paying $100.00 to see Star Trek, priceless.
1	It would be more truthful to give this location 0 stars because I was not even able to buy tickets.  Apparently being 19 and related to the person is not enough for buying them a ticket to a rated R movie.Very disappointed in their customer service and will never visit this Harkins again.
3	While I still feel the same way about this place I have noticed that the bathroom was a lot cleaner this time around. Since it was my birthday I was also treated to a free popcorn after showing the nice ticket lady my ID. Like I said before this place can be real hit and miss. When not having to deal with their crappy ticket machine or having to side step toilet paper debris in the men's room it can be great. But with higher ticket prices( 9.50 for an adult) and $4.50 for a loyalty cup all I can say is ouch.  So in the spirit of fairness I add one more star to my review, but harkins just make sure you do not make me regret it LOL. Now lights, camera, lets go to the show.Action!!
3	I'm not really a fan of Harkins theaters. I'd much rather go to an AMC. This location is much like the rest, kinda trashy and in dire need of a remodel. I don't like that the concession stand doesn't do meal deals. The seats recline but that's probably the best thing about it. I'd recommend going during the day because its only $7 a person. I don't know if I'd be willing to pay any more than that for the experience.
3	Reclining chairs with arm rests that rise are very comfortable. Movie prices are rising more and more.
3	This movie theater complex is huge with 25 theaters.  I've been here a couple times now and my biggest gripe is all the traffic in the parking lot.  It's really not laid out very well and if you're dropping someone off or picking them at the door, it's like an obstacle course trying not to hit anyone.That being said, they have ample cashiers to buy tix, the lines move quickly and I haven't had to wait more than 5 minutes.  Same thing with the concession stand, they have a lot of cashiers and the lines move quickly.  The prices are expensive for a soda and popcorn, but I think that's the same everywhere.  I have my Harkins cup and the $1 refills more than makes up for the $4.50 price.The theaters themselves are clean but the concession area is a mess and dirty behind the counter and the bathrooms could use a little more attention (and a few more stalls for the ladies!)I wish I had read Ricky's review before I went today, I could have had free popcorn for my bday!I like the idea it's locally owned and I'm sure I'll be back next time I want to go to the movies.
3	I am not much of a movie-goer but more of a buy the DVD and watch it at home. But I really really really wanted to see Little Fuckers! I won't go into any detail on the movie as this is about the theater itself. For a 150p movie the parking lot was packed. I paid $7 for my ticket and the gentleman behind the counter was very pleasant and so was the ticket taker. We proceeded to get our sodas and popcorn. I had to ask what kind of oil they used and then the guy behind the counter had to go ask a manager. She came and said canola oil. Yeah! Popcorn no extra flavoring and my orange fanta and I was good to go. The theater was clean, only 8 other people in the theaters besides us. I didn't use the bathroom as I would rather wait to get home then use a public restroom, they are for necessities only!!!!!!
3	Its a big movie theater and i went to go see bad teacher opening weekend, but i was in the smallest theater ever i think that they should have given it a bigger theater.
4	This is my second favorite location behind San Tan Harkins, it has alot of screens so there is always open seats even in the busiest times of the week. If you dont have kids and are looking for the day care some harkins have go here and watch a movie.Pros -  Very clean, 25 theathers so just about every one is big, very good service, no theather police so movie hop away.Cons - If you arrive at movie later in the day don't try to find a close parking spot they fill up quickly.Comments -  Love going here for early movies when I dont bring my daughter to a movie she can't or don't want to watch.
3	Typical movie theater, plenty of screens, paying for tickets online and picking up at the kiosk a much quicker option than waiting in line to buy tickets, you can also buy tickets at the kiosk. Snack bar is a little slow and the parking lot could of been designed a little better, it's always a pain getting in and out of during the weekend.
3	Movie theatre is the typical Harkins experience.  Fairly new movie theatre, $1.00 drink cups, etc.  The reason behind the just 3 star rating?  Parking SUCKS.  Not enough spots, drove around for at least 10 minutes looking for a spot.
4	I really like Harkins Theaters. I was a big fan of Regal when I lived in Atlanta, sometimes went to AMC, but here in Arizona Harkins is my choice. In comparing it to other options, the ticket prices are around the same. What really sells it for me is the t-shirt & cup loyalty program. This year the cup is the same $4.95 price, but the shirt is a little more than last year. Still, if you are a regular movie watcher it is well worth it. I typically go every weekend so it pays for itself quickly. With the loyalty program the cup can be refilled for $1 and bringing the shirt (you don't even have to wear it) gets you a free medium popcorn. If you are with someone, upgrade it for $1. My friend and I usually go to the movies together. We each have a cup and we have 1 shirt. For $3 we walk away with 1 large popcorn and 2 drinks. When traveling to New England last fall and going to the movies we were reminded that not all movie chains are created equal especially when the concession prices for a large popcorn and drinks were $15! My typical Harkins has been San Tan, but occasionally I liked to go to this Superstition off of Power Road. The advantage is at San Tan there is mall traffic to deal with. I usually go early so getting in isn't a problem, but getting out is a different story. At Superstition you don't have to contend with that - easy in, easy out. The lobby is big and usually has several lanes of concessions open to speed customers through the process. Now that I moved to Gilbert Road, this location is closer for me anyway, so it will be my new regular. Plus there are many restaurants nearby to make it a full night of dinner (or lunch) and a movie.
4	My husband and I went to see "Act of Valor", good movie go see it.  :-)  I'll always be a fan of Harkins, it's a local chain that is based in Phoenix and has locations in other states.  When we were at this location it appears to be in remodel phase which is a great sign.  The location is not in the mall but a stand alone so you don't have to worry that the mall doors are locked when you leave a late movie.  Always love the staff at a Harkins theater.
4	My husband and I took the kids to see "The Lorax" and man, was it packed! We had to sit down in the bottom section, but it didn't hurt my neck too bad. And the theater was clean & cool as always. Popcorn tasted good, red vines were soft, and they actually have Dr. Pepper, not Mr. Pibb.
4	I'm a bigtime movie lover, and have been a customer at this location for over a decade.  Despite my long-time patronage, I have yet to experience anything less than ideal.  The lines move swiftly, both outside and inside.  I especially have to mention the employees who take your ticket once through the door.  Without fail, I've found them to be friendly and welcoming.  The temperature is right.  And the movies, with few exceptions, have begun when expected.  Overall, many excellent experiences here.
4	I like this theater, 25 screens so good variety. Good matinee prices ($7). Buy the reusable drink cup for $4.75. Bring it back each time for $1 refills.
4	Hunger Games with the Fam!! Then Cold Stone for a late night dessert! Avengers was an awesome movie and the theater was the best!
5	Love this theater.  We go there all the time.  We have the souvenier cups and loyalty shirt to get discounts on soda and popcorn.
3	I would see more movies here if they had new movies at other times than 7 and 940. Why doesn't anyone have anything around 8? Always crowded, sometimes dirty, but it's close to home.
5	Harkins is my go to theater, especially for matinees. Their popcorn is always delicious, the seats are comfortable, and they always have a good selection of new movies with varying times. Coming from a state where Regal and AMC were my options, Harkis was a huge step up! The multiple popcorn flavorings were the first thing I noticed, lol, which are now all over. Parmesan garlic!?!? Yum. :-)
5	Good service at concessions stand. Theatres nice and clean and staff is friendly
4	This is the theatre that my wife and I appear to go to the most.  They seem to have the widest selection of movies at any given time, the most variety of movies, and the overall best price.  I definitely think this is a good place to go and see a movie.
3	We frequent this theatre being as it is very close to our home and therefore making it easy to visit.  Not too much special about it, it's generally clean and the ticket taker, Gary, is the bomb!!!!  The bathrooms used to be a major issue here but they have stepped it up and now we never have the issues we had prior.I see a ton of managers every time we come to see a movie, almost TOO many to be honest.  They are generally talking with each other and not directing or assisting their employees.  More time spent with employees instead of each other might help the employees to better perform their duties or maybe a labor review is in order?
3	I think it is time for a little freshening up at this location. I love Harkins and their deals for drinks and popcorn. However, after visiting a newer location, I realized just how bad the speakers are at this location. Harkings is still my favorite go to theater. This theater is always clean, has plenty of staff, and everyone is friendly. Just time to upgrade the sound!
1	Went there on Tuesday for a movie screening. Understanding Harkins is not responsible for how the Screening company runs it's program, I still rank this particular theater low for a disappointing lack of customer service.After waiting over an hour for a sneak preview we were bumped from the line based on our age (not Harkins fault) and given free passes good for only that day. All movies weren't playing for another hour so we asked Harkins if we could have different passes. They refused. Which they have the right to do, however I was surprised at the tone of "You know what you were coming to and shouldn't be surprised with the result. You should be happy you got free passes at all."I used to work at Harkins, not this one, and I know one person is not a representation of the theater but there's a mentality that the movie is going to show no matter what. If you have an upset client it doesn't cost the theater much to throw them a free pass. I realized later I should have give our free passes to the next regular movie goers to prove my point.
5	Love everything about Harkins no matter the location.The great customer service is always consistent.
4	Pretty Good theater. Nice comfy seats that the arm rests can fold up. Plus the seats are able to slightly recline.....unless its just cause Im a big dude. But anyhows, it was comfortable. I like this theater cause they let you add as much popcorn seasoning, and thats important in watching movies.  Nice and clean. I have always had good experiences here.
3	3.5 stars....Clean. A lot of staff working the ticket window. Frequent showtimes.Five of us came to see Monsters University. Luckily we were early enough to get seats together. When my husband and his mom went to get some snacks, the theater started filling up. They were gone for about 15 minutes and when my husband got back he said that it was really busy at the snack bar. His mom ordered the kids some soft pretzels and had to go wait in a separate hot food line which resulted in an even longer wait. My advice, get there early.
4	Love Harkins, way better than AMC. Prices are awesome snacks are good, customer service is good. Good place to keep cool and see a movie in the summer, huge theaters and clear sound, not skipping or dots on the screen.
5	YAY IT'S A MOVIE THEATRE!They play movies, and do movie theatre things.I've never had an issue with screens or whatever, so I don't mind it at all.The parking is good too.It's just like every other Harkins.
4	This is another great Harkins location. I had never been to this one before. I came here with my girlfriend to see Catching Fire. She lives out near this location so that is why it was picked. For an opening weekend the theater wasn't that packed not that I am complaining.I was nice and clean and the staff was very friendly just like all of the other Harkins locations.I will definitely keep coming back since it is near where my girlfriend lives and I like Harkins Theaters the best.
4	Nice theater. Always clean, staff is abundant and always visible cleaning and walking around. But the snack bar attendants are slower than molasses!! It is so frustrating. There is no sense of urgency whatsoever, it is like watching a movie in slow motion. I am not a slow paced person by nature so I literally want to jump behind the snack counter and do it myself.... I have never been a snack bar server, so maybe I shouldn't judge the severity of the work, since I haven't done it, so I will give them the benefit of the doubt, but I ran two miles, made a sandwich, did 3 pages of 3rd grade common core math  and washed my hair all while writing this review, so how hard can it be to scoop a bag of popcorn and pour me a coke?
4	I love this place, been watching movies here for years. This was my oldest first job, which she loved! My kids have practically slept here camping out to see movies like The Dark Night Rises and Harry Potter! We've often filled up a row with our family and friends, good memories and good times! I know movies can be a bit pricey but if you splurge in the beginning with refillable cups and a popcorn t-shirt(which make great christmas gifts) it is totally worth it! We usually get our free popcorn, do an updgrade in size for a dollar and you can  refill it for free or save it for later.The service is always quick and friendly, the theaters are clean. I love the addition of the hot pickles to the snack bar and the nachos with jalapenos are always great for sharing and my princess loves the kid tray with popcorn, icey, and fruit snacks! Great place for movies and family fun!
3	Seats are uncomfortable People that take tickets & work there are nice And friendly. I am use to newer updated theaters like there are in WA state. The seats need to be updated.
5	Our favorite movie theater & its super close to our home. Always clean. Always very friendly. Plenty of screens & showtimes for whatever movie you want to see. Comfy rocking seat backs, even for someone as tall ad me @ 6'6".We don't always go out to the movies, but when we do....we go to Harkins Superstition Springs.
4	We visited this Harkins a few weeks back to see Non-Stop (opening weekend).Pretty standard for a Harkins, It seemed to be a very big one.I wish I would remember the name, the young man that helped me at the concessions was very nice and friendly. He packed my popcorn well, layered the butter, and filled the bag all the way to the top as it should be done : )The only con is that I have been trying to stay away from soda and on occassion I have my Harkins courtesy cup filled with water. Well, the water at other locations has been good, but this one tasted bad.
1	The
5	This location is not too far away from our place. Harkins is always neat. Great customer service. My kids love going to this location. We're not crazy about buying snacks inside though. It's crazy! That's why we always eat before we go watch a movie there lol
4	This isnt my favorite Harkins, it is a lot busier than others in the East valley. The theaters are always hella cold too, but sometimes you have to bite the bullet because they have the best shows times. A plus is their staff is always very nice.
5	Always a favorite place for me. I love movies and it is great that they have a popcorn shirt and a cup. Makes the price of the movie acceptable when the concessions are free or cheap. I have been so much that I have a knowledge of what theater is a small one and which ones are big ones. The seats especially in the front bar row could be replaced as they have lost their spring. For the most part it is the best theater around. Much better than AMC. Harkins popcorn is much better as well
3	The floors aren't sticky, so that's a plus. The kids behind the counter, both at the ticket booth and the conversion stand, could work a bit faster, but, for the most part, work hard. And despite the fact that I have a loyalty cup, they always try and charge me for water.
4	Just saw the movie "The Giver."  This theater is clean!  The floors were clean in the theater room, the entry and halls and bathroom was also well done.  Very nice.  It could probably use a little bit of updating on the inside, but our experience here was good.  We will be back and probably pretty soon.  If you get cold easy, be sure to bring a light jacket or something though.  They keep this place nice and cool!
5	We have been coming here for years. It's clean.  The seats are comfortable. It's close to home.  They have the current movies.  Parking is good.  Also, Harkins has some good deals when you buy either the shirts or gift cards.
1	Do NOT give money to this company!!! I  am a mother who went to buy tickets for my 16 year old and cousin for a rated R movie and they refused to allow them to watch the movie without me. I am the mother giving my permission!!!!!' Corporate you will hear from me and Harkins will never get my money again!!!
4	This place is my boyfriend and I's "go-to" place. Service is pretty nice and fast; especially getting that popcorn. The seats are pretty decent; the times we go, they were pretty clean. Nothing really to complain about.
1	The screens at this location are almost always filthy and take away from the experience in my opinion, but not as alarming as the bed bugs I know this location has had in the past. Of all the Harkins I've been to, this one certainly feels oldest and by far the dirtiest. Not to mention bed bugs!
4	We had a great movie experience. Clean theater. Good service. Comfy seats. We bought annual refill cups so we will be back.
5	Awesome place! Saw the Horrible Bosses 2 movie with my girlfriend after having dinner. It was a perfect ending to a romantic date. I have the cup that you can bring back and get cheap refills. I like that they do that! Nice theater close by to my house :-)
