5	IF you need to get your car tint done, get it here.. They are professional and answer all your questions and at a very great price.. Thank you Denisse.  We will be back soon to get my wife car tinted too..By the way, I got my whole car tinted and love it..Eddie
4	This place was great. I have all my windows tinted and it looks great. Great customer service from everyone in there. Great prices and have a lot experience. I will defiantly go back.
5	Great job on tint and really nice people. They took the time and did the job right. Very happy.
5	These people are truly awesome. Great tint job and fantastic customer service. I  read good reviews so I called and set up an appointment.  Denise was great and so was the other gentleman there (I can't remember his name). . She even gave me a ride back home while I waited for my SUV to be done.  I've been in Vegas for 10 years now and know how difficult it is to find businesses with a good work ethic. If you want honesty, a good price -and just overall good people - this is a great place.I'll need a stereo soon so that's where I'll be going.
5	Great new place for window tint and all custom vehicle upgrades. The owner and his wife are fantastic people. They use top quality products and do exceptional work.10/10. Will use again.
5	If you need your fog lights to be installed fast, Well this is the place to go! Its fast & very nice! They also do window tinting! I like how he approach people, very nice guy!
5	Excellent service, excellent price and excellent quality. What more could you ask for. My car was done quickly, and with high quality. Alex even took a look at my stereo's connection for me at no extra charge. I would highly recommend 305 Kustoms to anyone.
5	Such a great service!  I have always taken my cars to another place to have them tinted but never again. I got 5 star service for a steal. Not only did I get exactly what I wanted for my new truck but I got it in amazing timing! Thank you 305 for hooking a girl up (:
5	These guys are awesome!! Very friendly and easy to work with. I had Alex install a whole new sound system in my week old 2014 mustang. They took special care of my car and I couldn't be happier. Alex even went out if his way to put his special touch on the install. Thank you guys for a fantastic job. I wouldn't recommend anyone besides 305 Kustoms. Thank you to Alex's wife, Denise. You guys make a great team!
5	Best customer service in Vegas!!! Alex & Denisse are great. They took out my stereo system in my Benz. Reinstalled my amps, speakers & crossovers into my new BMW and tinted the windows. It was a total 5 star job all around. My system in my car has never sounded better. Alex is a true expert when it come to installing. Forgot to mention... Their prices are extremely reasonable. I will never bring my cars anywhere else. they are bringing a little SoBe to the LV.
5	After reading plenty of reviews and searching groupon! I finally made decision on doing my tint with 305 Kustoms and let me tell you....IT WAS THE BEST DECISION EVER! Denisse and Alex are the most helpful people ever, they know how to run a business and I can say that just by talking to them on the phone! I had work and had to send my mom with a note and debit card to get my car tinted but I talked to Denisse that morning to let her know that I wanted to pay her up front rather than Groupon (not many customers know that company's only receive about 30% of the actual Groupon price)  So if you have a groupon, help them out and pay up front! My mom drove my car back to work and I was talking to my 2 coworker and a client. I showed them my new car and tint as my mom pulled up. Told them I got great deal from 305 Kustoms and now they wanted the address and phone number! I love helping out companies that truly do make their customers happy! My tint looks awesome! I love it! Thank you 305 Kustoms.
5	I had 305 Kustoms do the tint on my wifes Acura SUV. Awesome service, very friendly staff, they were very flexible. I scheduled a 2pm appointment and was taken in right away. The establishment is very clean.  The product was great! If you want friendly service and a great job definitely recommend 305 Kustoms. I will be bringing all my cars and referring everyone I know here!  Thanks again 305 Kustoms!! Very happy with the product and service!
5	They did a great job window tinting my new car for a fantastic price.  The owners, Alex and Denise, were very straightforward on pricing.  No bait and switch tactics here.  Let them know you would like the groupon price and pay them direct instead of purchasing the groupon.  Groupon takes a huge cut, so it really helps them out to pay direct.  Amber, the secretary was really friendly, and they even had a keurig in the waiting room.  And a huge plus... I could see them working on my car through a window in the waiting room.  Great job 305 Kustoms!
5	This is the BEST tint shop in Vegas!  I got the front windows and strip done in my Scion XB.  Alex and his wife are awesome and he always bends over backwards for me when send my friends down to him.  I can see this place being in business for a long time.  I can't wait to get some cash together to get my audio installed... Total Boss!
5	This company and the owners/team are fantastic!!! From the first call and car drop off to the pick up and walk thru, everything about my experience with this company was perfect! Denisse who manages appointments and the front desk is super sweet and incredibly knowledgeable. And Alex, her husband and the main man, is equally as sweet, and he clearly takes his work very seriously. I got my Lexus windows tinted - and the job was done perfectly. I also needed work done on my car stereo and needed new speakers put in - and now my stereo sounds fantastic - and the hands free phone sounds as clear as I've ever heard one! I cannot recommend this team more! Thanks so much D & A!! PS: Do not use Groupon - just mention the discount, if there is one, to the owners - and they will take great care of you! I read this on Yelp - and now I need to keep the info flowing!
5	Ok... so I woke up spontaneous this morning and decided to get a full car tinting... I happened to be browsing groupon app and found Alex and Denise' 305 Kustoms website the night before with a ton of phenomenal reviews from yelp... and they carry the renegade and 3M films which are both top-o-the-line materials... so after I grabbed a big wad of cash for rent and utilities I just drove westward towards their business area.. since it was a nice day in las vegas to just blockout the 120 degree summer that usually lasts until October... I got to 305 Kustoms at 8 am so I got to give them my business to start their day.. and let me tell ya that I am so happy with choosing their 35% VLT renegade film that I told Denise to just keep the change for the awesome work that her teammembers did for my vehicle.... I guarantee you that I'm coming back here for more epic tinting for my girlfriend's car and highly recommending these folks to my best friends and coworkers... they haven't seen the last of me yet because I will make sure to keep their shop open with more business that I will be bringing... I work for Sands corporation which is the largest resort here in Sin City by the way so you know I'm bringing in a ton of clients for 305 Kustoms in the near future.. I also discovered that they have a facebook so I'm heading there after I finish here... Good honest kind people like Alex and Denise here in Vegas is hard to find like a pearl in the ocean so we as locals should do our part to maintain their longevity... I got 5 on it.. 5 stars for 305 Kustoms!!!!!!!!!!!
5	Alex and his crew provides exceptional services!  I couldn't ask for anything more. Thanks guys :)
5	305 kustoms tinted the windows on my new 2014 nissan only to find that one of the windows had a blemish that prevented placing the tint foil on the glass.  so they had to remove the tint until nissan could replace the glass (which nissan promptly did) and then 305 kustoms redid the window.  at no extra cost!  and it was a lotta extra hassle for them.  now that's service.  they did a great job and went the extra mile for me.
1	[UPDATE] downgraded from 2 stars to 1 star due to the lies on their response...I never asked them to waive any fees...only wanted to confirm the fine print was the only extra fee required. I read 30 - 60 page++ leases and contracts for a living (in commercial real estate) so don't try to play me when it comes to fine print!_________________________________Buyer beware (review for pricing/quote only)! I saw them on Groupon and called to see if they would honor the Groupon price (in lieu of buying the Groupon directly in consideration of their business and how Groupon charges exorbitant fees to small businesses per another yelper's review and suggestion). I was ready to book an appointment for tomorrow but then they told me it would actually be far more than expected after asking what kind of car I have (2014 nissan rogue) despite Groupon stating it is only the $50 extra for SUVs and "no other extra upcharge other than stated" in the fine print...Low and behold, they tell me there is actually a $25 extra upcharge other than stated for my car. Yes, that is just for the 35% all around. On top of that, they also did NOT offer the upgraded 20% in the rear free of charge for being considerate and going through them directly so they avoid Groupon fees as opposed to purchasing the Groupon as another reviewer mentioned so don't expect that! This + the pricing were the main reasons I was ready to schedule an appointment with them. In all, it's $164 for 35% all around or $199 for 35 front/20 rear with Groupon pricing! Other places quoted me about $200 or so (any % - no upcharges) without Groupon pricing. While I love to support smaller businesses whenever I can, I really hate false advertising/being nickel and dimed so I'll be taking my business elsewhere. To top it off, the lady who answered the phone was extremely curt, not friendly and made me seem like I was inconveniencing her. Having just relocated here from NYC, I've encountered my fair share of not so great customer service reps so for someone to come off as curt to me is saying a lot!
5	Its hard to find a auto detailing location that's not pushy. I found 305 Kustoms through yelp and recommendations on yelp talk. The owners are very friendly and it seems like they will give you the best deal (backed up by good service). I got Nevada legal 35% tint on my new Fiat 500 Abarth. They had me out in less than an hour, the three guys worked like a Formula 1 style pit stop crew, fast and meticulously. I'd highly recommend this place to anyone interested in getting modifications done. I was also told that they will be moving to a different location. They will be located on Russell and Rainbow.Overall experience was 5/5. I highly recommend this place.
5	I got my windows tinted here today and am completely satisfied with the job they did! I expected to spend at least 2 hours there and when I arrived, the owner told me 2 guys called in sick today.  I had another appointment I had a tight timeline for and was afraid I wouldn't make it.  Not only did they complete my work satisfactorily, but I was 30 minutes early to my next appointment!They were extremely friendly and helpful.  I had no idea what tint I wanted so they showed me what various tints look like on an actual car:)  She offered me several options and was not pushy about up-selling me.  She let me make my own decision and was not snotty or upset when I opted not to get the extra options she offered.Would highly recommend this place to anyone looking to get tint!
5	These people are great and do great service! They are moving to a new building soon I believe so they can fit in more cars and do more awesome work. Great job on the tint and they honor the Groupon right there so you don't have to hassle with Groupon! Highly recommend them to do tint on any vehicle.
5	They were able to schedule me for the next day. They started on my windows immediately after I arrived. They were able to advise me on the best tint and they were fast. The end result was awesome. Friendly service! I'll definitely recommend them to others.
5	I seen their coupon on groupon and since I'm on a budget I decided why not. HONESTLY I cant stop recommending them to everyone I know. They are ridiculously nice and very helpful. They answered all my questions. I would go back to them in  aheartbeat. The prices are fair even without the groupon. I highly recommend them. :)
5	Freaking GREAT service and skill. After dealing with a few really disappointing car companies lately, Alex at 305 Kustoms is a breath of fresh air. I called him yesterday about installing some tail lights that needed some tricky wiring workarounds - brought it in today and he had me out of there in about 30 minutes with perfectly working lights. Fantastic. He also had time to show me a few things on some other issues I wanted to get looked at. No rush - no attitude - just total pro, friendly and knowledgeable. I'm EXTREMELY excited to have found such a reliable and friendly company and will be bringing my girlfriend's new car here for her audio and security installs - and I'll be recommending them to everyone I know!
