4	Stopped by today for lunch, after a friend tipped me off on this being not far from where I was.The loot:1 Tofu + Egg Taco1 Chicken Taco2 Beef Tacos2 Pork Tacos1 Garlic Fry1 Asian Fry1 Crazy's Sweet Dough1 (Just for fun) Order of asian chicken wingsTotal $20, cash onlyMy wife and I agreed that pork tacos were the best. Pork was well marinated, and tender. I liked the beef, it was charred just the right way, even though she didn't care much for it. Chicken was excellent. Just the right amount of asian ginger-based spice, some kimchi, and lots of fresh greens. Everything was cooked to order. Tofu taco was something i never tried before, so i can't compare it to any other place. It was good, although the main taste came from the kimchi and the spices (as expected).Chicken wings were a little less spicy than I would like them to be, but they were tasty, and not greasy - actually a tad on the dryer side on the outside (still tender on the inside) come to think of it.Fries were very good. They had the home made taste to them, and were cooked in tasty oil. The garlic fries could have used more garlic, but if you aren't a big fan of really garlic-y fries, you are bound to love the subtle flavor. Asian fries were great, with just enough zing to make them stand out from most other fast food places.Crazy sweet dough (very much like donut holes) were surprisingly good. I expected them to be more soaked with oil, but was excited to find out that they were crispy on the outside, and tender on the inside - no oil drippings, and the taste was donuty (and not oily). The powdered sugar on top was just the right amount.I was the only person in "line" so it took a little while for everything to come, ~15 minutes, but it was well worth the wait. Plus the weather cooperated - it was the high 70s and pleasant, instead of the 100-degree heat we have seen all week.++
4	After hearing about it on Yelp, my curiosity got me and I made a run down to Lake Mead. Sure enough, there it was sitting pretty right by Lee's Liquors. Ron, the owner, was just setting up. We chatted for a little while he was setting up. Very nice guy. I gave him my order: 2 beef tacos, 2 chicken tacos, 1 beef burrito, 1 chicken burrito, 2 orders of fries and 2 orders of crazy dough. By the way, this was for me and my husband.   As Ron was working on my order, Kenny Lee walked up into the truck, placed him order and chatted for a little bit as well. He was having a burrito. He was telling me how addicting they were. Ron finished up my order and my husband and I rushed home to try our bounty. Wow! Great mix of flavors! And the crazy dough! I will definitely be making a return trip. In fact, I have an appt just down the road from there on Wesnesday. Guess what I'll be having for lunch!
3	I was set to try a burrito and all the flavored fries....uh yeah they don't make them anymore. They restructured their menu and it now includes only:Tacos: beef, chicken, pork or tofu&egg,-  1- $2.78 or 2-$4.63(not so) Fries- seasoned fries $1.16 so no more flavor optionsCrazy Dough $1.16Jumbo "Nate" Dog $2.7812 oz Drinks $1We got for ourselves, mom and grandma to share 4 pork tacos, 2 tofu&egg, 2 (not so) fries, and 2 crazy doughs. I'm going to be the first somewhat negative review, but seriously I came here excited for some "Seoul" Fusion tacos and it came up short. Let me preface that I am from LA and have been eating my way through all the fusion food trucks when the craze started. You can say that I've had the standard, the grail to which I will judge all others heavily. Oh, and I know how to pickle, brine and kimchee with the best of them and I have done fusion tacos all my life being part of a blended family (filipino adobo tacos, ethiopian tibbs tacos, duck confit tacos, "bahn mi" tacos, BBQ pulled pork and beer slaw...yeah I go there with my food). Even if I didn't have "experience" in this food genre, there was something off about the food. Not trying to be the "expert" asshole, but just saying, I know what kimchee should be like and what is good fusion since that is my style of cooking. Though the kimchee had a right amount of spice to set off the food but not  be overwhelming for meek palettes, the flavor was off and was going in a sort've bitterish, weird flavor that threw off all of us. That is my main shtick is the fusion part of the taco was not good- that is not how kimchee is supposed to be. It can be savory, a bit sour, a bit salty/briny, but bitterish and odd flavor I can't place is a no go. Best way I can describe it is if you were to botch up or have a spoiled batch of kimchee. I had a bad jar once and later found it wasn't not only sealed loosely, but my dad ate pieces out of it with the spoon he was eating lunch with contaminating it hence the off fermented spoilt flavor. So the tacos are fairly big flour tortillas but it was mostly filled with lettuce. The pork was cubes, not the usual shredded, and was soft and juicy and nice on their own, but sparse. The Tofu Egg had a lot of tofu egg in the taco compared to the pork.. It was mashed tofu mixed with the egg and with the very wet kimchee made for a soggy texture that just wasn't working for me. Also, the wetness made it a bitchfit to even eat the tacos because they were stuck to the paper container and ripped holes into my taco so it was then a "bowl" instead of a taco. I think it needs a "heavier" fry to stand up to the wetness of the kimchee (I personally would do crispy/fried tofu cubes and shredded omelette instead of blended together) or drain the kimchee a bit better before putting on the taco to avoid a large amount of the sog factor. The BF left this Tofu&Egg alone after a few bites and that guy kept saying "I'm soo hungry" in the car after we decided to skip "lunch" at 1, go to errands and go eat later here at 4. Apparently not hungry enough to down his taco. Fries were yummy- crispy, not greasy and a good amount of seasoning on them. Crazy dough was good- it was crispy and doughy and not greasy at all, but it definitely needed more sugar coating on it (I dipped them in honey at home). I think Vegas needs street food since every great city has great street vendors so I give kudos to anyone who wants to get into the food stand/truck culture and start this city off. For that, I gave it a very fair 3 stars (being VERY nice) and for the fact that my fries and dough were tasty. However, I can't just live off dough and fries alone as a meal and I'm afraid as the way the cards fall that's all I'll be ordering and only if I'm at Lee's already feeling like having a snack. They were doing some sort of promotional stuff at Lees and even had a Hanshik raffle so very well an "event" can boggle things up.  I will come back maybe in a few months and try one taco again to give it a fair chance, but as it stands it's something I hesitate ordering again. The BF does not want to go back, he says he was really disappointed. I was set to go to Blue Nile Ethiopian food for lunch, Crown bakery for dessert  and dinner at the Slider Truck then the BF got the idea to go to this instead to bring to his mom and grandma food who weren't feeling to well. Yeah, today I feel I got shafted out of a good eating day at three places to go to one place that didn't live to the hype....I was pretty pissed I starved part of the day to eat w/ the family instead at a place near them. I have to resurrect it myself by getting in my kitchen late tonight and doing up something Chef worthy. It might have been an off day for them and everyone can have that, but shit it made my seeming good day off. It wasn't their fault we chose to come at that day and time, but we expected something worth giving up my day for and that leaves me bitter as the kimchee.
1	After eating at the Kogi truck in LA, I was stoked when I saw this truck set up in Lee's parking lot. How incredibly disappointing it was. This will set back Korean food for generations. And don't try to eat there during the summer. There is no shade, no misters, nothing. Just horrible food in a horrible spot.
5	The owner / operated is super friendly, even remembered me from almost a month ago. I happened to stop in bc I was getting my tires rotated next door...and had to go back because the chicken tacos are AMAZING.  His unique blend of spices are awesome...I think the chx tacos only have chicken and lettuce on them...seems super simple...completely incredible.  This little stand is WAY worth driving out of the way for.  And a guy this passionate and friendly and customer service-driven deserves to make it...and somehow I think he will.  He threw in a little sweet bread puff (forget the actual name) while we waited for our order.  When the sun is out, the umbrellas provide shade if you want to eat there (don't know what angerball was talking about with no shade, and I think everyone is pretty sure it's not "Korean food." It's fusion...but anyway.  Oh, and also- how many trucks/stand have misters...seriously, I don't make a habit of commenting on others' posts, but that one seems unusually unfair...)  Anyway, anyway.  Honestly one of the BEST tacos I've ever had.  Five stars for being exactly what it's suppose to be as far a taco truck goes...and for having food quality worthy of an established restaurant, which, if it existed, would be bumpin'. I'm super stoked to go back.  OH. And notice photo with the giant yellow umbrella.
3	After hearing so much about the korean taco truck in LA i was so excited to find out that we had one in Las Vegas.  I was around the neighborhood running errands and decided to check this place out since I live on the other side of the town.  It was literally 112 outside and thank god there was no line.  I tried the beef, tofu and egg tacos and also ordered their "not so fries".  I gota say one thing, they are definitely different tacos.  I couldn't get a strong grasp on whether I truly liked them or not.  The Korean type slaw they threw on top of the tacos were a bit sweet and had a strange taste to it.  The tortillas like everyone else said were flour and not as hot and soft as they should be.  The fries were tasty but also a bit on the salty side.  Overall, its a cool place to try out but I probably wont be coming back here for a while since it didn't blow my mind.  I was probably too excited on the idea and then the food let me down a bit.
5	On my way to Hanshiktaco I was thinking to myself . "How could I crave for something I've never had? " I tried coming here a couple of times based on the Yelp reviews but I'm so lazy when it comes to driving! Today I was determined and hungry so I finally made it! I had four tacos (Beef, Chicken, Pork, Egg and Tofu) I ate it all before 5pm so I didn't feel bad. The meat in the tacos were so tender and full of flavor. The Kimchee had just the right balance of spice to it and I liked that it tasted fresh. I was surprised that I liked the egg and tofu taco so much because I'm a meat eater! I think the tofu absorbed all the spices and I liked the strips of red chips on there it gave it more bite! I also had the donuts which were nice and warm. This was accompanied by some Chrome soda which I thought went well with the meal because it tasted light and it didn't drown out the flavors just enhanced them. I have a new place to go when my husband tries to drag me to get tacos every other day. He has Robertos and I have Hanshiktaco..it just feels healthier!
4	Having a tire blowout left me way bummed, and the price of replacing a pair of them total left me even more down in the dumps!  Good thing the tire store is next to Hanshiktaco,  which had a really nice owner and a good "Nate" dog!   His crazy Korean/Taco truck looks really nice and clean inside and out,  and he and I had a fine conversation while I got a great meal for $5!   The "not so" French Fries were pretty rad too, but the star was the kimchee-laden Nathan's hot dog!   With a little Siracha, it rocks!  I'm glad I finally stopped in here, although I wish I'd have not had to buy new tires to do it...  it's cash only, which is the only other problem.  But at these prices, you can afford it with change in your car!
5	When my friend drug me for "korean tacos" I was a little nervous. I couldn't really imagine a fusion of mexican and korean. When we arrived at the taco stand, I first of all was surprised at how clean everything was. On top of that the owner was extremely nice! and helpful. I had two tacos chicken and beef, they were about $2 each very reasonable for fresh food.  Yes it is a little hot outside but it is Vegas and summer... it is to be expected.  The owner even came to the car to make sure the food was good and offered us crazy dough .What rocks is awesome food and awesome customer service... Will definitley be back and I live in Henderson!!!
5	My opinion hasn't changed and I actually was breave enough to try the egg and tofu and steak . I actually liked the egg and tofu ... but I am still saying the STEAK is my fave. I am actually starting to have dreams about these tacos! maybe because I am not allowing myself to have sugars or carbs very often. I am making an exception only for these tacos... I actually tried the crazy dough today and it Rocked! So good.I am considering adopting the owner just so that he feels obligated to give me free tacos... *kidding* I still don't think 4.38 for two tacos is extreme. So I don't mind ... paying... :)It is like I said to someone else. I don't mind paying extra if the service is there. Honestly ... this has the whole enchilada .. I mean taco... great food great service. .. will soooo be back again.
5	Stopped in for my chicken taco fix and to try something new.  "Nate's" dog was awesome: Simple (if I may), good textures, great flavor. The uniquely seasoned fries were great, too.  Still loving this place.  One of the very few things I start to get a craving for...love those chicken tacos!!
4	3.5 stars, but rounded up.Had all four tacos that were offered today, which were chicken, beef, pork and tofu with egg. Overall the tacos were okay, all the tacos have kimchi, so expect a bit of a crunch and a little spice, would of been better if the the tortilla was warmer and soft. The tacos were $2.50, and just a bit bigger than a 99 cent taco from Del Taco, if it was somewhere like $1.50 a piece, I would certainly load up on them each order.The fried dough was good, reminds me donut holes that taste like funnel cake. The wait time may be a little long because it is a one man show and everything is cooked on the order. I did not try the hot dog, but perhaps in the future I will next time I am in the area.
5	Hanshiktaco is now one of my regular lunch spots. It seems like the Slider Truck (which I love) is never near me, so I was happy when I heard about Hanshiktaco being parked at Lee's Discount Liquor on Lake Mead/Tenaya. The tacos are comprised of simple flavors that, when layered, become quite tasty. The meat (I had chicken and pork) is lightly seasoned and is cut, or maybe shaved, in very small  pieces. The kimchee is slightly spicy, but also sour.The chef used flour tortillas. I was dismayed at first because corn is my favorite, but unlike other reviewers my tortilla was soft and warm. I think it was grilled because it was crispy in places. Sure, a trip to Del Taco or Taco Bell would be cheaper, but ew! Why go there when you can have real food? 2 tacos for $4 something is more than enough food for lunch, and I think the price is very reasonable. If you are heading west on Lake Mead, it may be difficult to get to the truck because you have to swing a u-turn and take an immediate right to get into the parking lot. Approaching from the east is a lot easier.
5	I've been wanting to try the hot dog here but I've been afraid to do so... till now! I was nervous about my order :a hot dog and fries ( I know it sounds silly but I was) I guess it's because It wasn't going to be a traditional hot dog that I know how to prepare. "Should I put ketchup on it"?..."Would it taste good with mustard?" .. ."Does he even have any mustard?" These were the questions popping in my mind before my order. While I was pondering over my important thoughts a customer comes up from behind me and praises the owner on the hot dog and fries ...calling the fries "savory". Then I thought I must try this too and see what this savory business is all about! I confidently placed my order. I asked if the fries are salty he said he didn't think so but he will go light on the spices. When I received my order he made me try the fries just to make sure they were just right because if they weren't he'd make a new batch for me. I thought ....Wow that's customer service! The fries were wonderful and the hot dog I was worried about was already prepared with the kimchee mix ..and I think ketchup...all I knew was it was melt in your mouth good! I usually like to pay attention to what I'm eating but it was "Double Yum" so I couldn't concentrate too well. I was full and happy for $4.25 ...that's the good stuff!
5	Looking for something different?  This is the place not your same old same taco stand. Had the beef tacos and his special Irish inspired. Clean friendly and delicious,  everything I look for in street food.
5	This food is the shit. I can easily say that I have eaten there more than anyone who does except Ron himself, and this food is so original and so awesome! Sophia must not have any fucking taste buds. Great service and great food for a good price.
1	Seriously now.... Has no one ever tasted korean food? This taste nothing like korean food. Please try kogi taco truck then you will understand. I'm pretty sure that's where this guy got the idea from. Worst korean tacos ever... F-
5	Awesome place. My brother took me there today and it is a great deal. I'm always looking for something different to try and this is definitely different. And amazing. Great combination of flavors. I'll definitely be going back.
5	I was on the other side of town running errands (buying dog goodies at Healthy Tails), and was heading to the 95 freeway to go home when I saw the Korean taco truck. I'd seen reviews of it, so thought I'd give it a change.Had a nice chat with the owner while he was fixing stuff for the two people in line ahead of me. Talked about Bachi Burger, the Slider Truck, Food Network's "Great Food Truck Race," and other things.I ordered the beef and pork tacos. Great price. $5 for two tacos. Not huge, but then I don't like big portions. I hate wasting food.Sat in my car listening to Car Talk while I ate them. Only problem I had was spilling some of the juice on my white tee shirt. The tacos themselves were tasty, a little spicy, but not overly so. I like spice, but sometimes the heat just overpowers the taste of the meat. These were a nice mix of the meat, the marinade, and the toppings.Two thumbs up. And unlike Fukuburger, they're open during the day! (I'm an early riser and have a hard time staying up late enough to get a Fukuburger fix.)
3	The filling was super tasty. I love the crunchy kim chee and bit of spice. The filling could have been more uh...full.The tortilla was kind of dried out.The sweet dough was tasty.I'd go back again, but I'm not head over heels.Update: I've been back...several times. The owner is passionate about what he does and follows yelp closely. He remembered me and asked about the dry tortilla. Apparently some like them more crispy.I'm not sure if he is doing anything different, but my tortillas have been moist. (For me? No clue. Or maybe I'm hitting more freshly opened packages.)Anyway, good guy. Good food. I'm now a regular. :-)
4	Just ate here for the first time and it was amazing.  The meat was extremely tender with rich flavor, and the tacos are very well balanced.  Tonight i had the egg and tofu, pork, and hallowiener taco.  The hallowiener was absolutely wonderful and he is selling it for a limited time only.  i strongly recommend to anyone that would like to try something new to try this food truck.
5	My boyfriend discovered the place after it opened outside of Lee's Liquor. We have a meal there AT LEAST ONCE A WEEK!Nate Dog... truly fantastic! I will never do just ketchup and mustard again.Chicken and beef and pork tacos are all divine. I can't get enough. I have to order one of them each time we go. Sweet but with a nice spicy kick that gets your mouth going.Crazy Sweet Dough - best desert food I've had in a long time. Reminds me of some sort of wonderful carnival food (without the screaming children and gross person behind the counter).The Not So Fries? Addicting. He also does "weekly specials" so make sure you hit up HANSHIK TACO on Facebook or Twitter. Last week was the "Halloweiner" and this week he had a special of coconut dusted hot wings and red curry dipping sauce.  TO DIE FOR. PLUS - The owner is a super rad super laid back guy who loves to chat it up while he's making our food to order. I've had to wait a while for my food before but I'm the type of person that will come again and again if you make my wait and my experience worthwhile. HANSHIK TACO certainly does that Check him out! And bring your friends! And then bring more of your friends!:-)
5	I love this place. I've been here a few times and every time is amazing. The owner is always very friendly and makes you feel welcome when you're there. I think I've had just about everything on the menu, and the off-menu items are always very good, but I usually end up wishing that they were regular menu items! The tofu and egg taco is probably my favorite menu item. You wouldn't think that it would work out, but it does. He definitely knows what he's doing! Definitely 5-stars. Everyone should check this place out! It's not even 7am and I wish they were open right now!!
4	Lime garlic asian fries for a buck. Incredible. Best way to spend a dollar. To be honest I've never had mexican eats fused with Korean flavor.  I also had the tacos which I was so inspired by, for this food truck's boldness to try something different and original. Sidenote: i LOVE celantro. Me and celantro are bff's. Wherever and whenever I ask for a side of celantro, I'm hoping for finely chopped 4 ounces. This guy delivered with no questions asked. It put a smile on my face. The guy that owns the place is pretty cool, a chatterbox I could barely bite my food from conversing with the guy, but needless to say, friendly and chill. You get what you pay for, for food trucks. I recommend the lime fries. Wish it was a mobile truck to cruise around the city.
5	I've read all the reviews for this food truck and decided to try it out for myself!  When I walked up to the truck, I was greeted warmly by the owner and chef and when I got my food, WOW, incredible flavor and complexity to these korean tacos!  I experienced a multitude of sensations like savory, sweet, spicy, crunchy, juicy all in one bite!  And then there were Crazy's Sweet Dough!  They remind me of Hawaiian Malasadas, except smaller.  They were soo oo delicious and sweet!  Keep up the great work Hanshik Taco!  I don't see where the negativity from other reviews apply here!  Stop hating, people!
5	Loved it!!!  I came w/ my sister & we had the beef taco,  tofu & egg taco, the nate dog, & fries. I love Korean food & love tacos so I really enjoyed eating the dishes. I'm also a texture eater & I thought the texture & taste was perfect w/ each dish I ate.  Everything tasted so good! The fries were really addicting. Not your typical french fry.  After I ate the nate dog, I had to order another one because it was so good. For dessert the crazy fried dough was sooo good!  Very good service, clean & fast. The prices were right. It's on the same parking lot as Lee's Liquour so I'm definitely coming again! The location is kind of far from where I live, but I was on that side out town so I decided to try it. Luckily I have friends & relatives in that side of town so when I come visit them, I can stop by the truck & get my grub on. I'm actually craving Hanshiktaco as I'm typing this.
2	I was driving down Lake Mead with my Sister and Nephew and did a double take on this shiny Red Truck in front of Lee's Discount Liquor.  Well, I'm a sucker for trying new things and I was on a food truck high just having recently discovered Fuku Burger that past week....so, even though I was on my way to lunch I busted a U-ee and decided to have a taste. The operation is a one man show and the guy was nice enough.  So kudos to the humble service.  However, I can't speak too much about the food.  I was pretty disappointed.  Granted I had high hopes from the look of the truck and the overall concept of "Fusion Food," the Korean and Mexican flavors didn't quite well...fuse.   I ordered the pork taco and well it tasted under seasoned and the tortilla was just tasteless.  I was hoping for more flavor from the meat and maybe even just a warm tortilla would've have done wonders to add something to this very sad cold taco.  I really didn't even finish it.I feel bad giving such a bad review, but hey...it's my honest opinion and I wish Hanshik Taco all the best and perhaps he'll try and put some more pizzaz in his food.The only reason I gave 2 stars is because the seasoning on the fries were pretty yummy.
5	Tried the chicken taco and Korean nate dog, and as much as I liked the chicken taco...I LOVED the korean nate dog. The chicken taco is spicy and the kimchi adds a good bit of savory, sour taste. But the nate dog was awesome! it has a different spiciness to it, and the spicy mayo was bomb! dont eat it if youre on a diet though!! :D
1	Happened to try this place during their Challenge with "Slidin' Thru" Slider Truck this afternoon or more like yesterday afternoon. Pretty Cool Themed Truck/Trailer and Owner was delightful and Convincing as he briefly explained his inspirations for his creations of Korean Fusion Tacos and such..Here is what I got roughly an HOUR after I placed my order:Pork Taco & Beef TacoBoth the tacos had their version of korean inspired kimchee/saurkraut spiced with a twist. UUmmm.... Okay, I'm always up for new takes on food. First off, there wasn't much meat in either of the tacos and the tortilla made them look even more skimpy (especially for the price). Secondly, the beef was very bland, pretty chewy (not in a good way) and all I could really taste was spicy/heat?! Where's the flavor? Pretty much the same with the pork.. except it was a little juicier with a bit of flavor?! I couldn't comprehend what they were trying to accomplish here..El Korean "Nate" DogThis looked interesting but wasn't much different in regards to its flavor profile compared to the Tacos. The hot dog tasted like a regular hot dog and bun was no different. The only slight upside to this was the texture from the same kimchee/saurkraut thing that accompanied the tacos.  Disregarding the horrendous wait (which was the dagger), the bang for the buck, and the slight edge the hot dog had over the tacos, I cannot give this place much justice. Sorry
1	Pretty average taco for a 60-70 minute wait. These guys are not ready for a prime time showdown.
5	Fantastic food. Fantastic service. I'm still addicted!!Definitely give this place a try :) I'm not sure why so many people are hatin'... who cares if you have to wait a little bit? Quality of food is all that matters! Why do you think people are willing to sit in their cars for a half an hour down the street for a burger at In N Out? If I'm willing to do that, I'm willing to hang around Lee's parking lot for a coupe extra minutes for my Nate dog.
4	Tipppp theeeee truckkkkk.....SHIT, wrong truck!This is exactly what mobile(sorta?) food should be like. Hanshiktaco really has it right even if they don't really move. When I walked up I was instantly identified as a noob and given a free sample of a doughy sweet ball of deliciousness. I was then told about the entire menu and all of it seemed to make my stomach rumble and my mouth water.After listening to everything they offered I decided to go with the beef taco and one of their Korean dogs. The taco could only be described as tangy and sweet with enough spice to knock you on your ass. If you love sweet and spicy this place is definitely for you. The Korean dog was just as good and the texture of both dishes were spot on. Just the right amount of crunch to go with the soft, succulent beef.Don't let the confusing prices fool you, after tax everything comes out to a round number. The atmosphere at this truck was pretty cool seeing as the staff was super helpful and the classic rock tunes were plentiful. Can't wait to try the rest of the menu, what are you waiting for?
5	Great food. Great service. Definitely go try this place. I haven't tried the egg&tofu but have had everything else and it's great. Fries are awesome!!!
5	Amazing, unique food, and great service!Nothing else like it in Las Vegas, if you're looking for something different to wake up your taste buds this is the place!  Chicken, beef, pork, tofu & egg tacos and then the hot dogs ('Nate'/Korean dog) my fave... you've got a lot to choose from!For the reviews that talk about an hour wait, you happen to be there on the rare day they were doing a food truck contest, what do you expect with that large a group of people?!  Yes, it takes a few minutes for them to cook the food, as they are cooking it fresh, (this is not a fast food joint!) but I've never waited more than maybe 5 minutes on any other day.Highly recommended to anyone wanting unique, quality food with a smile.
4	Onyoung Money knows what he's doing!!!I finally made the trip across town to check out HanshikTaco and wonder why I didn't try it soonerToday I had the "Nate" dog and the Chicken taco.  Both were spot on delicious.  The chicken taco -  Has really nice heat, maybe too hot for some, but nothing out of control.  The crunch from the kimchi adds excellent texture.  For those who aren't familiar with korean flavors, gochujang (red pepper paste) is used in many dishes, and has nice notes of salt, heat, and almost a garlic taste.  The kimchi (cabbage) used at Hanshik is  a mild and balanced approach to what can sometimes be quite sour.  The "Nate" dog - The best hot dog I've had in Vegas!  No, this is not the Chicago dog some of you may know.  This delectable treat features many of the same flavors found in the tacos.  It was cooked perfectly, and featured that crisp snap that all the best hot dogs have.  The owner, whose name I forget, but am dubbing Onyoung Money, is a solid guy.  We spoke for a while, and it became obvious that this is someone who takes a lot of pride in his product.  Onyoung Money is a 5 star guy, running a seriously spectacular joint on wheels.Even though I live across town, I will certainly be back.  Komsahamnida for the great lunch!
5	The chicken tacos are incredible!!!  Nothing out there like it so you've got to try it.  The fusion is innovative and spicy.
4	I had to sit on this review for awhile because the excitement when I first tried it was overpowered by my excitement for trying something different. Now that my head is clear and the over-enthusiasm died down, I can write a fair review. This place was a random stop after checking out the liquor store for a Christmas gift. Ita cute and loud (music) with coolers as chairs--just like back home when we would party on the beach. The menu is simple: tacos, hot dog, sides and fried dough. We ordered a chicken taco, fries, hot dogs and sweet dough. To be honest, it's all good. The texture of the dogs are awesome, as are the tacos. Great flavors, great combo of the whole Korean spices with hot dogs and tacos. Overall, I'd eat there again for sure. I hope that they continue to serve what they have now. Fried dough is a great way to cool off the palette from the spicy flavors, so order a basket. Great experience!
1	We tried Hanshiktaco this summer. It's close to where I live and as soon as I saw it I was really excited to try it. I love trying new things and the food sounded really interesting. I've had L.A.'s famous Kogi tacos and was hoping for something similar from this truck. However, it was only okay. The flavors just weren't there. Good concept but more work is needed on the execution.Hanshiktaco has quite a few good reviews, so I may need to try it again as they may have improved. However, I'm reluctant to do so based on my first experience.
5	I visited the little red food truck that never moves to try the rest of the menu and was very sad to find out they had just run out of chicken. SOL I thought, until the owner remembered that the same thing happened to me last time I showed up so he butchered a fresh batch of chicken special just for me. You just don't find that kind of service and that's why I needed to up my review to 5 stars.The chicken taco was well worth the wait and the flavors were really on point. The egg and tofu had a really interesting texture that was improved by the crispy tortilla strings on top. Add in the really interesting flavor and spice of the fries and I was in heaven. My food coma was complete with the sweet dough for dessert which gets better after every sugary bite. Keep up the good food, great service, and the rest will fall into place!
5	Quality is consistent. Hanshiktaco FTW!
5	A staple- delicious and one of my favorite places to eat in town with friends. Everything on the menu is delicious, of the highest quality, and nicely priced. I have yet to eat something from hanshiktaco that I did not love thoroughly, especially the weekly specials. The owner can come up with dishes as unique as roasted turkey/sweet potato/Mexican gravy quesadillas, while still ensuring that every ingredient is of high quality and delicious. The most underrated food truck in town. If you haven't yet, try it!
4	Had a chicken taco, beef taco, Nate dog and fries. All very good and for $9.25, a steal. Definitely recommended.
4	Found this place by accident. Was going to buy some wine at Lee's and my friend pointed to Hanshiktaco...it was dark, no lights and I didn't want her to walk there alone...so cut to the chase...Ron the owner is a very cool guy, food very good for the price and kudo's to the Lee family for letting him be there...its places like this that give Vegas its cool vibe....shame on you people giving him one or two stars....
5	People are SLEEPING on Hanshik Taco!! Wake up and smell the not-so-french FRIES!  The seasoning that Ron(owner) puts on the fries probably has some crack in it cuz it's addicting and action packed with flavor, sweet and spicy and I find myself craving it, and scratching my neck. Just playin on the scratching the neck part.As for the taco's, I've tried every single one and my favorite is probably the beef taco, the flavors soak in it more. Second favorite is the chicken taco, ooooh SPICY!  The kimchi that's in the tacos compliment it so well.  Every single time I eat here it's just super consistent with greatness and quality.  It's just overall bomb.org yeah org as in orgasm! Bomb.com too tho.  Best of luck to this humble food truck!
4	Ron is super friendly and nice.  He takes his business and all the reviews on this site and others seriously... but maybe a little too personally.  But it's his livelihood so I can respect that.  I've been here a few times and I'm a big fan of the fries, the pork taco, and the Nate dog.  Everything has a good, fresh flavor to it and if you need to make it spicy, the siracha is right there!  The Nate dog is already pretty spicy, though.Plus he's been great about hosting food truck events in the parking lot, promoting other food trucks that may or may not be lesser known.  He's not afraid of a little competition. :) From talking to him, I think he's worked out the kinks in his service system when big groups show up for the food truck events.  Basically, you'll just wait in line long but get your food faster, like how Slider Truck operates.  Ever notice how the order guy for Slider Truck disappears for a while each time after taking an order?  He's managing the tickets so the nice gentlemen cooking the food don't get slammed.  Hopefully now that Ron is wise to that technique, things will go more smoothly when the crowds show up.  It's great that he's flexible and willing to learn and experiment with both the food and the service.All in all, a great food truck and it's nice that he has a consistent location so I don't have to track him down.
4	Who knew that Korean food and a tortilla could taste so good? Ok maybe a million people in LA did. Until a little Italian came along with a love for the cuisine and cooking planted roots in a Lee's Discount Liquor parking lot, we were missing out. Before opening shop Ron (the owner) out of respect for the food and the people sought approval from the Korean community before even opening shop and they happily accepted the dishing from his kitchen. Now that's respect baby.With that said let me tell you that this is some good stuff and when you go you'll be hooked. What I love about it is that you can tell that the meat is properly marinated, there are layers of flavors and everything is properly seasoned. The amount of filling is perfect and the price is so so right. We almost feel guilty paying so little for something so good and so satisfying.  And come back often because Ron gets a little crazy and busts out something special that's seasonal that'll take your taste buds to another level.
5	I came here a couple of weeks ago for 2nd Sundays. This is an event where instead of having one food truck there was two more! I thought  that was a really cool idea!This time I only had one beef taco because I I had to make room to try the other trucks because I haven't ate any others before. The taco was still delicious and I'll be looking forward to the next 2nd Sunday!
5	Man I love this place! What a great idea, Korean style food meets Mexican taco made by a white guy and you can get an Italian soda! It has everything you need. I order the Nate dog every time I go. The owner likes to call me Vinny from Jersey Shore, even tho I dress way better then that guy. Everything on the menu is really good so good so order a taco and some sweet dough, you will be glad you did.Customer service is great, the location is nice.  They always seem to have an event going on Sunday and the liquor store right next to him always has a cook off on Saturdays. This is a great weekend lunch spot.
4	It seems I've been hearing nothing but great things about food trucks lately.  The inception and subsequent success of Kogi BBQ in L.A. a couple of years ago incited a food revolution like no other.  Suddenly, mobile restaurants started to appear one by one, not only in the City of Angels, but major metros across America.  I'm glad to have been witness to the shift in the food paradigm and I'm equally as glad to been a part of the experience at Hanshiktaco.Crammed in the corner of the Lee's Discount Liquor parking lot, Hanshiktaco, although inconspicuous, delivers on so many levels.   Firstly, the food is outstanding.  Hunger was an egregious understatement at this point in time, so I ordered both a beef taco and the "Nate" dog.  I found that the meat in the taco was laden with a smooth, yet unexpectedly spicy marinade which makes all of the difference in my opinion.  The soft tortilla the meat was sprinkled in made a perfect pairing.   The "Nate" dog was very good, but I wouldn't declare it the best dog in Vegas like many others have suggested.  I respectfully give that distinction to Great Links on Craig/Jones.On to the service.....impeccable.  Ron made us feel like we've known him for years and also allowed us to try a free order of his Crazy's Sweet Dough, which was similarly tasty.   He also asked us to return for 2nd Sundays, which typically feature other food trucks in the area such as Sloppi Jo's, Snow Ono Shaved Ice and the Slider Truck to name a few.  Ruefully, I was unable to return as that was our last day in Vegas, but I will be certain to make the trek back when we return to visit our family again, which is very often.
4	Definitely a must try! I was very pleased and this place has the spice that most Asians are craving. Chicken tacos- had the spice from the kim chee. A little bit much for me, but I know most people like this. Nice fresh flavor too. Although some type of salsa would have been nice. Fries- they had some type of red seasoning similar to the taste of Hot Fries chips from the bag. Also pretty spicy. Sweet dough- this was my absolute favorite. Nice soft dough sprinkled with sugar. Warm and moist, simplicity at it's finest. Great service. Can't ask for more.
5	So this coincidently is right down the street from our gym. My husband was driving past it one day and decided to stop best thing he could have ever done!!!!!! He kept raving about these "Korean tacos" for a week before I finally broke down and said lets go try it. WOW is all I have to say we started with their Nate dog and not so French fries. I have had everything on their menu, and look forward to their specialty tacos that change every two weeks. All I can say about Ron's (owner/chef) creations is ammmmmaaaaazzziinngggg!!!!! He's always coming up with different yet delicious treats! Sometimes i'm skeptical to try like his Persian, but in the end it is always a blend of flavors that I end up craving all week long! He's extremely customer friendly and you can always tell when someone is truly proud and happy with his work. If I were him I would too!!!!! My Husband even participated in his Nate dog eating contest swore he could never eat one again but after a week started craving the deliciousness that is the Nate dog!!! Definitely a hidden gem we HIGHLY HIGHLY HIGHLY recommend you stop and try this place, we drive across town most of the time just to eat here. Do not listen to the negative comments below, its not meant to be "traditional" Korean. Come here with an open mind and leave with a very very happy belly!!
4	Very interesting tacos I expected to taste Kim chi for the slaw but it was more of a slaw fries were great
2	Disclaimer: I used to work in LA where my lunch options were a line of lunch trucks everyday. I ate from the famous Kogi truck and the other copycats at least once a week. So this review might be a bit skewed because I already have a set expectation of what I want it to taste like. I ordered the pork taco and tofu & egg taco, along with a side of fries. I didn't see an option to order the famous garlic fries that everyone was raving about though. But, it's all good- I was there for the tacos. There were quite a few people in front of me but I didn't mind because I just made my way over to the Snow Ono truck parked next door. Plus, they had some great oldies playing- kriss kross (jump, jump) and sublime. Okay- onto the food.  2.5 stars.*The seasoning on the fries was nice, but the fries themselves didn't taste fresh.  *The pork taco had a nice flavor, as did the egg & tofu, but I was disappointed with the kimchi.  I appreciated the texture, but was hoping for more of that kimchi kick.*I am also used to a soft corn tortilla- and these were enveloped by a hard, chewy flour tortilla. Regardless, I ate the entire thing and will probably return because it is definitely tastier than any fast food joint.  It is right around the corner from where I live so if I see a short line- I will definitely give the Nate dog and Sweet dough a try, with hopes to update this review.
3	If you love some Asian spice then you've reached your destination, that's if you like kimchee if not then I guess not. The first time I came here was with my bf so we ordered the Nate Dogg, we both liked it. It was loaded with flavor mmmm....just thinking about it makes me want some. It's a definitely must try! As for the french fries, it was good but way too salty for me. My second visit was during a Food Truck Fest so I decided to get the beef tacos, it was good not the greatest. I do want to try their sweet dough that I've heard so much about, so I guess I'll be coming back here some time. Oh yeah you have to expect the long lines and wait during a Food truck Fest. People always complain about the long lines, so to avoid the long lines go to their main location spot when you can.
3	I waiver between 3 and 4 stars. While I know others who have grabbed eats from here regularly, thus far, I have only ordered from here once. And therefore, this review is based solely on my one experience.After hearing about the Nate Dog, it clearly became what I was jonesing for. As a side, I opted for the sweet dough.The hot dog was good, it just wasn't great. It's skinny and the toppings are far from plentiful. But the flavor is there and it's cooked well. I think if it had a better quality bun, I would have enjoyed it more.The sweet dough was yummy, but nothing that left me craving for more. It was just average.I am anxious to try out the tacos and fries, though, so I will definitely be back. And everything else about the experience was great. What is really nice is the pricing. The pricing definitely makes me lean more to 4 stars. There's really nothing overpriced about this place, and that's a nice change of pace.
5	well well well, now these tacos are not just good, they are gnikcuf delicious. i came here my first time about a year ago and boy oh boy was i nervous taking street food from a chicago fan. But i was in heaven, these tacos are so good i drive all the way from sahara and hollywood to enjoy them. the owner is a nice guy, he loves talking about mma which is cool because he keeps with the now. with that said, go give these tacos and the other items he has a try. and when you grab the fries, have him dust a little extra of his secret seasoning salt on em..bbboooommmbbbbbbb
4	i love this place.  the hot dog is my favorite!
1	So a few weeks ago I decided to break down and give Hanshiktaco another try. The food was okay. Not horrible and not great. I'm sticking with my one star, because the entire time I was waiting for my food the owner was bashing Yelp and Urbanspoon. I really don't appreciate people talking #$&! when I'm buying food from them. Will NOT be going back!
4	Pretty darn good food. Owner obsessed with reviews though.
3	I really wanted to like this place because I love the idea of a Korean taco but they fell short.  I tried one of each taco and didn't feel they were well executed.  The tacos have a lot of juice and gets all over your hands if you're not careful, so it doesn't work that great as street food.  Also, I thought the kimchi tasted too sour and overpowered the meat.  However, I did really like their fries and though the seasoning was really tasty, similar to Cajun fries.
1	I never actually ate at this mobile dump, but I did make an attempt several months ago. When I rolled up, there were three people (two wearing aprons) sitting in the front patio puffing away on their Marlboro's. Is there anything more nasty than the guy about to make your overpriced taco sucking away on a cancer stick? Mmm come get the nicotine taco special folks!! I noticed a bunch of cooks and owners over the years acting similiar and I will walk away each time. I don't care if you wash your hands ten times either, first impressions count. Smoke in the back please. nasty. a waste  of a good trailer.
4	If Kim Chee were a religion, I would join and drink its sweet spicy salvation from a cabbage filled chalice with little objection. I adore Korean flavors, and I appreciate this budding business's attempt to bring its complexity to the Lake Mead masses in such a simple way. Egg-Tofu version gets at the flavors for non-meat eaters.  Yes, yes I know we have all had comparative truck gourmet in Cali, but we've all apparently left Cali to move to Vegas, so let's support our local food truck entrepreneurs, especially those bold enough to sling Korean.   Down with Man, Up with Van!
3	The food was great and reasonably priced. It was a little annoying how the owner/cook kept name dropping the Lee family and telling how he was friends with them. He also made several obnoxious racial comments (ie: "I'm an egg- yellow on the inside and white on the outside.") As a Korean American, I found this distasteful. The food was good enough, but if you go, have a sense of humor about the commentary.Also, the owner of this business is painstakingly flaming/making personal attacks against anyone who leaves a less than perfect review of his establishment. Although I would've come back for the food, this obnoxious response is enough to keep anyone away.
5	I'm so so happy to have places within 5 minutes of my house where I can get a tasty, cheap lunch! I've been wanting to try this place for ages, but every time I went by they were closed. Sad face!I finally figured out when they were going to be open and zipped on down to try out the "controversial" tacos myself.Contrary to some of the reviews, these tacos were DELICIOUS. I tried both the chicken and the pork taco, along with the fries.The chicken taco was the spicier of the two, but that pork taco was no slouch either! The fries were perfectly crispy and  slightly spicy. Two tacos and fries came up to 8 bucks, which is slightly (by a few quarters) higher than what's listed on the site, so if you tend to not carry too much cash on you, remember that. 2 tacos were $5, and the fries were $2. All in all pretty cheap. Currently they're open 10-2, but the guy in the truck (sorry, don't remember your name) told me they would be expanding the hours once it got cooler. In short, tasty food + cheap + friendly service = Happy Heather.
4	Boy the reviews for this place are all over the map.  Well I just finally ate there and I thought it was decent.  Guy working was cool and friendly, had RUN DMC playing I thought that was a nice throwback.  Anyway, had a "Nate Dog"  a pork taco and the sweet balls.  Nate wasn't really my thing, was a grilled hot dog with mayo-ish sauce, and I am not much of a mayo fan.  However I thought the pork taco was REALLY good, somewhat spicy but very meaty and fresh.  And the balls, well, they were good too - served very hot with a sweet sauce. I suppose it is worth trying if you are into this kind of food.  I'd probably eat there again but these comments about cheap food - no.  It was $2.50 a taco.  For me "cheap" is Del Taco and a 59c taco which is basically across the street.  Yes Mr. Hanshishtaco if you read these, your pork taco was better than any taco at Del Taco but I would guess most guys especially, to fill up at this place, you are looking at $10 easy.
5	RIP Hanshiktaco. You will be missed.
