5	Khavkin Facial Plastic Surgery led by Dr. Jeannie Khavkin, a fellowship-trained facial plastic surgeon, who specializes in surgical and nonsurgical procedures for the face and neck with emphasis on natural-looking results.
2	She's a good dr. unless you are sick and need to see her.  Her ofc. offered me an appt. 2-1/2 wks later while I was really sick with a sinus infection.  They did not even offer to give me an antibiotic to see if it would work.  They did not even ask me how sick I was.  It did not matter to them.  I did not matter to them.  So, if you want to go to a dr. who does not care about you and your health, go see Dr. Khavkin.
5	I have had low airflow in my left nostril since I was young, and my right nostril would completely cave when ever I breathed in. I finally decided to do something about it and set up an appointment with an ENT specialist. He informed me that I should consider having a septoplasty and turbinate reduction performed in order to correct these issues. Of course, this brought a great deal of fear and trepidation.Luckily, I was referred to Dr. Khavkin. I felt at ease with her right away. She exudes professionalism and it was apparent from the initial consultation that she cares deeply about her patients. Dr. Khavkin has a true passion for her trade. Even though I had a lot of questions, she was very patient with me and made me feel at ease throughout the entire process.What is ultimately comes down to though is the end result, and in my case, I couldn't have asked for anything better. Even though she had explained that my deviation was extreme and would involve more intricate surgical techniques, she took the time to ensure it was done correctly, counseled me both before and after the surgery, and kept me informed of my progress throughout the entire recovery process. One month post-op, my septum is now inline, the nasal swelling has completely subsided, and I can now breathe through both of my nostrils. It is a feeling that many people take for granted, but that I am now honored to have thanks to Dr. Khavkin!Her office is in the Summerlin Hospital Medical Center, but she can also see patients at a Henderson location, if that is more convenient. This has proved beneficial for me in a number of occasions due to my work schedule. Her office staff is very punctual. I don't think I ever waited for than a few minutes in the waiting room. They may as well not even have it.I would highly recommend Dr. Khavkin to anyone who has been putting off the surgery but still yearns to breathe better. If your results are anything like mine, you will be amazed at how the quality of your life improves. I couldn't have asked for anything better. Dr Khavkin is a true professional and you will not be disappointed!
4	This was my first time seeing a specialist because I always just go to my general practitioner for medical issues but I figured since I've had a chronic condition, then perhaps a specialist would have more insight, but I guess I was wrong.  I'd give 2 1/2 stars.  While the Dr. seemed nice enough, I felt like my appointment was a waste of my time and copay.  I've had sinus problems for as long as I can remember and her solution was only a combination of antihistamine and nasal spray every day (stuff I've already done) and she did not address my ear problem at all.  I don't even remember the sequence that I'm supposed to do things, i.e. once at night/twice a day or whatever it was because they didn't bother to write it down or print it out for me, so I'll have to call the office back.  I have a follow up in 1 month and I'll update my review if the next visit is more helpful for my problem. She does cosmetic facial procedures that I've considered doing (and might based on her stellar reviews) and maybe she is more experienced and geared to that part of her practice rather than being an ear, nose, and throat doctor.
5	I got the most incredible facial here. Four days later I was still having zits come up ready for the poppin'. (Yes, boys, I have acne. Hard to believe under all that makeup I wear but those are not beauty marks.) This is not a spa experience. This is a medical level facial and esthetician experience. Adrienne, the esthetician, was phenomenal in getting me the results I needed, using a 20% salicylic acid solution for my facial that burned but in a way that I knew I would be happy with. I suppose I should say that I had a gift certificate for a free facial for this place. I did not pay for the service, but I gladly would have. It is a pretty penny at $100 for the hour long service, but I would happily recommend it to anyone who struggles with acne as an adult.
4	I went in to try some dermal fillers with Dr. Khavkin but unfortunately she does not perform the procedure I was wishing to have done.  She was very nice and helpful with trying to get me in touch with someone who might be able to help me which is why I'm bumping up my rating even though I did not receive any treatment from her.
2	I usually post on my husband's yelp account because we go to the same places and experience the same things. This, however, prompted me to create my own. If you would have asked me 2 months ago, I would have given a five star all the way. The office staff was friendly, the doctor was pleasant, everything was great. The problem now is this...This ENT only imports an audiologist offering audiology services every other Friday. This Friday was one of those days. I scheduled an appointment weeks ago to get the testing I need done this Friday. I have small children, I am a full time student, my husband and I both work... scheduling is difficult. I got a voicemail this morning that stated that because Dr. Khavkin is going out of town, my appointment was canceled and rescheduled for June 13th. That is less than 72 hours before my appointment that it was canceled and rescheduled to a time where I already have another appointment for something else. This means that because the doctor is going out of town, the scheduled appointment I have been waiting weeks to have is now pushed back at least another month. Who knows? By the time we get to it and I have rescheduled my entire life around having this new appointment at the end of June... she might be going out of town again!
