2	Like Chili's and TGIFriday's, O'Charley's is a casual sitdown restaurant chain.  Unlike Chili's and TGIFriday's, O'Charley's menu options leave a little something to be desired.  Granted, we didn't have one of their dinner entrees; we went for lunch and ordered from their "lunch combo" menu which consists of soups, salads, and sandwiches.  I ordered the Caesar salad and "overloaded" potato soup.  I'm not sure what the soup was overloaded with.  Calories, maybe?  Preservatives?  It certainly wasn't jam-packed with ingredients.  There were some slices of potato and some pieces of chopped bacon, but they looked sparse sitting in the thin, somewhat-cheesy, creamed soup base.  It looked and tasted like it was fresh...out of a can.  If that's your "signature" soup, wouldn't you want people to rave about it?  The Caesar salad was pretty average, too.  It's hard to make a Caesar salad bad, though.  But you can "wow" it by having thick creamy full-of-flavor dressing instead of the runny, bland stuff.   So, basically, everything was just very average.  The service was great, though.  Our server was very friendly and attentive.  But that's not enough to bring me back for lunch.
3	Another good meal, however, my steak was a good medium-rare when it was supposed to be medium. After a reheat, it was a little closer. First problem I have had here.
2	SERIOUSLY disappointed in O'Charley's. You don't expect to be "wow"ed by such a large chain, but they should certainly have their act together. First off nobody in the restaurant, from the disorganised hostess stand to the waitstaff, seemed to be more than 16 years old. Do we need 3 hostesses for a Saturday night? Perhaps, but the seating area was mostly empty. I'm not sure what they were doing there. Our waiter started off strong, but after taking our order, he seemed to disappear. We were out of bread and needing refills on drinks long before he showed up to check on us again. When our food came out, we were warned that literally every single plate (including kids' meals) was "really hot", and it was true. Having worked in the industry a long time, I can tell you that plates that hot are indicative of one thing only- your food sat in the prep window under heat lamps for a LONG time before anyone bothered to run it to your table. Sure enough, out of the 6 adults present, 2 ordered steaks (medium rare and medium)- both came out medium well-well done. 3 of us had ordered the asparagus as a side, which they actually charge EXTRA for, and it was so overdone it was completely inedible. Here's a hint, if you try to cut asparagus and you can't even cut it because it is so mushy and stringy, it's NOT something you should serve paying customers. Much less charge them extra. Out of the kids' meals, I have some of the least picky kids in the world, but my son hardly touched his mac and cheese. He pronounced it "really gross", but maybe he's been spoiled by restaurants that don't serve what looks like knockoff Velveeta.  I will say that after our waiter finally came around to check on us (drinks empty again)- he did send the manager over and the manager did choose to remove the upcharges for asparagus from our check. I consider that to be in the "should" category, however, so no extra points for that. The waiter was nice enough to offer us free dessert, which the kids took him up on, so we took home a bag of their fresh "donuts". They enjoyed them as breakfast the next morning. I would honestly usually give 1 star for how bad this experience was. Perhaps if they were busy, I'd understand, but considering how few other tables there were in the restaurant, I just can't wrap my mind around it. I'm bumping it up to 2 stars simply because I think they can do better. It's not our server's fault if the food was overcooked BEFORE it sat overlong in the window, and I'm willing to give him the benefit of the doubt; and the manager DID try to help us, although it was too little too late to save the meal. I won't be going back here, but I'm sure they can do a better job in future.
3	O'Charley's is an ok place to eat. You won't be thrilled by the menu, but your meal will be good and come to the table quick.
4	So this was my first trip in a long time to the university location mostly due to poor service as of late.  To my surprise it was delicious.  The waitress was polite, helpful, and attentive.  I had the black and blue Caesar salad.  I highly recommend it.
5	The bartender was very friendly and provided great service! Quality food at a great price. Big portions, great drink specials, and a relaxing atmosphere. I don't understand why it was so quiet on a weekend evening!?!
2	i dont know why i continue to go here there is always a problem when i dine in most of the waiters have attitudes and when i get to go my order is wrong
3	AH.. O'Charley's.  Seeing how the one by my old house closed down after a year or so, I didn't really have high expectations walking into this one for lunch during the work week (near my office).  When you walk in, it is eerily empty, but you get seated right away.  Mind you, this is on a Tuesday in the middle of the week, but I would think at 12:30, more business and diners would be coming through.I'm not sure how old this location is, but it does have a mural on the wall - it's pretty impressive and it still has reference to the Charlotte Hornets Basketball team so... "old".There are some lunch specials that involve some sort of 1/2 sandwich and soup... I went that route.  Food was good and the loaded potato soup was filling enough.  Our server was super nice, but it did take a while to settle the bill (which I found strange since the place was not busy at all).Overall a great location for UNCC students to bring their visiting parents - I dunno if it will be anything more than that.  It will be on my lunch radar, but not too high on the list for the University Area.
3	The complimentary rolls are addictive! You can't eat just one. The food is exceptional. The scenery is nice with a bar and some TVs.
2	Worst O'Charley's I have ever been to! My boyfriend and I got to O'Charley's at around 7:30 on a Tuesday evening. We walked in and there was no hostess at the door so we sat ourselves at a table in the bar area. We sat there for about 10 minutes before the hostess came by with some menus and said the bartender would be right with us. After about 5 minutes the bartender came by and she got our drink orders, which were 2 waters, she brought those then walked away and didn't say she would be back to get our order. She never came back and she wasn't busy. Maybe 4 people at the bar and one other table.We went to the hostess stand and asked if we could be sat with a server. She sat us with Ashley who was great and took care of us. She is the ONLY reason this place gets 2 stars. We ordered chicken tenders and they were almost inedible. Completely over fried, hard, and dry. I will most definitely not be back to this O'Charley's.
1	Never been to an O Charley's in my life and never will after going here today. Rolls were good and that's the best I can say about this place. Everything came out BURNT. The chicken pot pie I ordered was burned and so was my girlfriends Tuscan chicken. Atmosphere was lame and so were the servers. Plain Jane central. This restaurant seemed to be on the outs based on what I saw. Don't go here. There are so many similar restaurants in the area that do such a better job.
4	Lunch to go from O'Charleys was absolutely wonderful. I work in the same plaza so I called in my order for pick up. I ordered the loaded baked potato and broccoli which was only about $6. I drove right over there and the food was hot and ready within five minutes. The food tasted great. Best loaded baked potato I ever had. Will definitely be catching lunch there more often.
5	I had to take a moment to review my dining experience at this o'Charleys. I ate at the bar as this was on a Saturday evening and business was brisk, crowded even. Steven was at the helm at the bar an hats off to him, as he knows his stuff. I'm always impressed with wait staff who can remember your order WITHOUT writing it down, and Steven is of that class. Realizing that even the bar area is pretty full, he didn't miss a beat on full service to ALL.  I ordered a prime rib, dry rubbed in spices, well done that was simply exquisite. (My complements to the chef). Topped with a glass of great wine and for dessert a hot peach pie alamode..... My palate was pleased....
1	It pains me to give only one star to what normally is such a consistent chain restaurant. We hadn't been to an O'Charley's in a while and were traveling through, so we stopped in for a drink and appetizer. From the outside it looked great with the new updated exterior.  It was mid afternoon, about 2:30, so they weren't busy. Our waiter admittedly was new and didn't know much about the menu. The food came fast but there was a reason for that. It's because it wasn't prepared fresh. First, the fried pickles are terrible because they are made with hamburger dill chips. They were sour and had too much breading that wasn't freshly prepared. And the nachos were a disgrace. Chips thrown on a plate with liquid cheese poured sloppily missing most of the chips, with canned chili and a few tomatoes and green onions sprinkled on. Very sparse to say the least. We were hungry so we ate some, but then left quickly.And when did O'Charley's change their rolls? The ones we were served were dry and dusty - no sweet, shiny coating. The restaurant inside was old and looked dirty, and the seats on our booth were ripped. It's badly in need of a re-do. Such a disappointment.
5	Went last night, had a good time. Nice place for a quick delicious meal. Rolls are baller, I always either get steak or salmon and it's always cooked and seasoned perfectly. They changed their broccoli a few years ago and it's not as good as it used to be. They have a great drink selection, so I got a mojito, which was not very good. Not like a mojito you would get at a real bar. So I asked if I could get my regular Skyy lemonade, the manager was very friendly and understanding. I was very happy about that. My only complaints are that our waiter didn't say anything to us as we got up and left, even though he was standing right there, also the booth we sat at had a giant hole in the seat. I'll always love coming here though.
5	I have to say o'charlies was definitely a pleasant surprise. The manager Keon gave my wife and I the royal treatment and the waiter really knew the menu very well. At the waiters suggestion we had the Louisiana sirloin definitely delicious. All in all very good experience.
3	I always get good customer service at this location. The food isn't always perfect, but never bad enough that I had to send it back. Like I said, the customer service at this location is why I will continue to give them my business. Every time I have eaten there, a manager has made a point to come out and make sure that everything is well.
2	Eh. sub-par food and sub-par service is the only way I can describe this place. I've been here more than once (not by my choice, mind you) and each time, the food gets more and more underwhelming. The last time I was there (and hopefully that time was my last!), I ordered the honey fried chicken and mashed potatoes w/gravy. The chicken was more fried skin than meat and the mashed potatoes seemed and tasted like something that had been reheated. It just reminded me of sad cafeteria food and not worthy of the $10 price.
