2	This place definitely has the ability to be 4 stars. I have had two great experiences here, but one that was so bad that I still can't justify a 4 star, or even 3. Must say this place has great homemade food. Really good soups, and tasty bread.Also, a lot of baked goods on the counter to choose from. Definitely a gem and a great cafe for the area. Plus it's licenced! However, I had a bad experience here when I went in to get a sandwich to go. I decided on the roasted veg + hummus. Firstly, it took ages to get initially!! So when I sat for them to make a sandwich (and it wasn't incredibly busy inside) the waiter was just TOO chatty. Finally, a good 10 minutes later, I got my sandwich and left. As soon as I crossed the street, opened my sandwich, there was just a big bun filled with hummus, JUST hummus. Yes.. no veg, just a bun with a gross amount of hummus. NOW! That's terrible. It taste awful and I couldn't believe it. So I wasn't going to pay for that. I walked back and explained. The guy apologised and said they'd make me another, and refunded me 70% of my sandwich. So as I waited another 10 minutes the chatty man kept saying things like "oh they're roasting things now, especially for you, it will be better" (started to have a growing anger towards him). Ten minutes passed and I became impatient and didn't even want a sandwich at this point. Finally when I got the sandwich, left, got across the street, opened it, i found 3 dinky pieces of roasted red pepper. That was hardly roasted. NOW! That was terrible. I ordered mixed veg, and spent at least 20 minutes waiting in total, for a TERRIBLE sandwich. I thought they would have made it amazing since I had complained anyways.I ate two big bites to fix a bit of my hunger, then threw it in the garbage.
4	I went here for breakfast one weekday morning. I confess, I had never heard of the place, it was a friend's choice as she lives nearby.  First impressions were favourable, bright decor (perhaps a few too many cushions, I had to move them before I could sit down), an airy, spacious feel, relaxed atmosphere. All good. The menu has plenty of choice (though someone needs to tell them that Eggs Benedict only refers to the dish made with ham, serve it with spinach and it's called Eggs Florentine, with salmon and it's called Eggs Royale) and I struggled to choose. In the end I opted for french toast with bacon and maple syrup - a long standing breakfast favourite of mine - and a flat white. One of my friends had the same and the other had the Eggs Benedict with smoked salmon (as they call it). We had a slightly worrying moment when the waitor took orders from two of us and then abruptly walked away seemingly forgetting about the third person at our table. Turned out he had gone to hold the door open for a lady with a pushchair. Obviously fine, but it would have been nice if he'd told us that rather than leaving us with the (albeit temporary) impression that he was just abandoning his order-taking duties for no reason.The food arrived quickly and was lovely. The coffee was good too. All in all it was a pleasant-but-not-quite-perfect breakfast experience. It might not be my first choice, but I would be happy to go there again.
1	Oh.. piecebox. I'm trying to give you a chance, but no you have dissapointed me again. So this morning I really wanted a coffee.. But having just pennies in the bank account I thought that I'd reallllllly reallllllllly realllllly have to want one, to sacrifice the 2.10 in my pocket. So, with a bit of hesitation, I walk into piecebox with the intention of a coffee to go. After waiting about a minute or so for the lady infront of me to be served, the lady at the till asks what I would like. Definitely not in any sort of enthusiastic manner, which is to be expected really, but she also did not give any sort of eye contact. After, " One large Cappuccino please."She starts to make my drink. First, there was a random coffee cup that was on the machine, she pours what is left at the bottom of this, and then quickly heats up some milk that was in the metal jug, and pours. Voila! Really fast, almost too fast.. and what was that coffee cup fillup? a shot already made? Didn't look big. Well no, it wasn't, it couldn't be.She gave a wee sprinkle of chocolate on top, and away I go, with a giant take-away coffee cup (one of those bigger sizes, like starbucks style). Now at this point I thought, this was fast, but I was curious as to what my coffee would taste like. So I start walking down the street to find what basically tastes like a giant cup of hot milk, with a bit of taste of chocolate on top. Pretty much the worst cappuccino I've ever had in my life. With a hope of finding something that would taste remotely like coffee, I decided to pour quite a fair amount of drink down the drain on the street. Nope, no coffee. :( ... my poor 2.10 down the drain (literally) and then into the bin. I was so sad. Next time piecebox, actually make some shots of espresso please, fast service is only okay when it's quality! People don't like giant cups of hot milk!
4	I've been here a few times now as I live nearby and yesterday had a lovely flat white and a very large slice of incredibly tasty blueberry and lemon *something* cake.I also tried some of my friend's Earl Grey which I thought tasted very nice, from a lovely old lady teapot and a nice cup and saucer! The staff are quite friendly, not oooverly so but that's OK in my books. My only qualm with the tea time experience was that the music from the kitchen was loud enough to hear along with the music playing front of house. Both sets of songs were quite enjoyable but pretty annoying when overlapped!Overall I like it there, will be back again and think it's worth trying especially if you're in the area!
4	This is a lovely little local cafe on a sunny corner in Polwarth, near Santangeli's deli. It's just round the corner from us, so we went here for Sunday breakfast, and it was just great. I had the French toast with bacon and maple syrup, my OH had the mushrooms on toast with perfectly poached eggs. Scrummy! My sourdough toasts were HUGE, eggy, bacony and syrupy. Just what was needed. A pot of coffee and Sunday papers aplenty saw us ease into Sunday morning in style.The cafe itself is styled in a mixed-clashing-vintage way, with cute additions to the decor such as flower-stuffed birdcages hanging from the ceiling, and teacups hanging in the windows. It's a cheery, cute spot, and judging from how quickly the place filled up, popular with other locals.
5	I dropped in here for lunch today and loved it. I had a summer fruit smoothie, which arrived looking more like a cocktail - in a fancy glass, with a skewer with fresh fruit balanced on top. (It's these little touches which make me smile!)  I went for a sandwich and soup combo and wasn't disappointed. There were loads of sandwich filling options and (I went for ploughmans - yum!) and the soup was delicious too. I didn't sample the baking this time, but all the cakes and brownies that were on display looked amazing so I'll definitely be going back to sample those soon!Whilst the food was great, the overall experience was what made it a nice venue. It is decorated with colourful wallpaper and there are a mix of normal wooden seats and comfy looking armchairs and sofas. The staff on today were so helpful. As soon as I arrived, soaked from the rain and struggling to get through the door with my pram, a member of staff ran straight over and helped me in, then brought me a menu quickly. The food was served quickly and with a smile, and they happily accommodated my request for bread and jam (not on the menu) for my fussy 2 year old's lunch. For me that's the difference between 4 and 5 stars.The notice board on the wall said that Piecebox can be hired/reserved exclusively for events or groups, and it also has an alcohol licence and is open late! Definitely somewhere to consider for date night in the future! We'll certainly be going back. *One tiny problem with it, is that whilst I managed in with my pram today, if the cafe was busier at all I might have struggled to get in and find a space. It probably isn't somewhere that a group of mums could all squeeze into unless prams were left outside. However my daughters foldable buggy was kindly popped into the staff room for us, so perhaps there is storage room for folded prams out of sight!
2	In a sentence: Piecebox can shine when it wants to but it can also be as dull as an old tin lunch box...So what're the vibes like?Pretty cool.I like the aesthetics of this little spot. The fresh and trendy interior design and crockery sit somewhere between Scandinavian chic and British eccentricity. It manages to appeal to a huge cross section of people; my Granny would think it's bohemian and someone used to drinking coffee sitting on an old hessian sack would find it pretty quaint. ...and that's a compliment by the way. Nobody is in here to be seen; and put it this way, you'd be hard pushed to feel over or under dressed here. The atmosphere is always relaxed.If you sit-in you'll get table service, which has been nothing but smooth and friendly on my visits. The portions are handsome and the food is generally lovely, justifying the price tag which approach that of a restaurant.So, nice spot, and if the service was consistently flawless, or even flawlessly consistent then my finger would be hovering in deliberation between the 4 and 5 star button, unfortunately however Piecebox doesn't hit the nail on the head every time.My first visit to a newly opened PB proved below par and saw me wait nearly 15 minutes for a take away sandwich, which, in the end was decent, but had nothing over the pre-wrapped ones in nearby deli Santangeli's. A fairly unapologetic member of staff trying to crack jokes about the length of my wait did nothing to improve my fettle.I've had the beef nachos 3 times, twice lovely, once however, I obviously got the bottom of the bag of tortillas, with only a few whole chips and half a bowl of proper crumbs, and, although I forget exactly what, something stated on the menu was missing from my dish (perhaps fresh tomatoes).My trip today was for a take away coffee and my flat white was a latte, and a rather milky one at that. Not a HUGE problem, but considering both flat white and latte are on the menu, its worth flagging up.If Piecebox were to get a school report card it would read 'Very bright but easily distracted'
4	I've only discovered Piecebox recently but I think it might become a new favourite haunt. Tucked away quietly on a corner of Polwarth, this is one of those places that you'd never find as a matter of course. It feels like an Edinburgh secret! The cafe is a really cute little place, with mis-matched furniture, comfy seats and cool decor all over the walls. The owners had made an extra effort for Halloween when I last visited, so spiders, cobwebs and skeletons made an appearance! This place is great for cakes (they are immense), tea and coffee. I haven't eaten here for a proper plate of grub, but I have it on good authority that the club sandwich is excellent. Definitely recommend as a place to go if you want a relaxed and fun catch up with friends or family. It's got a lovely atmosphere. Very cosy and fun.Only downside is the service. Sheesh! It can be very slow and the staff look so miserable. If I was working in a lovely little coffee shop like Piecebox I'd be chuffed - I'm not sure why they always look so glum...
4	My flatmate told me about this place and it's so close to me I'm surprised I've never noticed it before. Myself and three friends decided to check it out and for a Sunday it was easy enough to get a table, and the service was very quick. There was a lot of choice on the menu of really good sounding food and I went for the french toast with bacon and maple syrup on sourdough bread. It was gooooood. Everyone enjoyed their food and we were all impressed with the cafe in general. It was nicely decorated and cosy. My only complaint was that they didn't leave the jug of maple syrup with us, but maybe that was a good thing! :D
2	Lovely people but when its busy its a disaster area.Was there for brunch with 6 friends at the weekend and it was all a bit disappointing. We ordered quite promtply, food and drinks and were looking forward to our vrunch.It took 20 minutes for our drinks to make it to us, even the tap water which we had to ask for 3 times. Then all of a sudden drinks and extra drinks were appearing to the table as we were quite sternly told we had ordered.......!The food came out probably after about 35 minutes, not too bad but you know....HUNGRY man!!!I went for the fry up, immediate issue was my poached egg was a fried egg, the fried egg looked tatty, there was almost no white...where it had gone im not sure but not great. 30 seconds later my poached egg arrived....im guessing they use poaching cups or one of those funny pans becuase this isnt a poached egg as I know it...... !Then I relaised I didnt have my sausage....pretty key to my fry up...again in lightening speed it was brought to me. Sorry to say the poor thing was mroe wrinkled than my Gran. It was tough and not very good - im guessing it has been under a heat lamp for quite some time.as ive said before if you do a fry up you live & die by the ingredients...this was not a good example of Scotlands favourite breakfast. Looking at my friends food there seemed to be mixed opinions.....the hollandaise wasnt hollandaise.......some mad looking mexican breakfast option seemed to be the biggest hit.Will i give it another go....yes......but they have to do a lot better!!
4	I'm in Edinburgh on holiday.  I dropped off clothes at the launderette, and on my way back to the hotel stopped here for lunch.  What a delightful place!  Cute atmosphere.  It's in a student section of Edinburgh and reminds me of places I would eat when I was at uni.  I had the soup of the day, tomato with veg and red beans;  I added bacon and cheese toast.  Yummy!  I'm very surprised at the reviews stating bad service, as I thought the staff was lovely.
1	A stone's throw from our house, would have been such a lovely local place for us to go to. Unfortunately, we were treated with utter contempt by the owner; suspect she thought we were tourists, or worse still, there was a racist aspect to her manner. Who knows, but we have not been back since. And never will....
