1	STAY AWAY!!!! I took a sandrail here to do a simple powder coat. I was told it would take 5 days. I was going out of town so I told them I would be back in 8 business days to pick up. When I went to pick it up, I was told that they got a late start and it was still getting stripped and it would be done if 5 more days. Keep in mind, this was not them contacting me, but me showing up with trailer to pick it up at the site. So 5 days later I show up again at the site and the doors are locked. Called and left a voicemail and got a call back the next day saying that it still wasn't done. I was told it was 2 more days, 3 at the most. I called 2 days later and it still wasn't done. I told them that I was going to show up at the end of the week and pick it up no matter what the condition of it is. They agreed that Friday they would be done for sure. Sit down for this one, I showed up on Friday, the door was locked and no one was there. I called 3 different times and no one answered. I was out of town the next week and got a call that the rail was done. I told them that I would pick it up on Monday when I get back. On Monday I called and they said that most of the rail was done, but they ran out of powder so they didn't do it all. When I showed up to pick it up, they were right, 2/3rds of the rail was done and the part they did do was terrible. I wish I could upload pictures up the work because you would be shocked. I just took it as it was because I couldn't wait another month for them to fix it. I am typically one that ignores a bad review when I see other good reviews, but please keep this review in mind. When I priced them out they were the same price, if not a little more, than other shops, so there are other option out there.
4	I had a set of wheels powdercoated. The quality and finish look excellent. I do not see any sign of poor workmanship. I've had several sets of wheels powdercoated from different shops before and these look just as good as the others. The price was excellent, only $240 for a set of 4 so no complaints there. The only reason why i'm giving them 4 stars is their turn around time. When I dropped them off I asked when I should expect them done. The guy said to give him ABOUT a week. So a week rolls by and I check to see if they are done and he just told me the wheels had to be chemically stripped and he was dropping them off that day and that they will be done on Friday (Black Friday 11/23/12). I email to see if they were done on Friday and no response. Today (11/26/12) I get a call from them saying the wheels were done. Was exactly 2 weeks from the time I dropped them off to the time I received them back (but there was also thanksgiving holiday in there too so knock a day or two off for that).Aside from the delayed ETA to finish them, i was happy with the quality and communication and price. We will see how this powdercoating job holds up over the year and i'll try to post another update at that time. If you are in no rush to get your stuff powdercoated I would recommend them. If you are in a rush and need something turned around in a decent time frame I would consider another location. As Brandon L mentioned it took him a long time to get his sand rail and my ETA was also a week out then quoted.
5	I was quite happy with the work they recently did for me on a set of pistons.  They did an excellent job cleaning them (they had been previously used in an engine) and they did a great job masking the important parts.   In the past Ive always sent pistons to New York for coating - it's nice to know I can now keep it local. Thanks
