2	I build custom furniture. I've been to lowes twice in the past week for two beds that I am making. Each time I've been to this lowes I've needed very specific building materials that I've seen at home depot.I've gone to lowes because they're usually a little cheaper, and they have more decorative items. Unfortunately because of the increase of decorative items it seems theres not only enough room for adequate building materials, but adequate assistance as well.Trip one: 6 2x4s, two stain ready shelves, 6 5x10 pieces of pine. I also needed 10 L brackets, at least three inches wide each. These are essential to the stability of the frame. I informed one of the guys at lowes, not only did he have no options other than an overly long, very thin L bracket, he insisted no other building supply/hardware store would carry one, and that I should buy the wrong one at their store, or go to the welding class at MCC and commission a student there to create several for me. These brackets are common in home building btw. Found them at home depot (for 83 cents each!)Trip two: Ready to make the second headboard, I was looking for composite bender board. I needed about 6 12 foot pieces, but cut into six foot lengths to fit in the car. Found the boards ($6.12 ea.), found a very nice man to cut them for us. As he is cutting them, another lowes worker comes over, makes the man cutting them for us stop (halfway through) and tells us that this type of board cannot be cut on his (his??) saw, that it would ruin the blade (in a building supply store do you think they have replacement blades?), and that despite the sign that says several types of materials can be cut, including this, that we have to stop. We asked if they had another type of saw to cut them, he said no. We walked out. We ended up at home depot down the street, not only did they have the correct board, in longer lengths, it was on clearance (sign said $2.06, but they ended up being a penny each!!), they cut them all for us for no cost, no questions asked. Lowes is nice if you need a new ceiling fan (but not any parts to install it), and maybe some paint and lightbulbs. If you're actually making a project or doing some real home improvement, save yourself the trip, see the experts at home depot
4	Brand spankin' new...customer service with a smile.Good selection, good prices, friendly customer service. Bought some stuff to make the house better - garage door opener, some hooks to finally hang that darn 65 x 78 painting up...Nothing at all like Home Depot, either. I found the fixtures for kitchen improvements here to be of higher quality as well.Thumbs up from me...plus, it's so close to the house - not sure if that's a good or a bad thing. Time will tell.
5	Having just moved, I have found myself in dire need of the little necessities you need to make an empty apartment into a dream pad.  Lowe's has served my needs very well.  One thing that I've noticed is that it doesn't matter when I've visited, I've always been greeted by a happy person who asks if I need help finding anything in a very genuine way.  Not every hardware store offers this.  Sure, I'd love to give my money to a mom and pop joint, but none exist in my area, so Lowe's has done its job.Even better is their garden department.  Their prices are fair and the people really know their stuff.  Lowe's has a great policy for their plants; if the plant you purchase dies before a year, they either refund your money or replace your plant.  You can't go wrong with that.  I've purchased plants at other places and had those plants die within days of the transaction, despite my following directions to the letter.  It makes me feel a lot safer knowing that if something unforseen happens, I am covered.  Recently, this came in handy when a bougainvillea I purchased decided to shrivel up inexplicably.  I had lost my receipt, and Lowe's didn't make me feel bad about it.  They gave me a merchandise credit and tried to help me find another plant.Even though I've got most of the gear I need for my new apartment, you bet I'll go back.  Their good customer service will see to that.  Plus, I've got some more ideas about more plants for my patio.  Like tattoos, once you get one, you can't stop.
2	I have a bone to pick with the lowes on Rural and Baseline Rd in Tempe. I am an electrical contractor and I understand the slow down in sales and business. I had purchased trims from the Lowes at I10 and Ray which had been marked down to half price. I needed 4 additional trims which inventory showed they had but they weren't found. They called over to their "sister" which showed 13 units in stock. They sent me over to pick up the remaining needed trims directly after purchasing the last of Ray's stock. The units at the Baseline store were not clearanced and they would not honor their own price from another store though I had my receipt in hand showing the lower price. I've never had a problem like this with Home Depot. Frankly, I am a little disappointed that in a time when sales are slow, a company won't bend over backwards to accommodate a customer.  Cheers for "Orange team".
5	I don't need much help when I go to home improvement stores, but the Lowe's staff at the rural/baseline location have always been very helpful.  The store is clean and it's very close to my house.  This makes it very convenient for small projects I have to do occasionally.
2	Tubing for a drip system in my garden is not in gardening; it's in plumbing.  I guess that makes sense as I'm putting a plumbing system in my garden, or at least my wife is.  Light bulbs are not in lighting; they are in a separate light bulb section.  Not sure how to rationalize that one, but changing light bulbs is all me, in case you were wondering.  And so it goes in the aisles of Lowes that feel more like a maze with dead ends, trick turns, and no end in sight.  I would end up blaming myself if customer service weren't lacking.  It seems to be hit or miss with few hits.  The best thing Lowes has going is a convenient location.
4	I have not been on Yelp in forever due to the purchase and renovation of my new house.  In the transition time between my old apartment and there, this Lowe's has almost been a third home for me.  It only makes sense that I make my first comeback review for here.This Lowe's location is where we made the majority of purchases for our home improvements.  From muriatic acid to a dishwasher to cabinet handles, we got the bulk of it here.  Both my wife and I want to give a BIG shout out to Rick who gave us all kinds of support and advice before and during our renovation.  The manager was also very supportive in helping us move money in and out of our credit account so that we could get the 5% off on all of our purchases.  One of our purchases was so big that we essentially got a microwave oven for FREE with the 5% off credit deal.  Just great.Why only four stars?  In a word, Kevin.  We made an appointment with Lowe's some weeks ago to have a sliding door installed into the house.  We were under the impression that a man named Jesus was coming by to have a look at everything and give us an estimate.  Instead, this guy Kevin comes by.  When I mentioned to him that I was letting my wife decide on the style of the door, he commented to me that he learned three things to say in his long term of marriage: "Yes dear", "That looks nice dear", and "You're right dear."  Uh, OK.  Later, when I mentioned to him that she was in charge of the house decor (because she cares about it far more than I do), Kevin responded, "Yeah, I got the outs on how long you are going to be married."WTF?And now for the double WTF:  After his big sales song and dance, Kevin sets up the order, or so we think, and here it is a month later and still no door--apparently never put into the system.  He insults me, my wife and our marriage, and then charges us over a grand for no service.  We are going to get this straightened out with Lowe's ASAP.We love this Lowe's location overall and we think that you will like it too, but STAY AWAY FROM KEVIN!
5	Always have plenty of products in stock, very organized store, and EXTREMELY helpful staff.  I don't even like going to hardware stores and I like to go to this Lowe's!
2	This Lowe's is the closest home improvement store to my house at just a mile away.  It used to be my first stop.  But then I noticed that I was leaving and going to the Home Depot 2 miles further down Baseline Rd.I received incorrect info so many times that I do not trust most of the clerks.  If you want someone knowledgeable, get a manager.When I was looking into buying Vinyl dual pane windows, we went here with my rough out measurements for 5 windows, all custom sizes.  A few days later when I had decided that their price was good, I took a second look at the sales quote and discovered that the rough outs on 3 of the 5 windows were input into the proposed order incorrectly.  1 was too large and would not have fit, and the other two were too small.  Being custom order, I would have had to 'eat' the error and reorder.And yesterday, I stopped in for a oscillating yard sprinkler.  The old fashioned kind you attach to a hose.  They had them at $5.99-$24.99, and all were junk.  So as I'm walking out a clerk asks me if I found what I needed, I smiled and said "no" and just kept walking.  No attempt to help find what I was looking for, I walked out and went to HD.
4	It is Always a toss up for me between Home Depot and Lowe's. This is very close to my house. So i have visited here many times.THe parking lot is huge and it is a great location. However there return policay is not as good as Home Depot. So HP gets more stars than does Lowe's .They have a huge store with a lot of inventory, but at times they do not always have what i need to build something or make a repair.  So i am off to Home Depot many times when i need something.They have a good Credit Card and you can get $20.00 coupons after so much purchases. There is also a good website to get what you need.
3	...the clerks are helpful enough, I guess, but there is something about the overhead lights at Lowes' (all of them) that makes me dizzy and unwell feeling.  I'm not sure if it is the buzzing, the color, or the combination plus the slight woody smell of the store but I can literally only spend 30-40 minutes here before I simply must leave.  Nice selection, good prices, but as a soon-to-be-homeowner with improvements to make I get the idea I'll be looking elsewhere.
5	Better than Home Depot when it comes to garden stuff.
2	Like Mario, it is always a toss up between Lowe's and HomDep... however this Lowe's is right next to my work so I stopped in yesterday on my way home to grab a few things. To my own stupidity I got the wrong thing and needed to return them today....It is no longer a toss up for me, Lowe's failed me. Not a single person asked if I needed any help, when I was clearly lost. I did break down and asked someone for help locating some bracket things, and the guy had no idea what I was talking about. He pointed me in some crazy direction that was of no help. Rather than suffering through the store again and trying to ask someone else I just went straight to the customer service counter to just return my items and get the hell out of the store. That even proved to be a headache. There were three people behind the counter and one person in front of me, and I guess it took all three of them to help her, as I stood there for almost 10 minutes waiting, impatiently without even the slightest "We will be right with you." What Lowe's lacks in products, service and intelligents, Home Depot makes up for ten fold. I wont make that mistake again.
1	I officially have Lowe's on my NO list.  I went there today to look for a specific type of garden nozzle.  I didn't see it, so I described it to the clerk that offered help. "Oh we don't sell those anymore, we have these nice adjustable gun style nozzles"  Exactly what I did not want.  So  I put everything back and headed a mile down to the road to Home Depot.  YES they had it plus the other items that I needed.  Over the past three years, I have made many purchases for my house, and Lowes is the closest, but it always means leaving and continuing on to Home Depot.  I just wish the two stores were in each others place.
4	BooYah to Rick in the garden department here. The Lovely and I went in search of frost tolerant trees and were directed to Rick. It was 110' and he was full of energy and knowledge and we left with two large Rosewood trees based on the information he gave us. So pleased to have access to that kind of help just down the street - not to mention the trees!! They always have my AC filters and are a good paint resource as well. I'm a fan; will always take Lowes over Home Depot and so far anyway, I haven't had issues with not being able to find what I need.
5	The service here is amazing! I've always been a fan of of Lowes but this one has really won me over. Been in here two seperate occasions, one was in the garden center and the other was inside. Both times I was offered help by several employees and when I did need it I was given very specific, clear information and even asked if I needed them to walk over to that section with me!Aside from the great service their prices and policies are amazing! I believe they back all their live plant purchases with a lifetime guarantee plus My Lowes online which tracks all your purchases so you never forget what you had if you need more or lose a reciept! I will be shopping here almost exclusively. Great all around!
4	Love Lowes!  This one is nice!  Workers don't follow you around asking you if you need help.  But they are then when you need them.  Great staff, great store.
5	This is my very first review anywhere on the net. I was so impressed with the customer service I received at the Lowe's store on Baseline in Tempe that I wanted to pass this experience along. I recently had Lowe's install new cabinets and granite countertops in my kitchen and both bathrooms. The quality was by far better than I expected, and the cost was very competitive. My place now looks amazing and I have just one employee to thank for the success of this whole project, Amanda in Kitchen Cabinets. She (and Lowe's) exceeded my expectations in every possible way with this project.First, Amanda made it clear from day one that Lowe's had my back. I had some issues with the contractor that installed the granite countertops. Basically, the contractor took some short cuts with the backsplashes that I was not at all happy with. I was getting nowhere with the contractor and I felt they were trying to give me the brush-off. I can tell you that once she heard from me about this, she was all over that contractor. She told the contractor in no uncertain terms to get the job done to my satisfaction without further delay (yes, I saw the email). I am glad she was on my side! Needless to say, it was then resolved promptly without any further push back from the contractor (no headaches for me!). This is what I liked best, Lowe's was in my corner and Amanda was always on my side.Second, Amanda gave me as much attention as I needed to answer all my questions. I probably was a pain when compared to most customers, but she was with me ever step of the way, and took as much time with me as I needed. She kept me updated with different scenarios and the impact on costs throughout the entire decision-making process. Often, I would decide to backtrack on a previous decision I made and make changes that probably caused Amanda additional work. I never felt she was annoyed with me, or that I was being rushed. I am an Accountant by trade and I ask a heck of a lot of questions when it comes to my money. I prefer to get as much detail as I can get my hands on. After working with her, I can say that I trust her completely. She always kept me aware of any discounts I was entitled to, and helped me structure the project to take advantage of pricing promotions when available. I believe I got more than my money's worth on this. I highly recommend Amanda if you have a kitchen or bathroom project. Just stop in and visit her once and you will know exactly what I am talking about.
4	We've been to this Lowes quite a few times. It's easy to navigate through the aisles, and we usually find what we need with no problem.
3	I go into Lowes when there's nothing else around, and I don't mean to be a downer, but I want to give them the benefit of the doubt, then I leave severely unimpressed.  The layout is not conducive to shopping, and sometimes you'll find that two like items are stocked across the store from each other, for no apparent reason.  The quality of the products and tools are ok for simple homeowner DIY's, but not up to par for a contractor, which plays out when you look at the 'contractor's parking;' sparse at best.  I wouldn't recommend going to Lowes, but I won't discourage anyone either, take it or leave it.
2	$7.94 for a bag of 50 1/4" "T" irrigation emitters struck me as unreasonable, but I was in the middle of a job and didn't have the time or energy to run around comparing prices.  The next day, while at Ace Hardware at Broadway and Rural, I saw a bag of 50 emitters for $5.59.  And two days later, I saw that Home Depot had them for $4.96.  I understand that price variability exists between retailers, but charging nearly $8.00 for a product that probably cost all of 35 cents to manufacture and ship struck me as sheer greed.  Lowes does price match, as the manager reminded me, but he also added that a prominent electronics store up the street charges $80 for a 10' audio cable (so apparently, in his eyes, gouging consumers is acceptable because other retailers do it.)  Taking advantage of Lowes' price-matching policy requires extra stops, and I think that consumers would prefer that store policy merely offer reasonably priced goods.  Prices that are 60% higher than the primary competition are not reasonable.  And I suspect that most people would think that a major retailor such as Lowes would be able to offer better prices than a smaller volume neighborhood store like Ace Hardware.On the plus side, the Lowes staff that I dealt with was knowledgeable and helpful - especially the man in plumbing.  However, I can't shake the feeling that Lowe's can't be trusted to serve my interests.  This store is in my neighborhood, but the lingering sour taste in my mouth means that I will be shopping elsewhere.
3	"That's just the way people are."Overheard when I went to get the plants I was going to purchase back off the shelf.Me thinkth that was a negative comment directed at me.
5	I've come to this Lowes for little things - spray paint, signs, and random safety equipment. Each visit has been pleasant. Everyone is friendly and the check-outs are fast.
5	We bought appliances and staff was really helpful. We especially want to thank to Gila and David from appliances section.
3	This is a relatively small Lowe's compared to the one at Price and Chandler. Went here a few times and they recommended to go to the other one to find what I was looking for. Good for simple stuff, but I would recommend calling ahead to see if they have what you are looking for.
2	I have to be honest that I really would prefer to go to the Home Depot down the road. The customer service at Home Depot is really really good especially because I'm not always sure exactly what I need. I also think they have a little bit better selection.
1	Today's experience was horrible customer service at Lowes. There was absolutely no workers on the floor. Cashiers don't know their jobs pr how to complete them and managers won't come over to help. Maybe home depot wants my money more?
2	TERRIBLE customer service.  Absolutely terrible.  They do not care about the customer, treat their customers like they're burdens interrupting their workday, and this location in particular has a very poor inventory.  The store manager, Julie, is no better; she is no advocate for her consumer.  I'll never shop here again.
