5	The largest Skeet and Sporting Clays facility in Southern Nevada.   Went here to shoot some trap with the guys.   Facility is in the Nellis Air Force base and requires you to be "escorted"  (see instructions on the web).  12 fields to choose and very easy going crowd.  Well kept facility. Prices are reasonable.   Small selection of rentals.  If they advertised more and had more gun rentals, would be a good break from gambling/eating/sleeping all day.
5	InVegas for work and had a free day to burn, really glad I found this shooting range.  How can it get any better; fighter jets flying overhead as they take off and land at the nearby air strip, and a day shooting a very challenging clays course?  For me, the answer is, "it doesn't".  An experience that I will remember for a long time.  Rich and Henry were both very accommodating knowing that this was my first time visiting.  I needed all equipment to shoot sporting clays, gun, shell pouch, ammo, etc... they had it all.  Even though each stand has a delayed pull, Henry was very nice in that he let me be for a about half of the 13 stands, and then joined me for the rest and pulled for me.  Definitely will come back the next time I'm in town.
5	Nellis is the best place to shoot skeet in southern Nevada hands down, and if you are looking elsewhere you need to stop.  This is a great place to shoot That has won awards from the NSSA for large club of the year more than once.  They know what the shooting public is looking for and they are always making efforts to respond to requests.  The clubhouse has full bathrooms air conditioning and drinks.  If you are looking to purchase firearms that can be arraigned,  there are some rental guns if you need it.  There is ammo sales and some reloading components available.  This is not the main reason to come however.  The people there are solid folks who will welcome you no matter what your background is or your shooting experience level.    Henry maintains the machines and does his utmost to keep the machines up and running.  There are 11 fields and several are trap overlays.  The machines are LaPorte with carousels.  For major registered shoots the briley wands are in use.  For people that want to shoot sporting clays there is a great course available for that as well.  There are RV hook ups for the out of town peopleThere is skeet league on Sundays where you can shoot 100 targets and have those count as registered as well.
5	By far the best shooting range in Las Vegas.  The rifle range is simply amazing.  Targets from 50 to 904 yards surrounded by terrain features.  The trap range is clean with plenty of lanes.  The pistol range is well maintained with quality steel and target stands that stay put in the wind.  Staff is friendly and generally busy so they tend to be down to business.  Safety is not overbearing and shooters are free to train as they see fit as long as the NRA safety rules are followed.  Getting on base is never a problem as long as you get on the "list".  I highly recommend joining the club.
