5	Let's see:Nice, clean office.Friendly, efficient staff.Modern equipment.They are part of my insurance.They have movies to watch when you're getting work done.Dr. Peterson is one of the nicest men I've ever encountered.I had two fillings done today (and will be getting a root canal in a month), and it was as great an experience as one can have.  I had no pain at all, and the time went by quickly.  To top it off, Dr. Peterson called me at home tonight to check on me.  So he's a great dentist, but he's extremely kind too!
5	I'd give this six stars if I could.  I had my first root canal a week ago and while I won't say it was as good as going for drinks and dancing, it was a very good experience.  I didn't feel anything.  I never dread going to the dentist....
5	I've been going to Dr. Peterson since he opened his practice, many, many years ago.  Prior to Dr. Peterson, 've always dreaded going to the dentist, but now I actually look forward to my appointments.  Dr. Peterson and his staff are always very friendly and professional, they treat my husband and I like family.  Amy, the hygientist, does an excellent job of cleaning my teeth while being very gentle.  I can't tell you how many I've been to that are so rough that your teeth hurt for days afterwards.  I can't say enough about what a wonderful find Dr. Peterson was.
5	I've been meaning to write a review of how much I love Dr. Peterson and his staff, but like most people, I tend to procrastinate.  My husband however just walked into my office to tell me he'd missed a call, and it was a voice mail from Dr. Peterson personally calling to wish him a happy birthday - now that is customer service!!!We were referred to him for an implant my husband needed done, and found everyone to be very friendly and professional.  We have returned to see him as our primary dentist and love everything about the experience (well, okay, as much as anyone can possibly love going to the dentist!).  Routine cleanings are painless, and every bit of what is being done is explained in detail so there are no surprises or uncomfortable moments.The office and exam/treatment rooms are welcoming, the staff is super friendly and very competent, and we plan to be returning patients for many years!
