3	I was in the search for Sinaloa tacos/Karinas which I knew was on the corner of Decatur and Vegas. I ended up seeing this bustling little cart and thought it was it. It was not and that cart was in fact across the street at the gas station. However, we were here and there was people so we stayed and ordered up a snack as planned. Felipe's tacos is in the Milford Automotive parkinglot and shares its space with a hotdog vendor so it's a easy way to tell where you are at. The menu is no frills with the meat types under the order window and then you can tell them in what vessel you want it (tacos, burrito, torta, quesadilla) from as far as I can tell. Pretty much everyone was going for tacos though. We ordered some cabeza and lengua. The plus of this place is you can see at the window the tortillas are being made fresh by hand. For $1.50 the tacos are a good size and come with onions and cilantro and they throw a few radishes and limes on your plate There is a DIY bar with 3 salsa bottles (a mild green, a spicy green, chipotle red) and some pickled red onions. Cabeza had good flavor and parts were tender, BUT it was in larger pieces and unfortunately the BF got a taco with really large balls of fat/gelatinous facial parts. Normally that mixed all up makes for flavor, but in a huge bite like that made for ick factor. Lengua was surprisingly good. This was very tender and good seasoning. It was prepared in a way that it fell apart in shreds so it just depends whether you're a fan of that or more toothsome cubed bites, but I thought it was solid. The tortilla was good and a bit crispy on the edges. I think it's probably a quality cart judging from the crowd and my lengua, but maybe for cabeza this is not our spot.
5	I love Felipe's Taco's, I think it is the best taco stand in town. Located off the corner of Vegas and Decatur in the parking lot of an auto shop, you can't miss it. They also have a hot dog stand but I have never tried it. I recommend the Carne Asada or the Al Pastor. They make the tortillas from scratch and everyone is hand pressed pre order. I also love the fact that the have real Coca-cola in the bottle. Great for the nights out drinking or when super lazy and refuse to cook. They are also good for when you are on a budget. Not open on sundays.
4	Felipes # 3 Tacos restaurant is off of lake mead near torrey pines. YUM! GREAT customer service and the food is excellent. My new favorite spot
5	We stumbled across this Taco truck while waiting waiting for a bus and we decided to get a quick snack.  Oh boy were we surprised....  Fresh pressed tortillas, perfectly packed and seasoned chicken tacos with frest coriander ($2), and the cervice tostadas were fresh, crisp and oh so refreshing ($3).    By far the best Mexican food we have had in Las Vegas (and we lived in San Diego for some time so our expectations were high).I just wish the truck was a little closer to where we live, we would be there a couple of times a week!!
