5	if you want midcentury modern furniture, this is your home in las vegas. the owners are a wonderful young couple who were not even born when their merchandise was going out of vogue. they know what they have and they know they are underpricing it. they want the furniture to have homes where it is loved and appreciated for the art that it is. they are currently on the look out for a broyhill brasilia credenza for us for after we close escrow.
5	This store is a great addition to Main Street's Antique Alley. The couple who own it are in it for the love of good design, and aim to keep their prices affordable. They are knowledgeable and personable. They offer a great shopping experience. If they don't have exactly what you're looking for, they'll find it for you. A great store that I'm sure I'll spend way too much in!
5	At One Man's Trash you feel like you are walking into a high end retailer, and not [another] vintage retro store. It doesn't smell musty, look dusty, or feel old fashioned. It has a trendy vibe and (dare we say) youthful appeal. The "youthful" part obviously comes from the owners, Jennifer and Caleb, who are probably half the age of most of their merchandise. It gives them a unique eye and perspective.Rebecca's 5 Point Rating Scale (1-not-so-great and 5-fabulous):Store Size / Inventory - 5 (Great open floor and lots of wonderful furniture laid out and displayed nicely.)Merchandise Quality  - 5 (Classic, iconic furniture pieces are clearly the specialty. Also, don't forget the industrial angle. Cool antique industrial age pieces, good for your favorite hipster's loft.)Organization - 5 (Furniture is arranged attractively, enabling you to visualize in your space. Original manufacturer and prices are clearly marked.)Pricing - 5 (Good pricing! One Man's Trash specializes in high end items and certainly not junk by any standards. The owners are well aware of what they have and price fairly.)Service - 5 (Both shop owners were there when I was in. Approachable, helpful, chatty and willing to talk about their retro passion. At length. Not that there is anything wrong with that.)Total Rating is 5 (out of 5 stars)Absolutely worth a look see!Full review and photos:http://midcenturymodernremodel.com/2013/01/one-mans-trash-las-vegas-retro-vintage.html
5	Once a year, I drive to L.A. to check out mid-century furniture.  Although insane, I do this because, once upon a time, there was a dearth of good mid-century furniture options in Vegas.Not anymore!One Man's Trash is located in the Antique Alley area (Main Street).  They have a nicely curated collection of mid-century and industrial furniture.  They're also priced really well.  I'd say their prices are below market value, in some cases.After drooling and browsing, I picked up a mid-century teak floor lamp that you cannot find ANYWHERE.   I also saw a really cool brass, vintage pharmacy lamp and barn wood table.  They also have some fun, vintage accessories that would add flavor to anyone's decor. Also, I need to emphasize, their prices are awesome! I really suggest you support local businesses and make your next furniture purchase at this store.  We really need to encourage this kind of badassery in Vegas!Open Thursday through Sunday.
5	My husband and I live in the San Francisco Bay Area and when in Vegas we made a special trip to check out the store.  We live in an Eichler and are always on the lookout for places just like this.  Beautiful furniture, dishes, glasses, and knick knacks were in great condition and were priced very well.  Wish they were in our neighborhood.  We would definitely go back.The service was great and the knowledgeable owners were so impressive.
5	Great collection of Mid-Century modern furnishings at unbelievable prices on Main Street in the Arts District of Las Vegas. Friendly staff and service, who provides, where available, provenance of items.
1	Drove down on Saturday, 2/15 at 1:30pm. Yelp says the store is open but it's not. Disappointed, really wanted to see the pieces they have.
