3	When it comes to food shopping, I haven't been the same since spending time in Europe. I loved browsing the farmer's markets and little groceries and being inspired by the fresh ingredients. Selection was limited in order to ensure quality unless of course we're talking about wine and cheese, which were always in plentiful supply. Here in the U.S., I've grown increasingly interested in doing my shopping at small places with a focus on quality and an emphasis on trying new and interesting products. Fresh & Easy and Trader Joe's are two of my favorites. Fry's Marketplace is the exact opposite of that shopping experience. It's like the Walmart of grocery stores, carrying everything from patio furniture to school supplies, except that unlike Walmart, its prices aren't actually that low. Also in a lot of cases, their products are higher priced than higher-quality products you could find at F&E or Trader Joe's. They have aisle upon aisle of every type of soda, cookie, chip, pudding, and fruit snack you could every want, but if you're like me and don't eat a ton of junk food, wouldn't you rather be able to find what you want without wading through bag upon bag of the newest variety of Flamin Cheetos? The only two positives about this Fry's:1. The selection of Asian food staples like five-spice powder and miso soup base. F&E and Trader Joe's have interesting Asian appetizers and entrees but don't necessarily carry the range of staples you'd need to create a whole Asian meal from scratch. 2. They carry a huge supply of pool chemicals, which is nice when we need something but don't want to bother going to a specialty spot like Leslie's. I guess these two positives both still emphasize that Fry's is all about having a huge selection of just about everything. In most cases, that's clearly not a fit for the way we shop and eat.
4	I don't ordinarily rate chain operated businesses, but a manager at this Fry's offered five-star service at this otherwise three-star grocery store. Everything else was about as you would expect from a Fry's Marketplace store.
4	Aaron is best cashier this side of town fast and friendly
5	I agree with a lot of what Yelper Christine O. says about Fry's. They do carry a lot of items not normally found in grocery stores. But I think that's because grocery stores are far and wide in a suburb like Laveen, several minutes drive from the heart of Phoenix. I live within 5 minutes drive of two WalMart Superstores and I do not buy groceries there. I still shop at Sprouts and Ralphs for the majority of my food supplies. Here's why I loved shopping at Fry's so much I gave them 5 stars . . . 1.  I wanted to feed my family a fast lunch. The deli had cooked food & prepared salads.  I bought melons, bananas, and strawberries for a quick salad to accompany our meal.2.  For dessert I bought a couple of boxes of deli cookies. 3.  For fun I bought a box of sushi, which was made fresh that morning, in the store, by chefs whose job is dedicated to sushi making. 4.  I bought milk, yogurt, cheese, and selected drinks and juices to last a few days.5.  I bought plastic plates, cups and flatware so we didn't have to wash dishes.6.  I bought baby water for our newborn. And liners for his brand new diaper pail.7.  I bought travel size q-tips, Listerine, multivitamins, facial soap and hair spray - items I'd usually buy at the drugstore.8.  I could have bought receiving blankets, a baby seat, BBQ coals for the 4th of July, and if I'm not mistaken, fireworks.My point is . . . I didn't have to drive to Target, Walgreen's, Safeway, a fireworks stand, and a sushi bar to get all the things I needed to feed and care for my family. One stop shop . . . and in 120 degree heat, one stop is all I wanted to make.
3	This store is huge and has a big variety of stuff, but they're often out of stock of certain things. Their bakery is great. It's easy to make an order in person or over the phone.  I've ordered cupcakes for a baby shower and a birthday cake and they were both tasty and pretty and ready on time. This is a fine store, but I usually choose to go to Safeway across the street for my shopping list because of the stocking issue I mentioned.
2	Only picked this delicious beer because it was on sale. Yet when the cashier checked me out it rang up higher. I had to go snap a picture to prove it.Cashier fixed the problem.Not a bad experience, but not great. No smile, no how are you, no have a good night.I get as much interaction and satisfaction from a vending machine.
