4	Pretty good store. Deserves 4 * from me. Well, maybe more like 3.75* but whatever. Has a nice selection of somewhat a bit more "Off the beaten" path stuff. Anything from picture frames, to pictures, to furniture, rugs, cloth, food and booze. Anyone can find something they like at the store.   Their furniture is cool and often artisan crafted in some back water countries. Makes it unique and interesting. We have a trunk from them and its pretty neat.   Trinkets isles are cool and offer wide selection of useless junk to blow your hard earned money on.   I usually skip food section as its not very exciting, especially with AJs beeing next door.   Now, wine section is something i spend my time on. They have wine from all over the worls from CA to Greece. This makes it a very interesting shopping, especially if you throw in sales they may have at the moment. Wine section is possibly best part of the store."I like"Eugene
4	I really do like this store. I can always find a cute piece of jewlery there, and there is always some piece of furniture that I desperately want but sadly cannot afford.
5	Love, love, love this store! Furniture, wine, coffee, tea, snacks, sweets, dishes, wall art, jewelry, gifts, I can find it all here! Always something unique and useful. Whenever I'm not sure what to get someone I can almost always find something at Cost Plus. The bad part is I usually find a few too many things for me as well.  Good thing they have such a great rewards program. I'm always getting coupons. Ten dollars off this, 25% off furniture, great prices on wine.  Staff is great!  Very friendly and always ready to help!  Yep, I love, love, love this store!  Check it out, you might too!
4	World Market has been a huge blessing while shopping for Christmas. I forgot how much I loved this store. When shopping for a gift, you are a bound to find something for everyone at World Market. This store has so many cute and unique items that you can't find anywhere else (except for maybe online). Its the perfect place for the world traveler, home cook, wine enthusiast, and for many other hobbies. There are many other novelties that are available such as bath and body items, candles, specialty foods from around the world, candy, reading material, etc. A few of my favorite recent purchases:  Beer from around the world case (has 10 different beers each from other countries), a packing list tablet (checklist of items to pack when going on vacation), Moist towelette wipes that have pets dressed as certain celebrity's on the front (the Snoop Dog one is the best), Liquor filled chocolates, and mini hot sauces (you never know when you will need some hot sauce!). After shopping at World Market, I have so many ideas now for the holidays and for future gifts. Another great thing about shopping here is that the pricing is decent too. Nothing is overly expensive and all is within reason. Additionally, the cashiers are always super polite and friendly and the store is well organized and clean. Since Christmas is fast approaching, add World Market to your lists of places to shop if you are still questioning gifts for certain people.
4	I really like coming here because they have so many things that I am just entertained even if I don't go in to necessarily buy something.. though I usually always end up buying something because their prices are GREAT.  Their kitchen stuff has great prices (on the order of .80c and 1.50 for some little gadgets!), as that's the section where I usually start my browsing.Their food/drink section is impressive in variety and regions and is well too stocked for me to spend lots of time perusing... I'll just end up buying more chocolate or more wine than I already need.  But I've found some fun and unique treats there as me-gifts or gifts for others.Their furniture stuff can be a bit pricey, but I like that is is more 'unique' and has a 'worldy' look to it.  Also, they have TONS of little chotchkies (sp?) - so if you like looking at chotchkies, this is the spot.Almost forgot to mention - they double charged me on something and I went back the next day to tell them about it to get it fixed and they easily and quickly fixed it.. no hassle, no problems, no looking at me suspiciously.  That was appreciated.
4	Good place, especially with the Explorer discounts they send out a few times a year. I have some of their furniture too.... for the price it is high quality.
4	Good home goods store and an interesting selection of specialty foods and wine.
4	There is always something to find at World Market, My girlfriend and I especially go to find Christmas ornaments here for our bare Tree.Much of the stuff in here is all decor related and is probably our first stop if we wanted to decorate our house more. They have a nice kitchen section with a variety of tools that you don't always find at other stores.!
5	I love this place! So much unique stuff! I always find things to buy!
1	I wish I did not have to be here writing this review today. I wanted to like this place- all the great wine, the trendy decor and the wonderful furniture. Oh the furniture... First, I wanted a fog kendall sofa that was showing out of stock but that it would be in within two weeks. So at that point I thought a few weeks wasn't bad so why not just get a raincheck and wait for it. I gave my deposit and was told that it was absolutely non refundable. A couple weeks later when I hadn't heard from them I called to check up on the date and was told it was on the truck from the warehouse and should arrive any day. Another 2 weeks later still nothing so I called again to this time be told that it is not available for another 3 months. No way! Since the sofa is available online, I was given the option to jump through all of these hoops.... - Go into the store to get my deposit back -Go place the order online at a higher price plus the surcharge totaling a $260 increase in price for me -Then bring that receipt back to the store and they will do an exchange and honor the coupon that I originally used for the raincheck, This can't possibly seem like a reasonable resolution to them. I am sad to have to walk away from this sofa, but I refuse to be screwed over with no candor or concern from the company. Whoever trains this store on proper business etiquette should definitely re-visit the topic with them. For those of you looking to purchase items, just stay away from ever doing a raincheck with them.
3	lots of Asian inspired stuff. MAKES THIS LIZARD WANT TO TAKE A TRIP TO TOKOYO! and there's the booze... magnificent. Really breath taking.Reviewer LANAY (how does she live with that name?!?!) should start a blog dedicated to failed expectations.
