5	It's been a while since I last Yelped.It's not for lack of trying, it's just that .... well, none of the new places that I have tried out have really moved me enough to even bother to click a few buttons to give a mediocre rating to.  Yeah, it's been that kind of a ride for me the past few months.But, like all slumps, this one had to end and boy, what a slump breaker it was!  Creamed spinach in my teeth, BBQ sauce all over my face and my hands smelling like I had been tending a bonfire all night.  It. was.GLORIOUS.Here's the breakdown: (what we ordered tonight)Me - Beef Trio (2 Beef Ribs, Brisket and Tri-Tip)  The brisket and tri-tip were both very tender, very juicy and practically melted in my mouth.  There was even a moment when I had a slice of brisket at the end of my fork and I was trying to pick up some of the dry rub off one of my ribs with it and it practically disintegrated.  It was THAT tender, yet very lean and not fatty at all.  Creamed Spinach - You can tell that it's made fresh, not thawed out from a frozen glob.  My wife hates cooked spinach, but she LOVED the creamed spinach here.  It had a homemade/handmade quality to it along with everything else.  I don't know how to describe it other than "Down-Home Gourmet" Garlic Mashed Potatoes - Very VERY flavorful the whole way through.  You can also tell that it's hand-made, not powdered, with skins and all, just the way I like it.  BONUS!Sweet Potato Fries - With Honey and Cinnamon! it's almost a dessert! This is the only place I have found here in Las Vegas where the sweet potato fries are crispy and not soggy, definitely one of my favorites. BONUS +2Sweet Tea - One of the staples (Brisket is the other) that I HAVE TO try out at every new BBQ joint and weighs very heavily in my final tally of how a restaurant ranks because I down these suckers non-stop and Adam's did not disappoint.  It may be a little too sweet for others, but it's exactly how I like it, with a noticeable taste of brown sugar to it.  Another Bonus, these guys are just hitting me right where I live.Pulled Pork Sandwich - (According to the wife) "It wasn't greasy or fatty, it was just pure tender, juicy meat with a nice soft bun"We actually got a chance to speak with the Owner, Adam (Who also owns the Freakin' Frog on Maryland Pkwy) and he was very friendly and informative.  He introduced us to their various sauces and their incredible dry rub.  The regular sauce was a little too sweet for me, but then again, I never do regular sauces and always go for the hot stuff.  Their hot variant "The Slow Burn" is not an in-your-face kick you in the teeth super-hot insanity sauce.  Think of it more as a fine Sake`, deep subtle flavor (Very flavorful) with a slow burn that gradually builds at the back of your throat and catches you unawares, kind'a like the way good Sake` creeps up on you and then BAM all of a sudden, you're drunk.The Dry Rub though, was definitely the star of the various condiments.  According to Adam, it is salt free (I believe he also said that they try to use as little salt, if any, in all of their dishes) so you can pile it on as much as you want and not feel guilty about your sodium intake.  The flavor just made my mouth water even more  it was so subtle, yet complex.  It was the perfect complement to the Brisket and tri-tip.Look, I can just keep going on and on until my fingers get worn down to nubs, but here's the skinny.  I like me some BBQ and I definitely LOVE me some beef ribs, DRY (No sauce) Since that's the way to really tell how good a restaurant's dry rub is.  Lucille's Smokehouse taught me that and that's how I've been judging my ribs ever since, by how they compare to Lucille's and I'll be brutally honest, I like Adam's ribs better than any other BBQ place that I have tried in town, yes, even Lucille's and CJ's.  Everything we tried just tasted home-made  and not like it came off an assembly line.  These guys put a lot of love into their cooking and it shows.  Just give them one chance, you may just find yourself a new favorite BBQ place like I did.
5	This was the last place I ate at in my last trip to Vegas. When Roo and Eimi brought us here, I wasn't expecting alot. All they told me was that it was claimed "Best Ribs" of Las Vegas, but I never believe sayings like that....until now. I had the sweet tea, which was really good. One of the best sweet tea's that I've had since my last East Coast trip. It wasn't too sweet, but it didn't leave you wanting more sugar either. The sides were to die for. I suggest the spinach and cream as well as the garlic mashed potatoes. The Freaking Fries were good as well. It was one of those "can't have just one" moments that left you hurting after the plates were clean.I was warned, before ordering my entree, that their marinates are somewhat bland because of the flavor of their dry rub that they had in little containers on each table. I wasn't sure what I wanted so I had the Trio, and it was great. The meat so tender that they fell off the ribs and you really didn't need a knife. Bring your appetites, because your stomach will thank you for it.
3	Have you ever been to a bbq restaurant that ran out of chicken?!?!??!  I did last week and I'm still kinda surprised about it.  While all the food we had was above average, the portions weren't that big and the prices they charged for some of the stuff was kinda crazy.  $8 for the grilled vegetables which consisted of just some grilled squash and zucchini and balsamic portobello.  My wife got a 1/2 rack of ribs and coleslaw for $17 and I got the beef sampler since they didn't have any chicken.  NO CHICKEN!!  At a bbq restraurant!!  My plate consisted of tri tips, st louis ribs (baby back are way better) and brisket which was very good.  My wife wasn't even full.  She's 87 lbs and is usually full after a burger but these ribs just didn't do it.  Crazy.  She can be full for $1.85 but not $17?!?!We also felt like there was kind of a fast food atmosphere to the whole place.  I could've been at Aloha Kitchen for all I knew.Anyways...I'd go to Memphis any day of the week compared to this place.  Maybe I should call ahead next time to see if chicken is available b4 I go.
3	2nd stop - Adam's Ribs - owned by the guy that owns The Freakin' Frog ( not a surprise when you see the beer selections at Adam's  ) Nice looking restaurant ( better than Rib Shak ), don't care for the location ( not easy to get to from the 215  - it looks like it should be easy to pull into )Ordered the regular spareribs with one side ( coles slaw ) -  $7frilled ribs - yes; BBQ - i don't think so ( assuming you use the low/slow definition )  meat quality was decent, but i wish they would've cut up the 1/4 rack - it was messy !  dang it BK - i disagree with you on the slaw - way too much carrot and little seasoning.again, i think it's worth a 2nd visit, especially to sit down and have a few beers with some  'Q !
3	I would give this place about 2.5 stars but the sweet potato fries took it to a solid 3.  I will go back just for those.  Atmosphere and service were good.  We were the only ones in there.  I got the sliders, one of each, pork, chicken, beef.  I thought they were okay.  My companion got the pulled pork sandwich.  He immediately commented that his sandwich was not warm.  I would have liked to try some of the other menu items but the price seemed high relative to the food described.
2	The restaurant was clean and attractive and the service was excellent.  The food was average at best. The beef brisket sandwich I had was poor.  The beef was shredded and it had no smokey taste and it was dry.  To make matters worse the bun was stale.I tried the spare ribs.  There was no smoke ring to be seen.  They were, however, tender, meaty and they tasted very good.  In reading an article about the place posted on the wall, I discovered that they lightly smoke the ribs and finish them off in something like a pressure cooker.   If you go, I would definitely suggest that you stick to the ribs; no pun intended.  But if you're a hardcore BBQ lover, you'll probably find them a little less than satisfying.
1	Had a coupon from restaurant.com and decided to check this place out because who doesn't love coupons? I ordered the pulled pork sandwich and an order of ribs along with some bottles of this CREAM SODA that was like liquid heaven. I swear there was some crack in there.My brother and I devoured the sandwiches but they were kind of dry so we drenched it with their barbeque sauce (provided on the table) and it was a winner. The ribs were well flavored, but once again dry so I had to douse them in some BBQ sauce and we were set.The guy who served us was kind of rude and wasn't honest about the coupon's rules so we ended up spending $25 more which REALLY pissed me off and defeated the purpose of coming here for a bargain lunch. If this restaurant didn't want to take the coupons, then why bother putting them out?Never again.
