5	OMG!!! Where have these people been??? I needed a very large, very cumbersome inflatable bottle packed for shipping. Barry did it for a very low price.  In fact, it was less expensive than I even believed the box would cost.  I recommend Box Brothers and give them 5 stars!!!!
5	I have been using this particular Box Brothers on Sunset Rd. in Green Valley for about a year and a half. I will never use anyone else for my packing needs. I ship a lot of high end musical gear. Barry is the only person in Vegas I trust to pack my expensive electronics (most recently a Fryette Sig: X amp head - Value $2,250.00). I always tell people he packs my items for war! Barry has packed 4 amps (Soldano, Fryette/VHT, etc and 5 different guitars (Jackson USA, ESP, Fender) and everything arrived alive. With well over $10K worth of materials packed for me, Box Brothers in Green Valley has a customer for life!
5	i wish i could remember the dude's name who helped me today.  he was very cheerful, honest, and up front and when he packed my TV he put more care into the job than i would have done myself.  these guys stock boxes for everything, and their professional packing services only cost the materials plus a very modest 5 dollars for labor.  worth every cent, very satisfied, and also more informed now on the shipping business.
5	I looked everywhere for a box for my 46" LCD TV, and finally found box brothers, who had plenty in stock, and recommended how I should pack it up for my move.  Super friendly and helpful.
5	Box Brothers is AWESOME. I'm getting ready to move and needed some special sized boxes. They not only had what I had in mind in stock, but the great man working behind the counter asked what I was trying to do, listened to me and then recommended some boxes and materials that actually work better for my needs! They also had 30 lb rolls of packing paper on hand for a reasonable price, and a 6 pack of good Italian made tape that actually sticks was $10. It's the type that when you press it to the cardboard it actually holds on vs. the WalMart crap that couldn't hold a fly down at $6 for one roll. Bubble wrap, foam peanuts, if it has anything to do with boxes and shipping this place seemed to have it. When I went in today the nice man working the counter had a bit of a mess going on but he was packing up a giant mirror. When I needed something behind it he moved this 8 ft x 8 ft humongous box without fuss. When I was ready to leave he even carried my paper roll to my car. Service: Many talk a good game but this guy brought it and left me impressed. This was Service with a Smile on steroids and I loved it. 5 stars: Based on inventory, price, quality of items carried, and most definitely for REAL SERVICE. Count me as seriously impressed. (When I got home I compared their prices against what I paid in Denver for items like dish packs a year ago. They were either the same or within $0.40 of each other so pricing is legit. If you want cheap boxes look elsewhere. But if you want something with some Oomph to hold something, these boxes get it done.)
5	This place is a lifesaver,  the gentlemen inside was very helpful and helped us with a custom size box just what we needed.  They have every kind of box in there,  for guitars, dishes, big and small and custom!   Great prices, and easy to find.  I can highly recommend.
5	Boxes, boxes, boxes! Whatever size box you need, they have. And the prices are pretty great, too. This store has everything you need. From packing peanuts, to bubble wrap, to every kind of tape you can imagine. Your moving needs WILL be met here. They also have double insulated boxes for those heavy items!The staff is super friendly and knowledgeable. I called ahead and asked for a specific size box and ran by to pick some up. Easy, easy.I should also say they have a box to fit every need. I needed a television box a year or so ago, had it. If you need boxes for dishes, lamps, art, whatever, they have it. It's actually pretty astounding. I had fun shopping here. It's fascinating to see the specific boxes they have. If you have moving needs, they have what you're looking for!
