1	I wish I could give this a negative number.  It rightfully deserves to be put out of business.About two months ago, I received a flyer in the mail with a coupon at Great Clips.  Since my regular stylist was off that day and it was a long drive to my normal routine, I decided to try this place which was like 2 minutes from home.Well, when I walked in, it was packed.  I guess everyone had a freaking coupon.  Coupon worked.I was assigned a stylist.  I told her what I was looking for.  Honestly, it was one of those stylist that when you say something, it goes into one ear and out the other.  While cutting my hair, she spent time joking and horseplaying with her fellow stylist.  It makes me nervous when they have a scissor in one hair "cutting" your hair and their eyes are focus on their peer -- major problem.  End result, she did a horrific job.  Figure that this was a fluke, I went back 4 weeks later.  They assigned another stylist.  Guess what, same result.As the old saying goes, fool me once, shame on you, fool me twice, shame on me.  Shame on me for going here the second time... Never again!Here is the deal.  At Great Clips or "Crapper Clips", the stylist are totally unprofessional (too much horseplay - I think this is to "hide" their inability to actually cut hair), do not listen to their patrons, and they ultimately fail to perform an adequate job.  I have no idea how this place stays in business and how the stylist receive their certification.  DON'T GO HERE!!!
4	With three kids and all, I have been to many places, I used to always go to Fantastic Sams, Supercuts, but found Great Clips and I really like it.1.  Consistency - Been here about 6 times now and the service is always good, the proper amount of staff, and the wait is never long. Once, when it was 30 minutes, I ran errands and came back.2.  Staff - All nice, knowledgeable and friendly. They will ask a lot of questions and help you to articulate your style or your desires clearly.3.  Value - Unquestionable value.4.  Why - When I had been going to Fantastic Sams for the entire family, why switch?  Hours... Their hours are family friendly and they open late on week nights!!!!! They never have too long a line and as I stated, their friendliness.5.  What my kids say - They like it!  They like going back!  They are starting to speak to the stylists instead of me!!!Check it out!
5	I like that I can check in online and then show up.  Much faster than other places!
5	I went in, the wait was 10-15 mins.  they let you make an appt on line.  Friendly staff, great stylist suzie or sugie (asian stylist) WAS AWESOME.    I had little money and a major event and she saved the day by performing the style i wanted.  I GOT ALOT OF COMPLIMENTS.   I got what i wanted and she did a oustanding job.  Went to Fantastic Sams and the lady did a shady job.  Will come back to Sugie :) i hope i get her name right.
5	Liz cut my hair....she did an excellent job and I was very satisfied with my cut. She is off on Wed. and Thurs. so make sure you plan accordingly and request for her as I will from now on.  At the time of my visit there happened to be NO lines and the overall staff was friendly and cordial.
