3	Anyone who has ever met me will know I don't go go the hairdressers very often. But even I still need a trim now and again. "The Edge" was the first hairdressers I visited when I moved to Edinburgh because it was local and it was cheap, which basically sums up the place.This small, tidy shop is a fairly straight forward hairdressers offering usual services. It's one notable point is that it seems to only use natural and organic products. I had a few haircuts here and I was always satisfied. I was never blown away and I'm not sure I would come here if I was planning a total makeover. But for a straight forward trim this place is ideal. And very reasonably priced!A decent salon only a stones throw away from the city centre.
4	I'll try not to make any bad jokes using the name of this hair salon, but it really does have The Edge when it comes to the products they use.Call me prejudiced, but I wouldn't let anyone there touch my hair; there's always a chance my hair would be butchered by innocently ignorant hairdressers so I'll stick to Eva's! However, I was very much impressed by their range of organic hair products, as it's the first salon of its kind I've come across in Edinburgh. It's extremely clean and spacious, like any self respecting new age salon, and it smelled fantastic when I was in there!Price wise, it doesn't seem too steep, although I have no idea what the average would be in a European hair salon. I've uploaded a picture of the price list, so you can decide for yourself.
2	I hate getting my hair cut. I always make far too big a deal of it. And the problem with a place like Edinburgh is you either get expensive salons like Toni & Guy or really really cheap barbers that give you a bowl cut.So when I moved to Marchmont at the start of my third year at uni I was pleasantly surprised to find this place. A sort of mid-rage, not dirt cheap but not really expensive hairdressers. Well ladies and gents, you get what you pay for. Not the worst hair cut I've ever had but I've certainly never been back. They were all very pleasant and everything but they're just not that good at cutting hair unfortunately. Not mine anyway.
5	I've been going to The Edge for nearly 25 years now and there's a reason I keep going back.  Renato always cuts my hair the way I want it cut and everyone there is really welcoming and friendly.
