3	As it was mentioned in a previous review, this place IS basically a convenience store with sandwich makers standing by.  So pretty much take a 7/11 or a comparable "kwike mart" that is over crowded with run of the mill convenience products and stick a deli case in it with a modest display of only Boars Head products (as if Boars Head is the end-all/be-all of gourmet deli) put a menu above it with typical selections of sandwiches and salads and there you have Convenient Corner Market.  The prices are in the middle.  The quality of my sandwiches was good but not uniquely good.  If you are planning a visit, I'd suggest calling ahead to avoid waiting longer than one would expect while dodging people just trying to buy some smokes, a tall boy, and a scratcher+'s:  fresh tasting bread, family owned and operated, somewhat decent selection of beer/wine-'s:  limited selection, long wait, could be cheaper, just "ok" sandwiches
5	Best sandwiches around (Boars Head meat) and fresh baked sub rolls!  Beer selection is second only to BevMo.  Always treated like family when im there.
4	I love this market. We come in here all the time for sodas and sandwiches. I wish they had a few more items on the shelves, but love the service.
5	The best & friendliest little market that you will find in Zona... And the sandwiches are uber delish!
5	Not only do these guys have the best subs but they know everyone by name and what they usually buy. And they can usually have me rung up by the time I make it to the register. I love these guys! I
5	This is by far the best convenient store around. Marty, Al, and Sam are the best! They are so good with their customers, they make great sandwiches, and they are just all around nice people. They have really been making some great renovations to improve the store as well. Love this place and the people!
4	Friendly personable staff, good food, great place to grab whatever you need in a hurry.
4	Awesome sandwiches on the best subroll ever!  Don't miss out!   Always friendly & nice!  I was raised in Scottsdale and I unfortunately don't live in the neighborhood, however, when I'm driving out to visit family, I always stop by for a sammy and a few extra rolls to go!  Thank you!!!  Keep up the great food & service!
4	Love their ham and cheese sandwiches! We love stopping by for a quick lunch to go! YUMMY!!
5	These guys rock!! Best deli sandwiches ever. The creamy basil pasta salad is excellent. Wonderful friendly staff who gets to know you as you frequent the store. Decently priced on everything. Wish I lived closer and they made special lunch deliveries to Amber in Tempe :)
5	Convenient including basic's from condiments ,greeting cards, lottery .e.t.c... Primo deli severd with lots of luv & laughter. :)
5	Awesome deli, fresh baked bread, great beer selection, super friendly staff, glad to have these guys in the neighborhood.
5	Been coming here for years!The people who own it are great! They are friendly, happy and run a incredible operation. They always take care to greet you by name and ask how you are doing. I have never had a bad experience there and the only time something went slightly wrong it resulted in me having a new favorite sandwich. Speaking of the sandwiches they are incredible!This place is great! Props to Al, Marty and Sam for running such a great place!
5	This place is a hidden gem!  What an incredibly delicious menu they have for amazing prices!  You can get a half sandwich (which is huge), side, chips, and a drink for about $6.50.  I highly recommend the Turkey Delight and macaroni salad, they're both great.  The food and the staff are the absolute best things about this place.  This place is family owned and operated by the most amazing and friendly family.  If you go in often enough, they will recognize you.  I know there are plenty of regulars because they will greet lots of people by name.  I've been going to this place whenever I can for about 7 years, even when I lived out of town, I would always try to stop by here for lunch if I could when visiting.  The only thing I wish they had was some outdoor seating under their covered entryway during the cool times of the year.  There's a very small seating area inside, but I think most customers take out anyways (I usually do), so it's really no big deal.  I will never stop going to this place, I love the people and the food, maybe in that order!
5	This little gem is a new favorite of ours. We are new to the neighborhood and we love stopping in here for lunch or to grab something quick that we forgot to buy at the grocery store. The staff are always friendly and greet you promptly when you walk in. They even know most customers by name. The sandwiches are a great value and you never have to wait long for them to be made. Great business-- we have been and will continue to be repeat customers.
5	I've been a regular at this market for about 4 years.  They have the best sandwiches in the area, high quality and right-priced.  In my opinion, they beat, not only in taste, but value against ALL their competitors.Everyone that works there is super friendly.  Its not uncommon to see neighbors in there, and somehow they keep all of our names straight :).
5	Went here for the first time tonight. Very cool place and the guy who helped me out was very nice. Great sandwich and didn't break the bank for something healthier than fast food. Will be back since the food was good and really nice people.
5	I've been coming to this place for years and no matter how many sandwich shops pop up in the valley, I still always say that convenient corner makes the best sandwiches I have had. The boar's head meat is fantastic, the bread is delicious, everyone who works here is so incredibly friendly, and it's tucked away in a neighborhood so you don't get the annoying foot traffic or loud morons talking on their cell phones. Just an excellent sandwich. I'll be singing this place's praises for years to come.
5	This place if GREAT!  We moved her from California last year and it's the only place we will get our sandwiches! !  Always fresh and friendly service!  Yum!!
