5	I have had several private and group lessons with Kelly at Pure Bliss Pilates. She is great!  Always bringing new and different combinations so the session doesn't become too routine - and she always makes sure that I get a great workout before I go home.  She is patient, explains well, and all in all an excellent Pilates instructor!!  Definitely recommended.
5	After purchasing a Yelp deal, I'm happy to report that Kelly was fantastic to work with!A bit about my experience...I was apprehensive about taking a Pilates class.  It's certainly not the type of thing a guy like me does normally.However; Kelly made me feel at ease.  I did not feel at all out of place, and she taught me in a way that just made sense.  I was concerned that I'd be in way over my head using the reformer, but she brought me through things step by step, and gave me a great workout, while keeping me within a zone in which I could work confidently.The environment was comfortable, the coaching was great, I will definitely be returning.
5	I was looking for a workout to do during my lunch break that was close by and didn't make me look like a wet mop when I returned to work. I thought Pilates Element may be the perfect combination and I was spot on. This isn't the Pilates you do in your local gym - this is the real deal. They have the Pilates machines that really work your whole body. The machines have varying levels of resistance depending on whether you are stretching or working various muscle groups. The instructor, Kelly, was super friendly and very knowledgeable about muscle groups and Pilates in general. Not that it matters THAT much, but the decor in the studio is also awesome. I want their decorator to come to my house! Tip: If you go to Pilates Elements, it's just down the sidewalk between the 2 buildings on your left.
5	Kelly's great.  I have multiple muscle and joint issues, including neck stiffness, back spasms and joints that lock and pop.  I had no pain during this class. In fact, most of the exercises were exactly like what I did during physical therapy.The only Pilates I've ever done were in front of my TV.  But this was the real deal, and Kelly is very attentive.  She doesn't have her back to the class like you'll find in a lot of classes. She's up close and personal, making sure that your every move is fluid, your posture and breathing are right, and that the equipment was set at my skill level.It's a whole body workout in about 45 minutes.  And I'm telling you, most classes that give me a whole body workout, I'm wheezing & coughing (asthma), sweating and feeling sick with a pounding headache. This wasn't like that at all.  I got a full workout with no pain or discomfort and was able to return to work right after with no issues.I highly recommend this instructor and this class!
