1	I should have checked on here before visiting this place. If I could give them no stars I would too.I am sorry to say that this was by far the worst experience I have had dealing with anyone. I have dealt with some horrible used car salesmen before and this appliance place puts them all to shame. They have no common sense what so ever. They delivered a defective refrigerator and had the audacity to want to charge us 25% restocking fee when we requested to exchange it. I am appalled at their business practices and can not fathom how could someone let $35k worth of a sales fall through because they do not want to work with the customer and resolve some issues that in my opinion could have easily been rectified. Thanks to them we ended up going to Spencers and saved an additional $1200 because they were running a special when you buy a refrigerator, stove-top, and oven.
5	My experience with Allstate Appliance was an awesome roller coaster ride! Initially, picking out the appliances, delivery and function, was great! The transaction was very smooth! After about a week though, my refrigerator's ice machine(Blomberg) stopped working. I had several techs out, which Allstate provided, but they couldn't fix the issue. Eventually, they replaced my refrigerator with a brand new one! Yay. A week or so after the new one was installed, the ice machine stopped working, again! Yikes. Melissa, a wonderful asset to Allstate, was able to figure out that it was the manufacturer. Apparently it is their first go around with a "refrigerator". Don't get me wrong, the refrigerator is gorgeous! But I live in AZ, I NEED ICE!!! Allstate understood this and kindly replaced my Blomberg, with a top if the line LG, no charge! It was quite a lengthy process, but Melissa kept the lines of communication open and my issue was resolved! I like buying local and I would recommend this company to anyone looking for GREAT customer service and appliances!
1	Don't waste your time. Was looking for all new appliances for our new kitchen. Salesman said he would email us pricing for a few different brands. After several emails from my husband with no response from Allstate we decided to go to Spencer's where the service was fast and friendly. I did return to Allstate against my husbands better judgement, because I was told I could get a great price on one of the dishwashers in their back room. Even the guy at Spencer's said "that sounds like a good deal". Figured it would be worth it since I could just walk in, pay for it and be on my way. Paid for the dishwasher and when we returned to pick it up, it was gone. At first they had no record of the transaction, then they realized they had shipped it off to one of their warehouses! Same salesman that wouldn't return emails had said "I'm putting your name on it right now and it will be here waiting for you" This place is a total joke. Since they left their old location and moved in to the airpark they seam to think they are much better than they really are. Complete disappointment. I'll tell everyone to go to Spencer's. Have been very impressed with them.
1	Unfortunately, the experience with Allstate Appliances has been very disappointing, time consuming, frustrating and bad! I do not write bad reviews normally but in this case I need to let everybody know not to buy anything from this dealer.I bought a Subzero wine fridge in mid August and it was delivered and installed in the beginning of September with the wrong front. The front door was 84 inches instead of the ordered 80 inches. The installer, sales rep and sales manager at Allstate have all agreed that they delivered and installed the wrong door. After endless phone calls, text messages and also visits to the showroom, talking to first the sales rep Ray L and then the sales manager Mike, being promised that they would "take care of it", which they never did, I finally contacted Subzero directly.Subzero informed me that Allstate Appliances had lost the Subzero dealership contract on September 5. This being absolutely no excuse for how Allstate have treated me as a customer but might be one explanation. I would imagine that the reason they lost the dealership is many complaints similar to mine which you realize when checking reviews for them.
1	I'm joining the list of bad reviews to this place.I came here looking for the whole thing... New kitchen and I was going all out.   He assured me that this place was the place to be "no worries I'll take care of you". I had looked online so I had a pretty good idea of what I was going to spend, after telling him what I wanted he told me that he would get back to me with a price... I figured that he was going to try to give me a good price and that he needed to get approval for it.. The next day he called me and said " I have good news, I got you the contractors price but you have to pay for it up from". I was pretty exited and told him great!!!! How much? $24750.00 - at that point I thought that maybe there was a mistake on what the whole order had been.. I had priced all the items for $21000.00 online..The next day, I stopped by to see what the discrepancy was.. Well the only thing wrong was the fact that he wanted to make an extra $250 per item on top of what the listed price was... I asked him to let me see the book were I got the prices from and he reduced... Then I told him that I had looked online and he was way off. He responded with "all of the appliances sold online are defective or old models..  I must had a sign on my forehead that said idiot that day.. I simply walked  way.. I drove to a place on Tatum and bell, walked in and told the guy what I needed. He got me a quote of $20000.00 - I offered him $18000 he said yes and 3 weeks latter I was ready to remodel the kitchen...
5	I just bought a Thermador package and I have to say that was the best experience I have ever had. I have bought packages before from nearby stores and Allstate was very thorough in explaining not only the benefits and features of the their products, but also showed me side by side comparisons on other brands. They had the best price I could find BY FAR and were prompt with delivery and install.
5	After looking into different products and packages around town, we finally decided on an LG refrigerator from Allstate Appliances for our family's vacation home.  The staff was knowledgeable and courteous while explaining the differences in all the different options they have available. We were only in town for a short time and their staff was helpful in making sure we had our new refrigerator installed promptly!
