4	good food, nice atmosphere...overall a good experience
3	Place is open and nice. Seating is comfortable wherever you sit. Only problem was we sat at our table for 15 mins and I'm not sure but there was nobody to wait on us. I figure we needed to go to one of the two bars to order drinks but noticed one bar had nobody there. We finally just left without ordering anything.
5	Shockingly good and inexpensive to boot. We got a nice corner table on the patio on a Saturday night when it wasn't so crowded. There is a dance floor inside with a very small crowd about 10pm. The food was great though. The $5 nachos had some magical combinations of ingredients. We added chicken, but the oaxaca cheese was a nice twist and the colored chips were easy to dip and get alot of toppings. One of the better nachos around. Tried the $3 side of five spice fries and those were thin and crispy, but not alot of spice really. My order of three tacos for $6 was incredible. You had Corona Beef, spiced chicken and tequilla lime shrimp. Each was loaded with toppings and came with an unusual side of jicama slaw. My buddies chicken pita at $7 was huge and looked great as well. Overall, a great meal. Inside of casino was packed, but this place had room to eat and dance if you wanted. Good slection of craft beers too.
1	I really wanted to like this place. It's impressive when you walk in (compared to the dated carnival that is Casino Arizona) modern, open, good amount of seating and beautiful open air patio with sliding glass doors. That's about where the good ends. I had a party of 15. I'm not sure if our server was the ONLY server in the entire restaurant or ????? Our drinks took forever to get. So much so that half of our party ended up just go directly to the bar, rather then wait for her. The table across from us went and spoke to the manager regarding their nonexistent server.. right behind her my husband had a word with him as well. All that did was give our server a pissy attitude. AWESOME!! Perfect Birthday party. The appetizers were really good. We tried 1 chicken & 1 steak quesadilla and a couple steak skewers. Food was super tasty! Drinks were terrible -- WEAK. I thought maybe it was just mine, so I had my friend (that's a non-drinker) try my vodka tonic and she said it tasted like.. TONIC -- FROM A NON DRINKER?! The entire table said their mixed drinks were terrible. We all decided to go into the casino and find a bartender that would pour a decent drink. The topper -- We all closed our tabs and left. Later that night one of my friends mentioned that a 15% tip was already included in everyone's bill.... Wait WHAT? WE ALL TIPPED HER DOUBLE because we didn't read the receipt ((we just wanted to LEAVE)).I dislike writing bad reviews because I know how hard it is working in the food industry. Everyone has an off day and perhaps they were down a few servers, but I really don't appreciate it completely effing up my birthday. Super disappointed with the entire experience.
4	Went to watch the UFC fight at the Arizona Room last night with my family and we all enjoyed the food, the comfortable seating, the nice staff (manager checked on us two times) and the prices were Great for the taste and portion sizing.  Can't complain about yummy quesadillas and nachos for about $6 each.  Burgers were great, too (my aunt and uncle said so).  We ordered the sopapillas for dessert (just ok) and the churros with ice cream (ok also).  Great place to watch sports on a big screen and eat and great food for a great value.
2	Service at the bar suck! That's being nice about it. If you are not a regular, then you get overlooked for an obscene amount of time. As if the bartender is thinking, "If I ignore her, she will eventually go away". Wrong! I'm toughing this one out Boo-Boo! The bartenders card EVERYONE! So what if you look without a shadow-of-a-doubt like you're 75, you are getting carded. AND if by chance, your bartender takes a break and rude bartender #2 fills in, you get carded AGAIN. So freaking what if you have an open tab and an empty glass in front of you. Bring those credentials back out baby.  "It' for his own peace of mind." On a positive note, the Ceviche was out-of-pocket!!! I will put up with the rudeness of the staff just for that Ceviche! The Arizona burger, however,  was not so great. ...Reminds me of Wendy's square, flat-behind burger. The only thing that saves me from talking more about that sorry burger was those seasoned fries. They were hot and tasty! So, to recap... Service is non-existing, but take a chance!  The food is hit or miss! Lol. You're at a casino right!County dancing is taught on Wednesdays and Thursdays. Dance lessons are awesome! It's a great group of people, including the instructor! The band that plays on those nights are good too.
4	They have a good happy hour most days. Today we came in to watch some football and have a few drinks and snacks. Order the green chilies stew if you get the chance, its delicious.  Today we also ordered the guacamole and chips. Yum.
