4	Dos Escuelas is a big square of a dog park with a nice big patch of grass.  While the space is big, there is no separation between big and small dogs--they share the same space.  That's not really a problem, but some smaller dogs can get nervous around bigger dogs towering over them.  That said, I've been a few times and the people I've met in the morning and evening are nice and welcoming and they seem to have mellow dogs.  I've yet to meet an aggressive dog there.  Also, if you like taking your pooch to the park at night, the space seems very safe--it's well lit and there are lots of people around even up to 10 p.m.
5	It's not the best facility as far as my favorite dog parks. But it might be the best for the dogs to socialize. Plenty of freindly people during peak hours. Wide spaces and places to sit.  Amador is the best facility but my dogs love this place too. ...Rob Os review says it best.
5	We've been going to this park for about 1.5 years now. Always a good group, at least dog wise. We have full size dogs so I don't even think about the "small dog" complaints... Don't take your purse dog here if it can't handle real size dogs should be common sense. The grass is usually green and nice but remember this is a desert. Parks/Rec cut down one of the trees that gave it great shade, not sure if it was diseased or not. They almost always have dog bags in the dispensers and most owners keep an eye on there dog's "activities". Balls are plenty with a tennis court right next to the park!
4	When I lived closer, I used to visit this park pretty regularly.  The people are friendly, and the dogs tend to be mellow.  As the other reviews have stated, there is no separation for little and bigger dogs, so if your pup is aggressive or overly timid, this may not be the right place for you.  There are a few covered benches, and they keep the place clean and the grass nice and watered.  Also it is well lit after dark.  The park technically closes at 10:00, but they don't really lock it up, and I've been there at midnight a few times without being hassled.  It is a nice sized space to be able to sit and keep an eye on your pooch at play.  Not so small that everyone is cramped, but not so large that you loose sight or have to go chasing all over the place trying to get the dogs reigned in.All in all, a really nice park.
