1	First - We did reserve our 16' moving truck late so there were few possibilities within a sane driving range to choose from. After an hour of online searching we decided on this Budget even though it was way over-priced. Compare:Budget 16' - $109 daily / .99 per mileU-Haul 17' - $29 daily /.99 per mileWe made the reservation and showed up that morning at 7:45. To start, the budget guy showed up late. Next it took nearly an hour to get the 1 guy in front of us his truck. Next we find out the computers are down or slowed to a crawl (matched the speed of the worker). By the time we got out with our truck, btw, there are now at least 6 others behind us in line and it's nearly 9:30.The truck was not your average POS rental. This one felt as if the rear axle was gonna beat me to my destination. Add to that a tire that I'd swear had a belt about to rip out.So about $200 later we did see the goal accomplished but I will always reserve early with a U-Haul and NEVER use a 'Budget' rental again...ever...nope.
1	This location is rough. The trucks all look like they've seen better days (mirrors with lots of duct tape, tears in the paneling, etc.). There aren't many trucks here either. We reserved one over a week ago and now they may not have a truck for us. For pickups, there are much better locations.
1	My daughter rented a truck to help me complete my relocation process.  We cancelled our reservation with U-Haul (bad mistake) becasue we were supposedly getting a better deal with Budget. Quite frankly it would have been if Tonya (Customer Service Rep at this location)had stuck with the original order. We did not select insurance coverage when making the reservation online because we had already verified with our State Farm Agent (the best one EVER) that we were already covered for the contents and the truck and their beloved Loss of Use. However, a clever little game they seem to have of changing your original reservation (which was a 10' truck) to a 12' truck because suddenly they "didn't have any available 10' trucks", and oops suddenly she couldn't tell I had declined her coverage.  Keeping in mind the reservation was verified the night before pick up and this was not told to us at that time. But this is the kicker, although they gave us the same rental amount, TONYA STACKED AND PACKED INSURANCE ON IT.  By that I mean, she told my daughter  which box to check and where to sign. My daughter asked her what it was and she told my daughter "it is required to protect our truck and you have to have it". This blitz cost us $108.00, which is more than the "break" they gave us on a truck bigger than we wanted, needed or reserved.  Their supposed customer service Manager Jose, called to "get her story" then gets back on the line and tells me that my daughter had an option. Well we all have choices and mine is not only to fight this charge but to make as many people aware as possible of the shady dealings from this office as well as to check with your insurance carrier. Chances are you already pay for enough coverage that you wouldn't need additional. They like to use a scare tactic, especially to younger people it would appear, that your insurance will not cover loss of use and if something happened to take the truck out of commission they would charge your credit/debit card the daily rate for it. Well, that is quite the tactic since not many can afford that to happen. But, like I said CHECK WITH YOUR INSURANCE AGENT first, then insist denial of theirs.  I checked for us ahead of time to ensure our insurance had it covered and Budget still got us.  My daughter is still living in Charlotte and will be shouting this experience from the rooftops in hopes that companies will quit preying on people.
