5	What a fantastic restaurant!  I was in town with a business group and this was a last minute change from our originally scheduled dining destination and I'm so glad we accidentally stumbled upon this culinary oasis near Old Town Scottsdale.  Even our colleagues who work only a block away had never heard of, let alone visited, Medizona but I'm sure now they'll be back.Billing itself on the menu as "Mediterranean Inspired Southwestern Cuisine" I was not sure what to expect from the exotic sounding dishes listed.  We started out with three appetizers. The first was Blackened Shrimp with White Bean Hummus, Mango-Olive Salsa, and Charbroiled Tomatillo Sauce which was good.  Not sure I got any of the hummus but the salsa and sauce were excellent accompaniments to the large, plump (and surprisingly not overcooked) shrimp.  Next was a "Rabbit, Fig, and Pine Nut Baklava with Quail Egg and Pomegranate Sauce." The baklava was interesting and the flavors worked well togerther.  The quail egg came separately and I never saw the pomegranate sauce so the small fried egg on the side was an odd accompaniment. The last appetizer was "Eggplant Tacos with Lamb, Arugula and Kasseri Cheese" which was excellent.  The salad of baby greens was accompanied by a small piece of roasted goat cheese that was very strong but good if taken in tiny bites with the greens.  The almond-honey brittle in the salad was interesting but made the salad a bit too sweet.Our group hada choice of three entrees and all received glowing reviews.  I had the Achiote Rubbed Pan-Fried Salmon over Organic Lentil Polenta with Morel Mushroom-Baby Clam Sauce.  The polenta was a little dry but the salmon was cooked perfectly and the sauce was excellent.  Others had  Moroccan Spiced Chicken BreastBlack Bean-Saffron Couscous, Cilantro-Yogurt Sauce and harbroiled Prime Tenderloin of Beef over Potato-Leek Gratin, Butternut Squash, and Spinach.Our group was trying to rush back to the hotel and most missed the incredible desserts.  I lucked out and managed to grab some to take back.  Prickly Pear Tiramisu with Turkish Coffee-Pistachio Sauce and  Chocolate Flourless Cake with Caramelized Bananas, Peanuts and Marshmallow Foam.
5	I was last year about 2 years ago with a friend who treated me, and it's probably one of the better treats I've ever received (tangible treats, anyway. "Being Awesome" is a great intangible treat I happen to be very blessed with. Har har.). The restaurant was a ghost town when we were there, and it sounds like a recurring issue. No clue how they stay open, but the food is out of this world. I remember going out on a limb and trying a bunch of things I wouldn't typically and making exciting new culinary discoveries. That said, Medizona does the exotic VERY well and remains the only place I will touch lamb and veal.I'm treating the friend that took me the first time next week - I expect it will be as amazing as we remember.Don't worry, you'll hear about it if it isn't.
1	I don't understand the reviews of the restaurant.  Either we were on an off day or this restaurant won't last another 30 days.  The food quality, service, management attentiveness was absolutley non-existent.  Some of the dishes could have been good if they were served hot and on time.  Service was horrendously slow and several of the dishes were inedible.  The Sea Bass was extremely salty, the Moroccan Chicken was cold and the medium rare lamb chops were well done.  We complained to the servers repeatedly and to the management with no positive results.  Management appears brain dead.  They had two responses: "We're sorry to hear that" and "We're utilizing a new concept" .
5	This place was so hard to find!!!! The AAA travel book was WRONG in giving directions. Luckily the host who answered the phone was very helpful in directing us to the location of the restaurant. Just remember that the cross street is 3rd Avenue and Scottsdale.The food is A++++. First of all, the bread is delicious! I was so full just eating the 3 different versions of bread: ciabatta, cheesy jalepeno (my favorite), and olive. I had at least two slices of each bread. The white hummus and eggplant salsa went well with the bread. Our waiter was so nice to even give us more bread. Appetizer- Rabbit and Fig Baklava with balsamic reduction and deep fried parsnips ($10). OMG!! This is the appetizer from heaven!! The sweetness from the figs and the balsamic reduction was oh soo good. The parsnips was a good alternative to potato chips. I love the puff pastry that was the layers of the baklava. This entree by itself is worth 5 Yelp stars.Entrees-1) Stuffed Poblano chili with butternut squash, provolone cheese, and spinach with a side of corn risotto and tequila creme sauce ($17). Oh goodness. This dish was so delicious. I love the corn risotto and the tequila cream sauce tasted like black beans to me. This dish was comforting food.2) Moroccan chicken breast with pearl cous cous and green  beans ($20). The chicken was overcooked :( I liked the green sauce and chipotle sauce that came with the dish. I was surprised with the amount of chicken that was given!!! The pearl cous cous was pretty tasty.Service- EXCELLENT! Our waiter didn't rush us to finish our food, and answered any of our questions regarding the menu. He was so nice!!! A++ service.Music- Jazz music was in the bar even on a Sunday night. Bathroom- Very clean, and had a stainless steal electric garbage can where you press a button to open the lid. The lid must have been broken as the lid was upwards. Anyway, men and women had separate bathrooms.We were too full from the entree to have dessert. I would have tried the prickly pear tirimisu. I would love to come back here again!!!
5	psssst.... c'mere...... let me let you in on something kinda cool.  Medizona might be the best restaurant you've never heard of.  I mean, really, how is this place not huge?!   I don't have the descriptors to let you know how much I like this place.  The food here is creative, attractively presented and fantastic on the palate.  It's southwestern and mediterrenean.  Yeah, "huh?"  I know.  I had the same reaction.  It's like Chino Bandido, it doesn't make sense, it doesn't sound like it'd work, but it does.  Go try it for yourself.   Ratatouille quesadilla.  Chorizo potato cake.  Lamb with a moussaka tart with red pepper sauce. And, of course, the prickly pear tiramisu.Go. Tonight.
5	This is a tiny, independent establishment... and I loved it.I headed here for supper after a foodie friend highly recommended it. It felt more like eating in someones home rather than a restaurant. I enjoyed everything from the appetizer (stuffed mushrooms), to the main course (salmon) and dessert (tiramisu). This kind of place is what makes the valley so special. http://www.medizonarestaurant.com/
5	All that and more!  Go!  What an imaginative menu!
4	When I hit a quarter of a century in years, I decided to go the uncharacteristically classy route and celebrate with something chi chi and razzdango. Exchange the morning after whiskey dents and zombie flavored scratch 'n sniff composure for a posh dinner out on the town.Now I'm gonna share a secret with y'all. I'm no gourmand. I like a fancy pants meal as much as the next, but I'm in the cheap mo fo demographic, so I don't know dick about fine dining in the Phoenix area. I rely on you Yelpers to guide me down the path of good taste when it comes to nice shit and stuff.Cha, cha, cha.MEDIZONA.It even sounds fancy, and I'm convinced it should be said with jazz fingers and maybe some light orchestral flare.An upscale, Mediterranean-Southwestern fusion restaurant?Intriguing.Rabbit and fig baklava atop a pomegranate balsamic reduction, topped with a quail egg and surrounded by crispity parsnip curls?Wicked fricken good.It puts fig newtons everywhere to shame. Layers of airy, buttery phyllo filled with tender shredded fig and rabbit would have been much too sweet solo, but the addition of a tart reduction grabbed that figgy sweetness and tangoed round my palate! Although I'm convinced that the quail egg was just intended to be a cute little hat for the baklava. Whatevs. At least now I can claim that psh, yeah I've had quail egg before, no biggie.Wild caught halibut with chorizo potato cake, haricot verts and carrots with orange caper cream sauce?Melt in my mouth delicious.Try to sneak a nibble of chorizo potato cake from my plate and I will fork you. Hard. You might pull back something a little stumpy. That was the most delectable little nibblet on the plate. The fish was super flaky and buttery, although the sauce was forgettable. And I think it's pretentious and hoity toity to call green beans "haricot verts." Merde!Roast loin of lamb, moussaka tart, mashed taters, celery root, mint oil, and roasted red pepper sauce?Eh. The lamb was ordered medium rare and prepared to perfection. Mint oil should be mandatory garnish for all baby lambs. Make em prance around the field wearing mint garlands until they're led to slaughter, where said garland will be compressed into the requisite drizzle of mint oil. Or something like that. Everything else on the plate was served cold though. Blech.The service was impeccable, the patrons gripe worthy. Our waiter was well informed and personable, although he disappeared half way through the meal, was replaced and we never saw him again, which was kinda weird. The customers he was serving were pretty inconsiderate. There was a huge party of people with kids rip roaring around the restaurant off in the side room. The waiter apologized on their behalf, stating that it was an abnormal night and that kids didn't normally frequent the place, and at least they left soon after that. I don't go out to listen to the rip roar of impatient ankle biters. Instant plus two for the atmosphere as soon as they left.But then a large group of older patrons came in and bitched about how they couldn't read the menus because it was too dark, so they turned up the lights, bent the atmosphere over the side of a chair and fucked it hard.So I think I'm going to be a downer on the super streak Medizona's having and only give it a four. It's good but I don't think I'd ever go back. Too many other fancy schmancy restaurants waiting in the wings for an opportunity to knock my socks off. No need to return.
4	MedizonaMy girlfriend and I were out for the afternoon in Scottsdale and had stopped in to SkyBox, at the Mondirain, for a cocktail when Yelp pointed out Medizona as a good dinner option. It was just a few blocks up so we heel-toe expressed it over to our destination, enjoying the pre-nightclub streets of the Dale and a spectacular show of color from the Arizona sunset. The sky oozed romance with reds and yellows flowing overhead guiding us to what was building to be a nice romantic evening out.Medizona is located inbetween Old Town and Fashion Square Mall on the East side of Scottsdale Road. It is slightly buried in an older office area and the building itself seems to be a pastiche of what used to be multiple office suites repurposed for the culinary experience. The setting is subdued with low lighting and minimal decoration. There is a large room to the right that seems to be more for nightclub action, though we were there too early to see any such action.We were waited on by a very comforting and professional gentleman who had the air of being the owner or manager. We choose a couple of glasses of Shiraz from Annies Barn and it was suggested we go with the sampler starter which consisted of a Rabbit Fig Baklava, Lamb in and Eggplant Taco, and Grilled Shrimp with Risotto. The Lamb and the Shrimp were tasty though not quite spectacular. I have a feeling that sampling them all together diluted the experience. I would recommend going 2 times and trying them seperatly. I say 2 times because the Rabbit Fig Baklava is not worth its own trip. The sweetness of the Fig here is out of place and conjours the flavor of a Grape Tootsie Roll Pop, which is not a good flavor for a rabbit dish.For the entrees I chose the Lamb as I am always curious to see another take on a classic dish and my girlfriend went with the Salmon which we were told was going to be a featured dish in the upcoming issue of Gourmet Magazine. Both dishes were very good and I would recommend either to anyone anytime.My overall take on Medizona is that its a very nice restaurant with a different take on things - crossing Mediteranian with Southwestern dishes - and I would recommend it for both romantic and small group dinners. The themes create a unique and memoriable experience without being too overdone or cliche.
4	I took my wife there a couple of nights ago for her birthday.  It is a cool little place that is very lackluster from the outside looking in.  Heck, it is pretty lackluster on the inside as well.  Unfortunately we were the only people there.  We sat at the bar and had an appetizer and a glass of wine.  Other restaurants a chip shot away were bustling so I don't know what the deal is with this place.   Our scallop appetizer was delicious, the hummus and bread they brought out was delicious, and the wine was delicious.  The price wasn't too bad, the service was fine, but I think the ambience is killing this place.  Good luck Medizona.
1	Hugely Disappointing!!  Based on all the other reviews maybe they were have an off night?  We already decided not to give it a 2nd try.....We were seated and given menus but waited a good 10 minutes for them to come back for drink orders.  Then we waited a good 15 minutes for our dirty Kettle One martini's to come and waiting to order.  While we were waiting as patiently as we could the waiter takes the full order (drinks, apps, meal) of the couple who were seated 15 minutes after we arrived! Of course I would be understanding on the wait if the place was packed but there were only 5 tables filled in the entire place!!We finally ordered and the watier came back 3 different times to clarify what we ordered.The complimentary bread finally arrived along with our drinks, which by the way were terrible and in filthy (spotty, lipstick stained, crusty).  The bread was really great though so I started to have hope.From the App's the Scallop and Goat cheese was great- the duck and mushroom was bland.Main meal of pork chops and sea bass were boring. Oh when we got the bill they only did Well Martini's- would that have explained the poor taste or do they just not know how to make?Bottom Line Summary:Service SlowWaiter ConfusedMartini HorribleDirty Dirty GlassesFood sounds GREAT but tastes quite bland.Very Disappointing.
2	Yelp has failed me...I went here based on the reviews I found on here, only to find a restaurant that has fallen off from what it used to be. I guess this use to be a chef driven restaurant, he created a name for the place. But whatever it is now it has definitely fallen off and definitely not good. The space is nice enough, I really did not enjoy sitting at the bar and have to look at there dirty kitchen the whole time...But the place does offer a pleasant enough atmosphere. The food on the other hand was bad. I had the tasting of the appetizers in which everything was overcooked (mushy eggplant) or overcooked and Burnt (anything that had bread like potential) I kinda of wanted to leave after this but I had ordered my Salmon entree from the start... And now on to the entree which consisted of overcooked salmon, burnt spices on the top, and RAW skin underneath, did not make any since to me. it came with a brick of polenta edible only by the pool of sauce on the plate. The menu and idea of this restaurant is great, sharp contrasts and bold flavor, but the technique and care is definitely lack here, or maybe they just had a shitty cook that day, I don't know, I just know that I will never make my way back there.
5	WHERE DID YOU GO MEDIZONA!?  A wonderful mix of med & southwest cuisine- creative dishes with a good wine list & bar. Rabbit Fig baklava- cactus- lamb- Superb!! An interesting layout with brick walkway and simple decor- THIS is where I would go to satiate my foodie cravings.
