5	Great quality and super fast turnaround! Thank you, will be back soon!!!
5	I have been using their services for a while now and every time they exceeded my expectations with both the time and quality. If you looking for a place to get your clothes adjusted to ensure PERFECT fit this is the place to go.
5	After trying to get alterations done for my wedding gown at David's Bridal and being told they were booked 8 months out, I went into a panic. My wedding day was only a month away and I had no idea who to call. Luckily, after hearing some great things about Top Tailoring, I decided to put my gown & trust in her hands... And I'm so glad I did! She shortened the bottom of my dress and brought in the bust flawlessly! Also, I'm positive I paid a lot less than I would have at David's. If you need professional alterations at an affordable price, Top Tailoring is the place to go!
5	I brought in a suit that I had purchased online as well as a sport coat that needed the sleeves brought up. Friendly service, quick turnaround (5 business days), appropriate pricing, and an absolutely fantastic job on the tailoring- everything was perfect. Highly recommended.
5	Several weeks ago I found a beautiful dress that was perfect except for one small hole at the bottom of the zipper. It was the last one! I had to get it. I looked around online for tailors and was drawn to Top by the super positive reviews. I hot footed it to Gammon Rd and found my way to the small suite in a strip mall. Svetlana, the owner, is sweet and sewed it up right in front of me in about 45 seconds. It looks *perfect* and I am excited to be able to wear it soon! Great experience all-around.
5	Lana does great work. I had a dress that I bought a medium in when I really should have gotten a small. She had me try the dress on and there was really minimal explanation that she needed from me. This was great - she knows just what to do simply by looking at how the dress sits on your frame. You can tell she brings years of experience to the table and she is someone you can trust to make whatever you bring in look great on you.
5	I have a number of hand-me-down suits which fit decently but definitely needed tailoring to make fit right. Svetlana was absolutely phenomenal; she fitted me very well, turned one of my suits around quickly so that I could make a wedding with it, and even warned me against tailoring another suit because of the expensive add-up in costs that it would amount to before it would look right on me. And when I got the first suit back last week, it looked amazing! Great service, reasonable pricing, excellent quality.I found my tailor!
5	I had my wedding dress tailored at Top Tailoring and I couldn't have been happier with the final result.  Lana, the owner, did an amazing job.  I had my dress taken in slightly at the waist, shortened and a bustle added.  My dress was more complicated in that I had a ruffled skirt with multiple layers.  I went in once for my initial fitting, again to check the length and waist and one final time for the bustle.  Each time, there was only about a week waiting period.  When she was done, the dress fit absolutely perfectly.  She did an incredible job while being so much more reasonable in price compared to the alteration department in the store where I bought my dress.  I would not hesitate to recommend a bride to Top Tailoring!8/31/2014
5	I have now been to this tailor twice. She has done a great job both times. This time, she completed hemming in record speed, finishing all the items in half the time promised. I really like her and her work.
5	I stopped at 8:30 on a Monday morning needing my military service coat let out.  I had a funeral to attend later that day and she did it while I waited.  Great service!
