4	As soon as I turned 16 I walked up the road to apply at Wendy's Hamburgers where I spent six months toasting buns, smearing mayonnaise, and multitasking like mad as a drive through attendant. The worst of it was dismantling the gigantic salad bar which had about 55 tubs of salad fixings plus as much ice as three cattle troughs. The second worst of it was when my friends chose to steal all the signage and got busted by my feisty manager who then forced me to call my friends to return the loot. Through the sweat and slipping on fryer grease, my fondness for Wendy's blossomed well beyond my love of the Jr. Bacon Cheeseburger. But now my fast-food preference is leaning toward El Pollo Loco, mostly because they serve chicken and it's healthy. The chicken salad is basic and satisfactory, which I like. Real grilled chicken is delicious. The salsa is fresh and the employees at this store are generous with it. The chicken tortilla soup is probably one of the best I have ever had. At first I was afraid of El Pollo Loco because I thought it might be like Taco Bell or, worse, Carl's Jr (the brand color palettes are similar). El Pollo Loco food is good. The drive through is fast. And they take debit cards. A meal for three is $23 or less. What more can you ask for from a fast-food restaurant? Maybe a little more veggies on the salad, but that's about it.
4	not too shabby. first time here and you dont expect fresh food from a fast food restaurant. they were very nice and patient as i pondered through the restaurant to see what they were all about. i chose the #10 meal with chips and a drink and added a chicken taco al carbon on the side. it seemed really small when i got it but it was full of flavor. if i imagine going to a taco truck, the tacos are sorta the same size. it was foiled up so it seemed smaller. the burrito was awesome! esp when you drench it and pour 4 different types of salsa all over it. their salsas are actually legit (better than some authentic mexican restaurants that i've been to). they were sparse on the chips but i decided not to complain about it since it was my 1st time. food was good, chips were small in number, but i'd come back to try their grilled chicken. my friend say she go CRAzaaayYy over that chicken! El pollo loco babehhhh.
5	New product, Shredded beef !! It comes in tacos, stuffed quesadilla and beef bowl it is really good kinda pricey but to me it's worth it. My favorite is the shredded beef tacos it has a chipotle sauce (not spicy) lettuce,jack cheese and pico de gallo. Should try before its gone !
3	the food is generally pretty good but they're not very patient and i always feel rushed at the drive through. i always feel like i have to check my order to make sure i got what i paid for and half the time i'm missing something.
4	I assume most people have been to a Pollo Loco and know the deal. This place is completely typical when it comes to their food. This is a review about customer service only. Read Mamie P's review if you want to know about the food.I was at first CONFUSED and then AMAZED by the service at this location. CONFUSION: There were at least 7 people waiting for their food when I arrived. I have seen those kinds of lines (and much worse) at busy McDonalds near highways, but never at a Pollo Loco in the middle of town. No one was waiting to order, so I was able to step right up to the counter. The place was packed, so I chalked up the long line to the busy time of day. And oddly the people in line did not seem annoyed (as I would have been waiting for some simple grilled Pollo). After ordering I stood and watched the most AMAZING customer service I have ever seen at a fast food restaurant.AMAZED: I was greeted sincerely and warmly by the employee who was mopping the floor. She was so genuine in her greeting, that it took me a few seconds to register that she had spoken to me. I later observed an employee placing a red cell phone on the counter and then announcing she had discovered it while cleaning up. Minutes later, a woman was walking toward the counter looking frantically about and talking about a lost cell phone. The employee who had found the phone, told the customer where it had been located and what steps she had taken to keep if safe. The customer was extremely grateful (as anyone would be) and both were smiling as they walked toward the phone. As a group of regulars (Is there a such thing in a Pollo Loco) were leaving, they were all cracking jokes with the employees cleaning up the seating areas. The women all seemed to know each other and as the customers left smiling, the employee said something POSITIVE about them to another worker. Next, I watched the manager check each and every container to be sure that the items contained therein were correct. When my food was ready, the manager greeted me with a warm smile, opened up the box to show me my order and asked if everything looked OK. And he seemed interested in my answer. I was so busy enjoying the atmosphere in the busy place, I was not even slightly annoyed with the wait time. I think I see why this place is packed. They clearly care about the people who come and spend their hard earned money on their Pollo.Could this have been anomaly? Sure. And I don't plan to make a special trip find out. But if I am in the area looking for some crazy Pollo, I will absolutely return to this location. I have NEVER seen such fantastic service at a chain food food restaurant in this city. I am a huge fan of the Pollo Loco on Stephanie.
1	Always a bad attitude at the window and my order is always wrong. Yesterday's salad was very dirty. The extra dressing I asked for, was "one" good size container, but it was only half filled. I will not return.
5	Food is super fresh they grill everything right in front of u and don't make it til you order it :)
2	The only reason why i give a 2 star is because the girl that took my order was very friendly and so helpful. Great attitude. I think her name was christine. (I could be wrong tho) if it wasn't for her. I wouldn't give any star!   I was half way thru my salad and notice that the chicken was raw in the middle.  Completely raw in the middle! So i went to the lady in the counter that looked like a manger and showed it to her. She looked at me and said: "wow, i hope you dont get sick!" And turned around and left me there.  Very disrespectful! Unprofessional and just plain wrong!
5	I've been here enough times to know that they may occasionally make a mistake, but they're always quick to fix it. Great food, great employees.
1	Absolutely a joke. The chicken they serve seem to be half servings. Mac n cheese is always cold along with the mashed potatoes. If they happen to serve hot it's over heated n over cooked. The service is terrible. When u ask for something additional they sigh and act like you're such an inconvenience. Wish there was a better one close to my work.
1	Went to El Pollo Loco today, ordered a salad..took it home and most of the lettuce was brown and black and close to moldy. Took it back to the store and the manager Julio Martinez with no apology said this is what happens to lettuce sometimes. I asked him if this was acceptable to serve to guests and he said yes. Asked him again and he said yes.  The first thing out of his mouth should have been I'm so sorry what can I do to fix this. But instead he blamed the lettuce and that this is normal. OMG!!!! I am not going to let this one go, called his supervisor and corporate. Unreal
3	Normally I love this place,  but today not so much. Found a hair in my soup,  ewww blahhhh ,... missing condiments for the soup and sauces for the chicken !!
4	Good food, healthier options are nice.  Restaurant is always clean and great customer service!
4	One of the only fast food places I frequent this is another stellar location. The staff is always friendly and my order is always right when using the drive thru. I make it a habit of stopping here when I'm hungry and in the area.
5	El pollo loco has really good been and rice burritos called brc, the food is a little expensive but not ratting.
5	Finding good chicken that's cooked fresh and not fried is hard. That's why I love el pollo loco. I can get a chicken bowl without rice to get shreds and keep these gainz brah. I go here all the time. Order food, get food, eat food, fart in car, and go about my day. Why would someone write a yelp review for a fast food joint? That's because it was special today. An el pollo loco employee's customer service display wowed me. This young man seemed to love his job. He genuinely seemed to love it. I can see him becoming a CEO of something someday. I hope gets a scholarship or something. Usually it's busy when I go in. He helped us with a smile, tried to upsell with a smile. We sat down ate our food. It was slow and I watched him clean the dining room, cleaned the salsa station, and came by out table and asked if he can take our empty tray and take care of it for us. He did and I looked at his name tag. I was really appreciative that he did that, at a fast food place.Wow. I hope his bosses see this and tell him about this yelp review. Patrick you are the man.
4	Today I tried the bean, rice and cheese burrito . It is good , not dry and its a good size considering its like 1.69 in price. Taco al carbon was delicious and the green and tomatoes sauce were fresh.
4	I've been going to el pollo loco forever and sense I'm in Henderson now its pretty much my default spot. When I don't know what I want its like " well....... The Crazy Chicken it is then". I don't have anything bad to say about this establishment. There food always taste fresh, the service is cool but I rarely use the drive thru ( just a habit I have ) so I wouldn't know about how that experience would be. I mean its grilled chicken at a fast food pace but backyard quality, the burritos are filling and satisfying. My mandatory item I must get are there al carbon tacos, they remind me of the little taco cart tacos back in L.A. The place is clean........ and its grilled chicken soooo....... yeah.
