4	Water, pooper-scoopers, and lots of room to roam.The Shawnee Bark Park also includes a fun obstacle course.
2	I Love that this is an actual "Park" setting (see Dee's pics) instead of just your typical chain link enclosure.Kind of hilly ground with lots of trees,grass and gravel. They have a watering area, bag dispensers and even pooper scoopers.Unfortunately it seems that no-one uses the bags or scoops because there is an over abundance of Dog Shit all over this place, I mean it was bordering on disgusting , every other step I was carefully averting these squishy landmines. Why are people so Lazy and Foul??SO needless top say I didn't stay long and have come to the conclusion that my Dog just might not enjoy the dog park after all.Her mouth becomes a dripping slime machine whenever I take her, and she wanders around dazed avoiding the other dogs at all costs. All this subsides as soon as we leave so maybe she is just a spoiled priss, who doesn't like dirty strange dogs and the filth they play in?2 stars, until they get a fecal regulator on duty
3	Shawnee is close to my home so I do love it, but it is still a bit small for me and my pups.  There is a ton of shade at this park and lots of places to walk your dog outside of the park as well.  Some of the landscaping around the ege could be fixed for more room in the park but overall it's a nice park.
4	I really like this dog park because it is much bigger than other parks here in Chandler. Bigger space = less dog fights. I love the hills and the fenced in area for smaller or timid dogs. Dogs are generally well behaved and the people are friendly. I've seen people bring guitars and strum quietly on benches while the dogs run around and play. It's a great park. Leave the younger kids at home, a child running and screaming through the park is a perfect target for an over reactive dog. Bring poop bags and water for yourself and your dog. Leave the treats and toys at home, they can cause a fight between dogs.
4	This park has recently undergone a much needed facelift.  It is located in Chandler off of Alma Achool Rd.  It is very large and has lots of mature shade trees.  There is a park with the park that is comletely enclosed and features fun obstacles for dog's and their owners to enjoy.  This is also helpful for wimpy dogs like mine who do not like to leave their owners feet instead of frolic around in the bright sunshine.  I'm sorry...I meant the very big strong protective dogs who stay on the job and protect their owners at the cost of giving up frolicing around in the sunshine.  Yeah, that's what I meant.I have seen only a few fights and they were not too bad.  I have also seen just a couple of dog skirmishes.  Again nothing serious.When I went there very recently, I could not help but notice, how clean it was.  There were very few unclaimed piles of turd (dog) lying around.  I really appreciated the new bricked pathways into the inner park.  before there was mostly lots of mud and large puddles of who knows what.The people I have encountered at Shawnee have been very pleasant and acted as responsible owners (parents).I will be back and hope to meet you there, but please don't make fun of my  dogs, though.
3	When I first found this bark park, we (my dog and I) loved it.  Plenty of agility training equipment, lots and lots of room to run, and butt sniffing opportunities galore.Most of my problems have to do with the mouth breathing morons who bring their dogs here.  Most of them shouldn't be allowed near an animal, but then you find out they also have kids!Dog parks have rules for a reason - now my dog loves kids, but you don't know that.  So when you bring your toddler, all covered in snacks in and plunk them down, all I see is something straight out of Cujo.  In the past years, the upkeep of this park has declined.  Unless you love the smell of dog doo in the morning, a little more effort on the part of the puppy parents would be much appreciated. Also, I wish there was some kind of easier way to enforce the rules.  Several times I have been there while some jackass ignores his overly aggressive dog.  We've backed off going to this park, instead we go for walks or runs in my neighborhood now, but it's will still do if I need my dog to get some good exercise in fairly quick.
4	It is a fun park. Playful dogs, friendly peolpe, and pretty well kept! My sister and I took our dogs there twice so far and we love it!! There are a few fun obstacles that are fun to watch my dog do. There is some areas with quite a bit of mud, but other than that it was fun!! I would definitely recommended it!
5	Really a very nice local park with plenty of room for dogs to run. People tend to look after their dogs and I haven't come across and truly awful owners or out of control dogs. It might not be as sexy as Cosmo but it certainly gets the job done. As with all dog parks you should probably choose a time to take your dog wisely. Weekends, after 4 PM, etc tend to be very busy and the likelihood you'll run into a dog or owner you can't stand will rise.  I recommend hitting the park before lunch or on the weekdays .Oh, and did I mention this park has plenty of trees? Probably the edge that this park has over any other (including Cosmo) is that someone had the foresight to plant some trees. Having a cool shady place to hang out while your dog takes a break from chasing other dogs is a welcome addition.
4	Ahh what a nice place to let your four legged friend run free! This park is huge, spacious, lots of trees, benches (for the two legged friends) and trash cans. One of the best  bark parks in the Valley. Not too many complaints other than the jerks who refuse to pick up after the doggies. People please, they have pooper scoopers, baggies, and trash cans, it couldn't be easier. Oh, and if you have an aggressive dog, maybe take him for a walk outside instead of letting killer on the loose in the park. My Golden is notorious for being over friendly and ran up to a huuuuge bull mastiff (I shall not name names, but it rhymes with bing!) grabbed my golden by the neck and pinned him down till we removed the mastiff off. Anyway, point it... it's a dog friendly park... let's keep it that way. Oh and another reason to keep the kiddies out, I think there's even a sign posted up there. I see kids running up to dogs over petting, grabbing tails, etc... not a good idea. Read the signs parents, it's for your own benefit. So bring your dogs here, they'll have a blast playing, running, smelling this and that, good times.
3	I've never really used dog parks in the past so I wasn't quite sure exactly what to expect but I was pleasantly surprised.  The area is not particularly expansive.  It's set up with the open dog run area that entirely surrounds a smaller, fenced area that contains agility training equipment. As with any place that's open to the public you do get a variety of people that like to frequent the park.  Some are great about watching their dogs and cleaning up after them and others....not so much.  There's always dogs around that are, seemingly, unsupervised and will attempt to make sweet love to my poor puppy.  I've found that rather than make a stink, if I just grab my dog and walk to the other end of the park it's a lot more simple and less stressful than trying to find the irresponsible owner to control the dog trying to hump my innocent lil' puppy.The park is maintained pretty well.  Pooper scoopers are aplenty and there's a watering station for giving poochie a well earned drink of water.  Nice thing about Shawnee is that it has some trees and even has some grass.  It's not just a fenced dirt lot with a dog park sign on it.  Be careful not to try and go on a Tuesday as they close for maintenance all day.  Control and clean up after your dog and you'll have a great time here.Update!:I've since stopped going as the atmosphere/cleanliness has gotten worse and worse.  Lowered to 3 stars to compensate.
4	One of our favorite dog parks!  Pretty large area with lots of space to explore.  I have a small dog (20 lbs) and get a little nervous sometimes because we have encountered LOTS of big dogs here.  The owners have them under control for the most part though and if you have a very small or timid dog there is an area in the center of the park that is kinda a safe zone.  It also has an agility course which is fun to try to get your dog to run through.No kids under 12 allowed at this park which is good for me because my dog loves them but doesn't seem to realize she can't play with them like they're another dog. I don't like having to worry she's going to accidentally hurt someone's toddler. I do wish people would clean up after their dog better at this park but the park is not to blame for that.  Scoopers and baggies are available. Nobody likes to do it but it makes it so much nicer for everyone if you do your part!
4	I like Paseo Trail Park a bit more, but I really love Shawnee.  The main reason I don't go to this one as much anymore is that as it gets hotter everyone's regular times at the park get condensed into the early morning and late evening and there's this one douchey dog whose schedule started coinciding more and more with my own.  I've noticed several Shawnee converts and it all comes down to the same name: Nina.  But enough about my internet smear campaign on a dog.Shawnee plusses: Mostly great owners- people I thoroughly enjoy talking to and who do well keeping an eye on their pets.  I really like the agility area, which Paseo Trail doesn't have, and how the park is broken up into different areas so dogs can run laps around it if they want or you can find a less populated area to chill and let a less active/socialized dog get used to the atmosphere.  There are two entrances too, which is again nice if you want to let an excitable or shy dog get acclimated before being approached by other dogs.  Lots of shade and areas to sit, and the place is pretty clean.  I never notice an odor when I walk in and most people clean up after their pets.The negatives: A lot of dirt.  The grass has a hard time with constant traffic. Paseo has two areas that are alternated to let the grass recover, which is nice.  The hours aren't amazing but I consider it a fair compromise with houses nearby.  Also it's really quiet most the time outside evenings and weekends, even when the weather was cooler, which is probably nice for some but for me I'm going for my dog to play and socialize so I like how at Paseo you can pretty much always count on a good crowd.A last note on dog parks in general. I recently moved to the area and haven't had a lot of luck meeting people outside of work.  I really love the people I've met here as well as other parks and, having never lived anywhere with dog parks around, really consider it one of many assets to living in Chandler. (That and Cho-Dang and the flammable pile of tumbleweeds we call a Christmas tree.)Overall I really nice, well-run park.
4	This park is nice. I've never really brought my dogs to any other park only because this one it pretty much walking distance from my house. It offers an enclosed section in the middle with a few things for dogs to play around with. The outer section is a pretty decent size circle for dogs to run around.
5	We moved into the neighborhood about 1.5 years ago and part of the reason I loved it was because of the dog park, even though we didn't have a dog. Now we do and we love going there when it's not too hot outside! The people I've met are friendly and my dog has made a lot of dog friends there. I've never noticed it being dirty, I feel like everyone I've seen has picked up after their pets. There's also a fenced in area which is nice. The park is large, I like to run around with my dog there too!
3	This is the closest dog park to me that takes less than maybe 5 minutes to get too.(Not including the time it takes me to get my 1 year old puppy to jump in my cars hatchback)I am one owners who watches/follows their dogs around because of the fact that people are all freaked out by my dog and his rough housing with the dog that tests my dog by wanting to play with him not knowing he rough houses a little but never locks onto a dog.I LOVE the fact that this park is big enough for my puppy to run around and there is a middle portion that is gated off with obstacles for your dog.  It is always 50/50 as far as people at this park half are nice and have common sense half are ignorant as can be and make me just pissed off and want to go home because people do not understand how some dogs play. I have a pit bull mixed puppy (we think) we had gotten from the Maricopa animal control shelter in January of 09; He plays rough but not rough enough to tear a dog a part because he is just soooo aggresive like the dogs with horrid owners on  the news. NO! he just plays rough because that is how he is. If a dog tests him and runs around my dog wants to run as well and chase him because of the fact that he needs to release his energy and anxiety and i live in a condo hence the trip to the dog park. One time i had gone to the dog park and a older lady had a RED NOSE pit bull that had brownish red fur. I have a blackish red ghost brendyl pit bull who is a RED NOSE. Dogs that are blue nose have a BLUE NOSE and are usually a greyish blue or grey color.  The lady had the audacity to tell me my dogs were being very ornate when they were playing rough with her pitbull who played rough for how young her female pit bull was. At the moment i had no idea what she meant by that because i was having a brain fart til my friend made me aware when we left. i am not afraid to talk  back and put people in their place in a public place its not like i am  at work where i have to watch my mouth. This lady didn't even know her dog was a red nose and she called it a blue nose. Its just like oh my god how dumb are you lady? It really bewilders me how ignorant and dumb some people are as far as what is right in front of them and what is coming through their mouth when they say something rude with a smile on their face. If i can find a place where people are okay with big dogs and not stupidly ignorant because of what they watch on TV it will be a dream come true. Our pit bull is the nicest cuddliest dogs i have owned and would never hurt a human being nor another dog. But people just have those myths in their head that all pit bulls are these ferocious dogs with a lock jaw. I love this park for the space not so much the people. people with pit bulls beware all the ignorant owners at this park they will think your dog is kujo and want to kill their dog because it plays rough or just because its a pit bull. Any time i tell people i have a pit bull they give me the OH MY GOD EWW face and this is the place you get that here half the time.
5	Wow!!!!! I have never in my life seen such an awesome bark park  before!!!!! My dog Luna had a blast .It is tucked away in the middle of a subdivision so traffic is really low. I went at about 1pm on a Sunday and it was only me and one other person there with our dogs which was nice. There are bags and scoopers all over the place. It also looked like pet owners did a great job of picking up after their pets which is a nice change from the bark park at my apartment complex. In addition there are agility toys for the dogs and benches and shaded areas for owners and pets alike to enjoy. On the same little compound area there are playgrounds for kids and open fields to play sports on. All in all a great place to enjoy time with all the members of your family. Oh and the playgrounds are covered from the sun, which is a must in Arizona.I like this park so much that I am going to send pictures of it to the mayor of my town back in Clarksville.
4	my dog loved this park.  we would go nearly every day and there would always be a good crowd of dogs there to play with.  there is a ton of space to run around in and a huge obstacle course in a separate area if you need to keep your dogs separated.  it can get muddy when it's wet, so if it's rained recently expect to bring home a dirty dog.  but it's worth it for how much fun they have running around.only 4 stars because the hours are strange- they're wrong on various websites and the park closes at 8 p.m.  almost every other dog park i've been to closes at 10 at least.  i also heard that there are neighbors attempting to get the park closed because of the noise, so its future status may be questionable.  i hope it stays open.
5	I love this park- I recently went and brought my lovely greyhound (Hermione) with me.We had a GREYT time - lol the park is awesome they have nice shade trees and a place with water for the dogs, plus some well-placed benches. There is an area in the middle which is also fenced in for the smaller dogs. The pet owners I've met there are always polite and friendly. I've heard it is VERY popular EARLY in the morning- so haven't been when it is crowded. It is by far the nicest dog park  I've seen- but then still haven't been to all of 'em yet..
4	A nice park to take your dog!  There's a sectioned off agility area inside the fenced off dog park which also doubles as a small-dog/shy dog area if your dog needs a more structured environment.  There are various stations that hold plastic shopping bags for you to pick up after your dog (Unlike the Tempe parks where bags are supplied by the park, the park here has a "donate one, take one" policy of bringing/dropping off bags). The park itself has more of an organic layout vs. the more structured design of Tempe Sports Complex, with lots of shade trees and various benches to sit on.  In the main area, there's a water fountain with some bowls and a tub of water that I saw various larger dogs hopping into to take a soak (Very cute!) My dog had fun roaming around, and got to show off how speedy he was by racing around with a 4 month old lab mix!
3	I have a smaller dog that I go the this park with. It really stinks that you have to walk through the bigger dog section to get to the smaller section, but the smaller dog/ agility section of the park is nice with a picnic table shaded by a large tree. I have a few major complaints though. -People do not pick up their dogs poop. I know alot of people think that this is an issue in all dog parks but it isnt. Watch your damn dog! you should be watching your dog anyway to make sure he/she isnt causing trouble or getting into trouble. And if i let you know that your dog did poop, dont get all pissed at me for bringing it to your attention! Im just trying to do my part to keep the park clean. -People dont realize that when they bring food into the park that it is going to attract the other dog at the park toward you.... So when you bring a bag of chips in and all the dogs are at your feet or jumping on you, dont act surprised or mad. yes we should be training our dogs to be better behaved, but lets face it... most dogs will do anything to get a snack. Also the food that you bring in could cause aggression among the dogs. you dont know what dogs are food possessive or not. -Owners should know their dogs behaviors, and what types of behaviors other dogs do to trigger their dog to act aggressively. Yes I know my dog is my baby, but I also know he doesnt do well around hyper puppies and I own up to that. No bodies dog is perfect. I do my best to let owners of puppies know this and I watch my dog VERY carefully when a puppy is near him. I praise him for any calm behavior around a puppy, but I also know how he acts right before he is pushed over his limit, and I stop him before it gets to a bad situation.-Lastly, its a dog park. NOT A PLAYGROUND. There is a sign saying no kids under 12 are allowed. i think thats a little excessive, but I do think that if a bunch of kids are playing tag, and a dog wants to run and chase them, and the kid gets scared (or worse, bit), that its their own damn fault for running around, and its their parents fault for not following the rules.All in all its a good dog park. It would be better if everyone did their part and followed the rules a little more closely.
2	I didn't get to go to this park I got there at 9pm and it was closed the park and lighting here was poor. I ended up going to West Chandler Park with my dog which was still open.
4	Yes it's a bit weird that you have to go through the bigger dog area to get to the smaller dog area but overall it's clean and got a good amount of shade.
4	While waiting for somerhing we end up walking arouns here. Its a nice plave to just walk and be peaceful.
3	I've been here a couple of times now with our 4.5 month old puppy, (The) Dude. He's a border collie/pitbull mix. Soon after he got his final vaccinations we were eager to hit up a dog park. Shawnee was pretty nice and The Dude interacted with many nice dogs and dog owners. I was pleasantly surprised to see that it was fairly large and quite busy. It had lots of shaded areas to hang out and keep an eye on your pup. I only give 3 stars due to some dog owners that were not quite so attentive. Our puppy had been playing with a dog for a good while and we wanted to leave. Every time we would get his attention for a second and he would start walking toward us, the other dog would come back and start wrestling with The Dude again. We could not find the other dog's owner so that we could easily separate the two. It was just a bit annoying. The dogs were playing fine, but it took us a good ten minutes to get our pup's attention long enough to leave the park. I also noticed a couple of places where some dogs did their business, but no one was there to pick it up. This bark park was as I expected it to be: not bad, but nothing extraordinary. We will be trying out others to find one we enjoy the most.
2	Too many dogs at peak hours and too many poor dog owners who don't watch their dogs. I've seen several fights break out - and one poor dog was attacked by 4 others and the owner had to carry him out - I'm sure he was really hurt.Dogs are extremely aggressive and have a high pack mentality here.  Maybe because they all know each other - but I refuse to bring my dogs here except to run straight thru to the small agility section. Avoid peak times (sadly which is when dogs want to go the most before/after work). Watch your dog - lots of aggressive dogs here. People don't pick up their poopie and are too busy on their phones to even watch their dogs.I've only seen a very few number of people who interact with their dogs. I bring mine there to play with them, not sit on my fat ass texting and not paying attention.2 Stars is about right. I almost gave it 1 star but if I can catch it at a good time I like bringing my dogs here to run. Do NOT like how they get ganged up on when they enter the park though so I tend to walk them to the back entrance then run fast past all the other dogs into the agility area.
5	I took my small doxy terrier here and we went in the middle of the day so it had been just us. It's quite big. The outer part of the dog park is for big dogs and I'm sure if your small dogs aren't afraid of the big dogs. But there is a smaller fenced in space inside the big one for small dogs or timid dogs. There are tennis balls left around, a water station, bowls for water scattered throughout. Trees for shade and picnic tables to sit at. I also noticed there is a meet up group for small dogs there, I believe it's every weekday 5pm-7pm and also on the weekends, in the mornings. Dogs up to 30 lbs can go. Overall this is a wonderful dog park.
3	The dog park was okay... In the small dog park where the table are at, there was still water so I got ate up by bugs on each leg both more than 10 bites!!! That's sucks!!
4	ONLY NEGATIVE IS 8PM CLOSURE. During summer this is pretty restrictive.Lots of grass, more so than Cosmo. Lots of regulars, which is good for making friends. Not too many ankle-biters, and their owners seem to be understanding for the most part of their dog's limitations. Lots of poo stations and tools for pickup. Great supply of water tubs and bowls. Tons of shade. Good agility area. Two points of egress which can be nice for avoiding awkward dog scenarios.ATTN OWNERS: Do not pick up your dog up to keep it away from an excited dog. Picking up the dog will heighten the excitement and make the situation worse. Even if you have great legs, dont wear shorts to a dog park then complain about a puppy jumping on you AFTER you pick up his playmate. Dogs will be dogs, and while people like myself do our best to train them to avoid annoying behaviors, you cannot expect a puppy not to jump on you.  My puppy running around like a obliviously happy silly mess trying to play with everyone isnt the problem, your poorly socialized pooch snapping at him is. If anyone guessed who I am by this review, and want to rebut, just observe my adult dog as an example of a well-trained animal. Please be realistic of your dogs temperament and behaviors. There is a difference between a playful growl and an aggressive snarl. Dont tell me your furbaby is just playing when mine is at full submission pinned on the ground crying and yours is snarling and snapping like a maniac, tail down hackles up.Pretty good group of people here, some randoms and some regular. Im not actually a jerk and I absolutely love dogs so say hi next time you're there. Im the guy late 20s baseball hat with a gray blue-nose pit pup and a gorgeous mature 60lb black lab mix. Sometimes i bring my 6yr old kid.
4	Could definitely use a fixed "small dog" area. Unfortunate that it's closed on Tuesdays, but my dogs love it here.
