5	The Badger games, jump around, the fifth quarter . . . Madison would not be what it is without Camp Randall Stadium and everything that goes down inside it. I am honored to be the first to review!
5	The atmosphere is positively electric at Camp Randall Stadium. Preconceived notions and a bias toward DKR in Austin had me thinking this review wouldn't go higher than 4 stars. But it's undeniable, Camp Randall is a 5 star stadium.After tailgating with some Badger fans, we headed into the stadium, where we had fantastic seats to watch the game. Oh, it was most exhilarating. The Badgers of Wisconsin took on the Buckeyes of Ohio State, and in the end the Badgers triumphed by kicking an oblong ball made of pigskin through a giant H. It was a most ripping victory. Actually, they did a lot more than that, unseating the #1 Buckeyes by a score of 31-18. The stadium holds about 80k, but they really pack 'em in there, so the crowd was wild the entire game. Many people are familiar with the "Jump Around" tradition after the 3rd quarter, but in truth, they play a lot of classic songs throughout the game, and the students know the words to every one. They really love their school, which is a thing to behold. The "5th quarter" is also famous, but in this case, it consisted primarily of rushing the field after the game.As I mentioned, the seats are packed, so it's tough to keep going and coming from the concourse. So when half of our crew brought back Bratwurst dogs for the other half, it was just icing on the cake. Much better than the hot dogs you'll get at other stadiums. In the end, Camp Randall Stadium sits high on the list of best venues to catch a college football game.
4	This atmosphere at games is possibly the best in the country.  The tailgating and preparty surrounding the stadium is incredible.  But if we're really reviewing the stadium here then I can't give it 5 stars.  As a Badger alum and someone who has been to numerous games at the Camp, there still leaves some stuff to be desired.  First off there are only bleachers (bench seats).  If the season ticket holder didn't order seatbacks, you're in for an uncomfortable 3:30 game.  Also you're only assigned about 18 inches across on a bench.  Watch out if the people around you are larger sized humans.  This coming from someone who is 6'3" 220.  No beer sales since about 1990 is also a major downer.  The concessions are also pathetic.  Straight out of 1950.  Your best bet is a slice of pizza.  I'm not kidding.  Other than that I'd say only a licorice rope is safe.  The upper deck (sections with double letters, AA-LL) are pretty high but still provide a nice sightline.  Watch out if you're in a high row 60+ and under the overhang.  Although you're the only people covered from the elements, you're also the only ones whose view is somewhat obstructed.  If you've never been here for a Big Ten game then you haven't experienced what college football is all about.  Go Badgers!
5	I'm a Badger alum, I bleed red and white, and Camp Randall is by far the best college football stadium in the country bar none!  The atmosphere on gameday is something you must experience!
5	Camp Randall Stadium is by far the most intriguing, electric and insane place located in Madison. I would argue it is the craziest stadium in the world! The college student section containts the most supportive fans I have ever seen at any sporting event. Ever. The football team is amazing and undefeated so far this season, so it is always entertaining to go watch them cream another team (Nebraska, eh?). There are hundreds of tailgating parties lining the streets, a sea of red, and lots of school spirit everywhere you turn. I can't explain the feeling you get when you walk into the stadium. Badger fans are loud and proud. Jump Around, after the third quarter, is an absolute blast!! Go buy your tickets for the game and enjoy every second of the craziness.
5	Go Badgers!What a cool stadium. It has so much rich history and the recent improvements make this a great place to see a game. it is also on campus so you are a short walk from great restaraunts and the lakefront. Of course, winter in Madison can be so miserable but huddled up with 80,000 screaming Badgers keeps you warm. And nobody tailgates like they do in America's Dairyland!
5	Badgers! Love the noise, love the team, love the school. Hate $4 hot chocolates when it's freezing. Hate no beer. Badgers victories are the trump card for tight seats.  There's a lot to be said about the sheer red and white love going on around the stadium.
5	I am a non-Wisconsin graduate and converted Badger fan.  My alma mater, St. John's University in Minnesota has a storied tradition as a great football school under the coaching of the legendary John Gagliardi.  For a Division III school, we had a great thing going... Sports Illustrated even said it was among the top 5 places to watch college football in the country.  Yet it doesn't compare to Camp Randall on gameday.It's crazy to think that I have now been to five Wisconsin home games despite not going to a UW school, but in truth there is no other place that I would rather go to watch football than here.  It's an excellent stadium with passionate fans.  Night games are extra excellent, so try to take one in if you can.
5	In my opinion it doesn't get any better than Camp Randall on a brisk Saturday watching the Badgers play.  This place has it's own culture to it with all the fans packed in with the sea of red.  It is so fun to see the student section, always rated as the best or most vulgar, do all their cheers.  It adds excitement and keeps you entertained during the game with the 1st and 10 Wisconsin chants and much more.  Once you go to a Badger's game here you will know what I am talking about.  Great place for watching football.
4	There is a lot of mystique to a game at Camp Randall. I'll never forget watching the Badgers upset a #1 ranked Ohio State team that hadn't lost for over a year as the rain poured down on top of us. But there is a new era at Camp Randall where they chant Jump Around. The awesome waves around the stadium were good enough. I really hope that no one thinks the Jump Around intimidates anyone. Camp Randall gets a 4-star from me for the memories. Camp Randall + the Jump Around is probably a 2 or 3 star, because I can't take it seriously.
4	AS college stadiums, tailgates and a great football experience go, this is pretty solid.  Even though I am not a badger at heart, it is hard not to get drawn in and excited about the Camp Randall experience.  Thumbs up!
5	I had the opportunity to visit this stadium for a badgers homecoming game. The atmosphere was electric and there were over 80,500 people in attendance. Still, the staff was organized and really nice. They don't sell any beer there, which probably helps to keep order during the game. I thought that was smart, and I commend that decision.Super fun experience, condiments are not SUPER expensive (but then I'm from San Francisco, so maybe I'm spoiled). The staff (at least during the UW game I went to) was SUPER nice and VERY friendly. Bathrooms are fairly clean (3.5 stars). Again, I live in SF so maybe I don't know what a really clean bathroom looks like. GO BADGERS!!
4	Being a long time Duck fan and season ticket holder, I am a very picky judge of a quality football program and stadium. While living in Minneapolis, I went with a couple UW alums to watch a mediocre matchup against UNLV.  I had no expectations and quite frankly was down for the road trip as an excuse to drink beer and watch football. What I learned is that Badger fans really get it.  Your pre-game bar bouncing is a really fun tailgating experience and your fans really make the game fun with traditional chants.  This would be a 5* rating, but you're not quite to the level of Autzen Stadium, your fans aren't as passionate as the Oregon fans and you tend to ignore the game and get caught up in the high school cheers.  Great experience and would go back in a heartbeat though.
5	I am going to say right of the bat that I am bit a biased here as a Badger fan that Camp Randall is the best stadium in college football. However, I am sure any fan of a college team will think their stadium is the best. This was my first time to see a Badger Football Game and it was the first game of the season, which means that the Badgers would blow out their opponent because it is mostly a warm up game until the Big 10 games start. My wife and I were given tickets from her company and the seats were right on the 50 yard line and amazing seats to watch a game. In all honesty I felt that I was watching the game on TV as not at any point was my view hindered. The only view I didn't have was that of the huge jumbo tron because the seats were were in were under the upper deck. However the stadium has two small video screens that are not blocked at the other end of the stadium.One of the great traditions in college football is when during the break between the 3rd and 4th quarters the students (and those in the rest of the stadium who are bold) participate in the tradition of jumping up and down to the song "Jump Around." When this happens you can actually feel the stadium moving (which is crazy to think about when it is a concrete structure). Even the Badger players (those not in the game) get jumping on the field. It is an amazing thing to say you were apart of and really can get the crowd going.I would encourage anyone, a Badger fan or not, to experience Camp Randall Stadium and be a part of a historic team and a historic stadium.
5	Camp Randall is a majestic landmark of college sports.  I am fortunate to live in the city that hosts this stadium.  Even better the Badgers have been one of college's best football teams in recent years.I went yesterday with my son.  We were able to score great tickets from StubHub for about $50 each because they were playing a college team that most people haven't heard of (Tennessee Tech Golden Eagles).  As expected, the Badgers rolled.  Enough about the Badgers, though -- this is all about Camp Randall.The stadium is massive.  It holds more than 80,000 people.  It is the 41st largest stadium in the world (according to WIKI) and holds just a few hundred less than Lambeau Field.  You walk in Camp Randall - it's awe-inspiring.Most of the seats are uncomfortable aluminum benches.  However, if you score good tickets, you can get padded seats with back support (which we were fortunate enough to have).  Before the game, you get to check out the offenses practicing sets and then the Badger Band get the crowd riled up (they're great and highly regarded, BTW).  The crowd is all decked out in cardinal and white (mostly cardinal) and really into the game.  Even without booze at the stadium (there's plenty of booze to be had outside the stadium), this is one of the most lively crowds you'll experience -- from waves, cheering, vocalizations and (of course) the "Jump Around" tradition in the 4th Quarter.  It's so much fun!  They do not need big giveaways or t-shirt guns to get us Sconnies amped.The concessions are a little bare-boned, but you can get water and soda between $4-$5 (not bad in today's market) and brats, hot dogs and subs for around that same price point. If you live in Wisconsin or are in Wisconsin during the football season, there is no other place to go for such and experience and not have to mortgage your home for.  If you live in Madison and don't visit, even if you do not care for football, you're totally missing out.Tip: For the real experience of Badgers football, pig out at Mickies Dairy Bar (across the street) pregame - disregard health and eat their pancakes, scrambler or corned beef hash to satisfy any food needs before observing/participating in Badgers football.  Note: Protective parents beware.  This is a college stadium.  The students section has traditions of loud cursing chants -- bring your "earmuffs".
4	First time at a football game! WOO!The team spirit is seriously staggering. It was all red! The stadium was seriously a sea of red. There wasn't an empty seat in the house! It was relatively easy to get to your seat and some of them (not mine, dammit) even had nice cushions and backrests. The fans all stayed until the end of the game (except the students, who came late and left early - yeah booze!) and the marching band was awesome. It was so much fun to see all the traditions; the songs, the waves, the chants, the jumping. I was disappointed with the food/beverage offering - no booze really sucks for us NOT In the student section who are of age and would like an alcoholic warmer. It was freezing, but everyone was super friendly and outgoing.
5	One of the finest stadiums built in our country. Seating for what you need, clearly marked exits, rows, and isles; Some concessions if you need 'em, and excellent box seats. Camp Randall is AWESOME. 'nuff said.
5	No better game day experience! Even better as a student!
5	I've known all the words to "On Wisconsin" from the age of 4 and I cry when "Varsity" is sung. I love you Wisconsin! You are family, you are life.On Wisconsin!
5	I really was impressed with the Badger experience. The outside of the stadium is like one big walk around tailgate that has food vendors and a lot of restaurants joining the fun too. I had some of the best street food here as well tried a restaurant or two. This is a stadium where you can walk around and have a lot of fun. Very good location for the stadium.Stadium is really nice, another stadium where there didn't seem to have a bad seat. Has on jumbo tron and a smaller one.I took a shuttle for from our hotel that was only a few bucks, any fan could do this. Looked liked parking wasn't too bad.The Fan base is very respectful, lot of nice people outside and inside the stadium.The tradition of the 4th quarter "jump around" is really fun and energetic as you see on TV. There is a lot of energy inside once the whistle blows. I really enjoyed this place.I really liked this stadium and city of Madison. The city is top notch and have nothing but respect for UW and Madison.
5	September 27Dear Bucky,I'm sure you've heard by now that Bernie and I are on pretty rocky terms lately.   It seems to happen every year.  He has the same story every spring;  this year will be different, this will be our year.   And this year was different, for over 150 days.  He was everything I wanted and needed him to be, the best in years.But then something went awry, and it all fell apart.  He let me down AGAIN.  And it hurts.  I mean he's been my guy since forever but a girl can only take some much!So, I'm coming to see you today.  You've always been there for me.  Every time Bernie lets me down.  Your big smile with your pushups and your Jump Around makes me forget everything else. Your team and your band and just being in your house is the best medicine I could ask for.  So we'll be there shortly and can't wait to party with you today!!!Love Always,CarriexxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxSeptember 28Dear Bucky,Well you did it!  You made me forget all about Bernie and how much he's let me down.Your 11am start inspired an awesome tailgate of breakfast burritos and bloodies and that was just the start!You ensured perfect fall football weather, a full stadium of enthusiastic fans.  Parking was a breeze, arrive at least three hours before game time and plenty of open spots within 3 blocks charge less than $20.  Love the new food options (all things Wisco like cheddar curds ($6), brats($5) and pretzels with beer mustard ($5) but we really need to talk about this alcohol thing, I really think you are old enough to host a responsible party.And your team put on quite the show.  Big yardage by Gordon and nice tackling by Caputo made for an exciting game on both sides of the ball.  It that McCoy kid steps up his game and the O-line plays like a classic Badger unit you could be smelling roses.Your band was on point (Build Me Up Buttercup is a sure crowd pleaser) and you were everywhere spreading your cheer (that's a lot of pushups).  You really know how to throw a party for a full five quarters.And most importantly I was having so much fun I was able to ignore all the text messages from Bernie and how badly he was being beat up by the Cubs.I will certainly tell all the people they should come see you anytime, but especially if they need to forget and just have some fun!Thanks for all the love,Carrie
