2	Well, finally tried the place with the Green door and High Step!  Always seem to be people going in and out.  Heard from one of my kids it was just OK, cause he had take out once with some buddies.  Well, we ventured in and ordered a few things so we could share.  General Ts0's chicken was  to be crisp and Ouch spicy...Well, the outer crust was crisp, chicken was hard..hard to chew, tasteless and somewhat sweet sauce???  The Shrimp Lo Mein was Ok but the shrimp was overcooked.  The Moo Shu Pork was forgettable.
3	Green Garden is not, by any means, the pinnacle of Chinese food. It is, however, a suitable meal for reasonable prices.The staff is very friendly and casual. After so many years of eating there, they know my family and it is nice to remembered after having spent so much money there.Our regular dishes of fried dumplings, chicken and broccoli, etc. are all well done standards of Chinese takeout. It may not be spectacular but it gets the job done.When push comes to shove, Green Garden is an acceptable restaurant with great service. I will always be a regular (save something horrendous happens with one of our meals, but is hasn't happened yet).
2	Yeah, don't order from here, unless it's for dumplings. since they arev fast and the potstickers are really good. Everything else we had sucked. Shrimp and Scallop with garlic was bland as hell. The Beef on a Stick was liked eating a marinated shoe with a skewer in it. Yuk.
4	Not the best I've had....but better than most in the area for the price. Dumplings were huge! Rice is good and breading on chicken was crispy!...something that seems to elude most cheap/fast Chinese places in Greentree/Scott/Mt Lebanon. Good egg rolls. Hard to beat for the price.I'll be back to order the massive dumplings again and again.On second thought, the best I've had in the month living in Pittsburgh.  Will try others, but to date stands above the rest
3	Ordered General Tso's shrimp, Kung Pao chicken, soup and egg rolls. Price was slightly higher and portions maybe slightly smaller than similar stores, but food quality was certainly in line with food of this type.    The only notable ding I would give is the spicing. Both of our dishes are supposed to have a bit of spice flavor, and they are noted on the menu as spicy dishes, but there was a notable absence of spice.  There weren't even chilis in the Kung Pao sauce.  It's like someone forgot to spice the dishses.
3	I was in the mood for some Chinese and really wanted to try Red Tea House because I've heard really great things about it but they have strange delivery times and I was unable to pick the food up myself... so I opted for Green Garden instead.I sampled vegetable egg foo young, hot & sour soup and bean curd with mixed vegetable. I received three generous eggy vegetable pancakes which had potential but unfortunately, they were left in the frier a little too long and soaked in a lot of excess grease. I think the accompanying sauce is actually beef gravy and bland (The great thing about eating at home is the opportunity to improvise...I whipped up a quick peanut sauce that went great with the egg foo young)The hot and sour soup was decent, they use fresh mushrooms and the broth is a nice consistency (i.e. not too thick). The bean curd and veggies were nothing fancy, the veggies held some crunch and the curd had a palatable texture but was drowning in brown sauce. The food was piping hot and delivered fast.
