5	I'll try to do this tackfully...if you ever have a day when your' plumbing is not flowing, don't hesitate to try a Green Tea Frappacino, my 8 year old can't make it through half of one without saying "ok mom!, let's go!!!!":/
4	I am a coffee drinker and regularly patronize starbucks. I have been to all the Henderson Starbucks, and rate this one the highest on outdoor seating. Sitting outside in this Starbucks is similar to sitting in a nice backyard.
5	This is our closest Starbucks and I visit frequently. Service has always come with a hello and a smile. I've never waited an extraordinary amount of time for any drink/food. Yes there are lines but it's Starbucks... c'mon it's popular. Drinks have always been correct and we're happy with this store! Seating inside is small-ish but it's not a huge Starbucks store anyways. There is outdoor seating in a patio style with a fountain and low volume music.
5	We travel frequently and visit Starbucks in various locations around the country. This Starbucks had THE BEST service I've ever experienced at one of their stores. Fast, super courteous and made me feel like a regular. Sweet staff!
5	Mmmmm coffee and I got a reusable SB cup for just a $1.00!! Save the trees lolI still do not know if it's a good or bad thing when you walk into a Starbucks and no matter what the location... They know you by name and can guess your order.I guess I'm that girl... I'm ok with it though. As long as I'm happily caffienated. Try the new Cafe Cielo!
4	Awesome customer service! Clean and great atmosphere!
2	I'm from out of town, but visit regularly since my dad lives here. I've gone to this Starbucks 3 times. The first time they forgot to give me 1 of the 3 muffins I ordered and paid for. This was breakfast for my dad, his wife and myself. Nothing like starting the day having to drive back to Starbucks after arriving home hungry to eat. My most recent visit to this Starbucks was 2 hours ago. I told the woman at the register I wanted a quad venti iced Carmel macchiato. I never did see her write 4 shots on the cup. I asked her, "you did get quad venti, right?" She said, " yes." Jason behind the bar handed me my drink after having waited like 8 minutes. It was not busy by Starbucks standards. Well, it did not say 4 shots on the cup, so it was not a quad. I told Jason, "I ordered a quad, and asked her if she wrote it on my cup and she said she did." He just put his hand out with a scowl on his face and pumped another shot into my drink. He handed it back to me with a scowl, no sorry, nothing. Well, pouring a hot shot on ice naturally melted almost all of the ice. I took a sip and asked him to top it off with ice. He gave me a, "really" scowl and reached for my cup. What a total ass. How about a, "no problem, sorry for the mistake." Or, "sure." Left there feeling pissed off. Decided never again will I tip $1 for a $6 drink. Thanks Jason, you just saved me like $400 a year.
4	It's Starbucks! How can you go wrong?  I love their variety of drinks and treats! The service at this location was great! They kept the line moving quickly and did it with a smile on their faces! They did a fabulous job and I'm lucky that this location is just around the corner from me! Thanks Starbucks for the morning pick me up!
5	Awesome staff, they are always bright eyed and bushey tailed when I go in around six am for my fix! All employees are super nice and patient. Thanks for getting me through the day!
5	I love this place. Starbucks has always been a favorite of mine and this location is amazing. I absolutely love the backyard/ courtyard area with the chairs and tables. 5/5
5	Great location . Beautiful patio . You can enjoy beautiful music from  restaurant across the way. James has great customer service skills.
