5	Wow this is place is great! There is a place like this back in orange county that I love, but this place is even better. Custom pizzas are approx 9" and for $8.95 and you can choose unlimited toppings!!! They have an excellent selection of high quality fresh toppings. Some of my favorites FRESH mozzarella, roasted garlic, bacon, sliced meatballs, chorizo, caramelized onions, and fresh basil to name just a few!!! That's only about 1/3 of their vast selection. You start by choosing your dough original, wheat, or gluten free. FYI, they use double zero flour which is pretty much the best flour that $ can buy for thin crust pizzas. After you choose your dough it is hand stretched and shaped in front of you on a marble slab. You then choose from 4 different sauces (spicy diavolo is really good IMO). Then choose your cheese(s) from fresh mozz, asiago, gorgonzola, and parmesan. Now on to the bounty of toppings! The pizzas cook very fast in the 700 degree oven. You'll be biting into your custom built creation within a couple of minutes after paying. I really LOVE the high quality ingredients, large selection of toppings, but above all the CRUST!!! Their crust is a thin Neapolitan that is slightly charred and crispy on the bottom and chewy in the middle. Awesome! A bit more bite than a NY style crust, but still thin enough to really let the toppings do their thing. Anyone who's eaten at settebello or due forni (unless you chose the roman crust at d.forni) has had this kind of crust. I think their pizza is better than due forni by leaps and bounds (other than the originality of pizza toppings and flavors). Settebello is great in its own right, but I would give custom built just a slight edge. I think the crust is slightly better and a better selection of toppings.
4	As a Fathers Day treat, the gf and I made the food rounds post-church, Pre-US Open watching.After a pleasant surprise of a Sno Ono treat at  church, we decided to try Custom Built after seeing it highlighted on Yelp.  It's located within the "maze" of shops at Flamingo and Grand Canyon - i gotta admit, i don't care for the location especially since i hit the nearby LVAC 2-3 times the week and thus a temptation post-gym.The basic concept is like Subway/Quizno's - they press out the dough and then you choose one of 4 sauces ( red/spicy red, pesto , alfredo ) then one or all 5 cheeses;  then about 20 toppings to choose from, again, have as any as you want - they pop it into the wood(?) oven - a couple minutes and presto !  MY PIZZAwe went with red sauce, mozzarella, asiago, sausage, meatball and pepperoni2nd - pesto, Gorgonzola, Parmesan and sausage ( i wish they had shrimp for this one ) GF also had a custom saladWe were pleasantly surprised - decent stuff !  We both preferred the crust edges compared to the crust in the middle portion ( we like the blistering on the edges ) the sauce, especially the pesto, very good !  The combo of pesto and Gorgonzola was a hit.$9 for each pizza but we did get 1/2 off my pizza for fathers day ...cool !A little petty - they should cut the pizza into 1/8's not 1/4's but i'm sure they will do that for us next visit.We will return next stop ...manon....
4	We are happy with this new pizza spot!  We stopped here on the way back from hiking Cathedral Rock at Mt. Charleston.  Eric R. was hungry for pizza and I had noticed this on yelp yesterday.  We hardly get to the west side so we went this direction post-hike.  Eric R. was pleased with unlimited toppings at a flat rate ($8.95).  They eventually will have wheat and gluten-free dough but today was just the regular.I got the spicy diavolo sauce (tasted it first - whew nice and spicy!) and a combo of mozzarella and jack cheese.  Then, the only non-pork protein option: chicken.  My veggies...basil, roasted red peppers, artichokes, caramelized onions, roasted garlic, sundried tomatoes, jalepenos, sundried tomato oil....I think that is it :)  After it came out of the oven, they zinged it with cilantro.It was pretty quick, with a charred crust and 4 big slices.  It theoretically could be 8.  I ate 5/8ths of the pizza before saving the rest for my lunch tomorrow.  Eric R. enjoyed his pizza and saved some too.  It is quite filling!  He was happy with sample breadsticks at the cash register before we got our pies.  While eating we ran into friends who happen to live near the restaurant.  The owner came around and gave us a charred pizza dough roll stuffed with marshmallows and nutella for a free dessert sample - and it was like s'mores!!!  MMM!I definitely am impressed with the freshness and quickness of the pizza.  They did offer half off pies for dads today, which is nice.  Everyone working there is very friendly and takes pride in what they offer.  When we return to the west side, we will definitely stop  here!
4	When I saw this place show up as a Hot New Business on the Yelp frontpage, I thought it was a bit of a silly name.  But it tells you everything you need to know about the business.  Think Subway/Chipotle (Custom Built Sandwich/Burrito) assembly line style ordering, but for pizza.  $8.95 gets you a 12-inch pizza with all the toppings you want.  According to their website:(4) kinds of sauces(4) kinds of cheeses, which you can combine together(7) kinds of meats(7) kinds of veggies(7) kinds of toppers, added after the pizza is cookedWho else sells you a (potentially) 25-topping pizza for $8.95?!  I don't know if I would try it.  Except that I totally would if I could order it without feeling like a bit of a jerk.  Once you order your pie, you'll have it within minutes; these cook fast.  10 minutes after setting foot into the restaurant I had my food!For my very first custom built pizza I had the spicy diavola sauce, fresh mozzarella, Italian sausage, mushroom, garlic and sun dried tomatoes (photo: http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/CeqWpwHBoaxwRcv5btnv6g?select=zg2BAK39ZOP7M6bmZmAF7Q#tqe5lahN7SPZZw2mLVaFag).  I can still taste the spicy diavola and garlic in my breath, and I'm quite okay with that.  No gum for me, I'm still enjoying my pizza.  Tasty ingredients all around, and the crust keeps a chewy consistency with a slight crunch.  You want to ask me out for dinner?  How the heck are you gonna do that?  You can build me a pizza or something.  I am a fan and I will most definitely be back.
5	This place is amazing.Seriously. It seriously is like chipotle except it's brick oven pizzas. The staff was super friendly, and the food was SOOOOOO GOOD. I definitely suggest their pesto- it was AMAZING! The pizzas are pretty large, and you can get whatever you want on them- I was full after the first two pieces, so now I have some leftovers for later tonight!They accidentally dropped my friend's pizza on the floor as they were taking it out of the oven. They quickly remade it for her and gave her a buy one get one free pizza for her next visit. Great customer service!I love this place so much. Everyone needs to visit. I may come here a lot. It is dangerously close to my house.Oh, and they have gluten free for all you celiacs out there : )
5	I will be back great pizza and great staff . Wow
5	Cant freakin wait to go back!!!The hubby and I were looking for a good pizza place to try and this popped up on yelp nearby...SO we learned how it worked before we went in...Basically you build your own pizza with unlimited toppings or none for the same price. One size,but its a big one, I couldn't finish one on my own.We bought two: Diavola sauce, fresh and shredded mozzarella, chorizo, pepperoni, fresh basil, bell pepper...and the other was the stock Bianca. Both were amazing. Like I said, I can't wait to get more. A tad pricey, but hey, load it up with toppings and foul get what you pay for! See my photos of my pizzas, that were half gone,lol
5	You really can't go wrong with the formula: quality ingredients, custom ordering, and fast and friendly service. And all at a low price. Is it the absolute best pizza I've ever had? No. But for $9 the value is off the charts. (Plus a nice use of technology with the Belly rewards program, which ends up being buy-10-get-1-free.) Can't wait to come back!
4	I was very excited to see a new Neapolitan-style pizza shop open up in town, being a big fan of Settebello and Neapolitan-style pizza in general.The pizza is very good for the price. The crust is nice- fluffy, chewy, and lightly charred. I really enjoyed that they offer a spicy sauce option, as well as fresh mozzarella and basil. It is fun watching them assemble your pizza moments before serving it. The ingredients are fresh and high-quality, and they have plenty of topping options for a flat rate. I don't know if this quite works out in my favor, seeing as how I do not generally order meat on my pizza. It is a fun idea, though, and I'm sure they open themselves to a larger customer base because of the flexibility.Overall, this is really good pizza for the price, convenience, and quality. Definitely going to be a staple!
5	LOVE this place! We decided after reading yelp reviews to try this place out and we will for sure be back!For $8.95 you can customize a pizza with any of the toppings they have. The topping are so fresh! You can even pick several types of cheeses!We got 2 pizzas. I had fresh mozzarella, pineapple, mushroom and pepperoni on mine. My man had shredded mozzarella and jack cheese, sausage, onion, jalapeno. We both had the spicy diavola sauce. It was full of flavor and delicious!Let me tell you if you like "mild" spicy the diavola sauce isn't for you because it is HOT! It was $23.57 for both pizzas and 2 sodas. You get free refills and they have lids and straws if you want to take your soda to go.We got a "belly card" that we can swipe each time for rewards. They have "Thirsty Thursdays" where on Thursday you can get any beer buy one get one FREE!If you haven't tried this place it is a must for any pizza lover I just can't say enough it was very very good!
4	This place is redefining fast food. With good ingredients and short cooking times comes delicious pizza. It may be a notch below places like Due Forni or Dom DeMarco's, but for what it is, it's amazing. It's inexpensive (only one size of pizza for $8.95), quality food... think of it as Due Forni (or Dom's) Light.For the price you can get as many toppings as you want. I took it easy and just got the pesto sauce with chicken, mushrooms, and caramelized onions. After only waiting a few minutes it was brought out to our table. The crust had a decent char around the top and outside edges and the bottom was even crispier, making it easy to pick up a slice without it going limp and having the toppings slide off.Other reviews have said they cut the pies into four slices, but they cut ours into eight. It's nice to see new business listen to feedback and make tweaks for the better.Custom Built Pizza is also great for kid's since they can choose their own toppings and see it being assembled. Plus, it's affordable.
5	Fast, friendly and delicious. Like a "Chipotle" for pizza get any pizza prepared just the way you want it, FAST. The team is friendly and the ingredients are fresh and high quality. My pizza was ready by the time I paid the cashier (who was extremely friendly) and tasted better than I could have ever expected. This is a must try, and return; again and again and again.
2	After reading all the glorious reviews I had to try the place.  From the moment we walked in the door it was confusing.  Is this a pizza place or a custom cabinet builder?    The ordering is completely confusing.  Too many choices.  We ordered a margarita pizza, and a custom built - gawd really?! I have to pick which cheese and sauce also?  Again, I think there are too many choices.  Just my opinion though.  We got our pizzas and while they weren't gross - they weren't any better than anyone else's.  If you eat pizza hut or little Caesars - this is a step above it, but that's all and costs more.  It was about $8-10 per person with a drink... I cant imagine that I would bother going back anytime soon.  Sad that it wasn't better.
4	Can you say FRESH! This place rules! Me being a pizza freak and all I have to say hands down one of the best pizza I have ever had. Love the way how the wood burning oven brick cooks the pizza, the taste and the color it gets is just the way I like it. I'm very critical about the pizza dough; don't like thin crust nor pan style or chewy/tough. I'm somewhere in the middle and this place fits what I look for in a pizza. Plus all the pizza is custom built, hence custom built pizza. The pistachio pesto is a must try! I can't wait to go back..
5	I think another Yelper commented that this place was like "the Chipotle of pizza". That's pretty much spot on. Pizza made fresh and with a high quality for a reasonable price? Yeah, that pretty much describes custom built pizza. What i really liked is the unlimited toppings for the pizza. Actually, I ordered my pizza with like 3 different sauces, a regular tomato one, a bbq one, and a hot sauce one. The brick oven wood fired pizza definitely takes it to a whole 'nother level. For about 9 bucks you can get a 11in pizza done your way with the quality of a wood fired brick pizza.
3	The concept is awesome, the service is pleasant, the pricing is reasonable, and the product is not too shabby.  But I wasn't so impressed by the food that I will make a special trip.  Yes, tasty, but not blow your-socks-off tasty.
4	What a great place. The staff was warm and friendly and walked us through the process.  I had explained to my family this was like subway for pizza but they didn't get it until we went through the process.  My husband was thrilled with the 2 x 1 beer too. Pizza was excellent, the place is very clean and the pizza was out very very fast.  I will recommend to everyone who wants a casual dining experience.
5	For the money, there is no better pizza in Las Vegas.  Sure, Settebello and Dom DeMarco's might make a better pie, but both are pricier and take longer.  I actually think Custom Built is better than Due Forni.  Highly recommended.
5	This place is awesome..  So many toppings and ideas.. You could eat there everyday and get something different. Everyone is so nice. I try and eat there once a week. The food is fresh and tasty to!
5	From moment you walk in the door, you know this is a different pizza place.  Starting off, there are 3 different dough types, then mix/match sauces (4 different sauces) & cheese (at least 6 that I can remember), and toppings galore.  I will be back to try different combinations.  Another difference is that even though the dough is tossed in front of you, it doesn't take forever to get the pizza.  You go down the assembly line style for choosing you toppings, choose a salad, drink, and dessert if you want, then by the time you sit down your pizza is almost ready.
5	I had a custom built pizza with pistachio pesto, mozzarella, and roasted chicken that was really tasty.  To top it off, the employees were really nice, and I'm a stickler when it comes to good service..To sum it up, good food and great service!  Will return...!
5	Probably the best pizza I have had in a long time. I love supporting local owned family businesses. I highly recommend trying out this friendly establishment. The food is awesome and the service is amazing! I love entrepreneurs and new endeavors in this "economy."
5	It is the Chipotle of pizza.  What works about this is the personal size of the pizza which means everyone can have what they want.  With 4 picky eaters in the family that is a godsend. The kids absolutely raved about the Smores Pizza so if you are feeling indulgent go for that.  The owner was incredibly nice and so was the staff.   I always meet the owners of small businesses, because I love supporting our local Las Vegans.  I highly recommend it if you are on this side of town.  It blows away Dom DeMarcos, whose pizza and service were inferior.  It is not as good as Due Forni, whose service and pizza are amazing. For the price point it is top notch!
5	It's hard to give this place a bad review. With quality ingredients I made an excellent pizza. Great service and beer and wine you can't get enough!
5	This is long overdue. Sometimes when I order pizza in a restaurant and I ask to replace an ingredient with another the waiter roll his eyes and makes me fell really uncomfortable. Here you pick the ingredients you want on your pizza and you see them making it right in front of you: LOVE IT! Been there for family lunch and business lunch and it is great every time.My son love it! Mo and Larry are very nice. Highly recommend!
4	I was drawn into this place because of the guy standing outside with a flyer and some samples.I ordered a 1889 Pizza Margherita and it literally took less than 3 minutes to bake it. The guy making my pizza was so funny because I was timing how long it really takes to cook a pizza. Because I wanted to see if it was consistent, I ordered 3 more pizzas. They all took less than 3 minutes. It was awesome!....Back to my 1889 Pizza Margherita. I think that it tasted as good as Grimaldi'sI also ordered a smores which is made out of nutella and marshmallows. Its a must try!
5	Love this place. I've been here several times for lunch (it's near my office) and the food has been consistently excellent. Top quality, fresh, made to order goodness :)Given how expensive pizza can get at some places, getting unlimited toppings for less than $10 is great :)
5	I am a member of LVAC and they had a booth sampling the pizza.  It was fantastic.  I got a coupon and decided the next day to get it for dinner.  Every pizza place charges several more dollars for a gluten free crust and Custom Built does not!  They have extremely reasonable prices.  The best part is they have goat cheese!  Love this place.
5	Amazing!  You create a pizza like you would create your sub at subway.  However, unlike subway where your stuck with the meats on that sub and each sub has its own price, here you choose what ever you want and it is one price.  The toppings are awesome and plentiful, dont be shy, ask for what ever you want.  The pie is large (11 inches) so it is easily shared or you will have leftovers.  The quality is there, the price is great, and the service is amazing. Great job and great concept.  They have very tasty gluten free crust!
4	I was born and raised in Chicago so I tend to be biased when it comes to pizza, however I can appreciate the various styles as long as they are done well. The positive reviews on Yelp led me to Custom Built Pizza. I was skeptical, but I loved the idea and just had to try it. You walk up and select your crust, sauce and toppings. You're not nickel and dimed for every topping either. And the options are endless and fresh. Overwhelmed by all the possibilities, I went with the classic 1889 Pizza Margherita. It was loaded up and baked for a few short minutes. I paid my tab and was digging in while it was still piping hot. This didn't compare to those in I had in Italy, but compared to those locally and in NY this was top notch. Who knew? Someone with this brilliant idea, apparently. My brother joined me on this visit. He had the spicy diavola mixed with the crushed tomato sauce the blend had a nice kick without overpowering the other ingredients. He went to town and chose a smorgasbord of meats and veggies. We shared slices and his creation was quite delicious and I was most impressed that the crust held the toppings. No grimaldi's pizza I've had has been able to do this, few NY styles have. Even those I had in Naples got soggy and limp. Avoid extra extra cheese and dine in to maintain the crisp sturdy crust.Fresh. Quick. Tasty. Affordable.
5	I finally tried this place the first time after seeing it open up next to the tropical smoothie I always go to.This place is the subway/chipotle of pizza. You can pick what type of dough, sauce, cheese and a plethora of toppings. The dough is rolled fresh right in front of you and the toppings are the freshest. And there's no limit to the combinations. They actually encourage you to go a little crazy with the toppings! Pizzas are thrown in an old fashioned wood fired oven and ready in about 10 minutes. The staff is definitely the nicest group of people I've had the pleasure of meeting too.I will become a regular whenever I'm in the area and have that pizza craving.
5	The owners were incredibly nice and so was the rest of the staff. They took the time to walk me through all the steps and even let me taste the sauces before I picked one so I knew I made the right choice. I went with the 50/50 regular and spicy sauce. I put all the cheeses on it and all the meats. I added a few veggies and called it a day. For 9 dollars I was pretty darn happy with it. I thought the ingredients were fresh and delicious. I thought the cheeses packed quite a bit of punch and the dough was nice and chewy. I went to Grimaldis yesterday so I was hoping for a bit more bite out of the crunch towards the center but regardless I was still very impressed by it all. I really love the service here and that's what makes it a 5 star review. I can't wait for them to expand into the rest of Vegas. They are looking at a spot over off Eastern near Richmar so that's right by me. Definitely worth the drive though. Owners couldn't have been more hospitable.
4	What a fabulous place.  Delicious pizza, cooked to order in just minutes.  CBP is kind of like a Subway Sandwich for pizza lovers.  You go in and pick your dough, your sauce and the toppings and BAM they make that puppy!  They throw it in a wood burning kiln which bakes it at high velocity (around 2-3 minutes).   Great place for lunch and reasonably priced.  Watch out for the Diavolo (sp) Sauce it is flipping HOT.  Owner was there and it was obvious he is passionate it about his pizzas and your happiness.  I HIGHLY recommend this joint, I only hope that one opens someday closer to my neck of the woods!
5	So all the Round Table Pizza chains in Vegas shut their doors and removed their signs... damn shame if you ask me as i was born and raised in the bay and Round Table has always been my favorite franchise of pizza. Damn. So after driving to their location on Sahara and Ft Apache with a craving for pizza just to find it closed i suggested hitting up Custom Built as it's been on my to do list for quite some time and we were set on pizza.True to all their reviews and advertisement you pretty much build your own pizza from their selection of crusts and toppings. I've been here twice back to back. First time i got a half and half of buffalo chicken and bbq chicken with a few add toppings and they turned out great.Second time i tried to 'layer' the flavors by asking them to make rings of sauce on the crust before cheese and toppings are added. The result wasnt as i was expecting and i realized they dont put a lot of sauce because it makes the pie soggy.I expect to be coming here frequently to try out the different combinations of pies.
4	Buying a Groupon can often be a crap shoot. I had heard good things about Custom Built Pizza before the Groupon became available so I was pretty confident about the purchase. After a long day of shopping and running errands, my fella and I decided to get a bite to eat before heading home. Having spent a pretty penny on all purchases, we decided the best idea was to use on of the many Groupons I have pending. We arrived at Custom Built and were greeted warmly and instructed on the ordering process. My fella and I both got our own personal sized pizzas and proceeded to select our toppings of choice. They have some great sauces to choose from. The staff encouraged us to sample them before choosing. I tried the highly recommended spicy diavalo sauce and chose the pretty typical offerings of pepperoni, basil, mushrooms, olives, sun dried tomatoes and lots and lots of mozzarella cheese. I love the concept and the ingredients are really fresh and tasty. Their dough is handmade and you can taste it. I was surprised by how great my pizza turned out.  Since it was my first visit, I erred on the side of caution, but I look forward to my next visit where I plan on being a little more adventurous with my toppings and trying their whole wheat dough as well as one of their dessert pizzas.
3	Was very surprised at ALL the different toppingsthey had here! If you think it, I bet they can makeit! Maybe!
4	This pizza was really really good. You pick all the toppings you want and they make it right before your eyes. I went with a classic Hawaiian but I really enjoyed my girls pizza. It had spicy tomato sauce so I'm definitely getting that next time. We have two more Groupons to use, so we'll be back soon. Really great place, I'm looking forward to coming back.
5	I don't know how they do it... but they do it fast and they do it well and they do it with smiles on their faces! I walked in and was greeted with a smile and asked if it was my first time. When I said yes, the lady immediately offered me samples of the different sauces they have and made recommendations for mixing sauces together for flavor explosions! I was impressed! I tasted the sauces and ended up choosing a mix of tomato and a little diablo (spicy, I think that's what it was called?).  So, the set up is like ordering at subway. You pick what type of dough you want, and then sauce, and then cheese, and then toppings. The choice of toppings is unbelievable! So many meats and cheeses and veggies to chose from, and unlimited amounts and varieties for the same price? IS THIS REAL LIFE? PIZZA HEAVEN!Did I mention the price is only like, $8-9? And the pizza is quite large (at least big enough for me to take half of it home!). I ended up choosing all of the cheeses, garlic, onion, pepperoni and jalapeno/artichoke on half of the pizza. As soon as you're done with toppings, your pizza gets placed in the brick oven. Literally, by the time I was finished picking out which beer I wanted and paying, my pizza was ready. 3 minutes, maybe?And ranch - FREE RANCH. Awesome. Sat down, took my first bite, and fell in love. Okay, so this pizza isn't the most amazing delicious perfect heavenly pizza I have ever had, but it is VERY close. And you cannot beat the service, speed, and price!Yum. Great for families and kids. They also have a smores pizza for dessert - I'll check that out next time. Oh yes, there will be a next time.
5	Great pizza great service Lots of toppings Gluten free Wood fire oven
5	My wife and I have been here twice, and I'm sure we'll be back for a third time and a fourth and ... Although we have nothing against chain restaurants, we prefer good Mom-and-Pop places when we can find them, and CBP fits the bill. Friendly people, fast service, fantastic food ... it's hard to ask for more than that.It's also probably the best value in town - $8.95 for an 11-inch pizza with your choice of sauce and as many toppings as you want (there are 21 different options). It's definitely worth a visit.
5	I eat pizza a lot. There are only a couple places that I really like, and CBP is fast becoming a regular stop for me. First and foremost the pizza is great.  You get your own personal sized pizza that I find big enough to share with my 3 y/o daughter.  I tried a couple of the different crusts which were all good, but in the end I usually get the regular crust. My favorite sauce is the Spicy Tomato hands down! The restaurant is clean and inviting. The owner Larry is a pleasant fellow and always a pleasure to talk to. Service is friendly and the turn-around time is like 2 minutes in the wood-fired brick oven.  I would highly recommend trying CBP for a fun and tasty dining experience.
3	Best pizza I had in town? Ehhh nope, is it worth giving it another try? Sure! Used my Groupon and tried the basic basil & tomato pizza. Crust was tasty, toppings were good, ranch was good too. Employees were friendly. I dunno, I just didn't get all warm and fuzzy like I usually do when I eat my all time favorite food. I do appreciate all the different toppings and cheeses and crust to chose from..maybe next time will be better.
4	Enthusiastic and gracious staff.  Check!Convenient location in Summerlin. Check!A unique pizza experience with premier variety of ingredients.  Check!Incentives to bring you back. Checkity check check.
5	This pizza shop came highly recommended by many fellow yelpers on my Gluten Free thread so I dined here today. I chose to build my own pizza. Gluten free crust, crushed red tomatoes for the base, mozzarella cheese, sundried tomatoes, garlic, crispy basil & pineapple. WOW was I impressed. The guy behind the register also informed me they would be getting a much better gluten free crust next week, and I even thought this one was great! So happy this place was recommended it was Delish! I even ate my whole pie... Haha
3	IT'S JUST A-OK.So when you choose to eat here your options are pretty simple. You can choose whatever house specialty pizza at different prices they have or you can choose your own unlimited toppings for 8.95. Mind you that they only have one size and I would say that it's a little bit smaller than a medium pizza hut pizza.So here's your steps for your custom built pizza.1. Choose your Dough. (Wheat, Gluten Free, or Traditional)2. Choose your Sauce. (Crushed Tomato, Spicy Diavola, Creamy Alfredo, or Pistachio Pesto)3. Choose your Cheese. (Mozzarella, Jack, Gorgonzola, or Asiago)4. Choose your Meats. (too many to mention)5. Choose your Veggies. (too many to mention)When you hear of this place and find out you can put whatever toppings you want for 8.95 of course it sounds like a good bargain. So naturally I was thinking for the toppings why not EVERYTHING?Here's where the problem lies. When I was there that day, I told the guy I wanted all the toppings on there. He said, you can do that BUT not all of it will get cooked properly and not only will it not look right, but most of the toppings will fall off when you take your first bite. Now I dont know if he said that so that he wouldnt lose money since you would have all the toppings he offers on there, so I ended up only going with about 8 toppings total on mine. I ordered another with just extra cheese and extra pepperoni because that's all my 8 year old likes to eat.So overall, I was kind of disappointed. Dont get me wrong, everything tasted good but the fact that I can eat one pizza by myself, that can get expensive, especially with a family of 4. For a complete list of their menu items, address, and contact info, visit their website at www.custombuiltpizza.com
5	After two visits to Custom Built Pizza I can confidently say this is a 5-star place to me!! I love the concept -- it's like going to Subway, but for pizza! The variety of choices (sauces, cheeses, and toppings) and the deliciously chewy crust from the brick oven make the pizzas great.  I loved trying the Alfredo and pesto sauces too -- so yummy! And beer, wine and the salad options are great, too.  Atmosphere is a little lacking but it's very clean and the service is friendly and attentive.  I highly recommend this place when you're in the mood for fast & delicious pizza in Summerlin but don't want to pay the higher prices of Due Forni or Dom DeMarcos.
5	Yummy Yum! The pies are GREAT! The dough is perfect my wife order a pie with her toppings and I ordered mine. We had a few slices to take home eating for lunch the next day. I like the simple easy menu no drama.  Wish they had an XLARGE pie.
5	I've been a regular at Custom Built ever since I stopped in on a Sunday morning and tried a Shrimp Scampi pizza (amazing, by the way!). My whole family loves to come as we can all get our own personal sized pizza with whatever we want on it. My personal favorite is the Alfredo sauce, but they are all good. I try to change up my toppings, but always add fresh tomatoes.  The staff is always super friendly, and it truly does take only 2 minutes to get your food. I have recommended this place to several of my friends because it's just so awesome!
3	This is good pizza. A solid "good." I want to like it much more than I do, though. It has all kinds of winning elements, but there's just something that's torpedoing the whole show here, and after some deep yelpey thought, I believe its the crust. Its just not good crust. Help me out here, pizza people... They have tons of topper options, you can have all or one or none -all the same price (which is nice), great service, clean resto, prices are good. So what's wrong? Is it the crust? Is it the oven/type of heat? If I wanted boboli, I'd get boboli. I don't want boboli, but that's what the end product is like. Its like mass produced dough-ball "convenience crust." Sigh...
5	Is the pizza amazing? I wouldnt say orgasmic, but its pretty darn yummy! Plus they have NUTELLA SMORES PIZZA! That alone deserves 409674509409 stars!Soooo Im not gonna bore you with all the toppings and what not. Just with my experience! Sooo Im a little picky and as weird as it sounds I'm not a fan of red sauce! What I am a fan of is buffalo chicken pizza! And they have it here! What I ask for is no bleu cheese and extra regular cheese! They dont seem to put enough cheese on the pizza so I ask for extra! I purchased some Groupons and put them to use! Like all have said you can legit eat an entire pizza alone!  We purchased a buff chicken, bacon, pep and extra cheese and a nutella smores pizza! I always ask for ranch and they give me a little side. The first time I went they were super sweet and patient with me, and this time also. I believe the owner was there, or some older gentleman but he made me feel awkward because I used a groupon then after I checked in I got a check in deal. Well this was after we began to eat so I decided to put it to use and purchased the smores pizza! He didnt know what I was talking about, but then honored it. Again I felt awkward. Anywho, we wrapped up our items and left.The inside is very clean and nice, the employees are super kind and not little jerks! We tried a piece of the small (4 slices) smores pizza and were literally in high heaven. IT WAS ORGASMIC. SERIOUSLY! I would go to the gym 100 hrs just to eat one of these once a day! jk, but it was amazing!Go for the Buffalo chicken pizza and smores, you will not be sorry!
5	Sucks!!! Totally sucks!!!! Sucks that I can't change what I get regularly there. So good I get the same thing every time and some how taste better every time! Will keep going back again and again.Every one needs to go here!It's subway but with pizza. I'm getting hungry already and about to head over to Custom Built Pizza...... YUM!
4	I do enjoy their freshly made pizza and the service I've experienced has been really nice. The quality and taste does remind me a little of CPK, but they are both yummy to me! I love that I can see the toppings before decided which ones I would like on my creation.  I'm super indecisive so luckily they weren't too busy when I was trying to decide on toppings. I'm definitely no pizza expert, but I did think it was satisfying. My husband decided he likes Pizza Hut better (his opinion doesn't count.) They were super quick for a freshly made pizza and they also like to show off their handy work before you walk out the door.
5	As the name states, you can design your pizza from the bottom-up - crust, cheese, sauce, toppings, and all. Full-customization is a brilliant concept to apply to pizza, but the excellence of the staff and the high-quality ingredients bring the concept to life. The staff was immediately engaging from the very beginning - attentive, warm, and knowledgeable in perfect balance. Ordering here can be a bit confusing at first (what with all the options), but the staff guided us through the process with patience and great personality. They also seemed genuinely passionate about their food; they weren't afraid to show pride in their work, and they have a right to be proud!The pizza itself was amazing. Because of the customized concept, there's no room to hide bad ingredients, and I found no wrong here - all the ingredients were fresh and tasty, and if you are a fan of soft, thin-crust pizza, you will love the crust. Delicious!Between the fantastic service and the fantastic food, I'm definitely looking forward to next time, and I'll be returning often for as long as they keep it up.
4	i like that you can add whatever you want to your pizza if you get the custom built pizza option. they have other styles you can choose from but its a lot more fun to experiment with your own choices. well, could potential be bad too, but the toppings and sauces pretty much work together.i had their pesto sauce, bell peppers, chicken, italian sausage, basil, cilantro, spinach, one other green leaf, garlic, half fresh mozz and i forgot the cheese, half shredded mozz and romano, and a few other stuff i forgot...it was really good! the dough was ok. im a new york pizza crust kinda guy so im very particular about my crust.my friend did mention that you got the feeling that it was a very healthy looking pizza. which it was. great ingredients. but if you want oily pizza that you know is bad for you but tastes good, there are other places.customer service is great. attentive and willing to give you advice about combinations.
5	Yum yum getcha some. I made it here after getting rave reviews from my friends and it didn't disappoint. We went around 8pm on a Wednesday night and it was quiet, no lines and the two attendants were immediately attentive and starting explaining everything. I'm a sucker for BBQ pizza and was able to fine tune it exactly how I wanted it am so did my very picky husband we both enjoyed it, very casual and got our pizza brought to us in minutes. Great crust nice and freshly spun right in front of you. We enjoyed and will be back with the youngin : )
4	Great customer service at this local pizza place! They only do personal pizzas and you can customize as you like. They'll bake it in their wood oven right in front of you. My favorite combo so far has been creamy alfredo sauce with bacon, pepperoni and garlic. I went to Secret Pizza at the Cosmo hoping to be completely wow-ed, but while I was there, I couldn't help but think of how good and convenient Custom Built Pizza is (don't get me wrong, Secret Pizza was still good, but the strip is a bit of a trek). Don't forget to check Yelp for check-in deals. I passed up Groupon on this place a few weeks ago, but I think it's great to support a local business, Groupon-less!
4	We went here for the first time on a groupon and will definitly be going back!  The topping selection is very diverse and everything was fresh.  I like that you can choose from white, whole wheat, or gluten free crust.  What I don't like is that the Whole Wheat costs a dollar extra.  You can't tell me that it costs that much more to make a ww crust!  Also, why is it always extra for the "healthier" option.  I liked that they had a pesto option for the sauce, and my husband liked that they had a spicy red sauce.  I have to agree with another reviewer when she said that the crust isn't that good.  I liked how crispy it got, but it is lacking in flavor.  I think they need to add more salt to the dough, it was just a little bland.  They also have a salad pizza option, which I may try the next time.  Over all we enjoyed it.  Oh, BTW you could totally share a pizza and a salad if you didn't want a huge meal.  We each got our own (because we can't agree on toppings) and both took half home.
5	Pizza is so awesome! My husband and I have been going here for a few months now and enjoy it every time. The customer service is fantastic and although we haven't yet stayed in the restaurant to eat, there is ample room to hang out and enjoy a good 'za. The ingredients are fresh and you can have a pizza to eat in under 5 minutes (and watch it be made)!  What else can I ask for? Oh, and the choice of sauces (spicy, regular or white) and crusts (white, wheat or gluten free) help satisfy anyone's craving.
5	I was kind of surprise, but this place is really good. The staff are very friendly and upbeat. They let us try the homemade presto sauce, we had the gluton free dough and it is very tasty and light. Usually when we go to a restaurant with a groupon, we would not go back again but we will definitely come back to this place. In fact I am thinking about going back there right now... It's $8.99 for as many toppings as you like and the pizza is really delicious. It puts all the other pizza place to shame. Shame on you Pizza hut and Pappa Johns for serving us crap and for charging extra for toppings!
5	This UYE was my first visit to Custom Built Pizza, and I was excited from the moment I walked into the restaurant.  The amazing aroma the moment you step in is almost satisfying enough...but THEN...then there's the pizza. You walk down the line (just as if you were ordering a sandwich from Subway) and choose your crust, sauce, cheese, and toppings.  I chose the honey wheat crust, crushed tomato sauce, fresh mozzarella, peppers, caramelized onions, meatballs, and fresh basil.  YUM!  The pizza is put into the brick oven, and just a few minutes later, it is brought to your table.  Completely delicious, and the best pizza I have had in a long time!There is one problem I haven't mentioned though...my new-found addiction to their S'mores pizza!  They put Nutella on pizza crust, top it with mini marshmallows, and bake it in that amazing brick oven until the marshmallows are toasted and the crust is cooked.  I am hooked!I highly recommend CBP, and at $8.95 per pizza with unlimited toppings, you can take the family!
5	Big Mahalos too Melinda for setting up this awesome UYE! It gave me the perfect reason too checkout Custom Built Pizza had bookmarked for sometime. I got there little late so seeing my fellow yelpers digging into some good looking and smelling pies. It just got me more excited. Custom Built Pizza its pretty self explanatory you pick everything on your pizza from type of dough too your toppings. So really had no idea kind of pizza thinking just keep it simple for the first time. The type of dough choose from honey wheat (one I had), whole wheat, even have gluten free dough, and believe one more not remember it. The sauces tomato sauce, diablo sauce (one I picked), white sauce, and two others ones. The cheeses I went with the combination of mozzarella and asiago but also have four other cheeses on the menu. The toppings have LOT too choose from I went with my standard favorite pepperoni and sausage with some fresh basil. It takes times for pizza come out depending on busy the restaurant. It so worth the wait! Too see them put together your own mona lisa of pie, perfectly cook, nice crust all around, and piping HOT. Personnel pizza for one should be about in life! I happy with the way my combinations came together. The diablo sauce had nice little kick too it. The combination of cheese gave it nice texture and depth of flavor every bite. The pepperoni and sausage was good. The pizza makers are really helpful if any questions on some combinations. He asked me if wanted half and half cheese but felt like going mixed both together be better. I am sure with all the combinations there something for everyone! LIterally go everyday have different pie. Cool. The inside not very big but still have ample choices of booth or tables too choose from. They do have one television just in case watch whatever they have on. I like the colors scheme inside its very relaxing and makes for chilling atmosphere. Everyone staff is friendly and mention before helpful for first timer. Melinda great job! It nice meeting new yelpers talking stories and always good times talking stories with Misti and Bobby.
4	Custom pizzas! I love the whole concept of choosing my own sauce, cheeses, and toppings for my pizza. They also have options for their crusts, can you believe that? My favorite toppings are the carmerlized onions and roasted garlic with roasted chicken and applewood bacon. Yum-O! For around $9 you can make a pizza uniquely your own concoction. I'm glad I bought a Groupon for this place months ago, and since it was about to expire I had to drag my bf to come with me (he loves pizza as much as I do). The size of the pizza is decent. And with the options of different toppings, one order can be enough to fill your stomach. The African-American man working behind the counter is very sweet. I liked the way he put a lot of the stuff on top of my pizza. They also have (pizza) take out boxes for those who either order To-Go or couldn't finish their perfectly personalized pizza. I didn't see what fountain drinks they offer since I grabbed two Arizona Teas instead. Next time I'm going for classic soda + pizza pairing. Whoever thought of this idea is a genius. I'm not saying that it's not been done before. I'm just glad one opened within 5 miles of my neighborhood.
3	Tasty pizza, one size (11"), unlimited (good) toppings, wheat crust for +$1. Friendly staff. One pizza, one salad, and two drinks came to $24.
5	I always call this place Chiptole for pizza. lol I love that you get to choose everything.. literally everything!! the combonations are endless and definitely takes me forever to make one cause i can't decide. I have yet to have a bad experience here and I definitely visit often. It is down the street from my house, but even if I lived in Boulder City I would make the drive. DELICIOUS!!!
5	I'm not the biggest pizza fan in the world, but this place is just awesome.  Create a customized pizza for under $10.  How can you beat that?  I came in here cuz I had a Groupon, so I got 2 pizzas for myself to try.  YES I had leftovers. :)  After I left I was thinking what other combinations of toppings I could try on my next visit.  Hey CBP please open a location closer to my house?  Thanks!
5	Super yummy pizza and very nice staff. I am very particular about crust and it is very tasty here. Love being able to choose from a ton of toppers, both common and unique. Very good place!
5	Super friendly staff, awesome casual dining room, 30+ pizza toppings and a 1/2 off wine offer on Wednesdays... what else can you ask for?My girl and I visited this place to see what all the yelp excitement was about, and boy were we are glad we came. This place offers a personal-sized pizzas with as many toppings as your heart desires for around $9, and I must say it is a pretty cool experience to build your own pie! First, you start off by choosing the dough (regular or whole wheat) and then you are guided through all the yummy toppings you can choose for your personalized pizza... and you can choose from several different kinds of sauces, meats, veggies and even fruit! The staff makes you feel like an expert chef and will guide you through the build process and even offer suggestions if you are not well versed in the art of mixing flavors ;-)You cannot leave this place without trying their Nutella and s'mores pizza. Decadent and irresistible, this unusual treat will be the perfect closing to an awesome meal. Enjoy!
5	This was my second visit in less than a week's time, and it's off the beaten path from my work and my home... goes to show you that I enjoyed the pizza that much!  The staff is attentive and accommodating and patient as you make the very tough decision about how to dress your pizza.  And the pizza... it's delicious and super-fast! I love the variety of  doughs, sauces, and toppings which are available and the fact that you can really be creative as you wish.  What a great experience.  I cannot wait until I can return!
4	Friendly and helpful staff (they need a tip jar) as well as a good amount of topping options.  Good value as you can create your own essentially medium sized pizza for $9-11 depending on crust.  My issue was the same as a few other reviewers that if you order the pizza to-go it just isn't cooked enough and the center of the pizza is soggy dough.  If you order to go ask them to leave it in the pizza oven for an extra minute or two and save yourself from having that experience.
5	Custom Built is a friendly and casual place for great tasting thin crust, wood fired pizza. I love the quick service and how you can build your own pizza with as many toppings as you like without an extra charge for each one like every other pizza place does. Also love that they have a loyalty/rewards program with Belly on your smartphone - so easy to use!
4	Good Pizza! I will be back.
5	Bought a groupon, and was able to buy two pizza's, a pepperoni, and a Hawaiian.  I think all of their pizzas are under 10.00, which on a busy night came in handy.  The pizzas were a good size, crust was thin, and not as crispy as others I have had, but pretty good for two pizzas for under 20.00.
4	I love this place!It's fast but good...the choices and prices are great and they serve wine!I can in with my husband and best friend and 4 kids....everyone was super helpful and nice to all the kids!My only suggestion....when someone orders the spicy sauce (diavolo) like I did...I wish they would have told me to mix it with the regular sauce.....my pizza was on fire and I like spicy so I really couldn't enjoy my custom pizza (my mouth was on fire)......but thank GOD I ordered the awesome margherita pizza as a back up.Can't wait to go back!!!
4	Some friends and I went to Custom Built Pizza last Friday night after reading all of the promising reviews.  We were not disappointed!  Each of the pizzas starts at $8.95 with all of the toppings you can handle.  They charge $1 or $2 more for the honey wheat or gluten free doughs.  The ordering process can be daunting, but it is basically like ordering at Subway as you choose your options as you move down the line.  I opted for traditional dough and after reading countless reviews on the diavola (spicy) sauce I had to try it.  I asked for it to be mixed with the crushed tomato sauce and the employees acknowledged that it was pretty darn hot on it's own.  After selecting my toppings, the pizza was thrown into the oven and out it came pretty quickly.  Now, my pizza turned out great, but I must say, you're building your own pizza so if you don't like the taste, it's probably your own fault.  Some of my friends went crazy with the toppings and ended up with something they didn't really like.  With that said, all of the pizzas were cooked to perfection so Custom built fulfilled on their end of the bargain.  The only down side to this experience was watching the employees snack on pizza behind the counter and then go right back to making pizzas and serving the customers.  Everybody gets hungry but at least hide it a little better!  Overall, this restaurant has a very unique concept with good ingredients and decent pricing.  I would definitely come back to try it again.
5	We really enjoyed our pizza here! They had a great atmosphere, lots of choices!! I had the spicy sauce, jalapenos, two different cheeses, sausage, pepperoni and red bell peppers. So good. I don't think that you need to have a bunch of stuff  on it to make it great!!! They charge extra. for wheat or glutin free crust. Everyone there were very nice
4	So I love this idea of a subway for pizza. I love even more that it is a wood fire pizza. Check in and get a dollar off. I put waayyy to many toppings on mine so by the time I got back to my work to eat which is 5 mins away it was pretty soggy. It is large enough to share with a friend IMO. OR by yourself if you are hungry.
5	Easy 5 stars...here's why :Great pizza with an amazing concept! All are "personal pizza" size, and you are in charge of your toppings! Think of it as Subway's version of a Pizza joint! But unlike Subway, all these toppings are fresh and quality made. Where else can you get sauces like Spicy Diavola, Creamy Alfredo and Pistachio Pesto? Quality cheeses like Gorgonzola and Asiago? Toppings like Applewood Bacon, Roasted Chicken and Chorizo? Roasted Garlic, Arugula and Basil, Pineapple and sun dried tomatoes?! Check out my two creations!http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/custom-built-pizza-las-vegas?userid=eZZyuJDouIg4p-GYB3PV_A#j6c4Tx__dXwqeRd9hsCsmA^Spicy Diavola sauce, Jack Cheese, Italian Sausage, Pepperoni, Roasted Garlic, Fresh Basil. Very good pizza here!  I know how to do it right for my tastes LOLhttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/custom-built-pizza-las-vegas?userid=eZZyuJDouIg4p-GYB3PV_A#ncc0c4l9IJviwd32yInkXA^Pistachio Pesto sauce, Asiago + Parmesan + Mozzarella cheese, Roasted Chicken, Chicken Sausage, Roasted Garlic, Sliced Tomato. Pesto sauce is great!  You can do unlimited toppings for about $9! After you make your selections, it goes into a hot oven, and bakes for a few minutes. The aftermath is what you see in the pics...amazing pizza! I think we just found a new favorite pizza joint in town!And they have specials every day here! Including half off wine and beer days! Our Thursday night included $2 Peroni and Birra Moretti's!  Come on the right day, and you will feel like you are stealing this amazingness from them!Only bad I can think of, is the fact that it is HOT in here...and it's not even summer yet.  We sat at the booths near the oven, so we know next time to sit in the furthest corner away LOL
4	This place is pretty sweet because for one price you can build any kind of pizza you want. This includes making 2 halves! Of course I was too hungry when I got here so I over indulged just a bit and made my pizza to heavy. It was really good but kind of soggy in the middle. Can't blame the pizza maker or the oven, this was definitely user error (see pictures) Next time I would go a little lighter on the toppings and try the gluten free dough.
5	Getting caught up on my Yelp reviews tonight. Not sure how this one has taken me so long to get to, since I've been a fan since the week after the opened. That's because this place is amazing. It's a personal pizza that is truly personalized. You go down a "Subway-style" row of toppings and literally create the pizza of your dreams. in case you're not dreaming big enough, I'll give you two tips to make the best Custom Built: First, get the spicy sauce ... if it's too spicy for you, get half spicy (they'll mix it with the regular sauce). Second, have Mo put an egg on top. It's not on the menu, but as long as they have some in the fridge they'll put it on top and your life will never be the same again. Also, don't say I didn't warn you that the s'more pizza is dangerously addictive.
3	Custom Built is a refreshing concept when it comes to the "create your own" foods.  Most places like Coldstone or burger joints, limit the number of toppings you can put on your food or charge extra for "premium" toppings.  Not at Custom Built, where you can put as many meats, or veggies and the price stays the same!So why doesn't this place only get 3 stars?  Well while I find it to be a good place to take someone for the first time, the pizza in my mind isn't anything too special.  Don't get me wrong, it's good and they offer us Yelpers a discount for checking-in here, but the pizza isn't really that gourmet.I still recommend people give it a try and thankfully it's reasonably light on the wallet!
4	4 stars- Great fresh ingredients and love the ability to get creative with my pizza! Wish they offered a larger size of pizza though, as they only have one size. A pizza of your customized dough, sauces, and unlimited toppings for $10. Not the absolute best pizza ever but still good. Great place for families .5 stars for the customer service.
5	Came to visit a friend out in Vegas, and we were looking for a good place for pizza.  We heard that custom  built was the place to go for personal pizzas.  It was pretty perfect for out situation.  Being of different taste.  Building our own pizza was a big plus.  When we got in the store, we were greeted by some very cheery employees.  They told us how everything worked and my friend and myself picked up two regular dough pizzas.  There were 7 types of sauces and so many topping choices.  It was a bit overwhelming at first but once we saw all the toppings this place is like pizza heaven.  They have something for everyone taste buds.  The pizzas only take three minutes to cook, by the time i paid for my bill, the pizza was nice and hot and brought to my table.  The melty cheese, and tasty sauce just made such a perfect combination.  I absolutely love the concept, and anytime i have a pizza craving in Vegas, this is the place to go.
5	All of the nice things that people have to say about this place are true!  Great food and really friendly staff, I've been here multiple times.I can't believe that you can build your own pizza for under $10.  There is no extra price ingredient section, no limitations that I know of.  My boyfriend often gets four or five different kinds of meats.  I load up on artichoke hearts, and a blend of cheeses.  I don't know how they do it, but it's great.They have beer and wine, plus a loyalty program here as well.
4	A new pizza spot that makes everyone happy!Sorta like a Chipotle, but for pizza, you can pick your crust (3 different ones, including gluten free) and all kinds of fresh toppings; all for the same price.I ordered the pizza margherita on normal crust.  The crust, sauce, cheese and olive oil all tasted fresh and full of flavor.There is only one size for the pizza and I got a to-go box. (For sure put the pizza in the oven the next day, don't microwave it!)Service was friendly and fast.  Great casual, low-key place.  They have a TV and ample seating.
2	I have been to custom built 3 times now the first time was before my yelp days and I boosted all over facebook about it. I let all my friends and family know how awesome of a place it was as well as how awesome the customer service was. I think things have changed since then. Allow me to elaborate, the second time I went to custom built I quickly left the restaurant and choose not to dine there because I was turned off by this one employee today I went back and have found that the employees name is Larry. The time I walked out was because Larry was on the phone in the back and came out front to greet us. When he came out he was holding his cell phone in his hand and asked to wait a second as he finished his call, we didn't see this as a problem so we patiently waited. When Larry returned he had his cell phone in his hand and was hanging it up he placed the phone on a back counter came to the front and asked what type of dough we would like to choose. He quickly grabbed a regular ball of dough and was about to start kneeding it when I stopped him and apologized to him and told him loud and clear that I could not dine at his establishment since I did not see him wash his hands and we walked out. Bummed out by the incident I still did not want to simply stray away because of one employee so I told my wife we would give it some time and try again.Well we did and we re-tried today. Like I said previously today the same employee that I walked out on was there and he was at the door. I take it that he did not remember the incident as he did not even recognize me. I thought that was great so that I could try and get a new experience and try and forget about the previous incident. I have to say the evening staff that first introduced my wife and I to custom built was exceptional they were up beat and seemed excited to just make a pizza. Today it felt like it was Monday and things were just crawling. If it was not for that one awesome employee that was genuinely happy to be at work I would have walked out once again that employee's name is MOE and the first thing that he did when he saw us and asked us the dough we wanted was go to the sink and wash his hands!! I quickly pointed it out to my wife and said look at that exceptional employee that is washing his hand prior to preparing our food. Moe quickly keeded out the dough and placed it on the order line to get prepared. Excited by a happy employee this made me happy and I quickly remembered the first time I went to custom built. I said to the gentlemen that was preparing my pizza the first time I came here the young man that assisted me suggested to try and get creative instead of having the same mundane pizza. He suggested trying multiple sauces and I remember him saying you can split this pizza into 16th's to try and give us a challenge we love challenges. When I mentioned this to the guy that was helping me today he seemed a little put off by the whole thing and even said I don't know why he would suggest trying so many different things. I ordered the pizza in 3rds so that I could try the different sauces 1 pesto 1 alfredo and 1 spicy. The guy seemed very uncertain on how to spread the sauces in thirds so he just made circles that ended up bleeding into each other in the cooking process. I layered and layered my pizza with topping after topping after topping. I always have fun in that part I feel like I'm a kid again when I get to pick and choose. My wife placed he order and I went to pay. When I was paying Larry was at the cash register and I told him that I forgot my belly card but had received the message that all custom built pizzas were 6.95 for the month of April. He said ok and then I showed him my yelp 10% off for checking in for the first time he again shook his head to which I thought was a clear sign for him acknowledging it. I paid the tab and was just handed my change. I thought that was a bit odd so I asked if I could have my receipt. Larry printed a receipt and gave it to me, I say a receipt because I was unsure if it was actually mine I paid with a $100.00 bill and did not nee that on the receipt and I also did not see a discount. I didn't want to be rude and be like YO! WHERE MY DISCOUNT SON!! so I just kept quite and said to myself the food will clearly change my mind and it will be worth every penny.Well I got my pizza and it was totally not what I expected the sauces had all bleed into each other and I could not tell the difference from what was pesto what was spicy and where the alfredo started and ended. Also today I watched as Larry was at the cash register and then went to make a pizza for a guest with out washing his hands AGAIN!!!! SOME ONE NEEDS TO GO OVER SAFE FOOD HANDLING WITH LARRY BEFORE HE GETS SOMEONE SICK!! I don't know if I can try custom built again and I was a fan :(!
4	Unlimited toppings on custom made pizzas, lots of topping choices and choices of original, honey wheat or gluten free dough! Pizzas are cooked in a wood-fired grill. They also have custom made salad.
5	I have wanted to go here since the UYE but never had a reason.  Well the good will of the owners in participating in school fundraisers got me out!  Lucky me, Tuesdays, kids under 10 get a free cheese pizza.  Mo treated us well and we ended up with two pizzas and a smores desert pizza.  The crust is great, the toppings and choices to make your own pizza and no additional charge really makes a wonderful experience.  Just the smell of the wood fire oven could have kept me there all night.  The price is more than reasonable and the pizza filling.    We will definitely be back as the food is great and the staff incredibly friendly.
5	Since we moved to Vegas, we've been craving Naples-style pizza. That is, cooked in a wood oven at very high heat. We love that type of crust! Friday we got out of work early, so we decided to head nearby to Custom-Built for lunch, after reading that they have a wood oven. Our pizza preppers were so friendly! And they fixed each of our pizzas exactly as we ordered...blending the tomato and "diavolo" sauces on mine, so it wouldn't be too spicy; and putting the pineapple bits on top of all the other toppings for my husband, so his crust wouldn't get soggy. I love that the pizzas are "individual size", so we don't have to argue over what toppings to get. Actually, we took some home, so they are a bit larger than individual pizzas would be at most places.The pizzas were done so quickly (one of the advantages of wood ovens) that we were surprised that there wasn't a lunch crowd in there. Instead, there was a huge line of cars getting drive-thru at the smoothy place next door. I want to let working people know that you can get a yummy pizza REALLY quick at lunchtime, at Custom Built! And if you don't have to work after eating, they have a nice selection of beer and wine.Oh, and after having pizza with CILANTRO on it, I never want pizza without it again!
5	best pizza ever.
4	Updated review since my last review was almost one year ago.I have to give myself a little credit.  I usually hit the LVAC gym at Flamingo/215 at least 3 times/week.  IF i had no control, I would probably hit CBP at least once / week.  After all, burn a few calories, replenish them with pizza - makes sense to me !   But no, I've probably hit the place, at most, once a month.  Honestly, the main reason for the "infrequency"  is there are tooooo many other places to try in the Valley.I really dig the fact that you can pile on the toppings.  I really dig the fact that it only takes a few minutes for the pizza to be prepared/cooked/boxed.  I really dig the low prices ( under $8 given LVAC discount and sometimes lower given specials.)I don't like that the crust does not hold up to the toppings ( then again, when you put a pound of meat on an 8" inch pizza, you'll need to  add cement to the crust .)  I don't like that i rarely wait until i get home to eat the pizza.Overall, I continue to be a fan.Pic attached.
5	I wish I would have known about this place sooner. After living in the San Francisco Bay Area for 26 years and loving several pizza places there it has been difficult to find an awesome pizza now that I live in Las Vegas that could compare to some in the Bay Area. Grimaldi's is really good but I believe this place has them beat. All the pizzas are one size (personal) so each and every person in your party can order exactly what they want and the price is right. My wife and I went yesterday and I was real impressed with the friendliness of the staff, and how quickly our pizza was prepared. Finally, I have found a pizza place I can love going to. The ingredients are fresh and amazing tasting and that includes the crust which was perfect. I don't think you will find ingredients at other pizza joints that will compare, especially when you consider the price. From this point forward I will be eating my pizza here at Custom Built Pizza.
4	Took my girlfriend numerous times. I really enjoy the place. I highly recommend it. Great pizza.
4	Like chipotle with pizza, it was quick good service and overall pizza was pretty solid. will definitely return!
5	Half-year follow-up to my previous review. Still fantastic pizza, still pretty nice service, although I'd like to see a bit more enthusiasm from the staff. They're still informative and cheerful, though, so it's not like there's a real issue with the service. And again, the pizza is still great as usual; you can't get a crust like this anywhere else besides Settebello, with that thin, but substantial, flaky, but toasted profile. And of course, the full power of pizza customization is still genius, and continues to impress the people I introduce to Custom-Built. They seem to be keeping the ingredients very fresh and quality, which is a huge part of the custom-style set-up. Remember that you can even mix cheeses and sauces; for example, I enjoy getting mozzarella with a sprinkle of parmesan, and others like mixing the mild tomato sauce with a bit of the spicy red sauce for a nice kick. You can even put toppings on just one side of a pizza, if you're sharing. And the size is substantial enough for sharing, too - while this is definitely not a family-size pizza, it's a bit larger than a personal pizza, and even anti-crust types might be convinced into eating the crust of this pizza, as good as it is, so this is a pizza that really fully satisfies.I think the only downside, if I had to point one out, is that this kind of pizza does not leftover very well. It must be eaten hot, at the very least warm - once it hits room temperature the profile of the crust easily turns hard, and as non-greasy as the pizza is built, there's nothing for the ingredients to settle lazily in as the hours go by. I really have little issue with this though - this is good pizza, measured-out well, with me at the reins of the ingredients, so of course I never have issues eating exactly what I wanted. Again, still fantastic!
5	LOVE THIS PLACE!Basically, this is chipotle/subway of pizza. Great and fair prices. Quality ingredients. Daily specials. Friendly staff. Beer.Great concept. This place really does things right! The white pizza was great, as well as the classic margherita pizza.The downside I think for this place is the..... NAME. It's hard to associate "custom built" with pizza, especially if you are driving down the street and can't see the "pizza" part written very small. To me, this seems like a great name for a cabinet maker or something.We love this place and hope it survives the rough Las Vegas restaurant market but it doesn't ever seem that busy and I think the name is what's hurting it.  What helps this place? Word of mouth and Yelp reviews!
5	This was my first visit and had great experience - great GLUTEN-FREE pizza, great selection of toppings.  Helpful staff.  Will definetely go back
4	Great pizza! Will definitely be back.
5	This place is pretty good! Perfect for going with a group and getting your own personalized pizza. Usually I have to fight my friends in deciding which toppings but I get my own pizza with as many toppings as I want. Just the way I want to have a heart attack.I will definitely be back. Also heard about Pieology back in LA so will have to try that and compare.
5	Wow!  I am so glad I found this place on Yelp!  Yes, like other reviewers have said, what makes this pizza place so unique is that you get to build your own pizza with whatever unlimited toppings you want.  But the more amazing thing about this place is the taste of the pizza.  Absolutely AMAZING...one of the best pizzas I've ever had!In order to try more different flavors, I did each half of my pizza differently.  There is so much to choose from, it is almost overwhelming!I am definitely a fan and will absolutely be back for sure.  Great quality and you cannot beat the price for such amazing pizza!A great experience all the way around!!!!
5	Love this pizza and the ingredients are fresh!  For my first visit, I just stuck with a very basic pizza for my evaluation.  Half Hawaiian and half Sausage/Pepperoni/peppers & mushrooms.  I can't wait to go back and try their "Spicy" tomato sauce.  Remember, "less is more", be careful not to go overboard with a "everything" pizza.  Also loved the pop music they were playing: Coldplay,etc.
5	This place is fantastic! So many options. Start with gluten free crust, honey wheat, or regular crust. Sauces choices are great, pistachio pesto, tomato varieties and Alfredo. Plenty of healthy fresh topping choices, and toppings are all included... As many as you want, no extra charge! Wednesdays are wind down Wednesdays, 1/2 off wine, I had a glass of Chardonnay for 1.50! Thursdays is half off beer. The staff was so friendly and helpful and it is very well priced!
5	OMG, who knew I still had this in draft buried with the other hundred other reviews that I started but never quit finished.So after last night's post-For Goodness Shake visit, and the helpful Yelp reminder I will get this submission submitted.Custom Built Pizza (CBP) is great.  They have fresh and quality ingredients that you can select from to engineer your very own pizza or pick from their menu of pizza combos.  If you get one with everything (all the sauces, cheeses, toppings on one pie = Suicide Pizza) it still costs the same as another pizza that you customize with just all the veggie toppings.  Awesome concept!  But don't go crazy, as the pizza might get more soggy when overloaded with too much sauces and toppings, plus some ingredients (bell peppers) will not cook properly or gets overcooked (the herbs).My first personal sized CBP was a Suicide Pizza, the very first one ordered per the owner.  It was definitely a very hearty pizza.  But one with less stuff on it is actually better.All meats + sweet onions, red onions, green onions and mushroom pizza with BBQ sauce was really good.  Of all the crazy combos pizza I have ever architect (doesn't it just sound more sophisticated instead of customize???), this was my favorite.Regardless of how conservative or institutionally insane your pizza creation is, it still just requires a quick minute or two to be baked in their nice hot oven and delivered to your table for immediate consumption.   CBP also offers dessert pizzas.  If you still have room to spare that is, which in my case has always been "no".Quality ingredients, fast friendly service, even faster baking time, and 16,464+ combinations of pizzas = a lot of visits with a lot of friends, just so you can earn the coveted right to say you have tried every type of pizza offered at Custom Built Pizza.  Gotta eat 'em all!
4	Great concept and great results! The Chipotle of pizzas, except better - because only two things cost extra here: a change in crust (to wheat or gluten free) and dairy-free cheese. That's it. Otherwise, for essentially $10, you can get a pizza with any and all toppings they have. All included in the price. It's brilliant.The ingredients are quality and the staff is extremely friendly. Instantly a winner. You get to watch your pizza get created from scratch and baked in a brick oven. It comes out nice and toasty for you to consume immediately. The crust comes out pretty well done, and despite putting on a million ingredients, it actually doesn't look overloaded when all is said and done. I would know - I ordered one with literally everything.Honestly, there is much better pizza out there on the spectrum, but this is a quality pizza for a good price, at a (for me anyway) convenient location. Definitely worth stopping in for this, and the amazing selection and versatility that comes with it.
5	I *LOVE* this place!  The staff is always very friendly and the pizza is awesome.  I love that you can mix the sauces or do half n half on pizzas.  The toppings are fresh and tasty and the price is great.  Can't beat under $10 for a fresh pizza with whatever toppings you want on it.  I just wish there was one closer to work/home.....then again, I'd probably be 400 lbs cause I'd eat there all the time!
3	A good place for quick pizza that is far different from all the big name pizza places. The pies are a nice size and the combinations of toppings you could add to your pizza are endless.  Each visit could be a new adventure in toppings and flavors.The oven gave a nice crispiness to the crust. The restaurant itself was pretty boring as far as decor, but making good pizzas rather than having a fancy dining room is more the goal there at CBP.
4	4.5 stars!It was a pizza kind of night and I was like I wanted to try Custom Built Pizza for some dinner....so we did and it was great!Of course we had to get it to go as its easier that way so I wrote down what I wanted and off my husband went to pick it up.  It was a Saturday night and there was no line! They just took my post it note and made up my pizza (half Alfredo, half pesto with roasted chicken, Italian sausage, fresh mozzarella and artichokes!) My pizza was delicious although next time I might try to do Alfredo and pesto together and I want spinach on my pizza! I think it's a super cool concept and the fact that they don't charge you per topping rocks too! I do wish their crust was a lil thicker since I felt like my pizza toppings slid right off but it was still tasty.  My husband told me the pizza cooks really quickly which is good to know when they have a food rush. Definitely a huge bonus that they give LVAC members a discount! Will I be back?! Heck yes!
5	Custom built pizza with high quality, fresh ingredients, a decent price, what else could you ask for? Oh, and it tastes really really really good!
5	I can not say enough good things about this place. First off Maurice and Mo were super friendly,smiling,and explained all about the pizza making process. We tried 3 different pizzas since their lunch special has the pies priced at 6.95. We went with the buffalo chicken pizza which at first bite was an explosion of flavors. Perfect toppings!  Next was the Greek chicken sausage pie and loved the roasted garlic and spicy tomato sauce on it. Yummy!  The last was the one where we chose our toppings and it was fun creating and eating it. The pizza making possibilities are endless and we can't wait to come backFinally some good pizza in Vegas!!!!!!!
5	Custom Built Pizza = Very Happy Belly!We accidentally stumbled onto CBP when we were going to a different place in the area.  My hubby was set on the other place but when we saw the big lunch special sign out front, we had to investigate.  I mean ANY PIZZA for $6.95 would get anyone's attention I think (this special is Monday-Friday 11am-3pm.)  When I went in to grab a menu to check out, I was sold on pizza for lunch just from the smell of the place!  There was no eating a boring sandwich after smelling the delicious pizzas baking in the oven.I really liked the whole idea of this place as well.  It was like going to Subway where you walk down the line and point to the items you want on your pizza.  The choices are quite numerous and plentiful.  The toppings all looked super fresh and colorful.  There were several options for crusts, sauces, cheeses, veggies, and proteins.  There must be at least 1000 combos you can make, if not more.  They also have already designed pizzas, if the toppings are too overwhelming for you.  Since we were there for the lunch special time, we could actually get unlimited toppings, if we had chosen to do so.  Instead we went with a classic pepperoni pizza and a white pizza with extra mushrooms because everything is better with mushrooms!  Both were super tasty and had so much flavor.  The thin crust was crisp with a great crunch.  The cheese was ooey gooey and browned just perfectly.  The pepperoni was spicy and delish!The best thing was our pizzas were prepared, cooked, and boxed up in 5 minutes flat.    That is some awesome pizza service right there.  We very much enjoyed the pizzas and had nothing left over afterwards because we are pizza piggies.  I would give this place a solid 4 stars but the staff here totally pushes them to a 5 star rating.  Maurice was working the counter when I arrived.  He could tell I was new and slightly confused, especially since I was at the wrong end of the counter trying to order, so he took me under his wing and showed me the light.  He walked me through everything and was describing each step with the greatest of detail.  He spoke about the pizza as if it was his first born child!  His descriptions made you want the pizza right that second.   He totally made the experience amazing.  Both of our pizzas were works of art created by the one and only Maurice the Pizzaman!  Maurice alone makes CBP a 5 star joint!  Go Maurice!!!
5	My vegan friend turned us on to CBP. My husband is gluten free and we have a hard time finding food to eat that tastes good AND wont kill the wallet. Well, we found our place. We walked in and asked for a gluten free pizza. Everyone went out of their way to make sure the pizza crust was not near any flour, a new sauce was brought out as to not cross contaminate and over all awareness was displayed. My husbands food was treated like it was being prepared for a king. The pizza its self was amazing!! So good it was hard to tell it was gluten free. I cant wait to go again!!
3	This was my first visit for lunch.  They were located on S Grand Canyon Dr/Peace Way in Las Vegas.  They were a little difficult to find in the large shopping center.For $9.95 you can have an 11" pizza with unlimited toppings baked in a wood fired oven which is plenty for 2 people.  They also have a lunch special from Monday-Friday 11am-3pm for a one topping pizza and a fountain drink for $8.95.  They had 5 sauces, 5 cheeses, 7 meats, 8 veggies, and 9 toppers.  They also offer a  10% Military discount.I ordered and payed at the counter and the pizza was brought out to me within 10 minutes.  The crust was soft and chewy, but the pizza lacked flavor.  The slices of meat were thick.  I could only eat 3 slices and had to box up the rest.I don't know if I'll be back.
4	Great pizza and very friendly staff. We went there for the first time and they took the time to walk us through the pizza making process and to give suggestions. Definitely try the meatballs.
5	Thoroughly impressed with Custom Built Pizza...I originally thought all pizzas were custom built until I experienced CBP. You stand at the order station and pick your dough (I chose Whole Wheat), your sauce (crushed tomato) and all the toppings you want for one fixed price. It was like going to subway sandwich to make an order but for yummy, hot and crispy pizza. It was fun, delicious and the service was fantastic! This will be my new go-to pizza place since they serve whole wheat.Report Abuse
4	We came here on a Thursday..half off beer! I'm not a fan of Italian beer but since it was cheap, why not?The people here are friendly and chill. They didn't intimidate noobs like me and I didn't feel rushed trying to figure out what I want on my pizza. They have a lot of options for toppings, crust and sauces. When I was finally done watching the guys making pizza, I was ready. We got a white pizza with bacon and a create-your-own pizza with pesto sauce. In a few minutes, our pizzas were ready!Pesto Sauce Pizza:The crust was crisp, light and not bland. Pesto sauce was great and just how I want pesto to be. For my toppings, I chose Italian sausage, pepperoni, mozzarella and mushrooms. 4/5White Pizza:Chicken, Alfredo sauce, ricotta, mozzarella, onion, garlic, oregano and fresh basil. We added bacon to this. This was just yummy. Creamy ricotta, freshness from the basil, tender chicken pieces and not-so-overpowering flavors from the onion and garlic. 4/5Each pizza was less than $10 and could feed 1.5 people or 1 Cathy. Where you find your half a person is your own dilemma. We saved room for dessert.  I saw jars of Nutella so I had to have it. S'mores Pizza:Dessert pizza with a thin crust, Nutella and marshmallows. I've had dessert pizza with Nutella from another pizza place but they skimped out on Nutella. Custom Built slathers a good layer of Nutella, tops it with lots of marshmallows then puts the crust back in the oven. When it comes out, you get hot toasted, melted ooey-gooey goodness from the marshmallows and that delightful taste of chocolate and hazelnut. 5/5
5	Quality pizza with fresh toppings & great service ! I love coming here , I typically get the Margarita pizza & add roasted garlic ,but it's always great no matter what type of pizza you order....
2	I love the idea of a build your own pizza!! I added garlic, chicken, and pesto along with other toppings. I'm just confused why it had no flavor and was so bland. I was excited about this place when I heard of the concept but the taste is lacking big time. On a positive note the employees are very friendly, patient, and nice. I couldn't decide what to get and they did not rush me at all.
4	A log like a subway concept only good! Watch your pizza being made, you pick the toppings and the flash bake in a wood fired stone oven. Generous and Friendly. I had a group of 15 and we never felt under served or rushed.Could use some decorations.
4	This is a pretty cool little spot! If you haven't been here before, the staff will explain that it is basically a Subway but with pizza. They have a couple different doughs to choose from, including gluten free. The topping selection is pretty extensive and if you're not up for creating your own, they have a few pre-customized pizza options too.The pizzas are a small 8" size but can probably be shared depending on the amount of toppings you pick. My wife had a buffalo chicken and my son built a pepperoni, chicken and olive pizza. I also built my own with spicy diavola sauce, sausage, meatballs, onions and sun dried tomatoes topped with mozzarella strips. The flavors are awesome and they cook the pizzas almost perfectly. My only complaint was they were a tad stingy with the meats. I guess that's somewhat expected for the price. By the way, the price is great, most pizzas are just under $10 for unlimited toppings. They also run some good specials throughout the week. CBP is a solid pizza joint with good food, decent prices and the staff is friendly. We'll definitely come back!
3	I love me some pizza, and Las Vegas has no shortage of pizza joints.  Everywhere you go here, you're not far away from some Italian pie.  Pizza Hut on the left...pizza!  Little Caesar's on the right...pizza, pizza!  Grimaldi's down the street...pizza, pizza, pizza!  CPK across the street along with Sammy's next to it...pizzzzaaaaa.  Yes, we in America are infatuated with anything on baked dough.  Other countries only dream about having so much bread around!  When Custom Built Pizza came to be, I thought of it as a great concept.  It's like Subway, for pizza!  Build it how I want it!  My way!  Execution, ah, good but not great for me.For us, Custom Built Pizza is a bit out of our way since we live darn near across town from where this place is in the SW.  We made the trek because I purchased a few Groupons back then for what basically was a buy one get one free deal.  Value for sure.  Place is nice enough, room for small families, and can handle a nice lunch rush crowd.  We ended up going for dinner.  Each pizza averages about $9 each for an 8-inch personal pizza.  And each pizza can be loaded with any of the toppings that are available on the fixings line.  Wish I knew about their lunch special for $7, might have got more bang-for-the-buck on our Groupons.  Oh well.Custom Built Pizza starts just like a Subway or Chipotle type factory line restaurant.  So don't go in and just sit down waiting for a menu!  It's not like a regular pizza joint.  You choose your dough - usually regular, whole wheat, or gluten-free.  You choose your sauce - marinara, alfredo, pesto, BBQ, or their spicy diavolo.  They you choose your toppings - there's lots available; pepperoni, chicken, sausage, ham, lots of veggie, and different cheeses.  Last I remember the toppings were very fresh, veggies looked fresh sliced and cut.  After that, it's off to the oven for a quick cook!  Seriously, your pizza will be done usually in under 10 minutes since they are of the thin crust style.  Which I happen to like very much.Our family of four was on the table eating in less than 20 minutes.  The kids liked their pizzas, but who knows what they really tasted like because they threw almost half the list of ingredients on their pies!  Kids.  I thinks the entire process of building something of their own creation appealed to the Frankenstein in them.I on the other hand wasn't totally convinced.  My pizza was pretty good, and the toppings were excellent.  What I wasn't fond of was the crust.  As we all know, a great pizza is built on a foundation of crust.  Bad crust = Bad pizza.  I won't go so far as saying the crust was bad, it just wasn't what I was expecting.  It was a bit bland.  I'm thinking a bit of salt would have helped?  The crust on my pizza just didn't have much taste.  And I wished it was a bit more done too, I like seeing the little black parts on the bottom of my crust.  Totally adds to the taste and texture.  Good pizza, but for what you pay it should be a tad more refined I think.  Nothing that can't be adjusted.Another reason why I'm in the 3-star zone on Custom Built Pizza?  No Coca-Cola!  Pepsi!  Really, Coca-Cola just sounds better saying it in Italian!  But I understand with the soda wars now, getting a restaurant to choose a side comes down to what is a better deal.  Friendly folks working, and couldn't be more accommodating.  I even asked for arugula to be placed on my pizza AFTER baking and was met with no resistance.  I'm sure this place is very popular for the lunch crowd, and for the gym-goers at the LVAC right across the way for a post-workout meal.  I would go back if I was in the area, but not entirely sure if I would drive to Custom Built Pizza on a craving whim.  There's just so many other pizza joints near me!
5	This place is great. I love the quick service and fresh ingredients you can choose from. Crust is delicious and I noticed they have gluten free ones too! May try that next time.
5	This place is awesome!! Build your own pizza with tons of topping options to choose from. Then cooked in a wood fired stone oven. The pizza is the same price if you get one topping or ten, which I dig. The toppings ranged from normal to unique and the pizza was excellent! The decor is casual so its a good place to bring kids but I believe they serve wine and beer as well. The staff was really friendly and gave both of my kids an extra root beer in the bottle. We will be back for sure.
5	A Subway concept...but for pizza!I wish I could be more creative with my pizzas...but I'm not.  I'm a pepperoni and cheese kind of girl.  So when I tried Custom Built Pizza, I needed  little help...which the gentleman behind the counter kindly offered.I got a regular crust pizza with half spicy diavolo sauce and half garlic tomato sauce.  The spicy diavolo was pretty spicy...not cry your eyes out spicy, but like a 7 at a Thai or Indian restaurant spicy.  It was good!Pepperoni and mozarella were fresh.  I added pineapples for fun and that was good too.Next time I will try their pre-set pizzas instead of trying to make my own.  They look really good too.I will definitely return!
5	I had a very enjoyable experience here! The pizza is delicious yet very affordable, and you can be in and out within thirty minutes so it makes for a great quick meal. Service was great and the workers very friendly and excited to have us. I will definitely be returning!
5	Found this place via my Yelpers.  Hubby decided he wanted pizza.  We have totally different taste when it comes to pizza, so for us this was the perfect place to check out.  Although I was a little leary because of the last pizzeria place we tried!  I just wanted to know I was going to get some good pizza!  My husband said, com'on, live a little!  So as soon as we walked in, we were greeted.  I didn't get the guys name, but I know he's from Carolina.   He asked us if we had been here before.  We hadn't, so he explained how it all worked.  There are several different sauces!  I went for the spicy.  You can calm it down if you like, by having him mix it!  I didn't need that!  Then you get to choose your cheese! or several cheeses!  I did Mozzarella and another one.  Then they have the toppings!  I did a lot of toppings, they even have sun dried tomatoes and sauteed onions and a I think it was a fried eggplant!  I passed on the eggplant!  My 11 inch pizza was so heavy I had to use a fork, because all my toppings kept falling off.  I love this place and I love the concept! And it's only $10.00, 2 people can eat this pizza, and add a salad for $2.00 (I think)  Is a fabulous deal!  I don't mind driving 30 miles to get a good pizza!   We will be back!  Ohhhh, I forgot to tell you!  The guy for Carolina, washed his hands at least 3 times while he prepared just my pizza!  I thought that was awesome!
5	Still love it here!Went for a late B-day lunch. The lunch special (M-F $8.45 pizza and drink) is a steal in my opinion, especially since my pizza can easily cover lunch and dinner for me.I still really love the crust, and have not found a pizza place out here that I like any better. My usual is regular crust, regular tomato sauce mixed with the spicy sauce half and half, shredded mozzarella, mushrooms, olives, and pineapple. Super yummy. Just a tip though, if you try to eat it super hot out of the oven, all your toppings will fall right off the crust, give it a few minutes to cool down and they stick, lol, or like my husband does, refuse to wait and scoop all your toppings up after they slide off!
5	Awesome pizza and great friendly workers.
3	Service was fast and friendly, restaurant was clean and toppings were fresh.I tried the gluten free pizza crust with daiya cheese, house made meatballs, sausage, onions, and peppers. I was happy to have a gluten and dairy free option, it's great to see pizza joints offering this.My pizza was a bit bland, even with all the toppings.The gluten free crust is not bad, but it's no great either. I make better at home. It is thin, but they don't get it very crispy and it tastes like it needs some salt and a brushing of olive oil to give it some flavor. If they could season and pre-bake the crust to crisp it up it would be much better.The meatballs and sausage were very greasy. After baking, oil from them was running all over my pizza.Daiya cheese is awesome, but I wish they would put a bit more on there. Some parts of my pizza did not have any cheese at all.They charge extra for both the GF crust and daiya cheese. All the other toppings are included in the standard pizza price. I'm not sure what the rationale is behind this. You can load up a standard pizza with all kinds of meats and veggies, but if you want daiya cheese and just one or two toppings, it will cost you extra.The concept here is interesting, but I think it falls a bit short of the mark.
5	My first thought was that the pizzas were a little small for the price, but these are some yummy pizzas.We got a ham and pineapple on white crust, bbq chicken on honey wheat, white pizza, and a smores pizza.The bbq is delicious and my husband took a bite of the smores pizza and said it was worth every penny.  The kids ate a little bit of each pizza and seemed to enjoy it a lot.  I would definitely come back here and spend $9.45 on a smaller pizza rather than $10 on a large Pizza Hut pizza next time we want pizza for dinner.
4	My coworker has been wanting to try this place, so when I found myself in the neighborhood and craving pizza, I decided to give it a shot. Basically, it's like the Chipotle of Pizza. I really liked that you could pretty much put whatever you want on your pizza. I was greeted on arrival, but found the service a tiny bit slow, as there was only one (later 2) people making pizzas. My total came to just over $10 for a single pizza. I feel this is a good value. The ingredients were fresh, and the pizza was very good except for the fact the crust was soggy on the bottom. I'm sure this is fixable though. Overall, pretty good. I'm sure I'll be back.
4	Really enjoyed this place. I typically am not a fan of thin crust but this was delicious. And I put just about EVERYTHING on my pizza. No extra charge!!! :-D I was hesitant to ask for extra items because I didn't want a hidden fee. But there was none :-). Definitely worth an encore visit :-)
5	Custom Built is one of my favorite go-to places to eat!Quick, reasonably priced, custom pizzas that are tasty! Choose your own dough, sauce, cheese, and toppings. You just can't go wrong here! I frequent CB enough to know that both their service and food are always consistent.They've got comfy booths, and pizza-colored surroundings! Lol... Just try this place out for yourself!
5	Food was delicious! We got the white pizza and smores pizza.  Both were delicious.   I called to ask if they could accommodate two soccer teams that day and they obliged and saved all seating for us and added more tables and chairs.
5	I have been wanting to try this place since I heard about it on the radio...we had the lunch special, create your own pizza for $6.95...the staff was awesome and were excited to tell us the easiest way to order.  Our first pizza came out before were done with the third pizza...absolutely amazing!  We loved it!!! We mixed the pesto and white sauce...mmmmmm.  We will be back!
5	Doesn't get much better than this. This is real Vera Pizza Napoletana. The ingredients are top shelf, and the wood fired oven is the real deal. It cooks the pizza perfectly at 900 degrees, as is required for VPN style pizza. The prices are excellent, and the casual pizza parlor type atmosphere is nice. You would normally pay nearly twice as much to get this kind of pizza in Las Vegas from the other VPN style pizza places. If you want great VPN pizza without breaking the bank, this is the only place you need to visit in LV. One must understand that this pizza is the opposite of commercial pizza. This pizza is exactly how it is made in Naples, Italy. It is a very simple and delicate flavor starting with the dough that takes 24 hours to rise naturally, without chemicals. The dough is very light and has a subtle natural flavor. They use Caputo flour from Italy. The tomato sauce is simply crushed tomatoes with a little bit of seasoning. The mozzarella is fresh and delicious. They have dozens of toppings, but I would recommend the plain margherita so you can savor the flavors of simple ingredients. Loading it up with toppings completely masks the essential ingredients; dough, tomato, cheese.  Pizza was never meant to be a casserole, so try to enjoy the pizza for what it was meant to be.Lastly, you need to eat it hot out of the oven for the maximum enjoyment. I would not recommend this type of pizza for take out. It's very thin and cools very quickly. This place has truly duplicated genuine Italian wood fired pizza at its best.  Enjoy.
5	I am not crazy about pizza, but I really did love this place!!! Its a family owned spot from what I can tell which makes me like it a little bit more.I love that you can make your own pizza just how you like it and there are no hidden charges for each additional item you pick like most places. Their prices are set and the menu is simple, you get your dough and ask for what you want and how much of it you want. I loved it I would definitely go back!! I got a great pizza just how I wanted it and for only $10, and they even have wine by the glass or even the bottle what more can you as for??  The staff was friendly, its definitely a casual place great for kids and families that was a minor downer for me too many kids around but I can see why... other than that I would for sure go there when the crave kicks in for pizza!
2	Went here for lunch because the place came highly recommended. Well the place is nice, decorations are not over the top and the booths were comfy. Ordered a breakfast pizza. The girl behind the counter (she must have been new) asked how to make the pizza. No problem I'm all about team work, well her co worker tell her the menus right there. Ya jerk much? I wanted a good pizza but the poor girl is just looking around like help me. So finally I'm guessing the manger came to help her out. Got a Cesar salad along with my pizza. Well the pizza is ok, the crust is just lacking some flavor, and the ricotta cheese was just bland. Also the salads must be pre made early in the day because the croutons were SOGGY!!! One thing I hate, soft soggy croutons on a salad. Not fresh in my book. Customer service is a mere meh at best.  Pizza and salad well they did not wow me. Sorry I'd rather go to Sammy's and have better food and service.
4	Really great pizza. I loved the gluten free crust option AND dairy free cheese. You have no idea how hard it is to find this until you can't have the regular stuff anymore.My 2 year old had "cheese" pizza for the first time ever today. She was so happy, she ate half an 11" pizza herself. GF crust is an extra $2 & DF cheese is an extra $2.50, so in the end you're spending more than you would to make it yourself (by a lot), but the convenience factor is worth it.Staff is friendly, dining area is clean. I like that our pizza was made away from the regular flour as well.For 2 pizzas and 2 drinks we spend around $30. So basically no more or less than going out to eat anywhere else.We will be back!
4	The next best thing to come to fast casual.  Build your own pizza before your very eyes and it's ready in less than 10 minutes.  Go hungry and eat at the restaurant.  It's made fresh and meant to be eaten as such, not the same the second time around.
5	Bumping this up to 5 stars.  My second time here is almost 2 years after Custom Built opened, woops!  That shows you how often I go to the west side.  My friend Nicole B.'s birthday is Tuesday and she gets married next weekend, so I decided to chill with her while her husband-to-be had his bachelor party which included Eric R.'s presence.  NIcole B. wanted pizza - she was interested in trying something new.  I suggested Custom Built - she got the groupon and we walked around the North Premium Outlets for 3 hours in preparation for dinner!When we arrived, there was no wait which was great because we were starving.  I ordered the regular crust, spicy diavola sauce and a few dabs of pistachio pesto, ricotta, buffalo and shredded mozzarella...and then here comes the veggies!  Fresh tomatoes, artichokes, jalapenos, caramelized onions, eggplant...then I added chicken.  They added a fried egg on top after cooking the pizza, then I asked for the toppings that are added after the pizza is cooked: fresh spinach, basil, green onions, cilantro, and sundried tomatoes.  It was truly a work of art.  It was cut into 8 slices this time rather than 4 like when I first got here.  Nicole B. ordered the honey wheat crust for hers and she really liked it.  I got a Mexican coke and we ordered the s'mores pizza.  Since it was Nicole's birthday, it was "on the house"!  The staff here was SOOOOO nice!When our pizzas came out hot and delicious, I was so excited.  Mine held up.  I do like the thicker crust because it allows for tons of toppings.  At Project Pie the crust was thinner and fewer toppings were recommended because the crust got wet while cooking.  This is not the case here.  We polished off our entire pizzas (no easy feat, seriously) and then chatted for awhile before asking the staff to fire up our dessert.  When it arrived, our mini pizza was delivered smelling amazing.  It was smeared with nutella and marshmallows that had a nice brown color on top.  It was heavenly.  I really am impressed and am somewhat relieved this is on the other side of town or I may be eating here too often.  Luckily, we still have a groupon so hopefully Eric R. and I will be back soon!  However, this was great for a girls night out!
4	Staff: 5Food: 4Value: 3 (used groupon but have to go with menu pricing)Very cool concept, the groupon made it a great deal and the pizza was pretty good and done in no time at all. Definitely worth consideration if you are in a lunch time crunch and want some pizza.Went at around 3pm and both girls behind the counter were friendly, informative and helpful, allowing you to taste a couple ingredients you may be unfamiliar with beforehand and offering suggestions such as mixing the diablo sauce with regular sauce to put out the fire...great tip!I got one crazy pizza mixed with a ton of ingredients and one Margherita pizza to go. The sauce was good on the margherita but just not enough cheese...I know the cheese is the most expensive part of the pizza but if you are charging almost $9 menu price for a small margherita, I'd almost rather pay $12 and go to Settebello's for an insanely good margherita that's considerably larger...or with pizza hut and dominoes always at war with each other offering 50% discount online coupon codes you can get a dominoes artisan pizza for take out almost anytime for around $7...perhaps not quite as good, but more bang for your buck.If I didn't have the groupon, I would say $20 is a bit steep for two small pizzas. The pizza industry is insanely competitive these days and just to be in the restaurant business in Las Vegas to begin with, you better have something magical.If everyone is coming in with groupons and you have to give groupon 50% of the $7 they used to purchase it...just lower your price $1.50 and you'll have a lot of repeat business with an even better profit margin without having to rely on groupon.TIP: Text 24587 on your phone while you are there and a coupon pops up on your phone for a free soda with your order (Man, I'm killing these guys).I know I did some complaining on my 4 star review but the pizza was "good" and the service was great.2 Pizzas and a soda for $12 ($7 groupon +$5 extra) was a great deal for a good lunch, I'm just not sure I'd come back and pay full price.
4	Our first time here tonight. The staff was really friendly; the pizzas were yummy and only took a few minutes to bake. I love wood fired baked pizzas. They're very generous on the toppings(you customize/load up each pizza with as many/as much toppings as you like). The only minor issue I experienced with my pizza was it got a little soggy after my first slice (maybe because of the extra sauce?). Next time, I'll just get regular sauce or a request it to be baked a little longer.
5	My first experience with a totally customized pizza. I bought the Groupon special based on all the great reviews for this place, thinking I couldn't go wrong with a pizza I make myself - Loved it. This place has a great concept and very friendly, approachable staff. The chef asked if it was my first time ordering, and let his helper know, they both were exceptional people! I tend to be pretty shy about ordering food and especially so when I am at a place by myself, picking up dinner for me and my husband... No need to feel nervous entering here!I ordered the honey wheat dough with a 50/50 blend of tomato and bbq sauce for the base... Odd choice to experiment with but holy wow amazing taste! Toppings? With 27 fresh and tasty ones to build on your delicious platform, it's fun to choose. I got sweet caramelized onions, mushrooms, artichoke hearts, spinach, chicken, and a drizzle of olive oil... They have seven cheese choices and seven dough choices, too. So many flavor combination possibilities!I ate my whole pizza in one sitting because it was too tasty to ignore and place in my refrigerator.I will for sure go back to use my other Groupon for here very soon!
5	Hands down best pizza in town!!!!!!!!!
4	I had never heard of Custom Built Pizza even though they are across the street from the gym I go to regularly.I received an offer from Groupon and that was my introduction to Custom Built Pizza.My husband and I went on a Tuesday afternoon. It was not too busy and we were able to order from the extremely personable Chef Moe and enjoy some conversation with him. He listened carefully and made our pizzas right in front of us.I ordered a traditional crust with buffalo sauce, mozzarella cheese and Parmesan cheese topped with chicken. Moe covered the entire surface of my pizza with chicken! (see photo). My husband ordered a traditional crust with tomato sauce, mozzarella cheese and pepperoni.Moe put our pizzas into the oven, which has an actual little fire inside in the corner (as opposed to a gas oven), and thanked us for coming in.We moved down towards the register and selected drinks. There are bottled drinks and fountain drinks to choose from plus they have a liquor license with beer or wine.We sat ourselves and watched Moe continue to make pizzas for other guests.The dining area is spacious and very clean. The volume of the television was not too loud. It was easy to hold a conversation with the ambient sounds around us. When our pizzas were ready, Moe himself delivered them to our table. It took less than 10 minutes for these fresh, made to order pizzas to be delivered to us.The first bite of my pizza will always be my favorite. The flavors from the buffalo sauce and chicken blended perfectly. The pizza crust was nice and thick with a good crunch when bitten into. Just delicious!The pepperoni on my husband's pizza was thick cut and the tomato sauce was flavorful.Neither pizza was greasy or soggy and they were a perfect size for a hungry adult. I was barely able to finish the whole thing but I didn't want to bring just one piece home. That would have been a tease.The young lady from the cash register came over to check on us and asked if we needed anything.We were very satisfied with our meal and will absolutely return in the future. There were dessert option pizzas but we were too full to try them on this visit.I wish I had known about Custom Built Artisan Pizzas sooner but now that I have tried them, I will not forget them.Thank you, Moe! Looking forward to seeing you again soon!
5	Wow!!! Been here twice now. First time was my wife and myself, second time 7 of us in the family. Couldn't wait to show the others what we had found. For a total of 9 different , custom made pizzas. Every person said theirs was delicious. Perfectly cooked, just the right size for one person (maybe one slice too big!).
5	Two words; unlimited toppings.  Everything here is great.  I can't think of one negative thing to say.  Can't beat the price, quality, and quantity.
5	The prices are reasonable, the pizza is tasty, and staff is friendly. I've tried all three crusts: original, honey whole wheat, and gluten free. They're all tasty, but I'm excited to say gluten free is the best! It's $2 extra for GF, but well worth it. Try the greek chicken specialty pizza on gluten free dough... Mmmm... Homemade chicken sausage!
4	How can you go wrong with all you can pick toppings on a pizza?  We had a groupon which gave us $14 worth of food for $7, the only catch was we had to eat the pizza there.   They have several options for every part of your pie (crust, sauce, veg, meat, cheese).  I believe each pizza costs around $9 with cheaper options for cheese or 1 topping pizzas.  It would be a crime only getting one topping at this place.  You don't go to U-Swirl to get vanilla yogurt with a single cherry on top!  I ordered the regular crust with Buffalo sauce, probably won't get this sauce again as it is really just a hot sauce, but it would make for a create topping.  Spicy Diavoli (sp) is a better option.  Then I loaded up on 4 different cheese options before adding mushrooms and every meat they had besides meatballs.  (chicken, pepperoni, sausage, bacon, etc...)  The pizza takes 5 minutes or so to cook in their ovens.  The young woman making my pizza was super friendly as was the gentlemen in charge of shipping the pies in and out of the oven.  The pizza is of good size and most mortals probably would be looking for a box half way through.  They also have beer/wine/non-alcoholic beverage options.  2 pizzas and drinks with the Groupoon came to just under $10....great deal.The only slight suggestion for improvement that I would have is to somehow change their beverage area setup as to not have the door for behind the counter blocking the iced tea and lid section when open.  They also happened to be out of sun dried tomatoes on this particular visit.  Overall though a great place to pig out on a budget.
5	Tired of compromise? Fear no more, for CBP is here! Walk into a warm and inviting place, and no, this is NOT your ordinary pizza joint. Split a pizza with a loved one, or enjoy a 6-slicer personalized pizza all to yourself. Choose from a variety of sauces-meat and meatless for all you vegetarians put there, from different cheeses, veggies, and of course, meats. All for one low price of 9 and some change, unless you want special crust ($1-$3 more) or a real, sugar cane coke from the drink cooler. And of course, come back and try out new pizza combos, or, stick to the yummy usual :)
5	This place is just awesome.. You can't say you don't like your pizza, because it's made to order!  Fresh ingredients, 3 different types of crust. The employees are always smiling,  & very friendly... Absolutely love this place!!!
5	I'm a health freak and my husband knows that. So naturally I was surprised when he suggested we go to a pizza place. He said, "Trust me, it's different." seeing as how I trust him enough to let him go to strip clubs whenever he has to go to bachelor party, I thought I might as well trust him on this one.We entered the well lit, clean, welcoming place. We were greeted by a bubbly gal named Andrea. Since I'd never been there, she pointed me over to her colleague Stephen who would take care of us. Boy, did Stephen er Steven know his stuff! He explained to us that we get to custom build our own pizza and patiently answered all our questions on toppings. I ended up getting honey wheat crust with half plain marinara and half spicy red sauce (they explained to me they could do that after letting me try the hot sauce and it was too hot). I added mozzarella, artichokes, red onions, green onions, spinach, and cilantro. We sat down and waited only like 10 minutes for a freshly made pizza. It was sooo tasty! And our service was incredible. If you're the manager of this place, and you're reading this, you need to recognize these two! I though Steven had to be the manager!Overall great experience, well worth the price, and I can't think of anything I would change.
5	Great service, everyone was super nice. The food was really good and the price was amazingly cheap for the size of the pizza I got. I love that they have vegan cheese! If they had Gardien or Tofurky fake meats that would be the only thing to make it even better, for me at least. I will be back at least every week or so.
1	10 dirty fingernails At the recommendation of some friends we gave this place a shot. Please note that my review is not for the pizza because we hadn't even gotten that far in the process. Upon entering, we were greeted and instructed to file behind some other customers who had just placed their order. Assuming our place in this Subway'esq line, I eagerly watched a man begin forming a beautiful roll of pizza dough, into the flat palate ready to accept all the wonderful ingredients. As I was watching, I was paying close attention to his form as I've always wanted to hand toss a pizza in the air like you see in the movies. As I stared through the sneeze guard glass, i really focused on the mans hands kneading until I caught the terrible glimpse of his fingernails.People, this wasn't a single dirty nail. It was 8 fingers and two thumbs worth of "I dug my way to work" dirty. As if you played blackjack all night and the grim from the table felt accumulated in all your nails.We lasted 2 minutes in the place. Super bummed because I love pizza.
4	Eight inches of yummy personal pizza. Or eleven inches. Whoops, I forgot. But either way, it's the perfect size! As a pizza lover, I was shocked I couldn't finish the whole pizza.So you simply walk in, go to the opposite side of the cashier, and start building your pizza! Choose a crust & get your own party started. Pick a sauce(s), cheese(s) & topping(s). You can pretty much do half & half.. the friendly pizza maker assured me I'm the boss and who doesn't love being in charge right? Hah.I opted for Crushed Tomato Sauce, Asiago Cheese, Pineapple, Bacon and Sun Dried Tomatoes on Original Crust. The boyfriend chose Crushed Tomato Sauce, Mozzarella Cheese, Pepperoni, Tomato & Onion on Original Crust. I love the brick-ovenesque crust and toppings were tasty and they were generous with them as well. I loved the service. Very friendly people. One of the pizza makers/servers was a young kid too. I'm assuming it's the owner's son? Family-oriented place! Oh & price was pretty inexpensive-- about $10 or so? Depends really on what you get. But they have daily specials so just check them out.I will definitely be back. Already thinking of my future toppings. :)
5	All the toppings you want from one set price? Fantastic! And It's healthy!
5	I have been waiting for something like this to come Vegas! This spot is just proper and done right. If you like making your own personal pizza and gluten free. This is the spot!
4	So this place is a little far from me, however it was recommended because of my new gluten free lifestyle I have now had to endure. I must say though, their pizza is delicious. Even though the gluten free dough comes frozen it is still thin and crispy the way that I like it. But really it was not about the dough for me. Their options are incredible. I tried their pistachio pesto sauce and I just melted in my seat it was so tasty. I mixed it in with a little of their tomato sauce too and it just tasted like homemade sauce. So fresh. I also added chicken, olives, and I think one more thing but I am not sure at the moment. I am a pretty simple person when it comes to pizza. Their cheese options too, where just amazing. Of course what pizza joint doesn't have mozzarella, but here they also have Gorgonzola, asiago, and others. The staff was really nice, explaining the process to us. It was a good experience. The only qualm I have is that two 11" pizzas a water cup and a drink was almost $30 and I really have not decided if it is worth that. I would definitely say share a pizza with someone, but if you want your own then by all means. I will be back when I have the time to travel to that side of town again.
5	I love love love this pizza place. Pizza is my life source! If I had to choose a Last Supper it would be pizza and it would probably be from custom-built. Chipotle style choose your own toppings, sauce, etc. and they cook it for you in their super hot oven (like 800 degrees...that's the BEST way to make pizza!!). It's quick, delicious, and hits the spot every time. Definitely some of the best pizza in Vegas
5	seriously the best pizza in Vegas.   I'm in here at least once every two weeks (maybe more lol). I love this place and highly recommend it and they have great options for vegan and gluten free and you choose all your toppings, sauce, crust #yum
5	Nom. Nom. Nom. Awesome every time.  Great staff.  Friendly owner.  Love this place.  Went for the first time on a Groupon, now a frequent diner.
5	Loooove this place. Vegan and gf options for your pickiest family members and this family-run business even lets kids play with a little dough.Fun and delicious. Coming from an italian family, this pizza tastes RIGHT.
4	Pretty good! It was nice that this wasn't a sit down. Just order and then seat yourself. I ordered the white pizza. I was very sad that they didn't have the herb ricotta spread that it says it was supposed to have. Ricotta on a white pizza is like one of the key ingredients for a white pizza. The guy that made our pizzas made it seem like they never have the ricotta. Anyways got Alfredo sauce on it instead it was not the same but all and all good pizza. Well cooked and nice and I crisp!
5	My 1st time here was because of a Groupon. That got us in the door but the friendly staff, quick service & yummy pizza dough has gotten us back to Custom Built Pizza. There are specialty pizzas or you can build your own (think Subway or Chipotle). None of the toppings are an additional charge, even when you add something to the specialty pizzas. Our favorite pizza was created by accident, when we ordered the eggplant parm specialty but they were out so we had to settle for the sauteed eggplant. Yowsas!, it came out crispy & melty in my mouthy! The last time we went, we had the actual eggplant parm & it didn't hold a candle to the sauteed. A true testament to their fast, friendly service was when we went in right behind a childrens t-ball team & all their parents. It was chaotic but the 4 people working handled it like champs. They were frazzled but still greeted everyone, assured us we wouldn't have to wait long & did so with sincere smiles. It's also worth highlighting the dessert pizza... wait for it... s' mores! Nutella & marshmallows.
5	It's not that I'm 9 months pregnant that I was able to eat an entire pizza here, but that the pizza here is THAT good! First time trying it but will be back again (soon I hope)! Very clean place, very friendly guys helping us with how to order and very good pizza (had I mentioned that?). Many thumbs up CBP!!!
5	VEGAN- and GLUTEN-FREE-FRIENDLY!!! This place is GREAT!! The concept is much like Chipotle, except with pizza. You choose your crust (original, whole wheat, or gluten-free), pick your sauce (three different kinds of red sauce, pistachio pesto, alfredo, and bbq), then your toppings. I'm so pleased they offer vegan mozzarella cheese (Daiya, I think). She piled on tons of it and when it came out it was just perfect, gooey and stretchy. It's a little extra for the vegan cheese (and also for gluten-free crust) but it's so worth it for obvious reasons!! Costs just slightly more than a frozen vegan pizza from Whole Foods, but it's so much better - there's nothing like hot, fresh pizza right out of the oven!
5	I found Custom Built on my way home from my hair salon in the middle of a severe pizza craving. It's not anywhere near where I lived, so I made it a point to stop here every time I went back to the salon. The Subway of pizza ... and the quality isn't lacking.Pick your size, pick your crust, pick your cheese/toppings/extras/whatever the hell you want on the pizza. I admit, there may be a few of the "odd toppings" missing from the counter, but for the most part you'll find a variety of toppings you want and like. The pesto sauce is awesome, and you can split the pizza in half, if you prefer different sauces/combinations. Plenty of vegetarian/vegan options (win!), and definitely the same if you're feeling carnivorous. Prepared and cooked to perfection right in front of you. Service is friendly, and I've never waited more than 10 minutes (for a single pizza).
5	Custom Built is just up the road from my office and is one of my favorite lunch spots.  It's hard not to love good pizza and these guys have some of the best in Las Vegas.  Great crust and I love the concept of picking out my toppings and sauce.  I take friends here for lunch or dinner all the time and everyone thinks it's a great idea.   The owners should franchise this model and open them all over the country!
5	Best kept secret in Las Vegas for artisan style pizza!Tucked away in a shopping center across from Target, next time you are shopping stop in and order a pizza!!!You pick your crust, sauce, cheeses, veggies and meats. Great variety of options, so yummy.I ordered the diavolo (spicy tomato sauce, no joke), mozzarella, pepperoni, mushroom and jalapeno. So good. Couldn't finish it so ate leftovers the next day. The sauce was even better the next day.My husband created his own BBQ chicken pizza, fantastic as well.Great for kids as they can really get into creating their own pizza with all the toppings to choose from :) Staff super friendly and help with topping suggestions if you aren't sure what to get. Their specialty pizzas really good too.Help get the word out so that they make enough money to stay in business!!! Tell EVERYONE you know to try it out.
4	Good service, good pizza, and a good location!I do wish this place was a little closer to me since they have a $6.95 lunch special for a personal size pizza with anything on it. Great deal!Everyone working here was really cool!
5	If you don't like your pizza, you will have no one to blame but yourself! With two dough options, multiple sauces, and then soooo many toppings to choose from, you can go back again and again and never order the same thing twice. There's salad, desert, and wine to top it all off. It's super kid friendly and the employees are really nice and keep the restaurant clean. It's perfect for a quick lunch or a casual dinner. You'll never feel rushed out or in the way. Just a tasty and chill pizza joint.
5	Love this place!! I love that the pizza design your own at the same price. No up charging. S'mores pizza for dessert is a must!!! Fast, hot, and fresh!!
5	Probably my favorite pizza place in Vegas at the moment. Super fresh ingredients and reasonable prices. The pizza margherita with pepperoni is my go-to.
5	The best pizza in town and it's totally customizable. I love their dough, the crust is to die for!
5	Best custom pizza ever, super friendly staff, very clean awesome place to goto for lunch or dinner.
3	Food was good, but there are a bit pricey for pizza. I had the luxury of trying Pieology (a similar pizza concept) in California. I was hoping this place would be just as good as Pieology. It definitely wasn't... I would go back again, but definitely not routinely.
5	It is unfortunate that Custom Built Pizza will be closing by the end of the month. It is a great concept. You pick the toppings you want on your pizza and they build it right in front of you. Then they pop it in the oven and in a few minutes, you have a pizza, custom built to your preferences. The staff is very friendly and make you feel like family. We spoke briefly to the owner who expressed a desire to re-open at a new location. I hope he does.
5	Though I've been here 30 times, this is my first review. Ironically, they will be closing later this month. I'm sad because I love the concept of being able to build your own pizza. There are dough options, sauce options, 4 or 5 cheese choices, lots of fresh veggies, and fresh meats. You get what you want and how much you want. If you think they skimped on a topping, just request a little more and they'll oblige. The staff is super friendly as is the owner who is usually there. I'm hoping their plan to re-open at a different location succeeds because I will miss having pizza my way.
5	Still love pizza my way! Even the Las Vegas Review Journal wants you to check it out. No firm date has been set yet for CBP's closure so maybe there's hope. Tonight's pizza was good as always and the staff was upbeat and friendly. And there was  quite a crowd. CBP still gets five stars from me!
3	Regular pepperoni with basil was good. Liked they make it right in front of you. Crust maybe too thin. Gluten pizza pepperoni and basil was waste of money, pepperoni basil and edges were burnt and crust hard. Wouldn't get gluten free again. Hmmm..Idk if I'd go again. But it's not expensive and may be worth a try.
5	Fresh ingredients including fresh, smoked meats, great crust and great prices to boot. Heard that they were closing so I am going to try to go today before they do. Hopefully they re-open in a new location. One of my favorite pizza places in Vegas.
1	Went here - place closed. Looks like remodeling or ???? No sign. Tried calling ....oh well off to The Guys Pies!
4	Staff is awesome, pizza is pretty awesome and price is just right. I am so glad I found this gem. Nom!
1	This place is closed as of September 12'th 2014, sign on the door says they were closed by order of the Nevada courts. ??
