4	Las Palmas #2 is in front of the Oakland Las Palmas mexican market.  Not sure how long Las Palmas has been making tacos in front of this market (was told on Friday thru Sunday only).  Similar to the Brookline location, tacos made on the street in front of the market.  So YUM!  The Pitt students are loving it.  $2 taco with corn tortillas.  Appears to be the same selection of meats and salsa's and toppings as the original.  Ordered two tacos, a carne asada and  a pollo.  The carne asada was just coming off the grill and was delicious.  The pollo was in a warmer and was a little tough and probably in the warmer to long.  The salsa's are great!Las Palmas does have a facebook page.
5	This is the best authentic taco in pittsburgh, (palmas not necessarily only this location) the toppings bar is incredible, and the price is great. You know it's legit when a taco has two tortillas.Big containers of chopped cilantro, white onion, lime wedges, and gallons of salsa.
5	best place in Pittsburgh.  The outside taco stand is the best, can't even describe how sick it is.  Unreal.  The food in the grocery store is so cheap and the produce is really fresh and about a quarter of the price of Giant Eagle.  There is no reason not to eat at this place or shop there all the time.  I probably go about 4 times a week just for tacos (granted its only a 10 minute drive).   Tacos are 2 dollars each toppings are free (4-5 salsas, 3-4 hot sauces, guac, pickled radish, other stuff).  They are usually open from 1-9 daily from what I have seen.
4	Fairly similar to the other location in Brookline. Basically, what you have is a small Mexican grocery store with reasonably priced produce and other goods. Outside on the sidewalk, during select hours, they run a small taco cart with pork and beef options. Each taco consists of two corn tortillas with a generous helping of meat, and then you get to add your own toppings and salsas. No vegetarian options here, and nowhere to sit outside. Most people seem to just stand around on the sidewalk and eat.The tacos are cheap and authentic. It's definitely a hole in the wall experience, but quite tasty.
5	I'll keep this simple: FINALLY a good, authentic taco in this city. The carniceria and grocery is great too if you are accustomed to Latin American foodstuffs. The people are nice, prices are good, and the location has character.
5	As mexican as it gets around here! had an awesome experience eating off a sidewalk taco cart and squatting on someone's front steps in the middle of the night. options: pork, chicken, and beef. And a full condiment bar. real corn tortillas. Delicious. and at $2 a taco, as good as it gets.
5	Best tacos I've had in Pittsburgh!
5	Best tacos I've had in Pittsburgh so far. Although I'm biased towards these little "hole in the wall" type eateries, you really can't beat the taste or the price of Las Palmas. Up until a few weeks ago, I thought Reyna's in the Strip District was the best. But I gotta say, there's something about the corn tortillas that makes the taco taste so good. Like others have mentioned, it's just a little food stand run by nice people in front of a mexican grocery store. You can get pork, ground beef, steak, chicken, and chorizo followed by some toppings of your choice. I like onion, cilantro, guac, and one of their hot sauces. Ain't nothing fancy, but go for a taco and a jarritos soda, you won't be disappointed :)
5	After eating here I felt like I had hit the jackpot.  I had wanted so badly to try Las Palmas tacos but with the public bus service being what it is today Las Palmas in Brookline was out of my reach. The hour bus ride there and back I could not commit to. Then I found out there is  a location in Oakland and after class today I walked from Fifth Ave to Atwood to finally have my tacos!!! Las Palmas tacos are filled with 3 times as much meat then what I've been served at Taco Bell, Qdobe and Chipotle.  I am sending a warning to those cooperate chains you've got some competition in Las Palmas. I knew going into this the tacos would be big so I played it safe and got two. One chorizo and one steak and onions. The Chorizo may have been a tad dry but all is forgiven for the price of $2.00 dollars.
5	mmmm street tacos!!!!We came here to buy some groceries to make chicken tortilla soup and some quesadillas.  They have a good selection and all the produce looks pretty fresh.  Considering how small the space is, they sure did pack in a lot of inventory!!They take credit card, there's a reasonable amount of street parking, they carry all the standard supplies, the prices are reasonable, and did I mention the STREET TACOS :D!Seriously, the street tacos are yummmmy!!  They're definitely bigger portions than the typical street tacos, but I' won't complain :)  They didn't have my go-to Al Pastor meat, but their carnitas were really good!Definitely going to be making more trips to Las Palmas!
3	Took at walk here for lunch with a few of my co-workers.  I would have never found this place on my own.  Its off the beaten path.  I ordered 2 tacos, one beef and one chicken.  I liked the beef one, very flavorful.  Although I did get some gristle in it.  The chicken one was just meh.  I would not order that one again.  These tacos are more authentic that what you think of from most of the Tex-mex joints around here.  Served with 2 tortillas and a large portion of meat.  There is no cheese in traditional tacos so you won't find any shredded jack cheese here.  The things you can add are mainly just chunky salsas and sauces that you can cram your taco full.  This is a 'hunch' kind of meal.  No seats since its street food.  Just gotta find a spot to hunch over your food and try not to let the mess from your overly filled taco hit your shirt.  I will re-review again later and only get the beef next time.  I must have just had an unlucky taco since none of my co-workers seemed to get gristle in theirs.  I'll give it another go.
5	Not only do the tacos cost $2, but they are amazing. Four different kinds of meat. Huge fixin's bar. Two fresh corn tortillas. You can't go wrong!
5	Best tacos EVER (in Pittsburgh). $2 gives you a decent sized tacos made with two corn tortillas, your choice of meat (chorizo, pork, steak, beef tongue, etc.), and unlimited toppings. They have all different kinds of salsa ranging from super hot  habanero to not so hot tomato salsa. They also have guacamole, tomatoes, cilantro, onions, and more. Did I mention they are unlimited?The stand is right outside the Mexican convenience store. So if the habanero sauce is too hot for you, you can go in to get some Mexican coke. They also have these guava and other flavored drinks that are quite nice.
5	Although a market, their taco cart is a hidden gem in Oakland. My husband and I crave los Angeles tacos all the time and this is where we get our fix. Their tacos are amazing: ribeye and lengua are our favorites. Have some manzanita (Mexican Apple soda) with it and you're game.
5	$2 tacos cannot be beat!!!! they fill me up, and the condiments/toppings that they have on the side are awesome. plus the people who work there are so friendly! i love supporting this small local business.
5	AWESOME TACOS. Seriously. Best tacos in Oakland, for sure. And I love Chipotle. The tortillas fell apart, but they were still AWESOME.
5	Las Palmas is a religious taco experience. These are no gringo tacos. They are made fresh in front of you and you have plenty of salsa options (from mild to super-spicy), cilantro, and lime to heap on to craft the perfect little slice of taco heaven. I could probably eat these every day, particularly the ribeye taco. I probably shouldn't have written this review hungry as I can feel my mouth begin to water for them now.
5	BOMB DIGGITYThese tacos are the best I've found in Pittsburgh so far and easily the most authentic. I always order whatever meat they're currently grilling and have yet to be dissapointed. The bar of accoutrements is impressive and there's an aesthetic to stuffing a taco into your face in the middle of a dirty sidewalk while chugging a half liter of mango jarritos.
4	Best culinary experience in Pittsburgh for me...not that I have been to many Mexican restaurants. I ordered chorizo and chicken tacos..both delicious, although I wish I would've gotten another chorizo taco. On my next visit to Pitt, I must try the other options. Can't wait to go back!
4	This place is great! Coming from southern Orange County, CA I have been dying to find some decent street tacos! This place definitely fits the bill. For only $2 dollars a taco, it is well worth it. All the tacos are amazing, especially the potato taco. The ribeye taco is juicy and tender as well. With the large selection of salsas you can't go wrong. So so happy I finally found this place!
5	The tacos are scrumptious indeed.  I was also quite keen on their selection of sauces- everything from the pico de gallo to the salsa verde was smashing.But don't pass up the grocery itself! Their produce selection is cheap as chips (particularly in comparison to IGA); I purchased a mango, 4 limes, a grapefruit, a sack of onions, 3 avocados, and a tomato for approximately 10 dollars. Next time I pop in, I fully intend to sample some of their pastries- I do have a soft spot for conchas.
4	This is a duplicate review to the Brookline one since the only difference with this one is easier parking.P ossibly thing the miss most from living on the west coast is the abundance of taco trucks. This storefront taco stand is among the best I have had in Pittsburgh. Is it better than Reyna's Tacos (Strip)? Does it matter? Not really because depending on what part of town myself in I would take either.You know how taco stands work right? Pick your meat carnitas, chicken, or steak. Then choose your veggies. Simple right? Yes Simple!
5	OK!Here's the skinny. These are my favorite tacos in town. They provide you with two corn tortillas and your choice of meat and from there you have the ability to select toppings from the topping bar including: habenero sauce, red sauce, green sauce, an avacado sauce, pico de gayo, tomatoes, onions, cilantro and lime.  The meat changes daily and typical consists of ribeye, chicken, beef, chili pork or chorizo. There really isn't anywhere to eat, but you can always pop a squat on one of the many door stoops right there on Atwood Street. I've done it many times without any complaints so far. Just watch out for broken glass on the street!
4	To be clear, the food is 5 stars. Completely authentic, well seasoned, delicious tacos, served in two (count 'em, two!) corn tortillas. As a vegetarian (occasional pescetarian), I was skeptical of the vegetable/potato taco, but wow, was I wrong. No Tex-Med lettuce, cheddar cheese to screw up the perfect flavors. Only down-side, having to eat on someone else's front porch was less than ideal. It was cool finally finding the other latinos in the city, since 50% of the customers were clearly immigrant laborers having their weekend lunch out. I hadn't been able to use my Spanish since moving to Pittsburgh - problem solved! Don't worry, though, the two guys out front definitely speak English, too, it was just more fun for Carla and I to finally be able to speak Spanish somewhere. My only complaint - no fish tacos? I guess I'll have to go to Reyna's for that. But it's good to know I can grab a real (good) taco this close to work.
5	One of the few places with legitimate Mexican food in Pittsburgh!  And it comes from a taco truck!  If you're craving authentic Mexican food, this should hit the spot.
4	An awesome mexican grocery and taco stand. The tacos are $2 a piece, and there are about eight different fillings (including chicken, steak, and beef) as well as plenty of toppings such as pico de gallo and spicy salsas.Note, there is no private seating available, but hey, these are street tacos!
5	Possibly the BEST tacos I've ever had!! They double stacked their corn tortillas so the tacos will be less likely to break! Best filling ever! Choice of Steak/ground beef/Chicken/Chicken Fajitas with mix veg/Carnitas/shredded Beef!Tried all except ground beef..they were all to die for! The best part was they had a whole condiment stations where they had fresh tomatoes, onions, cilantro, mild salsa, habanero, spicy and hot salsa! It's hidden in the hood! Right outside of a Mexican convenient store! So a landmark in finding the place! The make it fresh right in front of u! And at $2 each, u can't go wrong!! I don't I will ever find anything better!!
5	These are the best tacos in Pittsburgh. My wife and I have been on a multiyear quest to locate the best tacos, and this is it. Search no further. You have to eat them on the street but that does not diminish their perfection. Las Palmas has another location in Brookline that is equally as good.
5	Five or six choices, from beef to chicken to vegetables.And they are all juicy and delicious! Add toppings like tomatoes and onions as MANY as you want! And there are also several sauces you can choose from, or just mix them into your unique favor.The quality/ price ratio is extremely high and definitely worth visiting!The only shortage might be that there are no seats that you can only take away or sit on the stairs.
5	One of the best tacos that I've had anywhere, regardless of price. Buy some chorizo tacos, load it with tomatillo salsa and pico de gallo, grab some jarritos from inside, and enjoy on your favorite Pittsburgh stoop.
5	I don't know why anyone would ever pass up a taco from Las Palmas for Chipotle. This taco stand is quite the gem. I think everyone else has covered the tacos so I will talk about the grocery store itself. Inside, they offer pastries, snacks, drinks (I thought it was interesting that they included aloe vera from Asia), a small aisle for produce, spices, the biggest cans of beans you will ever see, all sorts of hot sauces, coffee, cheese, and meats. They even have body soap. A few noteworthy things: - their green mangos (don't be put off by the color - they are delicious)- the slices flan and tres leches cake sitting in the fridge- the ROASTED coconut juice (it's that much better than regular coconut juice, which I hate)- they sell plantains! My biggest regret was neglecting the bucket of $1.50 tamales sitting unassumingly across from the checkout station. I was full from my two tacos so I didn't buy one, figuring they always sold them. I have been back twice and they have not been there. I am guessing that they make them on the weekends only and that they go fast. Learn from my mistakes.
5	Cheap, delicious and effortless. As a university student, getting my lunch dinner in $4 is a sweet deal.
5	I've been attending Pitt for 4 years now and nothing makes me feel more love for South Oakland than Las Palmas.The guys that work the taco stand are really nice guys. I get acknowledged any time I walk by. For $2 a taco, you can't beat it. I'll never look at taco Tuesday at Quedoba the same. Rib eye is def the best quality option for your money, but if u order chicken of chorizo your gonna get a taco very full of meat. I never have to order more than 3 and I'm always full.The avocado sauce(not sure of its real name) and pico goes on each of my tacos. Sometimes I use a small amount of the yellowish ghost pepper salsa but not always.Plus glass bottle Mexican Coke, pretty sure it's real sugar Coke and not high fructose corn syrup.
5	BEST TACOS IN PITTSBURGH!!  I love this place.  I work in Oakland and have visited this place on several occasions for lunch.  Just wish they had a seating area, because in Winter if I walk down there my tacos would be cold by the time I get back to my office and parking down there can be difficult.  But it is just a cart on the street in front of a Mexican mini market so I can't complain.  The workers don't always speak much English but you can just point to what meat you want and all the meats are so delicious.  They have varieties of ground beef, ribeye, two kinds of pork, and chicken, and a fajita mix.  One of the best features is their salsa bar which has many delicious salsas and fresh lime and cilantro that you can try all of if you would like.  It's extremely cheap but I think it is cash only.  Definitely a great deal.  I haven't seen any veggie or fish options, so this seems to be a place for meat lovers, and the meat portions are generous.
5	Gosh this place is good. Pay $2 per taco inside and get your tacos at the stand in front  of the grocery store. I'm full for $4. All the meats are good and there is so much variety. Chorizo, barbacoa, ribeye, beef tongue, chicken, vegi, ... etc. The salsa bar is also very fresh and delicious. There are 4 or 5 different types of hot salsas,  fresh salsa, salsa verde, cilantro, tomatoes, onions, and guacamole. Since this is actually a grocery store there is no where to sit. But they encourage you to stand around a eat, and quite a lot of people do. If you want the tacos to go, you can package up all of the salsas too.In the back of the store at the butcher, they even sell fresh chicharones. (They also have a variety of packaged ones). The one I got at the butcher was a piece bigger than my face!Not sure why the info says this place does not take credit cards, but I've used a credit card to pay for a total less than $2 before..
5	Oh my gosh yum. I thought I was going to leave hungry after getting "only" two chicken tacos - could not have been more wrong. The guys who run the stand heaped on the meat, and I heaped on veggies and salsa toppings. I was stuffed, and could not have been happier. This is easily the best authentic Mexican joint I've been to in Pittsburgh, bar none. Do yourself a favor and go - the price couldn't be better, and the food is SO good.FYI - if you do not like a lot of heat, DO NOT use the hot sauce in their topping bar! The orange sauce is SUPER FIERY!
5	These $2.5 tacos are honestly some of the best I've ever had. Lots of meat on freshly warmed corn tortillas. Pico de gallo and hot sauces to too them off. Watch out the light orange hot sauce is extremely spicy!!I got the carne asada with onions and the carnitas. The carnitas did have a few bits of grissle, but it didn't bother me.
5	If you like Mexican food, you must eat here. For $2, you get doubled up corn tortillas filled with any meat you want (they usually have 5 or 6 choices). The you can go to the topping bar and pick from an assortment of salsas. I really can't say enough about how amazing this place is. If you live in Oakland, you have no excuse not to walk over for some tacos! (or glass bottle sodas inside!)
5	Absolutely love this place! Best $2.50 tacos I've had in a long time =D Recommended the chicken tacos. I will be back before i know it.Extra tip....hard to find parking depending on the time of day.
5	my bf and I moved here from southern CA years ago and he stumbled upon this hidden gem in Oakland! love the market it has EVERYTHING! not to mention this food stand is AMAZING at $2/taco you can't beat it! there's a stand filled with plenty of condiments to choose from so PILE HIGH!
5	Las Palmas isn't just tacos, it's a way of life. That being said, this place is AMAZING. $2.50 per taco?! Endless toppings?! Mexican coke in glass bottles?! Get outta town! This place has it all! By far one of my favorite places to eat...ever. The chicken tacos and the BBQ beef are my go-tos along with their salsa, pico de gallo, and endless lemons! I can't say enough good things about this place. You just need to experience it to truly believe it!Just as a sidenote, the salsa at the toppings bar aren't labeled...do yourself a favor (if you're not into spicy salsas) and avoid the deep red salsa. Unless you're SUPER into spicy (trust me, I'm a lover of spice, but I couldn't handle this salsa!), I would steer clear. I tried it once and it literally made my mouth hurt. Other than that, everything is solid and delicious! I'm constantly craving them. It's gotten so bad that I think of the amount of money I have in terms of how many tacos I can purchase at Las Palmas. So give it a go! You won't be sorry.
2	I didn't like the much hyped tacos. Sure one taco for $1, but what are you putting in your stomach? Really really low quality of fried meat, salsa and guacamole. Street food is not always fun. Some people say, it's better than Chipotle and that 2 tacos at Las Palmas are sufficient for a meal. Really a meal or a snack? I am never able to finish chipotle's bowl in one go, there is always some leftover for another meal but 2 tacos were not enough for me. People eat up!  I would never be disappointed with Chipotle's portions and fine guacamole and mild salsa - such clean, fine and flavorful preparations. Most of the time I go for veg options as I love the free guacamole that comes with it at chipotle, as guac is so good. However, the guacamole at Las Palmas was diluted, looked unclean and tasted weird, same was with salsa. I am just glad I didn't fall sick. If this review was only for Tacos, I would give Las Palmas 1 star. They do have an impressive food store inside - all mexican brands.  I did like their dessert - lychee cheesecake (hence more stars) but not their collection of bottled salsa: it was unflavorful, tasted weird even though it looked all fine from outside.
5	Best Mexican food in Pittsburgh. That I've found anyways. Coming from Los Angeles, from time to time, I get a major craving for a good taco. Las Palmas has everything from chicken to beef to barbacoa and I'm probably missing some options. It's $2.50 for a taco. $2.50?!?!?! Do you realize how ridiculous that is??? You walk up to the grill on the sidewalk and tell them what kind of meat you want. They then take raw meat, slap it on the grill, cook it in front of you, and then hand it to you in a corn tortilla. You then have the option of slathering as many different toppings on the tacos as you please. I would say a meal is 2 tacos and they have really cool drinks inside to choose from. From coconut juice to various kinds of Mexican sodas.  As a student, I walked. And I can see it being a bit hard to find parking around there. Las Palmas is my little piece of Los Angeles. (Plus there's a great Mexican grocery store that has tons of stuff. I like to indulge in the sugar coated mangoes and papayas...)
5	I love tacos. I love cheap food. I love small family businesses. Las Palmas consists of all three of these loves...therefore I love Las Palmas. It's $2.50 for one taco, so $5 for two tacos filled with your choice of meat and unlimited toppings. And trust me, they are super generous with the meat and you can go crazy with the toppings, so just two tacos can make a pretty satisfying lunch. My favorite is the steak and onions taco. The meat is fully seasoned and the double tortilla is nice and warm. Be careful with the different salsa though because some can be extremely spicy. Double check the spice level before you slather on the salsa.  Overall, I highly recommend Las Palmas as a Mexican option for a mid afternoon snack or a quick lunch.
5	Fucking authentic to the 9's.  After being dragged to a variety of "Mexican" food places by various people here and being horrified by the so called "Mexican Food" and the disgustingly low quality salsa--I came across this place and now I can say that I. AM.  HAPPY.  I remember a few weeks I went into Mad Mex and asked for their spiciest salsa.  On a scale of 1 to 10, it was a 3.  :(Yinzers aren't much into spicy food.  Everything here is either bland or toned down to meet the boring tastes of the locals.  But Las Palmas--they are authentic.  You can tell by the Mexican music and the real Mexican people that work there.  Not a single gringo working there.  I got a drink and paid for a couple of tacos inside before walking back out to get my street food.  2.50 per taco, unlimited toppings at the salsa bar.  I asked the guy what the spiciest salsas were and he pointed me towards the orange (haberno) and red(some kind of hot pepper).  I slathered my tacos in the salsas, liberally applied pico, grabbed a few limes and a grilled pepper.  Then I walked down the road to enjoy my lunch.  What happened next was mouth blowing. I placed the taco in my mouth and took a bite.  Sheer pleasure.  After all the crappy Mexican food I've had here, this was a revelation.  The zing of the onions, the softness of the corn tortillas, the kick of the salsas.  I took another bite.  I was in heaven for a few seconds.   Until my mouth exploded in FIRE and went to straight to hell.  Holy Jesus!  If Satan made a salsa, the habenero would be it.  It was so sinful.  My face started to burn up and snot began to drip uncontrollably out my nostrils.  I must have looked like a disaster.  I polished off my first taco but had to pick at my second because I was hyperventilating like no ones business.  I downed my Jumex juice in a matter of seconds and then sprinted to the nearest store to buy a much needed bottle of water.  OMG OMG OMG.  So much pain and pleasure at the same time.  On a scale of 1 to 10, habenero salsa here is a 9.3.  Hopefully I do not diarreah later tonight.
5	If you're looking for delicious, authentic Mexican food in Oakland, look no further than Las Palmas.  Despite their inexpensiveness, the ingredients are fresh and plentiful.  For a mere $5, you get two tacos made of corn tortilla filled with the meat of your choice (or potatoes, if you're vegetarian), and access to a toppings bar brimming with pico de gallo, cilantro, and salsas of all spice levels that you can slather on your creation.I came here a couple months ago on a Friday with a friend when it was raining cats and dogs.  In spite of the rain, it became clear within half a block of here that the guys who work here were grilling up goodness.  I ordered the chicken and the pork (carnitas?), and put pico, green salsa, and guac on mine.  The guys who work the grill kindly gave me a bag to help us carry our tacos and shield them from the rain.  The chicken was delicious--tender and moist--and the guac was thick and creamy, and the tortilla shell added a nice crisp crunch.  The pork was a little salty, but was still good.  I washed it down with a bottle of pineapple Jarritos, whose sweetness served as a foil for the savory goodness of the tacos.  They were so good, there were no words exchanged between my friend and I as we greedily gobbled them up.  You know you're onto something delicious when conversation takes a backseat to savoring.If you're hungry for authentic Mexican goodness, it awaits you past Chipotle and Qdoba a couple of blocks down Atwood.  Go ahead, walk those extra couple of blocks--it'll help you burn off some calories, and your stomach will thank you.
1	Texas has a chain of gas stations that sells Mexican food - kind of like a crappy version of Sheetz. It's called Stripes. You can get corn tortillas overflowing with a variety of dry, tasteless meats, all either grilled or stewed. And there is always a condiment bar, full of salsas, cilantro, tomatoes and onion. Imagine my surprise to stumble upon such shitty Mexican food on Atwood Street! Dry, chewy, tasteless meats have those Pittsburgh college students all a-flutter. Next time you kids Spring Break in South Padre make sure to gas up at Stripes. You might be the only one dining there (the Mexicans are at Chipotle eating inauthentic College Station burritos) but you're be sure to enjoy it!
5	The pork and pineapple taco with avocado sauce and Pico de Gallo is quite possibly the most amazing, orgasmic food to ever have graced the sad, littered streets of South Oakland. There is a certain charm to the sketchy looking exterior of Las Palmas, and the inside also doesn't disappoint. The unbelievable selection of Mexican sodas and the authentic vegetables and pastries brings new meaning to the phrase "dive." Go. Yep, I said it, walk on into that shady Mexican grocery store and say "2 tacos please." Then walk your butt right out and live the the taco-induced fantasy that is Las Palmas.
5	Look, I don't care what people say: this place is awesome. Am I biased for being Latino? Definitely. But this is good cheap food. Comparing this place to Qdoba, Chipotle, etc. is not fair. Because comparing the street food from any country versus an Americanized joint is unfair because it is not the same -nor it tries to be-. Not saying the competition is not good, just saying the style is different. The food is cheap (about two dollars per taco) made in front of you in the street. No sitting, just street food -may be that is why it is so cheap?-My favorites are tongue and rajas (potatoes, cream, and chiles which is a vegetarian option). They also make tamales, which are not necessarily the best tamales in the world but they are the standard tamales you find in any Latino grocery store.The meat section at the back certainly caters the Latino community -or those interested- as the cuts you find are the ones we constantly use, especially in Mexican cuisine.Other than that it is a small grocery store that has products from Latin america. COMMENT: they have fresh baked goods (pan dulce).
5	This place has legit street tacos. It's very similar to the stand in front of Reyna's. It is a small stand in front of a Mexican grocery. They have 6 different meats to choose from. We had the pulled pork, the chorizo, and the Carne Asada. All were excellent. They have a toppings bar with the usual street taco fare- fresh onions, cilantro, and 6 different salsas and pico. One of the salsa's had pomplano and was very tasty. If in Oakland on weekends, do yourself a favor and hit this stand.  Only open on weekends. FYI- They don't have any seating. Most of the clientele are locals like me who walk home to eat. But there are always a few apartments on Atwood for rent with steps out front that you can sit real quick and eat on the steps. No one bothers you. It's a laid- back, college vibe in this area. Cash only. Prices: $2.50/ taco but when you see the size of them you will understand. Parking tip: if Atwood has no parking, try one street over (Meyran) or York St.
4	Best tacos I've had in Pittsburgh and well worth the price!! Such a fan. The toppings bar is also great. You can put whatever you want on it. Only downside is that you have to sit and eat them on someone else's door steps.
4	Best tacos in the Burgh; bar none! I'll stand in line in the rain or snow - it's worth it. 4 stars is only because the line inside is preposterously slow, and occasionally unfriendly.
4	The BEST authentic Mexican food that I have found so far in Pittsburgh. They bumped the price of the tacos up from $2 to $2.50,  but it's well worth the extra .50. The staff has never been anything but friendly both inside and outside the store and they are willing to help with any questions you might have. For $5 you can get two filling tacos with a variety of meat choices including steak, shredded pork, chorizo, chicken, and ground beef. Be sure to ask for the freshly grilled corn tortillas to avoid any of the older tougher ones (which has only happened to me once). There is a toppings bar off to the side where you can pick from several standard toppings, which include: 3 types of salsa (I advise avoiding the deep red unless you chew on habanero peppers on a daily basis), guacamole, tomatoes, cilantro, lime, etc. There can be a short wait which can be avoided by not going between 12-2PM on the weekdays. Inside they sell great Mexican sodas and snacks. I would recommend eating the tacos immediately so that the yummy sauces don't make the tortilla soggy, but if you can't I've had them put the meat on the side of the tortillas so that I can eat it when I get home without worrying. No matter what time I go it's always worth the wait!
5	If you're looking for a good authentic taco, look no further! This place was delicious. The steak tacos and shredded beef are great! They have a little topping bar set up with many choices of salsas and toppings. We had never been here before and it was a little confusing So for all you first timers, you go inside the store and pay, then you give the grill guy your ticket. The only sucky thing is there really is nowhere to sit. But when the food is this good, they can get away with it. Only 2.50 a taco. We each got 3 tacos and we were full, can't beat it!
5	Delicious, good fast food at a great value!Fresh street tacos with a variety of meats (or potato), corn tortillas and DIY toppings bar with fresh salsas, guacamole, tomato, onions and cilantro all for one low price.A generous portion of meat and toppings made me full from two tacos.No seating is available but tacos can be put in a to go box and enjoyed in Schenley Plaza which is only an 8 minute walk away.Lots of Mexican beverages are available in the grocery store that the taco stand belongs to.
5	Hands down BEST tacos in Pittsburgh. Great fresh toppings, cheap and fast. If you love tacos and have never been here....go now !
5	Fantastic tacos with meat fresh off the grill for 2.50 a piece. My favorite tacos to date. It's fun eating them while just loitering around the outdoor grill. Also, it is attached to a lovely little Mexican grocery. Try out some of the candies in the back of the store: I recommend the chilli-covered mangos, prunes, or tamarinds!
4	Good value for on-the-go option. I just tried the beef one and I don't think it's their specialty. Other stuff would be better.
5	Outstanding tacos. Right on the street, very casual street food. Nothing fancy, pay inside and pick up outside. Delicious choices and you can fill up for 7 bucks. Try the avocado sauce, and selection of freshly diced tomatoes, onions, cilantro, and top it off with some fresh homemade salsa pico. Definitely stands as the some of the best carnitas I've ever had, and I'm from Southern California! I know my Mexican.
5	Your token hole in the wall street food Mexican taco stand.  This place has cheap ($2 per taco!), authentic, soft corn tortillas with your choice of different meats which vary from steak, ground beef, chorizo, chicken, veggie, lengua.  Once you have your taco, there's an array of different sauces, cilantro, onion, and salsa that you can add to your taco.  The orange sauce was wayyyy beyond my spice tolerance, but I love drenching my tacos in the other sauces.
5	Without question, these are the best tacos you can buy in Pittsburgh. There is no substitute. I wish we had a real taqueria in town, but we don't. If we did, this is what the food would taste like... I'll stand in the snow or the pouring rain to eat it. It's that good.
4	Got the fish tacos and can't even describe how amazing they were. So fresh and flavorful. Beans were ok and same with the rice. But honestly those fish tacos were amazing I would donate an organ for them
