4	We love dunkin. Having breakfast with my youngest before school. The sandwiches are very good
1	Wow. I'm not sure who's running this place but PLEASE GET NEW MANAGEMENT. My daughter and I go for donuts once a week like clockwork (sometimes more often but we have a designated day and go before school starts).  In the past SEVEN visits, our order has been wrong FIVE times.  And there is yet to be an "oh, my apologies"...nothing. If anything, it was a bother to have to correct the order. And for the love of God, don't ask anyone to count proper change or correct an error pertaining to what you've been charged.  It won't happen. It took three of these bumbling idiots fumbling around with the cash register because they were unable to do simple math. And I you go through the drive thru, expect your donuts to be thrown into a bag with half of the icing stuck to the inside of the bag and the other smashed or flattened because they should've been in a box to begin with. I'll make the drive to the Dunkin located inside of Cobblestone. The staff there is fantastic!  Take note Dunkin on Riggs!
2	Asked for a large iced coffee with caramel and soy milk. Pretty soon I hear the one guy ask the other one how much soy to add to a large. The other one shrugs, comes over, takes the soy and dumps what's left of the container in the cup of ice. It was quite literally a splash. Hands it back to the first guy and goes back to the drive-thru window. First guy adds the caramel and then fills the rest with coffee and hands it to me. I figured I'd give it a try first and woah- very bitter. I ask the drive-thru guy for more soy and he doesn't say a word, just goes to the back to get a new carton, pours more soy in, and then goes back to the window. Not as bad as the Chandler/I-10 location but not nearly as good as Alma School/Germann. Would be nice if training and customer service were more consistent.
1	The girl in the window every time I go is terrible!! Tried to charge me twice while I was waiting then finally asked what I ordered again (iced coffee) then I watch her make my drink and it was literally ALL cream and no coffee. And she's made it this way every time despite me saying light on the cream from the beginning. Absolutely no customer service here. Not like you'd get at Starbucks, I might just pay the extra for my coffee
4	Friendly staff, and convenient location with drive through.  I usually go for coffee, but the bagels are very good.  Feels like a real home town Dunkin'
