5	WOW. This place was SOOOOO needed in the South Side, especially with all of the new development that has been going on. Located in the former Mill Site Tavern building, LeBrew house is part bar, part restaurant, all mellow, chill out kinda dining! The bar area has a few plasma TVs for sports fans, and the dining room is HUGE with eclectic artwork and photography on the walls (some of which is available for purchase). It does not "try to hard" to be too upscale or highbrow-- it's just comfy but sophisticated at the same time. A big group of us went for brunch (about 8 peeps) and they set up an area for us right in the center of the dining area. There is a loft area above (not quite open to the public, but brightly painted and neat to look up at because the ceilings are so high!) also outdoor seating. The servers are super friendly and attentive. I HIGHLY recommend the Greek Coffee, which is a strong, espresso style brew with a bit of steamed milk and sugar (they make it for you but will prepare it without at your request)-- European style. Amazing and smooth. You have to wait a bit for it, because the brew process takes slightly longer, but GOOD things come to those who wait!! All of us pretty much ordered breakfast type stuff, but the menu as a lot of yummy looking burgers and salads on it as well. They are planning on expanding the menu, but all of your go-to comfort staples are on there now (for you carnivores, the Mika Burger is bacon and eggs ON a burger, a lovely marriage of breakfast and lunch!) I ordered the veggie omelet with cheddar cheese and home fries + fruit. SO yum-- cheesiness galore with perfectly cooked slides potatoes and caramelized onions-- and a generous bowl of bright orange slices. I seriously felt like I was back home and my mom was cooking for me. Awesome. This place also seems like a good spot to go for a beer with your laptop in the middle of the afternoon. They have free wi-fi and a pretty nice beer selection (GUINNESS on tap also-- yes!) I see this place picking up and doing really well. The mix of people in there ranged from a young family of 4, bikers from the Bike Pittsburgh event and hungry hipsters. The owner is also super nice and came out to make sure that our meals were OK. Check it out!!!
5	Home sweet homeThe name may not be Cheers but the atmosphere definitely is reminiscent of what was embodied in the long running sitcom. Being a lifelong man about the burgh and having frequented many of the neighborhood taverns that constitute what is supremely unique to the burgh , I can honestly say that I have never crossed the welcome mat of a place or met an ownership or staff, that works harder and expresses more sincerity in making the guest feel both welcome and at home.This is the kind of place that truly understands what customer service is all about and they go out of their way to cater to their customer's needs. There is a real warm genuine atmosphere to the place that allows the customers to leave their cares and the anxieties of the day at the door and enjoy themselves freely in the company of old and new found friends. Best of all, if they do not have it they will get it for you. What more could anyone want from an establishment? It is truly the kind of place you want to succeed so you will always have a place to come back to. I know I will be back soon and often.~by RayDecember 28th, 2011
4	met a group of friends there; enjoyed some real good sandwiches and cold beers!  Had a nice jazz trio there and plenty of opportunity to talk, listen to the music, enjoy each others company.  We'll definately return.
3	I've been to Le Brew House twice, and unfortunately, with the other options in the area, I'm going to need some more convincing before adding Le Brew House to our list of convenient go-to restaurants by our house.Is it bad? Not at all. Is it good? Well, I'll just say that it has potential. The first time we went was on a Friday. They had a great deal on Newcastle ($2.50/bottle), which I thought would bring me in more often. The sandwich I had that night was decent, and the mixed drinks we had were pretty good as well. They also had a live jazz band playing, which, for me, was a great addition to a local place! The only issue was that because of all of the brick walls and hardwood flooring, the music was way too loud for the size of the establishment and could've really used something to mute the sound a bit. Although the place is nicely reworked on the inside, that's the one major flaw. For live music, they need to adjust the interior of the restaurant to handle the sound a little better. Regardless, we were there for a quick bite, and it wasn't bad.The second time we went, we had a big group, and everyone just got a drink and some apps. Unfortunately, most of the apps just weren't very good. We ordered fries and we didn't even eat them, the chicken tenders were okay, but the ranch/blue cheese sauces that came out in pre-portioned plastic cups tasted sub-par, and the mild buffalo sauce used on the tenders was a lot hotter than expected (the spiciness is more of a heads up than a complaint, btw). It was definitely a disappointing trip that time.There are a few saving graces, though. The service was great both times. Granted, it wasn't busy either time, so I can't vouch for the speed and service when it's a little more crowded, but the two times we've been there left me with nothing but compliments for the service. The drink prices were fair, the mixed drinks are pretty good, and they had a decent small assortment of beers on tap. On top of that, they get pretty good bands to play there, so there's a lot of potential. For me, they just need to modify the inside a little to account for the noise level. It's just too loud with or without a band. It looks nice, but that's the price they pay for hard flooring and exposed brick. If the food improves this place will be a great little find in higher end of Carson St., but for now, it's still hit-or-miss.
3	If I were reviewing only the food, this would be 4-5 star review. We started with the potato skins which were some of the best I've ever had in a restaurant. I hate when baked potatoes are under cooked, but these were perfect. The burger was great too, lots of flavor, not too greasy, and obviously a hand-made patty. Our server was great too. She was friendly, helpful, quick and really nice. I enjoyed talking to her and don't have one complaint. However, the kitchen has some kinks to work out. For an appetizer and burgers, it took a really long time to get our food. at least 30 minutes for the skins and another 20 for the burgers, and it wasn't even crowded. In fact the place was practically empty at the time. Also- I order the Shoestring onion burger (it's called something like that) that was supposed to have fried onion strings, mushrooms and provolone. What I got was  burger with fried onions and cheddar cheese. I didn't complain because I was starving and just wanted to eat and it tasted fine, but it wasn't what I ordered. In fact that combination wasn't even on the menu so I have no idea why that's what I got.
1	This place is downright AWFUL. Went here on a Saturday morning for brunch. Only two other small groups were in the restaurant when we went, yet the service was still terrible. The waitress had an injured leg, yet management still thought it was smart to seat a group upstairs. Due to her struggling around the restaurant it caused our service to be slow. We all (3 of us) ordered bloody mary's. When they didn't come for twenty minutes I went to check and they had been sitting on the bar the while time. When we finally got them (anther ten minutes had gone by) they were watered down and tasteless. This was potentially the WORST bloody Mary I have ever had in my life. The food was not good either. It wasn't terrible but it was extremely sub-par. All ordered omelets. Supposedly comes with toast and jelly. No jelly was given until we asked. Came with home fries which were nothing more than a cut up potato warmed up. Overall, I would never eat or drink here again. Unfortunate too because it could be a cool local spot.
