5	The food was FANTASTIC!!When we first saw the dishes that wer ordered, all we said was "Wow". We felt like we were in a fine dining restaurant. It was sooooo delicious, beautiful and affordable. The atmosphere was cool, too. I will definitely come back soon!
3	The place is cool with white and black furniture inside. The music is awesome because I like house music. Drinks for happy hour were $ 2-4.We ordered the sampler platter and the best was the beef skewer.I would definitely come back for music but not the food.
4	$2 drink happy hour which includes some pretty decent mix drinks. My favorite of the three is the big stick. It taste just like the big stick frozen dessert. I also tried the sky berry lemonade which tasted like koolaid. Will have to revert back to the big stick. They have the typical bar food which is decently priced. We are here on a Friday night at 9:30ish and is not so busy. They play house music and have a table to play beer pong.We also ordered the coconut shrimp and they were really tasty.  They are U-15 Black Tiger shrimps, lightly coated with coconut, served with a spicy peach marmalade.  It also came with an apple coleslaw.  Price for this appetizer (3 Shrimps total), is $7.  Kind of pricey, but big taste.
5	Great food, music, and atmosphere. A hidden gem in vegas away from the strip. I will definitely return
5	I have been here before and after its revamping, and it most definitely meets my tri fecta in standars.  It has great food, good ambiance, and great prices.  Along side a great staff that's attentive and helpful with helping you pick what you want to drink and eat, there is also plenty of parking for your party.  I especially loved their themed nights throughout the week where they host playing house to 90's favorites.  Upon entrance you will see how urbanized and noticeably chic Remixx is by their sleek furniture and lighting.  I absolutely love the over-sized projector and their comfy couch chairs. If living in Vegas, I would be here every night trying out their different appetizers and specials. An added bonus is they make sure to put on the game or put on the fight if you're a sports person! A great spot for dinner and drinks to meet with friends after work or happy hour with the co-workers. I would recommend this to locals who want great bar food/music and company but don't want to pay the high prices for Vegas ambiance.
5	I returned to remiix and the food was even more amazing that I remember than the first time. I had Steak and frites and it was delicious. I love the chimy churry!!! Fantastic meal and great value. Will be back with my new friends soon!!
2	Right when I entered, the bartender greeted us and ask us to choose a table or bar. The place was pretty decent size and it was very dark inside. With the heat ugh not good. It was so hot inside there. Very uncomfortable. The bartender was very nice though. They had a happy house menu at the bar.  I tried the BBQ pulled pork sliders. It was came with 2 pork sliders and taro chips. It was very good. 3.5/5 . I also tried the Carne Asada wontons 3/5. This place seem like there potential. An A/C would be a start.
5	This place is great!! The food rocks the service is perfect!! U have to try it, happy hr til 9 pm
3	We really enjoyed it! Super nice service and great food. Will come with some friends and sing karaoke. The kimchi is prepared here and is fantastic. Loved the house sauce that came with the popcorn chicken.We went back and it was not the same taste, it took 30 min to get our food! There was no beer on draft, and the waitress was inexperienced. Will not go back.
5	This place is the bomb 4 dollar rolls cant beat that anywhere. Everything on the menu sounds goid must try all.
4	My friends and I came here for a birthday. We had the best service and time. We loved it. chelsea!!!!!!!!!! Was amazing!!!!!
5	Best service ever! Make sure you ask for Chelsea.
5	Wonderful awesome atmosphere hip place excellent food great prices$$. Best spot in town for late night 2 on weekdays 3 in weekend. When I want fast delicious food I make togo orders. Cant beat the portion size and the prices.
5	This place is a hidden gem! Great food. Great staff. Great atmosphere. A place everyone needs to know about. Chicken bulgogi tacos are on point and the street style corn is a must!! Sit at the bar or booths. Bartenders make this place! If your looking for dinner or late night grub you can't go wrong with this place.
3	Came here on a Sunday night & my boyfriend & I were literally the only customers. This is a korean infused bar and restaurant. I had to give this place an "okay" rating because of the delivery. Although it was a nice looking interior & great food presentation.. The taste & professionalism were not there. The food wasnt bad nor did it live up to the hype. Decent pricing & nice people. However, pajamas and no smiles werent appealing or professional. One day I'll come back though. Hope to taste & see improvements.
5	I love this place! Everything on the menu is good, love the ambiance and their customer service is the best! I've been here multiple times and I always leave satisfied! I highly recommend this place!I love their version of 'elote' which is the street style corn, its got all the awesomeness without the mess. Their signature cocktails are made to perfection! You cant go wrong with any of them.
5	The best Korean food I've found in Las Vegas. This is a family operated business, and you can feel how passionate they are from the food they put out and the way they take care of patrons.Their menu is a mix of traditional and contemporary Korean cuisine. Both styles they execute perfectly. They have a true sense of pride in everything they put out. They go the extra mile and make all their own side dishes and soy sauce.Do yourself a favour and go there, get a drink, order a couple things. You won't regret it.
5	I love this place!! It's actually next to my favorite bar in Vegas as well so it's perfect for me.Oh yeah, let's talk about Remiix.This is what Korean fusion is supposed to be. I have tried Komex awhile back since people raved about it, I was severely disappointed. But Remiix is where I go for my bulgogi burritos, and of course the spicy tuna rolls.I keep trying new things on the menu and it's always good. The staff is friendly and I love the atmosphere. As I'm tying this review in the restaurant, they are playing Journey. It's a pretty nifty looking place and I dig the food. I have given up on being super descriptive a long time ago, so if you are in the mood for some unique dishes and flavors, check it out
5	This is a really really really awesome Korean/Japanese fusion place. Favorites are the Bulgogi beef burritos, which are really good sizes it has kimchi fried rice inside and like some sort of fresh salad which totally binds the whole burrito together. The Bulgogi beef tacos have some of the same ingredients minus the fried rice. These are both under $10. The spicy tuna roll is sooo good $3.99! Unbelievable. I like Remiix more than Soyo, more than Jun's, more than any other Korean place that isn't bbq. Oh I don't have a picture but the Korean pancakes with like the chives here are pizza size :)
5	Wonderful restaurant/bar with creative food and top-notch service. It was completely dead when we went in, which surprised me, but it WAS the day after Memorial Day. The lovely Japanese girl took very good care of us! I was craving nigiri and, though it isn't on the menu, she informed me that they could do it, no problem! My boyfriend is super picky and she was way too understanding (more so than me lol) and tried to help him.OK so the spicy crab mussels...OMG amazing. Just an orgasm in your mouth. The nigiri was great, too; very fresh fish and especially for not having it on the menu. The sushi rice was falling apart a bit, but no biggie. OH I also got a spicy tuna hand roll which was huge and bursting with deliciousness. They have so many other great-looking things on the menu that I want to try next time; Korean stuff, etc. Oh and they have great American stuff, too, like fries and quesadillas. Wow! AND they are open until 2am! What a win!
5	Great place!  Went in around midnight on a Friday and it was nearly empty, which worried me a little bit.  Sat at the bar and ordered the dragon roll and the spicy pork tacos.  Everything was fantastic!  Great service and a cool looking restaurant.  And they are very reasonably priced.  I'll definitely be going back.
5	Awesome local spot! My father introduced me to this place and is a huge fan! We love the Spicy Pork and Beef Bulgogi. They have awesome rolls there as well. Best place to sit is at the bar, the staff is friendly and welcoming. Delicious little spot to get your Korean fix in. :)
3	Food is really good but the service was slow.  Took 1 hr for drinks and two rolls. Might give them a second chance.  However, might not.
5	Very good service and very attentive even with only one person working !!! Food was delicious! I couldn't decide what to order , everything on the menu sounds delicious. Nice simple decor , just the location is kind of in a sketchy plaza. Very easy to find!
4	This place is good for late night asian fusion grub. enjoyed it.
5	Hidden gem with great food, good music and chill atmosphere. Definitely gonna go back again sometime
5	Remiix has delicious food, try everything on the menu! My favorite: All the rolls! The staff are always so kind. No matter where you sit you'll be comfortable and be able to see the tv! Because there are flat screens everywhere. The Bar is beautiful. If you looking for a place to relax have fun eat great food than this is the place right here! Highly recommend it!
4	This is a super friendly little place that is really close to UNLV. The atmosphere is casual and there is a separate bar area and a dining area. The staff are cheerful and helpful and even gave us separate checks despite there being over 10 people in our group.  I had the  (spicy rice cake) and it was hot but not too hot and very flavorful. Just a tad bit on the sweet side.Also awesome were the extra large beers. :)  Mmmm. Hite was the brand I drank and it is a very nice lager style beer.Prices are reasonable, the hours are great (I'm a night owl) and the staff is wonderful. Can't go wrong here.
4	Tasty as always! Neat /clean environment. Servers and owners are always friendly. Great atmosphere. The only thing is that I feel like they take there time preparing the food. Takes about 25-40mins to get the food. Like today I ordered a sashimi salad and it took 30mins. Overall its a great place to eat, good vibes, and good food. May not be the best place for people who have very little patience. I come here about 2-3 times a month and I still come back for more!
5	We went there shortly after they opened so we were the only ones there. The waitress was very attentive and sweet, the food took a little while to cook but they had just opened and probably were just starting up for the night. But when the food got there...wow, it was amazing. We just ordered 2 teriyaki bowls but they were colossal and by far the most elaborate and delicious teriyaki bowls we have ever had! And a great price. Definitely will be returning!
4	It's perfect for late night grub or when you just want a cold draft beer after a long day at work. Friendly staff and the owner is so nice, he would customize my order since I can't eat spicy food but I love Korean dishes they have. They have fusion dishes and small plates. Korean marinated beef 'bulgogi' is so good they make taco or burrito with it. It's chill in there, great place to hang out.
5	Awesome awesome awesome food at a reasonable price,I really love the Asian fusion stuff. Definitely will recommend this place to all of my friends.
4	good food.the night I went, the wait staff was a bit busy.... either getting hit on by a customer, or just talking to her friend. not a great way to treat other waiting customers though.food was good though. If i'm back in the area, I'd definitely try it again.
4	In the mood to sing, eat, or drink? Remiix has it all! It may not look like much on the outside, but this Korean fusion karaoke bar has a very local feel. The food takes a while to come out, even on a slow night, but it's pretty good and affordable. The spicy pork burrito was as filling as it was delicious - my only gripe was some of the unappetizing fatty portions. The street style corn is a must and a great appetizer/side to share with your table. They even have sushi if you're in the mood. Remiix is a good distance off the Strip, but it's a nice spot for large groups to hangout without having to wait.
4	I had a beef bulgolgi burrito and it was very good. We asked for our spicy tuna roll mild and it still came spicy.  I wouldn't have minded expect we were the only people there. Still give them 4 stars
