4	Great sandwich. It was super fresh, tasty, fast and well priced. Nice variety of sandwiches too.
4	Chain or not (and because if you're like me, you've never really run into one of these before), I had to post about Jimmy J's. AWESOME sandwiches (better than Subway and Quizno's as far as the chains go, as far as I'm concerned) served super fresh and super fast. I know, I sound like a commercial or something, but this place is really awesome. And you're not sacrificing cheapness for the quality and speed; it's very reasonable for the sandwich. I always get my sandwich (usually turkey or roast beef) on the wheat bread, which is fresh and AMAZING, but you can get it on sourdough/french too. I always add peppers and oil and vinegar, but that's just me. You really can't go wrong. And like I said, it's SOOO fast, and they always get your order right. As has been mentioned elsewhere, they have tons of options, a huge staff for such a small in-and-out store (no seating), so it's always an easy experience. If you go during the lunch crush, though, you'll get just that: a crunch. Tons of people descend on this one, but the crowd is always handled incredibly efficiently. Wow, I just talked a lot about a sandwich place.
5	I was so excited when a Jimmy Johns finally opened in Uptown. I was desperately in need of a new quick lunch place near my office, and Jimmy Johns was one of my top lunch spots when I lived in Chicago. I think the bread is what makes these sandwiches better than others. I usually get the No. 6 vegetarian, which comes with provolone, cucumbers, sprouts and avocado. They have really quick service, which is great when you're in a hurry. Even their delivery is speedy. They have bike messengers who deliver the takeout orders and they usually arrive about 10 minutes after I order by phone. The only downside is that there aren't tables there. You pretty much have to take the food to go.
5	This Jimmy John's is pretty typical of the others -- fast, fresh production of gourmet-style sandwiches. It meets the high standard, that's for sure, and it's a good location uptown to cater to the busy business lunch crowd.Just a couple of things to keep in mind before you go there:*Parking can be tough, unless you're fortunate to find a meter nearby on either 3rd Street or Tryon. It can be near impossible when there's an event going on. Hopefully, you're already uptown and can walk there easily.*There's no dining area there. That's not a problem if the weather is OK, because you can simply find a spot to sit outside across the street at the Wachovia outdoor plaza.*It closes pretty darn early, at 7 p.m. Unlike some similar fast-food eateries in the area, such as the Pita Pit, it's not open late. They kind of concede to the fancier dine-in restaurants on the block.*The delivery area is pretty limited. They won't go anywhere across I-277 to bike over your sandwiches. The best bet for quick service is to order ahead, either online or on the phone.
5	Oh how I've missed you so....Get #12!
5	Got my sandwich delivered to me, and the guy got here quick. He met me downstairs, I felt bad for him because it was raining out. I recommend them whole-heartedly!
4	Getting all the chains out of the way in one day :) This would be 5 stars if they delivered to my house, but since I have to drive to get my Turkey Tom (#4) and my Pepe (#1), then it's it a 4. I have voiced my concern to Jimmy John's corporate and you know know who you are (haha). Located next door to KO Sushi, it's a convenient location for a quick drive up (metered parking right outside) or walk up at lunchtime. Bread is great and the countless options make standing in front of the menu a fun experience.TIP...if you want cheese on your sub, make sure to ask if it comes with the sub, because not all subs come with chesse. Some do though...
5	One of the best chain sub shops around.  Fresh ingredients, good bread and FAST as hell.  I know if I've got 30 min before my next meeting I can be in and out and eating a tasty sub no matter how long the line is when I get there.  Still won't knock out my favorite from the FLA, Larry's Giant Subs (c'mon Larry and Mitch... expand to Charlotte please!), but a great option to have close by the office.
4	Just got my italian sandwich.Service was fastFrench bread is good and softAlthough, I generally would like my sandwich to be toasted, I would rate the sandwich a 4 star rating.  It tastes very good and i would come here again.
2	Jimmy John's catered our working lunch today & they delivered super-fast 1 Veggie Sub option.....guess what I chose Mostly lettuce & overall, pretty darn bland - tasted no avocado although I saw a slight greenish schmeer. Tomatoes were very thin & didn't add a lot of flavor. It was supposed to have "layers" of Provolone - I think I saw 1. The fact there were lots of sprouts was very nice! Bread was nice & soft - but also mysteriously bland. The sandwich was filling so at least we had that.  Chips are nice & crunchy.  Others got the Vito Sub (Italian), Turkey Tom, & whatnot - their go-to picks - they love 'em This is a usual sandwich stop for my Charlotte crew..... I might have to give it a pass & instead opt for alternative veggie choices, but would be willing to try then again to give it a fair shot.....maybe next time I'd see if any hot peppers made a difference At this point, I have to say, sorry guys but I've experienced better
4	What the?! My sandwich is already ready!? But I haven't even ordered! Yea they're that fast. I thought the Deli owned by Jason was good, but they're not even in the same league as Jimmy. I'm usually very particular about what goes in my sandwich, but when it comes to Jimmy, I take it his way. So the options might be a tad limited, they might not have soup (at least I don't think they do) but boy do they make a mean sandwich.The quality of the products says it all. No fillers, no fancy sauces, just meat, mayo and the traditional veggies. Chips are amazing, and the best part about their sandwiches is that great french bread. Holds everything together nicely, doesn't get mushy and has a great firmness and chewiness. Yum yum yum.
4	A haiku for Jimmy John's...Turkey Tom I love,Sandwich so tasty and fresh,A happy belly.Enjoy, friends and park carefully in those meters!
5	My husband was always going on and on about how much he loved Jimmy John's and how it was so great when we lived in Michigan and blah blah blah...I sort of tuned him out thinking yeah, whatever when am I ever going to eat there??THEN we moved to Charlotte and there it was like a glowing beacon in the night, his eyes lit up like Christmas morning and in we went.  He ordered the Vito which is an Italian sub and I ordered the Pepe which is just ham and cheese with lettuce and tomato.  My God, it was amazing.  Something about the bread, or the meat, or something made it one of the best subs I've ever had.  It was quick too!  We were in and out in 5 minutes and sat outside to enjoy our lunch.It is at least a once a week stop for me now!
3	One day while being hungry uptown and looking for a cheap option to eat, I walked by Jimmy John's and saw their menu.  Their prices seemed reasonable, so I went in and ordered a Turkery Tom 8 inch sandwich for about $5.  The meat was fresh sliced deli meat and it was good quality.  They made it almost as fast as I ordered it.  It's a bit like a pizza delivery chain store though - there is no seating, so I took the sandwich over to the outdoor area of 2 Wachovia - I mean Wells Fargo - plaza and enjoyed it.  I probably won't order from here often due to the lack of seating and I usually go somewhere where I can sit and enjoy my meal uptown.  The sandwich, however, was high quality with more and better meat than Subway despite being on a smaller roll.  If you work uptown, it would be a good place for a grab-n-go lunch.
5	I can't say enough about this place. I have yet to receive my sandwich the wrong way, and the delivery guys are always quick to bike across town. They've definitely got the best sandwich for the price range. Try #8 with hot peppers!
1	Dumb policy, loss of customer.  I was a frequent customer of this JJs.  So frequent that I took the time to set up an online account with all my personal information, including credit card.  When ever I got hungry at work I could just go online and order my favorite sandwhich which was made just as I had "built it" online and it would be ready and paid for when I walked over to pick it up.  But for some reason they implemented a $25 minimum for pick up orders.  This would make sense for delivery, but for pick up?  Customer service could not give any reason for this policy which is as dumb, and much more inconvenient, than their policy of not having plain old salt and pepper.  I've found other places to order online, but I do miss having JJ's as an option.Update from Jimmy Johns:Ben,I apologize, but we do not plan on changing our policy at this time.All our details, including your credit card details, are encrypted using industry strength security and transmitted over a secure link to our servers.If you have your credit card information saved, you can login and delete this information.We do not have access to your account.Thanks,KellyOh well, I give up.  I'll order elsewhere from now on.
1	My girlfriend and I had an exceptionally bad experience with this location about two months ago. She spoke with two people from corporate, and it seemed like they were going to address the issue with the manager and get back to us.As of today, we haven't heard back or received an apology from the manager. Due to the level of personal disrespect we experienced, I expected much more than a cursory "We're sorry, we'll talk to the owner." I haven't eaten at a Jimmy Johns since.Jimmy Johns Corporate: I'm still open to an apology. I'd also like to know if the manager in question received sensitivity training or at least retraining on the basics of not insulting people for fun.
1	I usually love Jimmy Johns but this one is just "okay". The sandwiches don't seem to be made with the same love & care as the other locations but it might be because of the downtown bustle. A whole star was taken away because the male cashier was without his earrings (the ones that expand their earlobes-not sure what they're called) and his loose holes were sagging nearly down to his shoulders like spaghetti noodles. Gross. I lost my appetite.Your pal,Walter
4	Get lunch here at least once a week.  In and out in 5 minutes, even in rush hour, back to my hotel, grab a quick nap, back to work.Vito !!
1	As a flight attendant, I have been to many Jimmy John's and this one is not up to par. I ordered the gourmet Veggie sandwich. The bread was great. The insides were anything but gourmet. The gal making the sandwich was very frugal when putting veggies on my sandwich. Plus they were not as fresh as I would have liked. And the avocado spread, I thought she had forgot to put it on, but I did find a faint trace of spread in between the cheese slices.Will not visit this Jimmy John's again.
3	I went during Speed street.  I must say it was cheaper than the vendors on the street.  However, the sandwich was not worth sharing with friends.  I was surprised considering my coworkers love this place. I am not sure if it has something to do with location.  I will not be returning.
4	When I first told my friend I was going to review this place, he sort of scoffed at me and said "What, you're going to review Jimmy John's? That's like reviewing McDonalds." ... Except, I can promise that the food is 10x better. Plus, cut me some slack--there aren't any Jimmy John's in the west coast. My experience with Jimmy Johns was a box lunch that included an Italian sandwich, barbecue-flavored chips, a dill pickle, and a oatmeal raisin cookie. 1. Sandwich: The bread was my favorite part--and I normally hate un-toasted bread. The italian comes stuffed (as in I had trouble squeezing in my potato chips) with various thinly-cut deli meats.2. Barbecue Chips: These Jimmy John chips almost deserve 4 stars on their own. (Actually if you've been reading my past few reviews, I've had a strange bbq-flavor theme going on). Crispy, flavorful, unhealthy. They're awesome. Just get them. I wouldn't eat my sandwich any other way. 3. Pickle: Not interesting. 4. Cookie: Dessert is the best way to finish a meal and although this cookie could have been chewier, I liked that it wasn't overly sweet. I can't quite review the location since I did get it on the go. However, I really enjoyed the sandwich with chips and the prices are pretty cheap for a full lunch. P.s. I tried the roast beef and I much prefer the italian.
2	I really want to like this place. The people who work here are great, but it has been so hit and miss throughout the years. During busy times (like lunch), they've given the sandwich I've ordered away more times than I can count. But my biggest complaint is that, if you order an unwitch, they only put use one measly piece of lettuce. This is supposed to replace the bread, folks! I've never been to a Jimmy John's that does such a terrible job with their unwitches. It's so frustrating, because it's such an easy fix. Please, add more lettuce to your unwitches and figure out a system (like giving each customer a number) so that you don't give away people's sandwiches!!!
4	This Jimmy John's location is super tiny. No seating inside, but just a grab and go location. The smells of the bread definitely make up and down most of 3rd street and onto Tryon and Church. The staff is super friendly and they whoop up a sandwich in no time flat. Also, the bike delivery in uptown is solid. Called and it was ready less than 10 minutes after. Not that I'm an avid Jimmy John's goer, but the Unwich is delicious. Lettuce wrap instead of bread. I got the veggie option with sprouts, guac, peppers, cucumbers, and tomatoes. Definitely fresh and refreshing. Great for a quick lunch on the go. I dig that they make the wrap easy to eat whilst walking. Thanks, Jimmy!
4	I'm at this Jimmy John's often since I have to travel to Charlotte for business. Love the place. Only complaint is that they don't always put enough mayo on the sandwiches. Definitately come after 1 oclock when its less busy. Yo Ron!
4	In and out in less than five minutes!!  Love this sandwich shop - especially because it is close to my office.  I have only tried two sandwiches - the Pepe and the Turkey Tom.  For $5.15 it is a nice big sandwich.  Very soft bread and super fresh ingredients.  They have chips and drinks and cookies and extras for you also.  Love coming here - thanks Jimmy Johns!!  :-D
3	I have had Jimmy John's a couple of times, and it's surprisingly decent.  The sub options are good and easy to customize.The bread looks like it would taste bad(or just be average), but it is actually one of the highlights of Jimmy John's. The Unwich (lettuce wrap) is also very good if the lettuce is fresh (batting .500 in this dept.).Overall, good food and fast service.
5	I love their #9 sandwich.  You have to go in to find out what it is.  Now, I did order a #5 for someone and it looked fantastic.   I think I will have to try that next time.
1	The food is simple and fresh but don't receive a wrong order. We ordered a fair amount of sandwiches for our office today and had horrible customer service. Each sandwich had something small added which was marked as a NO on the online ordering system. No big deal we can pick off... However, when we called to have a sandwich remade due to the person wanting complete plain and the fact  jimmy johns added the works to it, the manager was nothing but nasty. He preceeded to say he would remake the sandwich but we should know it is our fault ( excuse me?? ). Due to the manager's horrible ability to please a customer he has now lost this company's business.... Bottom line: you better eat what comes because if it's wrong you are an idiot and to blame.Needless to say we declined his hateful offer to make a new one .... Spit isn't what I ordered.
1	I have typically have had good experiences with Jimmy John's but the uptown location is not a good representation of my past experiences.I ordered subs this weekend,  it was 1:45, not a peek time, shouldn't have taken too long.....45 minutes later I got my delivery. I realized that the unwich I ordered, that I love so much, was on regular bread (not lettuce wrapped). I called to see if they could remedy the situation, considering I was looking at the receipt, which clearly said unwich, the manager told me that she would send out another one, but I would need to send back the one they messed up......I kindly reminded her that I was about to die of starvation considering it was 2:30 and I had already waited for 45 minutes, she told me that wasn't her problem. No big deal, the sandwich was mediocre and I will never order from uptown Jimmy John's again, lesson learned.
4	Being my first visit to this location I was a little overwhelmed. Jimmy John's is a grab and go sandwich shop, no tables, and just space to stand in the line.  The line was out the door, and for good reason.  The service is quick and the sandwiches are good.  My friend ordered the Italian and I ordered the Country Club. Before I even reached the drink counter my # was called.  I do wish I knew the system, line, how you receive your order(by the # sandwich you ordered), a little better, and do wish there was more space, but the sandwich was great.The Country Club came with turkey, ham, lettuce, tomato and cheese. Bread was fresh, almost warm, and the meats and sides were good.I look forward to getting back, especially on a day I need something quick, and good.
5	Fresh, fast, easy.
4	Excellent lunch choice in the uptown area. Their delivery times are extremely fast. On several occasions from online  order submission to doorbell ring is 10 minutes. Quick fulfilling meal delivered for under 8 bucks.
3	I'm going to give this JJ a 3 star just because of their efficiency and ability for me to get a sandwich in a decent amount of time so I can thoroughly enjoy my full lunch hour.Tucked into the building on 3rd St... this location can be hard to spot.  It is also tight inside, just grab your sandwich and go to wherever you are going to eat it - back to the office or what-have-you.  I decided to stroll over to RB Park to take advantage of the day and get some vitamin D.Since this location is so small, you will always feel like you are in the way for the minute or so you are waiting for your sandwich to be created.Cashier's are friendly, but make sure you know what you want in advance, there is barely enough room inside to fumble around and wait behind a guy looking at the menu!
3	Jimmy John's radio commercials are super corny, but they always make me giggle.This location is super convenient for those who work uptown. Not so much, though, if you have to drive here during the day.The roomies and I popped in here this week to grab some sandwiches. Holy line out the door and down the sidewalk. And holy wow this place is teeny tiny. Lunch crowd line moves super quick, though. I always get my usual: the Italian Night Club. I can't ever remember what it's called... so I usually call it the Italian Nigh Job. Pretty sure that's something wayyyy different. No matter what you call it... add the hot peppers to it.Doing a pool day at the Avenue, Trademark or Catalyst? They deliver. You're welcome in advance. Need a place to get your grub on with your JJ's sammie? Walk on over to Romare Bearden.
1	DammPlace looks good, but my order has hair in it , I know it can be worse.. but it was very disappointing to find a long strand of hair inside my sandwich. The waitress was apologetic and the manager Dnt even apologize, he just return my money back , he is very rude..i  felt really gross out afterwards. Very bad experience.
5	Best subs in Charlotte...good bread. CHEAP! And speedy polite service :) I am always pleased. :p
