5	Twelve family members ranging in age from 28 to 77 traveled from Texas and North Carolina to help me celebrate my 50th birthday in Las Vegas (August 2014).  I had always wanted to do a painting party and once I found out that a Pinot's Palette was opening in Henderson, I contacted the owners to start planning.  This was about 8 months in advance of their store opening and throughout the planning I have been very impressed with Reed and Judy's (the owners) attention to detail.  They were fantastic hosts and ensured everything was perfect, including Larissa, our painting instructor.  One of my sisters has been to 6 painting parties and she said this was the best and most fun one that she has ever attended.  This was echoed by the other participants -- they all said they had a blast.  This is a great way to celebrate milestones with friends and family, is very reasonably priced, and as a bonus at the end of the night you have a keepsake. For those of you traveling from out of state, the paintings do fit in airline overhead compartments.  The facility is also in a beautiful area of town, so if you have time, plan to shop and explore beforehand.  I highly recommend the Henderson Pinot's Palette for a class or party. Enjoy!
5	The IGT Team had a blast supporting Reed and Judy on their grand opening day! We are currently trying to convince the rest of the teams and departments to definitely book time as a fun filled event and evening to "get the creative juices following!"The atmosphere was nice. The decor was lovely. And the art instructors are very personable and encouraging. It was an adventure to go from perfectionist to laughing at our own trail and errors.The money contributed was to a great cause and having fun? That sounds crazy but so true! We painted a champagne for the grand opening event, fitting as we also toasted to our painted art work!This place is definitely a place to go for company events, dates, family outings and getting out of the traditional movie date or lunch in with coworkers.Also, the price for drinks, and even the bottle were very reasonable. And you can also buy the glasses for an extra $5. Its pretty awesome! The snacks, an assortment of cheese, grapes, crackers, deli meats, veggie platters. AMAZING!Enough of me raving about this place, TRY IT FOR YOURSELF!
5	Went on a Wednesday to paint, "Stepping Out" and had an amazing time! It was definitely an experience I will never forget a will recommend to anyone. A lot of wine for you wine drinkers and a nice beer selection as well. The appointment is $35 for a two hour session and $45 for a three hour session. Beer ranges from $4-$5. Staff was very friendly and the instructor was very encouraging. At the end you can buy yourself a frame if you would like to hang up your amazing art work, $35 for a frame. Definitely gonna go back when I feel my creative juices flowing.
5	Awesome experience celebrating a friend's birthday. At first, I was hesiant since the last time I picked up a paint brush was in elementary. After last night,  I  was excited to come home and show my family my masterpiece. Even though it wasn't a real Artist kind a deal, I was still proud of what I've accomplished. This place is highly recommended. Enjoy!!!
5	2nd time seasoned veteran and still a blast~!Another fun filled evening at Pinot's Palette!This was a IGT team building event but its always good to see old friends! (IE Reid and Judy)We had a new exciting experience of first, painting on our own or painting in pairs, all the canvas had different sizes and best of all, the painting was actually one whole picture! Reid as promised bolted them together and we finally got it in! I am excited to post more photos up!Hopefully there will be more styles of artwork like this! I can totally see this for couples or families to add a nice memory of a meaningful piece of art into everyone's homes :)IGT SALES OPS ROCKS! Yay!
5	Had a lot of fun.  I'm not the best artist, but I think my painting turned out pretty good in the end.  Whether you are good or not though, it is a fun time.
5	This experience was definitely worth the money. Customer service, people, wine and environment were all exceptional!!! Can't wait to go again!!
5	Took a date here earlier this week and it may have been the most fun I've ever had on a date! The staff was very friendly, great selection of beverages, the artist instructing the class where so helpful, and our paintings actually turned out great. The paintings turning out as good as they did kinda shocked me because I've never really painted before. Highly suggest this place I would give 6 stars if I could!
5	Awesome place with an awesome atmosphere, awesome staff and awesome classes! Okay, that's enough awesomes, but you get the picture! Ha, see what I did there?!Last night, I went with a date and it was an extraordinary experience. From beginning to end, it was just around crazy cool. My partner bought us two spots to paint Van Gough's Almond Blossoms. It was super easy, well, if you aren't trying to be perfect.After two hours, I was satisfied with my experience. They had great music playing, a good selection of wine for purchase and an available staff to aide at any moment. Seriously? Paint. Wine. Have fun! Best motto ever.If you're looking for a date night activity, choose this place. I was a beginner and had a terrific experience. Oh, and bring something you don't mind getting dirty just in case! When you're finished with your painting, you get to take the canvas home and it's a great memento.Five stars. Hands down. I can't wait to check out another class!!
