4	Probably one of the best lunch spots in S Charlotte, fantastic sandwiches, huge portions, friendly service and free homemade soup with every order. Some of the best sweet tea in Charlotte. Fine for informal business lunches (3-4 people) fills up quick during peak lunch hours.
4	I will always remember the first time i came here. I was still new to Charlotte and my boss and sister brought me here.When we pulled up i was taken back a little its just in a small strip mall with nothing around it( I trusted they're judgment). As soon as we were greeted by Mrs.Jenkins I knew I was going to like it. Then we ordered our food and all of a sudden our server puts down a free bowl of soup in front of me!!! I LOVE soup!!! Well it was just delicious (Broccoli Cheese) and since then we go in all the time they always start you off with a soup i have come to love they're egg salad and chicken salad on a pita!! Everyday the soup is different!!
4	Soup, sandwich and chips. 8 bucks. Pretty damn good for Charlotte. Soup is always great. Except that one he put grits in that time. He's like the "Soup Nazi". I imagine he's nicer though. All kinds of different flavors you'd never think of. I loved the French Onion Barley. Fabulous. Had the New York Reuben soup today. Wonderful. The sandwiches always fill you up. I've only had the Chicken Bacon Cheddar and the Corned Beef and Swiss but I order them again and again. The waitresses are very friendly and attentive too.
4	BB&M is named like a law firm.  I think they did it on purpose - kind of funny.  I've driven by it numerous times and always thought it looked interesting, so when I had the opportunity to grab some lunch in the area I headed over.The place is only open during lunch hours and they seem to do a lot of catering business (for offices).  They do have a pretty large in-restaurant dining area with table service.  Their menu is pretty extensive and includes a lot of delicious looking items.  I ended up getting a Turkey Rueben and it was delicious!  The also give a cup of their soup-of-the day to all dining in customers.  It's a nice little perk before your sandwich comes out!Besides the food, another standout was the service.  First, I did not expect and sandwich place to have tableside service.  Second, the waiter helping us out was really polite and energetic.  It was really impressive to see such amazing customer service.
5	I love this place, you receive the same wait staff most of the time, which is great that lets me know they treat their staff great if they dont have a high turnover.  Maybe Corporate America should ask them their secret lol Anyway , I never get the same thing, I always get different items off the menu, but any of the patty melts are my favorite, tuna, chicken, turkey.  The salads are very large and generous with meat and cheese. Their soups are different every day and homemade, things you might not put together at home, but when you try it there its wonderful.  Like the sweet potatoe pie soup strange but it was smooth and creamy with some pie crust.  The deserts are very sweet, too sweet for me so I stick to just their soup which comes with your meal everyday and a sandwich who needs desert you wont have room :)
4	Bedder Bedder & Moore. Yeah, it does sound like a law firm."BEDDER CALL SAUL!" Get it? Get it? *crickets*Bedder Food but Bad Execution at times...Don't get me wrong. I love this place, but I prefer the Abbey Place location.I try to call ahead (you get a recording) to the South Tryon location to find out the "soup of the day" and 9 times out of 10 it's wrong.  The soup is a HUGE draw so it does matter to me, but there are times the soup feels like it's a pot luck dinner like they used whatever meats and veggies were leftover from the day before. There are other times they knock it out of the park with a really great soup, but those days seem far and few between. Sigh. Salads are a must here. Go for the Grilled Chicken Caesar but ask for the chicken blackened. Sandwiches are pretty good but they seem to be too much bread and not enough meat. I wish they would go with leaf lettuce rather than shredded, too.   I've got to give a 5 star review for the Abbey Place location. It is smaller than the Tryon location but the service and food are much better. (The soup is perfection and there are rare times that you get a choice of 2 different soups) The staff is a lot friendlier. The Tryon location is closer for me but it's well worth going out of the way for the Abbey Place location. I used to wish the Abbey Place store would give you a carafe like this particular location for their EXCELLENT sweet-tea that will make your teeth float, but the super-nice waitresses there always keep your cup full.Your pal,Walter
4	I have dined in once and our office has ordered delivery a couple of times (suprisingly, they deliver to the Ballantyne Corporate Park!).  The food is always really good quality and is served in generous portions.  I like the salads as well as the chicken melt.
4	Bring your appetite if you plan to eat here.  It all starts with the cup of soup they bring out and then goes from there.  For the most part, they have sandwiches here although there are other things on the menu if you don't want a sandwich.  But getting back to the sandwiches, they have most anything you could want served on fresh bread.This place does get very busy during lunch so you may want to get there before the lunch rush starts or you will be waiting a long time.  Also, there is parking in the back if the front lot is full when you get there.  I wish someone had told me about the parking the first time I went there.
3	Eh, this place is ok.  They are still trying to claim the "Best Lunch" the Charlotte Observer awarded them almost a decade ago.  It's your typical deli style menu with , sandwiches, wraps, etc but the prices have shot up due to rising food costs.  It's not horrible, and you get a complimentary small bowl of soup if you dine in.  It's just a place I wouldn't necessarily go to for a quick, cheap lunch.
4	If you plan on going to Bedder Bedder and More, come hungry!  Your meal starts with their complimentary soup of the day. I've been here twice and have had the stuffed bell pepper, and mushroom cheeseburger soup. They have sandwiches, burgers, and more delicious offerings.A lunchtime favorite- this place gets a little busy around lunch hour. But it's always good food, and lots of it. I don't think I've ever finished a sandwich here!The Rosemary Roast beef is a good choice, or the Reuben. Try the onion rings...if you have any room for more food. Overall good place for some grub!
3	Eh, my experience was a 3, my lunch partner's was a 2.  Let me start by saying, if you're eating in - don't order anything with a soup as a side... everyone gets a complimentary cup of soup, and you end up with a bag of chips/pretzels with your half sandwich/etc. I ordered one of the club sandwiches, no mayo. I received the club with mayo, without tomato. Actually a ridiculous amount of mayo. My lunch partner ordered a half sandwich with soup. Not only was that pointless (for a moment we were expecting a possible double soup - especially since it was super tasty that day - um, stuffing croutons??) But then the sandwich was served cut all sorts of wrong. There were actually crust pieces on both sides of the sandwich (frankly I'm not even sure how this happened, but imagine a standard half of a sandwich and your top piece of bread has the standard two-sided crust and then a cut edge side, but then underneath there was a two-sided crustless piece with a long crusted edge... yeah, so no soft crustless first bite). Both of our sandwiches had a large percentage of the sliced meat bundled in the middle, so the edge pieces were really just mayo and bread, but I could overlook that in the future.I like that they give you a small jug to refill your own drink with, but at the same time I feel like it became an excuse to never check in besides bringing the food and the check. At one point I though about asking for a sliced tomato, since I would have really liked one on my sandwich, but our server couldn't be found. I could tell plenty of people had built great relationships with certain servers, but we (and a few other tables) seemed to be at a loss when it came to any help. My sandwich was not anything spectacular, and I know I can make the same at the closer to me Laurel Market (barely a price difference and I know it's going to come out exactly how I ordered it) but the idea of surprise daily soups are appealing and the monthly specials sounded good, so I might find myself in BB&M again.
4	Had one of many lunches here today and it was great as always.  I had the chicken salad pita and it was awesome.  Also, they have renovated the whole place. It looks and feels nice.
1	Bought a deal for this place on a website, had never been but wanted to try. At the end of the meal which I might add, was just a typical tuna sandwich that I could have made at home for half the price, they told me "the person with the phone to scan your deal barcode is off today."  I asked them if they could write down the confirmation number and code, since it said ON the deal that that number was all you needed and they said, "we don't think so." No effort to resolve the problem, no effort to follow up, no thought to post a sign about them not accepting dealsavers that day, NO worries about me ever going back there.  I don't need bad service and mediocre food!!
5	Great food. Friendly people. Get the reuben its so good
4	Bedder Bedder & Moore always sounded like it was law agency that I never really paid it n e attention until I was stopped at the light and really took a good look an was like "oh...you can eat here!" I've never actually been inside to eat but a work function used their services to cater the event. I was skeptical at first but one bite into my Chicken Salad Sandwich completely changed my mind. The chicken tasted as if it had been slow roasted in a rotisserie grill all day; it had that much flavor. It also included tomatoes and celery; the one thing that I thought it could have had was some onions. The plus side was that it had just enough mayo...not too dry and not too sloppy. I had a small side of potato salad and besides from mine (don't mean to toot my own horn but toot toot) it was really good. Along with a melt in your mouth macadamia cookie and some lemonade this was a really nice lunch.
5	I called in an order here for lunch. I had the Reuben, with a slight change, I had them replace the 1,000 dressing with spicy mustard. My husband had the Rosemary Roast Beef Sandwich along with a side of onion rings. Our food was wonderful. The serving size was more than enough for us both and we even had some onion rings left that we couldn't finish.  The staff was friendly and on top of their service. The restaurant was very busy and I was very pleased with our choice......we will be returning!
3	I pass by this place every day and finally went out for lunch to try it today.  It's odd to me why they chose a name that sounds more like a law firm than a deli.  Did they also think to maybe more cleverly name their place Moore Bedder?  But names aside, went there to take some food to go and got the half sandwich and half soup deal.  I got the turkey and swiss and the reuben soup,  Both were just kind of OK and it seemed a bit weird to have a sandwich on regular wheat slices that weren't toasted.  Made it seem a lot less fancy than something I could make at home myself.  What was amazing though was their sweet potato bars for dessert.  I saw them on the counter and had to try one and they were even more delicious than I expected.  I ended up eating the whole bar in one sitting.  If you ever go here, that is definitely a must try!
4	The deli is located in a plaza that is like a small strip mall.  Parking is ok but I could see if it were really busy, parking would be a problem.  Food is outstanding, hands down.  From the complimentary cup of homemade soup, sandwiches, quesadillas, etc. it's all delicious.  Some issues:  TOO much food.  After the cup of hearty soup, I am not at all starved anymore.  Out comes the biggest wrap I have ever had.  I barely ate half.  I had my three kids with me and there was no kids menu.  EVERYTHING on the menu (whether it's a burger, sandwich, wrap or salad) is all the same price ($8.49) and I think it was $2.49 for drinks.  So basically $10 pp so our bill (1 adult/3 kids) was almost $50 with tip.  Quite pricey for an informal lunch out.  Plus, none of them came close to finishing their meals either.The orange bread up by the counter is SUPER.  But that is pricey too.  A small (tiny) piece is $3 a piece.  Each one my my kids wanted one....so that's another $10.  Anyway, I would say it's GREAT if your starving and maybe not the best place for kids unless they eat adult sized portions.  Service was fast and friendly.
3	Food prices are reasonable and the food quality is excellent.  However, service has been a little spotty both times.  Place is a little unorganized when it comes to seating and checking out.  However, as said the food more than makes up for the minor inconveniences.  And yes there is complimentary soup when dining in.
4	Bedder Bedder & Moore: the lunch spot that sounds more like a law firm.The anchor of a strip mall at Tryon and Clanton... you have probably passed by this place without even giving it a second thought. Word to the wise: never doubt a place that's always packed during the lunchtime rush.Sandwiches, wraps, homemade soups, salads, quesadillas. If you eat in, don't order soup with your meal. Why? Because you get a complimentary one! They also offer free delivery.Basically everything on the menu is $8.49. So go ahead and figure you will spend at least 10 bucks here. In terms of the amount of food you get... it's definitely worth it. Some of my favs here: the Charbroiled Chicken Caesar and Charbroiled Chicken Cobb salads (holy-giant-chicken-breast batman), California Style Turkey Reuben (usually can save half for later) and dubbed BBM's best seller: the Turkey Provolone Pita. Sandwiches come with pretzels or chips depending on what you order. Salads have a fresh baked knot.My office has used BBM several times to cater work lunches and events. It's a fan favorite here.Friendly staff. I typically call in orders for pick up. Always a happy person on the other end of the line. Food is always ready in a reasonable amount of time. I'm usually in and out in under 5 minutes. BBM has been cranking out good food in the Charlotte area for more than 20 years. Here's to the next 20!
2	For the life of me I don't understand why this place is so popular, or how could it be possibly anything "best."It's a block away from my work, and I came here once in 2 years because I lost my mind that one day (no, because my lunch mate wanted to eat there and I was being a nice friend armed with a coupon... paying full price for this place should be a crime).It's so packed on any given day, thus it's not per se the best "quick bite" option. Because it is so packed, service isn't stellar either (granted the waitress I had was sweet and nice hence I gave 2 instead of 1 star). So in order for it to be "best lunch" you would think the food is out of this world?! NOPE. I had a French Dip, and the best part was the au jus. It's a sandwich shop and the sandwich wasn't good. Roast beef (on menu it said it was home roasted) was dry and plain. And for the crazy amount of money you're paying for the sandwich/wrap, you get a bag of chips and a cup of soup if you dine in. Maybe someone can explain to me the appeal of this place, but seriously, go to Harris Teeter and get a sub, it's better, cheaper, faster and more.
4	I've been back since my initial review, and I have had better service since the first couple of times I went.  The food is excellent.  It is consistently delicious.  The complimentary soup is delicious as well (and I am not a soup fan).
3	Soup was excellent. It was the Italian chicken soup, more like minestrone with penne and chicken, almost had a smoke flavor but that umami could have come from the largely cut mushrooms. Their famous salad, the grilled chicken Caesar, was tasty however it had way too much bread for it to be a salad, it was served in a taco shell and piled with croutons, the chicken was seasoned well as the bacon was an unnecessary but delightful touch(I mean it's bacon right?!) if I didn't have a bread salad this would easily be a 4 star in my opinion. Flavors were a B however delivery was a C-, C at most.
4	You honestly cannot go wrong with any sandwich here. They are all delicious. I introduced my parents to this place and they are also addicted. A great spot to grab a lunch sandwich of any style. Definitely one of the better ( no pun) sandwich options in Charlotte.
4	Get here early for lunch...they get filled up. Sandwiches are great as is the soup.  I have moved from Charlotte, but I have never found an egg salad that competes.
5	Uptown delivery! Great Reuben on Rye with pasta salad side. Only complaint I have was for the driver ( I had  to meet him a couple blocks down) but the food is just awesome. Give it a try for lunch!
1	I placed an order on 10/10/14 around 9:40am,  using the Paypal (eat24) app on my phone. I been reading the reviews and some are good and some are not, so I decided to try it out. I got to the store at 10:10am and I told them I had placed an order and I was picking it up. I gave them my name and I had to wait 5 minutes, I could tell they forgot to do my order which was the Char-broiled caesar salad, because they were asking me what I wanted in it, when I had already specified online. My time for pick-up was 10:05amI waited and after 5 minutes someone from the kitchen gave me my food. I went home and when I opened the foam container, all I had was a Big Tortilla Bowl filled with bad lettuce(practically brown) up to the top and just a few pieces of tomatoes, 4 croutons and ONLY, I repeat ONLY 4 tiny strips of Chicken, they weren't like Chicken tender strips, all I had was  4 strips of chicken which looked like they pulled from the breast.  My total was $10.11 for this salad, which I didn't mind at first, but this is pathetic. I would stick to Subway's Salads around the corner, even they have fresher lettuce.
4	This was a hidden gem for me for quite some time. I've passed it on Tryon a bunch of times without thinking much more than "Hey, a sandwich place that sounds like a law firm". Finally stopped in to fuel up after a long day of moving furniture and I'm glad I did. Let's just say that any place that offers me complimentary homemade soup is going to rate highly in my book. The soup was awesome too and since that first visit I've been back with the soups always consistently as or more delicious than the last.As for the sandwiches, also great. Not the absolute best but certainly worth it and sufficient enough for my taste. I can't help but always feel that on my next visit I'm going to feel like the menu is a bit limited but after three visits, I was still able to find something new that appealed to me. Price point is pretty good as well (especially when factoring in the complimentary soup)!Definitely recommend this place for anyone looking for a traditional deli/diner-type sandwich experience.
