5	I used to go to nation wide. This place is much better. Very friendly staff and great building. First class!!
5	The best eye care in the valley!  I have a very rare eye condition that other optometrists in the past have disregarded and treated me on the basis that I can only see out of one eye, but thanks to Dr. Michelle and her determination, she worked on promoting the vision I do have in my other eye as well! I had come in with debilitating migraines and they were cut by at least 80% thanks to her care and willingness to take the time and work with me! She is amazing, I will NEVER trust my eyes to anyone else! Super friendly staff (especially Trisha) and there is a great selection of frames and sunglasses!
5	I've been going to Dr. Justin for several years now and I have always received good care and good value.   I've bought glasses and contacts through the office and I have always had an offer of a coupon or rebate.  And they are so organized and efficient that I always leave with the right paperwork for file for the rebates.
5	Great place, will be back!
5	I was looking for an eye doctor closer to home, so took a chance on North Valley Eye Care.  I was very happy with the entire experience, from making my appointment to checking out.  They use a lot of technology in the office that I had not seen elsewhere.  The Dr was thorough in explaining the results to me and making suggestions for alternative contact lenses to resolve some issues I was having.  I highly recommend North Valley Eye Care.
5	I have never been impressed with and optometrist.... until now. She is the only one who listened to what I had to say and continued to try until my vision was almost perfect. Highly recommended
5	I have been going to Drs. Kohls for many years. They helped me with a with severe eye issue that was very scary. With their help my eye sight was restored backed to normal. So grateful for their help. Myself and my family go there every year for our eye exams. I highly recommend North Valley Eye Care. The doctors and staff are highly professional and courteous.
5	Dr. Michelle spent a great deal of time with me and explained thoroughly my eye exam results. The office staff is very knowledgeable and friendly. I highly recommend North Valley Eye Care.
5	Excellent staff!  Very friendly and the Doctors spend a lot of time with you!  Never making you feel rushed!  My prescription has always been spot on!
5	This office was SO friendly and nice! And I love the fit of my new contacts. I would definitely recommend.
5	We had been using Costco but they do not participate with my insurance (VSP) so we       searched locally and found that N Valley Eye Care was highly rated. My wife and I were very happy with our exams and would highly recommend Dr. Kohls to our friends. Dr. Michelle takes the time to explain everything in detail and all the staff are friendly and professional.
5	Dr. Kohls is amazing.  She is warm and friendly and explains everything really well.  I leave the office amazed by her attitude.  Doctors like her are hard to find.  I highly recommend this office to anyone.
5	This is the best eye center that I've been to and the customer service is also great!  Compared to my previous optometrist, I have to say that the optometrist here is the best!  They also have a great selection of glasses and have modern equipment.
5	North Valley has an excellent team! My husband and I have been going there for years. Doc Michelle is awesome! My husband goes to Doc Justin and he really likes him!Definitely recommend!
5	We have been patients of both Dr Kohls since we moved here in 1997.Cannot say enough good things about them.  They are extremely knowledgeable, warm, friendly, caring. I would definitely recommend.
1	I'm so dissapointed!! I had to wait a day to cool off. My family has been seeing Drs Justin & Michelle since our move from San Diego (4+yrs) Although, I always felt like I was being sold when it came to frames Drs Justin & Michelle have always been amazing and know what they are doing. Unfortunately, my experience yesterday was "the straw that broke the camels back"  with the office staff. My sons glasses broke. I scheduled an appointment and since he couldn't see very well and back in school I asked to be put on the cancelation call list. An appointment cancelled I accepted the date & time of 9am. 20min before my sons appointment I called (8:40am). I believe I spoke with Tricia. I let her know I was running late & I would be 5-10min late had to get my son checked out of school (I can't foresee traffic & office delays). She said "no problem we will see you then". We arrive running through the door at 9:19am and I was told he had to be rescheduled. I understand policy etc....what made me so upset was that I called 20min before my appointment to let them know I was going to be late (the appointment was very important) I was NOT aware of policy & I was NOT told or given a courtesy "if you are late 15min you will be rescheduled". I was told "I'm sorry. As you can see we are busy, but I'd be happy to reschedule you" no thank you. They lost 4 patients!!
5	Like many folks dread going to the dentist, I dread going to the eye doctor.  However, the level of technology the doctors utilize makes the entire exam very unobtrusive, which is a MUST for me.  My appointment was with Dr. Justin and he did a great job of explaining things throughout.I didn't "need" glasses but chose to get a pair for reading so I don't have to take them on and off all day at work.  They are a little pricey and I knew that going in.  However, Dr. Justin at no time made me feel I had to purchase from them.  He left that decision up to me and I appreciated the lack of "hard sell" by him and the staff.Because of this visit, I no longer dread going to the eye doctor and will definitely return next year for an annual visit.
