3	I knew the moment I walked into Gypsy Bar that it was immediately forgettable.The decor is fine and the staff in "fast forward" motion, trying to keep up with the demand for drinks. But...the music just sucks! Baby Got Back? Really? Welcome to 2012.I hope GB learns from it's auditory mistakes and joins the 21st century.
5	We decided to pop in here after happy hour on a Friday night.  I saw photos on Facebook about the arcade games and such, and thought it'd be a fun way to keep the night going!  I was correct, to be sure.The set up of the place is intriguing - it's connected to Lucky Strike bowling, but separated for some reason by a velvet rope.  I really have no idea why as we could walk back and forth - they just had some guy standing there moving the rope for us.Gypsy bar is made up of three sections - the bar area, the dance floor, and the arcade.  The dance floor looked like any dance floor - good times if we decided to get hammered (we didn't, but maybe another time).  The bar was fine, nothing particular about it - good or bad.  The reason I'm excited about this place, though...  The arcade games!It seems to me that the owners spent a drunken night at Dave and Busters and cherry picked the best social games from there.  Drinking and playing with your friends is a great experience.  Pac Man Battle Royal, the light touch game (you'd know it if you saw it), trivia, skee ball, pop a shot, crane games... They've got it all.  The set up is similar to D&B's, where you purchase a card with points to play the games.  Tickets get stored on the card automatically, and you can redeem for prizes at the counter (everything from candy to cool little toys and such).I've got a couple hundred tickets on my card already, so I'll be back for more!  I've got my eyes on that Lord of the Rings PEZ collector's set...Quick tip - Get your parking validated at the bowling shoes counter next door!
3	It's a sad story that you hear every once in a while, a grand opening kick off party setting low expectations. I'm guessing they will learn to iron out the kinks here though.With a weekend packed full of stuff scheduled through the Yelp events page, I was excited to cap off Saturday Night with a grand opening party at Gypsy Bar. We heard that theres an adult's only arcade in there, and skee ball is the wifes fave! I liked what Gypsy Bar is doing with the arcade, bar, dance club atmosphere. Apparently, so does half of sun city's most eligible bachelors; the dance floor seemed to ooze ben gay. I wasn't so excited, waiting about 10+ minutes for the bar staff to notice me standing right in front of them, waiving my arms in hopes that they would grace me with their presence. "Vodka diet, and a diet coke for the DD please" I said without hesitating; I didn't want to miss my opportunity. $10 later, I wouldn't call it a cheap drink, but I certainly am glad they didn't charge $12 to pour some kettle one into my cocktail; it's about what I was expecting.We spent a few minutes checking everything out and another 45 minutes or so playing air hockey, skee ball, basket ball, and other games of the arcade variety. My best skee ball score was 34,000, in case you were wondering. I could have done better though, given enough time, money, and dedication to achieving the high score.I considered busting out my uber white guy moves on the dance floor, but I wasn't really into the 80's / 90's remix the DJ was spinning. Sir mix alot isn't on my personal play list and for good reason. In need of some personal validation, I was bounced from the girl at the door, to the bar staff (another 10 minute wait by the way), and ultimately the maitre d' desk at Lucky Strike next door to get my CityScape parking ticket stamped. Save yourself some time and skip bouncing from staff member to staff member; go directly to Lucky Strike to get your ticket validated too.I'll likely check them out again down the line, but I won't be running out the door to make a night of it if there's something better to do on a Friday or Saturday. Sorry Gypsy Bar, that's just how I saw it. Happy Yelping Phoenix.
1	So this bar is attached and affiliated to Lucky Strike and I will NEVER go here again!My number 1 reason is because they are DISHONEST!  Okay that statement is a bit of an assumption, but let me clarify.  I had left my credit card there after happy hour and didn't notice till the next morning.  I called them (Lucky Strike) later in the afternoon to ask if they had it, and after 10 mins of waiting, no card.  I did appreciate that staff member for looking.  I then called my credit card company to cancel, then I found out there was an extra charge to Lucky Strike for $3.01 the following day, and then a gas station charge, and an attempted charge to Ross, which they declined since it was suspicious.I feel as though it had to be someone from there because I was asked for my ID to order drinks, run a tab, and pay.  So an employee should have caught someone else trying to use my card there.  So after reading this you decide...As far as the Gypsy Bar goes, it was a nice looking establishment.  The service was okay, really it wasn't anything special.  The bartender got our order wrong, and it took a while to get service.  Food was okay as well.  It was priced well since it was Happy Hour, and I was looking forward to going again, but scratch that!  I would have rated this place as a 3 if it wasn't for the whole card fiasco.  I don't usually write reviews like this, but I just feel like people should beware to places trying to take advantage of you.  So sad that it had to come down to this.(Belated) YELP REVIEW CHALLENGE #24/31
3	Their fries are awesome and so is the spinach artichoke dip. The drinks seemed overpriced to me for their specialty list, by like $2 each. I usually go and get well drinks since they are cheaper so you can afford to play more games. I liked the game area, but I felt like they picked some tacky ticket games for adults.They have a good selection of old and new music as well as a nice dance floor. It has been completely dead here a few nights though on Fridays/Saturdays..I guess the decor is lacking for people or something..not sure...but for starts, they need to step up their marketing :]Oh ya we were going to do bottle service here for a birthday, but $600 quote for a dead Saturday night at a bar...was so not going to happen.
2	Great place to people watch (went on a Friday night). This place is connected to the bowling alley and tries to be a bar and a club combined into one. I don't think they did a very well job of it though.
2	Meh. I've experienced better. Ain't that the truth! Stale chips and super oniony guacamole? Even at $3, I should have passed. The order took so long to arrive that I almost cancelled it, and MAN do I wish I had... The only saving grace was the salsa - it was generic but still pretty tasty. The drink specials during happy hour weren't a bad price, but apparently there was some sort of dispute about the happy hour prices being misprinted on the fliers that were all over the bar. The bartendress honored the prices but kept exclaiming that they weren't correct. WHO CARES, LADY?? JUST GIVE ME MY BEER! AND FOR $3!!! The patron to my left asked if she could have a happy hour martini for $4 and the bartender went on a spiel about how the price is in actuality $5, plus a $2 extra alcohol charge for the second type of liquor, so that the martini would actually be $7. Or $9. I was thinking "that is NOT a happy hour martini!" until I realized that in real life (in non-happy hour time) a martini at this place ran twice as much. Sheesh, and no thanks.
4	Have been twice and so far, so good. I've only been on Saturdays and both times, the DJ blew my mind. He played some Big Boi and Philippians Remix of "Runnin'" which made my night. I get so excited over awesome music. My only issue though - it's not very crowded. :( I love to dance but when the dance floor is only half full, it's just not as fun. The gogo dancers are fantastic though. Scottsdale girls - take a note from these ladies. They tear it up! The drinks were very strong (yay alcoholism!) and the crowd is diverse. It seems so promising, but they need to draw in a larger crowd or it won't last.
5	I am quickly becoming a big fan of the new restaurants and bars in CityScape. We had a nice time at the arrogant butcher the other night, so I figured we would head back and see what else RED development has to offer. While trying to figure out where we were going to head we ran into a staff member from Gypsy Bar who told us about their Happy Hour and that they had just opened, so we decided to check it out. The place is gorgeous on the inside with artwork hung by local downtown artists all over the walls it is really well designed. We arrived slightly late for the Happy Hour, but the bartender was really cool and managed to squeeze us in for a last call if you are looking for a good Happy Hour in downtown these guys have a great one.     We stuck around until the DJ and the dancers came on and it started rocking like a full blown hot spot,  dancing, Videos on the screens, and GoGo dancers it was a really good vibe something that Downtown Phoenix can really use right now. We will definitely be back
3	Eh! I wasn't impressed by this addon to lucky strike. There is an identity crisis as well, why the name Gypsy bar? Nothing is Gypsy. The drinks are pricey and the food is meh. Eat elsewhere like at Arrogant butcher around the corner and come to lucky strike for the bowling.
3	This bar is attached to another bar in the cityscape area. The place was packed and it was difficult to move around anywhere. Bi didn't get to see the whole place but I did not see any places to sit only stand.  The attractive features of this place are the dance floor where you are able to work off some of those calories that you just drank and the arcade which makes you feel like a kid again.  Although the selection of games is limited.
1	Easily the worst establishment in downtown Phoenix. Hands down. I can't express how badly I wish I could give 0 stars to this place. Disrespect from the second we showed up to the last. I want nothing to do with the employees or the clientele and I'm embarrassed to say I wasted my New Years Eve here. I want a refund of the time I wasted here. Cityscape is a great thought. There are some gems. Unfortunately it's the trash like Gypsy Bar which will continue to pull the wrong demographic into the area and will lead to the demise of the center. If Gypsy Bar is still open in 2014 I'll eat my words, haggle with cholo bouncers and buy you all an over-priced, watered-down drink from an asshole bartender. But don't count on it.If you want a real drink in the area - go to the Blue Hound at Palomar. I promise a completely different and improved experience.
1	I will never be visiting this place again.SNOBBY EMPLOYEESOVERPRICEDMEDIOCRE FOODMINIMAL DRINK SELECTIONSHands down the worst beer selection and drink pricing I have seen in downtown Phoenix. Two of their beers that were supposed to be on tap were out. They were out of iced tea. The frier was not working.I visited here with a group of friends so I did not cause a scene because I wanted us to have a good evening. But honestly, when my girlfriend and I asked for more chips when the small amount we were given with our guacamole appetizer ran out - 1st, the waitress forgot about it - 2nd, when i asked her about it again she said ok, then came back and said that it would be the price of another appetizer to get more chips.Are you kidding me? Really? Tortilla chips are costing your shag business $9.00 to refill? On top of the mediorce beer selection, another friend in our group ordered a cocktail and stated that it was not strong at all and even felt watered down. Reading other reviews, I see that other people have felt the same way.The waitress was the snobbiest thing I've ever seen. I'm not one to put up with that when I go out to eat because I don't go to restaurants on the top of Camelback Mountain. You would've thought little miss thing was working at the Ritz Carlton. She was rude, unhelpful and deserved less than a 10% tip.Which brings me to my next issue with this extablishment. They automatically grat 20% for parties of 6 or more. that is a VERY LOW number on a party. Most restaurants do automatic grat on parties of 8 or more, and it is usually 18%.If you visit this business, expect to not be informed of what they DON'T have until you try to order it. You will receive mediocre bar food for insanely expensive prices. You will not get the drink you want and if you somehow do, it won't be what you expected. You will leave feeling robbed, cheated and wishing you went somewhere else.
1	I have to chime in here seeing those B.S. 5 star reviews.I usually give new places a pass, because I figure they have some kinks to work out, but when I see people shilling for them, I feel it ruins the purpose of yelp.First, the Bartenders and waitresses are not knowledgeable about mixed drinks, and rather rude.I ordered a Manhattan, the drink the waitress brought me was made with Scotch.  When I complained, she told me "Manhattans are always made with Scotch", she left out the, Duh.  But the tone was clear.Except, Manhattans are made with Whiskey, traditionally Rye. NEVER Scotch.I insisted, and got a new one, it was passable.Next, not wanting to deal with the B.S. I order a Maker's Mark on the rocks.  Decent pour, but when I got the bill it was $2 extra.  Now I asked the waitress, and she told me it was extra because a rocks pour is larger.  I find this dubious at best.  The drinks were already pricey, so this just galled me.If you are looking for a slice of Scottsdale Downtown, I guess this place is ok for you, but I won't be back.
4	nice place.  They had a great guitar player that we listened to while having a drink for my wife's birthday.
5	Really Guys ?? I loved this place! Was there Saturday had an amazing time! First we bowled next door had a few drinks then headed right next door great Dj a mix of good people ARCADE WAS PRETTY KOOL!!! Go Go dancers nice to look at ice breakers! drink were a little pricey but hey theres no COVER! ITS CLEAN NICE! WHAT MORE CAN YOU ASK FOR! More of a Preppy Upper Scale Bar Gay friendly! = ]
5	This place is located on the second floor and it has a nice view!  The drinks are pricey but they do offer happy hour. You have to check their happy hour and what they offer!  I enjoyed being their customer last Saturday night.
4	Tuesday night is not the night to go to Gypsy Bar.Friday is better. Saturday better still.On Tuesday nights you will likely be one of five people in the audience listening to an elderly, heavy-set woman belting out a Rihanna song accompanied by a Karaoke track. You won't see artists in the mini-stages set into the walls. Neither will you see go-go dancers. Those things are reserved for the weekends.If you go on a Friday or Saturday you'll get City Scape's closest approximation of a "scene"--with drink prices to match. It's not really LA yet, but it's trying.
5	Came here for the Phoenix NewTimes happy hour event last night. Really liked the modern vibe of the place. Cool modern artwork.Customers are able to freely walk in and out of the Lucky Strike bowling alley next door which is pretty cool.Was most impressed with the staff. The manager, named Dallas, was helping out at the bar when I arrived. I mentioned to my date how it's always nice when the bartender acknowledges your existence and doesn't just leave you hoping and wondering if you'll ever eventually be served. He struck up a conversation with us and seemed like a real cool guy. Gave us the kind of welcomed feeling that makes us want to come back.
4	Ended up here because the three other places we went to first sucked for one reason or another and this was in the vicinity.  There was a good amount of people here for a Friday night but not so packed that I felt like I needed to elbow someone in the face to get to the bar.  The music was good and the staff was friendly and quick.  My favorite part is the game room they have in the back of the club.  It's essentially a Dave & Buster's with a dance floor and better music.  I had a lot of fun and there's already been talk of making a second appearance here in the near future.
5	Gypsy Gypsie Gypsee...So, I tried Gypsie Bar at City Scape recently and I was pleasantly surprised. After hearing (and Yelp reading) a few reviews about it, I have formulated my very own take on the place:GORGEOUS! The views from this bar are amazing. Especially on the Lucky Strikes Bowling side. I drank my Redbull Vodka happily as I stared into the vast array of buildings at night. The seats/bar/layout are very modern and comfortable. The decor is posh. The lighting was not too dark, but not too bright. It was perfect! FUN- There is a bar, a dance floor, lounge, arcade and a bowling alley. I went with a few friends and had a blast. I could dance it up for a while, then stroll on over the lounge and relax. I am surprised that so many are not raving about this place! ENVIRONMENT- I enjoyed the environment here. The people were very relaxed, not too dressed up but not too dressed down ect. There was not the "I'm here to get laid" vibe which was amazing! Everyone seemed very chill and there genuinely to enjoy a night out.STAFF- The staff was very professional and sweet. They were not overly pretentious or rude which is rare for the nicer bars. The drinks were priced about the same price as they are on Mill Ave, however they are bigger and not served a plastic dixie cup (lol).Overall, I LOVED this place! I will be definitely  heading there once again in the future. Thanks for taking the time to read my review!
5	HAPPIEST HOUR! We went to the Fleetwood Mac concert at US airways last night and one of our group had heard that they have an amazing Happy Hour. They couldn't have been more right...They have a nice selection of draft beers (not super extensive) but either 2 or 3 bucks at Happy Hour, and some killer selections of food for the 3-5 dollar range. The staff was very friendly and the vibe was great for pre gaming before a show. This is my new stop before any concert or event downtown.
4	Okay. So let's get real here for a minute folks. All of you that call yourselves my friends that never told me this was behind Lucky Strike are dead to me. DEAD TO ME. I had to discover this due to a friend hosting karaoke there one night.This place makes me feel sexy just walking in. Even if I was wearing sweatpants and a hoodie. Sexy! The seating is comfortable, the dance floor is large and in charge and there's a stage if you feel the need to be the center of attention, which I sometimes do. I'm a performer, what can I say.I haven't eaten here but the drink menu is solid. Give me some whiskey and ginger concoctions and I'm game. A game room is nearby so everyone in your group can be happy and have a good time. The skew-ball is off the hook.With plenty of options and being connected to Lucky Strike, this place is a winner. Parking is validated and the light rail is nearby, so you have no more damn excuses.
3	This place was pretty cool.  They had a nice little dance floor, a decent bar (a bit pricey for the feel), a Dave n Busters style game area, and a bowling alley right next to it.  From an out of towners perspective, it was a fun time.  BTW, if you want to drink and park, the parking attendant downstairs leaves at 4ish and doesnt return till later.  So just a hint.  You have time to sober up and then not pay ANY parking fees.  I had a hotel, but yeah....oh they had these circus dancing chicks....like go go dancers but hanging from a ceiling.
4	The decor of this place is awesome.  It has a video arcade which is pretty cool.  It's connected to Lucky Strike which like a hip bowling alley.  The area behind the dance floor has panels that lift up to reveal things.  On the night I went they had artists behind the panels painting pictures like some artsy peep show.  Also the staff were all wearing some pretty wild outfits on this night which made it fun.  A little pricey on the drinks, but a cool place to check out.
4	How did it take me so long to discover the Gypsy Bar? It's an adult arcade after-all and my kind of fun! Located behind Lucky Strike, this bar is an arcade that serves alcohol. It reminds me of a mini version of the ESPN Zone. They have a great selection of games including air hockey, skee ball, basketball, car racing, guitar hero and my favorite game of all? Group PAC Man! My only qualm with this bar is that they don't dedicate the entire bar to the arcade. It's a lot of fun and a great way to enjoy a night of cocktails through a fun activity. We went on a Thursday night so it wasn't crowded but I also noticed a dance floor which could be fun on weekend nights. But you won't find me on the dance floor, you'll find me having PAC Man fever in the arcade. Between Gypsy Bar and Lucky Strike (not to mention Stand Up Live), this area is guaranteed fun for a night out. If you see me there, I'll challenge you to a game of air hockey!
4	This place was freaking awesome. Nice club, rather interesting entertainment, awesome music. We've never been here before, but I'd love to go back. The dance floor is intense. The pole dancer? Whoa! Celebrated a friends birthday here. They had food drinks and an arcade. Get crazy!
2	This is a dance club? LOL. Guess a place can't determine the crowd that comes in...or can it??  I'll bring extra money to play the games next time. Maybe I'm just antisocial but having a bathroom for me to pee in while strolling through downtown at night was the best part. Zing!
4	I went there on a Sunday night so the place was fairly dead however the staff was great and even gave us some cards to enjoy the games for 15 minutes so that we could have fun while we hung out.  It was a great vibe and it seems like it would be a cool place to hang when there are other people around.  The animal art on the wall was a little strange but it added to the eclectic nature of this great place!
4	I like this bar. Cheap drinks, a full arcade and lively people, isn't that all you want in a bar? I had a lot of fun here and my tab ended up being so cheap.The drinks are strong and not amazing but they will get you hammered. There was also live art being done by the dj booth when I was there which was mesmerizing.The crowd is mixed, not too young not too old and there is a good guy to girl ratio, it was fairly even. I will definitely go here again.
3	I was at the pool hall next door but you can walk freely between the establishments. What first caught my eye was this bunny (blond w nice body, bunny ears and tail) lackadaisically strolling into Gypsy - I saw that there was a plethora or said bunnies in there, and I tried to figure out if this was a club, a bar or a playground for adults. I still do not have the answer. It was late, and I was too tired to spelunk down this rabbit hole of intrigue and folly. Maybe I should have followed Alice's example, because unquestionably and with certain I would have found a strange beverage down there that would have pleaded "drink me", and I would have foolishly complied. I will have to put together an expedition and explore this oddity in the heart of downtown Phoenix.
2	So I went to this place for the reviews but was disappointed when I actually went. The music was okay, Latin inspired and the decor was nice, good use of lights but it doesn't feel like a separate establishment from Luck Strike - that's because it's not, it's a part of Lucky Strike. There's a nice arcade and there are dancers in shadow boxes, the drinks were cheap and good too. The crowd was light, and there were couches surrounding the dance floor, which was large! Overall, it felt like an addition to Lucky Strike, not a separate club. It's a place to bring a date, go out with friends or go after a game of bowling.
4	And I love the Gypsy Bar.  You can play arcade games, and go next door to go bowling too!  They also, as i found last week have a photo booth.  Yayskies.  The drinks are reasonably priced, and every time Ive gone, mostly Saturdays for Peep Me XOXO, the music is freaking awesome. AND there is live painting by a variety of artists weekly, I myself have painted there on occasion.  Super cool setup, very respectful of their talent. Go have a good time!
5	We had so much fun there last night!  Now granted it was the Saturday before Halloween so I don't know if the crowd was the normal size and mix but we had such a great time.  There were 21 year olds up to 50 southings there for a good mix.  I can't stand it when a bar is full of the barely legal crowd.  The drinks were yummy and the bartenders were FABULOUS!  Even when I couldn't spit out what I wanted they were patient and friendly.  We danced and drank for hours and will definitely be back.
2	I went here for the first time on Saturday and I didn't like it. The place just does not have a good vibe. Staff members I encountered were nice and the performers were fun to watch, but other than that, this place feels like where dreams go to die. Maybe I don't understand the appeal. You also have to walk thru a crowd of smokers to get in or out.
2	Downtown Phoenix bar.  Old Town Scottsdale prices.  I guess that's Gypsy Bar's way of making up for not charging a cover but still validating parking.It's half dance club, half arcade.  There are hot girls dancing on little stages and people randomly drawing artwork, but somehow this place has no personality.  If you're looking for a spot with a nightclub feel that's in the middle of a part of town that has a weak nightlife, you'll probably have a better time than I did.
2	Heres a geography lesson for the management at Gypsy Bar. Sam Adams is brewed in Massachusets, Kilt Lifter is brewed in Arizona, this means that these beers are in fact DOMESTIC.(refer to dictionary for definition of domestic) So if you advertise a happy hour price for domestic drafts I have a problem with you charging me the price for an import draft. ESPECIALLY when you disclose that your ringing up my domestically brewed draft as an "import" after ive already ordered four of them. Yes, this happened. I chose not to make issue of it because it was only a $1 difference but i was turned off by this. If your running a business you need to be clear about what your charging people. Gypsie bar has an arcade, a very small arcade. I did not find any games i was compelled to play. As far as the mixed drinks go, they are basic and the pricing is not competitive with other places in the area that actually offer craft drinks at the same price. with all the options downtown i dont really see a reason to re visit this place. It seems like a corporate idea to expand lucky strickes revenue rather than an attempt to add a quality offereing to the area.
3	For my first time in Arizona this place was great good music, live artist and fire dancers good overall atmosphere it could have been better if the bar service was not so BAD. I waited about 20 minutes for a drink the bartenders kept walking pass me and my group Not Nice. BAR SERVICE WORST EVER!!!
5	Thank you awesome service. This is a great spot to start out your night. Awesome food and prices
5	Great happy hour with good food and awesome service! Great way to start a night downtown!!
3	This memorial day weekend, let's take some time to remember great American pastimes. Baseball. Apple pie. And of course, getting sloshed at bowling alleys when you swore you'd actually bowl this time. If you're a conceited prick like me, you'll understand Brunswick is full of old people and has that trailer-park vibe. AMF is too young, and riddled with underage patrons taking shots in the parking lot (I know from experience). Like an ageist Goldilocks, I declare Gypsy Bar to have a crowd that's "just right". These cocktails are expensive AF ($11), but most of them are made with top shelf liquor. I went with "The Goose" that had Grey Goose (duh), Grapefruit, and some other stuff I can't pronounce or care about because the first two ingredients make everything good. Skip that Tullamore Dew swill and a couple of other concoctions of plebeian swill, and you'll be just fine.Too bad it took forever to get it out. Like, 20 minutes to order a drink, get it, and pay for it. Unacceptable, considering half the tables and a good portion of bar seating was empty. There's so much atmosphere to enjoy, but no one is really indulging in it. There's a DJ in a very exquisite segment of the lounge, and no one was dancing, even though so many people were dressed as if they wanted to. On my way out, I had fun in the arcade, which is small, but has all the essential multiplayer games that make for fun nights out with friends. I like. Overall, this place has some kinks to work out. "Come here on Saturday!" is what I keep hearing from my friends, but no way in hell should any bar in this neck of the woods only have one good day a week. For now, I'm a-ok with any establishment combining good drinks, good seating, and video games.
5	I came with a group of friends from out of town. We went to the bar twice, once for happy hour and once on our last night in town. They had a great karaoke set up and great drinks. We all had a great time and danced the night away. They also had an arcade. We didn't play any of the games but it was cool to see in a bar.
2	I came here as a part of a friend's birthday barhop last night and I have to say it met my low expectations. The music was all the same (unce unce unce), the wait staff was dismissive, and the cocktails were terrible. All of our drinks were way too sweet - no mint leaves could be seen in my passion mojito... was it really even a mojito then? I didn't have any food, but my friends who did seemed satisfied with it despite it taking a while to come out. The lighting was virtually nonexistent, not even in the "setting the mood" good kind of way - we all had to break out our phone flashlights so we could be able to read the menus.I would've given it only one star, but I decided it earned two because of the nice $5 arcade card check-in deal. Plus, we did get a nice view of post-baseball game fireworks show. Overall, though, I can't say I'll be very eager to return for anything except for the arcade games. It's just not my kind of place.
4	This is a great place to host a party or special event. The main floor is nicely decorated with a large bar counter, and lots of lounge seating. There is a small stage for live performances and a small DJ booth too. Upstairs is one of the main attractions with a roof top bar. Although, it can get a bit uncomfortable depending on the temperature since you are outdoors. The cocktail prices are a bit pricey for me and depending on when you go, there may be an admission fee. One thing I don't like about the building is the elevator; I think it needs to be ungraded somehow since it's very slow and only allow about 4-5 people max at a time. The staircase might be a quicker option, but you have to walk up a lot of steps...
3	I could easily give Gypsy Bar 4 stars for their Happy Hour deals from 3-7p daily, serving generous portions of quality food and drinks while offering a chill atmosphere for getting together after work.  However, when trying to organize a recent going away gathering for a coworker, I tried calling, leaving messages and even emailing via their website with no response.  Finally on the day of I finally got a live person, and they were helpful.  WHY can't they return calls or emails??   Luckily they were not busy that day and we took over a large community table available inside. While I have only even once passed through one night I can't say I remember much or likely didn't stay very long so I can't evaluate the scene then but I can say that one this last visit my coworkers enjoyed playing a few rounds of Giant Pac-Man and skeeball .
3	It was my best friend's 21st birthday and we wanted to go some place fun with dancing. We looked online and stumbled upon the Gypsy Lounge. The pictures and area seemed promising. So away we went. There was a great variety of music from today and a few songs from yesterday that you can't help but dance to. The birthday girl even got a free shot! (Kudos). The dance floor was a little small and not a lot of people were dancing which was a shame. In different spots by the dance floor, there were people painting which I thought was really unique.But if everything seems great, why the three stars? The service. When you eventually got helped, the bartenders had a sort of attitude. They seemed to get mad when they couldn't hear me trying to shout my order because the music was so loud. They take a really long time to make the drinks but they eventually get to you. At one time while waiting for some shots, we thought the waitress forgot our order because it was taking too long. I purchased the shots with my card and gave cash for a tip, but when I looked at my account a few days later, I saw that the tip was also taken from my card as well.If the service can improve, the Gypsy lounge would be a place I would definitely go to again. In the meantime, I'll try out some of the other bars and lounges that downtown and Mill Ave have to offer
2	Both bars served terrible drinks. One didn't wash the cleaner out of the glass enough, the other didn't seem to notice the mixer was flat. If you want to tolerate awful remixes and bad drinks this may be an option. If you want a decent drink in a good (not desperate) atmosphere, stay away! Never going back again.
5	What a fun place! Dance floor, entertaining painters, and video games....something for everyone!
4	Their happy hour specials are fantastic!  I keep coming back for that alone.  Happy hour is from 4-7pm M-F, and a domestic draft was $2.  However, the last 2 times I went, the draft beers were not very cold.  I am used to ice cold beers at most bars, and the beer here was not as cold as at most other bars.  The glasses were not chilled either, though this is not a 'must'...it would have been a nice touch.Service is hit or miss.  Sometimes it is great, and other times it is very mediocre.  Love the arcade area, and like the music as the night goes on.Gypsy Bar: Please make sure the beers (and the glasses that you serve the beers in) are ice cold and focus more on attentive and consistent customer service.  If those improvements are made, I would give Gypsy Bar a 5.  For now, the happy hour specials are the only reason it gets a 4 instead of a 3  :)
