5	I got my teeth whitened by Tamar at T & G and love the results.  Before we started, she determined what my starting tooth shade was.  I did the upgrade and had three back to back sessions that each lasted 15 minutes.  At the end, we went outside to compare my results, and I was 8 shades whiter! I am so pleased with the results.  Tamar is very professional, and obviously very knowledgable about the process and the product.  If you are thinking about getting your teeth whitened, call T & G, you will love the results.
5	I went to get my teeth whitening recently and was very satisfied. My teeth came out extremely white and the procedure was convenient. They are very professional and great customer service. They come highly recommended from me.
4	I'll admit, I wasn't sure of what to think, since this service was offered as a promo for Houseseats, but now that I've had a chance to go, I'm definitely not a skeptic anymore.I showed up and we began with paperwork and a consultation to determine the before shade of my teeth, as well as possible after shades (should I decide to do all of the treatments.  With the Houseseats promotion, you get the first two 15 minute treatments for free, but can opt to upgrade for the third 15 minute treatment for $20.Basically, the products are De Vinci, organic (plant/mineral based), containing 16% hydrogen peroxide (safe for women who are pregnant/nursing).  This gel is applied to your teeth by Tamar for each session, with time between the sessions to rinse and spit out the product before reapplication.  Then, you are led to the area with the lamps (situated by a reclining chair) are high-quality LED lamps.Supposedly the results last up to three years, and honestly, the results are dependent on how porous your teeth are--if more or less substances seep through.  I was lucky enough to have porous teeth, so that the whitening, I saw a remarkable difference.  The catch is that I did upgrade to the third session, paid the $20, and she had marked me for a -1, meaning that I had gone up a few shades in my whitening teeth.  Basically, I threw whatever questions I had at Tamar and she was able to answer each and every one with a precise and distinct answer.  She was very professional and conducted each session (I was in with two other girls that were staggered appointments within the 3 sessions that I had paid for, since there are 2 chairs and LED lamps).  She also offered a whitening pen for $50 (not the same strength/concentration as the De Vinci treatment that I had just paid for, but a De Vinci whitening pen that could be used on spots, immediately after eating or drinking items that could stain my teeth), but I chose not to buy the item.All in all, a good experience for me.  I did, however, notice a slight discomfort in my teeth from the whitening procedure, but it went away overnight.  I'm guessing that this is NOT a procedure for people with overly sensitive teeth...For me, though, it was worth it.  I was able to go up quite a few shades and the effects are still visible.  I plan to return again in the future, should I decide to whiten my teeth.
5	I have to say that I was also a little skeptical walking in. I've always gotten my teeth whitened at my dentist, so I didn't know if this was going to work. I have to say that my teeth have never been whiter. I smoke and drink coffee everyday and after my visit, you cant see it in my teeth. I felt no pain and have nothing but great things to say. I will recommend T&G to everyone I know.
5	I signed up through house seats and the appointment went perfect. I only did the two sessions and I have hardly any sensitivity, infact I ate ice cream an hr after the appointment. My teeth are  3 shades whiter and look great. The lady there is very nice and super considerate. I will definitely go back in several months to do it again.
1	Absolutely the most unprofessional "customer service" I've ever received. I would more appropriately label this a "customer disservice." I'm an EXTREMELY tolerable person and hate to give bad ratings yet this couldn't go unnoticed. I'll spare the details as there were SO many flaws I actually thought a friend had set me up - as if I were on a hidden camera show. As for the actual whitening, it wasn't that noticeable after only a few days. The procedure was mildly uncomfortable (as expected with teeth whitening) yet relatively quick. I guess you get what you pay for? I'll stick with Zoom. Unfortunately, I am unable to recommend this service to anyone.
5	I was nervous going into this. I had never got teeth whitening before and with my sister being a dental hygienist I have heard horror stories. However, once I got there Tamar was so friendly and put me at ease. She was professional, knowledgeable, and had a good sense of humor. The procedure was painless. I experienced no pain or sensitivity at all. Even after drinking ice water I experience no pain or sensitivity. The results were awesome, even though it did take the third treatment to really shine. I went from a 15 to a 1 in three treatments. I love my new white smile and will definitely come back for another round of treatments in 6 months to really lock in my white smile. Definitely a 5 star rating.
4	I've never gone anywhere to get my teeth whitened, I always just use the strips, but I use them inconsistently so I never see the maximum results. I had turned down the offer from T&G many times, finally fed up with my not so white teeth, I decided to give it a try.  I like the fact you can get the trouble done and over with in less than an hour, instead of trying to do strip treatments on a daily basis.Tamar was very sweet and explained everything thoroughly. She set me up in my recliner chair, made sure my mouth guard was comfy (even padded it for me if it was rubbing on my gums), and went to work applying whitening product. I was more than surprised that it was not uncomfortable. Expect your mouth to get really dry, but it's only for a short time. I went ahead and got the 3 treatments, and I thought the 3rd round is what made the difference. I skipped the whitening pen she was selling, since I still have whitening strips in my drawer. I only had really light tingling after my treatment, she advices to take over the counter pain reliever if needed, but I didn't find it necessary at all. It's been  a few days and they're still white, not super pearly like I would like but much better. Well worth it.
5	Tamar is very professional and clearly an expert at what she does, and perfectionist demeanor is always welcome when it comes to working on my grill. She explains everything up front and then gets down to business.  Her space is a little hard to find at first, but where there's a great place to get your teeth whitened for a smokin' deal, there's a way! And Tamra gives GOOD directions too. If you enter through Suite 150, just walk forward into the big, pretty wooden door and she's just down the hall on the right. Or! Ask one of the nice folks who work in the salon. It takes about an hour, but as teeth bleaching goes, it was relaxing, painless, and no foamy drool rolling down your face. The cost is beyond reasonable and well worth it, so I'm very pleased all-in-all. I will definitely return to Tamar next time want to whiten my smile up! ;o) Janet
5	Very pleased with my results after 6-(15 minute sessions) in 2 appointments 2 weeks apart. I was shocked what my dentist wanted for same results of over $500. I am a -1 and started a 15. My husband noticed and said he is now interested. Tamar is very sweet and I have no idea why anyone would rate her any less than professional. My sensitivity was mild and goes away by the next day. It is worth it...she makes you feel very comfortable and overall a pleasant experience for teeth whitening. I used stripes before and never got this great of a result. I feel the stripes are just as expensive over time and not as effective. I am new to the area and was very happy I found T and G!
5	Tamar was great. I was looking for a place to do some last minute teeth whitening. She was able to schedule an appointment that day. The office place was a bit small. But it was very clean. She compared my teeth shade and explained what product she wold be using. It turned out great!!! And my teeth were not sensitive after. Tamar made sure I was comfy the whole time. The only thing I suggest is bring a sweater it was really cold in the office.
5	First off, I am absolutely thrilled with my results! I've used crest white strips forever, and while they do work, my teeth are at a whole new level now. I swear i look like i just got veneers. Tamar was great! She was so accommodating and informative in explaining the process to me. She even went out of her way to give me a blanket during the treatment because I was cold. The entire thing was less than an hour long and I am so happy with my results. I highly recommend her if you want to vamp up your smile!
1	The women running the business is a very scary-looking and rude woman. She doesn't even have nice teeth herself. The office wasn't very professional looking at all and my teeth didn't even look much whiter after the procedure (Maybe 4 shades?). Groupon holders beware there are way better ways of getting whiter teeth for $100
