4	TLDR: limited seating, oven available, outdoor patio, no drive-thru, wi-fi iffyStarbucks has always strived to perform excellent customer service in order to provide its customers with a positive experience. My experience at this location reflects their continued commitment to this standard. This Starbucks is probably an older location as it does not have the amenities compared to the other locations, such as no drive-thru, and limited merchandise for sale. This place is frequented by the migrant wanderers that stroll the area, but they tend to keep to themselves, like most "normal" people. The seating is limited, so finding your treasured side table with accessible outlets may prove difficult at this location, but its quaint size may allow for louder background noise than expected. You might be better off studying elsewhere. Drinks are pretty standard at this location with no problems from each of my experiences; however, they'll re-make your drink correctly should issues arrive. But, this is standard at any Starbucks location.
1	Slowest Starbucks ever. When the line is 10 people deep, the barista still only makes one drink at a time. Try to avoid if you can.
3	I've been here twice so far and the staff has been very nice. But the store itself is very dirty. Both times the floor is unswept, fingerprints all over the glass and the tables are not wiped down. The drinks and food are good, average Starbucks quality. Someone here needs to get out a mop.
1	Slowest service and rude patrons. I'd rather get a gas station coffee over this. Baristas don't know how to make their drinks and they are super slow. Bad service. They don't ask you what you want on your drink and they don't listen when you say no whip.
3	I do not like coming to this SB location if I don't have to. While it is the closest location to my work and the staff is friendly, parking is horrible and the restrooms are usually filthy. On the up side, I was able to find the holiday gift cards I was looking for.
