5	One of the best places to get really good & cheap food at PHX! They have a big selection of pizza slices to choose from, including vegetarian & vegan choices. And the food is actually really yummy. I had a slice of the margarita pizza, and if my eyes had been closed I would not have known it was airport food. The crust was light and thin, and it was full of a wonderful garlic basil flavor with lots of cheese. With prices like $6 for 2 slices and a drink, no wonder the Pizza Hut in the same row is empty.
4	Holy moly. I found myself starving when I landed in Phoenix and wishing I had taken a Moe's burrito to go from Hartsfield-Jackson. No need, because Phoenix has seriously awesome vegan cheese pizza that's affordable and delicious.I'm not usually a big pizza person, but from time to time, a foldy, melty, (vegan) cheesy slice is just the thing. They didn't have vegan slices available as a quick-take option, but I ordered two vegan cheese slices with mushrooms and olives. It set me back a mere six bucks, and they actually gave me a personal pizza with four big slices, and they ain't stingy with the toppings. Oh, hell yes.This really is New York style pizza, if you ask me, and the crust--usually my least favorite part--is chewy and flavorful and pretty great. The vegan cheese was melty, the toppings were generous, and they sprinkled the whole thing with fresh herbs. This was some of the best pizza I've had, and it was in a freaking airport.The staff are really friendly, which often isn't the case in airports. I had to wait about ten minutes for my custom pizza to come out. New York Pizza Dept. is located across from Gate B8, not a bad walk from concourse D, where I trekked over from. They have a few outlets, and you can access PHX's free wifi, so I was able to play Dominion and catch up on my Google Reader while waiting for and eating my tasty pizza.
5	Love the big kahuna slice!
3	The "Order Here/Pay Here" layout is crappy and confusing when it gets busy. The woman at the pay here station was so rude. I said hello and asked how she was and she didn't reply. I got 2 slices of cheese pizza which was a cheap, $4.70 after tax. The pizza was good enough that I'd eat it again if I needed something quick at PHX.
4	I love that Sky Harbor is brining in a lot of local restaurants and was excited to try out NYPD pizza.  I've heard great things from friends and I understand why.  The pizza is delicious and it is reasonably priced, especially for the airport.  It can get pretty busy here though, so if you have a tight connection and you see a line, keep moving.
4	Pizza joint and airport don't go we'll, but this place is an exception. They sell pizza by slices and they pretty good. Next time I fly through PHX I will make it a point to stop here.( took a star away for the confusing menu description of the combos, u have to ask for the drink in the combo, maybe that's how they do it in New York :) )
4	It's not often you can find fresh pizza in an airport.  It's even rarer when the pizza is good.  Amazingly, this joint has both.My wife and I were starving and in a bit of hurry (also, quite flummoxed after having to hike from one end of Sky Harbor to the other) but we wanted to make sure we got food before we boarded our next flight.  If you're in a hurry, I wouldn't try this spot.  Reheating pizza takes significant time--which you obviously don't have.  If you can spare the 10 or so minutes to wait for it to be recooked, jump in line.  Don't be surprised if there's a build up of patrons as it's a small dining area, spot of a wait and lack of proper direction.  Plus, when people are in large groups their IQ points drop, anyway, which doesn't help.Two slices and a drink for $6 is a great deal anywhere, and to find that in an airport is phenomenal.  Slices were super flavorful and not even remotely heavy.  Should I end up back in the Sky Harbor, I'll do my best to track this place back down--this time hopefully able to savor the food as opposed to inhaling it.
4	I gotta give it to them, these folks handled a line full of disgruntled airport passengers like pros! At first, I walked right by because the line was incredibly long and I didn't feel like waiting. I quickly discovered that no other food options in my terminal were going to satiate my need for Vitamin G. The wait went by quickly, and about three minutes after I placed my order and paid, I was presented with two gloriously sizzling slices of pepperoni pizza. I loved the seasoning, someone with a heavy hand had a say in the oregano and garlic sprinkling - amen! Part of me was expecting Pizza Hut style re-heated 'za, but this was cooked to order and so very tasty. It was shoulder to shoulder while we waited so I was able to hear the know-it-all old man behind me tell the young cashier that they should really rearrange their display so people in line can read the pizza descriptions, and also, they should be larger. That nice young cashier handled him with grace, while I rolled my eyes.
5	I was greeted with a genuine smile.  She gave the name of the cashier and everyone seemed to enjoy working at this place.  That is so unusual!!  The food is fresh, since it's in an airport, and the prices were reasonable!!  Will and have recommended this place already!!
3	Good pizza, but VERY limited seating.  Good luck trying to get a  table a busy times in the airport.Otherwise, every bit as good an airport pizza has a right to be...  ;)
4	Friendly service and tasty pie. I try to grab a bite here everytime I fly through Sky Harbor.
1	Sorry but who ever designed the order at one end pay at the other end and fight though all the people waiting in line to pickup your order in the middle is brainless and as stupid as your pizza is greasy
1	Decided to try again. I don't know why. Pizza is actually okay, but the service is so inadequate that can't endorse this place. The cashier didn't give correct change and simply can't be bothered with customers, and last time, I had no cheese on my pizza. Guess I'll go out of my way to Humble Pie next time.
1	I've never experienced a place with more brain-dead employees and broken processes. I purposely ordered a slice of the pizza that just came out of the oven so I wouldn't have to wait.  One person took my order and gave me a receipt (the pizza was right in front of her and she could have easily handed it to me) then I had to pay a separate cashier. Then I watched as two people walked around like zombies as slow as the human body could possibly move and my slice of pizza arrived 10 minutes later.  Ridiculous.
4	Very good pizza! It is not greasy and the prices are what I expect for an airport. It is higher than I would pay off airport, but not on airport property.
1	Awful. Cucumbers in salad were rotten. Wings cooked so hard the bones broke. Floors and tables nasty. Size of portions inconsistent. Not that you wanted more.
4	As someone who frequents the B concourse at this airport I can vouch for the the quality of the pizza they put out. Is it the best I've ever had? Far from it, but compared to the sky high ( no pun intended) prices at all airport vendors, this place is a breath of fresh air! Totally reasonable and good.  I guarantee this is where most of the crews go ;) that says a lot.
4	And out of nowhere unsuspectingly a good slice of pizza at the airport. I have to say the several times I have chosen to eat a Phoenix airport has been better than any other food courts located in airports or malls. It all started with a sample taste. Then I scurried about the terminal seeking other edibles. I came back to New York Pizza Dept and went for the whole slice. For a few bucks it was a steal of a deal to eat an an airport, and if you dare fly US Airways then you can cash in on this bonus too!
5	Better then any other airport pizza.  Quite nice. Friendly staff. Busy at times. Still nice.
4	I was surprised that the sandwiches at this restaurant were cheaper than the prepackaged ones at the many convenience store-type places throughout the airport. I got the turkey pesto on focaccia for ~$8, which is pricey in general but by airport standards reasonable. Plus, It turned out to be a huge amount of food! Each half sandwich could've been one meal by itself, plus sandwich orders come with a pickle and bag of chips. In addition to turkey, the sandwich included tomato, spinach, and provolone cheese. I only wished that they held off a bit on the strong mayo-based pesto dressing. The very soft focaccia bread was oily and savory enough, so the sandwich did not need so much added fat for flavor. Grilling or warming the sandwich might also improve it. All in all, if you have a big appetite, you should get a sandwich here for a similar price as much smaller sandwiches available at other stores nearby. Sandwich orders take a bit longer than pizza orders, but I waited less than 10 minutes so if your gate is close it should not be a problem.
4	My mom and I loved the pizza, absolutely delicious. In the airport with limited seating, but convenient for those long layovers when you need good food in your belly :D
4	Reasonably priced, tasty airport food?  YES!!!!  Nice staff who are efficient, and the pizza is really really good.  One slice and a soda for a fiver.
1	NYPD Pizza just sold me Budweiser and told me it was Stella.  As I was ordering my Stella a friend of the cashier asked me "do you like Budweiser?"  He thought he was funny.  Shortly after tasting the beer I realized that it was obviously Budweiser.  Is this illegal?
4	Tasty pizza. Came here for a slice on a stopover from New York to California. This helped me curb my New York pizza withdrawals. Not much room to sit, but it was a good place to grab a slice on the go.
1	Would have like to get a slice but this turdhole doesn't make pizza's after 7pm. Man I am in Phoenix old people don't eat after 6pm so the airport restaurants close down
5	Delicious pizza!!!!! I ordered the chess pizza because every other meat option was either with pork or chicken - meh! But omg!! The cheese was soo yummy!!! Good amount of cheese and sauce, puffy edge w little crispy base crust...The server asked if I wanted the special 2 slices + drink for $7 I thought two slices was too much.. Anyways I declined and ordered one slice... Half way through I knew I was gonna order another one! So delicious! I noticed later that they also have boneless wings.. I would have tried that as well but I was already I'll after my two slices - next time! :)
