5	Quick Summation:Bar 11 is bar none the best ....dive bar, college bar, lunasea party bar, and pick-up bar in the 'burgh.  This will date me but, I remember when Rob first took this place over.  It opened at 5am (not joking) for the night crew at the mills.  They served breakfast, pickled eggs...you get the picture.  The regulars had their own bar stools, answering service (pay phone) and everyone was from the neighborhood.  Anyway - about a year later...Bar 11 became such a success, that the City of Pittsburgh had to change 11th St. to a one way street - Way TOO Much traffic for the hood.  This little dive bar in Pittsburgh became an overnight media sensation because the patrons decided that it was much more convenient to use the sidewalks as a bathroom, so the residents started videotaping, installed motion activated cameras and pressing charges!Rob started the Lunasea party to hand out candy to children (Duquesne Coeds), pickup young chicks and to howl at the moon (he could howl really well!). So, in tribute to this months full moon - a review of Bar 11, the BEST place in the 'burgh for a Lunasea Party!
3	This bar is a beautiful mess. Absolutely hilarious and a must-hit spot on any bar crawl. I would recommend making this your last stop - it's always better at that point when you have no idea what you're doing anymore.
5	My new favorite bar in Pittsburgh. Who knew highlighters and booze can be so much fun? The drinks are simple and strong, bartenders are nice and breathe fire, the crowd is a very diverse mix including a guy in a hot dog costume and a bouncer wearing a santa claus outfit.
5	I absolutely love visiting this bar when I head to Pittsburgh with my BF for the holidays.  The walls are covered in tinfoil, everyone has drinks in had and smiles on their faces.  Name tags with highlighter are handed out so everyone walks around with funny names on their backs.  The bar itself is covered in candy & trinkets and I always get 2 rubber ducks in my drinks.  The music is blaring and there's a drum hanging from the ceiling that anyone can bang on.  There are tons of lights all over the place and they just dance from one side of the room to the other, bouncing off the tinfoil.  The owner (maybe manager?) walks around in a hard hat with a blow horn when he has to get through the crowd.  It's a great dive bar.  This place may be packed around the holidays, but it's always a great hang out and guarranteed good time.
5	Ooooh this place. Ooooooooooohhh my goodness this place. So. So. So nutty and wonderful. This is where I take everyone that is visiting Pittsburgh. Definitely best on a Thursday, Friday or Saturday night. Get there a little early if you like to sit. Hay barrels to sit on, toys to play with when you get a drink, PBR pounderz for CHEAP, candy, NAME TAGS, good music, cowbells, bike wheels, random things hanging from the ceiling [usually by season or holiday], bartenders lighting the bar on fire, BREATHING FIRE, banging on drums, mixing music, I could go on and on. OH and you can smoke in here so if you smoke it's the best. If you don't, well...sorry. This is the best kept semi-secret in Pittsburgh, and absolutely the most fun you'll have in the South Side. LOVE. IT. HARD. AND TIP YOUR BARTENDERS!
5	This is perhaps my favorite dive bar in any of the cities I'm familiar with.  Located just off the main drag of South Side, it's not as crowded as some of the other bars on Carson.  IT IS SO BIZARRE but in the best way you can possibly imagine.  There are tons of bike wheels, aluminum foil and other seasonal objects all over the walls and ceiling, name tags that are always fun to play with after a couple of drinks, and an amazing staff with tons of bar tricks (breathing fire with Bacardi 151, etc.).  Drinks are cheap, music is pretty good.  I will say to get there early as seating is limited and this place fills up eventually.  One of the most unique bars I've ever been to.
5	My favorite dive bar in Pittsburgh.  Enough Said. Well, not enough.  I love how crazy and divey it is here.   Anytime someone come's to visit me in the burgh - this is where I take them.  Service can be spotty, it is hot and sweaty, and the next morning I always wake up with a highlighter mustache.  What is not to love?!? Welcome to hotmessland.  I wouldn't recommend going here before midnight - it will be dead and as the South Side drunks start to roll in that is when the party really starts.
5	This place is insane-and by insane I mean absolutely freaking awesome!  This little dive looks unassuming from the outside, nestled a few blocks off of busy Carson St, but don't be fooled-step through the doors and welcome to crazy town!You walk into a room full of smoke from a smoke machine.  Britney Spears might be playing, or maybe a little Ram Jam-who knows!  Once you squeeze your way up to the bar and get your drinks, the bartender gives you a handful of plastic toys-fish, rubber ducks, spiders, candy necklaces, rings-again, who knows what you'll get here!  The place is decked out in black lights and they give you highlighters which are then used to write all over each other.  A foam machine also kicks on every 10 minutes or so leaving those standing under it covered in bubbles.  Just nuts.  I would recommend having a few drinks before coming here, the craziness might overwhelm a sober person.
4	This is NOT your average bar!  It's actually above and beyond that.  You don't go in for just the drinks.  You go in for the foil covered walls, the toys in every drink or the bartenders that breath fire.  Don't forget the summer solstace party where they turn the sprinklers on inside the bar.  Friday and Saturday can get so packed it's hard to move, but sometimes that's the fun of it all.  It's like an extra super special dive bar experience!
4	Bar 11 will remind you how much fun you are to drink with.
4	in theory this place sounds like a miss. oh, so they have toys? and its really loud and sweaty? ok, no thanks i'm not 17 anymore.but - then you experience it, and somehow it all makes sense. the atmosphere of this place really makes you want to have fun.. because once you get inside you really have no other choice.places like this you can't force - but when the stars align and your friends stumble over around midnight, theres an 99% chance you'll have fun.
3	Another fine establishment that I have outgrown. I haven't been to this place in years but it was always a good time. The only way to describe the place is...different. you enter through meat curtains (go ahead, chuckle) into a land of tin foil and twigs decorating the bar. Make sure you bring a highlighter so you can draw on your inebriated comrades. Order a drink, get some toys.
3	Yes! I have heard about this place but never made it there because it is a little off the beaten path. Everyone that goes here is aware of how ridiculous everything is! Don't take yourself too seriously because your friend will probably write on your face with highlighter ( so you look like an Navi) when you are trying to talk to a cute boy.Pro: sensory overload, toys, candy necklaces, highlighter fun, everyone one is friendly (no sside bros that are trying to fight). Con: Cash Only (their ATM was broken), this sucked so we could only grab a couple rounds. If you want something different check it out! If you are conservative in the least bit you might want to keep walking. I was given Tranny Porn while at the bar and there is a Topless Women on the entrance to the restroom. I think its hilarious, other might not though.
1	At the risk of offending fans of Bar 11, I just don't get it. All the glowing reviews of amazing nights at this bar and all I came away with was that this must be what it's like to party with your embarrassing dad in his retro basement, him still clinging to the toys and memorabilia of his youth, still dressed in those 70's/ 80's tshirts, groovy headband complete with Hair Band hair and convinced for all the world that he's still the coolest rocker alive.  Except he's your DAD and you'd like to crawl under a rock....or wish HE would. Time to grow up, dad. Time to move on.I doubt most people drinking at Bar 11 these days know about the 2003 fire that killed 100 patrons at The Station in Rhode Island.  That being said, that fire stuff at Bar 11?  All that flammable crap hanging from every conceivable spot above, below and all around is a catastrophe waiting to happen.  Beware.One more thing....was there ANY Captain in that Diet Coke?  We watched a healthy shot going in so why couldn't you taste it?  VERY weak drinks!
4	First time I came here it was the middle of July and the bartenders were wearing full Santa Claus costumes.  Tinsel was everywhere.  I was fallen on *twice* by the end of the night by a very large intoxicated man hitting on a bachelorette party.  Black lights and lasers everywhere. You get candy necklaces and toys with your drinks.  And the gin and tonics come in pint glasses.You probably know whether you'll enjoy Bar 11 or not, its ridiculous and you should be mentally prepared.
4	Pittsburgh's best wormholea sensory overload,party drugs a must.(b)
2	Hipster heaven, complete with PBR and candy necklaces.  The bartender makes weak drinks and jokes alike.  The random playlist from Gaga to Pantera to bands-I-don't-know lets the average bar-hopper know that Bar 11 is both more eclectic and cooler than you.  I've given this place many tries and it always disappoints.  The Summer Solstice party is a mecca for the unwashed masses in skinny jeans, so I'll pass on by once again.
5	Ahhh... Yes... Like the other gentleman, I will date myself... I too rem when Rob took over. I had the fun night of guest bartending with one of gf. :) Back then, there was a HUGE group of regulars. I could walk-in on any given night, even without $$ and a drink would be waiting for me as I made my rounds to say hello. Always a lot of fun. Timmy from Road Rules used to bartend there before he was on RR. And we used to bring the bands that played at Metropol (dating myself) back to Bar 11 for drinks, after the shows. From my memory, Rancid & Mighty Mighty Bosstones both drank there.
4	Came here on 'Highlighter' night... great times, stiff drinks.
5	I had an absolute blast here on NYE!  I think the stars finally aligned for a fun New Years Eve.  FINALLY!  You know how it usually goes, let's over hype the holiday thinking this will be the best night EVER!  Then some couple starts fighting, someone throws up, or it ends up being a total snoozefest.  Going here I had no expectations at all.  It was $50 all you can drink, which to me, is a decent price for a NYE special.  There was even a good spread of snacks.  Although it makes me a little nervi eating off a tray of food halfway through the night with lots of drunk strangers, I was still impressed.  You could also "help yourself" to your own drinks in one corner.  It was more like a back room though.  There was spiked lemonade and punch jars next to laundry detergent.  Don't mix those two up!!  This year, not like years in the past (or so I've been told), you could go behind the bar and make drinks too.  But this year the owner and a couple bartenders were back there serving drinks.  They also had random coolers of beer (Yuengling and Miller LIght) in every nook and cranny....so wherever you turned, you were stocked up!They only sell 75 tickets.  It doesn't seem like a lot, but this place isn't that big and it was the perfect amount.  Normally if you're in a bar or club, you'd be packed in like a sardine, fighting to get a drink or accidentally bumping into a super sweaty dude.  No thanks!  And the biggest factor for me that night (drum roll please)...the music!  It was a great mix!  Let's face it, on NYE (or any night out, really) I just want to DANCE!  It was a mix of fun current pop songs and old skool hip hop (don't lie, you can ALWAYS get down to Big Poppa!).  I was dancing the entire night long!  Which definitely made my feet very unhappy later on (my fault, I needed to wear sparkly heels!).  At midnight, they passed out those popping firecrackers full of streamers you get on the 4th, which are SUPER fun but most likely a SUPER fire hazard.  No fire though, just lots of popping!  I kept collecting them and putting them down my shirt to stock pile for just the right time to pop another one!  And no, I was not even drunk!  They also handed out 40oz of Miller LIght to everyone and anyone.  The great thing was, no one got out of hand.  No fights.  No one seemed like they had gone too far.  It was just good old plain fun!Only downfall:  You can still smoke inside.  Yuck!Hot Tip: Get there on time for this event!  Starts at 9pm ends at 2am.  You paid $50 bucks, number one, get your money's worth.  Number two, there's NO PARKING after about 10pm in the South Side on NYE.  A great way to ring in the New Year if you ask me!  This may just start a new tradition for me!
5	A-la-Wanda Wayne for you In Living Color O.G.'s~~ Bar 11, you rock my world!I just loved the whole atmosphere here on NYE. Best fifty bucks I spent all year. First off, you enter the door and there's a guy, who I can only describe as "The Dude" of Bar 11, wearing the top half of a tux, coupled with board shorts and topped of with Chacos. This is my kinda place...We were invited to go to the self serve bar where we initiated a night of imbibing and dancing that have yet to be out-done. The crowd was dense, especially as the night wore on, but it was a nice crowd. It was my first time doing New Years Eve "out and about" in years, and I was impressed by the general lack of douchebaggery here. I believe the stakeholders in this place, the owners/operators, the regulars-- they contribute to a vibe that is fun, allows for a little nonsense here and there, but is all around just enjoying a good time. As the night wore on, and I taught my amigos how to Dougie (it must be a California thing), they started spreading out SWAG for the crowd to enjoy.The highlighters were a nice touch, and there were party favors and promo givaways galore. Hats off to the party planners. Good times. If only San Francisco had a bar like Bar 11...
5	The best dive in Pittsburgh and beyond  Any time friends are in from out of town (canada and the uk), they request b11. Love the long islands (price AND strength), all the guys are awesome people and bartenders, and it's fun. During the summer they have rain parties where it rains inside (yes, wear your swimsuit), solstice parties, sand inside the bar sometimes for beach parties, and also they have a party bus for rent.  Anyone who doesn't like a packed and crazy bar, you should probably just avoid theSouthside all together rather than giving b11 a bad review, because when it comes to the Southside and a crazy night, b11 is the best.
4	Something can be said about a bar off the beaten path in an area infamous for bars.  If it is your first time venturing here, you may get lost finding the place.On a tiny corner on 11th and Bradish in the bar soaked area of the South Side you'll find a magical place called Bar 11.  Don't be fooled by the bio-hazard curtain on the door, walk right in.  The room is slender but almost always packed.  Don't even think about getting a beer here (not that it's not a good idea, you have more fun with the mixed drinks, more on that later).  Upon getting your first drink you should receive the coveted candy necklace ice breaker.  Adorn yourself with this necklace, let the alcohol do it's work and you could be hitting it off with someone new that you never met before, that or a vampire/zombie has latched onto your neck.  Back to the mixed drinks, doesn't matter what type of mixed drinks you are up for, they can make 'em...and make 'em good they do.  The trick to it is that they give you these awesome party favor type gifts with your drinks, my favorite by far to date were my whistle lips.Now, about the atmosphere, if you are not one of these people that like to be elbow to elbow with people, this place is not for you unless you go early in the night to avoid the people.  The decorations in this place has ranged from aluminum foil wallpaper to bikes hanging from the ceiling.  The only TV in the place for the most part only runs cartoons.  Pick up a name tag from the bar and write your name or an eye catching phrase to draw attention to yourself.  After a few drinks, you'll forget about the name tags and start writing on each others skin, who really cares, it really only shows up under the black lights.  The music ranges, but who can argue with the selection in a bar such as Bar 11, especially if say The Backstreet Boys' 'I Want It That Way' comes on and the WHOLE bar is singing along to it?The bathrooms are a bit cramped, but who cares, I'm sure by the end of the night you won't be caring much about that part of the experience when you go to Bar 11.Once you go, you'll be back.
4	Bar 11 is a party house(dive bar) located a few blocks off of Carson Street. From the outside, it really looks like a nondescript building, save for a few drunk [birthdays,bachelorettes,frat-house-runoffs] entering and the muddy sound of Lady-Gaga-Through-Concrete on the sidewalk. Entering for your first time can cause a bit of sensory overload - It's tiny, dirty, and dark, with blacklights, lasers, and red spotlights providing most of the lighting. The decor seems to be anything that could be found underneath something desirable in your least favorite thrift store - much of it hung from the ceiling. The walls and bar are plastered with "Hi My Name Is" stickers, which are usually passed out at the door. Early in the night you might be tempted to write your favorite fake name or movie character and wear it all night - later in the night a crude phallic outline will probably be a better fit. There are highlighters getting passed around - beware if you have an aversion to getting scribbled on. On the wall that holds the ATM hangs a large printed mat in the style of exposed brick, and in the corner there is a dart machine - not that there is any space to play darts, and even if there was you would hit the ATM before you stood far enough back to play. The bathrooms are dirty.Behind the bar is a cooler of beer - there is a selection, but not an interesting one. I've seen a craft or two, but it's usually just an expanded selection of macros(think Franziskaners, Bass Ale, etc). The bartenders can be hard to flag down, they're almost always making drinks, sometimes for customers, sometimes for themselves. When they aren't making drinks - or even while they are - they often perform antics. There is a drumset hanging from the ceiling, and a few electronic pads hooked up to the sound system, and a microphone. They'll get a few beats played on them every song, but Thriller got a full drum overlay. Randomly, the bar might get lit on fire, shortly followed by blowing flaming whiskey into the air.I don't particularly find this place to have the best drinks for a dirty dive bar. You're looking over $5 for most drinks, and while they are all served in pint glasses, I've usually found them to be weak. That being said, you do receive a handful of plastic trinkets or candy necklaces with each order. But let's be honest, if you're coming here, you should probably already be good on the alcohol and just have a drink to hold you over.The best part of Bar 11 is the party - the playlist is eclectic, focusing mainly on the 90s with a splash of recent hits and songs from the 80s and earlier. Most of the people not sitting at the bar are dancing wherever there is enough space - which around midnight might be at a premium. People sing along to their favorites - Weezer's Say it Ain't So was a hit, Jackson's Billie Jean had its chorus sung over the sound system, and Bowie's Rebel Rebel was the high point of the night, if only in my mind. Around midnight, today's hot techno flavor came on(In 2012, that's a remix of Avicii's Levels) - The bartender puts down his bottles in a hurry and rushes over to the lights. The bar goes black, a couple seconds later the lazers come on. Soap(Or some other cloudy substance) shoots out of a machine in the ceiling, glittering in the red and green lights. Fog machines are in full effect, a detached police light(Again, on the ceiling) starts spinning. Over the next few songs, the house lights slowly return to normal, only to have it all happen again.Bar 11 is certainly worth a stop, especially if you happen to already have parking in the South Side and a couple of drinks in you. They do take credit cards with a $10 minimum, and they do allow smoking, but I haven't found it to be overwhelming, even on my clothes when I leave - but it is definitely there, just not to say Belvedere's level, and the cover on weekends is usually about $3.
5	Fun bar, off the beaten path.  Small, but trendy dive bar (if there is such a thing).  Very good value and selection.  My place to go when I'm back 'home' in Pittsburgh.
4	Bar 11, Bar 11, Bar 11... where do I start? I guess I will start with walking in and getting sprayed directly in the face with silly string, the bartenders all playing drums along with the music and name tags stuck all over the bar with obscenely hilarious names and phrases. You get toys and candy necklaces when you order shots...take too many of those shots and the next thing you know you're playing a trumpet with an american flag tied around your neck during the 2012 Olympics!Its a small place off the overly beaten path of East Carson that packs a serious punch. It is black lite dive bar with good prices and really fun bartenders. I'm sure there business went up after Wiz Khalifia shot his music video here. They proudly display their chalkboard written sign above the bar letting their patrons know they are in the "home of work hard, play hard."If you're planning on going to Bar 11, be ready for glitter to be thrown all over you and to wake up with random words written in highlighter all over your body. Basically, this is the bar to go to if you want to have a balls to the wall kind of night.
5	This place was my kind of bar. The doorman was covered in skate graphic tattoos and wearing a santa suit. I sat on a stool that had a sticker that said "TITS" and on the bar ahead of me was written "I smell like bigfoot's dick".  Am I in heaven? I ordered a shitty shot of whiskey and a shitty beer and within seconds, was given exactly that. Cost almost nothing, tasted awful - and was exactly what I needed.The owner even came over and handed us stickers, candy necklaces, a fluorescent marker, and some cheap plastic toys to keep us entertained.  Entertained we were.I WILL BE BACK.  I apparently now have a new favorite bar in Pittsburgh.
4	It's the "Dude's bar" if Pittsburgh had a Dude.  you know who I am referencing right? Ok good we can on with this review then,What has not been mentioned? The perks, candy with your drinks, toys with your drinks hey if the company sucks I can always entertain myself with toys right?Mixed drinks come in large glasses 6$ strong from the right bartender, one of them is an awesome guy. Once a smarmy college student bet me a lame bet then told the bartender i would get his round of shots. The bartender said ladies don't pay and they were on the house. I have been here on Halloween, cinco de mayo, and just any old Friday night. I have to say like any bar it depends on the crowd, yes it attracts college students like any bar on the southside, yes college stupids i mean students... achieve a whole new level of drunk tomfoolery that I can find annoying as a 30+ yr old. But it can still be fun with the theatrics at the bar which sometimes involve fire, a drum set and of course the Dude in his sweatband and Hawaiian shirt. The music is nothing special but again this bar doesn't boast a dj or live band.Here are my tips:Bring cash the ATM looks like its from 1990,If the Dude isn't in and the only bartender there is the bearded one skip it.Don't bring insecure chicks here, too many young college girlies and boys. I made that mistake she had to run off like she was on fire, because they have little name tags with marker and a guy wrote something rude on it and stuck it on her. Ideally these name tags are meant for fun and for yourself, but still I would have told him where to shove it, and moved on. Sometimes on the holidays like Cinco De mayo they have really awesome drinks, for example they had fresh oranges and a juicer. They made cocktails with whipped vodka, fresh OJ and club soda they were 100% delish and I wasn't drunk. Use the ladies room because there's a mannequin head in there and its pretty sweet.If the owner is not there and hands over drumsticks to some idiot who thinks he can add to whatever music is playing its best you're really hammered or just go, it gets pretty miserable. Watch the step outside the covered door, to the sidewalk bar it goes down and its dark so you will never see it.
3	Combine loud music, black lights, drunk young kids, trick shots, goofy toys like candy necklaces, and a bunch of young drunk kids.  You're only starting to get the idea... I wouldn't call Bar 11 a good bar, but it's certainly a fun party and worth the trip at least once.
1	If your going to give someone a broken glass to drink out of.  And they ask you for another drink, you should make a fresh drink. Not just pour it into another glass.  Wtf!?  This is just bad and evil and also a health department violation. Were you trying to rip my tonsils out ? Or tear my esophagus?  Will not be coming back.  Get it together .
1	Am I allowed to give zero stars?? This place is the rudest and we are in Pittsburgh. Asked the bartender what the best special mixed shot they had was and he looked at another bartender, looked back and said "uhhhhh I dunno" then walked away. Appalled to say the least, way to appeal to new customers
4	Hidden gem off of Carson street!  You could easily pass this bar without knowing as it is located in the middle of a Southside street of mostly homes.  It reminds me of going to a college house party.  It is small inside and usually crowded late on  Friday and Saturday nights.  I recommend going early to grab a drink. The owner and workers are so friendly and want everyone to have a good time. They decorate the bar with themes, have super fun themed nights (winter/summer solstice parties), give out candy necklaces and put cheap plastic toys in your drinks! Nice selection of mixed drinks and bottled beer.  I also highly recommend the New Years Eve party with prepaid tickets of open bar for $60.
4	If you can't make fun of yourself than this is not the place for you. If you want to have a fun time with friends, get "cray" and meet new people def check it out. If I had to describe it, I'd say its a mix of Kesha meets an Insane Clown Posse torture chamber hidden in the depths of a west Virginia corn field... From the outside you don't even know its a bar with a big steel door and flappy meat curtains you have to walk through to get in. I think there's a $5 cover after 11 and that's usually when its starts to fill up, but once your inside though, welcome to one of the hidden gems of nostalgia and fun on the South Side.There's all sorts of people here, some dressed up, some dressed down and nobody really cares what your dressed like because they've come to dance under the black light, play with glow in the dark highlighters writing goofy stuff on your skin, friends skin or name tags that they pass out (hint hint...good and easy fun way to meet someone!) eat candy necklaces, get glow in the dark mixed drinks, drink a pounder of PBR, or play with some of the toys they give you when you order a drink like butterfly rings, or little green army men.  I believe this place has one TV but don't plan on watching a game or anything because it's usually turned to the Cartoon Network Channel.The dance floor is small and can def get crowded fast...next thing you know your nut to butt with someone else at times barely able to move. There's all kinds of things hanging from the ceiling depending on any recent themed parties the place has thrown which I've heard are pretty awesome but never been to yet, and there are bubble and fog machines that go off throughout the night and sometimes the bar tender/owner spits fire across the bar. Fire hazard, most likely, but fun at the same time haha.I must say, if you've come here to use the mens bathroom, perhaps think otherwise. It looks like an atomic bomb went off in there with no stall to the toilet, and one broken urinal and a shitty faucet. It wouldnt surprise me if there was a petrified pile of poop hidden in the corner for the last 5 years, but it just adds to the ambiance of the place. I can see how people either love or hate this place..I probably wouldn't suggest this bar to anyone over 30 because its more geared toward a younger more rowdier crowd or if your looking for a fancy night out with your guy or gal. This is just a down right, we don't give an "eff" lets just have a fun night kind of place to attend.May your drink always stay cold!Yours truly, The Shaw...
3	This is an atypical review for me. I'm accustomed to discussing tangible aspects of an establishment such as the food and the beer. Every once in a while I'll discuss atmosphere and ambiance. For Bar 11, my review has to be focused on atmosphere because that's what they are selling.I think their goal is to promote a fun, friendly, and engaging atmosphere. There are highlighters to draw on each other. They give out candy necklaces which I suspect have some inciteful intentions. The bartenders are quite friendly and are good at engaging patrons. There are certainly pieces in place to set up an environment where people are comfortable and open to strangers.The music selection is what my friends typically play at 4 AM once we're back home after a night out: old pop songs. It's not music that gets me excited rather I feel like the night is coming to an end, but this association is contingent on my own personal experiences.
1	I think I stepped in dog shit here.  The sight inside the bathroom is so jarring that it actually hurt my feelings.Holy shit, did you just pour me an 18oz glass full of vodka? You, sir, are a saint.  However, you work in a pile of poo.
4	This place still gets four stars from me.  I still love it here even if I can't get here as often as I did in the past.  Nothing in here has changed, which is a good thing.  Might I also say that this place isn't so bad to visit during the day time either (St. Patrick's Day).The most recent visit was just as fun as the past.  Lots of people bumping into one another, putting those candy necklace ice breakers to the test.  The music was blaring, people were loud, and hearing was at a minimum.  When I come in here, I usually stick to a margarita, which is what I ordered.  I had a bit of a wait, but it was for the good.  They needed more limes, so I had fresh limes for my margarita.  The bartenders were very friendly as well, making it about a hundred times better.I definitely need to stop in here more often, but only if I have the day after off...if you know what I mean.
4	This is deff a dive bar. They apparently do different theme nights throughout the year. They played good music and the beer was reasonably priced. It was a nice place, but dead the night/time we were in there.
3	This is one of the weirdest places I've ever been. It's sort of like drinking in a shed full of random stuff- plants hanging from the ceiling, lights strewn about, toys that come with drinks. I felt a bit claustrophobic because there was just *too much* going on with the decor. I did enjoy the music and pricing, but it definitely isn't my first choice to visit.
3	Goofy owner/manager.
5	I have only been here on New Year's Eve.  The bar and owner are simply amazing!  The energy and friendliness you will find in this bar makes you feel like you are hanging out with your best friends in their super cool basement.  The drink prices are lower than what you would find in neighboring bars.  If you are looking for a laid back time with great friends then check out this place.  If it's not you're style you can easily walk to the many other places the Southside of Pittsburgh as to offer.
