4	Had our daughter's 3rd bday party there and it was a big hit with the kids.  Was a bit crazy with all the kids but was great fun! The best part was that I didn't have to clean up after!! The kids loved all the games. Highly recommend to parents of young kids!
5	Nicest Chuck E Cheese I have EVER been to!
4	We had my son's 4th birthday party here today. It was lovely. Jessica the manager was very pleasant and Ricky our party host made sure we had everything I needed. Most important...the kids had a blast. I didn't have to clean up a thing and the parents had fun socializing while the kids went nuts. Overall a great and easy place to have a party.
3	By all accounts, I should love places like this.I mean, I did as a kid.  I enjoy video games, and while I know I'm nowhere near the age of the intended target audience, when you're invited to a birthday party, these should be some amounts of adult level mirth, right?  I'm fairly open-minded as an adult.  I can still play with the kids if wee hands drag me along (and they did).Man, things have changed since I was a kid.  And yet, not.Anyone can have a good time with skee-ball or hoop shots, but where are the arcade games?  If it wasn't some novelty item manufactured by Nickelodeon, it pretty much didn't exist.  Again, I get that it's a kid's place.  I'm not expecting House of the Dead, but where are the Pac-Man, Donkey Kong, Centipede fare?  Certainly those games still have some worth in being in one of these places.  They did when I was a kid.And yet, the "time warp" aspect took a weird hold in other ways.  The singing stage animatronic was clearly from the early 1990's at best.  Not one kid seemed interested as Chuck warbled some tune set to a video that was clearly shot no later than 1988.Not that you could have heard anything.  Kids run batmess crazy in here, while the employees look somewhat shell-shocked.  I was playing a game when an employee just backed into me and stepped on my foot. "Whoa, excuse me", I said, trying to put my shoe back on that was removed during said stomping.  The employee just looked at me silently than walked away without saying a word,  At least the four year old that bumped into me earlier could say "Excuse me".Well, at least there's the pizza, right?  I guess I'd be nuts about it if I enjoyed something with the consistency of cardboard mixed with a slight cheese flavor.  I ordered a chicken sausage pizza, which at least has some flavoring to it, but I wasn't going to lose my mind for it.Again, I am clearly not the audience for this place.  It's not as amazing as I remember from being a kid, and it's not the most adult accommodating place if you're trying to find a little entertainment for yourself alongside the wee folk.At least I've had the mystery solved of what this place would be like when returning as an adult.
4	Went there Friday for my son's 8th birthday.  This was the first year were it was not the package party.  We went with a coupon and a buddy.  One thing I like about this location over the Sunset location is the places "seems" cleaner.  Also, the motion ride is for bigger kids.  The boys had a blast and I relaxed with my soda.  (Which I could not have done at my 4 year old came with us!)  I feel safe there, enough for the boys to run around.  It's a nice one!
4	This Chuckee cheese was good and clean. Not my place to chill but my 2 sons loved it.
4	I come here so often I just forget to write reviews.  I am a fan of this location verses the Sunset location.   We had my daughter's 6th birthday here and I was very happy with the party.  The only issue is everyone is pretty much doing their own thing so there is not alot of time together but my daughter was very happy.  They take pride is making it safe for the children where you and your child are stamped when you arrive. When you leave they check to make sure you are leaving with the right kid.  :)  I always check for coupons online which I always seem to find for pizza package deals.  I LOVE the salad bar which is very fresh and the staff are always putting out fresh veggies and making sure it stays clean.  Having ALL the games being only one token is AWESOME.  I might complain about arcades but I always tell my daughter she can wait till we go back to Chuck E and then she skips them.  I like that if you don't want to buy the crappy gifts you would get for the tickets you won you can save up the receipt until you want to come back for that bigger prize.  My daughter has 1000 right now and is wanting to get 10,000.  I think I will have to persuade her to not think of such a high number!  Why I am not giving it 5 stars is that the skee ball game which we love always seems to have problems with not giving the right amount of balls or not working at all.  Plus, I hate parents letting there little ones walk up and place the ball in the hole, you would think someone would say something.  It just doesn't seem like they have enough staff BUT I can say when I have had problems with something not working they have always taken care of us right away - no questions asked.  I will go back again and again!  :)
1	We came with a coupon for my son's birthday from their club and they wouldn't honor it. We showed them the coupon on our smart phone and even the email that contained it. They said it had to be printed out even though it didn't say that anywhere. This is a perfect example of poor customer service. The cashier didn't seem to care.
4	Pizza is everywhere in Las Vegas.  So I just want to say the pizza is actually pretty good. Do you really come to this place for the pizza?  Not really.  I come here because my 3 year loves it.  Her face lights up when with token in hand.  She wanders the layout of games and electronic buzzing and lights.  We always have a good time when we get to chuck E Cheese!
2	This place should be rename Yuck E Cheese!  Do they ever clean in here?  Ever time I have gone this place has had half eaten pizzas on the ride or in between the games. I only come here  because my kids of course love it. On our last visit, we were solo lucky to bring home a souviner of pink eye!  Despite the hand washing, one of my kids always gets sick and then it gets passed around our home. The coupons of the past were much better then they are today so it isn't as good of a value. I will praise them for keeping the games at one token, most arcades charge two or more coins per play so they get one star for that.
3	Outdated and not that good. 20 years ago it was barely cool. The kids were not impressed. Half the games are broken or malfunctioning.  The salad was sort of wilted. The pizza was not flavorful and hard like it was overcooked.  I think this is just an outdated concept. Not incredibly clean also.
1	i am exceptionally disappointed. since our family eats a very restrictive diet it's impossible for us to 'plan' a birthday party for chuck e cheese, but we decided to bring our 5 and 6 year old for games as part of the 5 year olds birthday day.most of the tables were filthy, garbage and food was everywhere on the floor. but the bulk of my complaints come from the games.the games regularly ate our tokens, many of the games failed to dispense tickets and several actually ran out as it was dispensing. we used the ticket counting machines when we were ready to leave, i inserted 10 tickets, it gave me credit for 1!i was looking for staff out on the floor to assist with the machines, but no one could be found. the people at the counter couldn't be bothered with complaints about the games.the prizes are cheap garbage, but for the age of my kids it's exciting to win things. i wish it could have been a better experience for them.
3	Took my granddaughter here for lunch. Love that they check you in and out through the door. I love the security. We waited 35 minutes for our pizza which was kind of ridiculous. When the pizza came it was pretty much burnt on top. The cheese was brown! I'm only giving it three stars because my granddaughter did have fun even though she kept coming back to the table and asking if the pizza was ready yet. At least the very hungry four year old was entertained.
2	They dont have many young children/toddler games like most of the other Chuck E Cheese ive been to. 4 games had an issue that my daughter played and wheb I called for assistance they moved reaaally slow and were not that friendly. I wont be going back to this cheese.
4	I always take my daughter here she loves it.the place is always ready for customers nice , clean ;the games are good sometimes there is one or two out of service ,but staff makes no deal and refunds you with extra tokens.I recently took my daughter to celebrate her bday party there she love it to the extremestaff were so NICE and very helpful and gave me candles for her cake and  some cake plates. I am very pleased with their service
4	I always take my nephew here but it's a lil over crowded here. I don't understand why but it seems like the location off of eastern is more busier then any other .
4	Came here for my sons 6th birthday it was great! Our server Alana was wonderful. Was super cheerful and gave amazing customer service. We had a big party and they accommodated us with no problems! My son is a happy camper. Can't wait to come back!
5	This place never gets old! My kids love it! We load up on coins and let them have at it! Even my one year old was having a blast, I had to keep up with her. Her favorite game is the moving car with photo and rolling the balls up that thing. Never knew the name of that game :sI loved this place as a kid and will continue!
1	Half of the machines are broken but don't have an out of order sign so you put coins in and lose them.  We lost at least 20 coins because of this. Most of the games don't tell you how many coins they take. Way under staffed. Bathrooms are gross. Whole place is dirty and run down. Definitely won't return.
