3	FIRST!Soft open preview...limited menu - fry basket appetizer and shrimp sausage salad entree; fry basket consisted of waffle fries and tasted like it was from the frozen section of the grocery store and came out cold; shrimp sausage salad was pretty standard with spring salad and strawberries supposedly fresh which it may have been but i had the late preview time so it didnt come of as fresh; the sausage was local and was very good and tasty; the shrimp didnt jump out; had caramelized onions and a sweet balsamic dressing that overall gave it a sweetish taste; was satisfied but it was overall a very standard salad...will be back to make my way through the menu - the street tacos sound good as do some of those burgers (hopefully they fix the whole fries issue); they do also have vegetarian selections and some gluten-free options...pretty good craft beer tap list (only a handful if macros); tap list had 24 choices with a good selection of local brews which will be rotated...since it was a soft preview many of the staff and one of the chefs came out to greet the visitors - very nice guy with a lot info about the place and openings as well the sourcing of ingredients (supports local, tries to support sustainability ideas, etc)...atmosphere and service is very inviting an friendly - will be interesting to see how things change after the real opening and when it is busy - looks like an attempt to keep the atmosphere as not-so-corporate and more neighborhoody and so far looks to be succeeding; they dont make the servers wear stupid unis with stupid flair; service does come off as genuine and not too forced and i bet it will become even more relaxed after the nerves of opening wear off...looks like it can cater to families although seems tailored to a more young professional/professional type crowd...didnt get a chance to check out the outdoor section although the server did suggest checking it out when they open...wasnt blown away but will def give it more than another chance
4	In Tempe, people don't go to biker bars, they go to bicycle bars. : )  Spokes serves up fresh, slightly healthier versions of your typical bar foods for a reasonable price (Less than $10).  They also offer more vegetarian options.  This is the 3rd day since their opening, and it was decently busy for a Thursday night.The interior is pretty nice, and has various bicycle-themed accoutrements, such as a pair of silver owls made out of bicycle parts.  The bar and dining area is very spacious, and TVs line the walls.  There is a patio area which overlooks the gorgeous lake area outside, which I will definitely have to take advantage of once the weather is nicer!They offer a wide range of beers available (20+ on the menu), as well as iced tea and soda.  A nice thing about their iced tea is they offer Stevia in their sweetener baskets.  Once we were seated, we were handed menus.  Despite it being just their third day since the grand opening, my menu was already splattered, sticky, and had a large tear on the side.  Putting aside my distaste at the sad state of my menu, I opted for the veg-head sandwich, while my husband had the carver burger.  The veg-head sandwich was decent.  It had fresh vegetables such as red bell pepper and eggplant in it, as well as fresh basil and mozzarella.  It had a sweet balsamic vinegar sauce with it.  As a whole, it did taste a little bland (Maybe it needed some more of the balsamic?) and the eggplant was tough and bitter.  I tried the carver burger, which I liked a lot better.  It was a sizable meal, with juicy, perfectly cooked to order meat, and very flavorful ingredients. The only real negative for my husband was that he felt the burger needed some more seasoning to bring out the flavor of the beef more. We both had sweet potato fries as a side, although you can also get sides such as salad, soup, or waffle fries with your order.  The sweet potato fries were awesome.  They were light, crispy, with just the right amount of seasoning.Service was fast and friendly, and the owner came by to chat for a little bit, which I appreciated.  They offer happy hour and a reverse happy hour, and are open late until 2 A.M.  Overall, a pretty good experience here at a nice restaurant and location.
5	I went here Sunday afternoon w/ some friends. They seemed pretty busy for only being open a couple days. My group started with the queso dip appetizer. The dip had a very delicious cheese flavor, the tortilla chips were crunchy and fresh.While waiting for the appetizer we ordered some flights of beer. They were out of flight glasses so they ended up pouring 3 pints for the price of a flight for my friend and I ended up just getting a pint, no complaints there. The beer selection was quite nice as to be expected for a spin off of Boulders on Broadway.Being brand new, I expected some kinks needing to be worked out and there were a few. I got the grilled cheese for my meal, excellent sandwich but I had to send the fries back because they were barely cooked. They made up for it by quickly replacing them with extra crispy sweet potato fries. Next mishap? Charging for the 2nd flight we never got. They quickly corrected the problem and went beyond redemption by 1) buying me my pint and 2) giving me a coupon for a free pint next time I stop by. Minor annoyances and they are clearly moving in the right direction. The food prices seem to be in line with a neighborhood grill. The beer prices seem a bit cheaper than you'd find at most places (especially for craft beer, $3.50 drafts for happy hour? hell yea). Finally, a craft beer spot in my neighborhood within walking distance. I'll be going back for sure.
4	My friends and I came here a while back to celebrate a bon voyage for a good friend of ours we got the the server recommended bruschetta board and chased it down with some tasty brews. Good beer selection, food selection is healthier oriented pub grub and the atmosphere feels like young professional/grad school. Apparently they just opened and it was pretty populated. Will have to return for more  food!
4	Had lunch there twice now. Service was fast and with great attitudes and smiles. I had a kale salad today that was fresh and really good. Sweet potato fries were also good but a bit limp. I don't know where the ice tea comes from but it was heavenly. I don't usually comment on such common items but it was very very good.My buddy had tacos and said they were great. Great neighborhood watering hole atmosphere. Patio by the lake is very relaxing.All good.
4	I been there twice now friendly staff great Beer choices and really good food.  You have to try the Grilled Cheese with pear and onions WOW great job Spokes....
1	Friendly staff, but HORRIBLE food. Everything we tried tasted like it had been frozen, including the fries. For a college town it's amazing that they have no vegan options. The lemonade tasted like Countryrtime powder. There were five of us and we were all VERY DISAPPOINTED with our food.
2	Two stars for a great patio, zero stars for everything else.  Service was horrendous. Our server couldn't get one order straight and when the bills came it was apparent why, every bill in our group was wrong.  We were all laughing about it. One guy tried the tabbedout thing they have and his orders were messed up also.  Food wasn't very tasty either, the wings were overcooked, the salads were mushy. The beer list was large but all mostly entry level microbrew beers, with so many taps put a couple of out of the box beers on please.
5	Great place. Nice craft beer selection, food with local ingredients. Try the Turkey Quesadilla! And Tyler, the bartender is so friendly and knowledgeable.
4	I should begin by saying that I really want to like Spokes. Locally-owned, bicycle-friendly bar with a great selection of beer that is just blocks from my house and free of the Mill Avenue crowd. The all-day happy hour on Saturday is great, too.That being said, I think it is just going to have to be a bar for me. I've been on a handful of occasions now, and have been pleased with my beer experience every time. However, the two times that I have gotten food, I've been disappointed with the quality and price. (First, a grilled cheese with caramelized onion and pear, second, a salmon (no B)LT). Namely, the two sandwiches I purchased had too little flavor and too much grease; I felt like I had to wipe my hands and face after each bite. My friends at dinner each of these nights echoed this sentiment, with sirloin tacos and a burger, respectively.I'll keep coming back for your beer, Spokes on Southern, but no more food for me until the menu improves.
5	I've been to Spokes twice now & haven't had a glimpse of disappointment! They have 24 beers on tap- and a great informational beer list to match (in case you like to know exactly what you are ordering.) I love beer but I also like surprises. Both times I've been I have had super friendly & knowledgable servers who have helped me choose random beers that would please my palette. There is definitely a beer for everyone... who likes beer. We took my anti-beer best friend and explained her situation as she looked over the menu- immediately, they brought her a couple of samples hoping to find one she liked. When she wasn't pleased with any of them (crazy girl) they brought her a fun & creative tequila drink. It was very sweet!We decided we were hungry and thought we would give their affordable food a try. I was surprised by some of the poor food reviews, because everything we had was very flavorful, well made, and unique! (It is still a new restaurant, so you have to give them some room to work out the kinks- but I think they are doing well & are open to hearing customer opinions.) I had the sirloin tacos with a side salad. The balsamic dressing was delicious and my salad was super fresh. When my two tacos came out, I wasn't sure if it would be enough food.. but they were packed full of goodness! They came with chimchurri and poblano peppers, and they weren't spicy- but moist and full of flavor! My light eating friend ordered edamame, and was given the choice of having it served salted or with pesto. Yum! My other friend got the Caprese sandwich and sweet potato fries, both of which she was very pleased with. The decor and atmosphere inside are cute. It's bike themed with an at home, neighborhood bar feel. Outside is adorable! Especially with the great weather we are currently having :). It's covered, well lit, and overlooks a little baby lake I didn't even know was there. Also, they have happy hour all day on Saturdays- so who can go wrong with that? We enjoyed our Saturday evening there.  I had 2 craft beers I'd never tried before and plenty of food & my tab was only $17. The service was quick, down to earth, and full of jokes for our increasingly silly table. Give Spokes a try- unless you hate beer and friendly faces you won't be disappointed. :)
5	I've been to Spokes twice now, and both times it has been a great experience!! Last weekend, my husband and I biked up to Spokes for our first outing. There are places all over the restaurant and patio to lock up your bike, being a bike-themed restaurant. We sat on the patio and enjoyed the lovely afternoon. Kyle was our server, and we was always around making sure we had enough to drink, that our food was ok, etc. Just really friendly staff, but not overbearing. My husband had the turkey sandwich, which to his surprise was real carved turkey, not pressed deli meat. I had the smoked salmon Blt, which was delicious!! The waffle fries are amazing.The next trip we sat in the dining room, and I really like the ambience of the place. The beer menu had been updated since our last visit (they rotate through kegs of craft beer, but there is always Bud light on the menu for the less adventerous). They also keep a cider on tap, which is awesome. Right now it is Sam Adam's Angry Orchard cider, which isn't my favorite, but still better than no cider at all. This time around I tried the shrimp tacos with a side salad, while Matt had the Salmon BLT, again both of us enjoyed our meals, and we had Kyle as our server again, so the service was fantastic. I haven't tried any desserts yet, but I'm looking forward to that on my next trip!It is so nice to have a local restaurant within biking/walking distance of my neighborhood with good food (not typical bar food), and a great craft beer selection.
4	Loved it! Great craft beers and food was fresh, fresh! Try the quesadilla, it was amazing! Our waiter, David, was a hoot!
1	The beers were warm and flat.  The bartender was argumentative when we told him about it.  6 employees working on a Sunday afternoon and I still had to get up and go to the bar to get napkins for my wings since none were brought to me with them.  The place is cold and not inviting at all.  We won't be back.
2	Open six weeks. Pros are:  25 local brews and IPAs on tap and full bar. Cons are: since it says " neighborhood grill", I was hoping for a new neighborhood bar with GOOD FOOD. Wrong! Why can't we have a local place that serves good fresh food that's tasty!? Does the staff even taste what they are serving? Maybe 15 items on menu. The bartender boasted about the roasted turkey so I tried the turkey tacos. Menu says it is roasted turkey with cranberry sauce and shaved sweet potatoe. When my dish arrived, it was two tiny tacos on a huge plate. That's it. No garnish, no dipping sauce... The tortillas were grilled, the turkey was no big deal, and the sweet potatoe fries were burnt and greasy sprinkled all over the top. Greasy burnt flavor with each bite. Restaurants should know and love what they are serving. I took two bites and sent it back. I've read other reviews and see that I'm not the only that agrees with the lack of food quality and flavor. Come on Spokes! Listen to your potential fans and step it up a notch! If anyone's wondering were to go with awesome home cooked food and dive bar setting.. TryPranksters! Hint hint spokes.
4	Had a great early dinner with my husband at Spokes. We're long time Tempe residents so have seen this establishment be many a restaurant. Am so hopeful Spokes will make it!!! When we arrived around 4:30pm, a sign alerted us to go to the bar for seating. My husband likes to sit in the bar (I'm OK with that, too) so we found our own table. I love the atmosphere in Spokes (as it was when it was Streets of New York and Uptown Brewery)... open area bar, outdoor seating. So, where we situated ourselves was great! Didn't take long for our waiter, Max, to address us with a beer list (different than what was on their web site that day). He helped me select a beer that I absolutely enjoyed, as did my husband. Beers were great.Food: We ordered to split a kale salad and the sirloin sliders. The kale salad was fairly standard in that it is a bitter green dressed-up with a blue cheese dressing (although for my tastes could have had even more of that dressing), pecans, strawberries served around the salad (would like better mixed within the salad). The best thing... the whole salad sat on a balsamic dressing. This dressing really helped cut the bitterness of the kale. So, only change... slice up the strawberries into the salad, add a bit more of the blue-cheese dressing (or offer on the side). Keep that balsamic dressing-so, so good!!! We took home half of the salad.Sirloin sliders: A lot of places offer 3 sliders. Spokes gave 2. My husband and I didn't go for these right away- ate the salad, and munched on the delicious sweet potato fries that we ordered as a side with the sliders. So, perhaps if we had, they would have been warmer (hotter) to the palate. While there is a pecan pesto, it was lost on the sliders... pretzel bun was great... would like to have had some kind of dipping sauce or sauce on the slider that might be a horseradish/mayo variety... perhaps something the diner could control. The sirloin was tender...great... Needless to say, we ate both!!!Our side of sweet potato fries was right on!!! These were crisp, hot, and meaty. None were left on the plate!!! When ordering, we told Max that we were splitting the two orders, so would have appreciated that the food came out split on two plates. Not so. Max was observant and gave us smaller plates for us to do ourselves. Not a biggie, but one of those nice touches that diners appreciate.Service: Can't say enough how Max was attentive and observant of our needs as diners. We also were eager to chat with Max, and he was able to do so as the early time we were there. The kind of people hired to represent a business matters... we hope to return to Spokes and request Max's area for seating... usually a Thursday through Sunday opportunity!I look forward to returning. Max recommends the turkey quesadilla and the Carver burger which I will order!!!! For those who might not know, Spokes is a sister restaurant to Boulders on Broadway...
2	The food is their biggest downfall. Quit trying to be so unique and focus on doing something right. Even mediocre bar food would be a huge improvement for this place. We went during their grand opening week and were seated right by two roll up doors even after telling the hostess we didn't want to sit outside (it was quite cold that evening) so we had to ask the server later to close the doors for us. Queso dip appetizer was probably the most boring I've ever had. Food took forever, my burger was simply meh. My wife's tacos were seasoned with a crazy amount of some oily concoction and the meat was tough and chewy. I had to send my cold fries back. We waited a couple weeks to let them settle in and didn't have much better luck. This time the server was indifferent bordering in rude. I had pulled turkey sliders (seasoned with barbecue sauce and curry?!?!?!) on a soggy pretzel bun and my wife got the mediocre burger. Beer selection is great and will probably keep me coming back occasionally for some late night libations. I wouldn't mess with anything else. It's sad/scary when I think I could legitimately do a better job cooking/coming up with the menu.
5	I've been coming to Spokes since it's inception into the community and absolutely love it. The food here is phenomenal and the servers are friendly and charismatic. Lindsey is an awesome bartender who is very attentive. Cody the manager ensures that the customers are always right. David the server is excellent at making everyone happy. Any item you purchase of the menu is fresh and scratch made, the Burgers aren't frozen, it's fresh angus beef! The salmon blt is incredible, the best thing you've eaten every time. The farmer fry basket is great especially for vegetarians, their salads are amazing. Thank you for reading I hope you enjoy this establishment as much as I do, everytime.
4	First off as a beer drinker...... always a rotating selection of craft beers as the bartender lindsey who was so nice to introduce herself  tells me. Food was from scratch and as local as possible. I had the "spokes burger" loved the kale. They do things right here, good creativity.Brought my dog and loved the patio .All day happy hour on saturday is also legit. cool neighborhood spot, check it out this place is worth it!!
5	I went there on opening day. The inside is a bit strange, but I go out on the patio, which is large, and overlooking a small pond with ducks, turtles, etc.I actually really like the food, especially the Turkey Pesto sandwich. You can immediately tell the food is super fresh.  I asked about it, and found out it is all fresh and locally bought, which is a huge plus in my book.The staff is friendly and will chat you up. Overall, great spot!
4	Enjoyed a nice Saturday lunch with some friends. The bartender was funny and witty, very helpful in the beer & food selection. My  friend and I each got an order of Sirlion & Shrimp tacos so we could have one each. I will say the tzatziki sauce was awesome on it, a nice twist to tacos but i wouldn't say the meat and shrimp were the best I've  ever had. I also was excited to try a new food ... Yes, I've never had pablano peppers before and did so stuffed with mashed sweet potatoes .... now that was YUMMY!
2	The atmosphere, especially the patio area is really nice. The service was perfectly fine, but the menu can be a big hit or miss. If your looking for something new and unique then you'll probably be delighted. If your looking for the usually staples, made well and tasty you might find yourself having a hard time making a decision. All choices seem normal until you read what they add. Seems like they are trying a little too hard to be different, which really isn't needed for a sport bar type spot. Ended up getting hot wings and a Cesar salad.  The salad had to be modified from the menu, just an example of how they might be trying a little too hard to be unique. Shouldn't have to modify a simple Cesar salad, at least I can't remember the last time I had to do that anywhere else. Probably won't go back, just because I don't want to have to special order everything I eat if I'm not feeling adventurous.
3	I've been to spokes a few times with friends and overall this is a good restaurant. There are some really good things about it and some things that I'm not a fan of.PROsThe atmosphere is great.  They have a beautiful patio with lots of shade that overlooks pond with fish and ducks.The food is good.  Almost everything I've ordered there has been delicious. They have a huge beer selection that always offers variety.CONsTheir beer selection is constantly changing.  I'm a creature of habit so it's frustrating when I find a beer that I really like they don't offer that beer the next time I'm there,  I think it would be nice if they had a few regular beer selections.The food is pretty expensive for the portion size. Our server had a really bad attitude.  Each time I came to the restaurant I sat on the patio and the server always seemed to be in a bad mood.  I understand that serving is not an easy job and everyone has a bad day every now and then but its a bummer to have the server consistently be in a bad mood.
4	Fun atmosphere. Good food. Had the street tacos, different, but good.
4	This is a great place to stop by after work and grab a draft beer. The beer is great, the food needs work. Still a great spot.
2	Last night was my first time at Spokes. I had never heard of the place before but saw a couple in a local flyer and saw that they had 24 beers on tap!!! Sounded like a great place to me.Be warned this place is not easy to find without any kind of GPS!! There are no signs for it anywhere and it cannot be seen from the street. Upon walking in we were told to seat ourselves anywhere we would like. We chose to be sit over by the bar which overlooked a beautiful patio area complete with a pond. We sat for quite some time before a waiter came over to us (about 10 min). They do have a good selection of beers (I chose the SanTan Hefeweizen) and food seemed to SOUND good. So I ordered the bacon cheeseburger. The food literally took 40 minutes to get to us. Keep in mind this place was not busy at all. Our food was okay but nothing too impressive for the prices. I had asked for my burger medium rare and it was almost well done. The side of black beans and rice was bland and cold. At this point we were ready to leave but we had another 20 minute wait to get our check.Overall this place could be good if they changed a few things. Great selection of beers but food is lacking. May give it another shot but doubt it.
4	Gluten free accomodating! Neat place, like the decor, but I was most impressed that they serve gluten free bread or buns as an option. Usually I can't find much to eat at pub restaurants, but I enjoyed a turkey sandwich on a gluten free bun and they had a cider beer on tap. I'll be back again.
1	Well I stopped in to check it out. Tough location, it;'s kinda hidden. I go to a lot of bars like this. We hit the bar, it seemed friendly enough. Until I received the wrong beer. The bartender argued that it is what I ordered when in fact I was just taking her own recommendation. I don't remember her name (angel wings?) But she took the beer back and never brought me another beer. Even after my buddy said he would drink the one she brought. I had to order from the other bartender. Then service went downhill from there..... So .... make sure you verify with the bartender what you want before she pours. If the food is ok and there is nothing special about a place, then they need to have good friendly service if I'm ever coming back!
4	Great place what a surprise!! Went there after a hash run and met up with my daughter hoping she would like it too. Great decor and the wait staff were right on and we came in full force with 60 plus people on a sat night just showing up. Excellent beer choices wish I didn't live so far away I would have sampled many more of their great list of beers on tap.They even have the alcohol content listed so no guessing what or how hard it'll hit you-BRAVO!!
5	I'm a fan of Boulders on Broadway, so when the manager mentioned that Spokes is the same owner, I wanted to check it out. The food was really great with more things on the menu I hope to go back and try soon. I thought it might be a carbon copy of Boulders, but the selections were different, but maintained the focus on upping the ante for bar food. The servers were so friendly! On a slow night - there was some improv think going on in another part of the very large space - they chatted with us, welcoming us as our first time at the bar. Happy hour was $1 off all drinks, not amazing but they said perhaps food specials are in the works, but for the friendly service, good food and super convenient location, I'll be back!
5	Great atmosphere, good food, excellent service. The wait staff was very friendly and knowledgeable.  The menu has some unique items and is vegetarian friendly. The rotating beer selection is awesome.
2	Good beer list, but the menu and service are poor at best.
3	Came in for the Wolf Pack IIPA tapping on #NationalIPADay...good tasting balanced IPA w/ some citrus hops + bready malt & agave nectar in the finish = well done...sirloin street tacos w/ rice & black beans on the side came out cold but tasted great - did not skimp on the sirloin! Tap list as always is great, service is personable, friendly & good...that 4th star is for the brews; unfortunately i still have to go with 3 for the food - but that is working its way past the bar food label into the gastopub arena;...keep it up Spokes; i'll keep coming back
4	Great location, yummy food, awesome staff, huge patio...this place is really fantastic!
4	Great pub...Always a great selection of rotating taps, including some locals. The food is good pub food, but everyone comes for the beer and patio (when weather is nice). Staff is very friendly and efficient. Stop by after work at least once a week for a few ice cold pints.
4	I'm happy to say that I returned last night to Spokes and had their spinach kale enchiladas with beans and rice, and I was very pleased with the quality of the food! I'm glad that they added another vegetarian option to the menu, and it was delicious. Haven't returned to the other food items that I disliked last time, but maybe during my next visit. Thanks, Spokes!
5	Excellent place to watch the  Cardinals and football!! The food and service was spot on. Burgers will yummy
4	Good beer selection, beautiful patio, food is decent but some things to work on. They've only been open for a week or so. Staff is friendly and attentive, and love the bicycle theme. I'm hoping this place does well.
1	Good lord its hard to be THAT BAD, the food is terrible. Cold, uncooked fries every single time its just disgusting. Never bringing my family back here!
5	Watched the ASU game here with friends on Saturday.....and I remember "Sneakers" that this was previously.  Really liked the "Spokes" theme - Bicycles are so in right now and there was done of fun people watching as Tempe had its Tour De Fat that day!  The food here was very good, beer selection was great, pricing was reasonable, and service staff was solid!
4	I went here with a friend. They chose it because I absolutely love grilled cheese and will pretty much order it anywhere it's offered.  I was not disappointed.  You get 3 cheeses on the grilled cheese if I remember correctly there are 3 base cheeses. I remember there is cheddar and blue cheese.  Then you get to pick 2 extra toppings from a very delicious list.  I chose bacon and sweet onions...it's was absolute perfection! I got the sweet potato fries, they were good but a little soft, next time I plan on trying the waffle fries.For an appetizer we got the beer queso spicy style and it was soooo gooooddd.  It's been a long time since I've had good queso and this one was delicious!The wait staff was really nice, explained things and were passionate about the things being served.
4	I've only been to spokes a few times after softball games, with groups and just two of us at a time.  I love their patio, the music has been really loud each time I've been so it's nice to be outside to just hang.  The servers are always very friendly and the atmosphere is very laid back.  (Perfect for after a sporting event and a rowdy group.)  Their wings are good....the queso on the other hand....pass.  It was crusty within like 10min, yuck.  The beer selection is good, limited to local breweries so don't expect Blue Moon or Coors...they have the good stuff!  The servers are very knowledgable and happy to hang and explain the different types and bring samples.  All in all, it's a great spot to hang and try a few new beers.  I'll be back when I'm on this side of town. :)
5	We were visiting from out of town for the Ironman and wanted some good food and beer.  This place was close to the house so we stopped  in for lunch. David, the bartender, was very friendly and knowledgable. Great beer selection! Everything our group ate was delicious. Try the stuffed poblano pepper - you won't regret it!
3	I have tried this ale house/sports bar on more than one occasion and feel that they can step it up as far as menu selection.  The bar is a great place to watch a game and enjoy well selected beers on tap but don't expect to be satisfied with anything on the menu.
4	Super friendly staff, decent beer selection, really great location with a lot of greenery and it's very open. I tried the grilled cheese with sweet potato fries, bbq hot wings, and the salted caramel creme puff. The sweet potato fries were perfect - which isn't always the case in restraunts since the sweet potato fad hit - and the hot wings were also very good. The grilled cheese was super tasty and I chose avacado and bacon as my two topping selections along with a base blend of cheeses. The only thing that bummed me out was that the dessert was prepackaged - the server explained that they were running out of them because the supplier discontinued that dessert - but this isn't Applebees, so I expected the desserts to be made fresh! Very disappointing.They had a lot of turkey-based items (tacos?!) which I found pretty unique.
3	I heard about Spokes from a friend, and the fact that it is related to Boulders made me want to try it even more! I came here with my man to watch a Lakers-Suns game and it was a good overall experience.  The bartender was nice enough to find the game we wanted and made sure the tvs facing us had it on. Our waitress was also very nice and very helpful with beer and food selection. I was feeling adventurous and chose their pepper burger over an easy bacon cheeseburger. It had different peppers and tzatziki on it and it was a unique and fairly good choice. I would like to try something different next time, but it wasn't bad. The thing I loved most was their tomato bisque, it was rich and tasty, I was very surprised at how good it was considering my low expectations of soup at a bar. I tried some of Eric's sirloin tacos and they were pretty good. I want to come back and check out that lake view and try other items on their menu.
5	My family and I went to spokes for the first time today. I was beyond impressed!! The atmosphere is so welcoming! I love how the place is decorated and the fact that it's next to the pond with ducks is so cute :-) the staff was so friendly. We ordered the guacamole which was made to order, so delicious! I also recommend the turkey quesadilla, pulled turkey slides and the turkey tacos.. Pretty much anything with turkey haha! Can't wait to go back!
5	The food was great, the staff was awesome.  They kept checking to see if we were ok, and not just our waiter either. Food portions were decent. Not to big and not to small.  Also has both indoor and outdoor seating by the water.
5	What an amazing vibe!  Today was my first visit to Spokes on Southern and I will definitely be heading back soon! I waltz in on a Wednesday night and the Bartender David  gave this place the best first impression. He remembered my name right of the bat which is not as typical as it should be at similar establishments. Very friendly, personable and hilarious  throughout my entire visit. Also  he noticeably respected when to stop let you enjoy your drink very diligently . I was not there for Happy Hour but will be returning to take advantage of it soon. drinks look fair and have great food options. The beer was very great but all my compliments have to again to the bartender, David. I am constantly disappointed by other bars and restaurants because their staff cannot make a near decent 'Old Fashioned' spirit.  I must be honest and say that Spokes' bartender made the absolute best 'Old Fashion' since my very first. It is amazing that they have this type of talent on staff.  The food I had was also very enjoyable. Overall vibe was very positive, chill and friendly. I look forward to the summer because it looks like they have a great patio.  Probably the best first impression of a new restaurant that I have had in quite some time. Fair Prices and amazing atmosphere.
5	Fantastic burgers! Not good, but fantastic. The menu is avante-garde and a sports at to boot. Definitely try the jukebox app!Am going back again today to try the stuffed Pasillia!
3	I went on opening weekend long ago. My idea of a fun night out is not sitting around a wooden table and trying craft beer only to struggle through it because it tastes like ass. Sorry folks, I will just stick to my Coors and Budweiser. With that said, maybe this is wrong of me but Spokes is not really my type of place. Even when ordering my "crappy" beer it took a while to get a bartender and be served. I felt like it was a place where all the beer coneseuirs come and chat about beer - smelling it, takign a swig and swishing it around in their mouth, talking about the ingredients, and talking about how badass the brewery is instead of a place where you can have a steady stream of Coors Light sitting in front of you. Which is fine, I just personally don't really have a desire to talk about such things.
5	This place is amazing!!! Great food, nice atmosphere, and server Brian was one of the best servers I've ever had.
5	Lindsey was the best bar tender ever. The prices are fair, and the customer service was great!
3	Came here a couple weeks ago after a game with my teammates. We sat on the patio, which offered ample space and a good atmosphere. The waiter was well-versed in all the beers on tap and can help out with any questions. I wasn't impressed with the menu, but there is a little something for everyone. I got the turkey on ciabatta and it was good, though nothing great. All in all this is a nice place to grab a drink, eat a little food, and converse with friends. i would not seek it out in any way nor do I see it becoming a go-to spot, but it is a good option if you are in the area.
5	Great beer on tap and the food is delicious. It's nice to come to a locally owned restaurant with craft beers that change all of the time.
5	I've only been here for lunch during the work week a few times, and based off of all of my visits, I've always been very happy and love continuing to come here for lunch. The staff is always very nice and helpful, and the food is absolutely delicious and prices are very reasonable. There's a very nice outside patio that opens up to the beautiful duck pond area where there are waterfalls, ducks, turtles and fish. I brought my dog with me today and they brought out a water bowl for her when they brought out the water for me, so they are also a pet friendly restaurant.5 stars to this place without a doubt!
3	very nice patio and a SMOKING area woohoo a little pond with ducks and turtles good service and pretty good happy hour deals I will be coming back again
5	Best bar ever. Came in on a Saturday night, there were two hotties behind the bar. Lindsey and Lauren, I call them L squared. These girls had the best hair I've seen in years. I ordered turkey sliders and let me say... Ya don't need no teeth to eat that meat! I recommend this bar for anyone looking for a good time. Can you dig it?
1	It's just so expensive even for craft beers...the worst is that bar tenders and wait staff are all trained to tell you the same thing when you ask why they're only bringing you a 10 oz pour. They say it's because of the alcohol content...which isn't true...and they know it...or they should know it!! As a matter of fact just last night they pulled that BS on me and she said..." Sir, anything with 8% or higher ABV is poured in 10 oz glass." I said well that beers not 8%....when she checked (because of course I'm wrong) she came back and said, "well it's a really rare keg and it's about profitability"....yeah. That's what I thought...$5.85 for a 10 oz Oskar Blues IPA...too expensive. You'd think a place owned by the owner of Boulders would be a great place too...but as they are quick to point out "this isn't Boulders..." To which I easily reply "you're damn right it's not!" The food is just ok...the wait staff is hit and miss
4	Good food the service was a little excessive at least 5 different servers came up to our table, but we did enjoy our experience.
4	Went here 2x. The first time was when I was visiting my family for the holidays and I decided to stop by here because I had nothing else to do/nowhere else to go. The 2nd time I went here to see an old college friend.I'm not a drinker but it seemed like this place was pretty relaxed. There's plenty of spaces to sit/lounge and it's not really crowded. It's like the place that people go to either hangout out with their friends or have a drink after work. There's karaoke but the its mostly people with horrible drunken voices getting on the mic. It's pretty laid back and somewhat "friend-ish" (as opposed to friendly) bc there isn't a meat market kind of vibe, but people just don't talk to strangers with ease. It seems like the beers are cheap and the bartenders are like "whatever" in attitude so that's a plus or minus depending on what you're looking for. I think the beers were like $4 or $5 during happy hour or reverse happy hour, or whatever. Me, I'm a "whatever" kind of person too, so I this place is fine with me.
4	Nice place, good service, awesome patioThis place had decent bar food and I liked their beer selection, both times I went the staff has been very nice and provided fast service, All in all it's worth a visit
4	Sweet potato stuffed poblano pepper as a side - Remember these words as they will be important when you order. Good food with both a southwestern and slight bistro flair. Casual dining with somewhat of a bicycle theme. Super peppy waitstaff and a nice outdoor seating area with a couple fire pits. Good beer selection and quite good cocktails. Repeat - get the stuffed poblano pepper!
3	Went here for a large group dinner (~30) a few weeks ago and I was excited as I have driven past this place but never stopped in to try it. It is a lot larger than I thought, with a nice patio space and a huge area in the back which is where our group was seated. Everything was pretty average, I had a southwestern turkey sandwich and some cider. What I can say though is that they set our server up for disaster. We had a reservation and they only assigned one server to our group, so it took about 2hrs for us to all get our food, and even then there were some issues with wrong orders. Not our servers fault , and I would hope that a smaller party wouldn't have the same wait as us, but I was surprised that they would set it up like that. Also, the music is pretty loud inside.
5	We've been looking for a local place to go for a beer, and i think we've found it! The waiter was great, he was also our bartender. Food was good, beer was not only cold, but there were a lot of flavors to choose from. This building has been a lot of different restaurants, I think this one is the one that will stay!
3	I have been to Spokes four or five times in the last year and I do enjoy the bar.The beer list is strong and most of the servers, especially the bartenders, are very knowledgeable and helpful when picking out a brew. My only gripe with the establishment is that I have never been very impressed with the food. The menu is small, which alone is not really an issue, but I have yet to find something that I really enjoyed.The service and beer selection is enough for me to continue visiting when I am in Tempe but ultimately it is not an establishment I would make a special trip to try.
4	I'm a regular here and it's great every time! The food is done well consistently, each dish has a unique twist that makes it great. The 3-pepper burger and the turkey enchiladas are particularly good. The BBQ turkey sliders are my favorite appetizer. Service is always friendly and attentive. The place itself is clean and nicely decorated and is a great place for a laid-back night. Hint: they support sports teams so if you bring your team there (I go with my softball team) they have special discounted beers and menu items for you!  My only negative is that sometimes service suffers when it gets busy, but they always apologize for that which is all I really need. Overall, a wonderful place!
5	Good selection of beverages, and a damn good happy hour menu too! I enjoy the food a lot and the staff is always friendly, accommodating, and helpful!
1	I have been coming into spokes for a while now. I have looked passed them fudging up orders, having hazardous plastic material in my food, and not having patrons/frequent patrons served in a timely manor. I don't care if I come in at 10 am or 1:30 am I should get the same service! And for the most part that happens. But when I come in on Tuesday night and the karaoke host's friends are there.... You better believe they will get what they want before the rest of the bar, whether it be drinks or songs.I am very upset with the establishment and the karaoke company they employ. This is not the first time that I have come to spokes and been denied a song. Although we spend a lot of money at spokes, I don't believe I will be in to 'say hi' for a while. And if I could find the karaoke company's yelp page I would have a lot more to post. But I'll leave it at that.
4	Salmon was perfect, sweet potato-stuffed poblano was a little strange. But great atmosphere and great service! I'd come back ;)
3	Pros:Nice patio. Good beer selection. Tasty veggie tacos (with corn tortillas).Nice server. Cons:Sweet potato fries were more mushy than crispy.Black beans were undercooked. Hummus was mediocre.
4	The view of the pond is great; they also have ducks. The food was 4.5 on a 5 scale and the service a 5. They have outdoor seating with a fire grill table and plenty of lounge area. Definitely a place to meet people to eat, drink and kick back.
4	The bartender here was super nice and funny.  He gave me great service and kept checking in on me, he was super friendly.  For lunch I ordered a salmon sandwich.  It was kind of weird because the salmon was fat and round, like a ball.  So you can imagine how awkward it would be to eat a ball in the middle of two slices of bread.  It was good, I love salmon, I just think they could have chose a thinner cut.  They had an excellent selection of craft beers and I think I may have over heard the bartender saying at least one was a nitro beer, oh yum.  I've been back several times with friends and the servers are hit or miss.  The selection of beer is excellent though.
5	I discovered this place on Yelp as part of my research for craft beer-serving restaurants near our hotel. We've been to Four Peaks brewing. We've been to San Tan Brewing. I enjoyed both but for our very quick, less-than-24hour-trip, we hoped to find something close to the hotel with a menu that didn't mirror standard bar fare. And did we find it! We wandered in to see a sign that said "seat yourselves" so we found 2 great spots at the bar and settled in. Our fabulous tender of the bar was David who quickly made it known that despite him being busy, he was there for us and that we were going to get along great. And we did. Fun conversation and camaraderie aside, David knew all there was to know about their beer list. Including all the specialty sours on tap. Now, I'm an IPA fan. But after a tiny taste of the Sour Gose, I was intrigued. I ordered another sour which was red in color. As David put it, it would be a cocktail to enjoy especially if I was a red wine drinker. Milder in sour-aspect and bright berry flavors. For sure! It was exactly that in a way I can't even describe. I even went back and ordered the Gose. David spoke very highly of the menu and their chef and explained that they roast all their turkey in house as well as make all their sauces. My husband and I ordered the Farmer's Fry Basket to start which was a delicious combination of fried okra, fried green beans (the best!), corn fritters, spicy pickles and cheese curds served with a spicy aioli and a cool tzatziki. The green beans were seriously the best I've ever had with the perfect amount of batter.  Next we decided to share the turkey street tacos, which I had seen pictures of here on yelp. It came with a side David suggested that we choose the poblano that was stuffed with a sweet potato mash and bacon with the spicy aioli. Wow. All I can say is yum! The roasted turkey was moist and flavorful with cranberries and fried sweet potato shavings on top. A perfect flavor and texture combination. I had mine in a corn tortilla whereas my husband had flour. We each enjoyed our tacos and the stuffed pepper was fab as well. The pepper itself had some nice heat to it which you don't always get in poblanos. The mash and bacon was a perfect combo and we would order it all again. The next time we visit the Phoenix/Tempe area, we will definitely be back to explore more of the menu and craft beers!
4	Been coming to Spokes for their happy hour.  It is a nice place with a good happy hour. Their chips and queso is amazing! I highly recommend it! Rumor has it they put IPA in it.. Super yummy!!!
5	Easily the best bar in tempe. Awesome beer and great service. Their bartender Matt gives the best beer recommendations and server Justin is always on point checking in even when they're super busy. This place never disappoints
5	My boyfriend and I found this place after a while living in Tempe and after a while it became our favorite spot. The staff are all fun people who are easy to talk to, Cooper, the manager, works his ass off and does a great job keeping up with everything. Our favorite bartender there was Dave, he is hilarious. As for the food, I am a vegetarian and they have some great options for me. I usually got the veg head sandwich or the carver burger and subbed in their amazing veggie patty that they make in house. My boyfriend loved the salmon BLT.They always have rotating beers and you can always find something you'll love no matter what your taste, and a large number of them are local AZ breweries. They also have great Moscow Mules!The restaurant is cute with the bike theme and very specious so it doesn't feel overcrowded. They have a lot of fun stuff like trivia nights and darts in the back, and in the daytime they are usually a bit slower so it's a good place to hang out. They also have a patio which is wonderful when the weather is nice and it sits right on the edge of a little business park/lake.I recently moved out of Tempe and I can honestly say that Spokes is going to be one of the things that I miss most about it.
2	I was very disappointed - the outside of the building is very nice and that's about where everything stopped. The tacos were so-so, not that great and slightly overpriced. They were blaring loud music - one minute it was 50's/60's music and the very next song was wrap. I'm confused about this place!
5	We happened to stumble across this awesome place & have continued to come back!! We LOVE the service & food! The view off the patio is a wonderful plus!!
5	One of my favorite places in Arizona. The food is incredible, the beer selection is on point, and the staff is amazingly friendly. They have great events like wine tastings, karaoke nights, and trivia. Definitely the perfect place to visit with the family, grab a drink with some friends, or relax after work. I recommend Spokes to everyone I know!
2	I must have caught them on a very bad day. Just finish having their Salmon Especial which should be called the Salmon Oh-So-Bland. It was flavorless and dry. Such a shame. It came with a stuffed poblano pepper that was covered with way too much cheese. I had to scoop most of it off to reveal nothing at all special. Oh and the portion size were quite small. I just made myself a salad because I was still hungry. Not worth the money.
5	I always love coming to Spokes. The food is always great and the service is even better. Especially when Tessa Owens is my waitress!
4	I have been here twice and both times it was awesome. The first time I was there for happy hour, but decided to get the salmon BLT with sweet potato fries and I think it was a great decision. For $10 or so you get a nice piece of salmon in the sandwich and most likely you will have to take half home. This place also has about 24 beers on tap to chose from including sour beer! I love sour beer but it's sometimes hard to find it on tap, and this place had 3 different kinds! Second time was also during happy hour, and I decided to try the turkey sliders for $3.99. They were good but had a very strong curry slaw on top of it so if you don't like curry you won't like the sliders. Happy hour goes until 7pm which is nice and they also have a reverse happy hour starting at 10pm.
4	First time at this local bar. It was too hot to sit on the patio for us today, but found a great seat and had an awesome server. Very attentive and made good recommendations. Good happy hour food and beer selections. Turkey tacos were good, on the lighter side and cheap! Happy hour food is $3.99 and $1 off beers. Also had chips & queso, my husband had hot wings that he said were tasty, but could have used a little more sauce. He also had the southwest turkey sandwich meal that he liked. Good grub for a local pub. The food was above average..maybe a 3.5.. But the service bumped up my review. Good food and prices, comfortable & clean environment topped off by great service. We will be back.
5	I really like coming to Spokes. Not just because it is right next to our office, but because they have good food, a good atmosphere and some really good beer.  The Salmon BLT and the Southwest Turkey are probably my favorite from the sandwich menu but the grilled cheese with bacon, avocado and tomato or the Pesto Turkey are always good, too. The burgers are good and the enchiladas won't disappoint. Pro tip: If you order the enchiladas, ask for the stuffed poblano pepper as your side. You're welcome. The beer? Yes, these guys know beer. The wait staff is always super friendly and they'll let you know about what they are currently pouring. They have a nice outdoor patio that happens to be dog friendly if that is your thing. Their happy hour is a great deal so don't miss it. Cheers!
3	Food sucks. No idea how anyone can rate it higher than a two. I've tried the Salmon BLT (sans the B, which I got 15 minutes later), chicken fingers (tasted like old fryer oil), queso with chips was straight up inedible, fried veggie basket was limp and soggy, other assorted apps and such. All below par. I would rather eat at Los Reyes de la Torta and then come here to drink.Because the beer selection is good. Very good. And the servers are good too. Plus chilling with the lake ducks on the patio is a good time (when the weather isn't actively trying to destroy you). Also, the ladies restroom can be just a tad funky smelling at times. But nowhere near the infamy of its predecessor Sneakers and Native New Yorker! Thankfully they fixed that problem!So two star food plus four star beer is a three star experience.
5	This review is 5 star worthy. Lindsey was my bartender. Her smile will infect you with the feeling of welcomeness and her service makes your experience optimal. Great wide selection of beers and an all around great atmosphere. If you wanna try a place that's Lowkey and really reasonably priced with a too notch staff; spokes on southern is where you belong.
4	I love this place. They have a great salmon blt that I get without the 'b'. Their waffle fries are killer - they'll do a mushroom cap burger that is REALLY good. Annnd bruschetta is really good there. Good service and good food. Nothing to dislike.
2	Me and my girlfriend came here on a Monday during happy hour. Not exactly the most exciting time but still it was surprisingly empty; especially considering it was only an hour away from Team Trivia. While the beer selection was pretty good with about 20 taps or so; the food was not. We got the pretzel, which we use as a kind of standard guide and it did not pass. It was like the frozen pretzels you get at Walmart, and it was kind of cold, and the cheese was bad too. So overall, very plain and nothing special going on. Especially with all the many bars and hot spots in Tempe, this place would not be on my top list.
4	Came here a couple of times since a co-worker lives across the street and that made this a convenient place to meet. Same mall as Sweet Tomatoes and the southeastern branch of Los Reyes De La Torta. They've got a bicycle theme going - hence the name Spokes. Bicycle tires make up some of the decor and a few bicycles hang from the ceiling. When you walk in, you can go straight ahead to the back area of the bar or turn left and sit at one of the seats around the main bar. We sat at the bar and chilled. I had all sorts of crafty beers - can't remember the names now so I probably had too many. They give you a sheet with all the names of the available beers but I had to download the app instead - YES! they have a Spokes On Southern app! - mainly because I had to squint and use the flashlight app to read their tiny font beer list. Lindsey was our bartender/server and she was very nice - always smiling no matter what. Food - no soups in the summer, by the way. That was not mentioned on the 2 pager of a laminated menu. I had the turkey and bacon enchiladas. It hit the spot and was quite decent. Friends ordered the burger and Bruschetta Planks. This place also has one of those Touch Tunes jukeboxes you can control from your phone via app. Unlike most places, this jukebox doesn't block out any songs - even the usual censored "explicit" labelled ones. Pro tip: if you wanna get on Lindsey's good side, fill up the jukebox playlist with requests for Operation Ivy tunes. Will be back for sure sometime.
4	Great beer selection, very helpful  / friendly server/bartender (MATT), food was average to slightly above average, but super affordable.  I will be back!
3	Their waffle fries are great!! However...if you are a true shrimp taco lover, such as myself, do not order the shrimp tacos... Its basically a little shrimp mixed with lettuce ( used as a filler..nasty) and a corn/flour tortilla. My bf says the b.y.o.burger  is aweome and the BEER selection is fantastic!!
5	Food and staff are great. Haven't had anything bad yet. Happy Hour all day Saturday, great selection of beers And they have ASU games regardless of what channel they are playing on!
5	The first time I came to spokes it was for a business meeting, it was happy hour and I was just looking over the table tent looking to see if anything stuck my fancy. My friend was on his phone reading off beers, and I was interested. The Entire Beer Menu and Food Menu are built into an APP? WHAT!!!! I was able to browse my phone right quick and know all about the best drafts on tap, and take a good look at the menu before the waitress comes to get my order.  It was really interesting. I ordered a San Tan Mr. Pineapple Beer, (very Taste, Much Pine, WOW) and some turkey tacos. I thought it sounded a little weird, but I'm a chef so I figured i can put Thanksgiving in a burrito, Tacos are a great choice. I grabbed some BBQ wings as well, the Happy Hour food here is really cheap but pretty good. Now this is my new local bar, it's right down there street, and the app even lets me know when my favorite beers are back on tap. AMERICA
3	Interesting, very cool decor.  Waitress was very quick to greet us and get our drink orders.  Menu is small with some rather odd choices but substitutions or subtractions are allowed.  Pretzel and cheese was yummy, and enough for two to share.  Hamburger was grilled perfectly and tasty.  Waffle fries were crispy on the outside, fluffy on the inside.  Overall, a good meal!
3	Soo far we have tried the pepper burger, 9.50 not with it!  The side if waffle fries are excellent. We had the farmers fry basket, appetizer,  the basket was good but again not worth the 9.50 price.  We were not told ahead of time, that the iced tea is brewed with " flowers" , not my favorite.  We were not informed that Saturday all day is happy hour.  While waiting for drinks I noticed the menu for happy hour on the table.  I ordered wings, mild.  Soooo ordinary!  Nothing spectacular here. Best thing was the Groupon.
5	Bad ass view and great happy hour. Every Saturday!
4	I cant say enough great things about Spokes! I live in the area and decided to check it out when it opened and myself, as well as all for my friends, have made spokes our "home bar" for many reasons. First the beer. We are very proud craft beer snobs and the ever rotating list of taps at spokes never disappoints. They have some well known crafts like Lagunitas and Sam Adams as well as local beers like Mudshark (Lake Havasu) and Four Peaks (Tempe). The selection is always outstanding and has beers for every palate whether you're feeling a light fruit beer or a Double IPA. They really try to support local breweries and Arizona has some great ones so definitely try something new! The food is also amazing. The happy hour apps are all killer (you need to try the turkey street tacos), as well as the full menu. A few of my favorites are the Carver Burger and the Southwest Turkey Sandwich. They also have a kids menu. The staff is always attentive, and usually busy but remember why you're here! Spokes is not a burn and turn type of place. Sit back, relax and enjoy it. Scot and Jess are two great servers with some great recommendations. The best part about spokes however is the atmosphere. They have a beautiful fenced patio that overlooks a lake with turtles, ducks and geese, a fire pit and ample seating outside! Inside the bicycle themed interior also has dart boards, some arcade games, and even board games to offer. If you want to catch a game here you're in luck. I think there are around 11 big screens around the Bar area that come in very clear and unless there is a big event going on they will usually switch to whatever you feel like watching that day. Overall I would highly recommend spokes! to throw a few back as well as get a meal its usually only around 20$ before tip as well so very affordable!Knocked one star off only because nights like trivia night and karaoke seem to always be understaffed which increases the wait times.
4	Been here n every time a great selection of beers! I'm gettn a Salmon BLT...always my "go to"...
4	Sue and I came here to catch up and grab a bite to eat while I'm in town.  It's a bike themed ale place, and I really liked it. I don't know what it was before, but I wish this place was here when I lived in Mesa.They have a gorgeous patio with tons of covered seating.  Sue and I sat outside before they opened and hung out for a bit. Once they opened, we went in and placed our order.  I went with the chicken strips and sweet potato fries while she went with clam chowder soup.  Our server was really nice and paid good attention to our table with our order.We didn't feel rushed at all. Unfortunately, I was unable to try any of the beer since it was to early for me to start drinking.  From what I could tell, they had a decent enough selection and I liked that.  Place was open and airy with plenty of seating and a nice relaxed feel to it.Overall this place is a good little spot.  Great menu, friendly staff and overall good location. Please give it a try if your on this side of town.
5	Great selection of a rotating cast of beers. Lunch and happy hour specials are reasonably priced. It is usually a seat yourself operation but the staff always brings water and menus within a minute. Food is quickly prepared and consistently good. Events like karaoke night and trivia, so check ahead! Great happy hour specials. The chicken tenders and anything fried are perfect bar fare. Vegetarians can always find something. Outside seating overlooks a pond--smokers can't control the wind so be prepared for smoke if you're there on a busy night outside. Overall , they've accomplished a friendly and quality neighborhood bar that can accommodate college students, young professionals , and retirees comfortably!
4	Solid 4 stars - these guys sling a lot of hash and ale. The place is easy to find, just West of McClintock on the North side of Southern.  There is inside and outside dining, separate rooms for those who need it a little quiet. Bar has stools and tables.A variety of amazing Turkey choices. We had the Turkey Quesadilla on a spinach tortilla.  Super! Turkey tacos were terrific, especially enjoyed the stuffed green pepper side (waffle fries were a hit with the grand kids). Daughter quite enjoyed her turkey pesto sandwich.  Wife liked the veggie sandwich.  We all shared a garden salad with turkey.  We are not beer drinkers so cannot comment on the award winning ales. Small pond with ducks off the outside seating.
4	So ill start with the negative. The queso was not good. It is not spicy.. they just add more gallons of siracha.Wings excellent. Beers excellent. Service excellent.They accomodate change channels and have nbatv awesome.
2	Went here with my boyfriend and his daughter because his co-workers raved about it...Either we cam on a bad night or their tastes in food is whack.  Anyway, was so excited when my boyfriend said they had these awesome (sounding) Grilled Cheese sandwiches.  I chose the bacon and pear.  My boyfriend got a burger and so did his daughter.  We also the the app with all the diff fried veggies.  For drinks I got an Angry Orchard cider (wanted a heff but server said they don't have any... really??) My boyfriend go some other cider thing. and then since it was Sunday and their Bloody Mary's were $5, I decided to have one of those too (it was a rough day).So let's start with the app.  Most of the veggies and cheese curds were pretty good (pickles, green beans, not sure about the Okra because I don't like it, but the BF and his daughter ate 'em.  The corn fritter things tasted like corn and raw pancake batter on the inside.  Some of the smaller cheese curds were like rubber.  The spicy aoli was good, the taziki was whack.  It was not smooth with chunks of cucumber or just smooth is was like they put the cukes in a food processor and threw them in a cup.  It was just weird.The cider was good and so was the ale/cider thing my bf got.  the Bloody Mary was horrible.  Mix was thin and watery (f it was a mix) didn't have that "zing" to it, just blech.The Food.  The server said they cook their burgers "pink" in the middle and that is how he likes them.  Nope, well done.  Secondly, his buns were BLACK like completely burnt.  Who lets that get out of the kitchen, huh?  They do.  His daughters was very dark too, but she was hungry so she just ate it that way, he asked for diff buns.  My grilled cheese.  First off, it was toasted bread.  Not yummy, buttery, crispy, crunchy deliciousness you expect from a grilled cheese.  No oozing cheese (supposed to have Brie, Blue Cheese and Cheddar) no brie, no blue.  I asked the manager(?) when he brought out my bf's plate with new buns and asked him about the cheese conundrum.  I opened the sandwich and told him to look.  He says, "there is a some blue cheese right there (it was the size of the tip of pencil lead).  He also told me that they don't put a lot of brie or blue because they are very strong and pungent cheeses.  Brie is strong and pungent???  And yes, blue is and I love it, so I want the flavors come out in the sandwich.  That grilled cheese was $9.00! I was very very dissapointed.  I make WAY better grilled cheese and it doesn't cost me $9.00.  The waffle cut fries were gross but I DID love their sweet potato fries, and they did taste homemade.  Service was great!  The bill was almost $70.00 for that crap, never again.  Even his daughter said she didn't want to come back and she isn't a food snob like my bf and I.  Sorry Spokes on Southern, looks like you gotta flat.
5	I love this place!!!!! Great rotating craft beers on site, a simple beer menu which gives realistic details of what the beer will taste like. The price, like 4 or 4.50 a beer, and for craft beer, that makes me very happy! Good company, great beer, great service. I haven't ever ordered food here, but the presentation from what I've seen others get is very spot on. This is going to be my go to place for sure!
4	Made it out to spokes yesterday to catch up with friends. Such a cool place. The patio overlooks Spirit of yoga's pond which makes a nice view. Service here is awesome! The bartenders really know their brew and the appetizers are tasty. The patio is dog friendly and I immediately had regrets for not bringing jasper. The unique variety of beer on tap is exciting and there is a cool lounging area to watch the game. It's bike themed so all the small art detail is wicked cool. Thanks for a great after spokes staff!
4	I frequent Spokes about once a week with a group of friends. The place is great. Food is tasty. Staff is friendly. My only complaint is about the water. The water is terrible. It has a dirty taste to it. Their tea and lemonade also tastes that way. Everything else is good here.
4	This place has tasty food and has plenty of options for vegetarians. The atmosphere is fun for large or small groups but can be too loud at times. They have a "sit anywhere" policy which is nice but tend to not see or forget about people on the porch but you're likely to get a free appetizer out of the frequent slip up. If you're not a smoker be careful of the porch.
5	Love this place. Great patio next to a small pond that gives a nice neighborhood feel to the restaurant. Inside is open and spacious, with a decent amount of bar seats and tables. The food is excellent and well priced, if you go you must try the stuffed pablano pepper! I've also had multiple different burgers and have not been disappointed yet. Drinks are well priced and on certain days of the week there are drink specials! Staff are definitely friendly and helpful! All in all an easy 5 star for me.
1	Food was not good at all and they use Texas Toast.   Kids area kind of weird for a bar.Beer was not very cold and service was slow.
5	Wow. Another 5 star post. :) I don't know if anyone's noticed (that's just the insecure writer in me talking), but I post a lot of 5 star reviews. Not to sound conceited, but if I go to a place, that means its good.  "I'm just sayin'!"I know that sounds bad, but people like me are destined to rub people the wrong way.That will not happen at Spoke's though. "Spokes On Southern" if I'm being exact, instead of lackadaisical.This wonderful restaurant and bar is right in my neighborhood, and even though we have so much to choose from in Arizona to spend our beer dollars, this is one of the places that deserves the whisking of plastic against a terminal. That charge on your debit card will never be regretted. The beers on tap change constantly, which provides the benefit of variety to customers like myself, and the satisfaction of plentiful choices to the discerning palette. Examples include the "Piehole Porter" and the local Arizonian "Inebriator". I would find it hard to believe that a beer lover would leave here dissatisfied-especially when you can get premium local beers for only $3 during happy hour. Their food isn't half bad either, and even if it was, the value you're getting would make McDonald's marketing executives run back to their holes to do another SWOT analysis.My humble request is that you would try this place after seeing my review. The service is great, and the people who work here are welcoming and friendly. It's great for groups, a get to know you meeting, or just hanging out by yourself at the bar. The last would be me. A vote of confidence from your friendly  neighborhood mom & pop reviewer-no red and blue spandex. :)
4	Solid beer food, great beer choices, cool atmosphere. This is the second time I was here and the first time I tried the food.We got Turkey Pesto (great!) and the Turkey bacon enchiladas. (Also great). They do have a kids area (not sure this is a place to bring your kids to begin with) but why discriminate? Bring 'em!Overall great place. Cheers!
2	When my husband and I moved within walking distance to Spokes on Southern, we figured it would be our neighborhood bar.  I am sad to say that due to repeated episodes of bad service, that will not be happening. The first time we tried this place, it was right before Halloween.  The bartender dressed as Duff Man was really nice and knowledgeable about the beer.  He is the one breath of fresh air that we have experienced here.  The next two times, we walked our dog to the patio, hoping to enjoy a pint before the walk home.  Both times, we were neglected by the servers for very long periods of time.  The second time, we waited 10 minutes just to order a beer.  We asked for just a few more minutes while we decided if we wanted something to eat.  Thirty minutes later, the server comes back to ask us if we've decided.  Yeah, we decided about 20 minutes ago when you completely disappeared that we no longer wanted anything else because no server was anywhere to be found.  The servers act as though the patio is an afterthought.  I don't know if they pull double duty and serve inside and outside at the same time, but if that's the case, it isn't working.  A few servers should probably be stationed outside because the service on the patio is severely lacking.
5	I can drink a beer and watch ducks. Who would not find that relaxing. This is my second time here and i'm hooked, the food is excellent but the beer options are even better plus the bartenders know what they are talking about when it comes to the beer options.  I think the only thing that keeps me a  regular is i finally have a place that can cook a median-rare burger to perfection. BTW your waffle are better than chick-fil-a.
1	It was our first visit to Spokes and we enjoyed the atmosphere, our server; Matt and the food tremendously. We almost did not come in because of our disappointment in Spokes Anti-Gun policy posted in the front window. As good as it was, we will not be back unless Spokes changes it's socialist policy.
5	I've eaten everything on the menu here and it is good! Try the spinach enchiladas if you're feeling adventurous! They're great!
