3	Cafe Portobello is now the Twisted Lizard.  I stopped in to catch a little of the MNF game.  Of course, I ran into a few folks from the neighborhood.They ditched the Italian theme and have a new contemporary menu.  The sandwiches, entrees and lahvosh look good.I just kicked back at the bar and had a Dos Equis Amber and watched the game on one of the many flat screen TVs.  At $3, the cold beer tasted really good.I hope the new owners can bring this great neighborhood place up to it's true potential.
4	This is finally the neighborhood restaurant it should have been a while ago. Stopped in and had some appetizers& a glass of wine. Food was good, wine was reasonable and staff was friendly! And to top it off the place was packed.   Looking forward to having this in my neighborhood.
3	Looks to have a lot of potential. I enjoyed a drink here with a buddy a few nights after they opened. It was pretty empty for a Friday night, though that should change as more people discover this hip neighborhood hangout.
5	Great new place in a familiar location. Menu is much improved from Portobello, staff is very friendly, and the food is great!
4	We love it here.  It is a great place for people watching.  Food is good.  I love the El Jardin lavosh.  I can't order anything else.  Spring for the big one, it is yummy as left overs too (just a bit soggy)  The service is great and friendly and you really get a feel for the neighborhood.
2	I want to love this place.  The location is great, the view is nice, the staff seem nice, and the prices are reasonable.  However, the food needs serious work.  The dessert menu needs to be replaced entirely.  I tried the mud pie and it was a huge slab of very hard frozen ice cream - not good.  I also tried the caprese salad the other day.  The tomatoes could have used more basil but were ok.  On the other hand, the small balls of mozzarella were far too numerous.  I would rather have a few chunks of better cheese.  The whole salad was covered in cheap (gross) Parmesan cheese (as was the bread).  This stuff is not cheese.  It has no taste and it doesn't belong on a caprese salad in the first place.  I suppose some Parmigiano reggiano could have been ok, but if that is too expensive, skip it.  I will be back, because I have been waiting for a neighborhood place, but please work on the food.  Good food does not have to be super expensive, but it takes some care with ingredients and preparation.    I hope to update my rating with at least another star in the near future - if not, I am sad to say, it won't matter because this restaurant will be gone.
4	I literally live around the corner from this place. I was scared to go for a while because I might end up liking the place, and I could become "a regular!" So, one day my game wasn't on TV, so I ponied up and went over to check it out. First off, the place is clean, spacious, modern, with tons of TV's for sports. Too bad it's a Nebraska bar on Saturdays, being a USC fan myself! But, nonetheless, Stella on tap for 3 bucks... can't be beat! They do allow you to smoke on the back patio, if you're into that. Food seemed to be OK, and as my game was ending, families came in for supper, a good sign! Greg, the owner is a super friendly guy, who seems to be just hanging out all the time! No 5 stars only because I wish they had a little bit better of a beer selection, say dark, porter's, other ales on tap!
2	We were very excited when we saw this establishment had new ownership.  The location is fantastic and the restaurant is clean; however, we will not be back for several reasons.  First, they need to seriously work on the menu.  It is not very expansive and I have not been excited about any items I ordered (out of three visits).  In addition, I was hoping the draught beer selection would be better.  Due to food and beer selection, I will be spending my money up the street at Temple Bar.
5	FINALLY! I used to come here when it was the old place but over the past couple of years it got pretty bad BUT NOW new owner new name and it is awesome again. Good food good people good value GOOD TIMES
5	Was thrilled to see the old Caffe Portobello location reopen. If you're up around the McDowell Mountain area, you should make a point to swing by the Twisted Lizard. We've always loved the location and the staff at this location is sensational. Great patio, great bar, lots of patrons. The food is great, especially the pulled pork and smoked brisket (appetizer, sandwich or entree). All five of the lahvosh choices are fantastic, too. If you're really into draught beer, you might be disapponted, but there's a great wine list and plenty of bottled beer. Great place to go hang out with a few couples - especially if the guys want to keep one eye on a ball game. ;-)
1	I miss Cafe Portobello!! Not the Cafe Portobello with the horrible ownership, the ORIGINAL Portobello. The one with the Flat Iron Steak and Chipotle mashed potatoes...OH I MISS IT. It's tragic what has become of this location. They took a BEAUTIFUL layout with an open feel and nuetral decor and turned it into a dark, dreary place. The LAST thing we needed was ANOTHER sports bar. We have Zipps, Goldies and  Temple Bar. This location with it's amazing patio and breathtaking view desrves SO MUCH better. MMR deserves better. The staff is nice enough but the food and wine offerings completely random and dissapointing. Sorry but when we want to go to a "sports bar" this will be my last choice.
2	I've been here at least a half dozen times. The Twisted Lizard has an outstanding patio. Their ribs when on special are good and decently price. Their baked beans and fries are great. Their chicken finger dinner is really good, albiet very pricey ($14 if memory serves me). Unfortunately their burgers have no flavor. For a bar, you have to have a decent burger, I can't even twist my wife's arm anymore for her to join me. Bad service and bad burgers cancels out outstanding patio views.Took about 1/2 hour to get our burgers on St. Pat's day. This was after the happy hour rush, the place was about 80% full. The waiter never came by to refill my beer. My bad, he asked me if I wanted another beer after about 15 minutes after I had finished my dinner; Check Please!  I noticed the tables next to us were having full attention from their servers. So the bad service doesn't seem to be a restaurant wide problem, but that was my experience on St. Patrick's day.
4	Been to this Restaurant a few times, my husband and I Love this place, we can walk to it, Great  Happy Hour, the View is SPECTACULAR  !!!! Good Margaritas !!!  Good Food !!!
2	Not good enough for the price.  $16 for chicken.
1	After several visits, I decided to update my review. It is such a shame that this great location can't attract an owner that cares at all about the business.  Apart from the view, this restaurant has nothing to offer unless you like substandard food and rude wait staff and bar tenders.  Like many in the area, I am waiting for this place to go out of business - it shouldn't be a very long wait.
4	Just a pop-in for a cocktail and really loved the vibe and feel.  Started with excellent service, were greeted promptly with a smile and received drinks and menus.  I had a well poured cocktail and my guest enjoyed a very cold beer.  The happy hour menu was varied so you could enjoy price breaks on liquor and beer.  The food also looked excellent but as I mentioned, we had to run but I wish we had more time for food.  Next time, as I highly recommend this North Scottsdale spot if you are in the area!
4	Twisted Lizard is great if you're looking for dinner, drinks, a great happy hour, friendly people and a great vibe.  I have never been disappointed with anything from this place.  They have daily wine specials, a great happy hour and an awesome bar and patio.  I would recommend this place to anyone looking for a nice place to grab a drink or meal in north Scottsdale!!
2	Nachos are a solid D- but the beer and bartenders are great.
4	We've only made one visit to the Twisted Lizard and our experience was a good one.  A friend mentioned it as being a good place to watch Nebraska football games so we decided to try it out.For what we were looking for, it was perfect.  Laid back atmosphere, plenty of TVs, good food and good service. We had some kind of a garden (veggie) lahvosh and the BBQ sliders (pork, beef and chicken combo).  Both were good.
5	Just Celebrated my Sister's Birthday here, about our fifth time here, we love this place, Great Food, Great Service, and they were all so Great, and accommodating for our Family get together, Jessie, was the Best !  Thanks Jessie !
5	I live in the neighborhood and I have walked to The Lizard at all hours. The food is INCREDIBLE! The service is pretty good too. They are busy and the staff does a pretty good job for as many people as they get in. Be patient if you have to wait to be seated. The Lavosch (sp?) is amazing. Great salads and wings. Great beer selection, fun place to watch the game. The owner seems like a cool guy and is really friendly and accessible. This may be the perfect neighborhood bar.  I almost forgot, burgers are really incredible too! Keep it up TL!
3	I SO want to like this place.  It's the only place within waking distance to our house in MMR.  Loved it over the summer, but since the new owners took over, the service and food have gone down hill.  Pulled pork and brisket used to be favs...not as good anymore.  Lizard greens are good but not sure if they have a new cook but he/ she over does it...way too much pepper on the linguini squash.  They changed the menu and when I first tried the Lizard wedge, it was great with lots of yummy fixings, the second time, it was just the wedge of lettuce with very little fixings.  I mentioned it to the server and she acknowledged it and said, 'yeah it was better when they were trying to promote it as a new item.  Also they need better and more beers on tap and the wine pours are not generous at all.   Also, sad Sclafini's pizza had to close as a result of new owner. It was very, very good.
1	I really want to like this place but the service is awful. The staff consistently chat with each other or a buddy who is a customer while your food is waiting to be served or your drink refilled.  I have gone back three times hoping it will get better. They definitely need a  manager to direct the wait staff!
2	First of all the food is mediocre and the dishes they offer aren't very creative--and it's gone down hill within the past month..The real reason that I frequent this place is because of the musical line up on Thursday---Young Country--they are great!  I go there this past Thursday, and no Young Country..They cancelled them because of college basketball...Are you kidding?  No wonder why it was dead.  Mistake. Big mistake.  They need to get their act together or they will just go under like so many other places have.  Bring back the BOYS!
2	This is a tough review to write because I live in the neighborhood and like to walk over for dinner. It is a cool set-up with the open bar and the outdoor area, but this place has a real identity crisis. I went there a few times when it was Portobellos. The food was terrible and the menu was all over the place. When it changed to the Lizard the food got better and the menu more uniformed. I had high hopes. Unfortunately, the food has gone way downhill over the past six months, and the service is spotty. Several of the servers and one of the bartenders are great, the rest are rude and slow. The food is either very greasy, or dried out. I sure hope they can fix this place. To the owners I say: "Figure out an identity that works with the local clientele, change the menu to something that is simple, straightforward, uniform, and most importantly GET A NEW CHEF!"
1	My favorite dessert is mud pie and we picked this place for my birthday dinner because they have mud pie on their menu on their website. Lo and behold THEY DON'T HAVE MUD PIE! How frickin' hard is it to keep your website up to date. It's the 21st century. Not sure what else is fiction on their website but if you think you're getting it because it's on the website better call and verify.
3	Twisted Lizard is very close to my house, and I wish it was "super" good so I'd want to go to it more. It is decent and I've liked the food the two times I have been, but nothing memorable, nothing that I crave. When it cools down I'll definitely try again.
3	Good fish tacos. Nice patio.
4	We've popped by for happy hour a few times. Great prices. Love the wings! Great atmosphere, especially when it's patio weather.
2	Took my family there for dinner since it's the closest place for dinner when we are visiting family in the area. We had high hopes but were disappointed. The food was pretty good, not great, but not bad. It was the service that was challenging. The wait staff were very nice, but there just wasn't enough of them. If you requested a refill of your water, it would take literally 20 minutes to get it. Same with the check. I doubt we'll give it another try.
2	Really, really weak beer selection. Inexcusably so.  It's like they signed up for the 3 taps the Budweiser salesman was pushing and that's it.  Sad. And lazy.   I really wish I could like this place but other than being really close to my house, I can't.There is so much they could do to improve it's appeal but they seem to want to pinch pennies to save a dime rather than seeing the big picture to make dollars.Follow up: Read through the other reviews.  Notice how many people say they wish they could like it better, how they want it to succeed, that it seems lost and without any identity?  Owners: Your potential customers are cheering for you, get with it before it's too late.
4	Love coming to this place on a Thursday evening for the live music and solid food.
4	Great to have a neighborhood pub where you feel like family - like Cheers. Management always working to get better.
2	Stopped in for Thursday night football. They were busy but open tables. Service was horrible. Took almost 30 minutes for our food. We finally asked the waitress and have to wonder if she forgot to put our order in! Food was just okay and over priced. I wish the place was better since it is a great location. Not sure I will go back.
2	Poor customer service and overpriced food that arrived cold. Wonder how long this place will last...
1	We live in the neighborhood and would love to have a place nearby with good food and a great atmosphere. Sadly, this place does not fit the bill. The menu selection and quality of food is less than mediocre. Also, they have had a fireplace on the patio under construction for over 7 months! This is a job that would take a single person a day to finish! This lack of attention does not bode well for how the restaurant is being run.
5	Adam and his crew are great. Casual setting with great food and live music on weekends.
3	The place is ok. Food is a bit spendy for what ya get. Lots of older north scottsdale peeps doing a lot of hugging and back slapping feeling pressured to get out of here not sure why the place is not packed. I got news for them I ain't leavin till my wine is killed!!!!
1	One star is too generous for this "establishment". When you order food and drinks you expect it to be served in a timely manner. Every time we go here to give it another chance we are always disappointed. Why do we bother. You should not either. The food is nothing special and lacks flavor. ButThat's what you get when the owner does not care about service and their customers. We want this place to work because it's the ONLY place in the hood. Of course that means there are opportunities to be had!
5	Let me just start by saying this is one of the best neighborhood bars I have ever been to. I will admit, I didn't have high expectations for a neighborhood bar - most of them are dingy with subpar food. Not this place. I can honestly say that everything I have had from their regular menu is fantastic and stuff I would (and do) order again and again.Let's talk Happy Hour - it runs Monday through Saturday from 3-6:30pm. Most appetizers are at least half off and well drinks are $4. My husband and I love their quesadilla and their chicken wings. We order these frequently and they are delicious every time. We've tried their hummus and flatbread, but something about the quesadilla really hits the spot. They have Happy Hour on Sundays as well but its drinks only and it's all day. (If it is Football Season, then they have slightly different Happy Hour specials as well.)  For dinner, you cannot go wrong with the flat iron steak. It just melts in your mouth and you get two sides. Normally I'll get a side salad and an order of the beer battered fries, but their sweet potato fries and zucchini sticks are amazing as well. They do have a seasonal menu in which menu items change frequently. From this, I've tried the sea bass and let me tell you - this was the most tender and juicy sea bass I've had. There was a lot of butter involved but who cares - it was amazing. For lunch, the sandwich list is extensive and I've tried almost all of them. I love their turkey bacon sandwich - the turkey is thick cut and extremely juicy and tender. (It is way better than any other turkey sandwich I've had before and I've eaten a lot.) Then there is the chicken bacon poblano sandwich - oh my. This chicken is extremely juicy and melts your mouth. Plus the poblano makes it spicy! If you aren't in the mood for poultry, try their filet sliders. Three sliders with filet cooked to order. Another delicious option is the burger. My husband has ordered this several times and loves it. (Yes, you can add bacon and you probably will want to. Their bacon is cooked to crispy perfection.) Did I mention they do brunch on Saturdays and Sundays? Well, they do. They have flatbread breakfast items, burritos, and regular breakfast fare. They even have coffee - which is pretty good. Then, on Thursday and Friday evenings, there is live music from local musicians. Music starts around 8pm and it's a great way to unwind after a long day. Twisted Lizard is a great place to come with friends, family, on a date, or even solo. The servers are friendly and will remember you, which is nice. Additionally, the service is fast and you will get your food in a timely manner. Overall, you cannot go wrong with Twisted Lizard. They have something for everyone and a good time will be had. I will definitely be back, so stop on by! You'll probably see me there.
1	One star Is grossly exaggerating how good this is. Negative stars is the practical reality of this joint. We live in the neighborhood and so desperately want to like this place (and McDowell Mtn ranch golf grill- alas that place sucks arguably worse but don't get me started on that). Unfortunately the food stinks, the service stinks, and the the prices are hysterically high but for the fact that they genuinely expect you to pay them. I would take my chances at the chess club vs. going back here. Yuk.
5	Food, friends and fun!  We are so grateful this place is in our neighborhood.  If you're thinking neighborhood  bar you will be pleasantly surprised.  The vibe is comfortable  and the food is always delicious.  Tuesday night half price bottled wine makes it our date night regular spot.  And sports viewing is a must whether Sunday morning or Saturday night. Just tried the new seasonal menu.  It's innovative, delicious and well-priced.  But then so is everything on the regular menu too.  The staff quickly become your friends, not just your wait staff.  Adam manages with a hands-on personal touch, and welcomes suggestions for new menu items.Mikey, Jessica, Sophia and little Alex - yes, you get to know them all - will make you feel like you're part of the family.  I can't say enough about this place except just go there.  You will love it too!
5	Great food. Great people. Great drinks.Great tunes. I cannot tell you how many great nights I have had here with friends! There is a live band on Fridays at 7:30 rocking out to classics. The whole staff is fun and energetic! I enjoy hanging out on the patio and enjoying the purple mountains majesty during sunsets.
5	great time every time I come here food and staff are always awesome fun and great time adam is the bomb
5	Great service and best wings ever. Love to drop by for a drink and enjoying the relaxed atmosphere.  Cheers!
2	The problem is $5 for a 12 ounce glass of domestic beer. Really? 5$ ?  The food is just so so, and also overpriced. 15$ for little baby sliders? Do these greed mongrels think they are in NYC?
4	I love the atmosphere and live entertainment. I usually sit on the patio near the fireplace. So far I've only had appetizers but the rest of the menu looks good. Service is always friendly. I've heard it's a Nebraska bar too.
5	Our family loves the Twisted Lizard. Great patio with mountain views and they have a ton of TV's with all the games on. Very reasonable prices. The menu is good but limited. Staff is friendly and accommodating.
4	I love their wings! They are grilled!  Great service.  The location is great with good views. Nice outdoor patio. Live music on certain nights of the week.
