3	Great addition to the small downtown/courthouse area lunch spots. Food was fast and fresh and service was friendly. I ordered the Fatoosh salad with chicken and an order of Sultan's bread. Before my order came up, someone's Greek salad was up and I nearly changed my order because the Greek salad looked that good! The Fatoosh salad was good: romaine lettuce with tangy/sumac dressing and the crispy pita chips were sizable and still crispy despite the dressing. The chicken was tender and quite flavorful. Perfect lunch portion! The bread was eh. Will definitely be back (for the Greek salad next time) and would highly recommend this place!
5	I really love this place! I get the beef Shawarma sandwich and get their homemade hot sauce to put on it. The hot sauce is so good and not spicy so I highly recommend it with any dish. The food is amazing here and they are really friendly. It gets pretty busy during lunch since the courthouse and everything else is right across the street.
5	This is my first visit to Sultans Grill and it was amazing.  Steve the owner is a really nice guy who runs an amazing business.  I ordered the chicken strips, something my daughter and I really wanted and let me tell you; first off they are made fresh to order and when they came to the table i was shocked.This was a real chicken (not processed, not bought from a supply place, but a real chicken breaded and sliced into strips and cooked to perfection.  I have never had chicken strips prepared from scratch in any place.So how were they, AMAZING....this place is located in a small indoor food court across from the court house and if you ever get the chance to head down to Lewis and 2nd street, you need to visit this place.They have an great looking menu and from people who have been here many times, this is one of the last places you would expect to find food of this caliber, but I am here to tell you what, this is the first place I will go when I am looking for a good meal during the week.Most people will say downtown???  It takes nothing to get downtown and this place is worth the trip.  I will be back often as the menu has a great selection of items I am wanting to try.  I added a picture of the chicken and fries so you can see the amazing chicken strips.
