5	I can't tell you how wonderful this store treats it's customers. I went in the store last night around 5:30ish, pretty close to closing time, due to a tire that was looking really low. I thought I had run over a nail or something and was worried I'd have to shell out some money for a new tire. I popped in and the place was packed, I mean a line of about 5 or 6 people and the store only being open another half hour. So I was worried I wouldn't be able to be serviced by the time my turn was up. I was thinking of leaving, but thought I'd at least try. Well the line went by super fast and as soon as I got up to the counter to explain my problem the guy at the counter ran out to look at my tire right then, so no wait at all. Turns out the tire pressure was all whacked and I pulled up near a stall, and another guy in the service doors pulls up and checks all my tires for free! I felt very safe driving home and was happy to get the special attention even when they were slammed with work orders. In the past I've gone to discount tire to fill holes in my tires when I've ran over nails, and they are always very kind and helpful getting me on my way. Special thanks to Kyle (he's the guy who checked my tire pressure), great job! There might be cheaper tire stores out there, but the service at this store is worth paying a little more.
5	What can I say, great prices, great staff, why would you go ANYWHERE else?
5	Discovered my tire was FLAT.  Got enough air in it to drive it to Discount Tire on 44th and Bell.  I was LATE for work!  They were BUSY and their computers were down!  They said it would take about an hour.  About an hour later, they were all done!   They checked ALL my tires, discovered they were all loose, and they fixed the one (it had a nail in it) and I was on my way!   The technicians were extremely nice and were even singing as they worked.  AND they didn't even charge me ANYTHING for the great service!   Discount Tire...2 thumbs up!
5	Today I changed my wheels and I had to break the lug lock on the wheel since I don't have the key. I went to all other places but they said they can't break it. I went to this one because the rate from other site was all good and it really was. They broke my locks for $5 each. I had to replace all 4 wheels with my new wheels and it was free!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! $20 for breaking the lug nut lock and changing all 4 wheels. I think I will never find a deal like this. Their customer service was very good. All friendly and professional.
5	Discount Tire is where I go for all my tire needs.  Fast and friendly customer service.  They have free water available while you wait and I always drive in every 4-6 weeks for a free air check and to see how my tires are holding up.
3	Break Masters sent me here for something about the tires. They told me 1 hour and the actually started on the car in 1 hour but had it done in 15 minutes. Even though it was packed that morning it was ok I'll let them slide...
5	I have visited this business twice. Both times I was very happy with the service I received. Visit 1: I had a nail in my tire. They fixed it quickly and for FREE. Visit 2: I went in after having a flat. I didn't realize it was closing for them, but they were still gracious. I offered to come back, they wouldn't hear of it. Unfortunately, they couldn't plug the tire this time. They gave me a loaner used tire to use until I could get new. Once again, NO CHARGE!!!
4	This discount has a friendly staff with fast service. Can't really go wrong with any location in the valley. Always my number one choice for tires.
