5	Amazing!  From the first call to the time the installer left these people were great!   They installed a dog door through my block wall.  Not even a scratch on the paint or a bit of dust left behind.  (They ever bring their own vacuum cleaner!)Now my lazy ass doesn't have to get off the couch to let the dog out anymore.   It took my puppy about 2 hours before he figured it out and now he loves freedom.A little expensive, but it's so worth it.
5	Had Hale install my pet door 4+ years ago and it's still working great!  They did an excellent job and even moved the electrical wiring in the wall too!  The door (with minor cleaning) still looks new (with 3 dogs...now 2).
5	My dog asked me to to write this review to tell you all how much she loves her Hale pet door.  Actually, we are both very happy.  Our experience with the company was great from start to finish.  The door was installed through the (stucco) wall, and the installer saved the neatly cut out portion in the event I (or the next homeowner) ever want to remove the door.  Speaking of installation, the process was clean, clean, clean!  I actually think he left the kitchen floor nicer than he found it!  :)The door itself is very well constructed with two sturdy flaps to keep the cool air inside.  Of all the changes/improvements I have made to my home since I moved to AZ, this purchase has made me the happiest.  I don't have to worry about my furry friend languishing outside on a hot day.
5	This company is seriously AMAZING! I knew from my research on the Internet that getting a Hale door was a big investment and I was a little nervous about inviting someone to cut through my stucco house so I decided to go visit their showroom in Glendale.  Two friendly men greeted me, answered all of my questions, gave me tons of helpful information, and quoted me a price with 0% pressure!After reviewing the info with my husband we called to set up an appointment.  Within the week they sent Aaron out to install my pet door.  I was amazed at the attention to detail!  Aaron even covered the cement outside of my house to prevent it from getting dirty!  He took out the old in glass doggie door and helped me clean out the leaves that were trapped in my sliding glass door.  I felt like he went above and beyond my expectations!It took my dogs a few hours to get used to the double flap door but it is amazing!  I can't believe I wasted so much energy for so many years with my old doggie door.  Getting a Hale pet door is worth every penny!
5	Hale pet doors are amazing. I live in Los Angeles and did a lot of research to find the perfect dog door for my new greyhound.  Since they come in so many sizes, it makes finding the perfect door for your dog so easy.  A Tall Large Door version was the recipe for my tall skinny four legged baby. (Most dog doors are too wide and not tall enough for greys).  Four and a half years later, the door is still going strong, but one of the flaps is tearing a bit.  I rustled up my receipt, called the nice Hale people, and they are shipping me replacement flaps at a 30% warranty discount.  These doors are expensive, but SOOO worth it!
5	I just had Hale Pet Door install a doggy door.  I have a block house and they did a great job.  At first they came out and thought they couldn't do it but they called the manager and he came to take another look.  The manager was Eric and he was very helpful, polite and professional.  I appreciated how patient he was with the whole thing and after he showed up he made it work and the door looks great.  We haven't had time to start training our dog but are looking forward to it.  Hale even left us some instructions for how to care for the door and even how to train your dog to go through the door.  I would recommend these guys to anyone!
5	I looked all over locally for a good pet door, all anyone had was poor quality plastic ones that were designed for doors. I was looking for a pet door that could be put in the side wall of my garage that I was building new. I talked to the company, they shipped to Canada without hassle and were very helpful on the phone. After paying for the order we realized we could have received an additional discount for 'liking' them on FB. Without hassle they graciously provided the discount even after the fact by crediting our credit card. Being in Canada there wasn't an installer so I installed it myself. It really was quite easy to do and the finished product looks fantastic. Having the dual magnetic flaps will really help in the winter to keep the cold out and latching door will help any unwanted critters out as well. As others noted it is a bit pricey but I think totally worth it. From what I can tell they are the only ones on the market with this design and quality. Great product, I'd order from them again if I needed a second door for my house.
5	I purchased the Hale Pet Door in the Screen version.  We originally had one that we bought from Petco, however, that one attached to the screen and our dogs kept knocking it out AND we had it installed by a window/screen repair shop.  We decided that this summer we would do something different.  We did some research and purchased the Hale Screen Pet Door directly from Hale.  It was much more expensive than the one we purchased at Petco.  This door attaches to the frame of the screen and the screening and NOT just the screening by itself like the old one.  We decided to install it ourselves.  It took my husband and I about 1/2 hour to install it.  We've had it in over a week and it's WONDERFUL!  Three dogs are using it all day, every day.   My kids actually said that the screen door itself feels sturdier with the pet door in, than without it.
5	Just purchased a home that had a Hale pet  door installed!  Talked to rep at the Home Show and scheduled appt for replacement of flaps and cover.  They came to our home the following week and the work was done within an hour!  The guy arrived on time and began working right away!  Great pricing and Great Service!
5	Had my door installed 15 years ago. Had a problem 7 years ago and they came out and fixed it like new.... been great ever since.... this is the best pet security door on the planet!
5	Great company!  The ladies on the phone helped me customize my dog door to git my needs.  The man who came to install was on time, clean, and professional.  Best of all if you have a rescue dog, Hale will donate 10% to an animal charity of your choice.  Highly recommend!
5	Professional work.  I had a tall large door installed through brick with two doors and carpet in between.
5	We've had 3 Hale doggy doors in the past 10 years (moved houses). They have been such a great company to work with and the product has been awesome and of great quality. Would highly recommend! When they came to install they were very nice, informative and cleaned up. Would use them again for sure!
