3	we had a nice dinner at Kashima this weekend. The sushi was fresh, tasty and plentiful. there are a number of interesting rolls i'd never tried before, as well as sushi pizza!? pretty neat. the meal was great although the service was really slow. they seemed to forget about us after our food was brought out. standouts were the softshell crab roll, spicy tuna roll and the westmount roll.
4	I am a Montreal native and I've had sushi at most sushi restaurants in the city, but no restaurant has been so consistently good and reasonable priced as Kashima.Kashima has changed menus and owners several times these past few years, and needless to say, the prices have also gone up. Despite this, it is still among the tastiest and freshest sushi in town.I am updating my previous review and here are some comments on the sushi I had last night.Spicy tuna - one of the best rolls - fresh, perfectly balanced, and well proportioned so that you can actually eat it with the chop stick and it doesn't come part. The tuna melts in your mouth and there is just enough mayo to make it spicy.Westmount with salmon & tuna - a solid roll, a bit on the large side but thin enough so you don't make a mess while eating it. Flavourful - its deep fried edges gives it a pleasant texture without being too oily.Kamikaze 3 - it was just 'ok' - I remember when under a previous owner I used to have to specially request extra crispy tempura flakes because they did not put enough - those days are long gone. Now, the roll is overpacked with them, making it way too large. Are the extra flakes being used to justify the higher prices - and being put in the place of more fish?Montreal - This roll substitutes rice with tempura flakes - a less tasty version of the Kamikaze in my opinion. Again, way too much tempura - not sure what purpose it serves. I also didn't like that I had to use my hands to eat it and that it constantly came apart in the process. I was happy overall, but until those speciality rolls become better proportioned in size, I'm going to stick to the smaller, simpler, and more traditional rolls.
5	This is my favorite place to eat sushi in town. Here, you get a great sushi for a reasonable price
5	I decided to try a new sushi place tonight (Monday night) instead of my usual spots. Boy oh boy am I happy I did!  We were a party of 5 and the place was very quiet (only 3 other parties) - we ordered 70 sushi rolls and a few sashimi, and it was the perfect amount. Every single one was *really* enjoyed by each one of us - with the Hawaiian roll being the crowd favourite. It was out of this world!  Pineapple is unexpected but super delicious!  I will definitely be back!  And on the plus side, parking is free in Westmount on Mon-Wed after 6pm (not like elsewhere downtown)! Fantastic resto. Five stars!
4	The food is great! Japanese waitresses are always a plus, the only negative point was that the restaurant lacked ambiance music. Totally recommended! Grab a few dishes and share them! Tempura + soup +  beef teriyaki = delightful!
4	I've been there a few times over the years as it is located around the corner where I used to live. The sushi was always very good. They also have very affordable and tasty lunch specials.
