5	Just found this place from an ad, and it is GREAT. Cant see it from the street, but it IS there. Hubby and I had a couples massage last weekend and OMG it really was the best. Candy and Mercedes handled us...these girls KNOW how to massage. I, actually, felt like it was a little too hard for me, and althogh she kept asking me if I was ok and i would ask her to lighten up, it didn't really seem like she DID....but I am kind of sensitive...after the massage, though, I felt awesome, muscles were totally relaxed, so the pain was worth it.  Husband was AMAZED and wants to go back again (and he really dislikes the whole "massage" thing). Only thing slightly negative I could say is there are no candles/aroma ambiance and the light in the room was pretty bright, not very relaxing..but for $35, only an idiot would complain about those things. The place was immaculate, the therapists were very Skilled, and the receptionist was a sweetheart. Definately going back..no question!
5	I called on a Saturday, asked if I could get in the same day. They said yes. I came  in, was greeted by two very friendly ladies. I was a couple minutes early, and my therapist came and introduced herself right on time. It was an awesome massage. I raved about it so much Mr C got me a gift certificate for Christmas. I will be redeeming it this week! Its worth a check out. Nice place, and great prices without having to join the club.
5	Great place! Nice people ! Great massage!
5	I love going here. The place is kind of hidden, but it's awesome! Always clean and the therapists have always been amazing. Sometimes you don't even have to tell them what you want worked on, they  just find the problem and take care of it. Definitely recommend this place.
5	I went here when my massage therapist Kimberley Paige Stines started working here.  Nice interior....colors were relaxing and the waiting area was comfortable.  The room was not a little cramped but not bad....but I would lay on a cement block for a massage by KPS!  Sadly she left here right after I got my "two hours of heaven."  But I will go wherever she is..............anytime, anyplace, anywhere.  Look her up.....find her and schedule in some goodness!
5	This place is absolutely worth going to for a massage. The staff is really friendly. I've seen several different massage therapist there and Leandra is my favorite, she's the best! She is really good with applying the pressure you want.  Check this place out if you haven't already!
5	This massage helped morph me from a stress ball back to me!I'd been here once before, & after a horrid migraine I walked in with no appointment & my fingers crossed. Fortunately for me, there was an opening at that exact moment with Rosie. As soon as I told her I was living in the aftermath of a migraine she turned the lights off, bless her. She worked my head, neck & back & restored my good energy :)This place is small and tucked away. They accept walk-ins, but are normally booked, so I'd recommend calling prior to going in. A 1 hour massage is $40, which is very reasonable compared to other places. I've tried 2 therapists here so far & both were wonderful. There's not a single negative that I can think of. Definitely my favorite place to get a massage!
5	Just had a deep tissue massage with Rosie for a nagging problem.  She is excellent!  I would recommend her in a heartbeat.  Great massage at an affordable price.
5	I'm a last minute appointment kind of girl, which means I never get the same massage therapist twice, lol. & that's been okay! I have found that each therapist is unique, has different styles and techniques. Fortunately for me, I always seem to get exactly who I need :)Today I got Tim. He specializes in therapeutic massages (not the calming, fall asleep type), which is good, because I had a horrible kink in my neck & shoulders. He explained everything he was doing & why. It did NOT feel great while he was finding all those pressure points & knots (& sadly, i was riddled!), but I swear to you my shoulders actually dropped a few inches immediately after the massage & I can move my neck (yay!). If you need a serious massage, you can't go wrong with him! But like I said, everyone has been great so far! :)
2	I called to make an appointment (and have been apprehensive for months) today because I couldn't take the pain in my back anymore. I had an AWFUL experience at massage envy a while back and wouldn't ever go back there. They said they could take me today, and I went over about an hour later. I filled out the packet and was taken into the room right away. I must note that in the form I filled out it asked if I liked chit-chat, or silence, if I liked light medium or heavy pressure, if I liked music or silence, etc. Please explain to me why this guy talked non-stop (he was nice though) and put so much pressure on me that I was brought to tears. Do they ever READ these forms? Ugh. I pre-paid up front for an hour and a half, but wanted it to be over so badly that I said he could just do an hour and then keep the rest as his tip. Do I think he deserved a $20 tip? No way. But did I want it over with so bad that I was willing to forego 30 minutes to get the hell out of there? Yes! I do not like massages that cause pain. This guy was telling me it is supposed to hurt. What?! If I have a kink somewhere, I'd rather it take 5 sessions with you being gentle, than trying to force it out in one session. It has been 4 hours now, and I still can not sit down.  I work from home and design all day. I am staring at a computer and unknowingly at times do not sit properly which I am sure is causing the pain. However, I can afford to come back more than once. Like I said... They guy seemed nice, and I was glad they took me right away (well I suppose until I started crying). Because the guy I had specializes in injuries, so I'm sure it's hard for him not to force pressure. I will go back again, this time making an appointment for someone who focuses on therapeutic massages and re-review. But for now, my 2 stars stand. Like me. Who can't sit. :(
1	Forget it. Never going back. After I couldn't sit for the rest of the night and had to sleep on my stomach, I woke up covered in bruises. Luckily I wear long maxi dresses most of the time with a cardigan, so I'm generally pretty covered up. I had bruises all over my back, my rear and my legs as well. The next day someone from HHM called to ask how my massage was. I told her it was awful and what happened. All she could say was ohhhh, oh yeah. Ohhh that sounds like it hurt (ya think?!) and offered nothing to me. Not even my money back. I'd never recommend this place. That may have been an isolated incident, but I'm sure not stupid enough to go back to figure it out!
2	This review is for when we went on 7/12/13DISCLAIMER: 2 stars for overall experience however my therapist Rosie did a 5 STAR job...she was AWESOME and professional. Two stars is because the front desk lady killed the vibe for my husband and I. I visit Surprise about once a year and every time we go, we get massages and tired  different ones in search of a 'steady freddy'.  I thought we found it until the receptionist inadvertently insulted us with her unprofessionalism.The sad thing is that I don't think she knew she was out of line. She was trying to be "friendly" (or something) by talking really loose. Example: Post massage, we're paying and my husband asked for hot tea. The receptionist said, with a snort, "Are you CRAZY! It's hot outside and you want hot tea? What in the world would you want that for???"  My husband is not a confrontation guy but said, "Well you offer hot tea bags and I like hot tea after my massages'. WHICH  HELLO receptionist, it's very common to get hot tea with a massage, especially in places like Asia or high end spas (Vegas-Qua Spa etc), it helps flush toxins. The masseuse tried to play off the receptionist's rudeness but still didn't change the fact that no one got my husband some hot water. She instead said, "You could just stick the water on the roof of your car!" The other vibe killer...when we were trying to reschedule for a second massage (because it was really good) we couldn't decide on a time because we're on vacation and have relatives to visit etc, so when we changed the time from 12pm to 1pm to 2pm, then just said, "Hmm maybe that time won't work". The receptionist, threw down her pencil and said, "Come on you guys are killing me!". We felt pressured to just put a time in (mind you there was NOBODY else waiting behind us.) Honestly, if my best friend of 28 years talked to me the way she did, it wouldn't be bad. But the fact that we just met this woman an hour ago and don't know each other for a hill of beans, it was super unprofessional and made us feel unwelcomed. At least wait until we left the building to make your comments! We just called later on and cancelled. Which really sucked because our therapists were AWESOME, but in the competitive spa and massage business you can't talk to your customers like that and expect all of them to come back. Just really unprofessional. Sucked coz I really wanted to like this place....maybe other Yelpers will have better luck with overall experience.Pros:Cute and clean place, relaxinggreat therapists - ask for Rosie!Cons:unprofessional receptionist/front desk person day we visited =(
1	This place is lucky to get one star from me!  I read other reviews and figured I would give this place a chance, but NEVER again.  This was the worst massage I have ever had.  I had Rosie, who was recommended by another person on this site...they loved her and I hated her technique.  Not only am I bruised, I felt like I was being greased up for a wresting match.  When I go for a massage I expect to be able to relax, but not with Rosie.  Her "massage" made me feel like I was a can of paint in a mixer.  She was very rushed and almost aggressive.  There were several points during the massage that I just wanted to tell her to stop.  I have never anticipated the end of a massage, but you better believe that I was ready for this joke of a massage to end.  After the massage I asked to speak with the manager regarding my experience.  Come to find out the receptionist (with her breast tattoo peaking out of her shirt) was the manager!  WOW!  I explained my distaste with my massage and I was informed that I would have to pay regardless, but that the owner of the store would contact me later in the evening to discuss reimbursement...Surprise, they never called.  WORST massage experience ever!
5	Cute, clean, nicely decorated.  Rooms were a comfortable temperature, music was nice.  I had Wayne and he did a lovely job.  Perfect pressure (I like firm), listened to what I needed.  Perfect blend of relaxing, yet focusing treatment.  Next time I'm doing more glute work!  He was very knowledgable about the body.  Just communicate with your therapist and I promise you'll have a good massage.
5	VERY AFFORDABLE, and relaxing rooms.  Quality massage, and ambient atmosphere!   Well worth the money!
