4	This pizza is absolutely great!!! My husband and I stopped by on Sunday, and I found myself there again today! The sausage and pepperoni slice (or pepperoni and sausage) was a great taste and a bargain( $3.12). The dough is thin, the toppings are plentiful, and the taste will have you wanting to eat pizza for days!!!!
5	Great pizza, new york style, great service.
5	Being from New York, it reminds me of New York pizza, great customer service. Pizza is great and the prices are fair. Been coming for years. Closest pizza to New York you will get. Get the pizza wing special.
5	Pizza is pretty dang good. Calzone is frickin' ridiculous! The best I've had outside of Metro Pizza in Vegas. It's big enough for two average eaters or one me. Plus, it's only 8 bucks. Can't beat it.
5	Great pizza.  Obviously not fine dining but great service and pizza.  A must try!
4	Been going for 6 years  and great pizza just like my  previous home on Long Island. Service and atmosphere stink.
4	Pizza in Phoenix is all just ok... My good friend told me without good water you'll never get good dough. Rays has a good sauce and a great mix of cheese only if they could have good dough
4	I enjoyed Ray's Pizza. The sauce and toppings were flavorful and it was not too greasy. I did not experience "Ray's Revenge" as my in-laws said I might so Ray's is a win in my book.
4	Love the small town feel! Great food and service
1	My family has been going to this Rays Pizza on and off for 10 years and have noticed that the last time the wings were small and was hoping it was a fluke.  Tonight we had great anticipation of a some good pizza and wings, only to get home to find out the pizza was cold and soggy and the wings looked like they came from day old chicks because they were so small.  I decided it was time to call the manager and ask what he thought about the small wings and soggy pizza. Instead of stepping up and being honest, his statement was "I have never had a complaint about our food". Really.. Just remember Mr. Manager the first part of fixing a problem is admitting you have one. Denial has put many businesses out of business and you sure were not busy for a Friday night. Good luck, we will not be back.
1	No no. Just don't. There are other places to eat in the complex.  The food is super low quality and the service is shit.
5	Good
1	This place sucks. Got 2 slices that were clearly made yesterday if not before. Threw a topping on them and heated them up and called it fresh...for $7.  Waste of time and money.
2	This is an ok place, but just kind of mediocre. Good to keep in your back pocket if you are looking for somewhere you haven't been too many times. However, it is not cheaper than other places where are demonstrably better.
