5	This is really the best Marshall's I've been in.  I always stumble upon something perfect and unusual and just what I didn't know I was looking for.  I wonder a little if it's changed hands recently, because last time I went it seemed like it lost a little bit of its old flair.  This is where I've bought various clothing items I've worn 5+ years out of love and might decide to be buried in.  P.S. You might have to sift through some crap here, but that's just part of the experience.
5	This is the best Marshall's in Charlotte! Hands down!  Whenever I go, I make sure I have at least an hour or two, so I can try and look at everything. They have the largest shoe selection, best selection of designer name brands. You name it, they've got it!
5	This is a great Marshall's!  Everything is well organized.  Depending on how much time you have you can walk around the store quickly to see what's new.  Or you can dig for an hour in search of hidden treasures.  And there are always multiple cashiers so the checkout line goes quickly. This one even has a Mega Shoe department for the ladies.
4	In the world of copious "dress for less" stores, i.e. Ross, Marshall's TJ Maxx, etc. this particular store and location is one of my faves. Why oh why is this Marshall's so spectacular? Well, let me count the ways:-Tons and tons of designer jeans. I'm a total jean fanatic so this can present a problem and a solution if you know what I mean. I've seen Rock and Republic, Joe's, Sevens, Citizens, etc. They aren't super, super cheap but at least 50% off their original (insane) prices.-The most amazing shoe offerings I've ever seen at a Marshall's. It's a vast collection and I've seen some swank-ay designers within here - I'm talking Prada and D&G. For realz. -A pretty decent selection of workout gear and clothing. Tons 'o Under Armour and some Nike.There are also plenty of clothes and shoes for the dudes and the kiddos, just make sure you schedule enough time to look around! Happy shopping, to all!
4	I love to shop, but even I can get a bit overwhelmed with the discount retailers and their racks and racks of unorganized clothing. But I do love a deal, so I always try a discount retailer at least once before crossing them off the list. I happen to live in the Cotswold area and love this Marshall's. It's clean, has a crazy ton of great shoes (my weakness), and is pretty well organized in terms of these type of stores. The clothing selection is always well stocked, and this is my first stop if I'm looking for great workout clothes on the cheap. I've purchased Nike, Adidas, Under Armour and Puma gear here. I've noticed (but have yet to purchase), multiple top name designer clothing items as well. I've also picked up a great yoga mat, gifts for my friends kids and my nephew (great selection of hard cover books for much cheaper than retail prices), packets of cards for the notes I like to send, and even a duvet set and sheets for our spare bedroom. The kitchen section has a great selection of pots and pans, as well as other miscellaneous kitchen items that you didn't even know existed (which, of course, you immediately MUST have). There are always a ton of cashiers on hand, so even if the line looks long, it'll be a short wait. Ultimately, for a last minute gift or just to peruse what's available, this Marshall's is a great bet if you're on a budget.
5	I have never been a fan of Marshall's or TJ Maxx until this one changed my mind.Amazing merchandise. Even carries niche fashion brands that are hard to find in the QC even at Southpark.Big fan.
5	Let me say that I consider myself somewhat of a Marshalls/TJ Maxx connoisseur. If I spend more than two hours in a store my roommate has the uncanny ability to know that I must be shopping at Marshall's.This is the BEST location I have found, period.The clothes are a bit higher end as Nicole mentioned, but all in great condition and really you can find something cute with minimum digging. My last trip I ended up with an Italian-made sweater dress for fifty dollars, and a Cynthia Rowley shawl for thirty! It is also a great place to stock up on inexpensive basics - two pairs of Betsy Johnson tights for $10,  $4 camisoles,  $16 knit scarves, yes please! TONS of shoes for you collectors out there too! One of my favorite things about this store is that they carry a huge selection of higher-end beauty products. Joico, Wella, Body Shop, Wildaid, Nexus, clinique etc.. They also have fantastic deals on specialty food items, pots and pans (discounted Calphalon), and other home-wares.Plus easy parking, Ulta and Petsmart right next-door!
4	This is a great Marshall's -- with everything from super ladies shoes to soaps to housewares and great clothes, this store has an awesome selection of everything!  When the holidays roll around, this is a great place to search for great gifts for everyone on your list.
4	INSANE amount of shoes, and good size selection as well!As far as marshall's go, if I'm looking for anything other than clothing, I choose this one. Yes, they do have a small contemporary selection and some decent higher end denim options, a little bcbg, a little michael kors... but it seems like everyone knows this already, and for me everything after that little bubble was just boring. But, the shoes? holy crap. Their boot selection rivals a shoe warehouse's and they have a ton of shoes on clearance. The home goods, awesome. A surprisingly large collection of cook books, have even found a fiction book I was planning on buying as a gift off amazon. I was actually surprised how many gourmet food items they have, and the selection of really nice kitchen wares (even most of the line from the Palm Restaurant). If you need a green olive stuffed with anything other than a pimento - you can find it at this Marshall's! Tons of kids toys, children's clothing, and a good selection of electronics accessories (ear buds, head phones, etc) as you check out. Not much help as far as while you're shopping, but the cashiers are usually super friendly. It's clean, its nicely set up, and if you didn't prepare yourself to spend an hour sifting through the racks, there is a well kept bathroom in the back left corner.
4	Hello Friends!!I came here saturday morning to pick up some "throw away" stuff to put on for a day in the sun. (Son's baseball game, and swimming afterwards). I like this Marshalls, its kept up well. Doesn't seem like the hit or miss Flea Market look of some Marshalls/TJMaxx. if you can look past the last pitched desperate attempt by the check out person to get you to sign up for a Marshall's card (Marshalls of all places??) I think you will be      A-OK. Plus, its a lot of nice cool places around there. Check em out!!Safe travels
5	One of my top two favorite Marshall's in Charlotte. - carries higher end line if clothing- has more selections to choose from- conveniently located with or neat shops in the area like Bath/Body, Ulta, Books-a-Million, Harris Teeter, etc...
3	I love Marshalls but this location was just to cramp! I guess Marshalls has to have a quota of items in every store or something but this location was had no elbow room. I also didn't find as many things as usual at this location. Even though I love these stores and this one is located next to a lot of other great shops, I won't be back just because I got sick of saying excuse me fifty times while squeezing through the spaces between display racks.
