3	What can I say?  It's taco bell!When I have a craving for their hard tacos, it's hard to resist!  It's easy on the wallet and douses the taste bud's wants.Another favorite is the cinnamon twists!This restaurant location has never disappointed for lunch - it is well kept, clean and has friendly staff.
3	One of the healthier choices for lunch eats:Fresco Burrito Supreme (Steak): 330 Calories, 8g FatFresco Burrito Supreme (Chicken): 340 Calories, 8g FatFresco Crunchy Tacos (Beef): 150 Calories, 8g FatCinnamon Twists: 170 Calories, 7g FatIt's easy on the wallet too!
3	Well I didn't get sick and die, that counts for something these days!
3	I recently had a quick bite to eat at this location.  My usual......Bean Burrito and 7 Layer Burrito.Order was accurate.Place was clean.Food was ok.It's Taco Bell....not much to say.Will I return?  Sure.
4	Top faves: 7- Layer burrito (vegetarian fave), soft taco, meximelt & bean burrito. I've always had a thing for Taco Bell since I was a kid. It's cheap and with recent studies-- it's HEALTHY. I don't care if it's only 30% actual meat, it all comes out the same, right? ;) Restaurant is nearby. Dining area is clean, restroom is clean and staff is friendly, most the time. Return visits? All the time!
4	You know how when you were a lil kid, you wanted to go to McDonalds and get a happy meal? Well, I rather have Taco Bell instead. Weird huh? I think that I've always been a big fan because of the cheesy goodness. My favorites are the pintos and cheese, nachos supreme and chicken soft taco. Sometimes I stray and get a Mexican pizza, but other than that I keep it simple. I've never been here for dine in, but the drive thru service is pretty quick. I will be back for sure.
4	I was eating at this location today, and was pretty impressed. The store had plenty of parking spots around the building. I believe there were 2 entrances into the diner, maybe even three. The place was clean during Lunch time rush! The employees were friendly, and easy to understand. The service was very fast, and accurate. I will be dining at this Taco Bell again!
5	This place is great! Food is cheap but very good!  I always go thru the drive thru, it's fast, and the employees are always very nice, never make errors.
1	Absolute morons! First they keep screwing up the order on the drive thru screen, then its finally right, and the idiots make and serve me the original screwed up items. We went for breakfast and they gave us regular food.  We got home and tried calling but no one answered.  What a joke!
1	I'm absolutely APPALLED at this Taco Bell! I used to actually frequent it rather often, but went on a bit of a fast food hiatus. I had a craving for Taco Bell and thought, "why not?"Oh, I found out "why not" in short order! First- the wait at the drive through was kind of ridiculous. Not just sitting in the line of cars, but once I'd placed my order, I sat at the window for quite awhile waiting for the food to be ready. When you're hungry and in a hurry, that's not the best thing. It is called "fast food" for a reason, right? Apparently not here.Ok, food obtained. I get home, get settled, and go to open the mini chicken quesadilla. WHAT THE HELL IS THIS? First of all, the cheese is so melted that I can barely unrwrap the aluminum foil. Once I do get it open...my stomach lurched. The pile of BURNED, gooey, mess that is in the foil is absolutely disgusting. I can't believe that anyone thought it was a good idea to pass this off as food and serve it to anyone. I took (and posted) a picture, but it went straight into the garbage.The chalupa was luckily in good shape, and the only reason this wouldn't get a ZERO star review. (other than the fact that we can't award zero stars here).  Obviously, I won't be returning.
