1	I had a friend who worked here so I use to get my hair done with her. After she left I have tried going back a few times but I always have a bad experience. The last time I had a pink streak put in my hair and I was told it would cost $20. At the end she charged me $80. It was ridiculous and I'm never going back again.
5	I have been to many salons in my life and i have never been more impressed than when i went to Hair-Do! Not only is it a beautiful salon, the girls that work there are true professionals. The atmosphere is fun and friendly. I got my hair cut and colored by Jenny and she did an amazing job! You know your hair looks great when you still get compliments 2 months later! ! Her prices are very affordable too. I will definitely be returning!!
4	So far so good, always a great haircut. I love the attention!! Its a great polace and the scenery is SPECTACULAR
4	This is a really cute little salon in the Dana Park area (I think that is what it's called).  They have a lot of fun product and the place is clean and tidy.
1	I would not go here!!! I was referred by a friend and lets just say the cut/color i received here from supposedly one of their best "stylist" was so bad. The color was supposed to be blonde but ended up being a muted yellow and the cut I cried about. The work here is below par!
5	We love Cami!
5	I followed my stylist, Jennifer Ray, to this salon and am very pleased with her and the salon itself. Jennifer is a sweetheart and really has some serious hair cutting and styling skills. I assure you that if you visit her that you will be very pleased with the results.I do not feel out of place in this salon, everyone is nice and friendly and it is clean and stylish.
5	What a cute place! I have been going here for about a year when my stylist switched salons and started working here. The place is decorated nice and has a fun energy! I just went for a cut this weekend and as soon as I walked in, thought I might be in the wrong place! They extended it out so it is much bigger and looks fantastic! I am always greeted right away and asked who I am there to see, and they let my stylist know that I am there. It's a great little spot and I of course highly recommend my stylist Sara H.
5	I go to Jennifer every time I get me hair done. She is the first person I have ever found that cares! I have naturally curly hair so I've never been great at styling it straight and she took the time to teach me. Now there isn't a day that goes by that I don't get a compliment on my hair!!! As an added bonus they expanded their salon and I love it!!!
5	I have been to tons of salons to get get 2.5 years of black out. and 4 months of mess. I dyed my hair red after a stylist from another salon told me too once her color faded and then to come back so she could try to strip it again. i never went back because it cost me almost 200$.... and for nothing besides black and red patches. any way i was tired of red and wanted my natural which is dirty blonde light dishwater brown. and so i tried dying it brown, my hair was black brown and red... well i called hair do  and booked an appointment with  charlie cutter ( AMAZING) , Voila  my hair is one color. and SOOO MUCH lighter. She is absolutely amazing, i recommend her to any one with color correction. All the girls are super nice and there is a vibe in there unlike ANY other salon. You know when you walk in everyone there loves there job. and it made it enjoyable for me and it was way affordable for what they did for me. hands down best salon ever !
1	Horrible, horrible experience. Never again.
5	This is my zen spot. Love coming here and just spacing out into my own little calgon moment. Kim D. And Miranda do fantastic job. Environment and staff are all great and helpful. Definitely a quality hair/salon experience
5	Honestly best service I've ever had and my hair looks Amazing  found my new favorite salon !!
5	Today I came in to see Audrey, to put in some extensions I already had. Even though to our surprise it looked as if I might not have had enough extensions, she worked with what I had and made everything flow perfectly! No gaps and it looks so natural the way she took the time to blend it. She's so good at what she does & is the sweetest girl! I will be back for sure! Very pleased
5	This salon has been great. Charlie was excellent is helping arrange bridal hair for me and up-dos for all of my girls and my mother. She planned ahead, contacted all of my girls to get their style preferences, and was able to give me an invoice ahead of time so I would know exactly what I would be paying for. Charlie and Matracia traveled out to Florence for my big day, were punctual and did great work. I would recommend them for bridal styling, as well as your everyday styling needs!
5	I've been to Rolf's, The Edge Salon, multiple Toni & Guy locations, White Lotus Salon, and several other pricey salons in the East Valley in an attempt to "find my girl." After many years of searching, I have found everything I have wanted in a hairstylist in one wonderful package at Hair Do Salon: Charlie. The last haircut I received was by the owner of a pricey salon in Gilbert who left my hair an uneven mess. Ironically, I went with the owner assuming that after "15 years of experience" he would know what he was doing.Charlie, being the "Hair Surgeon" that she is, worked patiently with my hair to reverse the damage of a bad coloring job and an uneven haircut, and I have to say, that the result was THE BEST haircut/hair-color I have ever had. Which is HUGE for me to say as I am extremely particular at not only the haircut itself, but the level of customer service, the quality of the hair products used, and the method of coloring.What I love about Charlie is that she takes her time to focus on each individual task. She's not like most stylists who babble away while waving a pair of shears in one hand and a spray bottle in the other. Charlie let me know up front that she wasn't much of a talker because of her need to concentrate on the job at hand, and that statement alone proved to me how much she cares about the quality of her work.She didn't rush through the coloring process; she patiently explained the state of my hair and how we could reverse the damage without compromising the health of the hair. The result is a beautiful, rich, multi-tonal bayalage paired with a V-shaped haircut. My hair looks and FEELS better than it has in years. I no longer have to spray half a bottle of detangler in order to brush my hair. I no longer have to douse my hair in conditioner to get it to a state of just okay. My hair is soft, shiny, EVEN, and rich in color. Charlie is an amazing colorist and hairstylist who I would highly, highly recommend. Though part of me wants to keep her my little secret as I don't want to her to be completely booked up when I need her.If I ever become a famous celebrity, I will pay any price to have Charlie fly half-way around the world to wherever I might be (in my dreams!)
