4	After reading a review in one of the local papers I decided to check out this gelatoria. Located at the corner of Brown and Highley next to the Broadway Palm Dinner Theater. The owners are husband and wife (he's 100% Italian and she's American). They recently opened and being familiar with the Gelato Spot as well as Arlecchino in Arcadia this one does measure up. I can only hope it becomes more familiar with the locals as the quality of the ice cream was excellent but with new places that don't get a big buzz it wasn't exactly packed. If you live in the area I'd recommend stopping by after a dinner or with the family.
5	Simply put, their Gelato is amazing!  I am a big fan of Gelato for two reasons:  it tastes good, and they have a lot of dairy-free options, not just "rainbow sherbet".  Their dairy-free flavors are so creamy and smooth you would swear they have dairy in them.  Of course an epic win for me is they are located in the East Valley at Brown / Higley Rd.  The place is family owned / run by very nice people and they tend to stay open late.  The couple actually studied Gelato making in Italy and their flavors and textures show it.  I have had a lot of Gelato and IMO this place has the best!
5	What I like most about this place is they're constantly rotating out their Gelato, make it themselves each week, and have really interesting flavors that you don't see most places.There was some sort of gelato made with a type of wine or alcohol, gosh I sound silly because I don't remember which, but it was so interesting. That flavor wasn't my cup of tea but everything else I've tried has been fantastic! Both the husband and wife owner have been there every time I've come in and are more than willing to let you know what ingredients they use, their processes, etc. Highly recommended!
5	Amazing Gelato in inventive flavors. If only the owners were less annoying and intrusive...(Just kidding Marty! Please don't send your Guido husband after me with a bat again!) Favorite flavors: Tamarind, Pistachio, Lulo-Naranjilla, Vanilla Bean.
5	My husband and I love this place!  We take all of our friends there as well who love it too.  Their gelato is excellent and made fresh.  They rotate their flavors weekly.  They often have unusual flavors like popcorn, chocolate habanero, and zuppa inglese.  Our favorites are some of the regulars like orange ginger, black cherry (made with black cherries from Italy), chocomint, lemon, peach, and pistachio.  The husband and wife owners are wonderful people who often go back to Italy for refresher courses and to bring back Italian ingredients.  They also have made to order gelato cakes which are very good as well as real hot chocolate which is very thick and dark and yummy.
5	Our families favorite place for dessert!  I have been coming to Dolce Vita for 1+ years and every time we walk out of there smiling (and full)!  The flavors are always new and inventive and the rotate them frequently.  The offer 20+ flavors and each and every one is amazing.  They make some of the smoothest gelatos I have ever tried.  Cant wait to try one of their custom cakes!
5	Let me start by saying: I will drive from North Scottsdale to get Gelato here.Yes, it really is THAT good! They have a Chocolate Brandy Cherry flavor that is the most divine thing I have ever had chance to eat! It's rich, but not so sweet that I couldn't easily finish my large in one sitting. If I were to live closer to this place, I would stop by almost daily. The Lemon flavor is luscious, a bit tangy with just enough sweetness. The Cherry is certainly for cherry lovers. Chunks of cherry make it scrumptious!
5	Just had to add that we picked up a tray of their Tiramisu.....holy. cow.  Pure heaven.  Honestly, we ended up licking the tray....
5	I had passed by this tiny yet well placed little shop many times in the past but had never had the time to drop in until last night. It has been so long since a place met all my requirments then blew them out of the water. Seriously this is one of the best places to grab a cool and delicious treat. With flavors like banana chocolate and Tiramisu how can you go wrong? For those who have never had really good ice cream this is your new must try place. Gelato is Italian ice cream that is creamer and richer tasting than normal ice cream. It has less butter fat, and normally has less sugar content as well. Just two more reasons to order a large right? LOL Unlike American style ice cream true artisan gelato holds its peak flavor and texture (from delicate ice crystals) for only days, even when it is stored carefully at the proper temperature. This is why gelaterias typically make their own gelato on the premises or nearby.Also this results in products that are fresher and better tasting than ice cream that may be in the case for several weeks. So if you are ready to try fresh, homemade goodness that comes from people who care not only about the product they put out but what their customers want then run to this place tonight!!! Seriously don't wait as they change flavors often and you may miss out on the flavor of your dreams.Popular flavors: Chocolate, lemon, coconut, cherry, vanilla bean, zuppa inglese (based of a popular desert made of sponge cake), and peach just to name a few.
5	I discovered Gelato Dolce Vita a year ago, and was immediately hooked! The owners, Walter and Marti, are super friendly and they travel to Italy often to receive the latest training in making delectable sweets! Their education and dedication shows--Gelato Dolce Vita, without a doubt, offers the best gelato that I have ever had outside of Italy!In the hot AZ summer, there is nothing better than the refreshing dairy-free fruit flavors like Limoncello, Orange w/ Grand Marnier, and Pink Grapefruit.  They even often create fun blends like Pineapple Rose and Chili Cantaloupe! The flavors are spot-on--you'll wonder how they do it! Their dairy gelato flavors are amazing year-round, as well! My personal favorites are Baccio, Amaretto  and White Chocolate Meringue. I like to mix 2 flavors in their small, to-go cup--gelato has significantly less fat than ice cream, so I barely feel guilty! ;-) We take everyone who comes to visit us to Gelato Dolce Vita, and all have been super impressed thus far! Try it, you'll like it!
5	This is by FAR the best Gelato in Arizona and possibly that I have ever had.  We drive from Mesa to Glendale for our favorite German restaurant but are lucky enough to live within a few blocks of Dolce Vita.  They have such unique flavors that keep you coming back to see what's new, like, Gorgonzola Walnut and Whiskey, but the staples are worth the drive from anywhere in the valley.
5	I love deserts.  In one of their visits to Gilbert my Tucson relatives took us to this place and we LOVED it!The owner is from Sicily, trained in Italy in gelato/pastries.  The ambiance is warm and cozy and even though I am not too fond of the area where it is located I have gone there for Gelato and Tiramisu (my hubby's favorite) for two weekends in a row now.Even more exciting is that they opened their second location in the San Tan mall next to NYPD.  A must try if you are into authentic Italian pastries (canoli, Pana Cotta, Tiramisu...) and of course GELATO :)
5	Gelato Dolce Vita has the best gelato in Arizona.  I've been to Italy & this gelato is as good as what you will find in Rome, Florence, or Venice.  A lot of flavors to choose from!!!  Home made & well prepared.  Good, friendly atmosphere.
4	Yum!! Creamy deliciousness is the best way to describe this gelato. I am definitely coming back for seconds.
5	We are blessed to live within walking distance of Gelato Dolce Vita. They do have some great gelato selections, and the owners are very warm and friendly people.One of the hidden secrets of this place is that (being from Italy) they make amazing Cappuccino and Espresso (far better and less pricey than a certain well known chain) and getting your caffeine fix there is a great way to support local home grown businesses.
5	It's as good as they say.  I haven't had a bad flavor at this place and the real-Italian owners are super nice and helpful.  Last night I had the Chocolate-Orange flavor which took me back to those Christmas memories without the waxy buildup.  Love it!
5	I wanted to try this place for quite some time and finally did.  I love ice cream, but after trying this gelato, I think I love gelato even more.  I tried the salted caramel which was delicious!  Thick and creamy, not too sweet, yet just enough flavor.  Gelato Dolce Vita is very close to my house which means I will be back for more.  Much more!
5	Um. This place is awesome! I've seen all the great reviews and have been meaning to make my way over to Gelato Dolce Vita.  Well, the reviews are justified.  I am just an average fan of ice cream/ frozen yogurt/ gelato but I already want to go back to this place.  There are a lot of different flavors available - I had the biscotti and it was money!  The gelato is a step above your normal frozen treat.   Do yourself a favor and try this place.
5	BEST.GELATO.EVER.  The bad news:  they have ruined every other gelato place for us. The gelato is creamy and a perfect texture. The flavors are absolutely perfect. I mentioned my disappointment one time about them being out of my favorite (mango) and Mrs Dolce Vita told me that they had been to 3 stores trying to find good mangoes but were unable to. I had noticed the same thing when I was grocery shopping earlier that day. I love that they are so choosy about their ingredients! Service is wonderful, and we're always greeted with a smile. The owners wait patiently while we try to choose from their wide range of flavors.
5	This place serves true Italian gelato, exactly how you experience it in Italy. None of this American served "gelato" here! The owners are classically trained in Italy (the husband is actually Italian as well) and they return often for continuing education.I highly recommend the salted caramel with a little dark chocolate on the side! It's my favorite indulgence!
5	Really it is worth every star. I lived in Italy and have searched for Gelato since coming home. My search is over, they have the secret to making the best!  From classic flavors like lemon to the rare like Gorgonzola pear you will not be disappointed!  This place is awesome.
5	We got the "fruits of the forest" and pineapple gelato. Holy.. it was like I was eating a smoothie with a spoon! So delicious, light, and I loved the chunks of fruit. If this place were closer, it would be my summer dessert spot!
5	Enjoyed my first ever affogato here and whoa-glad I was sitting down for this because it was weak-in-the-knees delicious. Was visiting friends in Mesa and am willing to make myself a regular houseguest at the risk of friendship so I can come back here again and again. I don't know anything about gelato- I know it's like ice cream (blasphemy to connoisseurs, I know) and it's delicious. That's all I need to know. I got the salted caramel, affogato-style and everything about it was perfect. I'm all about simplicity. Affogato is simple-gelato and espresso, but I imagine there are so many ways to get it wrong. The espresso balanced the gelato so wonderfully and was mild but had a nice kick to it (which I'm convinced is the only thing that kept me going for the 5 hour drive home back to Vegas). My favorite part was the whipped cream-it was REAL. Not out of the can or tub-they made it from scratch and it tasted it like it.The owner is a pleasant man who my friend confirmed "110% Italian" which means his gelato is legit. He gave us samples and was just genuinely a nice guy. Again, I don't know anything about gelato, but I will hold all other gelato to this standard!
5	Pretty amazing gelato ... best espresso affogato ever. Can't wait to try the cannoli!
5	Best ever!
4	I went here tonight with the BF as we had a groupon. We ordered soo much dessert for 10$! We got espresso and creme brulee gelato which was excellent! They had a lot of flavor and was creamy and delicious. We shared a latte which came in a real glass (a clear glass glass) and was beautiful. It had a few cookies on the side and came on a cute little plate. The only thing that we weren't huge fans of was the tiramisu. I was especially excited for it, but wasn't a huge fan. Overall, the service was friendly and the gelato and coffee was good, so it deserves 4 stars.
5	This is the best Gelato you will find in our little landlocked state. It is the real thing and really good!
5	I literally have far too much to say about this place, it is the best Italian experience in Mesa. From world-class gelato to my all time favorite canoli, they have the best frozen treats in the valley and the most authentic Italian desserts like tiramisu that even Snooki's grandma wishes she could make.The main guy, Walter, is from Italy--born and raised--and is a pleasure to talk to. He is hotly proud of his heritage and culinary prowess, believe you me, he knows he makes some bomb gelato. This may be the only place besides Pizzeria Bianco in Central Phoenix and Ruth's Chris where I've never had a bad experience a single time that I've been there. Every flavor of gelato that I have ever ordered has been exquisite, and every dessert that has passed my lips has been stellar. This may just be my favorite place in Mesa, Arizona.If you want to cool down in our famous desert heat, then step into the "Sweet Life" and a little piece of Italy at Gelato Dolce Vita.
5	It is very good!   Never disappointed me yet
4	so there's this guy who is hanging out at the store when i walk in. he didn't have any gelato and i figured he was the employees boyfriend or something.anyway, every sample i tried...this guy would chime in. :)"good choice, Walter really hates making the peanut butter one. he just doesn't think it's that great. i told him it's an american thing.""oh ya, that one is a favorite. You know...Walter imports everything and he is actually one of the only people in america to have this certification to have certain things shipped"quite the knowledgeable character! i purchased the yelp deal so i bought the small to-go container. i got half peanut de sil and half african dark chocolate. both were good, i can't pick a favorite. the chocolate is some of the best chocolate i've had. and the peanut de sil had little chunks of peanut in it. scrumptious and entertaining visit!
5	This has to be the best gelato ever! The owner is italian and they actually went back there to learn how to make it. After we first went I think we drove back like ten times in two weeks.
5	Inbetween the time I ordered my gelato to the time I licked the bowl clean, not one word was exchanged between my friend and I. My mind wasn't thinking about anything other than the fact that " WOW - this is the best gelato I have ever had and I've had gelato in Italy and France! We are blessed to have such a gem in Arizona! More people need to find out about this place. I live about 20 minutes away but it is WELL worth the drive.. even for a small bowl. If I could I would give this place 100 stars!
5	We absolutely love this place.  My favorite flavor is Ferrero and my husband loves the peanut butter.  In the winter, we enjoy their thick, rich hot chocolate with fresh, REAL whipped cream on top.  It doesn't get any better than this!  The owners have always been super nice to us and we're treated like family when we visit.
5	Enjoyed our first visit and return again, and again, and again!  Great quality.Larry & Judy
5	We, my 6 year old son, Alexander and I go to this Gelato shop once a week now that we bought some yelp coupons for this business.  The gelato here is all about high quality ingredients so the final product is always superb.  They also have good canolis and tiramisus. The service is friendly and atmosphere down to earth and comfortable.  They also have an italian restaurant under construction next door to the gelato shop in Mesa.  I was told that it will be opening sometime in April of 2012.  We are definitely looking forward to trying it out!!
5	This place is great!  They have a great variety of gelato, and they give you a good amount.  Plus, they make beautiful cakes.  I plan on ordering one sometime -- just need to find the perfect occasion.  Everything here is lovely!
5	It's a fabulous treat! The owner is helpful and generous with the free samples...don't be afraid to taste until you find just the right one. You will be glad you did:)
5	Best Gelato in AZ! Hands down. And this place is a gem, located so close to home. Just down Higley, in a plaza that doesn't look too hoppin'. You would never think this place could be THAT amazing. I mean the guy that works there makes the gelato and he has such great flavors. Dont go in there expecting Gelato Spot or some major company with 20+ flavors or a ton of variety. They have about 8 flavors. But boy are those flavors good, they even had a mulberry flavor that was probably the best gelato I have ever had. The hazelnut is also great as well. The owner is not only friendly, but the atmosphere there is great. It feels friendly and like home. They don't rush your order, and are helpful in making decisions (which sometimes is a challenge for me)
5	AHmazing! Absolutely love this place :) and they are so sweet and friendly here!! Salty caramel is my favorite!
5	Friendly staff with many levels of authenticity. The gelato and sorbet we both very creamy and rich. After sitting at one of the dining tables I fell into a trance that forced me to moon over all the fun and interesting Italian ingredients.I got the cheese sampler or Framaggio, super fun and tasty.
5	Delicious gelato in a quaint hole in the wall place.
5	Yummmmmmmmyyyyy. Best gelato since the little gelato stand by the Ponte Vecchio in Florence, Italy. Really, it's that good. Give me a spoon and a cup of Amaretto gelato and I'll die happy.
5	Salted caramel is my favorite, however, all the gelato in this place is extra delicious.I have been in many gelato places, Dolce Vita is the best!!
2	Was a hot day and thought I would love some Gelato. I tried three fruit flavors because I thought it would be refreshing and I could not even eat them.  There was some thing about them i did not like. My girlfriend tried the pistachio and that one was good. maybe I just ordered the wrong flavors.
5	Took my mom there on a Monday night using a $10 for $5 Yelp deal. We were each able to sample a few flavors and all of them were great. I sampled the Oreo, Chocolate Caramel Banana, and Nutella, but I settled on the Nutella with some Pineapple. Both were delicious! My mom got Tiramisu and Pineapple, out of everything I tried the Tiramisu was the best, YUM! The customer service was great, when I went to pay he said not to worry, eat first then pay. Although other reviews say different, he did have about 20 flavors like Mascarpone, Pistachio and Stracciatella, which is like chocolate chip, that I would love to go back and try. The only downfall this little gelato shop has is the price for the amount you get, but I would definitely go back despite the value, the authenticity is worth it!
5	One of the true gems of the East Valley. Walter is a true character, and is very passionate about good food. I told him his food was amazing and he said "No, Not amazing. Normal! People are just used to bad food." Seriously, just eat whatever he suggests. They have the real deal meats and cheeses. Guanciale, Bresaola, Finochiata, Gorgonzole Dolce, Pecorino Tuscano, Borchetto al Tartuffo! The list goes on and on. Here's a full review of one of my visits: http://forkvsfood.com/?p=126
5	This place is amazing.  The owner is super friendly and schooled in Italy and the gelato comes in so many amazing favors I always waffle on what to get.  I personally recommend Tiramisu Gelato served affogato- in a cup with a shot or two of espresso.
5	Wonderful! Ill be coming back soon! Salted caramel is addicting, be warned!
5	Went here last night for about the 5th time.  Went with my fiance and her family.  I always get the south african dark chocolate and love it each and every time.  The other flavors, like rootbeer float and guiness beer, that i tried actually taste exactly like what they are called - its kinda crazy.  The best thing about this place? the price - about $1-$2 less per item  than the much worse Gelato Spot.  The worst thing about this place? They have a sign saying to limit samples to two per person; be wise in your sample selections.
5	Gelato Dolce Vita has some great gelato flavors I love gelato almost as much as I like having $$$.With that I had a large combo of Amaretto and African chocolate . It was like( Blue Heaven. A place on earth).My wife had a medium  African chocolate and Espresso gelato. The owner is very friendly. We will be running to Gelato Dolce Vita when ever we are in town.So should you.
1	Not real Italian gelato ! Too bad! Without tasty! They sell many products made in Canada or different places but not from Italy !!! Really really bad!!
4	So delicious! This is authentic Italian gelato! Stop by Alessia's while you're over there!
5	Love this place.  Will definitely return.
5	Great Gelato. Coffee is first class too.
5	Excellent Gelato as always.  Gracie Walter!!
5	My boyfriend and I decided to take his son out for gelato yesterday, and after seeing the reviews on this place, we decided to try it. I purchased the fantastic deal available and off we went. Once we arrived, the person we dealt with was super personable and very helpful; she let us try all the flavors we wanted to make sure we would get the one we liked. After trying the African Dark Chocolate, I knew I'd found my new love. It was absolutely delicious! My boyfriend and his son are also huge fans. We will definitely be back! If you haven't checked this place out yet, you should definitely fix that. :)
5	My wife and I have been to Italy twice, had gelato many times and the product at Dolce Vita is every bit as good, if not better, than what we had there.  I'm glad to see that they are having good business and I hope they continue.  Nice people, nice location, great gelato and a whole lot closer than Italy.
5	Great quality and very authentic Gelato! I had espresso and nutella flavors!
5	Best Gelato!!! Love this little place.
5	What this place does, they do very well! Perhaps I should say he does well. I've been in a few times and each time it's a friendly Italian man. The place is authentic. Like a little piece of Italy. The espresso has a bold and smooth flavor and in just a few ounces - like an espresso in much of Europe. The Gelato is the big feature though. It is so creamy and smooth. It has become my go to cold refreshment.
5	The dark chocolate gelato is amazing! We love going here!
5	Who knew we had this hidden little Italian gem out here in the East Valley! Went here on a whim because I saw the Yelp deal, but it would've been worth paying full price for the taste and quality for such lusciously creamy gelato. I love chocolate, but I'm picky and can't stand when there's an artificial/chemical aftertaste. I was not disappointed- the dark chocolate was deep, rich and satisfying. They also let us get half and half flavors which many other places won't do.  Bonus- they have a little Italian store/deli with imported meats and cheese. Can't wait to try out both sides- will definitely be back.
5	Wow.  I had a double scoop in a dish with a scoop of coconut and a scoop of carrot.  Sounds odd I know, but it was great.  Don't knock it until you try it.  This is some of the best Ice cream (gelato) in the valley.  I don't just give 5 stares to every place I visit.
4	Awesome flavors and creations but I bit expensive.
4	Customer service is always a key factor when determining the quality of a business, and this place passes with flying colors in my book. They have a very good variety of gelato, though I thought it was missing something that would have made it phenomenally great tasting. They also have a great selection of meats, cheese, pasta, etc to take home for some quality home cooking.
5	This is the most amazing gelato we have ever had! The customer service was warm and welcoming and the flavors are out of this world! Enjoy some delicious gelato and then wander over to the Italian grocery store for some imported meats, cheese, and pasta.
5	Love this place!  We started going after buying a Groupon and have been hooked ever since!  The salted caramel is delicious and you have to show up early to get it, after 8:00 or so it's usually gone!  The owner and employees are all very nice!  Check out the deli next door too!
5	The gelato here is superb, I could eat it every day.  Attached is a little italian deli and they sell market items like pasta, sauces, olive oil, etc. all from Italy.  Very friendly staff and creative flavors of homemade gelato.  Check them out!
4	Great Gelato with plenty of flavors, try the hazel nut.
5	Straciatella is bomb. S African dark chocolate is bomb too. My kids loves it. Our firstTime here ..
5	A wonderful place to end your Italian pilgrimage from Alessia's next door. Stop in for authentic gelato and a cappuccino and enjoy a little bit of Italy here in Mesa. You can sample the gelato and learn a little Italian while you converse with the wonderful people behind the counters. Take a step over to the grocery store and enjoy all the various Italian products they offer. I can't wait to go back.
5	Omg! Delicious gelato! I got strawberry, my dad got mango, my mom got Bacio (dark chocolate a/ hazelnuts) and my girls got Nutella! *drools* my daughters finished it all and the cute little cups they come in was like a little souvenir for them! The strawberry gelato tasted so freSh and the mango one my dad got tasted like pure mango, no add ins. Will definitely have to come back here and try the other flavors, a small sized cup which was $2.89 was a big enough serving for me, but if you wanna indulge with more they have take home sizes as well! Connected to a small Italian grocery store and restaurant makes you feel like your in little Italy! :-) a must try spot!
5	Great service super friendly workers!! Lots and lots of flavors and the taste is FANTASTIC!! Definitely taking the family on a regular basis!!
5	Yummie
5	I can't believe I hadn't reviewed this place before. I'm shocked and disappointed in myself. Gelato Dolce Vita has been a favorite of mine since long ago (okay, like five or six years). I lived in Queen Creek and whenever I went to Mesa to visit my friends, we would inevitably end up here. Every flavor is amazing and the owners are super friendly. It really is the best gelato I've tasted outside of Italy. And, you know, even some places in Italy didn't quite measure up. Maybe I'm biased. Who knows.Just trust me. Check this place out. That's my advice. The end.
5	Best gelato in the valley! I typically order pistachio and blood orange (I know I'm weird) so good. I end up having to order another one for the road. Excellent staff and they have a little Italian place in the same building. If you've never had gelato before this is the place to go,  but be warned you will be addicted. The staff will let you taste stuff and explain good flavor combinations.
5	Best Gelato I have ever had. Great service, amazing owners, and fantastic flavors! Make sure to try the Pistachio and Amaretto! :)
5	This is the best gelato outside Italy, which I have been too. The guy is from northern Italy, Walter and it an awesome dude with killer ice cream. Go. Go now. You will be happier if you do.
5	Yum is all i have to say. This place was awesome and the people were super friendly. Also they have a groupon for like 5 for 10$ which made it even better
5	Oh so good! FRESH gelato with great flavor options (even for my dairy-free companion). I would rather eat here than the yogurt shop around the corner from me.
5	My husband and I have been coming here since they opened as we live in the neighborhood, and so glad that we have a "go to" place for dessert and for Italian food because everything we've ever had there has been delicious.  There's a lot of places out there who say they serve gelato, but it really is just ice cream.  This place serves authentic gelato and you won't be disappointed.  I love that it's a mom-and-pop shop!
5	Love going to this place. Its a great spot to get some tasty sweets.  Anytime I'm in the area, I try to take a few minutes to take a break and get a snack
5	I can't seem to find an entry for the deli side and it needs to be stated that it is fantastic! We ordered the cured meat platter, bruschetta with zucchini and the special lobster ravioli. I have never had bread so delicious or types of cured meats so savory.  The lobster pieces in the ravioli were huge and REAL. The pasta seemed a touch too dente but definitely didn't take away from the dinner. After the great meal, we sidled next door to try the gelato since it seemed to be a popular spot. Wowzers, we now know why, it was so good. This will be our new local spot for real Italian made in house.
5	Just moved to the area and found this spot on yelp. Awesome to see a real Italian store and the gelato was amazing, rich, and authentic! !
5	If you are in the mood for rich and creamy gelato this is the place to go! They have a wide array of flavors to choose from everything from fruity to chocolate to sweet and salty.  I would recommend going for a smaller size than what you're in the mood for because it's super rich.  I've tried the cheesecake,  salted carmel and the African dark chocolate, all were very good! They offer bowls and cones as well.While you're there be sure to check out the deli next door. Their salami is so good and they have lots of specialty Italian items too. They also have a small eating area, not sure about the menu but I'm sure it's good food. Bottom line: check this place out for a little gelato and some authentic Italian meats and cheeses. You won't be disappointed at all! ;)
5	I have lived in Europe and had gelato there. Let me just say, I have NEVER had more amazing gelato than here! The flavors are so perfect. I tried the banana tonight and it was like eating an actual banana. So glad we live down the road. This is my new favorite place in Mesa.
5	Nice people, lots of different flavors, reasonable prices and oh soooooo good will be going back as often as possible.
5	I love this Gelato Restaurant. You have to try the Coconut. Every time I try a different flavor it is good but I always go back to the Coconut. Give it a try, you won't regret it.
5	It was great! We ordered the gelato and took home some dried salami from Italy and cheese. The bread was frozen and we just took some home and made the best sandwiches!! Great service and loved the selection of meats that they have flown in from Italy! Going back soon
5	Came here with a couple of friends for lunch ($7) and gelato ($2-3). I can't remember the name of my panini but it had smoked prosciutto (Speck), arugula, and romano. The four sandwiches arrived in about 10 minuted. Everything was amazing and we all enjoyed our sandwiches! It was truly one of the best sandwiches I've ever eaten. Every ingredient was authentic and fresh. My friends ordered the parma, pescator (or something like that), and the mozz, basil, and tomato sandwich and all enjoyed it. After, we all got gelato. I got half cappuccino, and 1/2 salted caramel, and like other reviewers have mentioned, the salted caramel was amazing even though I'm not typically a salted caramel fan. I definitely recommend this place and to be honest, I actually enjoyed the panini more than the gelato so don't go just for the gelato! As for the service and other ambiance, everything was spot on. The two owners were very nice and the prices weren't too steep! Definitely recommend this place to anyone!
5	We absolutely love this place! We make it a point to visit here every date night because the gelato is so delicious and the staff is so friendly. Don't let the fact it is a small shop in a strip mall turn you off, once you go in and taste the gelato you will not regret having visited this place. This is a business I hope stays for a long time in Mesa.  One of my absolute favorite places to go when I want something sweet.
5	OMG sooo good! I want more! So many amazing flavors. I have not been a fan of gelato until now! I will defiantly be back to this lower calorie option to feed an ice cream craving!
5	Amazing! Rich, creamy, and so many fun flavors! The girl at the counter was very patient with our group of three as each of us tested multiple flavors. The small attached Italian grocery was cute, but pricey.
5	I don't think I've EVER tasted something so delicious in my life!  I've tried African Dark Chocolate, lemongrass, violet, blood orange, grapefruit, limoncello, key lime, vanilla, strachiatella....Every single one is heaven.  I can't even being to explain how amazing.  I've been to other places like the Gelato Spot and there is no comparison.  Try everything!
5	As good as it gets.  Had my fair share of Gelato, including in Italy and this place is the best and the owners are awesome.
5	I don't claim to be an expert on gelato, but I do know that this place is fantastic.They always have 18 to 24 flavors...a great variety. Tonight I had "The Fruits of the Forest" and "Limoncello".; they were both light and refreshing. My son had "South African Dark Chocolate", "Salted Caramel" and Stracciatella".  The salted caramel was his favorite; all three flavors got two thumbs up!The service is always very friendly and helpful. They have several tables inside and a couple outside.It's nice that they are open late, too!
5	Just like the gelato I got when I lived in Italy for a couple years.  I love this place and the chance to speak Italian when I go in to visit.  The proprietors are Italian and awesome.
5	The gelato is homemade, one-of-a-kind, beautiful, sheer perfection and made by an Italian, master gelatiere. An amazing variety of flavors. The food is beautiful too and they have imported cheese, sausages, biscotti, etc.
5	All these five star reviews are RIGHT. This gelato is as good as any in Italy. We'll be back again and again!
5	My absolutely favorite place for homemade gelato! There's a small deli and grocer as we'll with Italian specialties. Even a whole gluten free section! The gelato is coded with common allergens and there is some flavors for anyone with almost any allergy. And since the Italian man who makes it is usually there, he can tell you exactly what is in any flavor.
5	If you've never gone here before, get here fast! This is my absolute favorite gelato place so I'm so happy that it's close to my dad's house. We go here almost every time I'm over. Their gelato is absolutely astounding, as is there coffee and canolis. Not to mention the attached Dolce Vita Grocer. Definitely visit there when you go for gelato!I love this place because the gelato is amazing. Rich and flavorful. The people are so kind, too. They are some of the nicest people I've ever met. The owner is from Italy and speaks Italian. I mean, how much more authentic could it get? Anyways, you've definitely got to go try this place out. Like, now.
4	Yumm!!! Although it is located in what seems like an empty plaza, this is definitely a must try!What I Ordered- Butter Pecan- AmarettoBoth of the flavors were delicious! It might be a little too sweet for some people but it didn't bother me. I have a major sweet tooth!! :)Only complaint I have is that they limit you to only 4 samples per person. I really dislike the fact that past customers who sample and don't buy anything ruined it for others. :( I'm indecisive and I like to know my options before I settle!
4	I totally love this place. Lots of yummy flavors but it's hard for me to stray from my absolute fav..Bacio! Not sure what the horrendous smell is when you first walk in but it smells like something died. Get some Febreeze up in there or something. My husband won't go anymore because if it. I still come back because the gelato is soooo good. :)
5	Saw a yelp deal, so decided to give it a try while visiting a friend. SO good! We tried six different flavors, my favorite was the salted caramel, with second being the pineapple and triple berry mixed together. Great customer service, very friendly place. Just wish I lived closer!
5	Fantastic deal. Great gelato and a real down home proprietor. I will be going back at the regular price. We also got some excellent Italian deli. If you are in the Phoenix area be sure and stop in.
5	Best Gelato in town!  Friendliest staff also!
5	Nutella & tiramisu are out of this world!!!Husband got the almond & Nutella! Perfect combo! We got the smallest size & it was way more then enough. Will be back soon!!!
5	Everyone seems to know everyone else. Italian being spoken by more than half the customers. Atmosphere is abundant, but the gelato is awesome. The waffle cones are fresh, and you get plenty for the price. My wife and I will be back often with the family in tow. Maybe we'll pick up a little Italian.
5	We absolutely loved our gelato! I got the strawberry and the Forrest Berry, I believe it was called and both were so fresh and delicious tasting. My husband got the stracetello and liked it even better than Frost's. While eating our gelato we made our way over to the little restraunt/meat and chesse deli and couldn't help but order some cheeses and imported meats. Wow! What a treat and we had great service too. We will definently be back! A must try!
5	My husband and I frequent this gelato shop and love the quality of their gelato in addition to the frequently rotating flavors. I highly recommend giving this locally owned shop a try! Plus with the great $5 for $10 yelp deal you can't go wrong! (that plus 15 cents will get you two larges)
5	Best place on this side of town for gelato.  It's a real Italian store that sells more than gelato.  I have only been here for the gelato but i have seen pastas and some deli meats and breads on the other side.  I would definitely recommend this place.  The selection is great and you can ask for a couple samples if you're not sure of what you want.  Also look for the deal here on yelp, $5 for $10.
5	Awesome gelato.  Best in the East Valley.  The grocery part of the store has Italian items that cannot be found anywhere else.  Great deli too.  We sampled the gnocchi tonight.  My boys loved them.  Highly recommend this place for Italian food and gelato.
5	Yummie butternut squash pasta dish & the best gelato & now for holidays they have this torrone that kicks ***. So good!! My favorite place in Mesa!!!
5	This place is amazing. Come to mesa and enjoy the fresh and delicious gelato flavors!!!!
5	The staff was friendly and a little blunt but I loved it! The gelato is delicious and the coffee is good too!
5	This place is delicious! Every flavor tastes exactly like what it is named--not like the artificial flavor we have become acquired to. I love how wonderfully flavors mix together to become new flavors. You can tell that the owner has put a lot of time and pride into perfecting his gelato. Don't settle for ice cream or froyo when you can have amazing gelato right here! The girl behind the counter is super friendly as well and is happy to suggest the perfect combination for you. I can't say enough good things about this place!
