4	Racks on racks on racks! Great venue space with tons of potential. Came here for the Capital Cities show and was blown away with how much space is actually here. Great sound from the stage and ample bars to wet your music loving whistle. The bartenders are a little slow and the drinks are a little pricey, but these things can be remedied, I mean they just opened (it hasn't even been a month). If there's a show happening here and you're semi-interested swing by, if you're not impressed, Downtown LV is a hop skip and jump away.
4	I wish that I could review the Capital Cities concert itself. That was quite something. But I'm going to have to review the venue instead.This event was the first concert of the new Downtown Las Vegas Events Center. Owner Derek Stevens went on stage (twice) to tell the crowd about how he bought an old courthouse, had it torn down, and got the place up and running in about a year's time. The DLV Events Center (that seems to be the official abbreviation) is an entirely outdoor venue that takes up the entire city block bounded by Casino Center Blvd,, Bridger, 3rd St, and Carson (the latter two streets being the intersection of the entrance gate). As such, you can definitely hear and even see concerts from the sidewalk outside the fence.The DLV Events Center is basically a fenced-in parking lot with tents for concessions and a stage, so it's not surprising how quickly it was built. However, that description is definitely a bit of an understatement. They also have an elevated VIP area with seating to the right of the stage, as well as raised circular tables in the back of the general admission area for people to stand around. Creative concertgoers actually lifted and relocated the tables as they pleased tonight, but this probably won't happen at more crowded events.The highlight really is the stage. It doesn't lack for colorful rotating lights, swirling smoke, But the first and most prominent thing that you'll see is the extremely bright screen, perhaps 25 feet diagonally, definitely visible to passers-by, and a very difficult thing to shoot photos of (hint: adjust your camera's metering). You'll see the screen displaying various camera angles of the onstage acts, gratuitous panning shots of the audience members near the stage, the venue's logo during downtime, or even just a band's logo before they come on stage and after rain threatens to ruin the video cameras.Oh yes, it rained during the first night. It rained pretty strongly toward the end of the concert. And it seemed that the stage crew was either prepared to handle it or was able to improvise. They had stuff to cover the band's equipment and towels to help soak up water on the stage. They shut down all the cameras for safety purposes. The sound system didn't fail though. Actually, considering that this was the first concert, I thought that they did a great job. The sound seemed quite clear and balanced, and the volume wasn't deafeningly loud.Crowd, by the way, is a relative term. I'm sure there were hundreds of music fans there, but there's reportedly a 15,000 person capacity. I don't disbelieve that figure seeing how much space there was. Event employees actually walked around to tell general admission wristband wearers that, for the headlining band, they were welcome to walk into the very front area, which would normally be reserved for VIPs (and those VIPs already had the best front and center spots anyway, I'm sure). Definite highlight of the night.One more pleasant surprise came at the end after Capital Cities had finally said good night. As people turned to leave, all of a sudden, perimeter lights and pole lights were flipped on. It was a great convenience for sure, but it will be even more helpful when larger crowds arrive, along with their trash and debris.Overall, I like this place. I think it's a great addition to Downtown Las Vegas. I'll be happy to come back and trust that they'll put on an equally good production the next time. I only worry somewhat about how bad parking might get for the really huge events, but time will surely tell.
1	Attended the Sammy Hagar event 10/18/14ONE HOUR BEER LINES!!! Absolutely unacceptable for Vegas standards. It's run by the owner of the "D" so the "D" must stand for dysfunctional.  It has potential but I have no intentions to ever return. I could have drove home and got a beer out of my fridge before we were served here.
1	Without a Doubt. The most unorganized group I've ever had the displeasure of having to deal with.  From the start, trying to make our purchase of tix.  Getting nowhere with employees with questions about upgrading tickets after receiving emails to do so. No one answers the phone, no one returns calls.  Ask employees/security questions. Get a different answer from everyone we talked to.  VIP section a absolute joke.  Rude guard at entrance.  Ran out of lanyards for VIP section so people who paid were not allowed to enter without the lanyard that they couldn't furnish because they ran out of them but they sure kept the money.   Will be spending our cash elsewhere.  There are actually venues that appreciate their customers. This isn't one of them
1	RE: Sammy Hagars Birthday Bash on 10/18/2014I thought VIP meant Very Important Persons? We Paid $225 a piece (far in advance) for VIP "Lounge" tickets. Still had to wait forever in GA Line....why? We paid extra for supposedly less headache, right? The website had a bunch of promises that werent entirely true. The promised couches? Yeah there were couches... 4 in all,so of course, they were already taken and pulled up to the balcony railing ( taking up the very limited and miniscule viewing space). What about the"VIP Cabana" area that wasnt listed on the website? Nevermind that was just as crappy as the "VIP Lounge" area (Just Rocko & Moose guarding the velvet rope seperating the areas) Our Private bar was a huge disappoiment.. $30 for two nasty beers (only 2 varieties on tap) served in small plastic cups and a half shot oh and lets not forget about the $5 water.. There were only 2 bartenders who must have been hired from the Home Depot parking lot for the event because they were very slow, inept and unfriendly... We did find out later that we could have spent another $100 for two bracelets that would allow us to drink free for the rest of the night...but why when you cant even get the drink you prefer or see the show? The private bathrooms? Give me a break the bathrooms were just closer to our "VIP" area. We couldn't see Sammy the stage or the wide screens, but we could see the volleyball players very clearly. We had the WORST area possible for all the money we spent. The people who spent $85 got seating and a great view of the stage. I wish we would have gone that route it would have been great. As it was..We left. All my Baby got for his 50th Birthday was two VIP lanyards to prove we were there and the view of the back of some guys head. We are very disgusted by the amount of Greed and Extortion that took place and can only hope that Mr.Hagar was unaware and doesn't condone this behavior.
1	I thought VIP meant Very Important Persons? We Paid $225 a piece (far in advance) for VIP "Lounge" tickets. Still had to wait forever in GA Line....why? We paid extra for supposedly less headache, right? The website had a bunch of promises that werent entirely true. The promised couches? Yeah there were couches... 4 in all,so of course, they were already taken and pulled up to the balcony railing ( taking up the very limited and miniscule viewing space).Our Private bar was a huge disappoiment.. $30 for two nasty beers (only 2 varieties on tap) served in small plastic cups and a half shot and 5 water.. There were only 2 bartenders who must have just started bartending because they were very slow and unfriendly.  We did find out later that we could have spent another $100 for two bracelets that would allow us to drink free for the rest of the night.The private bathrooms? Give me a break the bathrooms were just closer to our "VIP" area. We couldn't see Sammy the stage or the wide screens, but we could see the volleyball players very clearly. We had the WORST area possible for all the money we spent. The people who spent $85 got seating and a great view of the stage. I wish we would have gone that route it would have been great. As it was..We left. All my Baby got for his 50th Birthday was two VIP lanyards to prove we were there and the view of the back of some guys head. We are very disgusted by the amount of Greed and Extortion that took place and can only hope that Sammy Hagar was unaware and doesn't condone this behavior.
1	I've been going to shows all over the world since the mid 80's and this venue by far is the worst I've ever been to. 100% pure cluster f*ck!! VIP area was a joke! I feel sorry for the suckers who paid for that. We had a better view from the GA area. The line for drinks was RIDICULOUS!!! We spent a hour in line and were forced to buy two drinks each so we didn't have to come back and wait another hour!! Wtf guys!!?! We saw at least a dozen "volleyball" players( T&A) just standing around. Wtf?!? GO POUR BEER!!!! Who the hell is running this joke of a venue!! It's the guy who owns the "D"ump! This guy is shady as hell. He came out looking like a pimped out Ronald McDonald. The suit fit cause this guy is a clown. I would never return!! Even if I had comp tickets and open bar I would rather drink warm beer with the bums of Fremont. WOULD NEVER RECOMMEND!!!
2	Never again for this venue if this is how they treat upgraded ticket holders. The line was around the block- no VIP entrance- why pay the money??? Endless meandering through gate after gate after gate with no signage or directions to get to the upgraded areas... Everyone was so angry about the beverage lines too...Ridiculous. Wish we had done all our consuming outside and gone dry at the concert. When I finally got to the front of the line, the beer tap was broken... opted for water only to be gouged by $5 for a small water bottle-this venue is charging $32.00 a gallon for bottled tap water- it says so on the bottle- Modesto Municipal water source. What a rip off. Great music from Sammy though. Will catch him in Cabo, hurricane be damned...not here!!!
1	I to went and saw Sammy on 10/18  Like always Sammy rock the house. But the venue was aweful, we upgraded our tickets and paid an extra $100.00 PER TICKET for the vip tickets they were so far from the stage it was ridiculous.   As far as getting drinks what a joke!  Had to stand in line for over 1/2 hour to get a cocktail,  waitress couldn't handle the volume, and they needed alot more bartenders.   Would not recommend this venue at all.  Hope the D hotel didn't treat their guests the same way we were treated at the venue.  Glad I didn't stay at the hotel.  Wish I can get my upgraded money back.
2	We went to the Downtown Las Vegas Events Center to see the Sammy Hagar show last month. The venue is in a great spot downtown that allowed for easy access to restaurants and bars which was great. I was a little skeptical about the sound quality and the comfort (crowd) but the place was actually pretty cool with excellent sound quality. There are also a very ample number of restrooms, which is a big problem at a number of other places. Unfortunately, the bad far outweighs the good with regards to the DLVEC.  We had tickets at will call and once we got to the window it still took about 20 minutes for the staff to find us on their list. I showed them the confirmation email on my phone, but they continued to search their obviously cumbersome and/or antiquated system of finding tickets. I wrote this off as first event bugs that needed to be worked out and we moved on.   The space is cavernous and while there are no seats in the GA area that's fine by me because who sits down at a good show, right? I will say that I'm glad we didn't pay for VIP seating. Most of the VIP area was significantly further away for the stage than we were in GA. The VIP tickets were about 2  1/2 times what we paid and that is hardly worth it just to have a chair.  The drink lines were by far the worst I've ever encountered at an event and that includes lines I've been in at NHL and MLB playoff games in packed stadiums. We were in line for over 1 hour and were basically forced to buy multiple drink as opposed to standing in line again. When we reached to front of the line we saw that there was a single bartender and one bar back at each of the two service areas. Given the price of the drinks they could have had 2 or 3 bartenders on each side and still raked in tens of thousands of dollars. I was nearly force to hit the PBR line which was significantly shorter.   My hope is that the folks that run the Downtown Las Vegas Events Center take a look at some of these reviews and take heed to the advice given. This venue has the potential to be a great place to see a show with a little fine tuning by the management. I'm hoping to be able to do a follow-up in the future that is more positive.
4	I guess my experience here was different because I was here for two not really music events. I was judging the World Food Championships. So, while there wasn't a traditional concert, there was music onstage and I thought it sounded pretty good. I'm a musician and am pretty critical when something doesn't sound good. I came for the Bourbon, Banjos and BBQ event on Friday night. I thought the line moved fairly well, but I did get there early. The ribs from the teams were OFF THE HOOK AMAZEBALLS! I'm a BBQ judge and never thought the two best ribs I've had in my life would be from Canada and England respectively! Wow, they were amazing. Next day I came to judge the BBQ Competition. The smells were SO good and we had some great ribs, pulled pork and brisket.
