4	UNLV Students should rejoice.There's a new late night spot to hang out in that isn't the Lied Library. It's equipped with free wi-fi, plenty of power outlets, and an arsenal caffeinated drinks to keep you jolted.3pm Cafe offers a wide variety of teas ranging from fruit and milk teas, along with an assortment of smoothies and non-caffeinated beverages. You can come here hungry too, since they offer apps and entrees. Most of the menu consists of dishes originating from Taiwan, with some popular Japanese fare like chicken katsu bento boxes and katsu curry. After a brief chat with the staff, they seemed to take most pride in their homemade Taiwanese dishes, so it would probably be best to give those a try.Here's what I tried on my first visit:-Minced Pork Over Rice - A simple, yet very comforting Taiwanese dish.-Iced Coffee Milk Tea w/ Boba - I admit that I'm not much of a boba drinker, but I enjoyed this. It was a refreshing beverage that catered to my coffee addiction.-Popcorn Chicken - I was brought out a sample of this dish. It was a bit salty, but in a satisfying way. It was very tender and flavorful. I wouldn't mind getting this over rice.Walking in, you get some top-notch service, with clarification on menu items if you're unsure of what to get. The staff never hesitated to make sure I was happy with my meal. I even had a sweet little old lady come out to check if I liked the food. Apparently, she was the mind that went behind the delicious recipes on the menu.I could definitely see myself regularly dropping by this spot for a quick lunch or for a much-needed study session.Note: There is a 10% discount with student ID, plus rotating daily specials. Ask the staff for the wi-fi password if you need to bust out the laptop.
4	Finally this place has opened!  A dark little cafe next to the new Pita Pit and Cafe Rio, 3pm Cafe offers boba drinks, teas, smoothies and Taiwanese snacks and entrees.  The tables are unique with corner-shaped chairs.  Wifi is free: the phone number!  There are lots of outlets so you can hang out and study.  The hours are good, early to late and great for the nearby student.I stopped in for lunch today and experienced great service.  I ordered one tea-flavored egg ($1.50, 3 are $3.25), a fried tofu appetizer, and an off-the-menu avocado boba smoothie.  The smoothie came first in a huge mason jar - I ordered the regular but it almost appeared like mine was large!  It is more sweet tasting than avocado tasting, but still good.  Next time I should go for almond milk tea because that is another favorite of mine.The tea flavored egg came next.  I peeled it (I am terrible at hard boiled egg peeling but this was at least cracked for me in the kitchen).  Unraveling the shell bits was an almost tie-dyed egg, a beautiful contrast of brown shades.  It was a bit salty, and the yolk over hard (I am partial to eggs without grey-shrouded yolks) but it was a new experience nonetheless and not bad.Lastly, the tofu appetizer.  Mini fried and marinated tofu squares with salt and pepper sprinkled on top.  Tasty and simple.  With the drink, definitely filling.  The server graciously put my mason jar smoothie into a to go cup.  I will definitely come back again.  There are also daily specials and this week a 10% off discount with RebelCard.
5	A quiet place that you can enjoy your afternoon or night at. Food is good! The customer service was GREAT!  The staff there are very friendly and willing to listen to your opinion on everything. Free wi-fi is definitely a plus! Also, it opens till 1 am!!! great place for studying and hanging out with friends!  I would recommend it to my friends! :D
3	We stopped by for lunch on a Saturday. Nice looking place and friendly staff. A good selection of snacks, entrees and drinks befitting a teahouse. We ordered some milk teas, the minced pork bowl and the beef spaghetti.The milk teas were good. We had the green milk tea and the coffee milk tea. The green milk tea was okay. The coffee milk tea was a bit sweet for my taste.Although not exorbitant, $7 for the minced pork bowl felt a bit too much for what arrived at the table. It tasted fairly good, but it was basically just a bowl of rice with some chopped up pork in it. Suggestion: toss a nominal fried egg on top (provide some furikake or shredded dried pork sung) and I'd be a happy camper. The beef spaghetti felt more worth its price. Definitely tasty.Overall, definitely a nice place to grab a drink and bite, but with plenty of places all around with somewhat similar fare and some with lower prices I'm not sure we'll be back.
1	I went here with a friend today.  It just wasn't worth the price.  The boba was not terrrible or anything special.  I ordered the boba milk tea and my friend ordered the green milk tea.  It came in these cool jars. However, the food was not worth the price.  We each ordered an appetizer.  She ordered popcorn chicken which was $5, and it was only like 15 pieces of chicken.  My chicken wings had a little bit more.  It had four pieces.  I just didn't feel that the food was worth it.  I might try different kinds of drinks later on, though.
3	Hate to be the one that gives a new business a bad review... but I feel its necessary to share my experience.So 3PM cafe is a new Taiwanese tea house furnished heavily by Ikea items with snacks and minimal entrees. Teas are based off either black or green and then flavored accordingly and come in a fairly sized glass jar. Toppings include the usual such as boba and jelly, although at the moment they do not have jelly in stock. Everything is under $10 and you get a 10% discount with your UNLV ID. There is also free wifi, and I believe they're opened until 1AM?Now the bad... The service definitely need works. Walking in my group went up to the registers to place an order, but was told to go to the table  to sit down and get our orders taken, although other people weren't turn down at the counter when ordering. Service was really awkward, and took multiple awkward looks with the wait staff to get our orders placed. Two egg and spam instant noodles($4.95) and a minced pork ($7.25) over rice took about 25 minutes to come out. Had to ask for silverware, kind of hard to eat instant noodles with a soup spoon haha. Food... needs to be revised. The two slices of spam were not even cut straight and the mince pork over rice.. well... was probably 90% rice and 10% minced pork, a bit pricey at $7.25. A third spam and egg instant noodle also came out for my friend who came late and never ordered one. Drinks came out at the same time even though they were ordered 10 minutes apart and came with the thick straws without plastic wrap, would not be a huge issue if it wasn't for two of the workers coughing in their hands, at least cough in your elbow. The guy making the drinks was also drinking the leftover from the drink mixer... I don't mind if you want the leftovers... but at least pour it into a cup? Overall organization is definitely needed for improvement, a POS system, and... sorry to say, but a review on the districts health card movie.**EDIT**BUMPED up from 2 stars to 3 because:I was contacted by someone who works there and they claim to of washed their hands after they coughed and only drink the leftovers to check on the taste, I didn't see, but its best to give them the benefit of the doubt.
2	We went to this place on March 14. The environment is quite good and the staffs are nice. They have the best Wifi in Vegas. Then we ordered Minced Pork over rice and Pork chop over rice and one milk tea. The dishes are simple, just meat and a lot of rice. When I first look at the dish, I feel bored. For this kind of price, I expect there are more stuff on the plate. Usually, when we went to the other place offer the same kind of dish, it got more stuff in the plate. The minced pork can be more salty. The drink is lack of sweetness. We told the Manager there, and discussed with him a little. He is nice and I really wish they can observe the other restaurant and improve. Finally, he remade the improved drink for us. It is sweet enough, but now it covers the flavor of the tea. Just keep trying, if you wish to improve, you can do it. Please let me know If 3pm got improved. I will go back if they become better. P.S. their WIFI is super fast. One star for the wifi and one star for the nice staff. no star for the food yet.
2	The chicken was delicious.  But for an $8 entree, I expect more than chicken cubes and sticky rice.  Not a lot more but throw in a vegetable for cryin out loud.  More importantly, the service was weak.  I asked for an explanation of some of the beverages - and was told they were powdered. Now that's how to get me to give you my money... Really?  They're powdered?  Yummm.     The grandmother, who clearly is passionate about her recipes, needs to whip those slack jawed, goth kids into shape, yell at them about their lack of a work ethic and fill them in on a few things -- first of which is pride in her food, how is it prepared, what is it...why should I care!  I want to know...I'm interested, don't look at me when I ask these questions like I've grown horns!  Then third...bus your damned tables!  If you don't clean the tables, you can't seat new guests...  Get busy!   Votive candles on the tables don't make money...they're just a fire hazard.  Or put them out in the afternoon when the sun is setting so they don't just look stupid. If a single guest comes in to eat lunch - and you only have 4 tops, don't keep asking them if they're sure they don't want to take their lunch to go...You designed the damned restaurant with only 4 tops and no counter space, it's not my problem.  Get over it.   And finally:  More than 1 person should be able to handle transactions...but the cash register is in the wrong place.   Honestly, it's a disaster.  If anybody there had any previous experience in the restaurant business, they should be ashamed.I love Mom n Pops...but I hate rookie places whose only reason to be in business appears to be pissing off people who want to give them their hard earned money.  But again, in their defense, I will repeat, that was some delicious chicken...and despite the fact that they say it isn't spicy, it was and it was good...just don't waste your time getting it with rice -- get two orders of the appetizer.  To go.  err.
2	Came here to try out the opening of the place with a few friends. Came in and was promptly greeted and sat down. A waitress came by and we had requested more time to look over the menu. The service was lack-luster post this. We tried to get their attention and when we had. they said they would bring out someone that would take our order and we patiently waited. I was disappointed here to find out that they didn't have a few items that were on the menu and failed to inform us of this beforehand. I would have preferred to have known this before having looked over the menu.In any case, I ordered the instant noodles with spam and egg. Ordering this i didn't expect too much considering that it was instant noodles and everything. The only upside to this dish was that they asked me how i would like my egg cooked. The rest was a disappointment. The instant noodle took roughly 10 minutes to come out. And came with what seemed to be a diluted broth even by instant noodle standards and 2 slices of spam that were 1cm thick at the most and an egg. The dish was 4.99 and I was expecting a bit more out of the dish in terms of spam just because the instant noodles were probably .50 a package and the spam and egg couldn't have been much further from that. I just feel like I didn't get much value for the money, and being  a college student, that would be a deciding factor in my choice of dining near the UNLV campus. On a side note the workers near the prep station for the food and drink were coughing quite a bit which made me feel quite uneasy.Onto paying for the meal. The payment process took ages due to lack of a p.o.s system of some sort. Everything was written down and calculated by a desk calculator.In short, I had quite the unpleasant experience here and would probably not revisit at least not for the time being. Perhaps once they obtain some sense of organization I will return and give them another go.
4	Finally a boba place in the UNLV area, I live around here so 3pm cafe is a welcomed addition to the neighborhood! As I entered they were offering samples and I forget what the name of the drink was but it honesly tasted like regular milk tea. None the less, pretty standard tasting which is good. I ordered Thai Tea and orginally I thought the color was a little brighter than usual? It had a good taste and up to par with other boba places. They offer a stamp card, which is nice because I know for a fact I'll be a regular. The interior was pretty modern with clean cut lines. The tables are very school-desk like, which I loved because it shows they are really trying to cater to the students. Another major plus are the late hours! I don't have to drive all the way to a 24 hour starbucks to study past midnight since they are open till 1am on week nights. I'm really hoping they bring in a crowd like Tea Station because of their late hours. But I don't know if the east side has those type of people. I guess we'll have to see?.
2	I consider myself a Boba Milk Tea expert.I know A LOT of spots including the (not so) secret 2 for 1 boba milk/thai tea spot in China Town. I live right by UNLV though and driving to China Town costs as much as one regularly priced boba drink so I was UBER excited when I saw a spot that is a 3 minute walk from my apartment. I don't care about service (it's just a drink that i'm after), I do care about price (Pho Tahn Huong raised their price to $4.50 for a boba drink??? outrageous), and I do care about drink quality.I had the boba milk tea THREE times (twice green, once black). Each time it was bland and watered down. Can I get some more syrup added or what? Perhaps I should try a different flavor, but my theory is that if you eff up the basics, how can you do the advanced?I sound crazy, huh. Who is an elitist about boba? bwaha. Anyways, my conclusion is that I will be back. Why? Cuz I have an addiction and only because it is close to where I live. Plus, I started my stamp card (i think it's buy 7 get one free? not positive) If it was in China Town, it would get no love from me.
3	I first spotted this place a couple months ago when I was on my way to Cafe Rio. It wasn't opened yet but I told myself I would give it a try once it opened. I walked in my first time and liked the vibe. It's has a very modern decor with interesting chairs. Typical college chill spot. Free wi-fi also.Ordering is a bit confusing. The POS system is in one area and the menu is centered but they try to take your order from all angles and it's awkward. The workers were very hospitable and upbeat. They let me know everything about the menu and gave me some recommendations. I tried the Peach green tea and the homeade dry noodles. The drink came in a mason jar which was cool. I really liked that the tea didn't taste artificial. Once my noodles came out, I noticed that it was a very bland-looking plate. The noodles were brown, the bean sprouts were cooked so they were brownish, the fried shallots were brown, and plus the soy sauce was brown. There's nothing wrong with those individual ingredients being brown, but all together it looked...brown. The taste of the actual dish was on the salty side. Honestly, I probably won't order this again unless they change it up. The owner asked how it tasted and I just laid it down. Basically, I told him it needed some green onions or something to make it more appealing. It was too salty and maybe they should have sprinkled the bean sprouts on the top fresh rather than cooked them. The second time I got some fried tofu thinking there would be some kind of sauce on the side, but sadly it was just fried tofu with salt and pepper. It just wasn't worth paying for. I wil continue to come here though because their iced teas are just so damn good.
4	Went here last week since Lied Library closed early due to spring break. I decided to be adventurous and try the peppermint green tea with boba. And I did not like it at all. I honestly expected something like Starbucks green tea beverages, but it was nothing like it. So there I was sitting un-happy and my server (I think her name was Ariel) asked how I liked the drink. I said it wasn't what I expect so she insisted on giving me another drink. So I just played it safe this time around and asked for a milk tea with boba. Nicely done, but I agree with Misti the boba is nothing fancy. They noticed I was studying and they offered to lower the music for me and I said it was fine. I too stayed for a lengthy time and was offered water- what a nice gesture! Definitely great service here, but the drinks could use some improvement.
3	I was looking for a place that was open late, had free WiFi, and wouldn't be too noisy.  This was a perfect spot.My server was super friendly and very attentive.  I stayed there for two hours and didn't feel like they were wanting to kick me out. People have mentioned the food being overpriced.  Nothing on the menu is more than $8.00 and while the portions aren't huge they aren't tiny either.  Downsides are the service was a little on the slow side so if you are in a rush this might not be the best choice and the food choices are minimal.  And boo that the 10% discount is only for UNLV students.  I go to NSC and UNLV honors our id just like their own.  Still will definitely come here when I am at UNLV.
3	I've been trying to find a decent boba cafe conducive for studying and lounging while trying to get things done.  Enter 3pm cafe.  Located in an inconspicuous plaza right across from UNLV, I thought this would be a study haven for students.  I came here on a Saturday afternoon expecting to fight over an available table to whip out my laptop to surf on their free Wi-Fi and get my nerd on.    I walked in and the place was empty.  "Sweet!" I thought.   I was greeted by a friendly server and placed my order: honey green tea with boba ($3.75) and minced pork over rice ($7.25).  The service was friendly and attentive so that's always a plus.  Nothing to write home about, though.  I really like the laid-back atmosphere of the place and the fact that I can camp here for a few hours rage-studying without being given a dirty look.  My tea came out in a cute mason jar fairly quickly.  It tasted good, with the right amount of sweetness from the honey. The boba pearls had a decent amount of bite to them and I do enjoy a good boba chewing session.The minced pork dish was surprisingly good.  It reminded me of the same dish my mom made back in the day.  There was a good amount of rice (about 2 cups worth) and the pork was tender and flavorful.  There was half a hard-boiled egg so I was excited about that ( I LOVE anything egg).  Two things, I didn't like, were that it was a tad bit salty.  At first bite, it was good.  Each subsequent bite became saltier than the last, but not to the point where I would douse the food with water to dilute the saltiness.  The second thing I didn't like about this dish was that it was a little too pricey but I'd still order it again..just because it's decent food and I'm usually hungry and will eat anything I can get my grubby hands onto.
1	I stopped by here with some friends, after having lunch at the Pita Pit next door.  They opened at 1pm that Saturday apparently due to maintenance earlier that day.  We walked in at around 1:15pm and was told that their boba wouldn't be ready for another 15 minutes.  Not a big deal, but not good considering that boba is probably the main thing people want in their drinks.  Instead of waiting, I decided to try their lychee instead.  I ended up getting a Mango Green Tea with Lychee.  We were the only ones in there, so the drink was made quickly.  When I got the drink, though, I found two strands of hair floating at the bottom near the lychee.  How does that even happen? I told the server (who didn't even apologize BTW), and she quickly tossed it and re-made the drink.  Already grossed out, I analyzed the new drink and noticed a few black specs floating around the bottom.  It might have been from the tea, or it might have not.  I took a few sips anyway, and it tasted decent.  I eventually tossed the drink though, because I couldn't get over the stuff floating around.First time I've ever had hair in a drink.  With this being my first time there, I don't plan on going back. It's too bad because it's in a great location right across campus.UPDATE:=======SNHD recently rated this place a Grade C, with 40 demerits (ONE demerit away from being closed immediately).  Now, this should tell you something about the place.Check for yourself:http://www.southernnevadahealthdistrict.org/restaurants/inspections.php
5	Fantastic bubble tea, great food, and amazing customer service. I go to UNLV and stop by all the time. It's definitely worth stopping by.
1	You are a Boba place.  You should have Boba.Two days in a row I have been here and been told that there is no more Boba.  This time, it was at 5:30 pm, well before the business closes for the evening (1 am).  The milk tea is okay, but not worth driving and spending my hard-earned cash to come here, only to be told that there is no Boba YET AGAIN.My fiance's milk tea tasted entirely different than it did the day before.  It was disgustingly sweet and watery.  I strongly dislike inconsistency, so this was a big downer for me.  I also had the pleasure of witnessing the girls making my drink discussing how they "really didn't know how I make a Thai tea".  Really??!?  I guess that's why it took over twenty minutes for them to figure out how to do it, even though our drinks were the only ones they were making at the time.  Maybe if there was a long line of orders I would be more understanding... but instead, I was steamed.  I wanted to hop behind the counter and make my own drink.  It would have been quicker.The tea that was used in my drink was sitting out in a big, warm, frothy vat.  Yummy.  The evaporated milk came from an already-opened can that looked all crusty on the sides.  Worse yet, they didn't put any ice in the cup, so I was left with the unobscured sight of odd orange floaties drifting around in my tea.  Ick.  I threw my drink away.  Between the warm temperature, oddly frothy texture, and random mystery floaters, I knew it wouldn't go down the hatch without a fight from a very unwilling stomach. (SEE NASTY PHOTO)Save your money. It's not worth it.  Go to a real Boba place... You know, where they sell Boba.  This place is vile.
2	I've been here a few times because I live within walking distance, but each time has been very mediocre. The boba is bland and when I ordered my son jelly toast I thought it would be something much better than a slice of Texas toast and Smuckers jelly. Although the service is really great and the staff is very nice, that's not what I paid for. ;(
1	It is difficult for me to give this cafe a star because it was good when it first opened few months ago. It is just getting worse and worse, super slow service...worse food, how can i say...it is just as bad as tea station but at least tea station wont ley us wait 40 mins (still waiting actually) for 2 drinks to go. 40 mins i could have been to jugoo have some super nice dinner. Yelp does need to provide a negative star system to show how bad a restaurant can b. a star is still too good. I don't know the staff is not rude but just damn slow and food quality is...omg...Again the only 1 star is for the nice lady making boba. She is polite but just slow. Other things...no good.
5	It was a nice place to study.(outlets at every table)  They have free WIFI and the tea i ordered was good. Service was fast and the employes are nice.
3	I was craving boba while in the university neighborhood, I thought for sure there has to be a place around here, and low and behold, here it is. I was skeptical at first given the low ratings by previous yelpers. I was excited to see the long list of flavors, and the long list of teas as well. I am usually a creature of habit, I tend to order milk tea or Thai tea, but I stepped out of the box and ordered honey milk/green tea. For a large which is 24 oz it was $5.13, which is average I think. The bobas were perfect, size was perfect and just the right amount of chew, I hate when you get overcooked boba with a hard piece in the middle. The flavor was a tad on the too sweet side, I love honey, but this was definitely too sweet, maybe next time I will ask for more green tea, or I may go back for the lavender boba. I can't speak for the food part of the menu as I was only there for my chewy pearl treat.
3	Nice clean boba place next to UNLV. Went in and got a passionfruit tea with no boba and tasted just fine. I also like how this place has free wifi so I can get some homework done. The place is typically slow with only a few tables occupied however when I was leaving a big group came in and they were kind of loud. Can't really say much for their other drinks or food so I guess this is just a typical boba place. Prices were a little high.
2	My friends and I decided to check out 3pm Cafe around the time it first opened. It was around noon and there were a couple of customers there, nothing super busy. The decor was modern, cute and clean. We ended up getting the spaghetti and almond boba. The drinks were okay. The cafes in Chinatown are better. The spaghetti was good, but I wouldn't order it again. The overall menu was okay. Nothing special. The reason why I'm giving them 2 stars is because the service was terribly slow. The workers were very friendly but it was kind of ridiculous how slow our food came out. I knew they had just opened so I tried to give them some slack, but its definitely something they need to improve on.
1	Oh god wasnt paying attention and this is my 200th review......Yeah i'd seriously wouldnt recommend this place to anyone. We only went here due to it being a Sunday and all the major hot spots were closed (Stephano's, 28Go, that taco place). Service was alright considering there's only one person on staff to man both the drinks and front counter and the kitchen in the back. That could account of the quality of the food but if they knew there was only going to be one person then the food could have been prepared and if it was could also account for it's quality.Fusion Fries - seriously almost 7 dollars for frozen fries with sauce, mayo, and rice topping sprinkles. SEVEN DOLLARS!! at most it's worth 3.95! portion size wasnt even that big!Pork Belly on rice (daily special) - Wow seriously the blandest pork belly i've ever had. Waste of what could have been bacon. Not sure if it's suppose to taste like nothing but it tasted like....nothing. Even the chunks of pork belly which has the fat had any flavor to it.Curry Rice w/Chicken Katsu - The chicken was pretty decent. Dark meat and had a nice crunchy crust and they even seasoned the chicken with a little salt. The rest of it was meh. Potato salad was halfway cooked containing bits of still raw potato hunks. Curry was Golden brand brick instant curry and is there a shortage of the stuff? When that nuclear reactor blew up did it take out the curry brick factory? When you think of Katsu Curry you're expecting a bowl with just all curry sauce, in island of rice, and a few strips of fried chicken slightly submerged in the curry. Nope exact opposite here. Mountains of rice with just a light mist of curry.Expensive too. WAY expensive. When your target market are college students your strategy should be cheap and plentiful so they keep coming back. 3pm Cafe is neither cheap nor is it very plentiful.
4	I've become a normal visitor of this place since it opened up a few months ago. In regards to getting tea drinks with boba within close proximity to UNLV's campus, this place is a winner. Their drinks never disappoint; my favorites include the barley milk tea and black rose tea. Unfortunately, they've yet to win me over in regards to food. I've tried the popcorn chicken and pork over rice, but both weren't up to par. Popcorn chicken didn't have that crunchy exterior one usually expects from popcorn chicken. The pork just wasn't memorable in regards to flavor. And while rice can't be messed up, there was much left to be desired since it seemed like the quality wasn't very high. They incorporated a dish recently simply titled 'Spam, noodles and egg' which I also tried in hope that maybe this inclusion would discourage the urge for me to get my food from another place, but alas to no avail. It just wasn't worth the $4.95, especially since it was easy to tell the noodles and broth were nothing more than what you make from a package of a generic ramen brand.Food complaints aside, the interior of 3PM is quite pleasing. Unfortunately from what I've experienced they don't have their boba ready until 30 minutes after opening time which isn't good because many customers need to get to class. Angel is the guy who you'll see 99% of the time when you show up is an awesome guy, but he definitely needs some help because the poor guy is managing everything all by himself which is why service is a little slow.This place is nice and definitely has the potential to be a big hit. I hope that they'll continue to make adjustments to the food side of the menu because the quality direly needs a change, and hopefully they'll hire a few more people so their business can pick up speed a bit.
5	I like the new management. The owner/server takes pride in customer service. He makes sure you are satisfied with your order before you pay. Reasonable prices and good variety of smoothies, slushies, and flavored teas. Haven't tries their food, but I like their teas. My fav is their mango green tea. They make sure that the flavor is infused by shaking it, not just stirred. Fast wi-fi and UNLV students get 10% discount if you bring your student ID with you. He also has a stamp card, never really asked how many I need to get a free drink, I just have him stamp it every time. Lastly, you can't beat their location. It's right across UNLV, right next to Pita Pit. So I can get my "healthy" lunch next door then head here to study for hours.
3	WHO: UNLV students/alumni or people just around the area, and craving a drank with boba!WHERE: On Maryland Parkway, between Tropicana & Flamingo. Right next to Cafe Rio. (Yessss.. dessert!!)WHEN: They are still fairly new, so I believe they are testing out their hours as of the last time I've gone there.WHY: If you need a break from all that studying, if you need a place to study, if you want to meet a friend and chitchat, if you're for some reason thirstier than normal, if you want to try something new, or if you just want to be there!WHAT: I am so glad that there is now a boba cafe directly across the street from school! There are times where I crave a nice, cold boba drink and I now can fulfill my cravings and run across the street (of course looking both ways before crossing) and obtaining that delicious drink!Both times I walked into the place, it was slower than I was expecting (probably because the times I've been there were both after 6pm). However, every time I stepped foot, I was delightedly greeted!! The workers there are so friendly! You can actually converse with them! =). They strictly had boba drinks only, but their menu stated other. This is because they will be getting their food stuff soon; which I'm extremely excited for (if they haven't gotten it all in already). The menu looked awesome though. Be prepared for another asian fusion hot spot!In the meantime, enjoy what's available, and I will update as soon as I get the chance to go back there! =D
2	I was looking forward to having a tea cafe close to UNLV, my tea was over steeped, I order a pork meal, the meal was 75% white rice, little meat and half of it was fat.
