1	Be aware!!! Bad customer service!!! If you do go try to get one of the reps from Texas as they seemed to know more since they are here helping with the new openings. Also beware of all the bogus promos they offer. A lot of bait and switch. Then be real careful when you sit down to pay. They seem to like to jack up the prices hoping you won't notice. Pretty sure that's due to the reps making commission. Had 2 different experiences 1 time bought something was a so so experience. And the 2nd time walking out on purchasing 6 grand worth of furniture due to horrible customer service and baiting and switching. Also FYI once your in the store and a rep introduces themselfs they follow you worse then a used car salesman. Which I understand they want to make money but the issue is when you ask a question they have no clue how to answer it.
1	I would not recommend this company to a friend or foe.at first everything seemed OK, I went to look at refrigerators, once i found out they had a free TV promotion with mattress I decided I would go get the wife to check them out.Refer purchase, NOT; Conns did not have the specific model we wanted an LG with dual Ice Maker. they had a GE, I decided to get that with Conn's warranty if I was approved for credit. I was approved BUT Conn's wanted $450 for an extended Warranty... when I told the salesman I was going to look elsewhere he go the manager who said they could order the refer but would take 6 months. GE one has a 1 year warranty..Ended up at Home Depot, the LG we wanted Extended  Warranty for $150 and FREE Delivery.I run home and get the wifeWhen we walk into the store, I tell the sales guy that we were working with another guy from the appliances. He said that he was the guy cause were now buying a mattressMattress purchase - We looked / laid on a few, the sales person stuck around a little too much for my taste.. I HATE THAT, after we decided on our mattress, my wife saw a Table set she liked, so we picked that out as well.So far so OK, the paperwork to buy something is like buying a Car.. Seriously!Also the Sales manager had an attitude cause we had a new sale person, and actually the 2 got into an argument.. right in front of us..He asked when we wanted it delivered and we gave him the date.. No Issues.after getting home my Wife realized that she wanted everything a week sooner as our son was coming home from college sooner than planned.I called Conn's to reschedule for the upcoming Friday and was told No problem they will call the day before.Later that week, on Thursday, I received a call on my work phone it was the sales guy, he was informing me they only delivered in our area on Tuesday and Thursday, since it was Thursday I told him bring them out.. Conn's would not do that they wanted to deliver the following Thursday, which would not work as we gave our bed away.. I spoke to Conn's Corporate and, Local Store Manager.. NO RESOLUTION.. I decided to pick up mattresses and tableI had to drive all the way back to the store 50 Miles to get NEW paperwork, the Store Manger said he would have everything ready... HE did NOT. I had to tell my story to 4 people before the right guy came out. then I had to RESIGN all that paperwork again... UHHGGGGPick up was great. that why I gave 1 StarEven though we turned down the Con's extended warranty on the mattress somehow they manipulated the price to add it in.. WELL the side of our new Mattress blew out, called Conn's they have to have a technician come out and the earliest is 3 weeks out... WHAT a JOKE what if this was the Fridge we did not buy...
1	I bought three things a Conn's on three separate occasions. I paid one off and the other two are on time every time. I tried to get credit again and they tell me no because I have a blemish on my credit record that has been there for a long time. They know about it the first time!!
1	Never buy anything from this store. They fraudulently change your contract after you sign everything. We need anyone who has had problems with this store to contact me.
1	DO-NOT come here. WORST place ever. RUN-RUN fast! I been waiting ONE year to get my furniture fixed. I made my payments on time yet getting service done FORGET ABOUT IT! not happening they transfer you and transfer you and well it's a never ending cycle. The wait, well that's about 1hr or more....IF they say someone will contact you. Please don't hold your breath. DID I MENTION they will take money out of your account even though I did NOT authorize it. Yeah, funny how I been waiting a year to get my crap fix but nothing, sure enough they are QUICK to take your money, they will review their recording to see if 'I' "authorize it" well, I think I would know if I said YES go ahead I'm going to pay you even though my crap has NOT been fixed! when it's been reviewed I will get my money back in 5 days. Sure as heck didn't take themFIVE days to take it! Their 'managers' are worthless.... I really regreat coming here! These people sure as heck have no Idea who they messed with, I will have my husband job with a camera at their corporate office for a consumer affair story! They would LOVE this story!
1	Read my tip below. They don't even deserve the one star! They will cause you aneurisms and other health problems due to high stress. Don't even go yo their parking lot.
1	Have a bunch of messages with people's story's of their problems with this store. Please keep messaging me so we can bring this fraudulent company down.
5	Not sure what brought on the other poor reviews. I just had the best experience with a purchase of a new refrigerator from Darin at this store. Ran down my options, showed me what I could do, advised me on what might be the best choice for their warranty. He even advised me that the reason their warranty goes higher after a certain point is because it's past that point THEY EXPECT THE APPLIANCE TO FAIL! How many other companies will tell you that? Darin made the whole purchase experience enjoyable.
1	I agree with Rocio. i have been waiting over 3 months to get my furniture fixed and it's transfer after transfer! They don't care to fix my things! They just care about getting paid! DO NOT BUY FROM HERE!
2	This place gets 2 stars because I LOVE the products they sell and sadly have spent over 5k on merchandise from here. (Couches , mac computer, bedroom furniture, 2 sets of Beats by Dre etc) anyways the managment here is horrible and they all have a bad attitude when your in the store for anything but buying products. The sales team make commission so yes they do swarm on you when you get in store . And my biggest pet peave is I got the one salesmen that barely spoke english ! But I love the 12-36 months 0 interest so I will bite my tongue and continue to buy :)
