5	This place is great! Quick and very knowledgeable.  Matt made my wife feel very comfortable, and explained everything clearly to her. He even kept me in the loop as well. He was very honest and have me great advice. I will be back.
5	Excellent place to go for service! The owner is extremely helpful and informative.  I have been multiple times for service and each time I leave knowing that I can trust the work that I had done.  It is rare to go to any business that deals with cars and feel like you've been educated and informed instead of pressured into paying for something you don't need.  No questions about it, I will be back!!
5	We went to Tempe Dodge to get the oil changed on the  Arizona Pest Squad work vehicles, 2013 Ram 2500 Twin Cummings and 2013 Ram 1500 5.7. It was WAY to confusing! They told me that I had to leave the trucks over night, the price was over $250, the people were rude & more..... Uhhh, not, we bounced outta there with the quickness! The prices were way out of line. The staff was snotty. it was a "dog and pony" show and was more a  "ordeal" then "ideal!" We were driving away from this mad-house and from 2 blocks away we saw a sign for the "OIL DEPOT." We drove up with both trucks, the owner introduced himself to us quickly, the price was close to HALF for both trucks! We felt appreciated and have been taking our work vehicles to Oil Depot since then. Quality, professional, quick, responsive, experienced, clean shop & attention to detail. I am the owner of Arizona Pest Squad and I couldn't imagine going anywhere for a oil change! 5 STARS HANDS DOWN!!! GREAT JOB!
5	Service is great !!!!!! Today I when for and oil change and in less than 15 minutes I was done. The owner was helpful and nice to talk with. He checked my car out and recommended to me that I needed to change my air filter. No pressure !!!!!!!! Price are reasonable and service is great. Good place to take your car for an oil change. I will bring both my cars back there with no problems.
