1	As a child (along with Burger King), Kentucky Fried Chicken (as it was called then), was my favorite fast food restaurant. You couldn't go wrong with the "Original Recipe" (only option back then... it was just called chicken because there was no "Extra Crispy") and mashed potatoes.  Sure the coleslaw made me vomit through my nose (just wasn't ready for it then), but Kentucky Fried Chicken was the best.Years later, "Extra Crispy" became available and I realized how hard the "Original Recipe's" texture sucked!Novelty drove me to KFC yesterday.  I went with the white meat combo ... "Extra Crispy".  I started with the chicken.  The batter was really caked on.  I forgot haw thick the layers of batter get with KFC.  My initial bite started off satisfying, the flavors helped me relive those great fast foodie moments of my childhood.  From there, the mirage took off.The batter is caked on so thickly that there is a space between the chicken and the crispy exterior that's moist mush.  It was so disgusting, I could only eat select portions of the batter I knew were crisp.  The chicken was so far from free-range, it tasted as if were raised in a can.  The breast was moist, but it oddly had the flavor and some of the texture of thigh meat (I can't stand dark meat chicken). I went with the wedges.  They are flavored like curly fries, but with twice the seasoning.  The first part of the bite was solid, but the guts of the wedges were a mushy potato with the consistency of mashed potatoes -- yeah, deep-fried mashed potatoes --- %&u% GROSS!The only thing I finished here was the soda.  I hope in 10 years, when I consider coming back, I read this review and realize some things are best left in childhood.
5	I used to work a few KFCs in San Diego,this place needs to clean up the parking lot... otherwise, it's awesome! wtg team!
1	Extremely rude mexican staff!I clearly said wedges and the staff (many times) gave me mash potato.They wont give enough sauce. If you ask for a couple more sauces, they will bargain with you.
1	Ok, I have to say this right now; Otherwise, I would go to bed feeling angry and my boyfriend would suffer and that is not fair :(This KFC is very inconsistent in their food and I always come back hoping for a miracle, I don't know, my love for fried chicken makes me blind I guess; However, today I had the worst chicken tenders I have ever eaten here, they were so chewy I could not eat them. I have had the same exact chicken tender many times and they are nice and extra crispy, today they were cooked to death and there wasn't any crispiness whatsoever. Besides, the staff at this location do not care about what their customers, sometimes I stand up at the counter and I wait at least 2-3 minutes until somebody has the decency to notice I am there. Once they take your order they seem to be annoyed by you, like if you are on their way. I am very dissapointed.
