5	This is a great lunch spot for the uptown worker.  It is breakfast\lunch sandwich shop with organic and healthy menu.  Perfect food for a post workout lunch.  Great sandwiches with all natural flavorful ingredients.  Has become my standard place to eat.
5	Healthy food is a passion of mine and I always love when I can find a restaurant that makes it taste good too.   5 Stars all the way!
5	EnergyCafe is a great healthy alternative to the normal lunch fare.  I recently visited this restaurant on a business trip.  Conveniently located in the Bank of America building in the Uptown area of Charlotte, it focuses on healthy and delicious sandwiches, salads, wraps and smoothies.   I did not get a chance to try the smoothies, but the chicken salad sandwich I had was very flavorful and fabulously made.  The nutrional information is prominently displayed on the menus, allowing you to make wise decisions.  I believe all the meat is from the Boar's Head, which for my money is the best available.  Staff was very friendly and the line moved quickly.  I great place to get something healthy if you are ever in the Uptown area.
4	Tons of protein in their smoothies - organic & all natural fruity ingredients..... which is a very nice change from the ice cream, treaty-like smoothies I'm used to seeing aroundSandwich wraps, salads, & soups that offer many veggie options as well as gluten-free to boot - woot!We've tried their Quinoa Salad as well as their hummus & pita - both yummyEnergy bars are - "homemade" every day - Pumpkin Walnut was okay - the hummus & quinoa were betterCan't wait to come back for more smoothies & lunchie items ... I feel healthier already
4	Had lunch here this week and it is very quick and healthy!  I got the Power Packed Chicken Salad sandwich - it is flavored with cranberries and has an overall mild flavor.  I got feta on mine and it makes it a little more interesting.  They move you quickly through the line and will yell at you if you do not approach the cash register fast enough - I was still answering questions of 'what do you want on it' when the cashier yelled 'Maam!' at me to come over and pay.  I am guessing he didnt realize they were still asking me what i wanted on my sandwich.  So that was odd but i think they are just trying to keep the line moving (I shot him a dirty look and he quieted down right away!)  The food is good and fast and HEALTHY!!!  Even my Nutritionist sister is a fan!!!
4	Finally, it's nice to have a place like this Uptown! This is a fabulous alternative to the fast food, unhealthy joints that seem to be a staple for many. They offer fresh, healthy food along with smoothies and protein bars (or fuel bars as they call them) at a reasonable price. Anytime I've been they are super quick with making your food right in front of you and although there is usually a line, it moves pretty quick. I love how they put the nutritional stats on their menu so you can see how much you're taking in (plus they have stats for protein and fiber as opposed to just cals/fat). They also have many vegetarian options. Their medium build your own salad is the best deal---$5.99 with unlimited toppings and only $1.49 if you want to add protein (although I usually bring chicken or tofu from home). They have a varied selection of dressings along with low fat options for the creamier ones and their Greek vinaigrette is amazing ---it has chunks of feta in it and anything that brings more cheese into my life is a good thing. Great prices, quick service, generous portions-I dig.
5	I love Energy Cafe! Whenever I work uptown in the conveniently connected Plaza Building, I almost always eat here for breakfast. (Truth be told: I often eat here for lunch too!)My favorite is the Egg Delight sandwich. I've also tried two of their fuel bars, and both were delicious.Love their fresh teas... I only wish they brewed them earlier so I could get one with my breakfast sandwich, but instead I select from one of their many juices instead.I've always had very good customer service here as well.My husband, who works several blocks away, is also a fan and often makes the trek over here for their terrific healthy options.
4	Have to confess that I've walked by here a dozen times and never stopped in - BIG MISTAKE!I was in the area anyway for a meeting and needed to grab lunch so I took a chance. . .turns out this place is great! Menu is a little confusing (lot of real estate devoted to shakes vs sandwiches, salads, etc). However, once you get the swing of it the menu makes sense. I ended up ordering a salad/sandwich combo: their greek salad and chicken salad on wheat. The salad was very fresh, with a low fat dressing and nice chunks of feta. The chicken salad was rock star - real chicken, light mayo, herbs, cranberries and walnuts. Awesome overall.The combo came with a drink so I tried the ginger peach iced tea - again, great option and unique. The total for all this was $7 bucks - a bargain for healthy, handmade food in Uptown. I'll definitely be back!
3	The food here is simple and easy. Wide assortment of wraps and sandwiches as well as healthy bars and cookies to bring back with you to the office for that 3pm snack. The part that's great about this place is the fact that all the important nutrition information is written on the menu. Most of the sandwiches and wraps average 500 cals and are under 15grams of fat. Takes the stress out of finding a healthy lunch routine. I didn't vote more than 3 stars because the location is kind of sterile (not really their fault) and they don't mention if their menu is organic.
4	Great place for a fresh, healthy sandwich or salad.  A bit pricier than other sandwich joints around, but worth it for the ingredients.  I'm a huge fan of their hummus and veggie sandwich, and it's one of the only places around to get just a plain 'ol hummus and veggie sammich!  Salads are great, decent portions for the price.  Soups are also super yummy!  (BONUS: they have sriracha sauce out on the condiment table most of the time - AWESOME!)Their iced tea is fresh and delightful, and they also offer quinoa salad as a side - EXCELLENT!This is always my first choice of mine when I'm looking for something light and healthy!
5	Best health food in town. The whole UberDog Training staff eats here. Even the dogs get a snack.
2	I was interested in this place - it looked like a it would be a good/fun/healthy place to grab a quick bite. I got the egg delight sandwich - egg whites, turkey bacon, cheddar cheese, tomato, guacamole all on multi-grain bread. Sounds good right....well sort of. The turkey bacon was a bit chewy (defiantly was popped in the microwave not on the grill) and the egg was pre-made and popped in the microwave as well. Other than that - it was good. I am not saying that I wouldn't come back here again - I just think I would opt for a cold sandwich instead. Maybe something like the hummus sandwich.
1	I just started working in uptown and thought it was time to explore. I sincerely regret my decision. The girl who took my order was rude from the first word. Process-wise, if I want a smoothie and a sandwich... why do I order one item from her and one from another man across the restaurant? It doesn't make any sense. So I dropped the smoothie idea. Apparently its a big deal. So they're out of roasted peppers and regular peppers. No biggie. I asked what my other options are. The chick points at the prep table and says, you can pick from these. What? Points? Can you not verbally tell me? So then I go to pay and I ask for the combo. He asks me what kind of drink I want. I asked him what my choices are, because the menu lists tea as my only option. He lists off bottled water and another bottled beverage. I pick the water and my total is $10.05. If the combo is $8.79...where is the big difference in price? His response? "I don't know, thats just what it is. If you want to talk to a manager, he's right there" After speaking to the manager...he explained that the water was an up charge of 50 cents. I don't mind paying 50 cents....I do mind being told I don't know why your bill is higher than expected, but that's what it is....with no apologies or explanation. Rude awful customer service start to finish. They get 1 star because the wrap I got wasn't half bad.
3	Well, to start off, I got the build your own medium salad bowl.  Added the organic baked tofu, black beans, corn, red onion, cherry tomatoes, and then added some greek vinaigrette on the side.  My total was 8.10, which was a little pricier than I bargianed for, but it all looked fresh so I was ok with this.  I do like that if I were to order directly off the menu, they have calorie counts available for all their selectioins listed right beside the item name, which is REALLY great, since almost nowhere does this; very convienent for those watching their intake.  Anyways, I ate at one of the many tables they have available outside, which is in a pretty secluded area that is aesthetically pleasing, so I really enjoyed this aspect.  Unfortunately, the salad itself lacked a little.  For one, none of the items tasted very fresh except for the lettuce, and the cherry tomatoes tasted almost stale.  The tofu was also very bland, and although the menu never stated it would be seasoned with anything, I just assumed they would have added some sort of spice since it is afterall, tofu.  To be fair, I did just move to the area from Charleston, SC so I have been spoiled with really great, local fresh food at most restaurants, but based on the description I was really hoping this would be a taste of the freshness at home, which unfortunately it was not.  Don't get me wrong, I ate the whole thing and it wasn't awful by any means, just definitely a little bit of a let down from my high expectations after seeing reviews.Suggestions?  I know it's not strictly salads, but they really should work on upgrading their salad selections because I feel like a lot of people go to a healthy store like this for salad, and especially at that price point customers should be getting a little bit better quality.  Also, a selection rather than just one type of lettuce would be really nice.  Anyways, overall average experience food-wise, really nice atmosphere though and I may return one day for a sandwich or something, but for now I'll continue on my hunt for the freshest Charlotte salad I can find.
3	When there were only two other people in line, and one person dining in I should have known it was just OK. The service was very slow, somewhat rude, and the turkey wrap was nothing to write home about. Not my 1st choice when it comes to a turkey wrap. Will pass next time.
5	I enjoyed the Energy Cafe Signature Salad with chicken.  It was delicious with the dressing provided and filling as well.  It's always good when you can grab a quick, fresh salad that is made just for you.  Although I did not try one of the Power Wrap sandwiches, I observed that they are packed and well worth the price.  I went back after 4 pm but they closed at 3 pm.  I look forward to going back when hunger is calling my name!
5	I love Energy Cafe! It has become a lunchtime favorite for me when I am in the Charlotte area. It is so refreshing to find a restaurant that cares about what they are feeding people. Energy Cafe provides detailed nutritional information for all of the items on their menu which is helpful for anyone trying to stay in shape.The cafe has two locations, one of which is conveniently located beneath the Charlotte Athletic Club. This makes Energy Cafe the perfect place to swing by and grab a yummy 'Doc' Holladay smoothie after working out. Did I mention the amazing cafe design? Energy Cafe is a very forward thinking restaurant. This is not only evident in its menu choices, but its overall atmosphere. ***** and two thumbs up!
3	Great options for healthy lunchtime favorites. Free frozen yogurt while you wait, or after lunch! And small portions for great energy boosts. - Hummus Sandwich- Side Protein- Chocolate frozen yogurt
5	Power Packed Chicken Salad on a low-carb wheat wrap.....add spinach, cranberries, almonds, and Sriracha sauce.  I have this almost every day.
4	Good food, friendly staff, portion s are a little small ( at least for what I order ed). Will return soon
1	I'm sorry to say I can no longer recommend Energy Cafe in the Plaza Building uptown. I've noticed a significant decline in the service and the food quality over the past year. Portions seem to be smaller. Prices seem to be higher. It's not uncommon for them to be out of ingredients. But the final straw was last week when my pumpkin walnut bar was covered in mold. I was beyond disgusted & disappointed, as was my husband, since it was his suggestion to meet here for lunch despite my objections. While the cashier was apologetic & offered me a new option, I won't be back.
4	Eat healthy tasty food here!  This fast casual restaurant is located in the Bank of America Plaza, just down the escalators from the Omni Hotel lobby and below the Charlotte Athletic Club (you won't be able to see this restaurant from the street-- it's inside).  I stopped here because they market their dishes as being organic, fresh whole foods made to power a body in motion.  I loved the fact they listed all the micro nutrients for each of their dishes on the menu (protein, fat, carbs, fiber in addition to total calories).  They have smoothies, healthy breakfast items, salads and lunch sandwiches and wraps.  Smooth coffee and iced tea too!I had the Egg Delight Sandwich which is made to order and is filled with power foods such as egg whites, organic guacamole, tomatoes and turkey bacon on a multigrain bread of substance (31g of protein).  It was good, but could use a little kick with some hot sauce.  I would definitely come back for a post workout meal, breakfast or a muscle building lunch.  Sit and drink your fair trade coffee, while enjoying the free wifi while you people watch all the folks standing in the long line at the Starbucks kiosk across the hallway during the morning rush.
3	Arnold Wrap is really good - but I don't think I'll be back soon because $8.50 for a wrap is insane.
