1	Meet up with a few buddies at the PT's Pub a few establishments down. The PTs didnt offer food and i was starvin so when i asked for a menu the bartender gave me the menu to Roma Pizza. I figure i'd just walk there and put the order in myself.Took advantage of their 3x extra large one topping pizza combo, had an urge for wings and fries so threw on the wings and fries combo as well. Paid somewhere around 30 dollars so it wasnt too bad.Pizzas came out around 15-20 min later and wow...For as much grease as each slice contained there was just ZERO flavor from ANYTHING.The cheese was the greasiest cheese i've ever had and tasted neither like cheese nor pizza.The ham had slices of ham so thin they were nearly tasteless and contained the same amount of grease as the standard cheese.The pepperoni suffered the same fate as the last two. Having too thin and small slices of pepperoni which barely registered a taste and had a fine shiny layer of grease on top. The wings could have been tossed better for some pieces were evenly coated, others where just half on half off.The fries werent bad. I was surprised at the fries being not bad. I half expected them to be deep fried gummy bears filled with grease.
3	I have to say that for what it was, the pizza was actually not too bad.  A little on the greasy side, but not so bad that I have to take breaks eating due to an imminent arterial embolism.  The crust was nice (I know everyone likes a nice, soft crust) and the ingredients weren't super fresh, but I didn't expect it to because of the accommodating price.  Speaking of price, prices are decent and the people there are friendly.  I think we went with the 2 large topping special and, although I don't remember the price, the total came out to be cheaper than any of the other pizza shops in the area.  ANDDDD I wasn't upsold when I got there to pick up my pizza, which is nice because everytime I do anywhere to get pizza, I always seem to get stuck with a pizza guy/girl who insists that I try their AWESOME breadsticks.  Pleasant surprise.Not bad...will try to venture out to the breadsticks next time and see what it's all about but, for the price, I'm sure I'll be stopping by if I'm working and need my pizza fix.
5	Roma pizza on Tropicana, formerly known as Tropicana Pizza, is one of my favorites. I usually go for the carry out deal but I've had them deliver a few times as well. They are open until 2am, catering to the PTs a couple doors down. The owner is incredibly nice, I have not one bad thing to say about him. You can tell he works hard because he's always there. Always answering the phones, making the pizzas, handling the register. The quality is great. I've only once had one given to me that was slightly undercooked but time and time again it's made to perfection. They also have pastas and subs, fingers and wings. The usual for a great pizza shop.
3	Got a flyer on our front door weeks ago and decided to just go for it. Read the reviews and I do think they're unfair. The pizza had nice crispy crust and flavorful cheese. Hawaiian special was yummy. Not very greasy at all but I was expecting a lot from the other reviews. Chicken fingers were alright, nothing special. But the Pizza hit the spot and all pizzas are 2 for 1. If you're iffy about it just give them a shot. Will order again. :)
1	Stupid Idiots left a flyer on my door, but after ordering called back 10 minutes later and said it was to far to drive. WTF
5	I love this place I love their specials and of course the pizza I prefer their sausage and pepperoni pizza and It was delicious and I love their wings and fries!!!!!!!! Will come back again thank you guys you are amazing!
1	Horrible customer service.  The staff has no idea what they are doing.  It takes them 1 1/2 hours to make and deliver a pizza.  Definitely would not recommend this place.
