4	Rally's isn't a "fast food" in the sense that you food is flying out on a tray 10 seconds after your credit card is swiped. It took about 3 minutes for my meal to be prepared with generally nobody else here.So if you are in a rush... go to Taco Bell or McDonalds. With that said... I ordered the Roadhouse Bacon Burger. It was good. The bread was even flatbread, which made it more than just standard burger.Fries are awesome too. No ketchup required!
1	The food here is like a worse version of Arby's. Waste of money!
4	The food they serve is made to order, so it takes a little longer than most "fast food" burger joints.  Not to worry..  It's well worth the wait.I've eaten here a handful of times.  They are pretty consistent with their service and their food.  This weekend, I ordered via the drive-thru window, and when I got home, my fries were still crunchy.  That's always a plus for me.
3	Since leaving Florida I missed Checkers (what Rallys is called over there), and boy was I thrilled to find it in AZ! It's been a while so I couldn't wait any longer...Ok, so at first glance this place might not give off the best vibe. Who cares. The food is good. Tried the double rallysburger, w/ fries and a choc. milkshake. The burger is actually somewhat similar to Burger King (in a way), but better imho. The choc. milkshake was the bomb diggity fo shiggity. I mean I drank that sucker down. Others around me had nothing but good feedback so I guess it's safe to say I will pay another visit in the future.Forget the negative reviews. Hit the drive-thru if you have doubts. The food is good!
1	If you love sitting in your car waiting for slow drive thru service, this rally's is for you. Slowest rally's I have ever been to.  Even mid day.  Food is ok.  I love the taste or rally's.  if the service wasn't so damn slow it would be a regular stop.
5	best fries around and awesome prices
1	So my son will pretty much eat anything that is a chicken nugget, being that he's five and he wouldn't even take two bites. Atleast the nuggets were hot, as for my burger, well I would think around 5:30-6 the burgers would be fresh. I was wrong. The burger was cold like it had been sitting there for hours, so of course so was the cheese. When I approached management to merely get my money back for a burger I wasn't about to finish, her reply "we aren't aloud to give you your money back." Ha really?! I won't ever go back!
2	Went here for lunch today after a a co-worker talked me into joining him. I have not been to a Rally's for about 15 years - I used to come here when I was younger because it was always inexpensive. I had a double cheeseburger combo meal. I'm not really a fan. The service was actually fast compared to some of the other reviews, but I'm just not a fan of the food. The fries were really greasy and I didn't like the taste of the burger. Yeah, yeah... I know. "It's fast food - what did you expect?" But with so many other burger options out there, I will not be coming back. You can get a much better quality fast food meal at Five Guys or In And Out.
1	It is so annoying that a FAST FOOD restaurant charges for water I mean seriously when you sit here the atmosphere is bland and boring the employes are not enthusiastic or inviting the restaurant industry should serve hospitality not regret it's quite irritating they need a lot improvement. A good staff is the back bone of a restaurant so a better attitude should result
