2	Bleh.  What happened to Slices?  Don't tell me that the recipes are the same.  The pizza surely doesn't taste the same to me since Slices transformed into Axxio.  What a terrible name for a pizzeria.  What is this, the hipster dance-club version of a pizza-by-the slice restaurant?  The name "Slices" was much more appropriate, plus the food was better too.  The food was good when it was "Slices."  Now the pizza isn't worth having anymore.  The slices taste stale and dry and by no means worth eating again.  Fortunately there are plenty of other lunch spots at Tempe Marketplace.
5	Ordering at Axxio is always a tough choice.Pepperoni is always a good choice, but the more creative choices have always been great.  The slice of Gyros at lunch today was great and the Potato & Bacon is surprisingly good.
2	What the heck? What happened here? It says "Same Slices" on the window, looks identical to Slices inside, it even still has the newspaper cutout of when Slices opened at Tempe Marketplace... this is no Slices though... It feels different inside and the pizza isn't quite as good. I'm so confused. I miss Slices.
2	I'm surprised I don't have a review written for this place. I definitely remember walking in after getting a coupon handed to me while my fiance and I were right outside the theatre. Being the extremely hungry people that we are, we decided to give Axxio Pizza a shot. We had previously already been to Slices, and figured that Axxio probably wasn't going to be all that different. Actually, we were wrong. Not because either of them are better, but because Axxio was just as bad as slices despite having a lot of cool options.The have really interesting topping combinations that result in a pizza that looks, sounds, and tastes really good on paper, but in reality the execution is poor. I would much rather prefer traveling to Venezia's to get pizza, or skipping the pizza altogether and getting Chipotle or Yum Yum's if I am at the movies. Sorry, but this slice isn't for me.
2	Nah, not a fan.  Yeah, the slices are big, but the toppings are meager on the pepperoni slices and it is just very plain and somehow I recall Slices was much more superior in flavor and quality.  It is crammed inside and the service was lacking.  THe kiddos we took today to eat there ate up their pizzas, but they were also very hungry... they did really enjoy the Jone's Soda we bought there.... that was about it.  Also, the name is stupid... Axxio?
2	Honestly I was not impressed. Pizza and salad were ok, but not delicious like you expect from a pizza place. Salad was pre-made and I had hoped for more.
2	I don't think I'd ever come here again.I mean it's in a convenient location and it's great that they have pizza by the slice but it just isn't great.I rather have slices then this place....I tried the pepperoni pizza and it was decent....I also tried this chicken bacon ranch and it was not the business....but thats what I get for experimenting lol
1	It was between this place and the gyro place next door Friday night. The pizzas looked good.  However, this place just rubbed me the wrong way.  I'm sorry but after looking and seeing that all of the pizzas were premade, sitting on a countertop, room temp...for who knows how long...ready to be tossed into the oven to reheat....that just turned me off.  It would have been one thing if the pizzas were veggie/cheese, but there were meat pizzas there too!  I passed on the food poisioning.  Gyros won.
3	Not bad for a quick slice.  There have several more "upscale" offerings and then the standard pepperoni and cheese for $3.00 a slice. Of course, they charge for ranch which is a bummer.  The staff was super friendly and helped me take my pizza out to a table outside since I had my girls with me.If you want a piece of cheap pizza this place will hit the spot.
4	we were just walking around tempe marketplace this evening, enjoying the fire places and looking at the decorations. walking by the food court made my stomach growl so we stopped into Axxio for a slice. i had the tomato and mozarella slice. it was rather large, and i liked the saltiness of the crust. the toppings were good but at about 4 bucks per slice, kind of expensive in my opinion.
2	It's fine for a quick meal, but not someplace I would seek out.College students will like it.  It is cheap, hot and there is a variety, but it is nothing special.
5	Don't know what's going on with the star rating here, but I love it. Seriously. I can't get any good "by the slice" pizza downtown. I come in here, get pizza, get a drink, and eat 2 slices with a soda for under 8 dollars. Quit your whining! The pizza is great!!!!
1	Dietary restrictions prevent me from eating here, but that doesn't stop me from doing a review. I was at Chipotle next door waiting to order when suddenly this terrible stench fills the air. It smelled like vomit or old, unwashed socks (and it wasn't just me who noticed, everyone started looking around wondering where the smell was coming from). The smell was located to two girls who brought their Axxio Pizza slices into Chipotle. While leaving, I walked past Axxio Pizza where I was yet again greeted by the vomit smell coming out of their building. It was nauseating. Maybe something was cooked too long or some spice was too strong, but pizza shouldn't smell like that.
3	All the mixed reviews on this place are cracking me up. For all those people who say it's just like Slices, or I rather have Slices or it's just as bad as Slices...... im pretty sure, it's owned by Slices! Personally I enjoyed this place. We went here on Saturday afternoon, right before our matinee movie. Yes the pizza is premade and half cooked, sat out, and then is finished cooking right before you eat it. If that doesn't sound good to you of course you're not going to like it. Personally I can't tell the difference in taste from a premade, then fully cooked pizza, to a pizza that sits in a car in a bag and then is delivered to my house. I like places like this because they have odd varieties of pizza to choose from like, Chicken Bacon Ranch, crazy veggies, or BBQ Chicken, everything is thin crust and its served nice and crispy!I don't think this place had jaw dropping, mouth watering, I crave it every day pizza, but if you're looking for a quick bite, and feel like pizza, I think it's a cool place to go to. The staffs is very friendly, it's super cheap, you can eat inside or enjoy the outside weather and the pizza to me is a solid 3 out of 5. Im not sure why this place is so love or so hate with the stars, so Im going to give it an A-Ok because it was A-Ok in my book and I can say I will come here again, because im not a fan of any of the other "fast food" places at this shopping center. Grabbing a slice before a movie.... PERFECT!
4	so I heard that this Pizza Place will be chaning their name soon to Slices.It doesn't matter both of their Tomato Ricotta Cheese Pizza are the best!
