3	Not the cleanest or most modern theater but the seats are nice even though the armrests are a bit hard.  I found myself fighting for elbow room with my date but that's part of the charm.   This is a decent theater.  Nothing special but it has 12 movies and it does the job right.My biggest complaint, which barely matters, is that the 18 and a half year old concessions guy was barely paying attention to what was going on.  But I guess I wouldn't be either if I was an 18 and a half year old movie theater concessions guy.  The manager standing next to him however didn't have any excuse.  This place could be a little better but at the end of the day, the do a "fair" job.  Hence 3 stars.
3	The theater has seen better days.  I used to come here during my high school days, and the line would get pretty long for premiers.  Nowadays, there are not to many patrons.  I don't mind this, because it allows me to have some peace during the movie.  However, they do need to hire a new cleaning staff.  Your feet will easily become glued to the floor if you keep them in one position.  All of the attendants seemed to be hating their jobs, but I really couldn't understand why.  For god's sakes they were all teenagers and the job is so easy.  The job is easy and you get to see free pictures.  Nonetheless, the movie experience is cozy enough here, but I would rather go to the Regal.
4	I saw the new Angelina Jolie movie here tonight, and it was my first trip to this theater. The movie was really good, which might have given me more positive feelings about the theater than it warranted, but I thought it was a great space. I was kind of expecting less, as I'd been a good Yelper and read the reviews before going.I liked it, even if it is showing its age a bit. The seating is steep, and the individual theaters are small, which makes for a more intimate feeling. I thought the staff was friendly and efficient. Concession prices are too high, of course, but they're no higher here than at anywhere else in Charlotte. The bathrooms were pretty clean, and it's kind of nice to be so near so many good restaurants. The Arboretum is a conglomerate of strip malls, but I love it anyway.
3	went here to see a movie after having lunch near buy. although appeared clean, it is in bad need of renovations. There is an odd smell throughout that I could not place but was annoying.  The paint on walls is "patch" fixed splotchy.  Staff was friendly, but come on it is 2011 lets update decor, carpet, paint etc. place smells like a old shoe
3	This is probably the closest theater to Matthews aside from the Cinemark 10 and Crownpoint... not my favorite places to see movies - plus the movie selection is limited.Arboretum was converted to stadium seating a while back, but they definitely did a better job about widening the theaters and building the seats up.  Crownpoint just seemed to add the stadium and not think of the rest (makes for awkward theaters).Not the most modern of the movie theaters in Charlotte, the facilities are kept clean.  I have never seen a men's bathroom where the wall of urinals is interrupted by 1 stall in the middle.  May have been a maintenance closet at one point, but it really weird-ed me out when I saw it.  Rather disorienting if you think about it.Enough of the bathroom talk.... seats are OK and I do like the set up of buying tickets outside (the traditional way) instead of going in through a ton of doors.  I always thought it was cool riding down HWY 51, being able to read the marquee to see what movies were playing that week.
5	I LOVE this cinema. CHUD.com isn't the best movie website in the world but it's damn good!
4	Definitely a fan of this place.  I love that it's not as crowed as Stonecrest.  The crowd is typically over 65 or under 16 years old -- definitely not the most popular theater for 18 and up but that's why I like it so much!  No crowds and good service.  We will definitely be back.
1	I only go here if I have no other choice. This place is filthy and outdated. The bathrooms are yuck and this whole place should be redone! Nasty!
