4	Ok, so I was walking around with nothing to do and hungry at breakfast time when I noticed they opened up two new restaurants. Which to choose, the Mexican, or the American so I just went to the one that looked the least busy and I'm glad I did.It's a walk up and order at the counter place, nothing fancy, and they call your number when your food is ready. The hours were 7a-3p according to the sign on the door so yet another place that is only for breakfast and lunch... you'd think someone would want to be open for dinner to cater to the people living in the building, but oh well. The Chorizo burrito had to be one of the best chorizo burritos I'd ever had. I grew up in Maryvale for f*'s sake, I know my Mexican food. I didn't expect anything here to really be good, but this burrito was freakin' awesome. For $2.99 you get a shit ton of food, and with an orange juice only cost me $5.25 out the door. Cant beat that price either. I recommend anyone who works or lives in the are to give it a shot. It's probably not worth a drive from the suburbs, but damn, one hell of a breakfast.
2	This might be a great place for breakfast but the lunch was very questionable. Much like like John V. I too was wandering around in the area and saw the two restaurants...and I also chose the less busy. Oops. The menu looks great...lots of fresh fruit salads and breakfast options, but this was lunchtime so I went with the chicken soft taco combo. It reminded me of nothing more than what I would get at a Fillibertos...but twice the price. The combo came with rice and beans (drink was separate) and my total was $10.38. Being a block away from Baja Fresh I doubt I will ever go back for lunch...but I'm giving it two stars for the potential of a great chorizo burrito.
4	In L.A., you see Mexican fast-food-ish-type restaurants who feel the need to offer you not only Mexican, but burgers and fries, too...at Acapulco, however, they've traded burgers and fries for sandwiches. I'm not really sure I get the whole Mexican-Sandwich Fusion concept, but I thought the food was pretty good nonetheless.I ordered the Chicken Cheese Quesadilla Lunch Special, which was pretty scrumptuous...and was actually quite a lot of food, particularly for lunch (which I love, cause I'm always complaining that lunch portions are too small...). The plate was kind of piled high with quesadilla goodness, and it came with a nice, big side of guacamole (I love guacamole...). The quesadillas themselves were dripping with grease a little more than I cared for, but besides that, no complaints...they tasted great (lots of cheese and chicken) and were especially good with a little guac smeared on top...mmmmm.....I'm sure I'll be back here again.
4	Great lil spot for a breakfast burrito. Nothing over the top or fancy. Sturdy furniture and some TVs. Oh they have a cool orange juicer thingy.::Disclaimer:: i started this review on the iPhone app. :)now that i'm home to "finish" my review..i just want to point out..this place is kinda like a very chill taquiria but super clean...i think you know what i mean.get on it..
2	I had jury duty today, so I was in the downtown area. Lucky for me, my sister happens to work downtown and was able to meet me during my lunch break. Unlucky for me, we decided to try out a place one of her coworkers recommended, and it was less than exciting. First of all, the menu is all over the place, they call themselves a Mexican grill (although they are more similar to a Filiberto's), but then they have a whole menu of deli sandwiches, not tortas, but deli sandwiches like BLT's. They also have chicken wings??? We wanted Mexican food, so we went with the shrimp tacos and the carnita taco special. Both came with 3 tacos, rice and beans, and at $8 a plate, I wouldn't really call this a good deal, especially since chips and salsa were an additional $1.99! My sister's shrimp tacos were just that, shrimp in tortillas....no toppings...no sauce....no flavor! My tacos were unappealing at first sight. I love carnitas, but I like the shredded kind, these were little chunks of pork, but upon first glance, I saw more chunks of fat than pork.....gag! These were topped with some chopped onion and cilantro, but I couldn't even bring myself to taste them. At that moment I was wishing that I had ordered the nachos, even though they use a processed cheese sauce rather than shredded cheese (why oh why?!). I did eat the beans, which were actaully quite good, they were creamy and not greasy. I didn't try the rice, but my sister said it was good; simply just white rice with peas and some seasoning. I ended up ordering a cheese quesadilla, because I knew I needed to eat something more than beans before heading back to jury duty, and it is was a pretty good; but it is not like a tortilla plus cheese takes much skill! I think this place needs to figure out what they want their identity to be....then tweak a few things on the menu.
1	I would stay as far away from this place as possible...caught the employees dumpster diving behind the building for plastic bottles to take and get $ to recycle.  I would seriously question the cleanliness of this establishment...eat at your own risk!  I will NEVER eat there after witnessing that!
