4	To really save at Kohl's, you gotta take the plunge and sign up for their credit card. But they make it worth your while and send you all sorts of coupons and discounts and whatnot. However, there is a learning curve of sorts...This is the second time I've had to go to their customer service department to correct things on my original purchase, but they made everything right pronto. Here are the salient things you need to know to claim your Kohl's discounts:1) When you get a sales flyer/magazine in the mail from Kohl's that says you can save an additional percentage off of the upcoming in-store sale, peel off the sticker to reveal your additional savings (usually 10%, 20%, or 30%) and BRING THE MAILER WITH YOU to the store. I didn't realize I had to do this once because I thought it would get deducted automatically when I used my Kohl's charge card... but no. I had to return the next day to get it resolved.2) When approaching the checkout at the Kohl's store, PRESENT YOUR ADDITIONAL DISCOUNT and/or COUPONS FIRST. I got an inexperienced cashier who never asked beforehand, rang up all of my merch, and then looked a bit flabbergasted when I dropped the discount code on her. She tried to key it all in again and even had a manager come over to approve, but actually only applied my discount to one of my many items. I came back the next day and got it resolved.3) It may take a day or two for new transactions to register on your on-line Kohl's charge card account. I like to pay my balance down to zero right-quick, but sometimes after I've had to correct a transaction with customer service, I have to wait for the balance to be updated.I'm not bothered too much by any of these issues (although it is why I'm only giving 4 stars and not 5), because I have found tremendous savings at this and other Kohl's stores. In my opinion, this Gilbert store has one of the better inventories in the men's department. I can almost always find my size and they seem to be very efficient about getting tried-on clothing refolded and back onto the racks.Case in point: I stocked up on polo shirts recently. Retail price came to an average of $36 per shirt. Kohl's Father's Day sale prices brought the average down to $17.15 per shirt. Apply 20% cardholder special discount and the price was $14.16. I've paid more for T-shirts at other stores! Total savings on this trip was $183.89.Kohl's put the "disco" in discount. Think I gotta dance now...
5	This is the best Kohl's in all of Arizona.   Terrific associates, clean store that is always in tip top shape. Who could ask for more ?  Thank you.
2	I've only been into this location a handful of times. Each time it has been incredibly messy, poorly organized, and unless I am looking for something in particular, I walk through and walk out.Poor quality for what you pay and inconsistent customer service paired with being put on edge with the amount of clutter is enough for me to stay away, no matter how many coupons you try to throw my way.
4	I only go to Kohls when I get an extra 30% coupon. I am a numbers person, so I know that I have to spend $71.50 pre tax to get down to my $50 subtotal after the 30% off to get my $10 Kohls cash. I bought 4 pairs of pants and an electronic toothbrush for $60 after my 30% off and saved a ridiculous amount of money. Of course, I only buy things on sale or on clearance as well. It;s also a great place for wedding gifts. I have tons of friends that are registered at Kohls so I am able to buy them a better gift with the discount. If you forget your coupon card, the ladies at the register are great about giving you the discount anyways.
3	Hit and miss with this store.  Sometimes I find everything I'm looking for and sometimes I find absolutely nothing.  What's interesting is that the cashier people are always so friendly, but you can't find a customer service person anywhere in the store.  If you do happen to find one, they won't know how to help you.
5	I saved alot and selections were great service was professional... a relaxed atmosphere if u want to take ur time to select the right items or go out with a bang.
1	I am beyond disappointed in the customer service I received at this branch.  I had a major purchase on one receipt with $20 Kohl's Cash.  When I returned a $39 sweater, they told me they would have to deduct the Kohl's cash and give me the $19.  So what if I put the sweater on another receipt?  I earned that Kohl's cash! I had to spend $100 to get that and they took it away just like that.  I can understand if I took the whole order, then take my $20 back.  If you ever shop here, be sure to put your Kohl's cash item on another receipt.  They will take that $20 back if you have ANY returns.  I am completely disappointed in Kohl's.
2	The night staff at this location leaves something to be desired. Maybe it was our bad for coming in within 15 minutes of closing to quickly check for a certain shoe for my husband. The cashier was extremely rude as we came in informing us they were closed. The intercom announcement that the store was closed (not closing) came 5 minutes before 9pm and the manager had already locked the door. This is the second time I've been here in the evening and experienced rude employees that seemed to just want to get you out of there. I've shopped at this Kohls many times during their holiday hours and always experienced cheerful staff even at night, it's too bad those people aren't there anymore.
5	The customer service here is top notch.   Both the cashier and customer service desk were very helpful with exchanging my pants that I bought (too big) on the website.   Also,  found a clearance shirt for $4,  and while I was in line paying,  some nice lady gave me her leftover $4.06 in kohl's cash! Free shirt??!! Can my day get any better?
3	You spend $50 at a location and they give you credit but if you don't make it there right before it expires then they won't honor it or bend it all. Considering Kohl's used to bend all the time to help out their customers by extending the courtesy of the discount if you left it at home or allowing you to use your Kohls cash one day after expiration, I am very disappointed in the cracking down. I understand that there is an expiration date but they used to honor it 1 to 2 days after it expired for the customers convenience. It is unfortunate that they have gone from being so customer friendly to so black-and-white.
1	if there was a negative star on here I would give it. This is the worst department store I have ever been in. Disorganized, a total mess, staff is anything but helpful.  Avoid this store at all costs.
