5	My girlfriend and I used to work in the area near Ardrey Kell Road a couple of years ago. We decided to take a little trip back down there and were pleasantly surprised to see how much it has built up. My girl was jonesing for Riccio's but it was Sunday and they don't open until 5pm. So we just happened to pass Lorenzo's and decided to give it a shot. We had never heard of the place but were pleased to see their menu boasting that they were voted Best NY Style Pizza in South Charlotte by the Charlotte Observer. We both went with some pepperoni pizza by the slice. I got two slices and my girl got one. This is actually an important detail. It took a bit for the slices to come out but they were piping hot so we were cool with it. The first thing that caught our attention was the crispiness of the crust. It was pretty much perfect in our book. The cheese and sauce were also good. Oddly enough, the pepperoni even made an impact. Most places the pepperoni just doesn't taste as fresh as it did here. It was so good that my girlfriend went back up to the counter and ordered a second slice which she made a valiant effort to finish but came up just short. The slices aren't as big as a Luigi's but are on par with Fuel. The only negative to us was the dining room was a little cramped but they had plenty of outdoor seating available. While we were there, some folks came in after church and were complaining about the price. They must not have gotten the memo they weren't at CiCi's. An 18" pie is $15 with each add'l topping being an extra $2. They have a Mon-Thurs lunch special with your choice of pasta w/ one main entree and garlic knots for $6.95 which I'd be all over if I still worked in this area.We were so impressed that we will probably be going back this weekend. I'd try something else but that pizza was so good that I have to get it again.
5	Having moved to Charlotte about 2 years ago from NY, it has been a struggle to find really good pizza.  There are many serviceable options, but no stand-outs.  Lorenzos is truly authentic NY pizza.  The place is clean, bright and open and the staff is attentive and friendly.  The place gets mobbed on weekend nights, but I think that it's worth the wait.  They have a nice thin crust as well as a sicilian (thick, rectangular) option.  The toppings are fresh and tasty.  Lorenzos gets my highest rating.
5	Best pizza in the Charlotte area.  Having lived in both NY and NJ, I've been looking for a place that reminded me of good NY-region pizzerias - Lorenzo's is that place.  Just the right amount of (good, not the overly sweet sauce the chains use) sauce, cheese, and the crust is perfectly crisp.  There's a large outdoor covered patio which is great for getting some fresh air while getting my lunch at Lorenzo's.They also just opened up an ice cream store next door (Stephen's Scoops) - Haven't tried it yet, but just the fact that they list an Egg Cream on their menu is reason enough for me to grab one with my pizza next time, and think I'm back in NY.
2	After seeing all the 5 star reviews I couldn't get to Lorenzo's fast enough.  Unfortunately the address listed for them in YELP took us to a residential address in Ballantyne.  When we called to find out their exact location, they indicated that the internet directions were incorrect.  In today's world of smart phones, I think that's something I'd fix pretty quickly.  When we finally arrived, we had a problem finding a decent seat.  Most of the empty tables were dirty and in need cleaning.  There was a game on that we wanted to catch on TV.  The good news is that they have a few around but not all of the tables are conducive to watching them.  As far as the pizza, we ordered 3 slices of 3 different varieties.  It appeared that they just plopped the raw onions, spinach, etc on top of a slice of cheese pizza.  Nothing fantastic about the taste either.  Maybe I don't appreciate real NY style pizza since I'm just a southern girl.  I don't know but I was disappointed it wasn't 5 stars in my book....
5	When I think of Lorenzo's Pizza, my first thought is automatically The Van B boys episode on Seinfeld. I've passed by this place countless numbers of times when I lived in Ballantyne but never thought of anything about it. When one of my friends who is from NY told me good things about it, I knew I had to make a special trip there to see what it's all about. I stopped by this afternoon around noon and the place was bumping! Noon in Ballantyne usually doesn't equate to bumping in my book but once I saw that many people there, I knew I made a good decision. They sell their pizza by the slice along with whole pies and had a wide variety of toppings for the slices like sausage, pepperoni, spinach with a white sauce and Sicilian! It's been years since I've enjoyed Sicilian pizza and didn't anything too heavy but bookmarked it for future eats. I got a slice of pepperoni and it was absolutely fantastic. The sauce woke up my taste buds, the grease sank into my mouth and it was gone in less than three minutes (folded up of course). They have a huge menu with standard Italian fare like calzones, homemade rolls, pasta, chicken entrees and a nice selection of desserts like cannolis, black and white cookies and Italian cookie baskets. They offer lunch specials Mon-Thurs too which looked like a good deal for under $7. Employees were super friendly and it felt like it was a neighborhood joint where they would remember you. Even though I live near Uptown, I will definitely be making another trip to Lorenzo's to try their other items. The question is though-To Sicilian or not Sicilian? I say it's going to be to!
5	Best NY style pizza in the area. The grandma pie is the best.
1	I took my mother here when she was visiting out of town.  She and I both love pizza, and this was by far the worst pizza I've ever had.  It was completely tasteless.  Not sure how I can't give it 0 stars instead of 1.
5	Easily the best NY Pizza in Charlotte. From the Jets and Yankee's stuff on the walls to Pizza that is similar to what you would find in any of the 5 Boro's. The food is also fantastic.  My only complaint is you have to show up knowing what you want, order, pay then wait. I would prefer table service, but hey, you can't have everything!
1	I went out to eat dinner here with my boyfriend before he had to go to work . The customer service here is " HORRIBLE " from start to finish . The gentleman who took our order NEVER informed us it would take 45 min. for the pizza I ordered to arrive to our table . My boyfriend ordered a pasta dish and it was brought out 20 min. after we sat down TOGETHER to eat . We now had been at the restaurant 55 min. I still had NOT received my pizza ! Not only did I not get to eat with my boyfriend I had to get my pizza to go after arriving an hour later when the order was placed. During the 55 min. time period we asked NUMEROUS times to speak to the owner and he FINALLY came out 5 min. before the pizza came out in the box to go . They only gave us a $10.00 gift card after spending almost $40.00 that night and having the worst customer service not only with the owner but staff as well . They kept saying the pizza is coming...the owner is coming....that's all we can do . The gentleman that took our order even lied and said he told us there was a 45 min. wait on pizza we he NEVER said that or we would have left as my boyfriend had to get to work and our time was limited for dinner . Even lied at one point and said he was a manager to quiet us . My boyfriend even asked for management and was declined saying they were too busy to come to our table ? Really ? Horrible customer service ! I felt like our WHOLE meal should have been comped as a result of their bad customer service . When the owner finally came out he gave us LESS than a minute of his time . A paying customer at that ! I've never had such an unpleasant dining experience ever ! The owner could care less how we felt or our standpoint as customers just get em' in get em' out attitude all we want is your money . I can't understand how they feel it is right to treat a consumer this way . Because of this they already lost three customers .
3	My family and I have been coming to Lorenzo's since they opened.  So, why only 3 stars?  After all of these years, I finally think I can write a justified review.  First I want to say that we love the Grandma's Pie..best in the city or maybe anywhere else.  If you notice, all of the previous reviews talk about the pizza.  So, I am going to talk about what they are not taking about..First - the wine is horrible.  I've suggested many times that they get better tasting wine and up their price.  Right now they charge $5 a glass for the worst tasting wine in the world.  It's gotten to the point, that if I'm in the mood for a drink with my pizza, I'm going to one of the other Ballantyne restaurants to have a good drink with dinner. Tonight we ordered the house salad.  Thinking back on the house salads recently, the tomatoes are not ripe and the lettuce is iceberg that is more white than green.  My son likes the kids spaghetti and meatball (one meatball), which is a good size for the child.  He also likes garlic knots.  These are not knots, they are pull apart rolls that have garlic and butter on them.  However, the sauce that comes with the garlic "knots" is very good.  Tonight we ordered the special, baked ziti with eggplant.  Unfortunately, while the ziti and eggplant may have tasted good..it was hard to tell since it was drenched in tomato sauce and one huge slab of mozzarella cheese.  The sauce was just ok and tasted like it was out of a jar with no seasoning.  How can you make a good sauce to go with the "knots" and not have good sauce on the ziti.  Thinking back to other entrees we have had, they were also drenched in sauce that could have been much tastier. We also had ordered the meatball parm sub.  This was done very nice - 6 medium size meatballs on a sweet soft roll.  So, to sum it up..if you are looking for a good pizza head to Lorenzos, but you'd better not want to have a good drink to go  a log with it..Just stick to pizza at Lorenzo's.
4	When I used to work in the Blakeney area I would eat at Lorenzo's regularly. The pizza is really good, the sauce is amazing which is really important to me. I recommened the Gramma!
4	Really good pizza and pasta. Pizza has great crust and great sauce.
4	Lorenzo's is right down the block from me, so we're always there for pizza. The pizza is very good--I like the lasagna slice as of now. The crust is thin and a little crunchy, and the cheese and tomato sauce is very good. The chicken marsala is also exceptional. I definitely would recommend it to anyone in south Charlotte looking for some quick pizza.
3	I wanted to love Lorenzo's but I left disppointed. It came highly recommended by a couple of aquaintances that are from Jersey and they said this is the best pizza they have found down here.  They recommended the Granny's pie which I thought was supposed to be on a thin round crust... however, the pie that they served us was a square one with thicker crust (Silcian perhaps?).  It was not my my fav pizza by any stretch of the imagination. The sauce was fresh though. What saved this from being a 1 or 2 star review was the really friendly service.  Every employee we came in contact with was friendly and helpful.
4	This was a pleasant surprise... I prefer thin crusts for pizzas, and they know how to do it! We tried the Granny's Pie and the Pepperoni, and both tasted awesome! Definitely going back for seconds...
4	Ok, we decided to give Lorenzo's another try tonight and this time we were not disappointed! For this visit, we decided to try their entrees -  and we both went for the chicken parm. This is a big dish - I definitely got 2 meals out of it.  The chicken was good, loaded with cheese and served with a nice fresh tomato sauce.  You can choose spaghetti or penne for the side which is also covered with the good tomato sauce.  They also served up some nice fresh bread.  The folks working here are very friendly and provide good service. If you are looking for good solid food in a nice but casual environment, this is a great option!
3	I like Lorenzo's ok.  The pizza is ok, the service is ok, all adding up to just ok.  I would love to get an explanation as to why someone in this God forsaken town cannot make a proper crust, like true NY style pizza.  To qualify, I am from NY Long Island by way of Brooklyn so that's my credentials.I am just reviewing their pizza and have not tried anything else.  I will say their sauce is probably the best I've tasted in the area.  When I first started going to Lorenzo's the person who mainly made their pies was good, but as usual the consistency has to be kept up as with all restaurants.  I saw they opened up a second location called Juniors so good for them.
5	When I first came down to Charlotte, I was looking for some good pizza, that I could compare to all the one's located on Long Island. Lorenzo's at first I wasn't sure about, but after having there regular and sicilian slices, i was hooked. Whoever says it's all in the water, is a fool. These guys figured it out. And there one of a few shops here that you can walk in and ask for a slice. Everywhere else, it's like asking a dumb question to get one slice ordered. Fuhghettabouit..Lorenzo rules.
1	Extremely average pizza at best, but average pizza usually would get two to three stars... Lorenzo's gets one star because their customer service is pathetic.I usually order from Tony's in Ballantyne, but we just moved to a house closer to Lorenzo's... so we gave them a shot. We had eaten there once a long time ago, and weren't very impressed. But again, due to proximity, we took another shot.My wife called in the order and when I picked it up, I forgot to tell the kid at the register that I had a Ballantyne Corporate card (20 percent off). He said he already ran my credit card and it couldn't be fixed. He said he'd asked the manager. Then this teenage girl who looked no older than 15 said she was the manager and that the computer couldn't change the charge. I happen to know this was complete bullsh*t because if people pay with credit cards and leave a tip, they re-run the new amount. Plus, credit sales can be canceled and re-run no matter what system you have. But, I guess the owner must be raking in enough cash to piss off the occasional customer while having ignorant prepubescent managers running the place.Save yourself the headache and get better pizza... go to Tony's or Libretto's.
5	Best pizza in Charlotte hands-down! After living here for 11 years, I have finally found a pizza place that I absolutely love. Amazing pizza and fantastic service!
5	Pizza came out hot & crispy tonight.  Service was good, the young staff seems happy to be working there by making small talk and always coming by to see if all was good.
5	I'm from NY, and this is the best pizza place I've had down here yet!  The mozzarella sticks are delicious and so is the sauce that comes with them.  My husband and I ordered a Grandma Pie--it was so good!  The sauce/cheese/basil ratio was perfect.  The crust was thin and crispy-not greasy at all.  I want to try some of their other dishes next time as I'm sure those will be great too.
4	It's big time trouble that I live across the street from Lorenzo's... The food is completely amazing!  I've gone with several people from New York who claim this is as good as pizza back home.  It's always hot, fresh and excellent - I have never had a bad experience with the food.  Definitely isn't too hot for your waistline but it's all relative. I'm big on customer service, which is why they are only getting 4 stars from me.  Most of the time, I'm greeted by the owners saying a robust hello but am served by un-energetic staff. There isn't a lot of urgency or attentiveness to customers.  The food makes up for it but I would love to see this change made.  Glad to have Lorenzo's as a neighborhood staple!
5	Best grandma pie around. Crust is thin and crispy. All around best pizza place in the area. They have online ordering which I think is great on those busy night where you just want to pick up.
3	Come for the pizza. Stay for the pizza.When I think of the south I don't think of pizza. When I think of restaurants trying to bring a certain style of regional food to a new region, I usually don't like it. However, Lorenzo's pulls it off. Their pizza was really good. I like my NY style pizza large and dripping with greasy goodness. That is exactly what the gave me. Only problem is the New York decor to force the patrons to think that they're in New York.
3	I went last night with my 4 year old who had a hankering for some pizza and I didn't feel like calling Dominos.  Being from Long Island I try not to eat pizza out because I'm always both disappointed and baffled why in the heck someone cannot make a pizza exactly how they do in NY.  There's plenty of people here from the northeast but yet nobody can do it.Lorenzos was very crowded and it is somewhat refreshing to find a locally owned business that is truly busy and seemingly making money.  Lots of customers standing around waiting to order and a waiting to get a seat.  The ordering / seating process is a mess.  Customers standing around with paper menus, a "half wall" with 2 cashiers and people on both sides and no direction on who is doing what and consequently I had no idea where to go.  I stood there long enough and a cashier finally corralled me and asked me what I wanted to order.  I ordered a few slices that I chose from the window and she had to call back and see if they had them to the many guys in the back (of course they had them I just saw them in the window!).  I was given 2 drink cups and a number.  Off to find a seat.  As I said, everything was pretty much full.  They have tables right at the entrance, and one opened up but with all of the people standing confusedly at the front door waiting for take out and standing their confused these tables were less than desirable.  I finally found one in the back after stalking a family that was about to finish first.  I felt like a parking stalker at the mall waiting for that perfect spot to open up.The pizza itself was OK.  I had a Sicilian slice and it was decently puffy as good Sicilian pie should be with a nice sauce and a good, thick layer of cheese.  The regular Pie was just meh.  No definable crust, but the sauce was good.  The regular pizza had been sitting a while in the window which baffles me with all the people there.  I guess they mostly get orders for whole pies so the slices get neglected.Overall, as my 3 stars indicate, it was OK.  I'll be back since it's close to home and the pizza is OK.  I will most likely go during the middle of the week since I want to avoid the swarms.
4	Every one of my visits to Lorenzo's has been devoid of any problems, and ends with my friends and I leaving full and content.  I usually only go with a group (as one would prefer at any typical sit-down pizza place) and split one or two large pies between us. I've always been told it's best to order a full pizza to be freshly made rather than to just get reheated individual slices, so if you want any tips at all, always go for that.  Anyways, anything from your basic cheese or pepperoni to chicken parmesan is fantastic; the pizza's crisp with just the right amount of everything.  Oh, and it helps that there's an ice cream shop next to Lorenzo's too, for afterwards.
3	I was visiting my Mother, who recently moved to the area, and we decided to order pizza and a salad. Upon arrival, the place was packed..which was a good sign. There appeared to be two lines, for ordering and pick-up, however a little disorganized. We ordered a Caesar salad and the White Pizza, 1/2 with grilled chicken. For me, typically when you order a salad for pick-up they do not dress it. Unfortunately Lorenzo's did, and with a lot of dressing. Needless to say the lettuce was soggy and it just didn't seem like the crisp Caesar that I love. As for the pizza, it was good. Huge, but cooked very well and I enjoyed it, somewhat similar to the New York style I have always loved. I look forward to going back, but will eat in next time.
5	one of our favorite places!! the food is SO good. authentic Italian.
4	The Stromboli is excellent! Order when you walk in and take a number to your table, they bring the food to you. Make sure you get utensils and drink refills when the food is delivered because the waitstaff is scarce.
4	Grandma's Pie is amazing.  Other faves:  the meatballs, chicken Parmesan, and even the garlic knots!   The cannoli are also very good (they are individually made to order).  Only downside: service is hit or miss.
5	Our family has eaten Lorenzo's pizza since they opened. It's without a doubt the best pizza in Charlotte!! We live in Gastonia now, and I often drive an hour plus to bring home their pepperoni pizza or their Grandma's Pie. I HIGHLY recommend ordering a large pepperoni!!
3	Good but not as hyped.
4	I called in an order Saturday night, and was told it would be ready in 20. I arrived and  the staff greeted me right away which was  appreciated. I was in and out in less than 3 min.  I enjoyed their delicious chicken parmesan sandwich. They did not skimp on the cheese and their sauce is really good. Just be sure to request a paper plate and napkins if you aren't bringing it home.   The bill came to a little over $9 which is fairly standard, it also was big enough for me to get two meals out of it if I wanted. While I was in and out quickly I did observe lots of families - it looks like a nice place to go after a game or if you want to enjoy the weather on the patio. I'd be curious to try their pizza as it looked delicious- NY style just the way I like : )
5	We stopped in for dinner after church. The pizza out fast. It was that gooey slightly greasy pizza that you know is going to be awesome and it was!!!You know that a pizza is good when your seven and three year old start eating and don't stop until their piece is done!!!
4	Good pizza. Good wings. Poor salads. A few bottled beers to choose from. A family friendly atmosphere but not super nice, a few small TVs, young friendly high school wait staff, nice owners. Slight advantage to Tony Sacco's but Lorenzo's is a close second in south Charlotte to get you jersey style pizza fix.
5	I just moved to Charlotte and learned that they deliver, the food is amazing.  There is no delivery fee which is amazing and they deliver much faster than others.  Everyone has been super friendly, it's worth every penny!  I highly recommend Lorenzo's to everyone.  The portions are enough where I always have left overs for a day or so.
5	Best new York style pizza in Charlotte!!!!!!! This is the ONLY place to get pizza from if you are looking for real pizza. Everything else is good too. Can't say one bad thing about this place
5	I have not found a great pizza place in Charlotte until now. This pizza is authentic, it's real "New York" pizza. I used to work at a specialized pizza place in college (SU), and using the best cheese that yields lots of oil and really good dough, make the pizza. Plus the owner is a Jets fan. Nice...Recommendation: it's worth the trip.
5	This place never disappoints. Grew up in Jersey and this joint is every bit as good as the best pizzerias I loved back home. Best pizza in Charlotte!
4	Crust was the perfect blend of crunchy and chewy. They have bottled beer and coke products on tap. They have a adjoining ice cream parlor offering authentic Italian ice and several  ice cream flavors. Tv's to catch the game on and out door seating.
4	Good NY style pizza. Crust was good, cheese and oil was perfect. Could have used a little more sauce on the pie.Garlic knots were great, and so was the dipping sauce.
3	Efficient and well run.  They move people in and out quickly.  But the pizza is nothing to write home about.  It's OK NY style pizza.  Those raving about it have clearly missed better places in Charlotte.  Luigis stands along.  Please like Librettos are a clear step above.  Even Brooklyn Pizza is a bit better than this place.  They deliver but a 16" pie with pepperoni is gonna run you $20 plus tip. Not an outstanding deal.  They only deliver weekdays.
3	Just average and uninspiring.  When Palone's first opened, under original ownership, their pizza blew Lorenzo's away. Sadly the last owners ran Palone's into tge ground leaving Lorenzo's as the closest non-chain pizza place. My kids prefer Domino's and I tend to agree.
4	Love their White Pizza! And the lasagna pizza is really good too. It keeps us coming back for more.
