4	My wife and I decided to pop in, spur of the moment one night.  We've noticed the place many times, but since its wedged between a motel and a bar, really never made it a priority.One of the first things you'll notice, is all of the celebrity photos which line the walls.  Legend has it that the owners were paparazzi in their previous lives, and these snapshots are their handiwork.  I can neither confirm nor deny this rumor.  You'll have to ask them for yourselves.I've never been to Tommy Burger out in LA, but my wife has numerous times growing up.  We were told their chili burger was very similar, and my wife said it was right on the money.  I tried it, and LOVED it.  The chili was thick and creamy, which made it cling to the meat.Jacquie (sp?) provided great customer service, and was welcoming and friendly.They also offer hot dogs, hot sandwiches (like pastrami and french dip), and a handful of dessert options (shake, malt, float, funnel cake, cookie melt).Wow, don't judge a restaurant by its location.  Not only do they have great burger fare, but their prices are pretty low.  They kept the menu small, offered fresh quality ingredients, which all adds up to a great burger joint.
4	Chandler needs this kind of burger joint. Had lunch there for first time today. Excellent chili burger with cheese, tasty "spud-cut" fries. Menu offers burgers, doubles and triples as well as sandwiches and shakes!!Just a casual, counter-service, eat in/take-out joint with friendly service and excellent burgers at great prices.Give it a try; no disappointments here.
4	Food is pretty good...hot dogs r excellent burgers are different and fries are homemade...this place has a lot of personality.  Really good service.
3	Stopped in for the first time this week.  The fries are excellent, the best fresh cut fries I have had in the valley.  The fries are worth going alone.  I had a double cheese burger, it was satisfying but I am not sure I like the 1000 island dressing.  I will try it without next time.  The place brews their own iced tea, too.  Closest thing to an old drive-in burger joint in the area.
4	Thanks to my dad who read reviews and was searching for a burger joint like Tommy's in CA - we gave this place a try during the Hamilton vs Chandler Football game last year.   Price was just right AND the food hit the mark (actually we liked it better).  We've tried to visit once a month since then and I'm willing to bet, today might be the day we get our fix :) I know my son's going to enjoy making his way to lunch here each week when he goes to CHS in the fall.
4	I ate here for the first time about a week ago, and now I'm hooked. (I've already been back twice since then.) It's the best little burger joint in Chandler, hands down. Excellent value and friendly service too. Just say "no" to the fast-food chains and support great local eateries like this one!
4	My son and I went yesterday and we LOVED it..We are on our quest to find the best burgers in chandler.. At first, when we arrived, we thought it was closed because it was after lunchtime..The place is next to chandler high so it was pretty empty because school was on break.  The owner took care of us and the place smelled amazing.  Its like a mom and pop shop.  We didn't know what to expect but wow..the burgers were  fabulous.  The fries were thick, meaty but not too meaty.  The burgers with the grilled onions were out of this world.  We left feeling full but not overwhelmingly full.  My son and I feel like THIS is our new burger joint!!
5	What a great double cheeseburger! Beats fat burger and coal burger! The fries are really good too. This is our new burger/fry/chili place. Its right near Chandler High School so it gets really crowded around lunch time M-F. Its small but clean
5	we were gonna go to In and Out but my boyfriend suggested this place and so glad he did! Very good hamburgers and the owner told me he makes his own all beef hot dogs as well so I can't wait to go back and try some good corn dog.
5	Fabulous burger joint.  We heard the burgers are similar to In-n-Out, but after eating here I can say they are even better.  Everything is fresh and made in house.  If you enjoy thick chocolate milkshakes you'll love Chili Billy's!  The service was exceptional.  We went on a Friday night around 6:30 and didn't realize they closed at 7pm until after we left.  We stayed until well after closing time and the owner never tried to rush us out of there.  We were highly impressed with the food and the service and will return.
5	We have been meaning to stop by Chili Billy's since moving to Chandler from Tucson a couple years ago.  Of course every time we think about it, it is already after their 7:00pm closing time.  We managed to sneak in tonight just before closing and am thrilled that we did.The burgers were great and they have really good frys.  I didn't try the hot dogs, even through they get rave reviews here, as they were listed as being Hebrew Nationals and I can make those at home.Parking is a bit of a challenge, but not really that bad.  I would highly recommend stopping by.  Of course we just discovered the place and are in the process of moving out of state.  Just my luck.
5	I am embarassed that it has taken me so long to review this tiny treet in downtown Chandler. We have been eating here for quite some time and should have said something before.As the name suggests, Chili Billy's has chili, but not your run of the mill chili oh no. The chili here is thick, somewhat spicy, and absolutely perfect on chili dog or burger. If you have ever been to the Los Angeles area and had a buger at the legendary Tommy's hamburgers then you know that they served the pinnacle of chili burgers in this universe. Except that Chilil Billy's is actually BETTER!Prices are low, the food is fabulous and the place is a tiny hole-in-the-wall joint run by a man that know's what a Tommy's burger is like, he just makes it better. And I don't have to drive all the way to L.A. to get one. Do yourself and your tastebuds a favor and give Chili Billy's a try.
4	Ha, I liked this place! This is a place you will drive by every day and never know it is here. I'm glad I stopped.I got the chili hamburger. Yum! I will say the pricing seems a little weird. If I remember correctly, it was the same price to get it with or without chili. So why not pay and get the chili!?
5	Best burgers in town....in all of arizona for that matter!!! who needs to drive all the way to tommys burgers in calif. When they are better and local keep up the good work Vince! signed sofie and daniel
4	Nothing special, but not short of a homie kind of place. I got a regular burger and fries. Im not a huge fan of fries, but these ones were pretty good. The chili burger is the same as the regular burger, same as the fries i believe. Pretty good deal there. Id go back if passing by for sure.
5	Love the food there and it taste just like Tommy's in cali nice and friendly place to eat me and my wife love the food there it is next to a Bar name the  480 also a motel.
5	Just a good burger and fries place..
4	My wife and I ate at Chili Billy's today after stumbling upon a review that stated that their chili burgers were similar to Tommy's in So. Cal.It was my first time there, so I decided to get a hamburger combo with everything and grilled onions and a side order of chili to dip my fries in.My wife ordered the chili burger combo.The fries were great!  They were crispy on the outside, and just perfect in the core.  You can really tell that they were not frozen pre-cut fries that came out of a bag.The owner came by our table and we chatted a bit.  He was friendly, but not overbearing.  He's a nice dude and he seemed genuine.  It's not like when a worker greets you because he/she has to because of company policy.  The chili is the perfect consistency and flavor for a side dish that will be used as a topping for burgers and fries.  It's slightly spicy.  Not so spicy that it would turn off people that don't like spicy food, but just enough to take notice.  I'd say that  Chili Billy's chili is better than Tommy's.  I know.. it sounds sacrilegious.  Tommy's chili leaves red oil on the paper that holds the hamburgers, Chili Billy's chili does not.Now to the burgers..  The owner said that his two favorite burgers as a kid were In-N-Out (regular) and Tommy's (chili burger).  You can really tell that the burgers he makes are a marriage of the two.  He informed us that he forms the patties himself every morning, and they are NEVER frozen.  We will be back to get our chili burger fix at Chili Billy's.
4	This spot is located on Arizona Avenue just south of Galveston.  Limited parking available in front on the street.  Not sure if there's parking around back or not.  Easy to miss if you're not paying attention.I had a double chili cheeseburger with fries.  The burger was excellent!  Very messy (it was a four napkin burger for me).  In addition to the chili on the burger, in comes with mustard, pickles and tomato. You can add cheese like i did.  The fries are very good as well - skin on and perfectly fried.  Good enough that I ate them without ketchup.  Prices are very reasonable.  My burger and fries were $6.75. The only room for improvement is the AC.  It wasn't a particularly hot time of the day here, but I was roasting inside.  I got my food to go, however, so the few minutes I had to wait was no big deal.  All in all, really like this place and will go back for more!
4	Heaven in a bun.
5	Wow, has it really been over 3 years since I've been to CB's?  Finally went back today, double burger & fries were AWESOME.  I will be back much sooner next time!
3	I'm really on the fence about this one.Ordered a double burger (think In and Out double double), hot dog, fries, and two sodas.Burger good, but I'd probably prefer a double double since  I can get one in AZ.Hot dog was good, but not remarkable.Fries were good.  Fresh cut and crispy. Restaurant is located in one of the older buildings in Chandler.  It was reasonably clean but the air was think with grease, so clearly there were/are some ventilation problems.Price wise it seems to me I spend less at In and Out for roughly the same meal...albeit no hot dog.I'll probably try it again, just don't know when.
5	After growing up in SoCal and having Tommy's chili burger whenever we wanted it was a shock when we moved to AZ 9 years ago to not be able to have a Tommy burger anytime we wanted {or needed like after a night of drinking} Well I think all that has changed now that we 'discovered' Chili Billy's! I think it's as good as Tommy's but my wife thinks it's even better than Tommy's. He definitely has an excellent recipe and the chili works so well for a chili cheese burger I can't wait to go back!  I almost forgot the fries, they are the some of the best I've ever had anywhere!The owner was very friendly and talked with us about how he started and other items he had on the menu, the pastrami sounds really good. {Sorry but I forgot his name}
2	Okay, so I was craving a good burger.  So Got on Yelp as I so often do.  I found this place.  After reading the reviews I was sold. I mapquested and was on my way.  I agree with the comments about the inside of it but I know that sometimes the best foods comes from hole in the walls.  I ordered a double with chili and cheese combo.  Driving home I was excited.  Upon taking my first bite, I must say that my expectations far  exceeded the taste.  The chili was so bland...it just kind of coated my tongue.  I tried another bite and couldnt really distinguish that it was indeed chili that I was eating.  The burger itself was good...it reminded me of in and out burger.  I scraped the chili off added some salt.  And was still not impressed.  All in all it was a decent taste of beef and although I didn't like the chili at all...I would go back and just order a cheeseburger.  The fries were okay...they looked a bit like that had been sitting and then refried.  In and out are definitely better and you can tell that they are fresh,,,these not so sure!  Maybe this batch of chili wasn't up to par but it's a NO for me!  Now back to trying to eat the rest of this burger.......
5	I'm a big fan of this place already but I just wanted to add a quick note about a new item I just tried. I've eaten here several times and always ordered the same thing, chili burger and fries{always great} but today I tried the hot pastrami and it was outstanding! The roll was soft and fresh and the pastrami was lean and tender 'topped' with mustard and pickles it was delicious. I think some larger restaurants could learn a thing or two about food quality from this little burger shack, the owner {Vince} really cares about what the customer thinks of his food. I thinks that auditude is really lacking in some large restaurants.P.S. do yourself a favor and try a hand made shake you won't regret it.
1	Closed....now a chicken shack!!!
