5	Love the Velashape treatment. Works wonders for last minute summer bodies. Key location, great staff. Will be recommending for all my cocktail waitress friends.
5	Went in for my first laser facial... Love it!! My skin looks amazing!! Elenir was so helpful and patient with me.  I will be recommending to friends :)
5	Silk Skin spa is the best! I've always had very painful laser experiences in the past but the laser at Silk Spa uses is AMAZING pain free! Ive also been fighting acne for several years after a few laser sessions i notices a huge difference in my skin and scars I'm definitely going back to them next time I'm in Vegas! Thank you Silk Skin Spa!
5	Really pleased with my facial treatment , Elenir is a great technician, defenitelly going back and will Try the laser hair removal. I felt I was in good hands!! Thank you Silk skin.
5	Elenir is the best, she is very patient with me she makes laser treatment so pleasant and for sure I am going back to see her. I do recommend the laser treatments for people with acne it really helps.
5	I just got my laser facial from SILK SKIN LASER SPA and I am seriously addicted to it! My skin has never looked so good! Can't wait till my next treatment. The medspa and staff are very professional as well Thank you Lisa and Elenor!
5	You name it I've done it here at Silk Skin Laser Spa. In the process of having Elenir remove my tattoo (doesn't hurt that bad), remove spider veins, hair removal and Vellashape. I love everything this spa has to offer and they take care of me with such love. Thank you so so much for getting me summer ready.
3	Satisfied w/results, tech was pleasant enough during procedure, but dealings seemed..questionable?  Rescheduling attempts, even with 5 days' notice treated with reproachfulness.  They also forgot to make the change, so I was given attitude as if it had been my error.  Tech texts me late night before correct appt to "make sure" I didn't miss this one,  with insinuation that the "missed" one was my fault.  When I arrive, after again encountering some reproachful attitude, they have me down for a different procedure altogether.  A few weeks  later I'm texted w/a reminder for an appointment  I definitely didn't make.  To add to all of this I was charged for a service I didn't receive, and had to involve bank as the tech claims didn't charge me.Summation: Decent results, but a headache to deal with.  Not worth it.  I can deal with errors here and there but didn't care for the way they were handled. :/
5	Elenir is the BEST in town!! I have lived here my entire life and has been getting treatments for about 6 years at different spas but will never go anywhere else again. On a personal note Elenir is one of the nicest and most patient people I have ever met. She even gave me some free tips on the best kind of skin care products to use at home, not even trying to sell me crap I don't need, just making great suggestions based on her years in the industry. Very much appreciated when everyone else in town just wants to squeeze money out of you.
