5	These folks are the best!  I have had to add a garage door opener and was thinking about having new garage doors installed as the ones I had were just the thin metal doors and wanted something more substantial and energy efficient.  Rather than the cost of installing new doors, they recommended insulator kits.  They installed them the next day and what a diffeerence they made.  The garage door opener works great and they even programmed all my remotes to work on all the doors.  Also took the time to show me how to do it if I needed to in the future.
5	First one to review? Ok then. my garge door broke, after surfing the web a few minutes I was able to determine(with some certainty) it was the trolley. I pass this place all the time but didn't know if they sell parts or just install new units. Went in the guy saw what I had in my hand from 10 feet away. Told me to throw it away and pulled a new one off the shelf. He showed me what had broke, gave me a 30 min install instruction, rang me up, and threw in a free pull and lube (not what you are thinking sicko, for the trolley). 5 mins later my garage door is working better than before. I like local businesses, but better yet businesses that know their shit. Online the guy paid $80 for the part and $120 for labor, I did mine for just a hair over $30.
1	I have used Lincoln to service my garage door since the early 1980's.  I have always had excellent service from them until this October.  The cable had come off the drum, they sent a guy who fixed that and then proceeded to squirt lube (grease) onto the drive shaft.  He put so much grease on the shaft that it started to drip down on the garage floor in ugly black spots.  The outside of the garage door started showing oil spots where the too generous use of spray lube had gone from the inside hinges to stain the outside of the door in multiple areas.  I tied to clean this up with kitty litter on the floor and washing the outside of the garage door only to have the outside spots reappear, and more grease dropping on the garage floor. I also did my best to wipe excess grease from the overhead head drive on two occasions, but it kept dripping. Well, of course the grease got tracked in to the wife's carpet leaving black grease marks on a beige carpet.  Mama's not happy!!  So I called Lincoln.  Spoke with Bryan who said he was the owner.  I explained the situation and he was absolutely unsympathetic.  Instead, he blamed it on my garage door opener?!  "those shaft drives are a piece of junk!  they are  puke!  you need to replace it with a new belt drive" blah , blah.I explained that I wasn't asking for him to clean the carpet (my wife got down and scrubbed the spots out herself) but just to clean the excess lube (applied by his technician)  up so it wouldn't drop any more on the floor.  He said he would have to charge me for the time it took to do that!  I object to paying extra to correct a mistake that should not have been made in the first place.  I will not use Lincoln for any future needs and will advise my friends to avoid them as well.  If you have a problem with them, do not expect Bryan , the owner, to stand behind their work.
5	OK, I'm rescinding my review of 12/16/2013. Bryan, the owner of Lincoln, and I talked and worked things out to our mutual satisfaction. Bryan came out in person saw the problem and made it right. The remaining excess grease was removed from the track and since the outside of the garage door was not able to be cleaned completely, Bryan made arrangements to have it repainted.  The painters finished today and it looks like new! I  am pleased enough to be ordering a replacement opener from Lincoln Garage Door.  Thanks for coming through !
5	I have been using this family owned business (3 generations worth) for over 19 years. Over this time period they have serviced my door,  (Steve) installed new remotes and have been very helpful and prompt in their service.This week it was time for a new door (the original being installed in 1965).  Their sales associate (Shane)  came out to discuss options and left numerous brochures about different products including the motors that operate the doors.I made a selection, scheduled the installation date and it all went like clockwork.I LOVE my new garage door, so quiet, so attractive and Buddy (generation 3) spent time explaining all the functions that come with the system including internet apps.I highly recommend this company and they will always be my garage door company for anything under the sun related to garage doors!!!
5	I have to agree with the others- excellent company.  I used them before to do a garage door maintenance I bought through AAA.  The worker at that time told me whomever installed my new door a few years ago put the wrong spring on and it would eventually be a problem.  Having already paid for the visit I said I would wait and see what happened.  Guess what, he was right, spring snapped and garage door becomes a wall.  Decided to try them for repair since the other company I used apparently did not install it correctly.  I'm glad I did.  My wife called Friday morning, by the time I got home in the evening it was a functioning garage door again.  They even repaired/reinforced the track I screwed up forcing the door up to get my car out.  They accepted payment over the phone since we couldn't get home in time.  Next time I need anything related to this they will be the first call I make.  Great service!!
5	I called Lincoln and talked with Jay about a replacement belt for my Opener. He rec amended I call Chamberlin directly to see if I can get one under warranty even though my opener was made in 1999 and I'm not the original purchaser. To my surprise, Chamberlin is sending me a new belt for FREEEEE!!!!  Thank you Jay. You saved me $100!!! Thank God there are still people in the world who run their businesses with honesty and integrity!
