5	Guitar Tree has an eclectic collection of rare and collectible guitars.  Their prices are reasonable, the customer service is excellent, and their love of guitars and music shows through the interactions they have with their customers.  Thanks for the gold top Les Paul, fellas.  It is amazing.
5	This place has some really unique guitars that you will not find anywhere else... They also have a really great tech named Doug, who does amazing work and is very easy to work with. I highly recommend checking it out.
5	I've spent endless hours walking around Guitar Center trying to find a guitar that sounds great, looks great and fits my budget ( about $500 ). I walked into the Guitar Tree with the intention of browsing and walked out with the perfect guitar! The staff was friendly and they have great products. I recommend everyone gives this place a chance before making their next guitar purchase.
5	great shop!!! nice guys!!! they know their guitars and are always helpful. I would recommend them over any other shop in the valley!! love the Guitar Tree!!!
5	If you're looking for some strange and awesome guitars this is the place! Their guitar tech is also great and very fast had my guitar set up in a day!
5	I had been shopping for a guitar for my daughter around town and doing my homework on the Internet when I saw this place advertising on Craigslist. I took the time to stop by and am so happy I did. The staff was immensely helpful and I ended up walking out with two guitars, cases and a recommendation for lessons for less than I planned on spending. Thank you Guitar Tree
5	I broke my acoustic guitar string early Saturday morning. Called revolver records store and they sent me here for strings. I rode my bike up here, nice little house, that's the business. Can't miss it, big sign. Cool people greeted me, no douche musician types that don't want to help you. We chatted as they rung me up. They told me they also carry vinyls here as well. Good prices, I'll be back!
5	I love this place! I've sold some stuff at Guitar Tree and it's always hassle free. They always offer such good trade value that it's hard not to walk out of there with something. I've sold a few things at Guitar Center and was a bad experience. Guitar Center endlessly tests whatever I'm selling and they scrutinize over ridiculous details then typically low ball..there's all kinds of paper work involved and it takes forever. Guitar Tree knows what you got, knows what it's worth and you're in and out with a hand shake. I also noticed that most of the used guitars there are "set-up" well and are easy to play right off the wall. I live 25 minutes away but don't mind the drive at all..enjoy going there!
5	These guys are great! Very friendly and patient.  I could tell they truly cared about helping musicians of all abilities find what they are looking for.  My personal experience: last week, I had bought a builder Japanese guitar, but was of a more rare configuration on a black Friday impulse buy.  Nothing wrong with it at all, just something I found was beyond my ability to do right, but would be perfect for a veteran guitar tech.  Anyway, I brought it in to Guitar Tree, and they gave me a better than fair trade on it, for a complete and working, almost new looking and great sounding stratocaster.  I am very happy with not only the guitar I ended up with from Guitar Tree, but I think the guys there couldn't have been more helpful and treated me right!  I highly recommend them.
