4	When it comes to Pet-centric megamarts here in the valley, you have two choices that I know of, PetSmart and Pet Co.  For my money, I tend to find better deals at PetSmart and they carry a better selection of the oddball stuff that I tend to care most about.  When I was moving into my new place, I was concerned about both the new furniture and the light colored carpet.  I have 2 longhair cats who shed like it's going out of style.  One is black with a reddish undercoat, the other is soft tortie / grey tabbie.  Between the two, we have enough colors to show up badly on any type of furniture or carpet you can imagine.Employing my internet research superpowers, I discovered the Furminator, which is hands down the BEST shedding tool I have ever seen.  I was able to pick one up at my local Petsmart, along with a bottle of Simple Solution Allergy formula cat cleaner.  And it turns out they even stock the softclaws brand kitty nail caps that I have to keep on my Maine Coone to prevent him from destroying every fabric surface in existence.Go Team PetSmart!
2	I used to love going to PetSmart with my boys (dogs) and being able to shop together. I love their food selections and its the only place I will get my pet products from. Now I dread going in there though. The customer service people are in my face asking if I want to get my dog groomed or trained or whatever other services they want to put in my face and they make it hard to even get past the front door! Most of the time I do not want to spend a lot of time in there so when this occurs I am really out of time by the time I even leave the front door! I am a dog trainer and my friend is  a groomer I do not need services, I just need my dog's kibble!
4	I've been in this branch several times in the last few days. Each time, their service came with a smile.  They don't have some of the healthier brands of food to choose from.  But I found some really good deals on cat toys.  They facility was clean and uncluttered.  Very easy to shop and look around in.  I didn't feel pressured by the staff.  But then again, I didn't have my companion with me.  They were friendly, but left me alone, which is just the way I like it.
1	I spent $30 per dog tag on two tags that were guaranteed to last. Well only one of them made it, the other one fell apart. I called to see if they could just remake the one that broke since they told me it would last. The other one I bought for my other dog is still in perfect condition.   I don't live super close to this location anymore and the petsmart by me doesn't have this new machine to make them. The manager wants me to come in and show it to him so that he can tell me if it's worthy of a replacement or not because people lie to him and he can't take it back if it was abused. ok, first of all. my dog weighs 4 pounds, how in the world could she abuse a dog tag? second of all, just because some customers have lied to you in the past doesn't mean that I should be punished and be treated like a liar as well.  I spend lots of money at petsmart every year. I don't think it's appropriate to make me drive all the way to your store so that you can figure out that I am not a liar. In this case, the manager has all the freedom to decide what he wants regardless of the truth. I would be out gas and time if he chooses to say I abused a dog tag or for whatever reason he wants to make up so that he doesn't have to replace $30.I will go in for the last time to fight for my replacement and that will be the last time i step into a petsmart. I will find a new store to be loyal to and spend my money where it is appreciated and they don't assume i am a criminal. It would be much wiser to replace a dog tag and earn my respect and loyalty than to lose me as a customer. but maybe they are just doing so fabulous in this economy and don't need my money. i doubt it. so if you see someone raising hell over a stupid dog tag- its probably me. i will never go down without a fight, LOL! get over yourself, petsmart.
4	A large portion of the household income is pumped into this store. We have two large dogs (a boxer mix and a mastiff mix) that need to be fed, treated and played with. Petsmart is the one stop shop to get that all done with the convenience of being a short drive from the house. I know there are many specialty pet stores or boutiques that carry the things I need but when I don't have the time to run all over town I just hit up Petsmart and pay the higher prices so my dogs can be happy in a hurry. I have attended two courses of the training program that proved rather successful. My pup learned the basic commands... sit, stay, leave it. The trainer was kind and patient with both dog and owner. I would recommend the course to anyone with a new dog. It is rather inexpensive and, let me emphasize this again, convenient.
3	I have very mixed feelings about this PetsmartTheir prices are reasonable and products are fine. They always have nice clearance items. I was able to purchase a very nice $100 birdcage for $10 and some PetHead for $5 on one occasion. Their fish department is mediocre but the staff has always been very friendly and knowledgeable. Each employee has answered my questions flawlessly and didn't try to just sell me product.But that being said, their grooming salon is horrible. I hate to say this because I really wanted to like it. I had my lhasa apso groomed here three times. I kept going back in hopes that it would be better because it's so close to my home.The first time the girl gave her a much shorter cut than necessary. I could understand if she were matted, but she wasn't. The girl even said, "Oops I guess I wasn't supposed to shave her, was I?" The second time the guy returned my dog only to tell me that she was very sensitive in her behind area. I told him that she most likely needed her anal glands expressed. He gave me a disgusted face and told me that they don't do that. Hello...that's PART of dog grooming. It says in your brochures that it's included.The third and final time, everything seemed to be okay. I made sure to tell the girl the exact cut I wanted and remind her to express the anal glands. Everything seemed just fine. Then as we're walking out of the store I realize that there's a trail of blood behind me. I looked my dog over to discover that one of her nails had been cut down so far that it was bleeding. This wasn't a tiny misclip that would just hurt a little. I'm pretty sure she got down to the vein. I had to take her to the vet because the bleeding was so bad. When I complained to Petsmart they did offer me a free grooming next time but honestly why would I want to go back to them after that? The first two times were whatever, but physically hurting my dog means I'm done. That all being said, this is a good location for everything else. Just don't get your dogs groomed here. Seriously.
3	I should start by saying that I probably wouldn't shop at PetSmart, if it weren't for my vet pushing me to feed my cat healthier food that you can't find at stores like Target.Overall, It's a fine pet store. It's well stocked and clean. But there's just one major issue I have with shopping at this PetSmart. The store is always understaffed. Every time I've gone in (and it's almost always at times the store isn't really that busy) there's only one register open, and there's always a customer who's having a problem with the sale. Then, the only other employee is running around trying to help the cashier take care of whatever the problem is. I hate waiting in line to give someone my money. This location needs to learn how to move it along.
4	I like this Petsmart location because it is really new and hardly ever busy. Everyone is very nice and for the most part pretty knowledgeable. Petsmart isn't always the cheapest place but with cats and a dog it's more convenient to pay a few bucks more and get everything in one trip.
3	This PetSmart is located in Tempe Market Place, which is always busy and crowded, however it is at the end of the mall next to the entrance closest to the 101. Due to it's location you can usually avoid the traffic associated with everything else. The location is clean and well stocked with items at a reasonable price. I haven't had the opportunity to use any of their additional services so I can't rate them, but all in all in terms of a shopping experience I've had no issues.
4	Petsmart is where the Pest fart and Petco is where I just don't go because they are expensive as Poop. Sorry that's how I remember, always get the two confused same with Office Max and Staples. I never know which one I am in. But the fish lady knew a lot and helped me achieve my goal, she also told me about how she sleeps in the bed with a python and this is not a joke.
3	OVERALL: Gets the job done.THE GOOD- They're well stocked in the necessities with a large variety of... everything.- The service is generally pretty good.- Lots of friendly customers bring in their dogs so my pup gets some socialization. The store is also very clean, despite all the animals roaming around.THE BAD- They're *not* well stocked in the seasonal or "designer" stuff. For example, I got a new puppy and loved the Martha Stewart line, but half of the things I needed in his size or other accessories were out of stock, or they simply did not carry. Their selection seemed incredibly arbitrary.THE UGLY- Their prices aren't great. You can get better deals online but I like the convenience of going into a store and leaving with what I need.
5	Any store that helps rescue animals find adoptive homes is a store that I will continue to shop at and this Petsmart does just that. They have regular adoption events here saving animals' lives. Thank you Petsmart. I am a customer for life!
4	Friendly staff here with well-stocked products.  They carry some good quality guinea pig and rabbit foods from Oxbow, which is very nice.  Making returns are easy, and whenever I bring my dog here the cashiers always give him a milkbone to go!
1	We recently took our dog to be bathed and have his nails cut.  Overall, that part of the experience was fine.  The problem with my experience started from when I dropped him off.  We had called a couple days ahead and made an appointment for or dog.  I arrived 10 min early since it was our first time there and figured they'd ask a few questions and get him into their system.  Over the phone they told us that it would be about an hour for everything.  So as they were taking our dog back, I ask, "so just come back in about an hour". The staff member informs me that it would more likely be 4 hours.  I left my mobile number and they said they would call when he was all done.  5 hours later we called, not them, and they informed us that our dog was ready to be picked up.So, my ultimate problem here, and why I will not return to have my dog groomed at this store, is that I made an appointment and it took longer than they initially indicated.  If you make an appointment, that should reserve your spot and they should take care of you at that time, not 4 hours later.
1	well, i called to get my border collie an appointment for grooming today, which they said they had available, i gave them my information and they asked to place me on hold; i held, and held, and held. no big deal. but when they were back on the line, they informed me that the groomer "didn't feel like grooming a larger dog." great business model guys. i guess i'll stick to my usual petsmart on elliot- they're further away but far more accomodating.
4	Within the past two weeks, my boyfriend and I have been to this Petsmart nearly every day and have interacted with almost all of the employees (as we have been in at all times of the day).Honestly, we didn't go into Petsmart with particularly high hopes. To be clear, the lack of expectations is not a reflection on this store or on Petsmart as a general whole, but Petsmart isn't a place that I go looking to be pampered.That being said, I have to give a shout out to this store's group of employees (especially the two girls in the fish department) who have been overwhelmingly helpful on each of our visits. The two fish tank specialists have started to recognize us, and always greet us by saying "You're back!"Here is a list of other things that have pleasantly surprised me about this Petsmart (and you know how I love lists):1. These Petsmart employees always make themselves available. Unlike other pet stores, where the majority of your time is spent milling around looking for someone to help you, in this Petsmart enough employees work each shift so that if you need attention, you will get it.2. This particular Petsmart is very, very clean. I have yet to see a mess of any sort. They also have a nice cleaning regiment for their fish tanks, which always look nice anyway.3. When we decided to invest in a 10 gallon tank starter kit, I misplaced the original receipt. I was able to go back into the store, and because i had used my Petsmart Perks card (or whatever they call it), the store manager was able to print out a duplicate receipt, even though the transaction was from three to four days prior. Thumbs up!4. We bought two african dwarf frogs and a ghost shrimp from Petsmart, who are  happy and healthy since we brought them home and set up the tank.5. The prices here on MOST of the items we were looking for were better than the competition.Overall, I have been very, very pleased with the selection at Petsmart, and will be returning today for a few more things. I'm rating 4 out of 5 stars because some of the items can be found cheaper at Petco (which is the same distance from my home as Petsmart) and that the "pet guarantee" for fish is only 14 days at Petsmart. It is a whopping 30 days at Petco. Please note, that both of these "gripes" have nothing to do with the employees, who are a delight.
4	I love this Petsmart!It's in a great, convenient location with plenty of parking.  I can pop in here while I'm doing shopping everywhere else so it is not out of my way.  The store is always uber clean so I don't feel bad about bringin the ole' pup here.  You know, you've been into stores where you don't want your own dog touching things. Sick. The staff is incredible here!  I've been here a million times and they're all super friendly and helpful.  I swear they all know what's up in this place.  Fleas? No problem.  Dog outfit?  Funny, I'm actually a personal shopper for pets.  Bath soap?  Allow me to show you where that is.  Pet hotel? HA! We have that in the back. This is a great spot to go for your pet and they always have really cute seasonal outfits.  Oh, and don't forget....when checking out make sure you donate to the homeless pets! :)
1	This place sells sick pets. We bought a guinea pig from there and the very next day were noticing that it was displaying signs of being sick. We shouldn't have been surprised because they kept at least 9 guinea pigs in one cage.
5	This is a great location. They always seem to have the most customers who bring in their pets, which makes for a fun and adorable shopping trip. They have pet adoptions regularly and are usually running a sale. If not, they have tons of clearance items available. Get a Pet Perks card to save even more money! Beats Petco any day!
4	My daughter loves shopping for our cat here.  Staff is always friendly and knowledgeable.
4	I come to this PetSmart all the time with my dog. He absolutely loves it here. The sales associates are always very nice to him and give him treats at the counter when we check out. their selection is not the best compared to other PetSmarts I've seen and their shelves can sometimes be a bit sparce. I like the Martha Stewart collection items they carry, but some of the other stuff can be rubbish. Another thing I've had a problem with here is that it is hard to find natural pet treats and food here. I couldn't find one treat that just had meat in it...They all had some sort of preservative or filler. I guess that is a corporate call and not this individual location's fault. I've recently discovered the Zuke's treats that are made in the USA and are better for your pets, but just go elsewhere for chews etc as I kinda don't trust them. For toys, clothes, collars, leashes, etc. this is a perfect place to go. It also makes for a fun outing for you and your furry friend. If you are looking for something healthy for your dog I would try somewhere else.
4	We (me, hubby, kids, and  Bruno - the dog) come here often. We were able to adopt Bruno from my mom-in-law and wanted to make sure he had fun toys, good treats, and wanted to get him into some training. I talked to Billie about the beginner training course and wanted to get him start asap. The first day of training was hectic because there were so many hyper/anxious dogs. But she split our classes up so there would only be 3-4 dogs in each class and gave us all an extra session. I like that she called us to see how Bruno was doing. She also has a calm demeanor about her. She is someone I'd like to hang out with outside of there because I think she's cool. ***anywho***Bruno was already a good dog, but her tips on being patient with him and training have helped a lot. I feel it was worth the $109/6 weeks because we have seen progress. We will definitely be signing him up for the Intermediate classes sometime this summer or beginning fall season for sure. *** *** *** *** *** *** *** *** *** *** *** *** *** *** *** *** *** *** *** *** *** *** *** *** *** *** NOW ON TO THE STORE:Everyone we have talked to so far has been nice. We actually came to this location when we had our pet rats (R.I.P. Midnight & Shadow) and our cat (Brucey-no he didn't kill the rats!). I tried to go to Petco and felt PetsMart's store and products selection was better. They ALSO price matched coupons and advertisements I got from Petco back in the day. HUGE PLUS IN MY BOOK! The staff aren't a bunch of clueless people. They know their stuff. The few times I had someone who didn't have an answer they either A) would find someone who did OR B) would actually look it up and get back to me. When we got Bruno he had a horrible undercoat he was shedding. We asked a young lady (I believe her name was Tina) from the grooming area brought out her brushes and showed us which one might work for him. She gave us a list of prices for the grooming area too. But I like that she didn't "push" us to make an appointment. She had 3 different brushes/combs and said which one she would suggest. She was nice and let Bruno get to know her so he would feel comfortable with her grooming him. I really appreciated that too. We have a pet store we prefer to go to, BUT this location is cool. The staff is helpful and we will continue to come here whenever we feel the need. :-)
4	Awesome employees, they carry the Oxbow brand if you have guinea pigs. This is an excellent brand of food and hay that they also carry in veterinarians offices. I went all over to specialty stores looking for oat hay, dealing with cliquey stores that had no idea what I was talking about. I come to PetSmart and they have it. I needed this specifically for a sick piggy that needed low calcium fiber.
3	I miss my old Petsmart in Avondale but this one is just as good. I took my maltese for grooming and they did a nice job, although I wish she would've smelled better when she was done. The grooming area is a little unkempt and felt like it was crowded. I think if it was placed in the front of the store like the other Petsmart it would've been kept a lot nicer. The selection of dog treats is just a little overwhelming but that's a good thing! Oh and you get lots of good coupons with every purchase.. They also have adoptions every Saturday and I just want to take them all home with me :)) Overall this is a good Pet store for your furry friends :)
3	The store is clean, fairly well-staffed, and prices are competitive. I love that they do cat adoptions and provide enough space for the cats. For my cats and fish I am always able to find what I'm looking for and more. Check out is usually a breeze.HOWEVER, the past 5 times I've been in the store in the last few months, the fishtanks are filled with dead fish. I'm not talking one or two here and there, I mean several in nearly every tank, many of which have been dead for days. During one of my visits I noticed that the filter was not running on one and asked an employee about it, sure enough I was right. Last time was the worst. Dead fish, murky water, algae coating everywhere. Someone in charge of the dept told me that the fish die "when the heater turns on", as if that makes it better. No fish should die from the water being brought to the correct temp. Scary weird stuff. Would not recommend buying fish here, no other petsmart location shows this degree of aquarium neglect.
1	The Banfield pet hospital that petsmart provides is the absolute worst place you can take your pet. After my first bad experience I thought I would give them a second chance and I can't believe they had the audacity to be rude and hostile again! The front desk workers are by far the worst customer service orientated people I have ever had to deal with! They really make you feel that your pets visit is a burden and that they are doing you a huge favor. People work hard for their money and when you choose to spend your money with Banfield they should be a little more appreciative and courteous towards their customers. There are tons of independent vets I could take my pet too and yet I choose Banfield only to be treated so poorly. I will not return to a Banfield and I will be sure to tell everyone about my experiences with the rude, uncaring and unbelievable front desk people.
5	How can I not give this five? Puppies and kittens and birds, oh my! Needed a certain sized chew toy for that special pooch and this place made it hard to choose. Is it more expensive than the dollar store? Yes.  But the selection is great and sales/finds are to be had if you take a second. I got one of those unstuffed crinkly flat toys for less than three bucks and they're ten everywhere else. Nice fish selection and not loads of dead ones like some stores. Don't you hate that? Go to look at the goldfish and they're eating their brother at the top of the tank? Who wants to buy a cannibal? They have adoptable animals and give you free food and lots of specials when you adopt. And that is what it is all about. This state is crawling with unwanted animals. There is a vet hospital in the back as well, Hence my rating. Bring your doggy with you, everyone else does.
4	I like this location, a lot! The employees are always very accommodating in the store, and this location is always very clean and organized. My boyfriend and I have a 9 month old shih tzu- Otis, and we wanted to get a last minute groom in! Luckily they had an appointment open that evening, and we dropped Otis off with Sarah- she was SO nice and even asked us the specifics for his groom, (keep the length of the tail, do you want me to trim his eyelashes and ears, etc.) thank you, Sarah for the wonderful groom for our furbaby! A great definition of costumer service. :)
