5	I was so excited to try this restaurant, and it didn't disappoint. This used to be the old Irish pub style bar, this place feels anything but old now. The decor feels modern but warm and very open and airy. The wine selection was very well priced and had a great selection. I had the Pinot Gris ($ 6.00 a glass) nice! There was three of us in our party each had a different dish, I had the pulled pork, they had the steak w/risotto and tenderloin. We all cleaned our plates enough said. They do not have a happy hour "yet" we were told. Our server was attentive and knowledgeable. Can't wait to try this place again.  Love, love!
5	Great food and atmosphere.  Plenty of TVs to watch the games.  Chef Patrick Fegan and his partners of TK Urban Tavern in Scottsdale Quarter just opened this great location.  Pumpkin Soup with pumpkin oil and croutons is such a great start to the Fall season.  Wood fired oven pumping out flatbreads.  Sweet Potato gnocchi made in house with roasted corn and gorgonzola crema is unbelievable.  Very impressive selection of beer handles and delicious cocktails.   Amazing view of the sunset as well.  Can't wait to return.
4	Enjoyed so much I went 2x in one week!! Gnocchi .... Yum
4	A big fan of TK's, so we have been waiting for this place to open.  They have a great beer selection and Matt, the bartender is incredibly knowledgeable on all their taps and bottles.  So far, I've had the tacos (very good), the pork (very good) and this last time the salmon salad (the best yet).  The salmon was cooked perfectly and the whole plate was well seasoned.  I would definitely recommend to anyone looking for a quick and light salad.The atmosphere is modern and open with some really cool big, conversation style tables near the bar.  Add in some well placed tv's and it's a great place to grab a beer and a bit and watch the game or bring the family.  We are very happy to see this type of restaurant in our neighborhood.
4	Stoped in with the family on Saturday- great feel, nice modern/clean look. Quick service. GREAT PIZZA, fantastic fish tacossave room for the skillet cookie dessert
5	Had the roasted chicken. It was juicy, and the whole plate, spinach, onions, and polenta(don't even know what that is but fantastic). Some items from tks. Which I love. Not too loud, good lighting. I need to see my food. Timing was FAST.  In at 6:58, food out by 7:05. Not kidding. Def coming back.
2	Amazing atmosphere, fantastic menu and wine/beer/cocktail selection.  We had the Pumpkin Soup (superb) and salmon salad and pizza with the apple fritters for dessert.  So jazzed to have a great American rest in the area.  Shocking how poorly run the service staff were.....they were indifferent, borderline snotty and inefficient. Had to ask for utensils, salt and pepper, water, drinks etc.  We asked for parm cheese for the pizza and the waitress actually brought us an empty cheese clear shaker.  We ate dinner at 8pm and even though the rest was half full, the young wait staff were breaking down everything for the night.  When we left we literally had to walk past the chef, manager and lead waitstaff having a meeting at the exit area and no one said goodbye, thank you, hope you enjoyed your meal etc.  I had to say thank you to them and they looked annoyed to be interrupted.  To make it in this town you have to have more than great food and atmosphere........Service, Service, Service ( and I am not talking fawning/fake/over attentive service.....I am talking decent hello, thank you and caring about the customer vs hiring young and beautiful people type service.)
4	Solid food and service. Both owners have extensive food and beverage experience  and it shows in their menu and service. There are plenty of TV's to watch your favourite game. Had the three little pigs and chicken pesto pizza from the wood fired oven and they were delicious. I highly recommend this place to get out of the house.
5	Ok second review but just had to write this, dropped in during shopping mania, two beers and tacos, tacos, the crane asana and the mahi mahi. Simple, perfect, tasty and perfectIt really doesn't get better
2	It is not the menu or the food, but the service that may be downfall at this new neighborhood place.  We sat at the bar (which is usual for us) and the bartenders were more interested in chating with friends than to make sure we were happy with our meal.We were going to order dessert but as soon as the plates were taken, the bartender presented us with the tab.  Too bad, we walked over to Local Bistro and had dessert there.  May come back but with some many other good places that have opened up lately (Soul Cafe, Isabella's, etc.), it might be a while before we return.
5	We were very impressed with this new Resturant. It was very well decorated with excellent lighting. We sat at the bar and had a few drinks then ordered the French fries with their own ketchup, it was amazing! The bartender was very helpful. We are going back tomorrow for lunch.Great addition to the Grayhawk area.
3	Drab interior. Flat gray paint on walls.  A little loud & echo-y. Unflattering lighting which does nothing to showcase the beautiful food. On the other hand the food is pretty darn good. The roasted chicken/polenta dish was tender and flavorful. The dish du jour was called Sunday Supper which was a penne pasta dish w/ capers, black olives and cherry tomatoes. Slightly spicy on the back end. Very good! Finally, I usually stick to ordering steaks at places "known" for steak, but theirs was surprisingly good!! The pumpkin soup is also phenomenal. I totally could have paired it with a salad and called it a day. Very filling soup.
4	The previous reviews of this restaurant were mixed so it was a nice surprise we found it quite nice.  The menu is basic but very good.  The wait staff  friendly and accommodating and the price is right.  We were there early on a Sunday evening so it wasn't very crowded.  If you sit near the outdoor patio they have heaters that are turned on after sunset.  The only thing I would mention is -- they have a number of television sets scattered throughout so it gives a "sport bar" look at first sight.  If there was a big game and lots of people I'm sure the atmosphere would have been quite different.  It was not this way the night we went -- we could actually hear each other talk !!! :-)
5	We hosted 50 people here for dinner before the Phoenix Open concert and it was wonderful. Christine was great, staff was awesome and clients were happy! Thank you - we will be back soon!
3	Food = Phenomenal.Ambiance = Needs improvement.Service = Very friendly, but slow and disorganized. Tavern Americana has a nice space, but it needs to be utilized much better.   There's a nice open wine room that is pleasing to the eye, but other than that and a couple of TV's, there's nothing to look at.  The walls are grey and plain.  A few photos or paintings would do a lot for the atmosphere. The acoustics are also awful.  It is loud in there.  The restaurant was packed, and hostess was trying to tell us that we could wait in a small "lounge" area, and order a drink, but I could only catch every couple words she said.  I know I'm getting older, but at 33 I shouldn't be freaking out that my hearing is starting to go.Service was slow, and it was obivious the servers and runners were a little over whelmed.  We didn't have any major problems, but a couple of the tables around us were brought either the wrong food, or the runner couldn't tell which person ordered something sans a topping, etc.The food is great.  It's a tad pricier than it feels like it should be, but the ingredients are all fresh, which makes the price very forgivable.  We had the roasted chicken pizza and a tavern burger.  The pizza was good, but a touch oily.  The burger was also good, but it felt like it could have used something to make it special.  The fries are awesome and served with a house spicy ketchup.The good news for Tavern Americana is that the flaws of the place are all fixable.  Put some art on the walls, figure out a way to quiet down the background noise, and get a better system for running food.  Definitely would go back.
4	We happened to be in the area on a Saturday night and decided to give this restaurant a try. It was a very good choice. They offer both patio and restaurant seating, with large garage doors that open to bring the patio inside. They have an extensive bar with many beers on tap. The menu is diverse from pizza to burgers. We decided to try their burgers. They offer two different ones. One is the "green monster," a green chili cheeseburger, served on a fresh potato bun. You have a choice of a side salad or fries. The burger was cooked perfectly to the med-rare, as ordered. The fries were hand cut with the skins on,and fresh. The burgers use organic fresh beef. The service was efficient and friendly. The restaurant offered two dinner special, including salmon. They offer several wood stove pizzas, from their open oven.  We would definitely return to try the pizza next time...
3	My husband and I took our four year old there last night. It was our first time dining there. We didn't eat super extravagantly but the price was a little extravagant. While they are super kid friendly and have a lot of options for kids' food, my daughter ate for $10.95, which seemed a little high. For a four dollar applejuice, I would have expected for it to be spiked with a little rum or alcohol-- $4 dollars for a kids' drink?!?The food was not terrible but it was not terribly remarkable, either. We ordered pita and hummus as an appetizer. There wasn't anything special about the hummus. The pita, however was super fresh and pillowy. I ordered the tricolored quinoa salad with a piece of salmon on top. The salad and salmon were a little bland. My husband order the 'hold the tomato' white pizza and said it was very good. We were very satisfied with our service. The atmosphere is super pleasant and the waitstaff was awesome. Overall, their menu is limited and small and food is pricey. Will try again but not in any hurry to go back.
4	We dropped in last night for dinner. No idea where we were- just hungry.  Our local companion told me that this restaurant had recently been reincarnated from a former irish pub . There is no decor or theme- it must be a work in progress. There is a hostess at the entry but it was hit-or-miss as to who was our waiter/server/bar waiter. They might have been short handed. Drinks were ordered. Drinks got delivered. Great cocktails ! We ordered dinner and each entre proved to far surpass my expectations. I had a perfectly grilled thick fillet with risotto and mushrooms. Wonderful. We also had a grilled salmon and a thick cut pork chop. All were equally delicious and attractively plated. I would enjoy returning for a meal or drinks here any time. Four stars  for ambience still in progress.
4	This restaurant in Scottsdale turned out to be surprisingly good, though lacked just a couple of things for me to rate it a full 5 stars.  In short, the food selection was excellent, beer & wine choices aplenty, but the ambiance suffers a bit due to a very basic covering of the walls and very little sound dampening.  It was very loud from neighboring tables and was hard to have our own conversation!Our server was very knowledgeable on the beer offerings (extensive), and picked out a Four Peaks Kiltlifter for me that turned out to be very good (I had never had it before).  As for the food, I had the Grilled Pork Tenderloin, which is served with butternut squash puree, sauteed green beans, and warm apple compote.  Very delicious!  The only suggestion I have for the chef would be to add a small portion of starch, say some baby reds or mashed potatoes.  Our server also agreed with this. :-)The dessert also impressed - the Cookie Dough Skillet is a large, fresh baked, warm chocolate chip cookie in an iron skillet, topped with vanilla bean ice cream.  OMG this was GOOD!!  With decent service, and outstanding food, I rate this 4 stars only because of the environment issues with too much noise.
4	The pulled port sandwich and green chili stew are are great along with the excellent bar staff give this five stars  -  one for the drab space.Great draft beer selection!
2	First of all they are in Scottsdale.....you can't charge $13 for a burger made from Ground Chuck....that's the worst meat out there and it costs under a dollar a pound at the store! Second - premium liquors are NOT Cuervo and Smirnoff!Pizza was ok but could use more INGREDIENTS for what they charge! The decor Inside makes it Feel cold and unfinished! Soooo disappointed!  :(
4	Great place. Great service. Had the salmon. Excellent and cookie dough desert also wonderful
4	We randomly decided to pop into Tavern Americana after a day trip to Tucson and needed a restaurant on a Saturday night that could fit a party of six.  We were able to get in no problem, since I assume people are just starting to find out about this place.  My first impression was that this restaurant needed a boost in the decor department.  I loved the garage door walls, but otherwise it was just gray and drab with nothing hanging on any of the walls really.  Besides the decor, it was loud and bustling in the restaurant, so the overall vibe was good.After sitting down, our waitress greeted us, but it took awhile to get our drink/food order.  She seemed overwhelmed and all over the place really.  Once she did focus on us, she offered some suggestions and we all placed our orders.  I had the beet salad and added chicken.  Everyone else had different dishes, so I did get to taste some of the other items.  I LOVED my salad.  The grilled chicken was awesome and the beets were cooked perfectly.  The salad met/exceeded all my expectations and was rather large.  The Hubs had the gnocci and seemed to like it, but it was rather small.  I must mention we tried to order a couple appetizers, but they were already out for the day, which was kinda sad.  To top off the meal we had the cookie and apple fritters.  OMG that cookie is to die for, and I consider myself a cookie connoisseur, so you can take that review to the bank... you'll love it.All and all, for a place close to home with good quality food, we will surely be back soon.  Hopefully they will add something to the walls and perfect their service.  If they do that, surly they'll have a winner!
3	We recently visited this place on a Saturday night and it was so-so.  The food seemed overpriced for what you get and the pizza was average at best. We ordered a pear salad with chicken to start and it was very small for the $12 price. It had good flavor but not worth the money. The wood fired pizza was bland and small. The one positive was the bartender was really efficient and nice, and even though the kitchen messed up the food order, he offered to get me a glass of wine to make up for the error. I really appreciated the good service and he corrected the mistake quickly. I may stop back in to try the burgers but for pizza, no chance.
3	Lure in the premium craft beer drinkers with a good list but then shove them away when those beers are excluded on the happy hour.  In all honesty they might as well just not have a HH if they're going to make it so obvious that they just want the full price folks.  They have a great list of craft beers, but only Coors light and Coors' Blue Moon are beers listed on the happy hour.  And then for spirits, it's the low quality options like Cuervo Gold, JW Red, etc. that are discounted.  Yes this is a high rent area with a wealthy local customer base, so why not just omit the happy hour altogether?  Alternatives for happy hour just head over to City North or Desert Ridge and get those same beers on HH because this place doesn't want (need?) your business.More generally, they've vastly improved the atmosphere over the Irish bar that went out of business in the same location.  It has a more upscale feel, good presentation of food, and our service was very good on this occasion.  Nothing to rave about with the food, nor necessarily critique either.  Food pricing is within normal range for the area.  Parking is good due to the shared strip mall & grocery store parking.
4	Good restaurant, tables a bit close together, but cool layout and good food.
5	We've been here 3 times and the food has been very good every time. We really like their green chili pork appetizer. The steak salad and pizzas are also very good. They have great happy hours too. Will be back again!
4	Pastrami sandwich is super duper good!!! Tender, juicy, thinly sliced, very flavorful! Also had the quinoa salad which was served warm but I felt would have been better served slightly cold. Otherwise, very tasty.
5	We stumbled into this place after finding the doors at The Grind locked....what a fantastic surprise. Organic and local ingredients, a great craft beer selection and an owner/chef who was a delight to chat with. We just moved to the neighborhood and having a place like this with some healthy options is a huge plus for us!
4	We made it out to Tavern Americana because we purchased a Groupon for Art Revolution Tonight painting class that actually takes places inside of their location.  We went early just so we could sit and eat here since it was new to us.  Luckily, we made it for happy hour, which runs til 7 p.m. (great news since the art class starts at 6:30 p.m. and you can grab up a drink or two while painting).  We ordered the Mac & Cheese appetizer off of the happy hour menu which was around $5 and normally is about $8 - decent savings.  It was very good.  We forgot to request the optional bacon in it, so we will give that a go next time!  It was delicious with out it though.For main course I had the Western Burger and my fiancee had the Pulled Pork Sandwich.  Both of the buns were a touch dry - but the meat on both sandwiches was very nicely done.  The coleslaw on the pulled pork was a touch too tart for him, but if you like more tart coleslaw this may be right up your alley.We could NOT pass up a chance to try the baked cookie skillet with ice cream a la mode.  It was well worth it.  Overall: AGrab up an Art Revolution Tonight Groupon with Violet and eat at the Tavern.  Excellent date night!
4	great food, large wine list, and ice cold beer.  Kids love the children's menu.  the cookie skillet is amazing, so save room.
4	Green monster burger and fries, my new obsession. Great selection of beers on tap and martinis!!Love the staff! Great patio when the weather is nice. TVs and football. Great Happy Hour:)
5	I love this place! High quality food. Great atmosphere. Tavern Americana's pulled pork sandwich is amazing and their salads are perfect.  My favorite is the apple and gorgonzola.  Kid's eat free on Tuesday nights too which makes it a great place for family.  I lunch here with clients and vendors because it's quiet enough to talk and there is wifi.  There is a private room that is perfect for board meetings. Management is very attentive and the wait staff rocks.  Try their skinny mojito as well!
5	Service was very nice and the sweet potato gnocchi was fantastic.  Don't forget the cookie dough skillet if you feel no shame.  :)
5	The food is fantastic, the service is equally good, and the prices are good too. We go there all the time and every experience has been great. One of the best restaurants around. Everything about it is 5 stars.
5	Really terrific menu.  Steak, pasta, salads, seafood, pizza and more! Signature chipotle shrimp boat is to die for!  Great atmosphere, great friendly service, located in the heart of Beautiful North Scottsdale in Grayhawk.
4	This is a solid place to grab a burger and beer.  The Tavern burger is very good and I enjoyed my Wooky Jack beer out on the patio.
5	I've only tried this place once, but can't wait to go back and try more of the local favorite menu items. I hear the happy hour is great.
5	Really enjoy this place for cocktails. There are some really tasty ones on their list. Matt at the bar is awesome! If you feel like being adventuresome he'll make you anything you want and if he doesn't know the recipe he'll look it up for you! And there ain't nothin wrong with bacon loaded mac n cheese!
1	So we tried a new place for "happy hour" or in their words "happiest hour".  So we look at the happy hour menu & check out their drinks and appetizers.  The drinks are $4.95 BUT she tells me if I order a lemon drop martini that they only use real juice (we live in Arizona and lemons are abundant) so that will be $2 extra-ok fine.  Then we order the guacamole with chips to start with and she comes back and says-avacados are expensive now so that will be an extra $2 added on (NOTE:  BASHA'S is selling them 4 for $1--yikes that is expensive lol) to the $7.95 price that is on their happy hour menu.  Also, when we ordered the green chili pork it comes with one tortilla that you need to tear apart and it is steaming hot when you get it.  Well one wasn't enough so she asked if we wanted a second-we said sure-that's a $1 more of course.  I've been to several establishments where you get unlimited amount of chips (which in essence is tortillas cut up and deep fried) with no extra charge so this is also ridiculous.  Needless to say NOT going back!
4	Good burgers, great green chile pork and fries!  Organic greens, nice neighborhood spot with patio, service can be hit or miss...
5	Really continue to enjoy this place.  Love the beer selection and the food is always good.  Staff is friendly, knowledgeable and helpful.  Green chili pork and salmon salad just can't get any better.  Couldn't ask for a better neighborhood joint.
5	Great service, wonderful food and a great draft selection. I was ecstatic to find an upscale pub so close to home. Their ingredients are usually local, and their bartenders know what they are talking about. Fantastic experience.
4	Love going to Tavern Americana.  Staff is friendly and the atmosphere is great.  Food is great!  Try the pizza, it's awesome.
5	Oh yeah... I like!  This is a regular spot... The greens for the salads are just ... soooo good!  I have had most of the lunch menu... and I would rave about most of it! The Steak Salad is my favorite... the Green Chili burger slides in second...
5	We had a birthday party here with about 25 people, it was perfect. They were very attentive and accommodating. All the food was tasty and the drinks were cold. It was a great evening and would recommend it to others looking for a party venue.
3	Went for happy hour on a Friday night. The place is extremely loud. Happy hour selection is good. The pizza was good. Overall the place was just ok.
4	The beer selection wax slight but those they had were good, and the happy hour prices excelled.  the tavern burger was geat, cooked to my specs and big and juicey.  Burger and beer give me a reason to go back.
4	My wife and I love to come here. I'm giving this place a 4 star only because the last two times the service wasn't as good. As for the food I have zero complaints and their salmon is by far my favorite in the valley!
4	Solid food and service. I like that they use all locally grown products.We came on a weekday and it wasn't that busy at all. I assume it gets way more hectic at night. The outdoor seating was pleasant. My only complaint is that the food took awhile to come out, but the quality was good.
5	Strongly recommend. All fresh and delicious. Had the green chilli pork off the starter menu and it was fanomanal. Simple salad was the best salad I have ever had. The burger was amazing and cooked perfectly. The fries are delicious. The beer selection is superb. The live music was great. Chris C was our server and probably the best service I have ever had. Overall 6 Stars if that was possible. Get the extra star because everything is made in house and comes from local vendors. A must dine place.
1	We made a special trip and are very excited to try a breakfast burrito, but they are not opening as posted. Maybe we'll try again another time :(
5	Bar area is quite fun and more vibrant than some of the other stuffy places in north scottsdale where old people just drink wine and smell their wine glasses. I would recommend if you're looking for something a little more fun.
5	We are new to Scottsdale (from LA) and this has quickly become one of our favorites.  It's hard to find a restaurant with quality food, great adult beverages, and an atmosphere that enables you to bring young children along (4 and 18 months).  Service is very warm and attentive.  In fact,  the manager came over and encouraged us to come back.   He stated that Tavern wants to be a comfortable, neighborhood spot.   They are this,  but with class and a great menu.   This isn't fine dining, but great quality food that dresses up or down comfortably.
5	We are always on the look out for new pubs and craft beer kitchens.  This is our new favorite in the north Scottsdale area!  They have a great rotating beer list and most/all of the food is made in-house, including the ketchup!  We've enjoyed the Chicken Pesto Pizza and both the Pulled Pork and the Steak sandwich.  My favorite is probably the Steak Sandwich that includes a nice horseradish sauce!  We'll be back again and again!
4	Went here as a group and we all had a good time.  They had live music which was a plus.  Wife had the NY steak which she said was great and I tried the Green Monster off of a recommendation and thought it was good but not stellar. The rest of the group also seemed pleased with their choices. Overall, food and service was good and we'll be back to check out more.
5	Loved. They have a great happy hour. A blood Mary bar on Sunday's!! How can you not enjoy that!! Their javelina drink is wonderful If you are into spicy-ish drinks. Not too sweet despite the added orange. Pizzas were great and found out they are only 7.95 on happy hour. Will definitely be back. Try their pretzels for happy hour. Delicious honey mustard to dip them in.
