1	I don't know if Nickels was ever popular, but boy do they suck now.I've tried their St Catherine location which really is disappointing and this Atwater one isn't any better.I figured it would be a good place to grab a quick bite before watching a movie at the Forum theater since it's right next to it, but this place falls short. I should have paid attention to the warning signs.It is badly situated in the mall, very little foot traffic around so the place was dead even though it was a supper time on a Thursday.Everything looks outdated, and unappealing. Crossover between a family style chain and diner.Menu has quite a fair amount of choices, I settled on a fish filet which came with rice and steamed vegetables.Fish was overcooked, burnt and crispy on some sides. Rice and veggies were fine.The worse part was the service. We were seated towards the back of the restaurant, right next to their kitchen and could continuously hear staff talking and laughing or yelling at each other. Yet our waitress never came to check up on us. When we wanted to leave, we had to go practically behind the kitchen and ask for another girl to get our waitress for the bill.There's just not enough people dining at this restaurant, you can tell the staff doesn't care and the odd customer or two isn't enough to draw their attention.I predict it will close very soon unless Place Alexis Nihon mall reinvents itself and brings in a whole new crowd of people.
3	The food is really good here. I have been to this place a couple of times, and usually the service varies. If you go during the evening there are a couple of nice and friendly ladies serving you. But on another hand, during the day, especially lunch time, the service is really poor and the staff is usually not friendly enough. When you go to a restaurant, you're not only looking for good food, remember you want the whole experience; meaning good service as well!
3	Not sure why I ate here??? But it was desperate times! I had the grilled chicken Caesars salad. Which was just OK. place was busy!!
3	Not my first choice, but, despite all the negative reviews, these guys give you a very hearty breakfast (they must have a potato farm in the kitchen or something). The service is average, but courteous. The food is a bit greasy, and it has that 'diner (it's too cold outside)' type feeling. We missed the early breakfast prices, but it was still quite cheap less than $30 for two people. One can get away with less, but we ordered a lot of bacon (be careful, a single portion is pretty large). Not too shabby!
