3	Stopped for gas and food driving around Vegas, and aside from being in a complex that had low gas prices, the burger wasn't too bad for this person who rarely eats burgers or fast food. The fries were HOT, and the tables were clean. Paid less than $5 for (2) Jack Jack using a free JJ coupon, large fries and large drink (the items I had to pay for were the fries & drink). Restrooms located in the complex - a few minutes walk through a convenience store but no problem. Well-lighted and easy parking.
5	Even though I'm writing this review from Jack in the box at Las Vegas blv. This is for all the all the Jack in the boxes that helped me make it through the day!Jack in the Box has everything you craving for. Starting with the most basic fast food items. Burgers and fries. Want Mexican? Best tacos for only .99 for two! If you looking for some Asian how about chicken teriyaki bowl with egg roll. Get a deli trio Grilled sandwich if Italian is what your looking for. they also have some healthy selections like salads and grilled chicken if counting calories is your thing. With all the selections, even if you don't know what you want,  you're surely will find something to suit your fancy. What else can you ask for? 24 hour breakfast? You got it! No matter how late I wake up I never miss breakfast when jacks' around. Thank you for being there for me!..........If you are what you eat, is that makes me a Jack?
2	We don't have Jack in the Box on the East Coast.  I'm glad we don't if this is the norm.   Service was totally disorganized.  And no internet.  Food was ok though.
3	This Jack in the Box location was very clean inside. There was a homeless man in there, but he wasn't disturbing anyone.The funny thing about Jack is that this is the only place where I think you can eat TACOS with RANCH.There was this automated stand to order your food and if you used it, you would get free 5-piece churros.Their churros are different, because even though it has sugar all over it, it had a cinnamon-sweet filling on the inside.Their curly fries are way better than regular fries.Their breakfast burritos are pretty good, but you don't get a bite of everything in each bite. One time the whole top was all egg and the bottom had all the steak.
4	My first jack in the box bc they don't have it on the east coast. I was so excited. I ordered I the kiosk bc they had a promotion of free 5 piece churros. I just got a burger..  Customizable for sauces and stuff. It was good for my first time. Breakfast menu looked great but never got a chance to try it :(
5	Another Vegas Staple we need in Tampa. LoVE the tacos.
1	First time here and the last..We went thru about 11pm and ordered tacos and med Pepsi. They had NO drinks available. So we just got the tacos. It took them a while to get the order and we only ordered 8.They even had us back up so the timer would stop at the window!!When we got the food we went right home maybe a 5min drive. the tacos were cold and hard. So what took them so long in making our tacos? They were not fresh, there was no one in line behind us nor inside the place.Will not go back waste of our time and money
3	The food is mediocre. Not bad if you're hungry and in a rush. Stood waiting for almost 5 minutes before I was even greeted. Another couple minutes before anyone took my order. They weren't unfriendly just a little understaffed I believe. I ordered #24 breakfast (supreme croissant). The croissant was not very light or fluffy. It was ok. The hasbrown was soaked in grease; not very appetizing. The "smoothie" is just mango syrup with the fake ice cream they use mixed together. Let it sit for a minute or two and it starts to separate, (also, not very appetizing). Overall, it was just another fast food joint.
