4	So, we're walking down the street and suddenly there's a pie shop where there was construction a week before! And what pies; these are "Oh-my!" type pies. The lemon meringue had me doing the happy dance and the apple pie has this amazing taste of... nope, won't give the secret away; you'll have to go and try some for yourselves. There were blueberry and pecan and chocolate pies that I am looking forward to trying. And the carrot cake - woot! More-please-oh-my-yes. And the mint Nanaimo bars and all sorts of lovely ooey goodness including flavoured marshmallow and caramel corn. But wait! There's more! The prices are right! Fabulous! Hooray - couldn't be more pleased. The staff/owners are delightful and the decor is beautiful up-cycled wood and it fits into the neighbourhood like a hand in a tailor-made glove.Congratulations ladies - your new shop is a "Goldilocks zone" gem.
3	Very happy to have you in my hood. Great coffee by Parallel at the right price. Some gluten free options. Apple pie was great but at $18 doesn't make this an every week pick up. Owners were fabulous and eager to make this a success. Design lovely and well thought out. Lemon square recipe still not worked out: one day perfect, the next crust too thick and lemon solid and tasteless. Here's the challenge: how does one make rustic home cooked foods while still making affordable? Most of what you serve I can make myself. Isn't a pastry chef supposed to wow me with things too hard or technical that I come to you? At $2.50 a square for your home-style wares I'll continue to bake at home. You've opened in a moderate income location where your prices should reflect this. I'll continue to give you my support because its important but there's room to grow. I hope this review is seen in a positive light.
3	Pies, bars, muffins galore, but on the definitely  pricey side. Located on the "poor side" of St. Henri, an area that is quickly undergoing revitalisation, read gentrification, this is a cute little shop with young couples, singletons, popping in and out to buy some of the wares, to either eat on the spot or take home. Took a look around, but thought the $18.00 pies would be better if I made them myself and for a far LOWER cost.
4	I like pies. No, no, I love pies. I love pies and baked goods... well you get the picture... Little single serving pies are not only cute, but the perfect thing to bring to pot lucks, dinner parties, or just to bring one to a friend who needs a lil pie in their lives.  I came here on a Friday evening after work and they still had a great selection, I walked away trying the classic apple, lemon meringue, coconut cream, lemon bar, mint bar, the pistachio nut meringue, and hello dolly! I'm glad they last long because I have taken bites out of each since then! I'll admit I wasn't a huge fan of the lemon bar as I thought I would be, but everything else was awesome... so awesome in fact, that I brought a friend there the next day, to my dismay they were already closed...boo hoo. I also love that they have parallel 49 coffee, and oh yes, the ladies at the counter were great, friendly and personable!I will definitely be back!
5	5 stars if for "As good as it gets," and I can't imagine a better bite of pie than these.  The mini-options are so perfect and guilt-free. 6/$10.  Delish crust and everything seems so fresh.  I absolutely loved the key-lime and the coconut cream.  Packaging makes for a great gift as well.
4	St-Henri is quickly turning into one of my favorite areas for food and more specifically desserts. Looking for something different to try for family Sunday dinner, I drove down to Notre-Dame and de Courcelles to a place I have had my eye since it opened a few months ago: Rustique Pie Kitchen.Any place that uses a pie as its logo is alright by me however, once you enter the bakery, you realize very quickly that Rustique is definitely not just a pie place.All manners of large pies, mini pies, caramel popcorn, peanut brittle, cookies, brownies.... A sweet tooth's delight. We came away with a box of 6 mini pies, caramel popcorn and two marshmallow cookies sandwiches. The marshmallow sandwiches were quite good. Delicious homemade marshmallow of a perfect consistency stuck between the two cookies - either chocolate chip or peanut butter. The cookies themselves were quite good although I wished the peanut butter ones were softer. They were a little too dry compared to what I really love as a peanut butter cookie.For the mini pies, we came away with 6 different flavours: apple pie, peach pie, berry crumble, pecan pie, blackberry ginger and wild blueberry. Off the bat, the pie crust for all of these was spot-on. Great golden flakiness without being dried out. A great buttery taste but not so much that it distracts from the filling inside each one. The individual fillings were all quite good. Tons of flavour with a clear use of fresh ingredients for each one. You can tell this is a place where everything is done from stratch. Of particular note, the blackberry ginger pie was a great combination that I have had before but now I definitely need to get a large scale version of said pie.The caramel popcorn was a nice gluten free alternative for one certain family member and on top of that, was quite delicious. Nice crunch to the popcorn with a nice caramel coating. Very satisfying for the little amount I tried of that bag.I loved my first experience at Rustique so much that I went two days later for a quick tea and mini key lime pie while sitting outside for a nice 30 minutes or so. Was a great way to spend a beautifully sunny and warm mid-afternoon and something I will definitely do again. If you love pies and all manners of other desserts, Rustique definitely needs to be on your list of places to check out.Cheers!
4	It's probably for the best that I don't live near this place because if I did I'd probably be there a lot and I'm not sure my waistline could handle that.  This homey bakery is located in St-Henri and as the logo might suggest their specialty is pie although they do have many other baked goods on hand to satisfy your sweet tooth.  The staff is super friendly and the smells that fill this place make it clear that the product is going to be mighty tasty.I ordered a full apple pie to take to a family dinner and a Hello Dolly to eat on my way home.  The Hello Dolly was a square with a graham cracker crust and filled with chocolate chips and almonds.  It was amazing!  The pie too did not disappoint.  The crust was flaky and tender and the filling was just right.  You could taste the tartness of the apples, a hint of cinnamon and honestly it was as good as a proper homemade apple pie.The one star that I knocked off is for the prices which are a bit on the expensive side however don't let that discourage you because this place is absolutely fantastic.
4	Rustique is a very charming little pie and coffee shop in St-Henri. After passing by several times with my husband, one day we finally decided to stop and try what they had to offer. Two coffees and two mini-pies later, we found ourselves quite satisfied; the pies are tasty and the coffees, although not necessarily the most memorable in town, are good as well. Besides the food, I loved most of all the cutesy rustic ambiance of the place, the amicable staff and their very comfortable seating area with a view of Notre-Dame Street. I wouldn't be surprised at all if I catch myself one day making a habit out of grabbing a small pie every time I pass by Rustique!
5	Good job Rustique, for making my waist line expand in the next few months. :)If pies aren't your thing, they also have other desserts (meringues, nanaimo bars, cookies) which are also excellent! A great neighborhood gem!
3	I came in here since I love a good pie and when I spied they make and offer Banoffee Pie, a bit of a rarity in these parts since it's such a British dessert, I knew I had to try it, plus there were all these great reviews so I knew I was due for a visit.First of all, yes, the prices are a bit high for what amounts to pie. Full pies are between $17-$26 each but if that is a little to much, you can always try their small-sized bite-sized versions which go for $1.95 each.Maybe it's just me but I found the pies just a little "too" sweet for my tastes. Don't get me wrong, they are very good and you can taste the freshness and quality in them, but sometimes when things are a little too rich or too sweet, you eat a few bites and realize you can't go any further and that's what basically happened to me. Still, while I don't see myself becoming a regular, if you are in the neighborhood and craving something sweet, this is the best place to go.
4	Location: Notre-Dame West. Place St. Henri is probably the closest subway station, street parking is available (metered).The place: The space, to match its name, is small and rustic. There are a few tables at the front (unless I'm making that up), with the main service counter in the middle and shelves filled with goodies directly across from it. There, you can find homemade marshmallows (HELLO!) and 49th Parallel coffee beans, among other things. The goods: Obviously, Rustique's main specialty is pies - pies of all kinds. Cherry pie, apple pie, pear pie and so on. But, in addition to this, they also offer up extra large meringue, marshmallows (oh, did I already mention those?), granola, cookies and, SUPER COOL: homemade Whippets. I went in to pick up some marshmallows, after having purchased some through Lufa and falling in love with them. I'm generally not a fan of these, but Rustique's are so soft and tasty, and I didn't go into a sugar coma after eating one. You have to try the roasted coconut variety - amazing! I also tried their cherry and apple pies (in the individual sizes) and a Whippet. The pies were delicious, as was the Whippet. The only thing is that the Whippet was a little too sweet for me. Price point: I think the tiny pies were $1.95 each, the marshmallows are $5 (for five) and the Whippet was $3.95. I think the full-size pies start at $17, which seems a little steep - but what do I know about pies?
3	Wanted to update and say while prices are still high the choice of sweets has expanded and improved. Two things I like: coffee beans still a fair price & I love the ends & cut offs of their cookie bars you can buy heavily discounted. Not as pretty but just as tasty.
5	Stopped in looking to buy a loaf of bread and ended up sipping on a latte and devouring the cutest, prettiest, most rustic and delicious little treats I could imagine. Yum. Their specialty is pie. You can pick up a whole one for around 24$ or they replicate mini-pies for each flavour- so many to choose from, each more delicious than the next. The spot is great too, with 3 cosy tables in the corner, by the window. Very welcoming and comfortable vibe. Staff was very pleasant too. No complains. Except that I never did find that bread I was looking for!
