5	I love me some ice cream; it's my favorite dessert. The fact that Golden Spoon serves up frozen yogurt makes it that much better. I had heard about Golden Spoon but had never been to one. They have about 10 flavors of frozen yogurt that they usually rotate flavors in and out of as well as 30+ toppings to mix and match in.Prices are good, lots of different sizes of cups to choose from, and they even do a stamp card where your 8th visit is free. This has become my families favorite place to get dessert. It's close, it's cheap, and it's frozen yogurt. Win!
4	Golden Spoon is good...not 5 star good, but it'll do on a hot friday night in Surprise after a movie. The prices are reasonable, the service is friendly and the yogurt is thick, creamy deliciousness. I'm not sure what would make this a 5 star place for me. I think perhaps the fact that the owner knows that I am a president for a non-profit and he's constantly after me to have a fundraiser with them makes me feel a bit put upon whenever I go there. I go in hoping he's not there to solicit me. I guess that takes away from the experience. If not for that, I think I'd give it 5 stars. :)
5	Wow! This place is amazing. I can eat there without feeling totally guilty and the yogurt is completely delicious. This has replaced cold stone for my family!
5	This place has amazing frozen yogurt! I had the strawberry with small pieces of fresh strawberries! It was a wonderful treat in this heat, since it's yogurt and not ice cream, it's a little bit healthier.
4	Still visiting Golden Spoon on a regular basis and just loving it. It's great on a hot night or as an after school treat. The yogurt is delicious and either low or non fat so if you are watching your weight, it's a great treat that doesn't make you feel guilty.The staff and ownership are friendly, patient, and never make you feel rushed or like you are bothering them. Maybe I'll head there tomorrow after school! YUM!
4	Always friendly service at this location!  This shop is clearly run by pro's and I appreciate it.    Delicious low-fat and non-fat yogurts at very reasonable prices.  Worth stopping in whether seeing a movie at the nearby Ultrastar theater or not.  Bottled water after the treat is nice too and they do not try to gouge you with outrageous water prices.  APPRECIATED.
4	It was good while it lasted.  I think it's closed now.  Not sure.
