4	If you lose all but $20 in the Cannery casino, stop gambling and spend it here. You'll need a cheap filling meal before you drive back and lie about how much money you actually lost.   We went here because it was my brother in law's birthday. He is the cheapskate in our family. He is a former accountant after all. He recycles aluminum cans, loves the Goodwill store, is not impressed by designer labels, and loves a bargain. So on his birthday, a favorite meal, prime rib, was the same price as a McDonald's meal. It's not fancy, it's not great, but it's good. Victory's is a working man's 24/7 cafe in the center of the Cannery casino off Craig Road way off the beaten track of Las Vegas. It's loud, smokey, bright, with sounds of bells and sound effects from the slot machines nearby. Their usual special, an 8 oz, Prime rib dinner was $5.99 served au jus, cooked to your liking came with a small salad, small bowl of cooked frozen veggies, mashed potatoes with brown gravy, and roll.  The salad was slightly dry but fine.  Their mashed potatoes were reconstituted, and rolls were just okay.  The meat was tender and good. Of course, it was the big seller.  My sister ordered the taco salad for $7.50, and definitely looked yummy.  Coke was $2.00. Other great specials are $10 one pound Porterhouse,  the T-bone $4.99 steak and eggs, and the $6.00 Sloppy Joe sliders.Clientele was mostly average Joes and Joans of various colors, sizes, and persuasions.  For example, the party of four next to us had one scruffy guy wearing a "I love Deer Hunting" cap while his bald and bearded friend wore a Harley Davidson vest. Their wives looked like they were fans of Laura Ashley.  Lots of hip hoppers, families with crying kids, two women sporting their lumberjack outfits.  No one comes here dressed up, especially with the smell of smoke from the casino permeating every fabric thread and hair on you body. So, fancy no, but crowded and popular, yes.However, service was good. Our waitress was efficient, a smiley chubby All American girl type. Our drinks, salads, and food all arrived at the same time.  She was good about bringing refills, styrofoan "to go" containers, and getting the check ready promptly. Lots of sad faces throughout that casino.  Probably not a great night for gambling.  But it was a decent meal for the price..
4	My client is in North Las Vegas and this is close to his business. The restaurant is located in the Cannery Casino and never closes. My lunch choice was the prime rib sandwich with cole slaw. To my surprise the food was really tasty! The prime rib sandwich was tender with tomato, lettuce, onion on a large roll and the cole slaw was quite good at a reasonable price.This location is really North of the strip and I got the feeling many locals come here to gamble or eat cheap.
3	This 24 hours cafe is located in North Las Vegas in the Cannery Casino.  It is a nice friendly spot to get some inexpensive food for the locals residing in this part of Las Vegas.I actually came here with classmates who are waiting to pick up their projects, which is being graded by the instructor during class.  So it is basically a free day and there is not much to do in N. Las Vegas ealier in the morning, except go find a spot for breakfast.I wasn't hungry and ordered their Beer Bratwurst with a side of Macaroni, while my classmates all ordered some kind of egg breakfast.  Our waiter was super friendly, and took our orders like a pro.  Drinks were soon delivered to the table and most of our food arived a little after that.  I think mine was took the longest, because everyone was ordered breakfast items.  But I wasn't in any rush, since we were there to kill some time anyways.The egg breakfasts all looked great, especially for the low prices.  My $4.49 Bratwurst when it did finally arrived didn't look too good. Flavor was okay, but it was really overcooked and really dried.  For the low price, I didn't have high expectations for the food.But the attentive service was very good.  I will not be making a trip out of my way to come eat here, but if at the end of next semester we need to kill a few hours before going back to fetch our semester projects,  will probably be back.  BUT I will not be ordering any of their fancy hot dogs.Value - very low price points.Service - very goodLocation - Great for locals living in the N. Las Vegas area.Parking -  Plenty to go aroundFood - Not the best, but it also does not cost an arm and a legIt is a 2-3Yelp star review for me, but I will bump it to a 3 based on the fact that everyone else enjoyed the food, and the service was friendly and good.
2	Had an OK dinner. I say it was OK because I ordered the Siamese soup with shrimp for 6.99. It tasted like ramen soup with shrimp in it. Far from spectacular.
5	This cafe is probably one of the last that has decent prices for graveyard specials.  But not just that, even tho I only come here for the graveyard special, they give service as if you ordered a steak and lobster dinner with wine.  My waitress, which I now request everytime I go here, is on top of her game.  Ask for Tina, and get your hashbrowns extra crispy!
4	My bf and I come here when it's late or when we don't know what we want to eat. The food is good as well as the service. No matter what time of the day you come here... Staff is always friendly! it's inexpensive and one of the better places to eat when you're hungover at 3am!
4	The most recent meal I had here was the pot roast, and it was very good.  Victory's Cafe does a good job with comfort food, and they also have excellent sandwiches, including a great reuben. Service has always been very attentive here. The prime rib special, which I think is still $5.99, was good for the low price but the prime rib wasn't that juicy.
4	The early 2 egg, hash browns, toast and choice of bacon or sausage for $2.99 before 7A is so worth getting up early. Service is quick, friendly & accurate. I hit up this spot every morning I'm in Vegas no matter which hotel I stay at.
4	Very good food at a cheap price!
3	Cheap, basic and tasty.  Cruised through while driving to cali and needed a quick breakfast.  Fast service and funny people to entertain.  Definitely a down-home feel to it.
2	The hot roast beef was good. The price was cheap but so was the service. After seated we waited five minutes and when the the waiter greeted us he said, "are you ready".  He acted like he had been waiting for us.
2	Great prices, good comfort food and total epic fail on service.  That about sums up all the times I've ever eaten here.  Yesterday was no different, I was driving in the area and my tummy was talking to me.  Out of mere convenience I stopped in here for a quick bite.  The meal was fine but as I was leaving I was told the credit card machine was down.  It would have been nice to know that maybe before I was seated, you think?  Shady shady shady, so anyway I'm told to go to the ATM.  I could have easily dined and dashed but that's just not my style.  When I returned after having paid the ATM surcharge, and my banks surcharge, no sorry, no thank you, no discount for the inconvenience.  Over all my meal was more than double because of that.  So I won't be back, and The Cannery will no longer get any of my business.
4	This is our Friday breakfast spot. It's close to home, it's consistently good, we never to have to wait for a table and it's cheap. At least once, get the Idahoan omelette. It's epic -- hashbrowns, bacon, cheddar and sour cream inside  an omelette, served with toast and more hashbrowns.But the best deal has to be the $3.99 egg & bacon breakfast, served with toast and hashbrowns. Cheap n' cheerful.May is our favorite server, but Oscar is great, too.Go, go any time you like (they're open 24 hours), but not on Friday mornings -- I don't want to have to start waiting for a table.
2	Food is usually pretty good.   I had the Fish and Chips this time and they suck!  The Chicken sandwich for $5.99 is great if they still have it.  Prices are OK, gets cheaper at night but the selection on the graveyard menu is poor.  I have probably ate here 50 times, yeah, I'll go back again.  Only 2 stars because the fish is terrible, didn't even finish it.
4	This is my family's fav. place for dinner.  Wonderful setting, good service, great food for a reasonable price.  My husband and I can go out on a date night to grab dinner and our bill is around $20 (IHOP is more than that!).  Anything I've ever orderred has been great.  If you aren't happy, fill out the customer survey card, they do care and look over them!  The owner of the Cannery group does value the imput of their cusomers!
3	If you are drunk and hungry this place will do the trick. If you are a healthy eater steer clear of this place!  Fried chicken and mashed potatoes, a gyro , or some late night omelettes are what you are going to find here. oh yeah and french fries they have lots of those.
1	BEWARE:  I do not recommend eating here, but if you do, double-check your tab!!  They overcharge for food.  Very sketch and shady place.I came here because I had a coupon for a buy one, get one Victory Breakfast (valued at $3.99) that came with the hotel stay at Cannery's.I ordered two entries, which was supposed to be $3.99 each as stated on the menu, but when the waiter brought up my tab, it was priced as $5.99 each.  When I flagged down a waiter to clarify the discrepancy, he acted confused and then said that the price change would be reflected when I went to pay at the cashier.  So I waited until everyone finished eating to pay...and guess what?  The price didn't change.  The cashier pretended like everything was fine, and since I had already made a big scene with the waiter, I didn't want to seem "cheap" and bring it up AGAIN--it just felt incredibly embarrassing even though I knew I was right.I also used the buy one breakfast, get the $3.99 victory breakfast free coupon, and INSTEAD of taking off the $5.99 charge for one breakfast, they used it as a -$3.99 coupon off the $5.99 they incorrectly charged me with!!!!!!!!!!! WHY state that the breakfast is $3.99 on the coupon BUT THEN CHARGE THE CUSTOMER $5.99 for it??? Absolutely atrocious! As for the level of service, I felt uncomfortable while eating here...the staff members are "fake" friendly.  This experience left a bitter taste in my mouth.  Even though this review is for Victory's Cafe, I would reconsider the possibility of NOT staying at Cannery's hotel again because of this sketchy cafe.
2	While in Las Vegas I met my dad here to watch the Detroit Lions kick off the NFL season. We sat down and waited 10 minutes to get a drink, which was odd because there was only 3 people in the whole place. The Victory Cafe had just reopened after being closed to remodel, and if you ask me there was a lack of tv's and too many tires.  Note to ownership, people don't watch car tires they watch tvs, way to much waisted space.  We ordered an app which was disappointing. The sampler app had 5 things on one platter all done poorly. Chicken wings & strips tossed with a boring sauce.  Cold fried cheese curds, mushy fried mushrooms and some onion rings that were inedible. The Wifi did not work and they were no help getting it fixed.  The Lions game was supposed to start at 10 and they couldn't get it to work. I know you just reopened but Its not hard to turn it to the channel the game is on. We ended up talking our show on the road down Craig street to Bdubs. Get it together guys.
4	My relatives brought me here for dinner while I was in Vegas.Alright, its a casino cafe, parking was busy, loud because of the gamblers and machines...But the food was good and portions were good.price wasnt bad.The service was greatthe staff was very friendly and helpful.
4	Flavor-wise, this was the best bloody mary I've ever had. I just wish they would serve it in something other than a mason jar, as that makes it a little tough to drink. I ended up giving in and using a straw to get at the last of that liquid elixir dripped from the thighs of a goddess. Breakfast was good, nothing too special, but at $3.99, it's hard to beat.If you decide to go here, the cafe is next to the bar. Don't make the same mistake we made, and sit at a table in the bar; the service there was nonexistent. We'd still be sitting there if I hadn't gotten up and asked someone about breakfast.
4	Very moderately priced for a casino diner, great breakfast!!! Burgers are greasy and beautiful
1	As the DUKE of the Cannery I expect more.  I come here almost every day. Since my wife and I have separate shifts I have no food at the house; so, I seek refuge at Victorys.  Needless to say I just purchased a $10.00 side salad.(chef salad. $9.89) I have ordered this salad many times before late night and been completely satisfied and full. The portion has went to hell. (ironically only on swings or day shift)  How about some consistency???.   I think they flat out don't give a damn.  I am absolutely done eating at Victorys unless it is graveyard shift. I feel more robbed than losing at the pai gow table.  Avoid this shitty diner unless late night!
3	This review is for the bar FOOD only! The portions absolutely suck!  A 5"x4" dish with soggy thin bread things that take up the whole plate., leaving a sorry amount of lettuce.  Basically expect a plate of soggy bread instead of a Cesar salad.  The bar itself and the bartenders are awesome.  80" TVs everywhere and a lobster machine.  I just wish they would have left South park pinball out here instead of moving it back to galaxy theater arcade which is not 24 open hours.  I will definitely return; however, i will not be ordering food.
3	This was my first visit for lunch.  The restaurant was located in the Cannery Hotel Casino on Craig Rd in Las Vegas.  My friend had a $25 food voucher and I had a $5 food voucher from spinning the wheel on Web Pass.  We were able to use both food vouchers on one ticket since the vouchers were in different names.I ordered the Mighty Prime Rib Dip with fries.  The Prime Rib was a little fatty.  The creamy horseradish sauce was good.  The fries were hot and crisp.  I also ordered a NY Cheesecake to go.  The cheesecake was rich and creamy.My friend ordered the Taco Salad and Plain Chicken Wings.  The wings came with carrots and celery and Ranch dressing.We will be back since we have more food vouchers.
5	Weekend breakfast was excellent! I had the 2 egg breakfast and hash-browns for $3.99 plus I added 2 thick maple smoked bacon strips for $2.00 more and wonderful sourdough toast. My coffee was great and my waitress was very attentive and friendly. Wife order delicious Texas size (enough for 2) French toast. I'll be back soon.
1	The food inside victory cafe in the cannery is horrible ! Low quality food!
3	Came to Victory's Cafe on a whim since it was late and a lot of other places were closed for dining.  24 cafe baby!  Not bad when you are super hungry and have not-so-super amounts of money in your pocket (damn you...slots).Of course, this being a 24 hour joint, late at night you do attract some interesting people.  This night, I swear half the patrons eating were buzzed, drunk, super drunk, or well on their way on getting super duper drunk.  It was a bit loud and the air reeked of stale Heine(ken)!  Interesting, but not typically my type of crowd.  Luckily no belligerent drunks were trying to bully me, so I kept my left & right guns in their holsters.  No gun show tonight!  P90X you have become the bane of my existence.  Victory Cafe does have some late night specials as well as serving breakfast all day, which appealed to me.  Omelettes, skillets, pancakes, waffles, French toast, could all be had.  Because sometimes...you just want breakfast for dinner DARNIT!  The wifey thinks breakfast for dinner is illegal, so I constantly ask for Portuguese Sausage, Spam, eggs & rice for our evening meal.  Yeah, I'm like that.The $9.99 Prime Rib special looked like a decent cut, but I wasn't feeling it that night.  So we just ordered off the regular menu.  I got a Build Your Own Burger, which I kept pretty basic with just Cheddar cheese, lettuce, tomato, pickle, and onion with a side of fresh potato chips.  The lady got a Philly Cheese Steak that had sliced beef with onions, peppers, and mushrooms topped with Swiss cheese with a side of potato salad.  Sounds like late night eats to me!Overall the food wasn't bad.  Nothing great, but it's hard to mess up a burger and a sandwich.  It's akin to what you would find in most late night eateries in just about any casino cafe here in Las Vegas.  Food for those that need to sober up so they can take their losing @$$es home.  Yes folks, majority of us gamblers here are LOSERS.  Make no mistake, that 99.7% payback on video poker and slots eventually lands you to ZERO!My burger was cooked right, medium with a bit of pink, and the bun was thankfully toasted on the grill.  Cheese was nice and sharp, and the produce in my burger was fresh.  The big surprise was the fresh made potato chips!  They were great!  Nice, hot, and super crisp.  I ate these up with a side of Ranch dressing.  But they were just as good with a splash of hot sauce on top.  A welcome substitute for fries.  The wifey's Philly Cheese Steak was OK.  Nothing notable to write about, it just wasn't the best she's had.  Her potato salad was good, but for some reason it tastes very similar to the kind you can find in bulk at your local Costco or Sam's Club.  Which isn't all that bad, but something more home made would have been nice.  I will gladly go back to the Victory Cafe again if I'm on that side of town and want a quick and cheap bite to eat.  And possibly if I'm as drunk as a skunk.  There's a lot of heft in their menu and other things I would definitely give a try.  I love a good Denver omelette or a Club sandwich.  But I will definitely go back for some of those fresh made potato chips!  Victory is mine!
5	My boyfriend and I rolled in after 11pm last night to split a club sandwich. I don't know what it is about this place, but they know how to make a killer club- I've tried imitating it with no luck.FOOD:The sandwiches here are huge, so Jason and I always split the club. We special order it with half ham, half turkey (it usually comes as a turkey club). On the side we got chips and cole slaw. All of the food was awesome as always, it came out exactly as ordered and split on two plates, both had garnishing. We were pleasantly surprised that it came out like it was meant to be two dishes. Loved it.SERVICE: Amazingly, better than the sandwich was the service we received this time around. Our server, May (according to the receipt), seemed to be reading our minds- a quality of a superior wait staff. Our drinks would linger with one sip in the bottom and she'd be out with another glass. I hate when servers drop the check while I'm still dining (even when they make sure to say that there isn't a rush, it always makes me feel a little rushed), and May dropped the check off a few moments after I finished my last bite. I love not asking for anything while I'm dining, and May received the first 50% tip I'd given out in quite a while. Absolutely no complaints about the food or service- Refreshing isn't it?
5	Always cheap and good food! And 24 hours
4	My wife and I have eaten here a few times and for the most part have been satisfied. The chicken fried steak and corned beef and hash are amongst my wife's favorites. Although the hash is clearly out of the can, they do it right.
2	Diner food done at a typical diner level.
4	This place has a great breakfast special for only $5.99 ( eggs bacon hashbrowns toast) and it was a huge portion. I liked how the toast comes in a basket..very cute. Although it was busy on a Friday morning ( buffet is closed until 10:30) the service was great and food was good. Great job Cannery!  You stepped up your game. I was pleasantly surprised.
5	I order the pot roast & you can't beat it for $10! It's a little heavy on the gravy but I ask for light gravy or get it on the side. You can pull it apart with a fork... Super yummy! Love, love, love, love... You get the point.
1	Save your money, this is the absolute worse in casino eating I have experienced. Avoid the omelette, talk about overcooked eggs. Coffee was absolutely horrible being  both weak and bitter, tasted like it was water with coffee flavoring.And other family members complained that the steak was tough as shoe leather. Avoid this place, you are better off getting your coffee from a minimart, and you can save the tip.
3	Wound up at Victory's kind of by default. It was the only place to grab some grub inside the Cannery after 10:00pm. As far as "cafe" food goes, it wasn't too bad. The french fries were hot and crispy. The service was good and the Club Sandwhich hit the spot. The iced tea tasted instant and I was a little disappointed with the cheese stick appetizers. They seemed a little generic, kind of like you would expect to make at home from your grocery store's freezer. There are plenty of other eateries in the area, but for what it is, Victory's Cafe puts one in the win column. Nothing that would keep me from coming back, but I won't be driving across town just for the food.
4	I am assuming Victory's cafe is now Victory's bar and grill located inside the Cannery. In the past month I have probably been here 3 or 4 times. I love watching my sports here. I can watch my football and baseball at the same time! I am a sucker for the fried oysters here. I wish they would have a bigger selection to order from though, the menu is quite limited. The service is amazing, just seems understaffed every time I go Monday or Thursday nights.
5	Victory's Cafe is a total VICTORY in my book!We popped into Victory's Cafe to grab a quick bite to eat before a movie.  When we got to the host stand, we were greeted with a big hello and a huge smile.  What a great way to start the meal!  We were seated immediately and had our drink order taken within a minute.  The guy who took our drink order was so happy and friendly.  Our server came over to us within another 2 minutes.  She was friendly and welcoming too, as well as good at her job!  Seriously, everyone in the joint must be on happy pills because they were all so nice.  I am just not used to this at most of the local casino cafes.  It is so nice to be around happy people!The menu here is pretty large with a lot of variety.  They also have a lot of different specials going on throughout the week.  The prices were all very reasonable too, especially when you see how much food you get on your plate!  Almost everything was under $10 for a full meal.We went with the Rueben and Buffalo Fried Chicken Sandwiches.  Both were awesome!  I'll start with the Rueben.  It was a triple decker style club style sandwich.  It easily had 1/2 a pound of meat alone on the thing!  It was a super duper tasting Rueben and one of the best ones in town that  have tasted.  The Buffalo Fried Chicken Sandwich was fantastic as well.  It came with a huge fried chicken breast covered in a spicy Buffalo sauce.  The chicken was cooked perfectly!  It was golden brown with the perfect amount of crunch.  DROOL! The Buffalo sauce was just hot enough to make your nose run a little and give you that oh so good burn on your tongue.  I had it with some blue cheese dressing and it sealed the deal on my love of this sandwich! Now for the beauty that is now as a french fry.  The sandwiches could come with all sorts of sides like potato salad, veggies, and of course FRENCH FRIES.  Seriously, is there even a choice when french fries are an option?  Not in my book, baby!  The fries were thing thin style fries with some sort of coating on them, similar to beer batter.  My fries were the definition of perfection!  They were prepared wonderfully, with a slight crunch on the outside with a little bit of fluffiness on the inside.  Yum, yum, yummy, yum, yum!!!We aren't regulars at the Cannery, but I see us eating here every time we come to this part of town.  Well now that have have relived last night meal, my mouth is watering for my next meal at Victory's Cafe!
1	HAIR IN FOOD!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!order the breakfast platter with eggs bacon and hashbrowns. I found a hair in the hashbrown........... Lost appetite after that.. No more victorys for me or the family.
4	Good food for the price!!! Recommend getting the chili cheese fries!!! They're delicious!!! Breakfast is always a winner too!!!!
1	The burger that I ordered was still frozen in the inside and the meat smelled like it was going bad but the french fries were awesome.
5	$6.28 for 2 scrambled eggs, bacon, hashbrowns and sourdough toast. What a deal! Ingredients were fresh and delish. Service was friendly smiley and quick. Its located in the casino so its a little smokey inside but not so much in this restaurant. If there were anything to really gripe about itd be i had to butter my own toast. Lol
4	We stopped in Victory's Cafe for lunch before seeing a movie at the Galaxy Theater (which is AWESOME, BTW), and we were both pleasantly surprised at how good the food and service was at this hotel-casino diner. (Not sure why it's listed on Yelp as a "bar and grill," but whatever...)My husband had his old standby: fish and chips. I wasn't too hungry, so I had a half-size Chinese chicken salad. First off, I love the fact that they offer half-size salads because I can never finish a full-size order and it's sometimes not feasible to bring the leftovers home (like today). This salad wasn't the best I've had, but it was pretty good. And my husband LOVED his fish and chips. Three big fillets, a HUGE pile of fries, some bland cole slaw (could have left that off), and a small ear of corn (?).At restaurants like this, I usually order a club sandwich but, as I said, I wasn't that hungry and I didn't want to bring back leftovers, so I opted for the salad. A customer at the next table DID order the club sandwich, and it sure looked tasty. In fact, all the food around us looked and smelled great. And our waitress served up a smile to each and every customer in the place. Although the location is a little far from our home, we've found a new favorite theater in the Galaxy, so we'll definitely be coming back to the Cannery. And we'll probably be stopping in at Victory's Cafe, only next time it will be AFTER the movie, so we can take home the leftovers!
4	Good food and great prices! Honestly there is nothing on the menu I have tried and not liked so far.Sometimes service is a little slow though.This is the only good place to eat in the Cannery.Stay away from the diarrhea buffet lol
4	Stumbled across the lovely Victory's during my free play and stay package from the station casinos! There was no wait and we were seated right away which is always a plus!! After accumulating so many points my friend was able to score us a free room along with some food vouchers that gave us $25 off any restaurant located within the casino! Well we actually picked this place by default because it was so late and everything else closes at either 9-10 PM! Glad we did they had pretty good service for the most part AND some amazing fish and chips!! Ordered that along with the catfish platter and mozzarella sticks everything was super fresh and came out in a very good time! Didn't have any room for desert but I'm sure that would've been just as good as the rest of our meal!
2	Never again! ! I ordered a steak medium and got a dried out piece of paper!  The manager was low key rude at first about it. So on top of waiting forever the food was super bad. They made me another steak that had zero flavor. Must have been marinated in water. They only charged us $10.80 for our whole order in the end. They need a better cook and faster service.  I still left a tip.
5	Great chicken fried steak.  I'm a coffee lover and I salute business that leave a carafe on your table! Great service @ 2300,left full & happy!
