5	This hilarious little weekly newspaper takes a satirical look at the day's news events, spoofing everything from pop culture to religion to international politics.  I'd like to point out that the little rag was started in Madison, where the exact location of their office was long kept secret and every Wednesday when the new issue hit the stands, all eyes across the campus landscape were fixed to its pages.  Good for many chuckles then and now.
5	Love it.  It's like the Daily Show of Newspapers.  You can find it anywhere around campus and in lots of locations all over Madison.  I have literally laughed outloud while reading it.  Don't miss it!
5	They did get started here--one of their early issues mentioned that Vilas Hall's utility would be markedly increased if it were turned sideways, as it'd be easier to get into. And even without the roots, it's still some of the best arts coverage in town.
5	I like to read. I read quite a bit. I read books, magazines, a newspapers.  There is only one publication that I read cover to cover, every story.  This publication would be the Onion! This is excellent coverage of everything in a very satirical, hilarious manner.  There is nothing that is taboo to pole fun at which is why I love this paper.  Very good entertainment!
5	I love The Onion. There's nothing not to love - unless you have no sense of humor. I'm kicking myself for taking the free issues around the UW campus for granted. I've learned to cope by reading the onion online but it's not the same as having that paper in front of you in the middle of statistics class. It's what got me through a good portion of my classes. No really, it did.
5	Simply hilarious.  If you read through the first couple pages of any edition of this paper without laughing you need your pulse checked.  The Onion rocks, a Madison original that has spread nationally because it's so entertaining.
5	I have been laughing at the Onion's take on current events and culture for well over a decade.
5	Love this paper!!  If only everyone else could look at life with a sense of humor like the Onion.
3	Could be better.  Front page stories are quite clever and very funny.  Inside is rather boring and unfunny.
5	It's funny! It's free! It's America's Finest News Source! I moved to Madison just so I could get The Onion in print so that should tell you something. Or not.
