5	ANS Auto Detailing is a small local company with high quality service and competitive pricing. They are extremely flexible, able to service personal vehicles, RVs, boats and even corporate fleets. If you're looking for the best auto detail with the lowest rates, ANS Auto is your best bet. Call them for price quotes, or visit their website for more information.
5	I have been very pleased with the service I have received from these guys.  Always on time and professional.  They wash my cars weekly and always do a great job.  This service is much better than waiting at the car wash for a half hour and their prices are competitive with what I would pay at a car wash.  Two thumbs up for A.N.S.
4	I recently got a new car and wanted to make sure I had a good polish and wax job done before summer gets here.  Phoenix is known for eating the unprotected paint off of cars in the summer heat.  I called Andrew from ANS auto detailing after reading about him here on Yelp.  Andrew was very courteous, had competitive pricing, and worked with me to find a time that worked with my schedule.ANS is s fully mobile detail shop.  This keeps their overhead low and allows them to travel to you for the same price that you'd pay to take your car somewhere else.  They use Meguiar's auto products which is a very respectable brand and definitely know their stuff.The detailer that came to me was on time, very polite, and walked through exactly what he was going to do.  A full exterior detail (wash, clay bar, polish, wax) took a little under two hours.  The car was immaculate when he was done and he had clearly improved the finish of my new car.The detailer also went the extra mile by pointing out the scratches on the chrome that he couldn't get out (I would never have found them on my own) and asking me to take a good look around to ensure I was fully satisfied.  I definitely was.The reason for the four star review was because, a day later when I looked at the car, it was clear he had missed some spots where there was still  bit of wax between the insignia on the back of my car and a couple other areas.  I spent about 5 minutes touching up those spots with a microfiber cloth and that took care of it.  In the futire, I'd expect them to take care of this (and for me to catch it) so they are definitely capable of a 5 star review from me in the future.give them a call a try them out!
2	I'd love to give these guys a better review, because they were very friendly and professional.  However, I was very dissapointed with the service I received.  I'll type the one sarcastic comment that I can't get out of my head and then I'll get to the more substantial feedback.  I thought a detail was supposed to be a little more DETAILED.Here are the positives, because I want to give credit where credit is due.  The guys come to you and are very polite.  They were a little delayed, but called to let me know which I appreciated.  Also, they do a great job at steam cleaning the carpets and the exterior wax job was awesome.On to the negatives.  When I came out to see the work they did, I immediately noticed several smudges in the interior which they cleaned after I pointed them out.  Also, I noticed a scratch on the passenger side leather seat and a hole punched in the carpet near the pedals.  Anyone who knows me knows that I am a DETAIL oriented person.  Those defects were not present in my car prior to this job.  To add to this bit of a let-down, a day later my boyfriend and I noticed that they didn't even touch my trunk!  They didn't even bother to vacuum it out!When you advertise on your website "showroom quality," I expect showroom quality.  Overall review: good job on the exterior, attention to detail in the interior was very poor.  I am really dissapointed that the attention to detail just wasn't there.  I was expecting so much more from a detail job.
5	My husband has now used A.N.S. twice for a wash/detail service.  Andrew showed up on time and was very pleasant.  Both times, the detail work was fantastic and we couldn't be happier with the results.  The first appointment was specifically done to detail a car that we were trying to sell, and I can guarantee that we probably made money on the wash as we got asking price for the car and nothing but compliments from prospective buyers.  Awesome job!
5	I found Andrew/ANS, on Yelp yesterday. After reading the reviews I left him a message. He called me back within a few minutes and scheduled to clean 2 cars and a motorhome this morning at the house. He showed up on schedule with 2 guys and got to work right away.The reviews were old so I wasn't sure what to expect but thought we'd take a chance...and I'm so glad we did! The work was excellent, very detailed and the guys were very polite! We will definitely use them again.
5	Steve RamsthelScottsdale, AZI found ANS on the internet over the weekend and was impressed with their Yelp ratings.  Called him on Saturday and scheduled a complete detail for two of my cars at my home in NE Scottsdale.  They arrived today on time with  a crew of three and completed both cars in about 2.5 hours.  The cars look incredible! Was thinking about selling one of my cars but now have decided not to as it looks like It just came off the showroom floor.  Will do business with these guys again!
