4	If you're a central Phoenician or westsider, this is a hidden gem for nails!  I've been going here for over a year now - admittedly on an almost monthly basis!  The affordable pedicures include the best callous removal, great massage chairs and a nice staff.  They always, always, always have my silver polish and they are very sweet to my daughter when they do her toes (her favorite treat).  They also do waxing here as well if your eyebrows need a little support!
4	Based on other reviews on yelp I tried this place out.   I was a little away from my normal part of town, and did a search for a nail place near my location.  I was NOT disappointed. I had a very nice pedicure for a good value.  They give you a menu so you can choose your service in advance.  This cuts back on the upsells and lets you enjoy your relaxing indulgence.  I upgraded to have my heels worked over, They were thorough, did a nice job, and for a great value, monetarily.  The folks who worked there were pleasant.  I will definitely return!
3	Went here for a mani pedi yesterday.  The workers were all really nice and friendly...one of them even played with my dog while i did my nails.  I liked everything about what they did (my technician drew 2 beautiful flowers on my toes).  The only thing I don't like is their limited supply of nail polish choices.  Other than that, I give it a 3 stars.
4	Needed polish removal and repolish. Friendly Fast service! Very nice clean environment with up to date equipment. They saw me Immediately. I didn't get the pedi but they do hot stone massage and for a great price! Totally worth it! ;) Will be back!
5	After I took my mother to get her nails done, whoa! I gotta say this place provided a good service and the place is clean as always. The price is decent, worth every penny, and also the workers are always nice and keep you accompany most of the time. All their equipments are up to date, and they keep all of their equipments clean and preventing them from damaging. That's it all, this place is just whoa, not even words can describe this place. I'd give it a 5 stars!
4	Always friendly and do a great job. If you like nail art Tina is fantastic.
2	Standard nail shop. One of the girls is over the top rude. Nothing special but they will make sure to do a complete job and fix whatever is needed. There is one tech that is amazing but the others are standard and rude. They are also slow at times if you get the wrong tech. I took my sister in once and she saw a nail tech spit in the foot tub and rinse it out. She refused to go in after that. I've only does nails since but after a visit where the tech was arguing with a customer and then came back talking to me about them, I am changing shops for good.
5	We love this place. We have been coming here for over 5 years. The girls are always quick to greet us. They are always friendly and always fit us in.
5	Have been getting my nails done for years. Just came back to this place a few months ago and boy am I glad I did. Tina is great and quick. Used to take 2 hours to have my nails done. I have heard the other nail techs do a great job also. I won't change places again.
