5	What a wonderful experience in a relaxed, quiet setting.  Ashley is always professional, calming and extremely helpful by providing useful information about skin care.  I always feel refreshed after an hour with her, and my skin looks fabulous as well!  I highly recommend Ashley's services!
5	I have been going to Ashley for over a year.  I mainly go for eyelash extensions.  She is amazing!  I actually found her by following a woman around Neiman Marcus because her eyelashes were so perfect!  I have also had microderm abrasion, glycolic peels and facials.  All her services are excellent and reasonably priced.  She is upstairs in a salon, it can be tricky to find.  Ashley is easy to talk to and is super flexible.  Shoot her a text if you need a quick fill.  I highly recommend Ashley!  Skip the fancy spas and go see her!
5	I went in to see Ashley after purchasing a groupon deal for a facial and foot scrub. oh my goodness was this a treat! Ashley was super easy to talk to and I highly recommend her. Best facial I've had. She's considerate and walks you through each step of the facial (which is nice for people like me who don't regularly get them). I went around the holidays and she offered a pumpkin facial, definitely refreshing!Also, the room she works in it upstairs of a hair salon. it's relaxing, peaceful and quiet. Perfect environment. She also offers add-ons that are very affordable. I am looking forward to going back!
5	I've had a lot of facials over the years & I must say that Ashley should be training others on how to give amazing service to lock in lifetime, repeat customers.  She talks you through every step of the process.  You're never left wondering "what's she doing back there?".  She also takes good care of you while various masks are curing on your skin, massaging your head, neck, shoulders, & feet.  The salon that she works in, Dre's, is also fabulous.  I've driven by it 100's of times & never knew how nice it was inside!  Thanks Ashley!
5	I was on vacation in Scottsdale and Ashley was recommended to me. I'm so glad I decided to check her out! My experience with Ashley was 100% top notch! The salon was beautiful, and so was Ashley's private room.  The bed was comfortable, the lighting and music was also very relaxing.  Ashley is a true professional in every way, this was my first facial and microdermabrasion so she talked me through every step explaining everything that she was doing and the purpose of every product. She was very gentle and so were all of the products she used (plus everything smelled wonderful).  My treatment felt even more deluxe because she game me a scalp, neck, shoulder and arm massage as well ( I had no idea those even came with skin treatments).  I was very impressed with my results, my skin was baby soft (still is weeks later) and all of my bumps and blackheads were gone.  I would highly recommend going to see Ashley to anyone who really wishes to pamper themselves! I will definitely be visiting Ashley again next time I am in Scottsdale!
5	I have had eyelash extensions for a little over a year now, and after a few horrible experiences with 'group on' deals with other salons, I found Ashley. I absolutely LOVE my extensions now! Ashley does such a great job-- they look so natural, they are a reasonable price, and Ashley will squeeze me in ASAP for a fill (just shoot her a txt!) She is such a doll too-- so easy to talk to, and makes you feel absolutely comfortable!I will never look anywhere else-- Ashley is the best!
5	I bought a 60 minute European facial from Groupon. Ashley is amazing. My skin feels amazing! She explains everything going on and talks to you about how you should change up your skin care routine. I loved my whole experience here and can't wait to go back!
5	I went to get a 60 minute Euro facial with Ashley, and she was Amazing!!!!  She did a great job with the facial and my skin felt amazing just with an hour treatment. She was sweet and talked about my skin type and what I can do to keep it looking healthy.  She made me feel very relaxed and I loved the whole atmosphere at the facial place.
5	I found Ashley (ABA) through Yelp. She had 5 stars across the board and it's easy to see why. I've had eyelash extensions before, but they always began falling out after only a few weeks, with Ashley, they lasted so much longer! My lashes look so lush and full I don't think I'll ever go back to my natural lashes! Ashley's work space is clean and tranquil, making for an amazingly relaxing experience. She's very steady handed and will explain to you the steps of the process as she goes through, warning you of any possibly oddities you may feel (like a slight pull or tug when making sure there wasn't any extra/stray glue). Not to mention how friendly she is! It totally feels as though I've known her for years. Now that I found ABA, I don't see myself going to another place for lashes in the future. I 100% recommend Ashley for eyelash extensions; you can certainly tell that she takes pride in her work with end results.
5	Ashley is absolutely wonderful!! I started going to her a few months ago for lash extensions and I LOVE HER.  Everything about getting and then maintaining the extensions has been a wonderful experience, not to mention she has transformed my beauty life:) She is very professional and highly skilled, yet she makes you feel like an old friend.  I look forward to my appointments because I know I can just relax and enjoy an hour of pampering.  As for my lashes, I get compliments everywhere I go...they look amazing!!  I am a marathon runner and for the first time in over a dozen races I look good for the finish line photos..hehehe!!  Her prices are very reasonable, I am a club member, and I always feel like a VIP.  I had a huge dilemma a few days before leaving on a trip and Ashley went above and beyond to help me out...I mean she really went out of her way for me and that is a rarity these days (that I do not plan on taking advantage of again:) Anyway...she's the very best, and I absolutely LOVE LOVE LOVE my eyelashes, and I highly recommend her to everyone:) (Besides all of the above, she is just a wonderful person with a really sweet smile:)
5	I have to admit that ever since the idea of eyelash extensions peaked my interest I was in between Ashley and another place, initially I chose the other place and pretty much immediately regretted it, but mistakes must be made in life. Well luckily I decided to give lash extensions another chance and make an appt with Ashley. So happy I did, not only was she more professional and friendly but her work was a million times better for much less of a cost. I'm super stoked to be going to Ashley every few weeks to keep my lashes looking gorgeous.  If you're reading this review avoid my mistake and just go to Ashley first!!
5	Ashley is fantastic! I got my first set of eyelash extensions yesterday and found Ashley by searching online. After reading how all of her customers love her and her work, I can definitely understand why! She is super easy to contact and will try her hardest to fit you in for an appointment. She explained the process while she was putting on my extensions and did an excellent job. She is super sweet and easy to talk to. The Lash Club can't be beat, either - super affordable.I don't anticipate going to anyone else for my eyelash extensions!
5	I found Ashley through a Groupon and I'm so happy I did. She was very professional and explained how each product worked as she applied it- which I really appreciated. Her studio was very clean and relaxing. I will definitely be coming back to Ashley for my future facials!
5	Important note - Yelp has not been updated with her new suite #, she is now in suite 16 (not 25). Ashley was fantastic! She was incredibly helpful in trying to assist me with getting a last-minute appointment, including giving multiple referrals and then ultimately fitting me in when she had a cancellation. She was friendly, easy to communicate with, thorough, efficient, and careful. She introduced me to a new style of lash (c-curl), which I just LOVE. She's wonderful and I highly recommend her to everyone!!
5	Ashley was so accommodating and got me in with Sheri on super short notice while I was in town on business for a much needed lash fill. Sheri did an AWESOME job! Will definitely be back when I'm in town and need a lash fill. Thanks so much, ladies!!!
5	I moved to PHX in February from NC and I was really worried about finding the right lash technician. I had some bad experiences in NC and am very picky about my lashes. I went on yelp and found ABA, and went to Sherri and was immediately hooked on her, she is AWESOME. She does an amazing job with my lashes, they last a long time, and she is super cool to chat with too. I get compliments constantly on my lashes and most people think they are real. I have been to Ashley too when I couldn't get in with Sherri and she is fantastic too! I'm so glad I found them :)
5	Ashley has been a true find!  I have jumped around from lash place to lash place looking for the right fit.  Ashley is the best and I am a long time lash girl!  Complete indulgence but I am addicted to the ease and the gorgeous look of lash extension. They stay on so well, they are the right length, curve etc.  She knows what she's doing and could not be more professional, personal and a true sweetheart!  In the past I have had lashes that do not stay on, that after a few days are going in every direction, and that overall just did not look great!  Every fill I have had with Ashley has been perfect!  She is easy to schedule with, accommodating and her salon is extremely  clean, relaxing and the most comfortable spa table you will find anywhere.  I am looking forward to my next appointment to have a pedicure done during my lash appt. (cool new spa table with a pedi bowl at the end, talk about being spoiled)As you can see from all of the reviews, you will not be disappointed at Ashley's Beauty Bar, the entire staff is wonderful!
5	My eyes look just amazing with my new lashes.  Good bye mascara!  I even fall asleep when I get them touched up, it is so relaxing.  I love the shop and everyone I have met is very professional.  Ashley is a true find!!
5	Ashley has moved locations!  She is now in a much larger location with multiple rooms and even a cute waterfall.  She now offers nail and massage services at her place.  Her new combined service option is so awesome!!   I was there for under 2 hours and got a gel mani/pedi and lash fill.  Pretty awesome!!!!!   Go see Ashley!
3	I got a facial and they did not have sheets on the table. Literally there was only a blanket and a table pad.  I didn't pay much attention to this until after my service when I saw the same blanket being used for a person after me. The man at the counter who is apparently Ashley's husband was rude and was having a loud conversation about sports with another man in the spa. It is a spa setting and I just felt that it was unprofessional when I came there to relax and have a pampering day. Additionally, he quoted me the wrong price for the mani/pedi and only told me after the service when I was paying that he was mistaken about the price. I heard Ashley is great, but I had another aesthetician and she was also great for the facial. Place was clean, but I'm giving them only 3 stars because I got a mani/ pedi and they had very limited colors. It was uncomfortable not to have a foot stool in the room they use for the mani/pedi. Man/ husband was unprofessional and it really was distasteful.
5	Always go to EWC. Will never again. Product actually similar, however, Jenn  did my Brazilian. Absolutely love her. Will never go anywhere else. You now have a loyal customer because of her. She is an absolute asset. Had a conversation with me that totally took my mind off of any discomfort . She was quick and  fast.  I will not see anyone but her. Thanks so much proud to be a new customer.
4	I loved the "super facial" I received by Jennifer yesterday. The cherry mask is a great choice for all of it's enzymes, especially melanin, added a fabulous and gentle microdermabrasion, lemongrass mask, gentle extractions. Great environment! I am doing a monthly pass for an express facial on a monthly basis to prep for my wedding in 6 months. Very affordable. Basically each microdermabrasion is bundled into the 1/2 hr express facial so I can focus on that more and for the same price of $50. Six 1/2 hr facials for $300 at a very clean spa (they have 4 or 5 treatment rooms) with nice staff and aesthetician = money well spent! :-)
5	Went to Ashley's Beauty Bar for the first time the other day for a brow wax with Lynn, and I must say it was amazing! The facility is very clean and beautiful! And Lynn did a wonderful job waxing my brows, they look amazing! I will definitely be back!
5	All of the ladies in this salon are amazing.  Get a facial/lashes from Kodi.  Get lashes by Ashely (the owner), she's awesome and so particular, which I love.  Get a mani pedi from their super sweet nail tech.  I'm a very, very picky person and they do an awesome job on every treatment, and are so accommodating to my busy schedule.  They call me when earlier openings are available and try to help minimize my time in the salon so I can back to my busy life.  Did you know they can do lashes, mani and pedis all at the same time, so you are in and out in 1.5 hrs!!  I suggest this salon to everyone-but especially busy moms and entrepreneurs that are always short on time.
5	I had a full set of eyelash extensions done in mid-November and a fill at the end of November, both before a trip for which I wanted my lashes to look great without needing to use mascara as I knew I'd be in the pool and the ocean.I'd had lash extensions done once before (elsewhere) and was not happy with it - It was way too over the top and I felt like a drag queen (no offense to drag queens) so it was with great trepidation that I scheduled an appointment with Ashely and I spent some time beforehand talking to her about what I didn't like about the previous experience...she really heard what I was saying and did such a great job of working with what I wanted......and I absolutely LOVED the look Ashely gave me - very natural, not too dramatic.   In fact, my lashes STILL look great almost a month after my fill and don't even look like they need another fill yet.....they have lasted much longer than I expected!Also, I was really impressed with how warm and friendly Ashley is, as well as all of her staff - they are a terrific group who really made me feel comfortable and relaxed....the environment at Ashley's Beauty Bar is very "spa-like" and peaceful, and Ashley has such a gentle touch and soothing voice that I nearly fell asleep while she was doing my lashes.  I also took advantage of her multiple service option, and had a mani/pedi done at the same time - I was planning to go elsewhere to get that done after my lashes, so finding out that I could get it done at the same time was a HUGE timesaver for me!Initially I thought I'd just do this lash extension thing for my trip, but I love the way they look so much that I'll be keeping them a bit longer....I'm going to schedule my next fill soon!
