3	So far, the best I've found in Las Vegas. But that's not really saying much. Came in for a fill. The gentleman who did my fill was meticulous and was clear on what I wanted. He wasn't very conversational, but thats ok. I would rather come out with good nails rather than good conversation. The gentleman who airbrushed my white tips was very conversational, except when I showed him that one of my nails was airbrushed thicker than the other he brushed me off and said thats the way its supposed to look...I hate that. What happened to customer service being what the customer wanted. Will probably come back here though because acrylic fills are only $15 (+$5 for airbrush).
3	I stumbled across this place last month as I rushed around E Flamingo trying to find a place to fix the damage done to my nails by T-Nails. I ran into Nails Expo where three older ladies were sitting on the couch and were all very nice! They could obviously see how traumatized I was! ;o) lol. . . .So they fixed my one nail and re-did the rest, for the cost of only the one nail and they made me promise I would come back, so I did.Today I got a full-set of acrylics and as Crystalia mentioned, not too much conversation, but I too would much rather have good nails than conversation. Lisa, who did my nails, did a great job and for a great price, she took her time filing, buffing and painting. I also noticed they have a deluxe pedicure with a 30 minute foot massage for only $40! I am so going back. . . .
1	When i first walked in the lady didnt even greet me then i asked if she could do a fill so i sat down at desk then asked me what they put on my nail i told her her so she start to file but man what a bad attitude very unfriendly i will never go back and im visiting dont go!!!!!
3	Stopped by here to get a mani-pedi today and they did a good job. Not the best I've ever had, but for what I paid, they were great. Not too chatty, like other commenters have said, but I like that sometimes. Their prices are really good, too. $30 for a mani-pedi, or just $10 for a pedi. I'll probably go back.
4	I've been there twice and both times they stayed until after close for me. I got a pedi and a fill the first time and both were great - she even recognized that my nails were done poorly (way too thick) last time at another place and fixed them. I got my nails done both times by I believe her name is Phuong. She is obviously a perfectionist and even though she makes sure she does a great job she's also quick. I will definitely go back here even though it's across town from me!
1	My bf and I went today and they did a 1/2 a$$ job on my nails. (they seemed to rush a do a sloppy job) as 2 walk-in's came in.My bf got a pedicure but, she didn't massage his feet and he requested a clear coat polish and didn't receive it. We obviously weren't their priority. Rather than bitch, we decided to pay, leave and never go back. Save your money folks and go somewhere else!!!!!
2	First, I only went here because I was around the area and thought of pampering myself. Despite the low star reviews, I gave it a shot just because maybe it has improved. This is by the way, the second nail salon I've been to since I arrived in March this year.The place looks fine: tidy, tools seem clean and very easy to locate. The reason I'm giving 2 stars is because :First, the selection of nail polish was too limited, I would have expected more like other nail salons (or shop). Next, despite the 'sort of head' was pleasant in greeting me upon entering the door, it felt as though she was in a hurry even though there was only 2 of us customers at the time. I availed of their mani and pedi service worth $30. Next, the staff who did my mani and pedi: after the first round of cutting my toenails, I told her that I still didn't feel comfortable as there is still something bothering me on my bigger toes (ingrown), and she responded saying she will cut more, and she did. Then, I told her to please lessen the ingrown some more (if that's how you call it) and she did, which felt better. But wait, there's more...And definitely 2 stars because: it's been only 5 days and my big toes are hurting because of the ingrown. I don't think that should happen. It would usually take two weeks (knowing my body) for that to grow. I know that there is always room for improvement and hopefully it will take place. I look forward to this and hoping to read better reviews in the future.
