3	This Starbuck's is in downtown Las Vegas, in the first floor of a hi-rise building. Sometimes it is hard to find street parking, so if you go into the building's parking lot and come out in a hurry, like 10 minutes, they won't charge you. Inside is nice, like you would expect in a hi-rise building, with  most of the customers working in the building or running errands to and from the building. This is not that far from the County Courthouse, which is a huge architectural behemoth across the street a few blocks.And if you go in the early morning, there is usually a line winding out of the corner down the street at 330 4th street, where the Mexican Consulate is located, and people are waiting to get paperwork from there as soon as it opens.
3	A lot of Starbucks reviews this week.  I must be tired.  This is my other Starbucks and the closest one to the courthouses, federal or state.  It's inside the Bank of America building on the first floor.  The Starbucks can only validate before 10am and only for 20 minutes so it's better just to park elsewhere.The line gets crazy long at this Starbucks and there isn't much room by the pick up counter so I hope you aren't claustrophobic!  The staff here is nice, although not as nice as my neighborhood location, and they do make the hot English muffin sandwiches.  Yay!
4	This Starbucks location is downtown near the court house on Lewis St. With that being said many people may automatically assume that his location is a dump. Its actually not! Great baristas who are jolly and excited to get you up and running with your Starbucks fix. It's definitely smaller than normal Starbucks locations but thay because its located on the main floor of the corporate Bank of America building. Very clean environment, still offers wi-fi, could have more space for customers.
4	This is my place for a pick me up after spending time at the RJC (courthouse).  The staff are super friendly.  The orders are processed fast.  It is in the Bank of America building that also hold Social Security Office of Disability Adjudication and Review (ODAR).  It is a prime location and the staff still work it.  Even in the afternoon, they have goodies if you have not had a chance to eat and were working too hard.  There is not a lot of setting here, but I rarely stay.  I am usually walking in and back out to my office with my coffee and/or snack.
4	Had jury duty for a week and a half. I doubt I would have been able to survive without this place. It's a Starbucks, it serves what I need. Service was great, although the line was a little bit long, but that's to be expected.
3	It's a small Starbucks but is inside the Bank of American building.  No pluses, no minuses.
2	I am not a real big fan of fast-food type coffee houses. I think they are overpriced and I prefer the taste of my coffee at home. Nonetheless, there are times when you are out and you need caffeine fix and all there is is Starbucks. I always order a latte. It is the simplest, cheapest option besides regular coffee, which for me always tastes kind burnt. When I was younger, and did not care about calorie count, I would order the mocha Frappuccino. Alas, I prefer to eat my calories. This location has been renovated, and it is much nicer and airier that before. They also have a nice patio outside for people watching (and to laugh at people going the wrong way, 4th street is one way guys).
3	Sure you come to Starbucks for the coffee. That's the excuse you use to come here, but for me it's only half the reason I enjoy it. The other half is to grab a seat and crush some work, read a paper or just clickity clack on the phone in a chill atmosphere. That part of the 'bucks is completely lost here. Stuffed in an office building lobby, this is more of a walk-thru Starbucks than anything. A few tables and a bathroom is all there is here. Waiting for your coffee is a bit of a pain as well, as there isn't a ton of room to stand around. The coffee is standard 'bucks, so if you need your fix stop by, just don't plan on staying for a while.
5	Although it is position in a business building and it's not your typical bucks, it's the best in town! The employees are always welcoming and even remember our drinks. We work in this area so we don't mind the business. Although busy they are super fast! My favorite Starbucks in the city!
4	It was literally a fast interaction.  Working downtown one day, a couple of us needed a cup of joe to help us wake.  I, just needed a refresher.  This location is in some big government building on 4th and Bridger downtown.  Right up the steps, you'll find a very busy location!  Government officials, hipsters, tourists, everyone is there.  When we arrived, there was a long line and I thought, gosh, I'm never going to get my drink.  I was proved wrong very quickly.  The staff is efficient, personable and on point!  I ordered a venti Very Berry Hibiscus refresher and the reduced-fat Turkey Bacon & White Cheddar Breakfast Sandwich for around $7.50 including tip.  The sandwich was awesome.  Although premade, they did an amazing job heating it up upon order.  The dish is literally a turkey, egg and cheddar sandwich on multigrain English muffin but the 320g of calories says it's worth eating!  The refresher is one of my favorite summer drinks!  It's filled with blackberry and hibiscus extract, sweetened.  The huge whole blackberries brings a great texture to the drink.  As cliche as it sounds, it really is super refreshing!I work one block away from this location.  FOR SURE, I will be back!  If you decide to go, maybe I'll see you there!
2	Oh dear. Listen ladies, I know that working at Starbucks isn't the greatest job in the world but at the very least represent your brand appropriately. Telling me you "don't have" 1% milk and then getting snarky with me when I suggest mixing nonfat and 2% is no way to treat a paying guest. I have been in your barista-shoes before and I don't appreciate your piss poor interpretation of service. I'm exhausted and in the middle of working a double-back shift right now so, the next time I order a latte, you can hold the side of attitude. Thanks.
