1	Made an appointment after confirming they accepted my insurance. The work was done, i was given a bill for $2300, knowing my insurance covered 80% i asked how much it covered, i was told that they did not accept my insurance.Completely unprofessional.I argued that over the phone this same person whom i was dealing with in person assured me they took my insurance. I did not get an apology for the mistake but i was told that there was nothing she could do and that they simply did not take my insurance. I asked to speak with the dentist she also didn't take responsibility for her employees mistake. No discount was offered either. I payed the bill in full and the crown i got broke 2 days later, i went back to get it fixed, 2 weeks later it arrived in the wrong size, then sent again and it was the wrong color, then i got it but it was too long so it was filed down only to chip 5 days later, then after 3 months of trial and error i got the crown but the top edge is grey.I wanted nothing else to do with Dr. Hart at this point so 6 months later i went to a different doctor. It's been 2 years since and the same crown cracked, causing food to be lodged inside, i then needed a root canal and a new crown. My new dentist explained that the setting of the crown was off and that it was only a matter of time when it would need replacement. He did great work! But unfortunately my insurance would not cover a new crown because it was under 5 years. So I payed out of pocket. It didn't come close to what Dr. Hart was charging in fact it was less than half of what she charged me. I really WARN ANYONE WHO MIGHT BE CONSIDERING GOING TO HER.
5	Me and my wife goes there, Dr.Hart and her staff are very friendly, appointments always on time, I live in Vegas for 13 years now and have been through many dentist over the years, best dentist in this town by far.
5	I was referred to Dr. Hart by my orthodontist. I had a bad experience elsewhere, and so I was looking for a new dentist. I absolutely love this place. The staff and Dr. Hart are some of the most friendly people I've ever met professionally here in Las Vegas. She is very reasonable with her pricing and the work is stellar. Each time I've been in, I've been greeted with smiles. Even when I was having my tooth ground down for a crown (I get very nauseous and dizzy from the sound and smells) the assistant was very calming. She ever offered me a blanket because I seemed cold. Excellent customer service - very genuine.If you're looking for a new dentist in the Northwest...
5	I have had 2 fabulous experiences with Dr Hart and her staff. The first was for a bonding repair in August and the second was for an x-ray review before my teeth cleaning in November.  The equipment is modern and they walk you through the whole process. The office is clean and comfortable. The staff is very friendly and knowledgeable.  My dental hygienist was very thorough and explained the whole process. They give you an estimated statement that you sign before completing any procedure-taking the guess work out completely. Really, the whole staff is very pleasant and I enjoy going there very much.
5	I"love dentists" as we a do so choosing Dr. Hart took time and feedback from other patients and even my mom. I finally decided to schedule needing teeth cleaning and overall check up since my last dentist appt was over 5 years, Hey, if its not broke don't fix it :-) Arriving at Montecito Dental I quickly noticed a busy office with several employees. I was greeted quickly and friendly, given paperwork and after completing it I was greeted by another employee that explained they would take me back in a few minutes and what would occur. I was then escorted to the treatment room passing several other rooms in a nicely decorated clean office. I sat in the typical dentist chair with the visible tools tray and TV in front of me with the dentist chair having a built in back massager! I was asked if i wanted to watch Cable TV. Minutes later we began xray series which were quickly developed and displayed on the TV screen. Then I was explained about the cleaning procedure and we began. It was actually better then I expected since it had been so long and the hygienist was pleasant to listen to, Why Do they ask you questions if you have your mouth open and cant answer!?  Lol. Dr. Hart then came in post cleaning, reviewed all my teeth, explained a few things and provided clear answers and options to my questions. I was happy with the overall experience and since I Do Not Have Insurance I clearly asked what my costs would be for everything! And took my time reading the paper work. I look fwd to returning and being a patient with Dr. Hart. (Ask for Angela, dental assistant, very nice) Thank you Dr. Hart
1	The used car salesman of dentistry. Be prepared to be sold Invisalign and you will need something done every visit. Every filling done by Dr Hart cause pain when I left. I was in no pain walking in and leave in pain. 3 years later now and all the fillings she did are breaking apart in my mouth. Lots of aggravation cause by this dentist.
1	I don't have an opinion on Dr. Hart, this review isnt about her its about their policy of canceling within 48 hrs and if you don't they want to charge you $48 dollars. This is ridiculous especially when your appt is Monday and they are closed Saturday and Sunday. I called them as soon as they opened at 8am and the person that answered the phone didn't care if I was sick and can't make they appt, she was nothing but robotic in her answers. I told her I will not pay $48 due to the reasons above and I will have no choice but to see another dentist, she said she would make a note of that on my account....I will not be coming back, really inconsiderate to customers
5	Always a pleasant experience with Dr. Hart and her staff!
