1	NEGATIVE STARS! waited for 30 mins alongside other patrons who were there 20 mins before me. Horrible customer service. I left to go to another BofA down the street on Rainbow and Warm springs where I got immediately greeted at the door and waited only 10 mins with someone in front of me.
1	If you go to this branch plan on waiting in line. I've personally been a line from 440 to 530 pm. Even though they close their doors at 5 p.m. Just to make a deposit even though I live 5 minutes from this branch, I travel all the way up Tropicana to the other branch just because they only have 2 tellers at the most working at this branch This branch definitely does not believe in customer service, sad statement, just left there for 5 minutes ago. 15 people in line 2 tellers at 1030 in the morning.
1	Agree with others. Went in to solve a invalid charge they made to my account and waited 45 minutes.I just learned that Bank Of America does not want customers to come in their branch locations. Last month I attempted to deposit a check from my Chase account to a BofA account that did not belong to me and they would not let me. So I deposited it to mine and transferred to the other. I got my statement and they have charged me $18.50 because I made a teller assisted deposit to my account.I am in the bank now learning that if you have an electronic account, they do not want to see your mug in the branch ever. Since they had to look at me last month they charged me.The branch manager Crystal Padua, at the Spring Valley Las Vegas branch REFUSED to do anything about it. Instead she and the bank prefer to loose a customer. They did, I closed my accounts.I hope others get fed up with Bank of America's "Holier-than-thou" attitude and close their accounts.What a useless as, Clark Howard says "Customer No Service", bank.Stay away from Bank Of America, all branches, if you need to open an account and cross them off your list if you are looking to open a new account. They do not want you in their branch. If you go in they will charge you.
1	The worst ever I was escorted from the bank for trying to get a home modification & I had an appointment. I've been trying for years & I finally got to actual see a person then was told I've never showed me ever applying for a modification , I've been trying since president Obama been in office.  So I'm still not going to give up no matter how many road blocks they put in my way. They take our money use it totaled a vacation but refuse to help us when we need it & the president put the law in place to assist us the people.
2	The outside is being painted today, specifically the drive thru, they have all of them closed.  However, it doesn't seem they staffed for this on the inside, only 3 tellers, and the line is past the table.  Should have staffed for the drive thrus not being available
1	I went into this location to make a deposit, The Teller was so rude and this is not the first time I have been treated rude by this Teller. She was too busy picking at her fingers to continue counting my cash.  She then told me I was $4.00 short in making a $100.00 bundle, the funny thing is, she wasn't done counting the bills, I told her she wasn't finished she still had a stack of $1.00 she could have taken from due to the fact she was stacking all of the bills on top of each other.  I told her it doesn't matter until she is finished with the count.  She just looked at me like I was the scum of the earth, I told her she didn't need to be rude and I wanted to speak to the Manager, She called the Manager to come over, The Manager asked what I wanted the teller told her I said she was being rude and the Manager told her to tell me she was busy. The Teller looked at me and smiled and said "She is busy"    I have sent in a complaint about this Teller to the manager and nothing has been done about her.  I have been a BOA customer for over 10 years.  I will never return to this location.
