4	Pretty cool baristas
5	I like this Starbucks. I came in the afternoons and it was always a great experience.
3	Just your standard Starubucks with a new industrial modern look.  The interiors is cute.  BUT... WORST PARKING LOT EVER!  - So pay attention when you go thru the parking lot.  And don't use the drive-thru, you lazy people.  You know who you are... You almost got me into 3 seperate accidents this morning.
3	I visited the establishment on Friday 11/15 in the afternoon.I give this place 3 stars for the following reasons:1.  Service was on the slow side at the registers (4 people in one line, 1 cashier - possible staffing issues).2.  The wi-fi is PAINSTAKINGLY SLOW!! (with only 3-4 people present in dining area).  Internet speeds clocked in at less than 1Mbps at times.. never better than 1.5 Mbps (could hardly read emails, browse websites - and yes same experience on laptop, tablet device as well as phone).
3	I really like the layout of this new Starbucks and the building is pretty cool too.  Normally the services at Starbucks are pretty great.  But this time around we did not have a really good experience.  The guys that check us out were nice and friendly.  When we were waiting to pick up our coffee, we waited more than 10 minutes and we only had a couple of people ahead of us.  Also they make my mom's coffee wrong.  Since I really like Starbucks I will give this store another shot.
1	I rarely leave negative reviews.. but this is consistently the worst service out of any Starbucks I've been to - EVER. Unfortunately I go here because it is close to my house and I love starbucks iced coffee... But almost ALL the employees are always completely out of it, slow, not eager to help, and constantly make mistakes because thy aren't listening/don't care. It's so weird - I actually really think Starbucks manager and corporate staff would not be happy. Normally I love starbucks but this is more like an overstaffed-yet-super-slow store pretending to be starbucks. It's not fast or efficient like the brand is known for. It's like everyone hired here are high school dropouts with no desire to do anything. It's bad service EVERYTIME and the drive thru line is always really slow because the chick they always have it makes so many mistakes. Also- they never have the creamer out on the weekend mornings and it's like pulling teeth trying to get their attention to ask for it. All I get is a black iced coffee, and it ALWAYS takes at LEAST 10 minutes.... on the weekends after 10am. Not their busiest time. The line is just long because all the workers are alway so confused.
1	This Starbucks is never open at 5am when I try to stop by.  One morning I wasn't in a rush so I patiently waited for them to get their stuff together.  A half hour later I finally got my coffee.  I don't always have that luxury.This morning, the interior lights were on but there was an employee standing outside, knocking on the door, to have no one open it for him.  The drive thru board was off as I drove through irritated that once again they were not open.  This was at 5:10am.  Every time I visit the store first thing in the morning they have not been open. I don't plan on visiting this store again.  It's obvious there's a trend with the employees that they can't get to work on time.
5	My coffee spot. Everyone's super nice and I love my dirty chais. The drive thru is pretty quick as well. Sometimes I just like to go in and sit and wait for my coffee. Relaxing and I dig the inside layout. Yay!
1	Boo. There is already a great coffee shop on this corner  Urban Beans. Stay local get better service and food and drink.
1	I like this one, nice people, nice atmosphere, great location, I just for the life of me can't figure why whether in drive thru or in store, the service is sooooo slow and they often get drinks wrong! Not sure where the blame should go!
3	I would have thought they would have better service considering the overabundance of staff. Kind of an "iffy" location. Not easy in & out access. Parking behind store only.
3	Nothing to write home about. It's hit or miss when it comes to good service. It's also hit and miss when it comes to drink integrity. Some days the iced coffee I order is great and others it's over sweetened or had too much milk.
1	7 minutes to get an iced tea. I was inside and there was no one in front of me.  I rarely come to this location because it always takes this long whether its peak times or not.
1	Slowest Starbucks ever! Going on 15min for vanilla latte. 15min may not sound long, but for a drink, on a slow morning.
3	The drive thru is usually consistently efficient but don't bother going inside...they are slow, unfriendly and disorganized.  I have no idea how that is but I've been stopping in here pretty regularly for a few months and this is what I always get!
1	This Starbucks single-handedly caused me to swear off all Starbucks as my new years resolution. Every time I visited this location they were beyond slow, and have a tendency to mess up my order. I ordered a soy latte and got severely burnt regular milk. It's slower to go inside and be one of two customers than to be at the back of a 10 car line up in the drive thru. I only went here because I was in a hurry- the one things Starbucks is usually best at. I live across the street and will never go here again.
1	Slowest Starbucks in Phoenix. Whether I'm the only car in the drive thru, in a line through the parking lot (often), or waiting inside, they have never been faster than a 10 min wait time.If you find yourself on the corner of Osborn and 7th, keep driving. Not worth it.
1	Horrible service. Long wait times.  No communication.  Over staffed and under performing.
1	Been to many Starbucks and this place is by far the worst. Staff are absolutely rude and unhelpful. How can there be absolutely no sugar or sweetener at 10am during a weekday? Unacceptable! And when I asked about it just got a snippy sorry? Never again, go to park central a few blocks over instead. This town needs a real coffee place instead of this corporate crap.
1	Slowest Starbucks in the valley. Three times I've visited and service worse every time. Very disappointing.
3	This place doesn't have enough parking to handle lunch hours. The patrons here never know what they want. It isn't Starbucks fault, but it does make this Starbucks hard to enjoy. The baristas are great though.  The store itself is clean and comfortable.
1	Coming into this Starbucks is like having to remove an eyelash out of ones eye!  It's painful and irritating. The service is consistently SLOW and the service is "caddy and downright bitchy" from the barista side of the counter. 12 minutes to wait for an iced coffee. NO LIE OR EXAGGERATION. The store is laid out in a way that is confusing and wearing of the patience while waiting for a drink as there is mass chaos and confusion.  I know I have choice and other locations but this location is convenient to work and home and I try to go in each time with a glimmer of hope that it will be different but sadly it is not. Upper management needs to address the poor customer service and store layout.
5	I've been here about 5 times in the past year. I walk in smiling and treat the staff with respect and friendliness and they have reciprocated it back to me every visit! I order a Venti iced unsweetened coffee in my reusable cup, and I have gotten my drink quickly every time. I appreciate the barista's hard work and tip them every time. Thanks to all the baristas out there, your craft starts my mornings off right.
1	Darby made my drink and she was terrible. She was not following proper procedure to create the beverage and when I pointed it out, she rolled her eyes. This store constantly has issues with beverage quality and the baristas are not friendly.
1	Slowest service both inside and the drive thru. Can be trapped in the drive thru for 10-20 minutes.
3	Was at 7th and Osborn and came over here to find out internet sucks at both locations.
1	I just had a terrible experience at this location. First, 6 cars just waited over 20 minutes. Second, I was just charged a full dollar more for my coffee than at any other location I frequent.  The response? Oh well I pushed a button and that's your price. They probably just know you at the other location.  Seriously? I won't be back and I'll be encouraging everyone I know to follow suit.
2	This has thee SLOWEST drive thru of all the Starbucks! At this moment I've been in line for 14 minutes and there's still 2 cars in front of me, not sure what the problem is but I need to find a new location!
1	For the number of staff at this Starbucks, I am at a complete loss how it takes so long to get coffee. I regularly have to wait a few minutes before a cashier takes my order, and they have given me the wrong size or blend of coffee on multiple occasions.  The drive-thru is typically 5-10 cars deep, and it takes an inordinately long time compared to other Starbucks .  I'm not sure if there are staffing problems or are just disorganized.  Great location, but disappointing service.
2	Ugh! I ordered damn iced coffees! Like, it doesn't get any easier than that. Waited 12 minutes in line, paid, and then was told they were out. WTF? Get your shit together. Brew it while I wait for 12 minutes - not after I pay at the window, and you're barely starting my drinks. Absurd.
1	This is hands down the slowest Starbucks I have been to in the world. I've lived in the area for 4 months and the drive through regularly takes 15 minutes despite maybe 4 people in line.
2	If you want a quick cup of coffee do NOT come here. There is always a wait (even when there is nobody in line). I come here 5-10 times at different times of the day and it is still ridiculously slow. So much that I had time to create this account and post a review.
1	Its a Starbucks.  No biggee.  But if you've lived in this country for more than 3 decades you've likely been to your fair share of Starbucks.  I know I have.  And I also know that this one has quite a bit of work to do to even get to "sub-par." This place needs a serious management work-over.  Unfortunately, its my closest Starbucks and I've given it MANY opportunities to make up for its lackluster performance.  Alas, the only thing this location has managed to do is to CONSISTENTLY disappoint.  So, congrats on that.  For your consistency in kinda sucking.  Slower than molasses.  Not friendly.  ALWAYS out of something.  Always.  For days and days in a row.  Is it really hard to re-order MAJOR ingredients.  Like SOY MILK.  WTF?  Do you keep track of your inventory?  Ever?  Who the hell is in charge of this place?  Anyone?  And I asked for a receipt at the drive-thru.  Dude actually told me he would have to walk all the way over to the other register to get that.  Yup.  Those 10 steps might kill you, dude.  I really try to give people the benefit of the doubt.  That's why I gave this location 10 times to change my mind about their incompetence.  However, the only thing they did with those 10 chances to impress was to convince me that another better-managed coffee place should get my business.  Nice work.
