5	Awesome place.  I ate there for lunch last year when our General Manager hosted a luncheon for management during Christmas week.  We were served family style with so many great dishes.  I stuffed myself beyond belief.  Some of my favorites.....Eggplant Parmesan, Gnocchi, Lasagna......all very good.  The bread was excellent as well.  Since I didn't pay for it, I have no idea what the cost was, but it didn't seem like it was expensive.
4	i love this place, really i've only ever had their sandwiches-but i've been back 4 times for the same thing.  pretty well authentic, with plenty of ethnic 'charm', bordering on overly frank new jersey mannerisms but whatever.  the system of ordering is endearingly awkward, the little bald chap is always willing to help...or point you to one of the 3 counters.homemade bread, pastries, good selection of meats and antipasti, san marzano cans, and sundries.  Im definately going to hit it up for dinner one night.extra props for being open on sundays, and being reasonably priced.
3	I loved that we came here on a Sunday and watched Italian football while we ate our meal.My boyfriend had told me this place had a pretty good Italian sandwich and he was right. It's not my *personal* favorite in the USA but... heheheh... pretty good.The owner is a real character. Funny.The food was good. It's standard Italian fare with little deviation. It's not a place I'd drive crosstown to go to, but if I'm in the area and a little hungry, I'd stop in and peruse the counters to grab a bite to eat.
5	Italian as authentic as it gets.   All the servers speak Italian and the service is flawless.  Risoto is my favorite.  Eggplant and Veal parm are yummy.  And don't forget the latte and cappucino. There is an adjoining bakery and they usually give you a few loaves of bread after dinner
4	Awesome authentic Italian food. As previously mentioned everyone speaks Italian and is super friendly. The tortellini with alfredo and ham and mushrooms is delicious! I also love the sandwiches, but the bread was a little hard for my taste. It's super casual.. kind of like eating in an Italian grocery store.
5	Excellent food.  This place has a nice atmosphere and a menu that makes me wish it were closer to work so I could come here for lunch.  The two waitresses working the day I went both had noticable Italian accents.  The service was awesome and the prices were fair.  I will definitely be making future trips to this place.
2	I want to be more excited about this place, but I'm just not.First off, the selection of meats and cheeses is impressive.  And the quality of the salame in my sandwich was impressive.My friend wanted a salad and none of the options appealed to her.We walked in and stood there, waiting for someone - anyone - to tell us to seat ourselves or wait or go to the counter.... We finally took a seat, and, after about 4 minutes, a lady said "oh, order over there."   So we walked up to the counter.  At which time we were told we were at the wrong counter.  So we went to the "other" counter - the salad and sandwich counter, apparently.  There were tip jars on every counter and little direction.  The beverage selection was paltry, though not as limited as the one flavor of potato chips.Yes, there's a feeling of authenticity.  Yes, the bread is fresh - but that roll was bigger, harder and more difficult to digest than any I've had in recent times.  We heard lots of Italian being spoken and I liked the truly local vibe this place exuded.We ended up here after asking the valet at our hotel for a local, off the strip restaurant.... He looked like he was about to drool when he recommended Roma, so we had to try it.I think I'd have rather paid $15 for a sandwich at Carnegie Deli on the strip...  Oh well.  I'm glad I checked it out.  And, hey, there's an autographed picture of Celine Dion on the wall - and if it's good enough for Celine, it should be good enough for me.But I doubt I'll be back.
3	I have been to this place a ton of times and always had a great meal. Unfortunately this last time was pretty bad. I bragged to my buddies how good the minestrone soup was and when we got it, it was bland and a little greasy. We ordered a carpaccio and instead of being raw it was like they served up medium rare roast beef. I asked the server about it and he seemed kinda embarrassed because he even said he has never seen it served like that before either. He took it off the bill so no harm. My friend ordered a seafood pasta and he seemed pretty annoyed because they didn't clean the vein out of the shrimp to well. My other buddy ordered a pasta (it was a special) and he said it was pretty good but nothing great. I ordered the same thing I always get, linguini with bolognese sauce. It wasn't the same as I used to get from there. It seemed very dry and almost over cooked. We all agreed tho that the pasta was a perfect al dente. I am let down from my last visit because it was not enjoyable and I was raving about this place to my buddies. Next time I will have to hit Nora's.
4	I'm neither of Italian parentage nor from an area with a large cultural population from the old country, so I can't speak to the true authenticity of Roma's. What I can say is I enjoyed my food immensely and the waitstaff was extremely cordial. I can understand why a small business may need to charge more to cover their expenses, though if I'm getting a basic pasta-and-sauce entree I would hope they consider making something that simple a little less costly. That's really my only complaint; this place is great and I will be stopping by for dinner again the next time I have an extended stay in Vegas.
5	I have been going to Roma Deli for awhile.  It's the greatest.  It's authentic, the people are friendly (don't mess with the deli lady though, she's tough!), and the food is delicious!  I discovered it during a work lunchbreak, it was crazy busy, but the food was wonderful.  The bread...oh the bread!!  I had remembered a friend said this place has the best meatball sandwich he has had in his life.  I have never ordered meatballs before, but I gave it a try.  Delicious, and I'm a foodie at heart.  My girlfriends at work and I started coming here for lunch.I took my boyfriend here for dinner, and it was a completely different atmosphere, just like the perfect hole in the wall Italian place that you dream of finding in North Beach in the Bay area.  My now husband, when he was in town, would always want to come here.  We love it! And we've tried a lot of the food.  My fave is always the spaghetti and meatballs, which I get with angel hair and a side of capers.  It is divine.  The house salad is absolutely wonderful with their homemade dressing. My husband has tried all different dishes on the menu, and it is always great.  And if it's close to closing, sometimes they'd send us home with an entire grocery bag of fresh bread.  Now that I've moved to California to be with my husband, we have searched high and low for this place (or a near second).  We are still looking.  Not even in North Beach have we found its equal!! So much, that a yr later, I had a friend driving through from Vegas, bring me 10 servings of my dish to have frozen, and they sent her with a ton of free bread too.  I wish this restaurant were near my home.  It has captured both our appetites and our hearts.  It's hidden treasure in Vegas, that has yet to be discovered.
4	Located in the heart of chink town, you wouldn't expect to find a low-key, down to earth Italian eatery but this spot is a regular on my rotation. Nora's is great but I like this place better bc of the atmosphere, service, and food. Sundays for coffee and cookies is a must! I also recommend the pizza and all the pastas.
4	Since moving to the West Coast I've been on a constant search for good, cheap Italian food.  You might find a fantastic Italian meal at an expensive restaurant in the city, but the West Coast is conspicuously lacking the neighborhood delis that the East Coast so enjoys.So it was a very pleasant surprise to find Roma while on a trip to Las Vegas.  This place is the real deal.  They serve fantastic sandwiches (I got the sausage and peppers) and have wonderful Italian desserts.  They even have a small grocery section so locals and buy the right pasta, tomatoes, and olive oils for real Italian cooking.  You won't see a can of Hunts crushed tomatoes here!Also, I ran into Jerry Lewis here.  Random.
4	Mangia! We came for dinner with Mom and grandma in law. It's sometimes hard to figure out what everyone would like with different taste and everyone's answer is "anything" is good with them.....So I pulled out something I bookmarked at random and it was a good choice.They give you bread and while I was dipping it into oil and balsamic I had the idea to go to the deli part of the place and ask for some accompaniments. I ended up going for the "olive salad" which was big green olives tossed with cornichons, peppers, celery, herbs. I LOVE green olives with "bite" so I was a happy camper stealing everyone's foccacia bread. BF and I shared like usual. Pork chop milanese was perfectly cooked and juicy and even the simple red sauce on the pasta that it comes with was lovely....simple things are hard to do because nothing is hiding mistakes. We also got the rigatoni basciola which has sausage, mushrooms, peas, with a tomato wine sauce. This had a nice balance of flavors and definitely would order again. Mom and gma shared a meaty lasagna. I tried a bite and it was very meaty and good. They thought it needed more sauce....I think to American standards, it does since we're so used to sauce sauce sauce. I thought it's flavors was good. We got some desserts. I shared with the BF some cookies: almond butter cookie, chocolate sprinkle butter cookie, a florentine cookie, a rainbow marzipan cookie, a nutella shortbread cookie and a cannoli. The cannoli had a banana taste to the filling. It wasn't bad, but wasn't what I was expecting....I just wanted the ricotta milkiness to come through. Florentines are one of my favorite things and though the texture was nice, it was freezerburnt tasting so I was sad panda. The butter cookies are okay. The highlight was the rainbow "cookie" which really is rainbow colored cake and marzipan dipped in chocolate. Theirs was nicely made and I have been craving these, but they're usually only available on holidays. I bought some of the rainbow cookies to take home. Service was very attentive and friendly....the place has a very homey feel which I like.  I didn't realize the profile didn't have lots of pictures....what a bust- I should have tried to take some. Definitely will come back!.
4	This place is simply great! I love their sandwiches my favorite is the Sicilian. The prices are reasonable and the service is good. All around you can't really go wrong here. And I cant wait to go back!
5	I from Brooklyn New York, relocated to San Diego, Ca. This is the best Italian food in the west . Me and my wife travel to San Fran, and have still not found a rest compared to Roma's. I personally tried every dish offered and have never been disappointed. The service is excellent, everyone is very friendly. I highly recommended them .
5	Every year, we make a point to dine at Roma Deli at least once during our stay in Vegas.  In every visit, this place always makes a lasting impression. From the food to the awesome Italian wait staff, this place is a MUST on any Vegas trip! As soon as you walk in, you will be greeted by their Roma statue next to the door and walk into an open spaced deli complete with all sorts of imported Italian goodies on the shelves and quality deli meats on the deli bar. There are always people speaking Italian that it starts to feel as though you are in Italy dinning in a deli. Their staff is always friendly with big smiles on their face and that Italian courtesy. They will go well and beyond to make sure that your dinning experience goes swimmingly. As far as food goes, I loved their seafood specials! It changes constantly, but the ones I've been fortunate enough to eat were phenomenal! The sauce is always flavorful and creamy, but not thick or watery. You can definitely tell that their food is as close as it will get to the real Italian food from Italy. Pair your meal with their selection of wines and you'll feel like you've gone to heaven. The kicker is their homemade desserts! Be sure to end your wonderful food-gasmic experience with their delightful selection of sweets to go well with their cappuccino.I can't wait to go back next year! I always look forward to dinning in at Roma's!
5	Awesome resturant, The server is the number one in Las Vegas is fast and just the best. As soon as i walk in i where greeted by Anita with a smile. Dinner is full of favors, 2 large tv, large selection of wines from Italy, fresh breats from the bakery, home make sausage, Grandma of the deli was on ch. 13. Just very happy people a family place to relax and enjoy. huge selection of of oliver oil, beers and wines. Just a muct try and enjoy.
3	I ordered the linguine with mussels and for dessert I had a tiramisu.  Now I was in between three and four stars simply because my entree was not as tasty as my dessert.The mussels had barely any "meat" and where some were absolutely delicious there were a few of them that were rather "fishy" tasting....if that makes any sense.  Anyhow, I didn't quite finish and hope to please my taste buds with dessert and an espresso.I then asked for the tiramisu and I swear it was one of the best of its kind I ever had.  No it was the best slice of tiramisu I've had.  Overall my experience was 3.5 stars.  I would definitely go back, but not order the mussels again....but for sure on the tiramisu! Lol
5	Great authentic Italian food and atmoshere. They even have a small store in the front! Parking in the front is limited, but there is more space in the back. Definitely worth the trip!!
4	I got here via a food coupon, one of those from groupon, living social,and or daily deal, one of those??? Anyway the staff was great and attentive, no wait,as it was a quiet sunday afternoon, but the food was tasty good..The fried calamari was not greasy, and lightly batter,with this amazing marinara sauce.. The garlic bread was alittle dry,but I am not into garlic bread. They have reasonable prices on the daily specials,lots of items to chose  from on the menu.The television channel was on,with a program I was unable to figure out what or where it is suppose to be telecasting, some  european  videos I guess?Next time I'll make room for dessert,love tiramasu.....
5	This is my favorite place in all of Las Vegas.  The very best!
3	This was our 2nd time here, we came here on our last visit to Vegas April 2010 & was so impressed we came back.  This time service was lacking.  There was only one waitress and she was overloaded, I would not recommend if time is important but the food was still very good.
5	Excellent, fresh, amazing food every time!  Cozy hole-in-the wall deli and restaurant, served by friendly people who all speak to each other in Italian.
4	This is one of the local hidden gems that I am always glad I have visited! A friend told me about this place from his days living in Vegas and boy am I glad he did. Roma Deli is a short little jaunt, thru China town, from the famous Las Vegas strip. This little deli/eatery has a great selection of genuine Italian grocery type items as well as a full service deli and food counter. They have 4-5 tables in the middle of the space that can accommodate 4-8 people. The menu was pretty standard for an Italian eatery, but the quality of the food blew my expectations away. Our table ordered the whole gamit...From Putenesca, to Lasagna, to Knoke to Chicken Marsala. All of which surprised us. I order the knoki with gorgonzola cream sauce (special of the day) and was hesitant as not many places can pull of a good knoke. If the damn little potato bites weren't so filling I would have licked my plate clean!This is definitely a hidden gem and worth the short trip from the strip!
4	This is a solid Italian deli! My sister convinced me to come here for lunch when I was craving an Italian sub and I thought none other than a certain Italian shop on Rainbow would do.. I was wrong, and I've never been more happy about that.On their board of lunch specials they had braciole (with rigatony)! Score! I've been looking for an Italian restaurant that serves this dish and what better place? So I'll admit it.. I got the pasta AND an Italian sandwich. And I might have eaten half of my sister's sandwich.. what? She offered. The pasta was cooked to a perfect al dente (although the brand itself wasn't my favorite.. a little chalky), the sauce obviously homemade and the braciole itself was tender and had little surprises hidden throughout- raisins, pinenuts. It was heavenly.The sandwich.. oh man. The sandwich. Fresh baked roll, Italian meats sliced to order, shredded lettuce, fresh tomato, provolone, oil and vinegar. A thing of simplicity. A thing of perfection ($7.49). My sister ordered the imported prosciutto sandwich with fresh mozzarella and roasted red peppers. This too, was amazing. This came on pillowy but chewy ciabatta whose mere aroma seduced me. The creamy mozzarella with the slightly bitter and bold roasted peppers and the salty meatiness that is proscuitto.. this too was a great sandwich ($11.49).The deli section is extensive and the service is very friendly. It's a casual place where you know they're going to take care of you and serve you great food.My stomach knows no bounds here.
3	We went there for a late lunch yesterday. I ordered the chicken parm hero and my husband ordered the meatball parm hero. first, they were both small for heros (and and around 10 each since it was dinner time). the service was horrible... she actually never came back after dropping off the food... while she was there i asked for a cup of sauce of which i never received. someone else went and got our bill.....the food itself... well the chicken parm was ok nothing to write yelp about but ok... however the meatball parm was horrible.... it lit tasted like those stuffed raviolis from chef boyardee all in all i wouldnt rec this place, and i wont be going back. ive gotten better meatballs at sbarro lol
4	This is the type of place I envision when I think of an Italian deli.The food is great. Simple Italian classics done right. While I've tasted the rigatoni and pork milanese, the sandwiches are what I love most about Roma. Great selection of Italian meats and fresh baked bread make the sandwiches memorable.The staff is attentive and the friendly, and I felt the prices we reasonable given the portion sizes. I haven't checked out Roma for dinner, but the lunch vibe was cool with a couple guys at the table next to us drinking red wine and speaking in Italian about the soccer match on the television.I definitely want to try some of the deserts next time, they looked delicious. This is my go to place now for quality Italian food.
5	Roma features the BEST Italian good in all of Vegas...ahead of 4 star Nora's....They are from Rome. have a heavy accent, and the best cooked to order food and sauce there is!  The desserts are home made as well.  The calamari salad, various cold cuts, bread, cookies and pastries will take you on a trip to the old country!  Wash it down with a bottle or 3 of ice cold Pellegrino and you are good to go!  Open for lunch and dinner!  My absolute favorite!  I have been sending people here for 7 years since these owners took over and not one complaint!  Stop by and see why!  Enjoy! :)
4	Ingredients are definitely fresh and everything is extremely authentic. I thought the prices were fair for the quality of food. The only thing I would say is to not be cheap like my roommate and try to order an 8$ special. Although his plate was still tasty, you could tell that he got exactly what he paid for. Overall I thought the restaurant/deli was pretty awesome to visit. I felt like the owners lived above the place or that Rocky Balboa was going to come in and visit. Definitely a place worth checking out. (They sell fresh pizza dough for a 1.50 so you can even make a pizza later with their fresh mozzarella and deli cuts.)
5	Delicious!  Will return for sure.  Had the clam linguini and chicken Caesar salad.  Tiramisu was exquisite.
4	Friendly service and fresh food. Would recommend for sure.
4	I've had a pleasant experience both times I've been here. I'm always on the lookout for authentic cuisines and it's somewhat hard to find in Vegas since buffets and strip restaurants overshadow small businesses. I'm glad that real Italians live in Vegas so I can stuff my face with their food. Their pasta is always al dente and their sauces are flavorful. AND THE CHEESE! They use smelled amazing, iit wasn't some processed "fake" cheese, thank goodness. Unlike commercialized places, Roma Deli reminds me of pasta I grew up with. No I'm not Italian but my father was in the restaurant business when I was a lot younger and I remembered his old Italian friend who would make me the BEST spaghetti in the whole entire universe! And Roma's meatball sauce brought back memories. It's almost nostalgic :') I have not yet tried their deli items but they all looked so delicious. I think I might just visit them soon...
3	Meh...went here for take away. Maybe that was the problem. But the staff was disinterested and the food was...well, let's see. The lasagna was somewhere between decent and good, but the caprese salad was made with beefsteak tomatoes that were bland and relatively tasteless. I expected better from such a well-respected deli. I read great reviews about their lunch so maybe I'll try that with better results...
5	I don't eat a lot of pasta these days, but whenever I do all I want is Roma Deli...The original Roma Deli on Spring Mountain that is.  The other location is good, but everything is just the slightest bit better on Spring Mountain.I love the food, the wine, the atmosphere, the pasta, the sauce, the Italian Deli cuts...oh yeah, and the food here.An all-time favorite is the pink sauce raviolis they had on special one time I was in, but I've never been disappointed here!
5	My favorite Italian restaurant ever!  The food is authentic Italian, the staff is so polite and attention oriented.  This place can never disappoint!  Try the "Beef Braciola" hands down thier best dish!!!
4	Good, old school, Italian deli.  I had the Roma cold deli sandwich with imported prosciutto, very delicious! Fresh homemade bread with olive oil, very tasty!
5	My favorite place to eat at in Vegas.  Been coming here for many years and I can't get enough.  The Greek salad along with everything else are amazing.  Their food is fresh and tasty and cooked to order.  Can't beat it.
4	Roma is the real-deal.  The dining room is inside the deli, and they have a nice selection of pasta.  DH got the lasagna, which he said was fabulous.  I got the linguine tivoli, which was very good. Pasta was cooked al dente, as it should be!   Portions are large, and quality is very good.  Service could be friendlier and quicker though.
5	Great food and wonderful selection of classic Italian meats, cheeses, breads and more. Recently stopped in to see if they carried Burrata cheese. They were out but the woman working was very friendly and helpful and took down my info. She said she would get some ordered and give me a call when it came in. To my surprise I got a call the very next night from her letting me know that it had come in. Drove over right away and bought a few of the packs of burrata.
5	These guys are good. Excellent food. Excellent service. I've been there twice, about a month and a half between each other and the waitress still remembered me. I'm a stickler for that type of stuff, and I think any place that values its customers the way these people do deserve my money.
5	I love to eat pasta, Italian is my favorite and I eat it once a week minimum whether its eating out or my own cooking so I feel I am a good judge. This place is fantastic, reminds me of the little spots I would go to in NY to eat. Authentic American Italian food, absolutely delicious and if you get a chance to go here you will be saying the same thing. I live in Vegas now and need to get back over there for a bite and bring a few of my friends to make them believers too.
5	My buddy, an honorary Vegas resident, told me he was going to hook us up for Saturday night dinner. After a "Trust me", we rolled into Roma Deli. The ambiance? Well, there isn't any. This isn't the place I'd go for romance (not that I wanted romance with my buddy in the desert!) . It's like eating in the middle of a market. The deli case dominates. Coolers with sodas. Olive oil and pasta along the walls.But, somehow, when the food came, nothing else mattered but the food.Really good Caesar.Really REALLY good chicken parm.And the tiramisu was some of the best I've had. Not too sweet. This place should be more crowded. It deserves to be.
4	I love this place. Pasta & Chicken dishes are always good and so are the deserts. I take friends from out of town and they leave loving it!
5	We wanted a really good Italian meal away from the crowds of the Vegas Strip. So worth the drive!I had the eggplant parm served with perfectly done pasta!My husband had the pasta chicken cacciatore which he loved. Both of us also had a Caesar salad to start our meal.  Everything was done to perfection!
5	canneloni! fresh spinach raviolis! Italian sausage, their recipe!Not so sure any fancy Italian restaurant can top their deli food.
5	Very fun vibe, and great food.  Very old-school feel.  Excellent food, and wine.  Definitely my new go to Italian.
5	WOW!  What a gem of a restaurant.  The food is terrific, sweet ambiance without being stuffy, and great service.  When I go to Vegas, this is a MUST!  Best Italian food I have had in years!
4	Loved the chicken parm and the lasagne. Really good cold cuts as well and the caprese salad looks really good.
4	Wow - I was surprised to see I've yet to write a review on Roma.  I've probably ordered to-go from Roma at least 10 times in the last 3-4 years.Yesterday, as part of my "NFL Day " planning, since I was on Spring Mountain to buy apple fritters from Ronald's for my gf, I opted to buy sammies at Dakao and Roma.when I walk into Roma, only one other customer who also had a to-go order.  I opt for a sammie of  sausage and peppers adding eggs and a meatball sub. total cost $19.I have to ding the guys one star - it took over 20 minutes to prepare the food - why ?? the place was empty ! As far as the taste - the meatball sammie was very good, tender, flavorful and decent serving size.The sausage sammie also good but not quite as good as the meatball.  A personal preference, I like the peppers ( and onions ) softer, not crunchy.  I think a couple sprinkles of parmesan would've helped, too.I'm still a fan of Romapics attached
5	Welcome to Italy or at least our own little slice of it. Forget the Venetian and it faux decor. This is the real thing. This shop has a vibe unlike any other Italian restaurant I have been in. Doubling as an Italian deli the restaurant itself sells quality Italian food at wallet friendly prices. The food here is what I'd expect a home cooked meal to taste like... If I was an Italian... In Italy. The portions are very generous, and the food itself is always freshly cooked and delicious. Furthermore, the service is top notch. You feel as though you've stepped once again into an Italian household invited to dinner. The workers due their utmost in providing the best service with a smile and a few jokes at that. The deli serves some of the best Italian cold cuts from various types of prosciutto and capicolla. They also serve a delicious assortment of cheeses and cold dishes. Coming here you are welcomed into the heart of Italy. From food at the table to the food sold at the deli you can't go wrong. The service is top notch and the restaurant is very clean. So if your looking for some great Italian food, you don't have to look so far.
4	The first time I walked into this place, it looked like an Italian market/deli... Only got their Tiramisu and Neopolitan... I liked it. The people behind the counter were speaking Italian. Nice. Been back and had their linguini with clams and Caprese salad. All fresh ingredients... I like the place. The food tastes home-made. I will definitely return....
5	Hands down the absolute best Italian food in the city. I'm from NY and I'm Italian, I know this stuff. Very friendly staff with great personal service. Family owned and operated. Dine in or order out at the Deli Counter. Excellent sauce, meatballs are phenomenal.. try the spaghetti cacciatore style. Canoli's for desert are excellent.
4	This is Las Vegas Italian restaurant hidden gem. Located on Spring Mountain this restaurant is easily one of my favorites. Great Italian food and great service. The owners are Italian too. I recommend the chicken parm as it is delicious but you cannot go wrong with anything on this menu. Roma deli is perfect for a date night or a dinner with your family.
5	Great Italian food, for 1/2 the cost of equivalent quality on the strip. Owner was there serving, and he was super friendly. Gave us tips on the area and traveling to Italy!...Nice family styled deli w/ a restaurant inside. Very warm and personable. Food was authentic, fantastic, fresh and in great qty....Will be back soon!
3	I am a half Italian girl with family on the east coast, I expect a lot out of a deli. So right off top when they didn't have ricotta salata cheese, star knocked off. Luckily they did have pecorino romano, but I have had it fresher, which makes me wonder how often people buy from here. We went here for a Sunday family dinner because Cugino's and Monte Sanos are closed on Sundays. Well, next time I want a good home cooked Italian meal on Sunday, I will wake my butt up early and do it myself before I come here again. They did have some products imported from Italy, many things you wont see elsewhere. But overall, it was just ok. We had raviolis, chicken marsala, chicken parm, and I also started with an olive salad. The salad was way too oily. The meat sauce on my ravioli left a layer of grease that I felt all night long. The service was mediocre at best. We sat with our menus closed for 20 minutes and watched the guy bussing tables get an attitude with our waitress when she hadn't yet taken our order. These people were probably once great at what they do, however I think they are spent. Sure not the same place it was 10 years ago. I wont be back when Vegas has 2 other Italian delis that treat customers like family.
5	Best little Italian Deli in Spring Valley, maybe even Vegas! Try the Spumoni Bomba or Grandmother Cake!  Chicken Parm and pasta was also delish!
2	The food was just okay. After reading all the great reviews I was quite excited to try some new Italian food! Maybe I came on a bad night but the flavor of the food was just okay. The flavor consistently fell short from the Caesar salad to the chicken parm. The service was warm and welcoming and had an authentic feel to it. Overall, not impressed and I almost certainly will not be back.
5	Siena is ridiculously good!First, the ambiance is like an Italian Sunday dinner.  Big round tables, cozy space, and friendly service.  The service is slow in a good way, they give you time to savor and enjoy your meal.Second, the food is crazy delicious.  You  can't go wrong with anything you choose.  The entrees are great, my favorite I've had is the chicken parmagiano They also play very good Italian music videos on their tvs
5	I always say that the best little italian restaurant is located in the middle of Chinatown.  Chicken parm is excellent and the sandwiches are a must try.
3	Came here for lunch a few months back with my lady and ordered a soda plus one water from the lady waitress, up comes another person shortly with our soda plus one water asking where to place them, I reply either side is fine. The soda lands on her side and the water on mine, I switch them around and back comes the waiter asking me why I didn't tell him where to correctly put the drinks, not a big deal but the lady waitress had to come back butt in and say it's all right wherever the drinks landed while we just kinda sat there.... Oh my sandwich and the pasta was pretty good though
5	Authentic Italian restaurant right here! Having a craving for some pasta, decided to Yelp some reviews around the area I was in and this was the spot! The customer service was great and our waiter enjoyed talking to us. He refilled our glasses even when it was half full and packed our left overs for us.  Order: Calamari - Delicious! Braised Pork Chops with a side of pasta My overall experience here was warming and enjoyable. Plenty to choose from and yummy food too! They have a store side/deli and a dessert section too -- I will be trying that side during my next visit.
5	I'm from Chicago and was missing my Italian family and food. This place filled that sudden in my heart. He food is amazing and the owner/employees are awesome.  Only place to eat Italian in Vegas.
5	Awesome Italian food..... Great deli and market section.... Food is good and fair priced.... Really recommend this place !
4	A slice of Italy - home made sauce & pasta - great service.  Wine list is a little thin.
4	I really enjoyed dinner, people were real nice, I look forward to going back soon!
5	The Capellini Pomodoro was Divine (the pesto on it was delicious)... Dad had the meat lasagna and it was superb. My brother had the ravioli and added mushrooms. He said it was very very good. One of the biggest surprises was the bread before our meal.Magnifico!
5	If you are looking for a chill place for lunch this will be it! Great great great food! Definitely reasonable price. I love the bread and butter. Freshly baked. Such a hidden gem! I almost feel like is more worth it to come here than spending hundreds on the strip. Great service too!
5	I could have sworn I had a review for this place! Since I have no idea where it went, I guess write a new one.I really love this place. Welcoming, great service and lots of good food make this place one of my favorite Italian eateries. They have lots of lunch specials and reasonable prices, as well as a dinner menu that won't break the bank. Their desserts, deli counter and breads are always fresh and plentiful, so it's a good place to pick up food to go.I'm not a big pasta eater, but they cook their pasta well and all the dishes I have had here have been delicious. Some of my favorites are the linguini with clams, eggplant parm sandwich and many of their lunch and dinner specials are outstanding as well.
5	Come here 1-3 times each time I visit my grandparents in Vegas. It's a fantastic spot for locals (don't tell the tourists or they'll take over!!), with authentic and delicious Italian food.I try to branch out, but get the chicken cacciatore pasta special every time. I LOVE IT!!! The portion sizes are humongous and last at least two meals. The wine selection is great and the owner is a complete doll.Love, love LOVE this place!
5	My first visit was wonderful- What a great combination market, deli restaurant .  the chicken parm was great and then I bought some olives, cookies and a couple pastries to go- I love this place
5	we have been eating at Roma for over 14 years, it is fabulous! the place is clean, fresh sandwiches,  entrees are unbelievable, Bread to die for,  and now they serve cocktails!  from the desserts and cordials,  to the service .... can not say enough it speaks for itself highly recommended and on top of all of this the prices and portions are unbeatable , As an Italian, and a Cook, I  say it is at the top of my list of places to eat.  Being from the East Coast we are accustomed to family friendly neighborhood eateries  and now a long time local my family and i  just  love love love it!!!
5	This place is great the food is very good I had the lamb rack and it was as good as any I have had here in the USA. A GREAT FIND.
5	Forgetta About Las Vegas Strip !  Come see Massimo he will make you feel like you're at home. We started with the  antipasto " Ricardo " Prosciutto Mortadella Salami Cacciatorine Provolone Parmasiano Reggiano Roasted Peppers and Olives . The meatballs and Sausage side is amazing ! It was lunch time and we ordered from the dinner menu ! I had the Chicken Roma which isn't on the Menu but he offered . My guest had Rack of Lamb Amazing ! We had 2 bottles of " Villa Antinori Reserva " Chianti Clasico great price.  Deserts are too die for . Come on down loosen up a get out of Vegas Strip Mode !
4	Whenever we are in Vegas we make a point of stopping in to Roma.  We cook great Italian food at home so we hardly ever dine at Italian restaurants.  That being the case, I cannot rate the dinners here as we have not experienced that side of the business.  However, we ALWAYS come here to order up their very good selection of Italian meats and cheeses.  They offer fine quality mortadella, salami, capicola, soppresata, provolone ... I could go on and on.  We haven't found anyplace in Las Vegas to match their selection or quality.  I would have given them five stars, but they could use a little more gusto in their customer service.  I excused that the first time we came in, but it seems to be their normal practice to not smile nor exchange pleasant conversation, or even acknowledge the enjoyment we get in shopping in their little place.  Lighten up!
4	I came to Roma with some family before a concert on Friday night. It's cute little Italian  place on spring mountain. First impression was it was just another hole in the wall. They have a lady playing the piano and singing, which kinda sets a mello mood. They only have a couple tables and my family made reservations. We stared with drinks. I ordered beer, they only had 7 oz bottles of bud light, which I thought was really weird, cute little bottles and we move on.I ordered gnocchi with pesto sauce,  it was good. Everyone looked at me like i was crazy, but it is soooooo good. My friend ordered fetticini alfredo, the noodles weren't cooked enough for her, and there wasn't enough alfredo. my moms friend got a antipesto salad, it has ham, salami, peperoni, peppers, and romaine lettuce. it looked amazing! my aunt ordered spaghetti and meatballs, and the meatball were the size of softballs!!!! the other member of the table just order some pasta with marinara and garlic bread. the garlic bread was great with my pesto sauce. I need to come back and try more things from here, good first impression.
5	I have eaten there many times and never had anything but a delicious meal! The best place in Vegas to go for real authentic Italian food. The chicken cacciatore was delicious.  They are very friendly. They also have many Iatlian sauces and specialty foods to buy. I always have to buy the Italian cookies.
5	I eat here 3x's per week and I just love this place, every time I eat here I feel like I am back home. The food is great and the wait staff is very nice. You will not be disappointed this is a true Las Vegas gem.
4	Family-style Italian deli with authentic, delicious food.
5	there are a lot of italian restaurants in town, but none are as good for the price.  we love the angel hair pasta with meatballs.  great comfort food.  we also have them pack sandwiches for us when we're picnicking or enjoying jazz in the park.  try it for lunch or dinner.  you won't be disappointed.
5	Been here quite a few times now over the last few years. Consistently GREAT!!!  Food is truly authentic. Such a gem.  Lucky Las Vegas.  Chicken cacciatore is so delicious.  Next time I'm saving room for dessert.   Even my husband who grew up in NY loves it here.  Can't wait to come back.... Hopefully soon.
4	Interesting it's located near Chinatown - but don't let that fool you, it's truly authentic and taste very homely. Ambience is like a deli, you can sit down and eat. Me and my husband crave this whenever we have an Italian craving. The service can be hit or miss when they get busy, but the food is why we come back.
4	Anyone coming to Vegas would easily be overwhelmed by all the fancy Italian restaurants situated at the heart of many 5-star strip resort casinos where the average per-person expenditure runs easily upward of $100. But if you don't mind a cheap $10 cab fair or a short 5 min drive from the strip, come here to enjoy authenticate Italian food with large portion, flavorfully delicious and reasonable prices.On my most recent visit, I had linguine with fresh clams in white sauce and my friend had Chicken Masala; and they both are exceptional, plus.. 2 orders of Lasagnas to go. Total bills were still less than $100.Service is quick and the staff are friendly. Highly Recommended !!
4	They make their espresso with the crema on top and it tastes wonderful! The waitress was very attentive and genuine. I like how they served the sambuca traditional and classy with the coffee beans and liqueur glass. That's so refreshing to see in a time where many food oriented businesses take shortcuts and charge full price. What kept me from adding an extra star was the absence of a gluten-free (GF) menu. But I bought gluten-free cookies, which were wonderful. I hope they expand the GF menu in the future.
5	Exceptional. Very happy after leaving this place. Recently my uncle and I stopped in for dinner at Roma's and I have to say that I left very impressed with the food and the service. I ordered a shredded chicken pasta with peppers and onions and it was perfect. The sauce was spicy enough and the portion was generous. We were given a generous basket of fresh bread before our main dishes came out. Overall, it was the best Italian dinner I ever had in Vegas.  The management of this restaurant/deli is exceptional. The owner (Massimo) came out to talk with us and was very professional and personable. The atmosphere is intimate and "hometown" feeling, not at all like what chain restaurants feel like. The location is a bit out of the way down in Chinatown, so I can see how most people miss this place if they are staying somewhere on the strip, however I would say it is worth the drive to eat here instead of the bland, overpriced, and overrated food you can get on the strip.This restaurant had a very "local" feel about it. In a good way. In one corner was a young man and woman on what appeared to be their first date, in the other corner was a two of Las Vegas' finest eating as well, and then of course there was the large Italian family at the long table enjoying their night as well. It really had a cozy feel to it. At the end when the bill came, I was delighted to see that it wasn't overpriced either.  Overall, I would not hesitate to come back to Roma's. In fact, I will request that we go back anytime I am in town. It was that good.
5	After 9 years, Roma is STILL the best!  Today I enjoyed my Chicken Parm Platter at lunch while my friend Isabelle loved the Spinach Ravioli lunch special.  The food is made by Italians whose sauce is closest to Mom's. (May she rest in peace). In the 70's and 80's, The Bootlegger at Trop and Eastern had the best Italian food.  In the 90's, and 2000's, Nora's at Flamingo and Jones was the place to go.  A recent trip to Nora's was meh!  I love the fact that SOME things NEVER change!  Like the authentic Italian food, and great service at Roma Deli!
5	Wow!! still the best in town. I've been in Las Vegas for 30 years and have been dining at Roma Deli and Restaurant for Lunch and Dinner since they opened over 14 years ago. NEVER had a bad experience and always, great food. Another great thing is, they cater!!! From the food to the pastrys, cookeies, breads, groceries, I could go on and on, the staff is exceptional, the owner takes great pride and even greets and serves the guests. I'm from the East Coast and this is how it's done, first class, casual, like family. Love It!
5	I was looking for a deli to grab a sandwich to take back to my room.  I am not normally a fan of italian subs so I was initially disappointed to see that they didn't have much of a selection of cold sandwiches.  However, I ordered the spicy italian and hoped for the best...I was absolutely amazed at how flavorful this sandwich was!  The bread was crispy without being hard, and the sandwich itself was delicious!  I am not normally a big fan of cold sandwiches, but I seriously keep thinking about this sandwich weeks later!The restaurant itself looked pretty authentically italian, and I really can't wait to come back for a sit down meal...it's just gonna be hard not to order that sandwich again!
5	LOVE giving 5 star ratings and Roma is more than deserving. Boyfriend showed this place to me about 6 months months ago and I (scratch that, we) just can't stop. Chicken parm sandwich, every time.
5	Best Italian restaurant in town! The Rigatoni Bosqaiola with chicken is the most incredible pasta dish I've ever had in a restaurant. My family is straight from Italy, just became American citizens last week in fact! So we know what Italian food is supposed to taste like and this is the only Italian restaurant we will go to eat! Definitely definitely try this amazing place. You will not be disappointed. Very clean, friendly, amazing food, great service and a wonderful atmosphere!!!
5	Very friendly staff, owner Massimo is awesome and attentive, he even remembered me when I was last there 2 years ago! Food is always wonderful and the cannolis are by far the best I have tried in the US.
5	If you are looking for an authentic Italian Deli and restaurant than look no further. If you are an east coast Italian and wondering where to find a "real" deli than this is the place. I rarely eat Italian food in restaurants, but I'll eat here any day. Magnifico!!!
3	Below avg service. Ok lasanga. Asked med steak, got well done. Good red sayce for pasta. Overall, didnt meet expectation. I would still reccomend you give it a try.
4	Great Italian food, in Chinatown? who knew.. I was introduced to this place last year when my sister took me out to dinner for my birthday. I had my doubts being that it was a small place in Chinatown but  i was pleasantly surprised.  The inside of the restaurant has an old school east coast charm to it. The shelves on the wall carry pastas, sauces and other goods imported from Italy. The staff and owner are great, super friendly and very attentive. The menu offers probably the best Italian food I've ever had , that didn't come from my grandma's kitchen. You literally can't go wrong with any dish you select, the soups and sandwiches are beyond amazing. Every dish is made fresh the sauce is exceptional and the Italian desserts are a must try. The atmosphere of the restaurant is very  peaceful, no drunken douche bags yelling at a t.v. while you are trying to enjoy a meal. Prices are fairly reasonable and definitely get your moneys worth.
5	Yum! Warm crusty bread to start, prosciutto caprese with olives antipasto, fettuccine sausage ragout special and a nice cold Peroni. Everything was delicious! Pasta was al dente and the sausage ragout was so creamy and tasty. Husband had Gnocchi and said it was bland - he was very jealous of my dish (I always order better than him :)! My brother had the Chicken Parm and said it was great. We will be back and hopefully have enough room for dessert!
