5	This is our first experience with natural dry cleaning, and honestly it is fantastic! We have been going to Natural Cleaners for the past few months, and our clothes always come back smelling wonderful. We have noticed a substantial difference in the quality compared with our dry cleaners in California.The business is family-run, with two locations in the Valley (Scottsdale and Gilbert). The Scottsdale location is in the shopping center at North Scottsdale and the 101, next to the Gordon Biersch Brewery.Our orders typically have a 3 day turnaround, so keep that in mind. Their website says they also deliver orders, but we have no experience with that service. They gave us a dry cleaning bag to bring our clothes in each time, and there are reserved parking spots for their customers.
5	Traveling extensively for work requires that my professional attire be cleaned and pressed at nearly every destination.  With that in mind, my ONLY stop for dry cleaning in the Phoenix area is Natural Cleaners.  Albert and his family are among the most experienced in their profession (sometimes read "art" given some of the stains and tasks I present them).  My clothes come back looking like new or better each and every time I visit.  Though pricing as described is "custom tailored" (see what I did there?), I have never felt more secure in my service purchase anywhere else in the country.  I have no problem spending an extra buck or two when I know that I will look like a million by the time Natural Cleaners is finished with my suits.  And quite frankly, how can you go wrong when you're supporting REAL people who truly care about you and the environment?  If anyone has ever used Natural Cleaners and felt it wasn't a top-notch experience, I urge you to reconsider your decision and give them another chance.  Albert and his family are tremendous people, and will treat you like family.  You have a lifetime client in me!
4	So I called twice to find the location and not only was there not an answer there was voice mail not set up. What a poor example. I finally find it and dropped my clothes and there was no personality.Update:  exchanged emails with the owner. He cares and "Gets it."  Nice!
1	I probably won't go here again! I needed some straps on a dress to be altered/shortened and when I went in, two ladies looked at me and then just kept working. No smile or greeting of any kind. Just stone faced. Then an asian woman came from the back and we conversed (with a little bit of difficulty) about what I needed. Once we got it all figured out, I asked how much and can I pay in advance (so there could be no surprise) and she said it should only be a few dollars, not very much, and that they don't take payment in advance or give a ticket of any sort. Ummm, okay...A week later I go in on the date she said, and again, I'm met with blank stares. I understand that the employees might not speak english well, but they could at least smile, no? Finally, an asian male comes from the back with VERY limited english. He tells me the price and it is NOT just a few dollars. I was a little shocked but since no one could understand me and I needed to get to work, I didn't feel like trying to argue and figure out how to make him understand that a woman the week prior said something different, albeit vaguely so.Ugh! What could I do? I just won't go back I guess. The work done was o.k. Nothing fantastic so I'm not sure why the steep cost :( I'm quite disappointed with the whole experience so beware of what to expect on quality of work and how much you will pay. Just forget about getting good customer service right from the get-go.
4	Just came back from there after dropping off a suit and shirt to be dry cleaned for my bf. I was skeptical after reading the reviews, but I was greeted nicely when I walked in and taken care of right away. I inquired how much it would be and was quoted a price. Overall, it was a pleasant and quick experience
