4	Great place for first rate jewelry.  The staff is very professional and courteous.  They also due to the price of the merchandise take time to explain the why's behind questions you have on sizing etc.  I purchased a green onyx bracelet from here after viewing it a number of times.  The associate explained the new cable the beads sat on to me eliminating breakage on older models.  I then inquired on a necklace and we determined that 22 inches is about appropriate size.  Make sure that you love what you are buying here:  return policy is within 10 days for store credit.  You also definitely pay for the David Yurman name. On an impressive note, I asked what if my bracelet broke after the ten days.  The associate told me to specifically ask for him and he would make it right. Stunning jewelry for individual tastes.
4	Oooohhh....   Shiny objects!David Yurman is my favorite jewelry designer, and I was pretty excited when this store (the first and only Yurman store in AZ) opened a couple of years ago.  Since then, I have visited more times than I like to admit - sometimes to buy and others just to daydream.The staff is consistently friendly and helpful, but never pushy.  I especially like that they will offer to clean my other Yurman pieces while I browse.  Their special attention makes even the pieces I wear nearly every day look new!  :)One thing to note - while the store has an impressive selection of beautiful creations, it seems that many of the items on display are the most expensive version of the collection.  I prefer the simpler pieces, which aren't always up front and center.  That said, if you are looking for a particular something special, don't be afraid to ask!  On a couple of occasions I have gone in looking for specific things that I didn't see displayed, and they were available from the drawers behind the display cases.Looking forward to my next new shiny something!
5	Spent the weekend in Arizona with my mom.  Visited the Yurman boutique for the first time. Stunning jewelry. Impressive service. Very attentive, not pushy. Spent way more than I planned to but absolutely love every item I purchased. Will definitely come back and shop again next time I am in town!!
