2	The food was good, the service was not.Red Robin must have been understaffed when I decided to take my out-of-state parents for dinner and dessert. Everything seemed to be in slow motion. We waited for our food to arrive and when it did we had no silverware or napkins. By the time we did get them, our food needed to be reheated.If once wasn't enough, we ordered dessert and that took a very, very long time to arrive and when it did, we didn't have spoons. We waited and waited for spoons, but they never came. Finally, my dad had to go to the kitchen to get us spoons and he was given a dirty one.My parents have been to several Red Robins throughout the US and they told me this was their worst experience.I think I will pass the next time I am in the Northlake Mall area, there are plenty of other places to choose from.
2	Food: decent.Atmosphere: good.Service: eeeeeeeeeeh. Generally its okay I guess.Price: terrible.$10 for a veggie burger is asking a little much. I mean, the portions are double what the average person SHOULD eat (next time you're in there: play Spot the Obese People game... they're _everywhere_). Then! When I try to not order my regular pain-in-the-butt Bonzai Burger (with a vegan patty, no cheese and a wheat bun) and get a smoothie and a Garden Salad, it costs me the same thing.For the same cost I can get a healthier and much better quality meal. I think the only way I'll be back is if my coworkers drag me here.
3	Mediocre-at-best  somewhat over-priced food and more kids than a McDonald's PlayPlace or Monkey Joe's.  Place is clean and the service is decent.  But if you don't want to be around a lot of kids when you eat, you'll have to go somewhere else.
4	Red Robin is the array of hot girls I dated in my youth. Looks good, nice to show off, everything is nice...at first! Friendly service greets you and takes your order in a well-kept and energetic establishment. As you wait longer and longer for you water, soda, food...it would seem your bipolar waitress/hot girlfriend is starting to drift to the darkside.Food arrives and it's great! Just what I ordered and it tastes like they know what they're doing. I knew that girl wasn't crazy. I guess I'll keep dating her.Check arrives. Dang, didn't I look at the menu prices? I didn't realize she was this high maintenance. Maybe her purse was Gucci in disguise. Maybe I'm really at Spago. Okay...so it's not that expensive...but you could have a got a Big Daddy's burger for a similar price.I rate this a four based off the food mostly. The service is sketchy in a ticket scalper sort of way...and the prices are the same.
5	Forget that this is a chain!  What an awesome burger joint....and I do love burgers!
4	As I mentioned earlier on Olive Garden, we didn't want to wait for at least 50 minutes to sit down then order and wait .... We decided to look for somewhere else close-by.  We were asked earlier by a lady where Red Robin, so we thought we could check that out.  Yes, we did.  OK, typical American food, burgers... The place looks amusement park, good, very lively, like a pub, we are very welcomed. Lots of families that means he price has to be affordable.  No waiting time.  We were hungry so we took it.Every American restaurant offers the same kind of menu... So needless to say.  Price is alright.  We had steak dips comes with side, but the extra side looks real small not same as the server said, I like sweet potato fries and wings, beer to chill down. When someone is hungry, we can shuffle down anything.The sweet potatoes fries were not burnt but kind of cold, I perferred not to complain as it might have been out of microwave warm up.  Unless they fry new sweet pototaes.The dip was good.  But the wings were dried.  I also saw that the celery was dried on the ends and the skin.  I told my friend I guess the chef must be American African.  He asked me why?  I said, I travel and I love cooking.  African love fry food but most of them over-cook and they are dried. American chef cook mostly frozen meat.  Asian cook fresh meat and always juicy (there's a secret to it).  So when we finished, I asked our server Turdy, a sweet young lady if the chef is American African, she said yes and asked how I could tell. I just told her about the food. Anyway, the prices for other food were acceptable for the quality....Since more families customers, their cleaners really have to stay on top of that, otherwise, it can easily spoil the image.  I like the place to come with children on regular basis.
3	The service was nice and quick. There were a lot of little of children and the place was a bit loud at times. The food was fine. I got a chicken finger salad. I like their Royal burger as well. The fries could be cooked a little longer.
3	My 4- year old likes this place. He was disappointed that they stopped giving out balloons. The food is Ok and they have a respectable beer and cocktail selection.  As far as the food, it is predictable and decent.
3	This Red Robin is ok, but that's the best I'll give it. They advertise bottomless fries but somehow my table was never offered any more orders of fries by our server. Guess you have to ask. Wait staff is pleasant but the noise level is a bit too loud.
1	Ate a burger last night, and got sick with headache, diarrahea, and the chills.  will not go back.
3	Red Robin. Yummm?? (Damn those are annoying commercials...) It's alright. For burgers that are unique and original I'd pick a different place. Some of their good points: they can boast of some great onion rings brought out in a towering stack, endless fries is always a selling point, burgers are sizable. However all that aside they're really just okay. Like I said, you can find more interesting burgers at plenty of other places. Their stuff is pretty standard. Grilled chicken sands, BLT burgers, Westerns with onion petals and BBQ sauce. You know, the usual. And the fact is, when you've eaten your fill on that burger and the first round of fries you really aren't going to want and additional servings of fries. Prices aren't bad though I think they've gone up a bit since my last visit long long ago. For location specifics I personally prefer the Red Robin further down WT Harris closer to the University area. Typically I'll go here because it's closer to home and I'm craving a change up. Also, the family tends to prefer knowing what it is they're gonna get when they place an order so we often end up at one of the chain wine/beer-n-dines.
2	Like the other Red Robin's in the Charlotte area, this one started out great when it first opened. The food was out pretty quick and it was hot. The service was good and good consistently. We used to frequent this place on our trips to the mall. Now its almost never busy, the service is lack luster. The manager is typically seated somewhere in the lobby chatting it up with someone for the duration of our visit. The food comes out cold, even though they arent busy. The only reason i give it two stars is because the kids get free refills on thier macaroni and cheese, (one of very few restaurants that do that) and because i am actually a fan of this franchise ii still believe they can turn things around. But until I read that things have changed, we wont be going back anytime soon.Oh, one other thing. The bottomless fries come out 8-10 fries at a time. We counted every time. Barely enough to cover the bottom of the basket. And you have to wait 10-15 minutes between refills, if you see your server that often. If you dont mind waiting, ask for the campfire mayo.. thats a nice freeby they will throw in if you ask for it.
3	The burgers are excellent. Milkshakes were ok, but not worth the price
1	Service at this location is horrible, for the second time in a row we had to wait over five minutes to get service, and this time our server was quick with an excuse. We ended up leaving and I will never come back to this location.
2	Yeah its lunch time and I am on the go.  What better place to pick up lunch but Red Robin Gourmet Burgers,  Well that is how excited I was knowing in my mind this would hit the spot. Ordered the Grilled Chicken salad avocado and my taste buds are dancing. So why not treat myself to something sweet ( Cheesecake strawberries) happy dance :)  Open my salad and the first thought was you have got to be kidding me.  Wilted lettuce, over ripped tomato, uncooked chicken with water down dressing.  Why would you allow this to leave your store and served to faithful customers. For the price I could have bought to Great tasting salads from Chick fil A but Noooooo I wanted the Big Red. Bigger Mistake !!! Just to make it worst I decided to eat the Cheesecake and guess what ?  Whoever cut the slice must have just chopped onions cause that is all I taste.  Simple things make greater impacts on your customers.  Take pride in your service as I take pride in coming to be served the best you have to offer.
2	First, let me say that most of the reasons this place gets only 2 stars has to do with my opinion that the whole Red Robin chain has gone downhill in recent years. The meat is not particularly tasty anymore and the bottomless fries are now served in a literally bottomless cup which is more of a hassle than it's worth. So it goes, I suppose.There were somethings that I made this particular visit sub-par though. The restaurant was absolutely freezing. Even after our food arrived we had to ask 2 different servers for utensils so that we could have napkins. Were either of these things disastrous? No. But they were unpleasant and when coupled with the prior comments about the  food were enough to make me think twice about coming back.
4	I really like their burgers here and live that I can make any of them a veggie burger!
3	There are some 3 star reviews that I write that are giving the benefit of the doubt to a place where I had pretty high expectations but that didn't measure up in some way.  This 3 star review is more of the, don't expect much from a chain place like this but consistently walk away pleasantly surprised.When I come here, it's usually around lunchtime on a weekday and I find myself constantly amazed that they stay open because it's rarely very busy.  They must do a brisk dinner business to keep up.  I find their burgers to be thick, juicy with a good beefy flavor and consistently cooked to the temp I ask for.  I also like the fat steak fries that come with the burgers but never have taken them up on a free refill.All in all, I can name a number of burger places I would choose over Red Robin but, RR is a solid A-OK for me when I'm in the area.
2	The food is good. The service on the hand was dreadful!!! Our server was slow and it seem like he might have been new. If he wasn't, then god help his other tables! It was a Wednesday and the place wasn't crowded. Yet, the kids food took forever. Oh, guess what? He brought the wrong meal out. I love their phone and not fond of this location
1	Food was good but took about 30 mins for 2 burgers to arrive. When we were told someone else got our fries and we would have to wait on ours. Only 3 other tables at the time that's un called for. Waitress could have cared less as she only came by 1 time after taking our order. We also had to wait forever to flag someone down to get our bill. The staff was too busy gathering at the bar to socialize.
2	When I think of burgers, Red Robin doesn't even come to mind.  I came here years ago and never returned.  They give a free burger for birthdays which is the only reason I gave them another chance after all these years but sadly the food hasn't improved since my last visit but apparently they're doing something right with 2 locations on Harris Blvd....just not sure what it is.
4	Red Robin had a royale burger that was pretty darn good once you turn that single patty into a double like I did lol.
3	Been here several times.  The food is consistent and very good in my opinion.  I love the thick steak fries.  The service, however, is also consistent; bad.  On our most recent visit our server didn't know which beers they had on tap, and didn't bother to go find out.  It took over 10 minutes to bring our drinks and take our order.  The manager actually came and took our order before we got our drinks.  Will go back for the food, expecting poor service.
3	It was two years ago that we started cutting carbs and this was the first restaurant that we had tried to dine out at the time. When we asked our server for "no bun", she recommended "protein style" which basically means a lettuce wrap. Huzzah!!I hadn't tasted a burger that was so juicy and filling and satisfying like that.Since then, the meals are still been tasty; but the service has dropped a tad. Servers have to ask us what "protein style" means. We don't make a big deal of it, they want to know. Still, the food is brought out with salad wedges on either side of the burger so the meal presentation is lacking from before.Also, we asked to be moved from our original booth that was not well lit. In fact, we counted six light bulbs that needed replacement on this last Saturday out. I think we had been spoiled from the food and staff from a couple years ago which set such higher expectations for us. We'll still keep going here I'm sure, but what would have truly been a five-star two years ago fro this type of restaurant, is only just a three.
4	After a long hiatus, we revisited this Red Robin. Our food was good, but the service is what stood out. Our waitress was great and very friendly. She checked in on us several times and made sure everything was good. All in all it was a great experience.
3	$4.50 all you drink soda? You have got to be kidding me, and the server says "you can drink all you want until 11 pm".  To add insult to injury, it's not even alcoholic.  Water please, kthxby.
2	Be sure when you order your food. If you order soup or salad as a side and you would like it before your main meal.  The bartender was new took him awhile to make a sangria   The waitress had an attitude.  The mgt did apology the staff was new....etc etc etc.  Not sure we will be back anytime soon.
4	Hadn't been to RR in years but decided to go with a friend and overall it was a good experience. I love spicy food so I went with the Burnin Love burger with a veggie patty, hold the salsa and sauce. It was gorgeous to look at and pretty tasty but not mind blowing. I only ate half of it. Fries were good. I also had the nana nana moo moo shake...delish. My friend went with the wings...YUMMY! I ended up wishing I'd gotten that instead. The service was great and I'll definitely be back for those wings!
