5	Too many times i've been to esthiticians that take too much off of my eyebrows and make me feel self-concious about getting them done. I feel comfortable getting my eyebrows waxed again because, Debbie actually listens to my fears about being "TOO GROOMED" and leaves me still looking manly. I do like how the spa is in a private area in the back and is separate from the salon. Kind of gives me a feeling of privacy and i can walk over after i get my haircut by my stylist Roy.
5	I've been going to Deb for quite a few years now, almost since she got her license.  I currently drive from Spring Valley to the North West just to see her.  Yes, she is that good!As a Latina, I have been blessed with thick, heavy hair.  Unfortunately, it is not always a blessing on ones face and body.  I never fail to get compliments on my eyebrows.  They are always even, and never "overdone"Deb also does my bikini waxes.  She is professional, discrete, quick and makes what can be an embarrasing experience comfortable.  I especially recommend her for "plus size' women.  She never makes you feel shy or bad about your body.  In fact, with all the great services she provides she can make you feel like the Goddess you truly are.Do yourself a favor and schedule some pampering time with Ms. Deb.  You wont regret it!
5	Bought a groupon for a one hour massage/body scrub and was very impressed with the quality of service.  Deb was professional, friendly, and thorough.  She is extremely easy to talk to, so much so that we chatted for the duration of my service.  In addition to her excellent work, I really liked her homemade pink lemonade body scrub -- all natural ingredients and yummy smell!  Go see her, you won't be sorry.
5	I found Deb through a group on for a massage and body scrub. She was very welcoming to me and gave a great massage, afterward the home made, delicious smelling body scrub rejuvenated my skin so I felt 100% relaxed, from my muscles to my skin. She is also a very nice person and i enjoy chatting with her. She also has an website where you can book an appointment, which is very convenient for me because I am not able to answer my phone most of the day and in the past have played "phone tag" too many times! I would definitely recommend Deb, and I do, to all my friends!
5	I love Deb! She is easy going, and super friendly. I got a Brazilian wax, and let me tell you, it was not as painful as I remember. She knows what she is doing!!Ladies, if you are thinking of getting any waxing service. Deb is your girl! I will never go to anyone else.
5	My husband and I booked treatments with Deb for our vacation to Las Vegas. We both enjoyed Deb's relaxing, professional service. We left feeling pampered and rejuvenated!
1	New to the area so I wanted to pop in for a quick eyebrow wax. Saw the $5 instant check in deal on Yelp so decided to walk in. Clearly said walk ins welcome on the outside of the building. That is wrong. Walk ins are not welcome you must make an appointment. The receptionist didn't say anything about an apt when I told her I was walking in for an eyebrow wax. She told me to go have a seat in back while she let Deb know I was waiting. I waited 20 minutes before she finally acknowledged me sitting there and told me I needed to have an appointment. What a waste of time.
5	I was really nervous about waxing since I hadn't had my legs or bikini done in a good 10 years or so.I chose Deb because I had heard of her through a Groupon, and all the yelp reviews for her were 5 stars. I booked online which I liked because you can add all the services you want and get a time/price estimate when you book.Deb is located inside the Canyon Falls Spa at the corner of Alexander and Craig, Just an FYI because it through me off a little bit when I 1st pulled up.Deb was super friendly, very personable, very professional. I was a nervous since it had been so long since my last wax experience, and it can be a little uncomfortable stripping down for a Brazilian with a stranger, but Deb made me feel really comfortable immediately, and I never felt embarrassed or awkward.I was, also, grateful that Deb clearly "knew what she was doing". She knew how to position me, hold the skin, etc, and she worked quickly. I had my arms, legs, and a Brazilian which took slightly over an hour. And, it cost just over $100.Waxing sucks, so when someone makes it as fast and pain free as possible AND does a good job...they are worth the drive, time, money!! I can pretty much say with certainty I will not get waxed by anyone else in Las Vegas!!If you are in the market for any waxing services I cannot recommend Deb enough. She was so good that I came home and booked a facial and body scrub so I could try out her other services!!
5	I have been coming to Deb for quite a few years now.  It all started with a Groupon!  Her hands work wonders and her personality is top notch.  She has worked on both my mother and my daughter as well as me.  She is AWESOME!!  I would highly recommend Debs services many times over!
