5	Hooray - another delicious food cart! I was so excited to hear about Roots Farm Food - a food cart committed to providing super fresh food w/ingredients sourced within 100 miles of Charlotte. My first experience eating at Roots was at Charlotte's Clean & Green fest when I indulged in a duck confit taco and the most perfect grilled cheese. First of all, I really appreciate that Roots grows many of its own veggies and sources plenty of ingredients very close by. But it's really about the taste, isn't it? Both items did not disappoint in the least! I never eat duck. Seriously - I never eat duck...but when hubs ordered the duck confit taco with fresh slaw and a toasted soft taco shell, I just had to try it. Suffice it to say, he didn't get to eat very much of that duck taco...I did! Delicious. And how about the grilled cheese?! Ooey gooey with super fresh cheese, delicious toasty, buttery bread...perfection. I'm pretty delighted that the fresh and local food carts are finally being brought into Charlotte. Do yourself a favor and hit up their website, find the cart and get back to your Roots.
4	Met these guys at Yelpo de Mayo. AWESOME guys, AWESOME concept! So excited for them to get the word out about their company! The food they were serving at the Yelp event (Duck Confit Tamale) was amazing and I can't wait to visit them at their food cart to see what else they have going on ! Love seeing more slow food making it's way in!!
4	Roots, such a powerful word. When I hear roots, I think of the essence. Essence in this context refers to their mission, their beliefs. The belief of supporting your neighbors, supporting your local economy, eating and living healthy. Roots being all of the veggies, proteins are organic, from local farms. Combining passionate growers with a passionate chef equals a creation of beauty. Food for the soul.
4	I actually have seen this truck before but last night finally tried something from them. It was the Pork Belly Sliders with Apple slaw and it was Awesome, try them if you see them around!
5	Roots is deliciousness on wheels. They offer delicious locally-sourced food to uptown lunch goers from their truck every weekday until 1 at 3rd and Tryon and I've managed to track them down some dinners at Chow Down food truck rallies and elsewhere.  Understanding that you have to pop a squat elsewhere, this is my have of all food trucks.My obsession with them started when we first tasted them at Yelpo de Mayo. Then the stalking began.  For a long while I held the title of mayor of this little food truck that could. Each day they offer 3 different lunch choices- typically 2 big ones and a smaller one or salad.  Sometimes they offer a soup too. It really won't do you too much good for me to list off my favorites because it truly changes every day and I haven't seen too many repeats.  They often offer a nice vegetarian alternative which is nice and don't overdo the current meat au courant, pork.  Some of my have veggie dishes have been a winter root vegetable pita with pumpkin hummus and apple risotto sliders.  You can view their inventive menu every day at their website but don't trust their social media unfortunately. They offer tea complimentary with the meal.  Generally they are efficient and the prices are reasonable.  My only complaint? They shut down at 1 sharp every day and I often get hungry at 1:15 (or have a meeting that precludes me from getting there before 1) and they're always gone. Doh! The other complaint is twice they've had cilantro in dishes but didn't have it listed on the menu which is dangerous for someone with allergies. I'm used to it with mexican or vietnamese, but they put it once in an italian dish which is why I didn't bother asking. Other than that, I love thee Roots.
4	If you haven't had a chance to catch this truck uptown, you're truly missing a treat!  Taco Thursday's are truly an amazing experience offering 3 different types of tacos made from fresh local ingredient's.....yep you heard right...fresh and local!  They were offering 3 different tacos grilled chicken, chorizo, and roasted veggie.....of course I couldn't decide and tried all 3(don't judge me folks I am a true foodie:-).  Each taco had a different fresh and local veggie topping, like pickled onions or cucumber cilantro slaw.  The veggie taco, which was the star of the show for me consisted of turnips, butternut squash, onions, herbs and pink lady apples.......WOW!  I loved every bite of it and looking forward to Taco Thursday from this day forward.......
5	One of my favorite lunch spots uptown.  I stalk the Roots website almost daily to see if they'll be open in their usual spot in the parking lot at the corner of 3rd & Tryon (their days of operation are a little sporadic) and to see what yummy goodness they're offering that day.  Some of my best lunches have come from this inconspicuous little white cart.  They use only locally sourced ingredients to provide an inventive, gourmet spin on tacos, wraps and soups, etc.     My favorite dishes were the grilled pork belly tacos with apple slaw (sinfully good) with a side of cilantro rice (which is always free with your taco purchase), and a decadent duck pot pie topped with puff pastry.  If these ever make an appearance again on their menu, I'll be the first in line! Tips: Go early as they can run out of popular items fairly fast.  They usually only offer two or three different dishes each day.  Also, this isn't quite 'fast food' - expect to wait a few minutes for your food unless you're ordering soup.  They have complimentary tea (cold or hot, depending on the season) you can help yourself too while you wait.
5	Just enjoyed two of their Marinated Chicken Tacos and I am beyond pleased. These tacos were crazy tasty. Amazing food coming out of such a small stand. I walked from the office to their spot and back in heels...and I'd do it again for those damn tasty tacos.
4	Finally got to try Roots Farm Food last night at the Passport to NoDa food truck rally. It was worth the wait! I tried their sliders. I got the 14 hour smoked beef brisket. Yum! I also tried the pork belly slider. Again yum! They were super friendly too! I look forward to catching up with them again in the near future for some more delicious food! A nice added touch, they through in an extra slider for my wife's birthday!!! You just can't beat great customer service.
5	When it comes to the world of sliders, Roots Farm Food does it right. Man were their sliders tasty. I tried the 14 hour beef brisket slider and the pork belly slider. Both just made to perfection. My friends had the falafal and they had they same response as I did. Clearly Roots takes pride in their food.
5	Such a welcome change of pace for lunch in Uptown.  Parked at the corner of Third and Tryon on many days, Roots offers a nice farm to table offering of unique eats.  Many days, those eats are a variety of interesting tacos.  This Wednesday brought four choices, duck confit, chorizo and strawberries, coconut curry chicken with Thai cucumbers and veggie.  I had one each of the first three for $10 and each was a delicious combo of flavors and textures.  Thanks for the hard work and good food Roots!
5	Roots is a food truck that has taken a deep hold of the Queen City and me, so I'm just gonna put it out there: This is simply the best food truck I've had the pleasure of dining from to date.The concept is simple and part of a growing trend: cooking with locally-sourced foods that are seasonal and allowed to ripen fully to deliver a product with superior quality and taste.  The skill in the kitchen is exceptional.  Head chef Craig Barbour  and his team have a laser-like focus on bringing out the best of the season's offerings by combining flavors that boast of freshness and delight the palate with contrasts.  For example, summer's bounty brings heirloom tomatoes roasted and then drizzled with a balsamic reduction and finished with basil.  Or how about a watermelon gazpacho with lime infused creme fraiche?  The preparation here is always elevated just a bit and takes that menu item onto another level.  Another example: Local pork chorizo taco with blueberry chipotle and cucumber fennel salad.  The final product tastes as good as it sounds.  In short, this is a foodie's delight and these guys manage to do it routinely, with gusto.  Too bad you can only find them for lunch during the mid-week and then a couple special events for evenings.  Do follow them on Twitter and/or Facebook to stay updated.  Craig maintains an e-mail list with a routine listing of the day's menu and there next stops.  Lunch at 3rd and Tryon is available Tuesday thru Thursday.I'd also recommend their website for information about their whereabouts and their cooking classes, which have an increased following.  If these classes produce anything like a typical menu on their cart, then it's worth your while.  While other food carts tend to have a few specialties and do them well, Roots changes things up and continues to impress.  Despite its small size, this cart has huge abilities.  If you like the local food movement, search these guys out.  If you happen to just stroll by them one day, do your taste buds a favor and try something, anything.  If you like good food, let Roots take hold over you too.
5	Had the polenta cake with poached egg and fresh veggies and bacon...It was INCREDIBLE! The flavors were amazing. The egg was perfectly poached and when combined with the perfect polenta cake, you could appreciate the flavors of the onion and peppered bacon in perfect harmony! This is a "Do Not Miss" food truck and a perfect way to start your Saturday morning at the Atherton Farmers Market
5	The pork belly tacos are insanely good!!!! Sign up for their emails to keep up with the awesome menus! Oh and the breakfast they serve at the Atherton Mill market is crazy delicious too!
4	Food cart done the right way! Awesome spot, if you work uptown and haven't tried this yet you're missing out. The food is always local and fresh, and the taste tells the story. Food items change regularly and you can check before walking over on their website. They also really follow the seasons which not many other spots uptown do during lunch.The price is very reasonable and for the ammount of food you get it really one of the best deals uptown for lunch.Always very nice service, a line always forms so getting there before 11:30 or after 1:00 will get you in and out in about 5.
5	Hands down the best lunch/breakfast I have ever had.  A must try.  Check out Roots at 3rd and Tryon for lunch Tues-Thurs, or Atherton Mill Market on Saturdays for breakfast.  If you live in Dilworth this will be your go-to breakfast place every Saturday!
5	This is how food should be made.  They have such a great idea and the food comes out like magic.  Tacos are my favorite, but I would seriously try everything they produce.  Excellent food truck!
5	My boyfriend and I go the the Atherton market every Saturday to get breakfast from Roots. We love getting our food, sitting out in the sun and enjoying the market festivities. Some times there are animal adoptions going on. It is seriously my happy place. Farmers market, incredible food from a food truck and puppies? Incredible combination.  The menu is always changing and we are both always pleasantly surprised. One time they had a pork tenderloin with a coffee rub....heaven. I was so sad when it was gone. I haven't gotten the chance to get lunch from them yet but if you follow them on facebook you can see where they are on a daily basis. The staff is always so nice and you can tell they put tons of though and creativity into their creations.
5	Incredible again today in Uptown Charlotte!  Got a Chorzio and Shiro Taco with a side of Aleppo Rice. Never disappointed! If you have seen the line but have never stepped into it...you are missing out. Plus, they are fast so don't expect to be there very long. Great job again ROOTS!
4	Got to drop back a STAR today. Even thought I love Roots, my tacos today were not  quite up there as they normally are. I got the Baby roots Taco and though full of root vegetables, it had white potatoes and would have been tastier with Sweet Potato. Just not much taste. I also got he Jerky Chicken taco, The chicken was a bit burnt tasting and had excess fat. And lastly, my tortillas were on the burnt side as well. However, I WILL be back next week! Still my favorite Wednesday lunch stop.
4	Usually get their tacos every Wednesday in uptown Charlotte at the corner or 3rd and Tryon. They also are sometimes at this location on Thursdays as well. Check them on Facebook to get their daily location. On the food...it's always really good. Keep in mind it's focused a bit more on healthy farm to table and their food is not smothered in cheese and grease to make it taste good. Anything they do with pork is always great. When they have chorizo tacos they aren't to be missed. Their potato tacos are always really good as well. I think the only thing that has been hit and miss is their chicken tacos. Not quite sure why. Maybe I'm just tired of chicken. Not to say their chicken tacos are bad I just don't end up liking them as much as the other ones I get.Some people have already mentioned it but I'll do the same on their breakfast at Atherton market on Saturdays. Definitely worth the trip. Another plus is they are really nice folks and service is very good. I know it's a food truck but I've been to plenty of food trucks where people working there weren't all that nice. Makes a big difference to me. Sorry no pictures of my tacos today but I was really hungry. Trust me they were really tasty and very appetizing as well.
3	A farm to table food truck is like getting an extra scoop of hot fudge on your sundae - perfect!  Roots sets up in uptown on Wednesday's and delivers a "taco" day experience.  They frequently rotate their menu on the actual tacos they sell, but rest assured, they will be relatively fresh and edgy.Had a brisket taco and a thai-style chicken taco and both were pretty tasty.  The price ($7 for 2 tacos, $10 for 3) is a bit on the steep side, so the whole value side of the equation falls a bit short.  Honestly, there's no need to have a "waiter" standing out front of the truck, take the orders at the window, cut her costs, and knock down the prices $1 for both 2 and 3 taco orders and you'll make more.Truth be told, but I was not blown away.  While the tacos were tasty, they weren't knocking my socks off with flavor, were average or even small on portion size, and no one will convince me otherwise, those were not fresh tortillas.I'm very much down with the food truck experience, but any corner cutting whatsoever sticks out like a sore thumb because you don't have the restaurant experience to mask the deficiencies.  At the end of the day, I will check out the menu when I walk by there during the lunch hours of my future Wendesdays, but they're going to have to really nail a recipe to tickle my appetite enough to convince me to eat here again.
5	I have had the chance to work with head chef Craig Barbour on two occasions and I look forward to working with him in the future. His food truck served 300 people at a backyard party and served delicious and reasonably priced food efficiently to all the guests. I only heard compliments from those in attendance. I have also used Craig for a private dinner for 4 people on New Years Eve. He took great care in providing a menu that met our desires, served food that was not only excellent, but prepared beautifully and was a pleasure to work with.
