5	I first discovered this last year by mistake. I was texting while walking and tripped over the box of Vinyl out on the street ( Not the first time that Black Sabbath have floored me). I was about to get all mad until I realised what it was.When i went inside I easily spent an hour in here, painstakingly sifting through every record, cd and DVD. I got Night of the Living Dead for a quid and 2001 for a fiver and had a great chat with the guy behind the counter. Go here first before going to HMV, you'll probably find what you need.
5	It was the boxes of records we spotted at the door that prompted my brother and I to cross the road and have a look in this brilliant literature and music emporium. It was also pretty unusual for us to be walking down Leith Walk in the first place, with it not really being in our normal neck of the woods, but the combination of needing to walk off a huge lunch, plus general curiosity about what Leith Walk retail was up to these days, made us go for the stroll rather than the lazy bus option.Elvis Shakespeare is my favourite kind of specialist dealer for two reasons. The first being, it sells books. I've got a thing about picking up random, older editions of books that are unusual and hard to find, because I love the different designs you can find on the covers, and it's just a bit more interesting than buying a book brand new. The second reason I admire this shop is for its carefully collated A-Z organisation. The records are catalogued alphabetically, with the CDs and books also organised efficiently by category. I realise that there's a certain charm to wandering into other types of dealers and unearthing a gem of an item when everything's just piled up in little mishmash heaps, but I like my shopping somewhere in-between, still with plenty of character, but with some sort of formula to it.It's clear that the bloke that owns this shop has reams of musical knowledge, and is passionate about telling people about it, which is just ideal, specialism plus someone that actually cares about what they're selling can't be beaten.My brother left with a rare Ska CD, and I found the first book I ever reviewed and had since lost, so just had to buy a copy. An excellent afternoon's work.
5	I salute whoever first realised that a shop like Elvis Shakespeare would work. By combining two of my loves - old music and old literature, they have inadvertantly created one of my favourate shops. Its not big, its not nessicarly cheap (rarer = more expensive) and its not full of the latest pop but thats what makes this place so special. There is really a lot of stuff here - books, dvd's, cd's, vynils - you name it, they have it and I'm pretty sure you will find something that will make you love this place first time you come here. Whats more, they know thier stuff - its almost scary, but ask a question (the more obscure the better) and you will get an answer!Excellent!
5	Adding to the list of enthused music fanatics, I can report that Elvis Shakespeare is a fountain of all music and book resources!With an amazing, impressively large catalogue of books, music, DVD's and fanzies all for low prices, what is even more impressive is that the empassioned owner seems to know everything...about everything. He is like a walking encylopedia and has an incredible capacity to store every pop culture reference since the 50s in his brain. He could reel off music from the top of his head like it was the most natural thing in the world.Absolutely great for a raid and with some unusual old treasures (including a noteworthy collection of old fanzines) this is what all music stores should be like! Pivotal amongst music nuts in Edinburgh and somewhere I always visit when I'm through, I love this place.
5	Finally made it to the Leith Walk section of town on my last day of my recent visit and it turned out to be a case of the best was saved for last.  This shop is an absolute gem in a diamond of a city and I can't recommend it strongly enough for both literary and musical pursuits.  Skimming the shelves it's immediately apparent that the owner values quality over quantity, and I found his vinyl rating system to be both fair and accurate.  I spent the better part of an hour rifling through the LPs and probably could've doubled my Catch if I had thought to take a cab back to the hotel instead of the bus because the shop's prices are more than reasonable.I also have to hand it to the owner for his inventive arrangement and organization of the books on shelves and vinyl in pull-out drawers below.  I mean, there's nothing worse than walking into a shop where the merch is a randomly scattered heap all over the floors and counters that gives you feeling that you've walked into house of cards.Next time, I'm stopping by on the first day in town.
