4	Best BBQ I've had in Pittsburgh up to date.I ordered a full rack of pork ribs w/ hot red sauce, side of potato salad and a side of mac and cheese to split.  The food came out in around 15 min, which is okay since it means it's freshly cooked instead of being constantly reheated.  Ribs were delicious.  Now these are full sized St. Louis ribs, not those tiny baby back ribs, so be ready to eat.  The owner recommended the red sauce to go w/ pork, which worked out well.  Potato salad was the best potato salad I've had in a while.  They have a part mustard base which adds a different dimension to the typically heavily mayo-ed version (which is gross.)  Mac 'n cheese was amazing.  So amazing.  None of that blue box jazz.  None of that Sysco-produced monotony.  Cooked with love.  Yum.They're working on serving chicken 'n waffles on Sundays.  Don't know when it'll be out, but I'm pumped for that as well.Prices are reasonable at around 15 a person.  This is assuming you're eating less than 2 pounds of food.  I think that's a pretty safe assumption for most people.If you're sick of the monotony of chain BBQ places, check out Steel City Rib House.  Highly recommended.
4	Mighty fine southern comfort food. I went today for chicken and waffles only to find that they were not doing sunday brunch until next sunday. I had a sampler plate of pork rib, fried chicken wing, and fried tilapia with collard greens and mac-n-cheese for sides. The fried chicken (very light batter if any at all) and fish (cornmeal) were just great. The rib was falling off the bone tender, but I didn't really care for the house sauce and the rub seems non-descript needing some sauce. Collard greens were awesome with a little sweetness to go with the saltiness. Mac-n-cheese was not very interesting.Iced tea came from a Nestea can, so beware.Overall a good experience, but order carefully.
5	Wow!I was first lured in by their sweet potato pies but went back when I heard about their sunday chicken and waffles and I've been going every sunday since. I've had chicken and waffles in the south before but nothing even close to this. The most delicious crispy chicken that I recommend you dip in both the maple syrup and hot sauce. Best meal ever! If you ever get tired of that, there are always the beef ribs, ginamorous sized ribs that come with three different dipping sauces. This place is a hidden gem! They're still re-modeling so the insides don't look so hot but who cares when the food is this good. And Becky, the restaurant owner, just might be the most wonderful woman i know! She knows everyone's names and tries so hard accomodate all your needs. Go get the chicken and tell Becky Phyllis sent you!12.18RIP Steel City RibsI still talk about you to any of my friends that will listen :(I miss you.
