3	Walmart is like warm beer - you love to hate it!Crowds are insane. Check out lines will age you. There never anyone to answer your questions. And even if you do find anyone chances to get anything beyond blank stares are slim-to-none. Its dirty. Stupidly design. BUT.....Selection is pretty damn good (Granted you find crap on your own.) Prices will outdo any other store for compatible quality stuff. You CAN walk in there naked and walk away fully dressed riding a lawn more with TV at the back, waving a rug in one hand and a tennis rocket in the other.Pretty much if you need cheap shit for cheap prices, have a bit of time and good nerves then Wal-Mart is for YOU! "Its alright"Eugene
1	The only reason I go to Walmart if either because I was some crap that's dirt cheap or I need a fishing license. Well, it's that time of the year again to get that license! Dropped by later at night when my other errands were over, spent about 5 minutes with the licensing guy, but he said I had to pay up front since he closed his register (10:30PM). He told me I had to go to register 15, too. Now this license for all water ways with trout stamp and two pole stamp was about $60.00, and it was in my hand. A less honest man would've just left but not me. I wish I had. There were three people in front of me in lane 15 (NO ONE in other lanes), and it took 30 minutes. It was because 1. I was in the only cigarette line! 2. The cashier was very slow. 3. The drawer was not well stocked and she called for change every two minutes.I got home at 11:15PM, and I am glad my fishing license is good until 2010!!!
4	Okay, okay, we all hate Wal*Mart, I got it, I got it. However.This store is immaculately clean and has some mean chicken wings in the deli: Extra crunchy, salty, and meaty.Dear God.
4	Yes I shop at Wal-Mart! It is fast, easy, clean (including restrooms), cheap, and right across the street from Costco. Why pay more anywhere else?
1	You know you are in a bad section of town when the greeter at the Walmart doesn't even smile back at you or say "Welcome to Walmart!" when you walk in.  I mean, they get PAID to do that!   And I always smile and say hi to them.Nor was the cashier in any way friendly when I checked out.  I only went here because the very nice gal at the one on Rural said this one had a bigger inventory and might have what I was after.  I'll never go back here unless enough time goes by that I forget this bad experience.   No wonder this place has such bad reviews.
1	I've avoided Wal-Marts in big cities for years. Life is too short. But WM seems to be trying to upgrade its image, its stores, and the quality of the fresh foods in their Supercenters. So I gave this one a try. I got three or four items from the produce center (it was actually quite impressive), and headed to the 12 items or less lane. There were maybe a dozen people in that line in front of me. Sigh. Oh well.So I stand there - checking my iPhone email - and it slowly dawns on me that someone is yelling. So I look up and I see the cashier of this line - a grizzled old lady shaking her bony finger - is screaming for me to get out of her line because she'd turned her light off. No joke - screaming! It took me a good five or six seconds to truly realize that this was actually happening, and happening to me. So I yelled back that someone as old as her should have better manners, that her light was on when I got in line, and that she should feel free to proceed straight to hell. I dropped my produce on the floor and walked straight out the door. Never again...
2	Ahh, nothing beats the scent of body odor, cigarette smoke, and beer on a beautiful Sunday afternoon at Walmart. Hey, we can get these free smells at almost any Walmart. Once you have been to one Walmart you have been to them all. Cheap prices and everything you could ever want to purchase all in one place! Rock on! Having said that, this Walmart's layout is pretty bad. Everything is scattered around the store, and it is so hard to find what your looking for. I think they want you to wander around aimlessly with no sense of direction. Of coarse the only people who actually work at Walmart are the cashiers, so good luck finding someone to point you in the direction of the hand soap section. Sadly, there are other Walmart locations that are better. (Did I just say that?)
3	It's Walmart and they are all the same: extremely painful places to go into.  You go in there to get something cheap that you are willing to put up with the crap to get it at that price for.  I go there for dog food.  The brand I buy is FAR cheaper there than ANYWHERE else.  But I have some doozy stories that would be hard to top by anyone writing reviews on here at this, particular WalMart.  Here's one of them:Well, I don't spend much time there anymore, figure out what I need before I go in, get it and get OUT of there before - something happens.  So it was on this day that I am referring to.  I went to the Garden center to pay - I had parked back there on purpose to avoid the ridiculousness that they call cashiers, lines and whatever else going on up there at the front of the store (I have numerous stories about management and "gelling" with them up there as well).Well, the Garden center exit was opened, meaning that there should have been someone at the register.  There wasn't a single employee to be seen, anywhere.  I stood there for fully 5 minutes before I whipped out my phone and called Walmart.  Yes, I called THAT Walmart from inside the store.  I asked the person that answered if they could send someone over to the Garden Center to run the register. At first I was the only one waiting, after a while, there were several people waiting.  Well, no-one showed up. I called again, this time asking for the store's manager.  They put me on hold.  I have been at this Garden center checkout for well over 10 minutes now, waiting for the phantom cashier to show up and now, waiting on hold. I was on hold for several minutes.  No-one got back on the phone to tell me they were trying to get the manager on the phone, they were, apparently, just leaving me on hold and that would be the end of that.As fortune would have it, the store's general manager and a bunch of suits came walking up to a department just on the inside of the store, not 50 feet away from me.  The suits I assumed were corporate people.  I didn't know and I never asked, but they definitely weren't shopping there, lol.  I walked up to the manager and asked her if she was ever going to answer the phone?  She had no clue what I was talking about.  I informed her that I was on hold, right then and there, for HER to answer the phone.  This was obviously embarrassing for her, but, I had waited and waited, enough was enough.  I explained to her the situation.  All of it.  We all walked back to the Garden center registers and lo and behold, a cashier had magically appeared.  The manager, however, stopped her in the middle of what she was doing with a customer and brought her near where "we", the suits and I, were standing there, watching all of this.  She asked the cashier if she has "abandoned her post"?  Why yes, was the curt reply, someone had dropped a glass something-or-other and she had to go clean it up.  Great, said the manager, but why did you leave the register unattended?  Because, the reply came, of the mess on the floor.  That cashier was rebuked, right in front of all of us.  I will say that that was a pretty poor decision on the manager's part.  No matter how bad an employee messes up, you don't go giving out stern rebukes in front of customers, at least that's my opinion of it.  But, I said nothing, just listened to it.  The manager got done with her and came back to me.  Go ahead, you can go now.  ??? I had a basket full of stuff.  About $75 worth.  I was confused.  I hadn't paid for anything.  I informed her that I hadn't paid for any of the stuff in my cart.  She said, yes, I know, you are free to leave now.  I mean, Walmart has all kinds of security, they have full time security and they have cameras EVERYWHERE.  I wasn't ABOUT to walk out of there without extreme certainty that she was giving me permission to leave without even taking inventory of the items that I had in there. She replied yes, that is all yours, sorry for the inconvenience.  I thanked her profusely for the free items, you don't get THAT everyday, anywhere!  I walked out of there with all that unbagged, unchecked stuff without a receipt and kept looking behind me.  Is this some kind of nightmarish joke? Are they actually going to pay me back for making trouble about it by sending security after me?  I continued to keep eyes on the back of my head all the way to my car and even as I was driving out of the driveway!!I gave it 3 stars because usually, if you are willing to contact management, the ending is okay.  Getting $75 worth of product for free was definitely a good ending!
2	While I happen to frequent this location more often than not, it is only because of the proximity to my house.  I have been in other locations that are cleaner and run more efficiently.  It is Walmart and it is useful for what it is, but I limit what I need to get here simply because I am not a fan in general.  That being said, it isn't bad because it is 24 hours and has helped out in a pinch on more than one occasion.  I will continue to come here but only on an as needed basis and only if I can get in and out quickly.
2	An Ode to Walmart: It's WalmartA senior citizen handing out carts at the door.  My cart doesn't roll straight.  I'm not surprised.  There are no baskets, just carts.  Is that a hint?It's Walmart.More babies than a daycare.  More seniors than a senior center.  And tattoos for everyone.It's Walmart.Cardboard kingdoms of snacks, a tower of cheese balls bigger than you head for $5.98 each, a wall of ramen labeled "Cup-O-Soup," and a kid putting cheese balls bigger than your head into his family's cart.It's Walmart.Fifty cent clearance plastic margarita glasses.  A crate of $5 DVDs bigger than my bathtub.  The PA announces "All loaders, code 60.  All loaders, code 60."It's Walmart.A pharmacy, vision center, credit union, grocery store, hair dresser, automotive section, toy store, bike shop, Home Depot, and Office Depot all under one roof.  I think I got lost twice.It's Walmart.Profits measured one penny at a time.  Is Walmart a savior for the poor or does Walmart enable poverty?  Economist can't decide.  Does Walmart help the environment by working with vendors to reduce and remove packaging, and engaging in some environmental friendly projects.  Environmentalists have decided.It's Walmart.Self-checkout with a weight sensor to keep you honest.  They've never checked my receipt at the exit.  Is it because I'm white?It's Walmart.Patrons leave their carts at the bus stop.  Where did that hour of my life go?
1	How do I give NO stars? Ok, I get that it is Walmart and to some degree you have to just buck up and deal because it is going to be dirty, everyone who works there is going to by unhappy, etc. However, this Walmart hit a new Walmart low for me this week when I ordered a camera and storage card online to pick it up on this store. The card was ready immediately, but the camera would not be ready for pickup for one week. No problem, except I received an e-mail that if I did not pickup the card with 48 hours the card would be put back on the shelf and I would be credited. So I called the store and politely explained that I would like to make only ONE trip to Walmart and asked if they could hold the card a few more days. Before I could finish, I was interrupted by a teenage boy manager and was told there was NO WAY they could hold it and that was policy, no exceptions. When I pressed him he told me I could not speak to the store manager and instead I should call walmart.com. Which I did, and they hung up on me. Awesome.Bottom line: they were unhelpful and because I need the camera for work I kept the order. But that will be the last time I ever deal with Walmart.
3	This Walmart is only not busy late at night. Most of the prime times the lines are really long and the store is packed. I go here often because it's within walking distance. But it should be bigger or have less displays so people aren't always tripping on each other.
3	Let's say for a Walmart experience is alright, keeping in mind that this store stays busy at all times and a couple of employees are a bit distant when one ask a question relating an item.  However, the food quality is good and their other depts. are alright as Walmart goes.
3	I visited the Vision Center at this location to have an eye exam.The staff was a bit disorganized. There are a few front-facing people who handle people who are checking out or buying glasses. I had to interrupt one of them, since there was no indication of what to do to check in for an appointment. That lady was irritated that no one in the back was helping people to their appointments. In the back, there were two assistants (a.k.a. high school students) that helped with appointment paper work and the basic eye tests that come before every eye exam. I had to do one of the tests over, because the assistant didn't tell me that I had to take out my contacts. She was more interested in going out to lunch with her friend. She actually booked out of the place after improperly administering the tests and the other assistant had to help me. The optometrist was irritated that the assistants could not properly administer the tests. The facility is definitely what you would expect of a doctor's office set up in a Walmart. It had only basic equipment and was pretty plain, though it seemed at least decently clean. The good thing about the process was that it was pretty fast and simple. They didn't have me sitting around for an hour like most medical offices. The tests and visit with the doctor were the same as I've had elsewhere. Unfortunately, the price was the same as any eye exam I've had at about $75 (additional $20 fee if you want your pupils dilated). It would be nice to save more than time considering the staff and facilities are not up to par with typical offices.Another good thing is that Walmart is partnered with 1800contacts. This makes it easy to send in your prescription and order contacts online. I do recommend buying your contacts from 1800contacts, since they are typically about 50% the price of buying them in person at the optometrist's office.
2	I saw 2 sharts, a skullet and a brony!
3	just another big store with everything everywhere.
3	I used to shop at this Walmart all the time when I lived down here a few years ago.  When I'm over in this area, I drop in here and get what I need.  I think they must have remodeled it since I was last here.When I first started shopping here, it was one of the nicer places to shop, walmart wise.  Great organized food section, and all the fixings that go along with it.  Then, I stopped coming here for whatever reason and came in sometime later and it was a hot mess.  Now? It seems to be back on track again.The one thing I hate about every walmart, especially this one, is the parking lot.  Getting in and out seems to be a hazard, and you almost have to take your life into your own hands.  Make sure your car insurance and life insurance are up to date when you shop here, mostly for the parking lot alone.Aside from that, no real complaints about the place.
2	Hardly any selection on halloween make up.  And I can't find an old granny long sleeve pjs...  (Look for my ghost outfit for halloween).  =(
5	For Wal-Mart's this one is among my favorites.  I can always find what I need and the stock is always replenished, and the prices are reasonable.  The store is clean, and the staff is all friendly and helpful.  You can also get in, get your stuff and check out in a reasonable time too, which is in STARK contrast to the God awful Wal-Mart that is closest to my house.
5	I love this Walmart! Always got what I need, and the staff is awesome!
4	C'mon, you are being much too hard on this place.  Great prices on most necessities, groceries not so much but I very rarely buy that stuff here.  Lame wine selection, but okay in the beer and alcohol department.Not quite as many strange characters as those you see in "The People of Wal-Mart" video (darn?).Generally this place has what I stop in for, except for chicken feed and quality kibble that is safe to feed your dog. Really folks, stop buying your dog food here.So TP, pain and allergy meds, cleaning supplies, Hanes socks and underwear for the men, Leggs nylons...Oh yeah, and a Subway too!Not much else.See?!  It's all good.
1	I'm standing in the "express" lane as I wright this...been standing here 10 minutes so far and watched 1 (one) person pay and leave.  This is by far the biggest botch up of an express lane I've witnessed in my 29 years of life.The store itself is fine, orderly and neat enough...just budget 20 mins to stand in a line of 4 people, that's all. Bah.
5	This Wal-Mart is one that is in my neighborhood and much better than the Baseline and Country Club location I reviewed recently. I know my way around this Wal-Mart, for one thing, plus everything is arranged in an easier order than the other place. I shop not just for clothes and music items here, but also for some of my grocery needs, as the prices here are cheaper on certain items than at Fry's, Albertson's, Safeway, & Basha's. This store is clean and well organized and every time I've been in there, the store associates have been really kind, friendly, and have even showed their humorous side a time or two. I mean, really, you'd have to have a sense of humor to work at Wal-Mart, because they have gotten so much negative publicity for their lack of benefits for their employees and for other reasons as well. I recommend this location because of its friendly, helpful employees & well put-together store. The ONLY drawback I have is the fact you can't turn into their parking lot from Priest/Grove Parkway. If you're coming down from that direction, you have to turn left onto Elliot Road & then take another left to get into the shopping center or go clear to the light and take a left there to get in at the other end of the complex.
4	Great prices and I can't argue with that. I am all about saving money and I don't really care what the customers look like. I am there to shop not criticize what the customers and employees look like. I have been coming here for almost 10 years and I have never had a complaint. Management has always helped me out with an issue that I might have had and I have always left the store satisfied.
1	One star for lack of open registers. It doesn't matter if I go to Walmart in the morning, noon or night this place never has enough registers open.I learned a long time ago to NOT buy frozen food here. By the time you get through a register, load it in the car and get home everything is thawed. I even tried to bring a cooler bag with ice packs. The problem is the store.Get it together!!
1	It sucks giving this location one star because I really do like Walmart. But lately this store has been like creeper central. I came here one night just for some shampoo and conditioner. It had to be about 10pm and I was alone, however, there were a lot of people in the parking lot. As I walk into the store, there are like 6 homeless people sleeping in that little front area near the shopping carts. Why aren't any employees monitoring this!? And after I get my shampoo, I'm in the self checkout and some ladies kid starts throwing up right next to my shopping cart. Way to go Walmart. I almost wanted to run back to my car but that would look suspicious with me running out of the store...I can't believe Tempe has come to this.
3	I normally wouldn't even think to review a Walmart store because historically I've DESPISED them!  But, recently, I discovered a Walmart - This Walmart - And have had a change of heart (so to speak).  I find this Walmart to be free from 'Walmartians' (or at least I haven't witnessed any while I've been in there) and the staff is actually helpful and pleasant....That's right, you read that correctly....Helpful and pleasant - They don't appear to DESPISE their jobs and lives as much as I use to despise Walmart as law.  Additionally, I find this store to be quite clean and well stocked with inventory, which is a bonus!  So there you have it.....A Walmart store within the State of Arizona which is acceptable and not a challenge to even think about entering into. Happy Shopping!
1	Getto FAB! Worst WalmartI have shopped here on many occasions. Most of the employees here are straight out ghetto with tats, body odor, foul smelling, fat, rude and unprofessional, with exception of only a few. Every time I come to this GhettoMart the products are never lined up with the proper prices, then when I get to the register it rings a different price. I have had to haggle with the managers about this many times at the register, because they had to products listed with the wrong price. I eventually got fed up, and said they need to start honoring the prices they have the product listed for. Their excuse is employees or customers may have placed them in the wrong spot, whatever the case may be, If a product is sitting square on the shelf centered and square above the price tag listed THEY NEED TO HONOR THE PRICE AS ADVERTISED PERIOD - NO EXCUSES! It is not the customers fault that the Walmart employee did not put the product in the proper place, or a customer did it, it doesn't matter, the price listed is what the product should sell for I blame management here, if they cannot properly train their employees to stock, and place items back under the correct price - IT IS THEIR FAULT, and NOT THE CUSTOMERS! BEWARE OF THIS WALMART AND THEIR "BAIT & SWITCH TATICS" AND FALSE ADVERTISING!CORPORATE WALMART SHOULD BE ASHAMED OF THIS STORE! AND SHOULD THOROUGHLY RETRAIN MGMT AND EMPLOYEES ON LEGITIMATE SALES, AND NOT BAIT AND SWITCH TATICS ON PRICE TAGS TO ENCOURAGE PEOPLE TO SPEND MORE!
1	Disgusting!  I mean, I get it, it's walmart.  They're gross in general.  But this one takes the cake.  ALWAYS, and I mean ALWAYS overstock on the floor.  ALL OVER THE STORE!  Horribly run store.  I drive the extra 3 miles to go to a different one.  And this store is walking distance from home.
4	I go here because the prices are the best around and it's close to home. I've found that the later you go the stranger the crowd gets!
5	I recently visited the optical department at this location with my daughters, each had prescriptions to fill from another eye place. I took them in separately due to school and time availability and I just have to write and commend Lori M.  She was wonderful in helping my oldest daughter find frames that fit her face, Lori showed her how changes could be made to make them more comfortable and then went above and beyond trying to help me deal with insurance issues. She did all this with a smile on her face, making me feel like she had all the time in the world to help us. It was a fantastic experience. I think that Lori is unique because later that same day I took my younger daughter in and got someone else (Lori was off by then). I cannot tell you the difference between the two representatives. Where Lori was wonderful and cheerful the other representative was  barely civil and we felt as though we were bothering her. It is a good thing that my younger daughter did not have as many needs in finding the right frames because I don't think we would have gotten the help we needed that afternoon. I say all this to say, if you go in, look for Lori M., she was fantastic. I know that I will seek her out and wait for her to help us with all our future eye ware needs.
1	Worst Walmart on the planet went to get a cell phone and the clerk was the rudest person i have ever had the the pleasure of doing business with.  I will never spend another damn cent in that store again,
1	Deleted
4	This Walmart is further from my house than another, but the other never has ANYTHING that I need. I come to this Walmart for everything. It is big, has a wide selection of clothes, electronics, and groceries as well.
4	I usually go here for my Wal-Mart needs. The one on Southern is a bit closer, but this Wal-Mart has more variety and just feel more at home with this place. I mean basically whatever I need this is my place to go to. Plenty of selections to choose from if you looking for produce, car accessories, bathroom supplies, basically anything. Also, for those who bank with Desert Schools, its a plus to have this at Wal-Mart. It seems as if they keep it clean. A downside would be the registers because I've seen it to where there is at least 15 people are in line, but only a couple of registers are open. Overall, this is my to go Wal-Mart.
4	This review is specifically for the jewelry department. I went there today to have my battery replaced for my watch. A woman by the name of Alex was working that area. I have to say that she is one of the most helpful sales associates that I've ever encountered. She had a smile on her face and you could tell that she enjoyed her job. She was quick, easy to work with, and we shared a few laughs. Its good to know that theres still exceptional customer service out there, despite the stigma attached to Wal-Mart.
1	If I could give zero stars I would. My boyfriend and I purchased a vacuum from there approximately two montha ago. We have used the vacuum a handful of times. Today, the vacuum literally sparked, smoked, and nearly caught the carpet on fire. I immediately called Walmart, spoke with Kathy, and she said it would be no problem that I did not have a receipt or box, it could be returned. I go to return it, get a new vacuum in exchange, and head to customer service. The lady at customer service was excellent. The real problem came when she needed to get her supervisor for approval. After calling him twice and waiting twenty minutes, he arrived! He told us we would be unable to return it, only exchange it for the same one. Umm, why would I want the same vacuum that nearly caught my floor on fire? We explained that we wete prepared to spend nearly $70 on a different vacuum, and he said no, I can't help you. Did not offer any apologies, any suggestions, any help. Just no. We asked to speak to another "manager" and after another 10 minutes she arrived. While playing with her phone and not even looking at us, she gave me the same response. No apologies. Just walked away. I am thoroughly disappointed and extremely angry. Kenneth and Amanda provided me with the worst customer service I have ever had. I've never written a review ever. But these two inexperienced, unapologetic, rude supervisors rubbed me the wrong way. Never again will I step foot in that store.
5	I feel like I just did "Extreme Couponing" but without coupons needed. I know you're eager to read on!! Where in America in 2014 can you go to the store and get a pair of kids shoes and a household item, all for a grand total of $2.61 with tax included? Wally Wal! I like this Wal-Mart because EVERYTHING is always in stock with the exception of black-eyed peas on New Years Eve.
1	Seriously sketchy. Last time I was here cops had three people handcuffed lying in their stomachs. There are never any open registers. The produce is disgusting. Half of the parking lot lights are out, and if the people outside are anything like the people inside, I'd rather not be in the dark with them.
1	Terrible, slow customer service. They even manage to make site to store an extremely unpleasant experience.
