3	Decent mexi-style food. The burritos or burrito bowls are probably your best bet. I've tried the Mexican pizzas a couple of times and they're impossible to eat pizza style....more like a soggy tostada. The meats are good and the salsa is fresh. Good thin chips. Clean dining are and Spartan but nice ambience. In my opinion Chipotle has the edge in taste but this is a nice alternative.
3	In general, I prefer Chipotle for a quick Tex-Mex burrito fix, but from time-to-time, I found myself at Salarita's instead.  This location generally offers fresh ingredients and friendly service.  This place is a-ok for a quick, casual meal.
2	As hard as it is to give Salsarita's a bad review My experience today just topped it.  First let me say that this bad review is for this location.  I have never had bad experiences at the other locations, but this isn't the first time I've had a bad experience here.  First, I arrived at 1:30 PM which I would think would be after the lunch crowd, but the line was almost out the door.  At first there were only three people working the line, but eventually it got to five.  Also, when I ordered the taco salad (the Thursday special) they were almost out of romaine lettuce.  If this was my first experience at Salsarita's I probably wouldn't come back.  I think I'll be done with this location, cannot wait until the Quail Corners location reopens.
5	Best fast food nachos... I enjoy the pork or their ground beef. They have a lot of salsa choices, black beans and refried beans... their queso beats out other comparable places like Qdoba (chipotle has chips but doesnt serve nachos, go figure). The staff is friendly and there usually it not a wait. Good value for the money.
4	I've been to this location several times with my employer and the rest of our office staff. It's usually pretty crowded but the employees do the best they can to make sure you are served quickly. Today we were there for Friday lunch and I had a slight problem with my food. I brought it to the attention of an individual cleaning (he may have been a manager, but I'm not sure and I did not catch his name). He was WONDERFUL! He took care of the problem immediately, my food was re-made, I was given a refund and a giftcard (without my asking at all as I did not expect this - I was fine with just having my food re-made). I wish I had seen his name tag so I could recommend that everyone go to this location and be served by this individual, but in the midst of my issue, I failed to see his name tag. In any case, it was a great experience given the situation and I will definitely not be afraid to go back. The food was particularly fresh today too!
4	This location is easy to forget about because it's tucked away in Cotswold behind the new Panara and in front of a Yoga studio. I've never been at this location while it's been busy and that's probably because of how tucked away it is and probably because I don't go over there during lunch breaks. While I can't rate the food here because I can't eat it, I can remark on the experiences my companions have had. Anyone I've gone with has always enjoyed their food and had decent service. On tonight's visit, we discovered that they have one of the Coke flavor machines where you can select from a ridiculous amount of Coke flavors. Our only complaint from tonight was that there was water dripping from the ceiling, possibly from the exposed duct work. At any time, four people would be splattered by falling water drops. If you enjoy Salsarita's this appears to be a decent location.
5	Fresh ingrediants, good quality, good value and fast,  friendly service. Is it the most authentic? No, for that go elsewhere. But if you want fast, good quality, Mexican flavors then this is your spot. Ben, who I assume is a manager or supervisor, was fantastic to deal with!
5	Ate here 6/1/14 at 5:00pm. Second time here and the staff have been very nice both times. Chop salad is good and the outdoor seating is great.
5	Salsarita's is by far my favorite of the "fast food, prepare it in front of you Mexican chains" (Chipotle, Qdoba, Moes, Taco Bell (if that one even counts)).  The Cotswold location is the closet to me so that's where I'll go if I get a hankering for their amazing chips and some tacos. The food is always good and consistent.  I like the soft tacos (one chicken, one pork) and I love that they give free guacamole (lookin at you, Chipotle...).  The service is always pleasant and friendly.  I've had their catering at church events and it is on par with their fresh preparation.  Also, the new vinaigrette they have is INCREDIBLE!  I can't remember the title of it, but some sort of honey lime or something?? It's so good and adds so much to the tacos. Overall, I would pick Salsarita's over any of those other chains any day.
2	This was my first time here. I typically love Mexican, but I was disappointed. The food was mediocre, but at least it was filling. Next time, I'm sticking to the always reliable Chipotle. Cheaper and tastier.The staff was very friendly, but the vibe I got from other customers was cold and unwelcoming. I'm sure others may have a better experience here, but it's not for me.
