3	I dined here the first weekend after Aria opened to the public. The space is beautiful, as you'd expect from a restaurant in the Light Group - a tasteful blend of chrome, leather, and wood. Even the Nambe flatware is striking. Just like at Fix, the restaurant opens to the casino, but you never feel like you're IN the casino. For a restaurant that seats (I'm guessing) 300 people, they had a ton of staff running around (we counted at least 30 people on the floor). The food alone would earn the restaurant 4.5 stars -- losing that half star for terrible value (about $10 for individual-sized sides, $5 for a drop of sauce!!!). The only thing on the table that we didn't like was the gratin potato side -- potatoes were undercooked, cheese on top was overcooked, and the dish was decadent to the point that it wasn't enjoyable. That said, the union salad was fresh and unique, the beef carpaccio was a savory treat, and steaks were melt-in-your-mouth delicious. The bone-in rib-eye was one of the best steaks I've had and was enough to feed two (not-starving) people -- but at $58 it should. The surf and turf looked spectacular, and could feed 3 lighter eaters rather than the recommended two, but again, for $159, you SHOULD have a giant mass of food. Service in general was genuinely helpful and pleasant, but it was the pacing of the meal that was the problem. It took over 45 minutes from the time we ordered to receive our appetizers, and then another half hour from the time our salad plates were cleared to the time we received our entrees. At that point, not all entrees came out at the same time, not all our sides came out, and the runners had no clue where anything belonged. I don't care that we were a party of 9, for an upscale restaurant charging that kind of money, I expect service to be not so discombobulated, whether you've been open for 3 days or 3 years. So, would I come back? YES -- if you just work out the little service kinks, this will be a fine restaurant. I'm just going to wait a few months before I give Union another try. Side-note: Management SIGNIFICANTLY compensated us for our experience, which we greatly appreciated, but as a Yelper, my good reviews can't be bought!
5	I am giving Union a 5 plus stars!! This is a great restaurant! Be expected to pinch out a nice silver dollar or two, but you will get what you paid for. The Place: The decor of this place is surely high-end!! Dark rich woods with silver accents. The Nambe silverware is nice touch. The leather place mats brings the whole table together. Since it is from the Light Group, it does present itself with a very high-end lounge feel to it. They were not cheap in decorating this place. The Service: The service was unnatural at times. The hostess did try to have a conversation with us but it seemed more force. In fact, a lot of the personnel did too. I rather have them try to be "great service" then blow us off. We can spend our money elsewhere. In Vegas, there are far too many choices. We were catered by 5 people. 1 head server (who was excellent - he was from DC and appeared to have a lot of high-end serving experience), then another server and like three assistance. We never once needed to ask for anything. This is the type of service you expect from an average entree price of 50.00 The Food and Drinks: We had a few martinis - 14.00. I had the Samba Smash - awesome, but the fresh fruit mud made it impossible to drink from a cocktail straw. We also had the "Calm before the Storm" it was awesome too. We shared the Hamachi Wontons ( Yellow Tail Crunch) - the serving was small, 5 little pieces deep fried with a pepper to top off. For the main dishes - The Jennifer had the Sea Bass which was soft flaky and cooked perfectly. I am on a Red Meat binge lately so I opted for the Organic Chicken. It was unique, not dry, with a unique hint of sea salt. We shared a side of Brussels Sprouts - generous portions. Dessert - we skipped dessert at the Union and headed over to Jean Phillipe. Drinks - 14.00 Sides - 9.00 Entrees - 40.00 - 50.00 avg (unless you want lobster) Dessert - 12.00 Overall. I will go back for sure. From the previous review, they must have worked out a lot of the opening kinks because our food prep time and serving time was perfect. In fact, they even staged out silverware for us after each plating. Cons: Seriously - 5.00 for sauce for your 50.00 steak??? Really?? If you like FIX at Bellagio or STACK at the Mirage, you will like the Union
2	I don't know what was going on with Vegas this week.  Maybe it was a city wide experiment to see what would happen if the famed hospitality of Las Vegas ended.  We were forced to wait an hour, with a reservation.  Once a cocktail table actually opened we ordered a drink (which should have been comped but was not), which we had ample time to finish and still wait.  We were then all but kicked out of the cocktail table for not ordering another drink while we were still waiting for our table to open up.  I understand that things happen, you cannot gauge exactly when a table will empty out, but when you are expecting about 100 bucks out of every person you seat, at the very least grab them a well drink or a soda if you are forcing them to wait an hour, and bring a loaf of bread by.  We were there for a convention,  and had been on our feet for 12 hours that day.  If you are incredibly patient and don't mind horrible service, the food is absolutely worth the price.   I wish there was a space for additional comments on "takes reservations"  at the bottom.
2	We were NOT impressed with Union.  The portions were incredibly small (i.e. we ordered the butternut squash tortellini - $24, it came out with 8 pieces of tortellini) and the service was terrible.  I thought it was ironic that our server greeted us with, "Hi, my name is Mike? and I'll be taking care of you tonight".  Our food came out before our drinks did.  We saw him walk by our table numerous times, never stopping to ask how our food was or if we needed anything.  The bussers and food runners were the only people coming & going from our table and they were not very friendly, either.  We actually spent a good portion of our dinner discussing how bad the service really was, sadly.  It was almost laughable.  The only reason I didn't give 1 star is because the food wasn't completely awful.  I've been to many other fabulous restaurants in Vegas and there are many more I'd like to try.  I will not be going back to Union.
5	OMG!  I am so impressed with this place, from service to the food, to the atmopshere....I couldn't get enough!  The Union Salad (shrimp, bacon, green beans, tomatoes - no lettuce, with a vinegerette dressing) was out of this world.  The Oysters were to die for.  The drinks were terrific.  (I had this cherry cordial drink that was yummy).  The service was impeccable.  The servers were on top of everything.  And the atmosphere?  Amazing!
2	Service:  TONS of staff walking around but service was pretty inconsistent.  It took about 2 hour to eat for 7 of us on a Saturday night.  (There was also this creepy guy eating by himself who kept staring at us blatantly.  It was quite uncomfortable.)Ambiance:  Very dark and lounge-y, however, it was open to the casino floor which made it VERY noisy.  I don't recommend the place for a romantic dinner as you can barely hear the person sitting across from you.  For the price point, I was expecting something more secluded and intimate.Food:  The porterhouse for two was very large and tasty - great cuts of meat prepared delightfully.  I recommend the ultimate surf and turf, we wished we got this - it could have fed four people pretty well.  Calamari wasn't anything to write home about.  The tomato soup is expensive for $16 but I heard it was worth it.  Skip the mac and cheese - I've had better.Overall: the tab was around $700 for 7 of us with drinks and one bottle of wine, half the table did not order apps and there were no desserts.  I think there are MUCH better restaurants out there in Vegas.  I really didn't like how noisy and open it was.
1	Long time Yelp faithful, but never been too tempted to write my own review until going to Union. We went with a group of 25 or so, thus we had to prepay for our dinner in advance.  Like a previous review mentioned, it was beyond clear that since the tip was already included and the meal paid for, our waiter and the staff there couldn't have cared less or been less attentive than they were.  It took 45 minutes and asking 5 times to get bread.  We literally asked our waiter 4 times for bread and he kept saying it was on it's way, before we finally asked the busboy who brought some out within 30 seconds. People who ordered non-alcoholic drinks just simply didn't get theirs served to them until asking 2 more times.... and when the sodas were halfway empty, they would come and replace them, not telling you they were charging you $4 a glass for diet coke.  We had also told them that we needed to be out of there to make a reservation within 2.5 hours, thinking that it was almost unnecessary to bring up, but once again Union failed, making us spend over 3 hours in the restaurant to serve 3 courses (desert came as we had had enough and were leaving).  The food itself was pretty tasty, but not nearly worth the price.  Ceaser Salad, Sea Bass, and Fillet were had around the table and most enjoyed.  I'm usually the type of eater who skips over the reviews that focus on service, but the experience at Union has me reconsiderring that stance.  To cap off the experience, one member of our group (who sent his steak back to be cooked longer as he had ordered) got food poisoning.  He spent about 8 hours throwing up from the meal, and it's safe to say his trip was completely ruined.  The management blamed the food poisoning elsewhere, but it was clearly not the case.There are hundeds of great restaurants in Vegas, so i highly recommend every one of them over Union.
5	This place was kind of amazing. It looks really chill, but the food was sooo good. I don't think I ate anything I didn't like...My friend took me to dinner here as we stayed at the Aria hotel..We ordered the following:-spicy yellowtail crunch-side of creamed spinach-side of mushrooms-organic chicken-chilean sea bassThe spicy yellow tail crunch was amazing. So good and melted in your mouth. The spinach and mushrooms were also really good sides and went well with everything. I didn't try the sea bass, but the organic chicken actually came with 2 sides (i think veggies and mashed potatoes) and the chicken was so good and fresh and it was a really large portion for fine dining. Not even going to lie haha.  I definitely for sure would come back and eat here.
1	Terrible restaurant $230 for crappy service and undercooked food nets you the lowest rating I can give. DO NOT VISIT THIS RESTURANT. Two major complaints the service and the food, truly a bad combination for a restaurant. Waited an hour for our food just to have basically uncooked $50 steak served to us. Wait an hour and no bread was offered even thou front and center proudly placed on the plate mat was a butter knife. We were never served a item that required a butter knife and after reading the reviews we realized they do actually server bread. We each ordered medium cooked steaks when it arrived uncooked we brought it to the waiter attention and he informed us that what we had was medium. We explain we all ordered medium and one out four received a true medium cooked steak, the waiters response fine I will have it cooked some more of course with attitude. Stay away.
1	Very very disappointing. The concierge, Pia, recommended this restaurant so gave it a try. Their hostess mixed our reservation up, gave our table away, and the manager said WE caused the confusion, so had to wait 30 minutes. He later admitted their mistake and apologized.Our table ordered the chef tasting menu...big mistake. Total time in restaurant was more than three hours for a table of 3! And we were only served 3 of 5 courses! At the end, the manager said he would buy us a drink for our troubles...unbelievable. Total cost was $300... Definitely not even close to worth it. Steer clear of Union at Aria.
3	This restaurant is a heartbreaker.  It's got great food and their menu is just good enough to justify the really long wait times between courses -- especially if you are the party ordering a table tasting.  It's also really expensive -- $85 per person per table balances out the gigantic 4+ person final course of excellently cooked Porterhouse (the best I've ever had in Vegas) and lobster (which was done great too).  The Pros:  The food's delicious and the chefs obviously know what they're doing.  The tasting menu is amusing and tasty.   The style of the place is very nice, as is Aria in general.  People-watching is fun to do while you wait.The Cons:   And you will wait.  The service is very slow, even balanced against any tasting menu's normal savor-speed. You'll be sitting there between the amuse-bouche and starter tapping your fingers on the table, wanting more! The music in the place is blaring loudly and it's just Top 40 tunes at 30 decibels more than it needs to be.  It makes talking normally impossible.   The place is deceptively expensive.  It could be so much better if they killed the rock blare and sped up the service.  The food is great, but you can find it a good steak-and-lobster place anywhere on the Strip.   All in all, a middling experience.
3	I could sum this up as "wowmeh." It's nice. It's very nice. Aria exudes elegance and Union fits right into that vibe. Tuck your shirt in before walking up to the hostess stand. The flair is there, the vibe is there... it just feels like something is missing. Good steak? Check. Good seafood? Check. But what does Union have that other places don't? This, I could not determine. Although a fair answer to that question is "two waiters for your table." Not a single bit of waiting for me, no sir. Water was coming out left and right, raw dover sole came out to be inspected, only to be returned minutes later in perfectly cooked form. Plates, silverware (nifty Nambe ware), in, out, clean, done. Union will wow you. Union will make you go "meh." Let's hope they step up some aspect to lean more towards "wow."(Rant, not included as part of the review): The hostess I made reservations with said she could comp a round of drinks for me. Never got those drinks. Let's try that again.
3	Not a bad place, I will agree that the staff is not the best ever. I had a good steak with the the hollandaise sauce cooked perfect. It is a tad over trendy if that makes sence. All in all not a bad place but no where near 5 stars.
3	Look in Vegas there are tons of great restaurants.  I wouldn't say this place is great and it is overpriced.  However, the steaks are quite good.  The service is a bit inconsistent but again not terrible.  Aria is a beautiful hotel with tons to do an this place is worth a stop but just go to bar and have a few cocktails with the 2 cool cute bartenders.  Those girls are your best bet.
3	Went on a Mon nite so the menu was limited and the place was dead. Good food but can't get on board with $20 drinks.
2	I would have given 1-1.5 stars had the manager not tried to make it up to me and my party for the bad service by comping a few dishes. Despite that, I would rather have paid full price and gotten excellent service. There are too many great restaurants in Las Vegas to choose from. My bad experience here has guaranteed that I will not be spending my money here again. It's a beautiful restaurant with low lighting and lots of dark wood. It reflects the design in Aria, which I love a LOT! Very chic and minimalist but very stylish. The food here was excellent. Very good tasting food. However, it took forever to come out and our mushroom sides, which probably takes the least amount of time to cook, came at the very end after we were finished with everything else. Doesn't make sense to me.Our waiter was nice but after he took our order, he seemed to have pulled a vanishing act. We didn't see him at all until we asked a busboy to find him for us. He was forgetful. I asked for straws 3x and he finally got me one. But I had asked for 4. He came back with 6 more. ???What annoyed us even more was that we were trying to enjoy our meals and the busboys removed our plates and dishes without asking first! We weren't even done with our food! Geeez just because we wanted to take our time to eat, savor the food and just chill, doesn't mean we're done. We were conversing and eating at the same time. We don't want to stuff our faces right away like a bunch of pigs. Just because we put our forks down doesn't mean we're done eating. My friend had to stop the busboy from taking her plate by pushing his hand away.So after they removed our dishes and utensils, another dish came out. They totally forgot to give us new utensils. How the hell were we supposed to eat our Bolognese with??? Our hands?! We had to hail someone down after waiting for a while just to ask for forks. Really? For a restaurant such as this, I really expected a lot more. The service wasn't even average. It just sucked. I give credit to where credit is due. This place doesn't make the cut for me. You're better off dining somewhere else. Try Julian Serrano or Beso. Much better.
1	Reservation was at 8:30pm, we did not get seated until 10pm (party of 11)Comp'd us with shots.We were told that we would be able to get into Haze for free once we paid for dinner (+$800)Once the manager took us to the front of the line: "Cover is $50".  Thanks Manager :(My porterhouse steak ($61) was pretty good though....
5	Went to Union with my wife and two other couples for dinner and found the Aria casino to be amazing - an aesthetic work of art!  Union restaurant was nothing short of spectacular itself.  The group tried just about as much as a group of six could, including the crab tacos, oysters, various salads, New Yorks, Filets, wine, cocktails, etc.  Everything we ordered was cooked/prepared to perfection and the berry bliss cocktail could quite possibly be the best tasting alcoholic drink on the planet.  It has taken that distinction from Mesa Grill's Peach Margarita.  Lastly, the service was out of this world.  We literally had as many as 6 to 7 different waiters and waitresses attending to our every need throughout dinner.Simply put - an amazing restaurant with a great vibe, amazing service and excellent food/drinks.  It's a must if you like fine dining Vegas style.
4	Incredible dining experience at Union last Saturday.  We dined on a three course menu and left incredibly full.  We had creamy mashed potatoes, veal sliders, King crab tacos, chilean sea bass with creamy risotto, filet mignon and pasta bolognese.  Everything was delicious. My favorite was the sea bass with risotto & filet mignon. The vibe was energetic and the view of the casino and people passing by made you feel elite.
3	VERY PRICEY.I went with a few friends for happy hour and got a kobe burger (huge! & really good!), fries, & beer (i substitued the beer for soda) for $19.The burger had a ginormous onion ring inside of it!  It was super juicy & delicious, but also super expensive!My friends got some cocktails & one of them had nutmeg around the glass.  That one was really good.It wasn't busy inside and it took quite a while for them to bring out our food, but at least it was fresh.I don't come to Vegas often & since it's expensive, I probably won't come back to get a bite to eat, but it was good nonetheless.
4	After reading the Yelp reviews I was pretty worried.   But had a pretty good experience for table of 8.  Really good service, solid cocktails, a menu with something for everyone.  The Crispy Duck is a must have, I'd even forego a steak for it, Asian style with mu shu panckaes & hoisin..good stuff.The steaks were solid, not the best in the world (or in town) like a Craftsteak, but did the job.  Side dishes sounded great but fell flat.  Hash browns with bacon were try and not super tasty.
2	People were not kidding about the SLOOOOW service here.  It wasn't even busy, but our food took forever to come out.  Two of us got the tasting menu, which came with A LOT of food, including a lobster tail and steak.  We had a few starters appetizers (beef carpacchio, two mini crab tacos, soup, and salad).  The lobster tail came with a delicious stuffing (Ritz crackers and some other herbs) and the steak was a porterhouse.    Another friend ordered a steak - I'm not quite sure why, but he didn't like the steak very much.  A fourth friend got the ahi tuna, which he liked, and ate off our plates since we had ample food.  I had the wine pairing w/ my tasting menu.  It came with four wines, but no dessert wine!  You'd think they'd include one for the $45 extra you pay for the wine pairing.  Definitely not worth the price.  We had also ordered two sides, mac & cheese and corn.  The corn was really good but the mac & cheese was a bit blah.  Dessert was several mini sweets, including a pumpkin cheesecake, two tiny churros, chocolate covered cake lollipop, and creme brulee.  Dessert was good for the most part, but not memorable.   I didn't see the bill, but I'm pretty sure it came out to be about $100 or more per person.  Thank goodness I was with gambling friends so the meal was comped!  However, free or not, don't go here unless you want to spend hours waiting on your food!
1	People were not kidding about the SLOOOOW service here.  It wasn't even busy, but our food took forever to come out and it came out wrong items. but we still ate it. foods were pretty bad
5	We have been to the Union 4 times since it has opened. Our trip to Vegas wouldn't complete without eating dinner there. Sheena the bartender crafts wonderful coctails for us every time we come there. She is the best!  I ate the Tomahawk Ribeye. Quite a large steak, but such flavor.  Our daughter loves the rack of lamb. Best she has ever had and she has lamb everywhere she can get it.  Our friend ordered the peitie filet mignon and was very happy.  My wife had the crab cake appetizer - soooo good and enough for 2-3 people.  We love the dessert sampler to end our meal whether we are full or not. A little something for everyone. It is pricey, but it is our big splurge meal for each trip. Bon Apetit!
5	everytime I'm in here with a group of friends for some reason there's always more of us than we expect, and they always accomodate us without hassle. try the dry ice martini is very vegas. the food and srinks  greeeeat ! yummmmmm love this place !
3	If this place had decent service I would rate it 5 stars. The food is amazing but the service so bad that you almost want to leave before finishing dinner!
1	Went into the lounge for a couple of cocktails with a friend.  Upon exiting down a two step flight of stairs, my drink was instantly swiped from my hand by the bartender and my friends' by the hostess to be poured into plastic cups.  Really!?Upon asking would you have done this to Paris Hilton? the response by the little blonde hostess was "Oh yes! Absolutely!"  ... Yeah right!  Only place in Vegas that simply cannot part with their glassware.  Aria has an amazing energy & integrity, absolute understated elegance, however, the servers at Union are pretentious and don't belong in this hotel at all!!!
3	decent steak, green beans were very good and the peppercorn sauce for the steak was also good.  Overall it was a good dinner, just not great and not justifiable for the prices.
4	Stopped by for happy hour at the bar on a Saturday evening. Generously poured Skyy with one juice or soda for $5. There is also a small menu of bar bites...I had the tomato soup ($&) and it was delicious. Our bartender was very attentive and she poured a mean drink. I had a Skyy passion fruit with cranberry juice and also indulged in one of their $20 specialty cocktails, the Raspberry Sin which is basically a raspberry lemon drop poured over a big tuft of pink cotton candy. It was beautifully crafted and quite yummy. Not sure it was really worth $20. Overall we enjoyed our time at the bar and would return.
5	Awesome appetizers and happy hour! Best place we ate at!
1	My review is based on service only...not food...since we didn't get to try any...despite the restaurant being nearly empty at 6:00 pm on a Wednesday evening and the bar area being completely packed, we were not allowed to dine in the restaurant since we only wanted appetizers and cocktails...we were told that since we were not having a complete dinner, we would have to sit at the bar...no problem...but...helloooo..it was packed... Whose to say whether several appetizers constitute a complete meal or not...the hostess was extremely young and inexperienced...whatever happened to the good ole Vegas days when customer service was in the forefront....I wonder...
1	Myself and three of my friends went here this past week.  I would not recommend Union to anyone.  The food was decent but service was HORRIBLE!  You would have thought we were eating at McDonald's since we didn't see our server most of the night.  Being a local, there are much better fine dining restaurants to go to on the strip where you will get great service!!  Here are just a few of my complaints:1-Not seeing our server for over an hour and her telling us that the restaurant is understaffed and a table of 16 in her section caused her to be slammed is an UNACCEPTABLE excuse for poor service.2-Placing your entree order and it taking over an hour to come out without a server or management coming over to let you know the hold up is not acceptable.3-To me, fine dining means that my water glass never goes empty and I shouldn't have to flag down a server to tell you I need more water.
1	I decided to take my family and my parents friends (who were visiting from out of the country) to try Union's Happy Hour specials. The food itself was alright, and somewhat reasonably priced ($10 for small plates and $25 for kobe burger sliders and beer). What brings Union down in my opinion is their terrible, condescending service. We walked by the restaurant and immediately noticed that no one was sitting in the dining room. I started to wonder whether Union was even open (we had checked out American Fish, which was our first choice earlier but it was closed). Luckily (or unluckily), it was open so we approached the podium. I motioned that we would need a table for 7, to which she asked, "did we have reservations?" ok... there is no one in your restaurant and you're asking if we have reservations? I said no. She then asks, are you a guest of the hotel? I then reply, no. She then asks "may I ask where you are staying?" Granted we were not dressed in suites and ties, but we weren't exactly in PJs. I told her we were staying at the Cosmopolitan (which we were - might have stayed at Aria if they didn't charge a heinous resort fee) and she finally said, wait here, while we get a table ready for you. Why does she need to know where we were staying? What if I said Motel 6 or Circus Circus? Would they turn us away? We then are finally seated in the dining room. It was my mistake, I didnt know that the happy hour was for the lounge only. Our waiter was very nice and moved us over to the lounge area (which was pretty much empty too). This is when we got our new waitress who was extremely rude and condescending.  She approached us (didnt even introduce herself) and asked "what do you want to order." She would check back occasionally asking "do you want more food?" When the check finally arrived... she said that a standard gratuity charge had been applied due to our large party. Later, when we reviewed the bill we realized they had ripped us off.. we only had a party of 7 and they put us down as a party of 8 so that we would get stuck with the standard 18% gratuity.  Steer clear of Union, unless you look like your oozing with money, then maybe u'll get decent service.
4	Great service. Good food. 'nuff said! Steaks are "cant miss" but bit too pricey for being on the casino floor. Dark. $20 dollar drink specials was about $12 too much.
4	I've been wanting to try UNION since it opened and with a gift card in hand I can say it was time well spent.In short order- it was expensive, without reason. Whereas other restaurants charge a lot for a great product and such, this place charges a lot because this is Vegas. To top it off It doesn't serve any particular cuisine and it doesn't even have a dish it does well. It just serves food. In the land of concept restaurants it's hard to rap your head around this place. You could call this a steakhouse, but it doesn't do that well, it just charges a lot for steaks, the cheapest one was $45 for a 7oz Filet and  the most expensive was...$98 for a 40 oz Ribeye for 2 ppl   *Sidenote* They bring out this drink menu and all of the drinks are $20. ALL OF THEM. Just order a regular drink if you're not in the mood for those 'hand-crafted' cocktails. They lost a star, mostly b/c the entrees were marginal. Nothing screamed "eat me" and the server was nice as a peach, but a little dim. Anyway, for the price of 2 entrees we got 4 items- Teryaki wings, Kobe sliders w/ fries, wedge salad and hash browns. The wings were spicy, the sliders were juicy, the wedge was NOT a wedge and the hash browns were a flavorful, although a little burnt. I was hungry and between drinking and talking I filled up pretty fast. It's amazing how dinner doesn't have to be 3 courses nowadays. UNION won't be the first on my list of places to recommend only because it doesn't stand out in any category: price, food, location, service, ambiance..., but it was a great experience.
2	Went to this place for business dinner. Was not impressed at all and i am glad its not my personal money, if it was i would have been really unhappy. I  had seabass - typically even in a cheaper restaurant, its mouthwatering, here was a bit dry.I tried some steak from my colleague - was not terrible but a bit dry and not so juicy as well. Remember this is a quite expensive place, most entrees are above $50. We had some deserts which was just terrible, some ice creams of pure sugar and no taste.Basically if the dishes here would be around $15-20, it may have been OK, but for such high prices, this place is just not meeting the bar in my opinion. I would avoid and not waste money.
5	After having changed our minds as to where we wanted to spend the evening (Burger Bar? Cosmo somewhere? Oooh, let's go to Aria!), Friday night found my friend and I bellied up to the bar in the lounge... and it was phenomenal. He had been here; I was the Union virgin.Waiting for another girlfriend to join us, we started our evening with drinks and dinner and a chat. Not yet too busy, but buzzing well enough at both the bar and tables, we experienced immediate, attentive service without delay.The decor was dark and intimate without being stifling or prohibitive to a casual evening. It got a bit loud at points, but it was the energy of the lounge crowd that created it and, because it was dynamic (read: it wasn't like the music was blasting too loud or anything), it seemed to fit the space.The important stuff: drinks! Orin Swift's Prisoner by the glass made me a happy girl. Additionally, Sheena (bartender) made for me the only dirty martini I have had in Vegas that I didn't need to have them "fix" in some way. It was absolutely perfect the first time. The  lemon drop shots were great (and a great ice breaker for new friends!).Food: I had the Caesar salad and a side of mushrooms (about $10-12 each, very generous portions). Flavorful, well executed, and beautiful. The mushrooms were deep and earthy with a great, fresh, bright bite from the wine and spices in which they were cooked. The romaine was crisp and the dressing was tangy and rich. My friend had the (large!) Kobe burger ($25ish), which he was kind enough to let me taste, and I found it to be fresh, juicy, and well seasoned.The Union was great for meeting up with friends and making new ones at the bar (you never know who you will meet through a foursquare checkin!). We were there for over three hours and we were always served quickly and efficiently, always with a smile, and always with a fantastic attention to detail. Whether it was our drinks, food, conversation, or a question, everyone was helpful, on point, and made us feel like we were the most important people in the room.The pricing, I found, was appropriate. Yes, it's a high-end resort property, that has something to do with it, but we also had great food, great drinks, and amazing service. I would (and will) do it all again in a heartbeat.
5	I visit Union every trip to Las Vegas as a bartender I befriended at Brand (in Monte Carlo) has been working at Union since they opened in Dec 2009. She's one of the best bartenders I've seen - ever - and a pretty good egg too!I'm partisan to the appetizers at Union. I've also enjoyed a steak dinner there and it was cooked perfectly, loads of flavor. It's not a cheap place to dine - but this is Las Vegas, and unlike years ago, nothing much is cheap anymore other than a shrimp cocktail at one of the downtown hotels! Check the bar out at Union - it's a great place for food, drinks and fun.
3	Food : 5Service: 3location: 1Decor: 2Total bill for 2 people with 1 alcohol beverage: $217An expensive fine dining restaurant located right next to casino at Aria. with the noise and smoking of casino, it was not really worth the price we paid, with only one alcohol beverage. we asked a more private seat, the best they could do was to put us as far from the casino as possible, which was still not very far! there weren't so many tables in the entire restaurant, and it was pretty empty on a holiday weekend night. Our server was friendly but not very attentive, I am a little too used to the over the top service at fancy restaurants in LA, West Hollywood and OC, it was kinda of unpleasant for me to have just an average service there. nice specialty cocktail menu, I tried cucumber martini, it was so yummy! $16. menu is not big, but what we ordered was very very delicious. the yellow tail crunch was amazing! sooo tasty! one of the best of the best I 'v ever had! Bf had 10 oz fillet Mignon, side order sauteed mushrooms, and steamed asparagus, I had 2 lbs Maine lobster. the food was absolutely 5 stars even plus! my lobster almost melted in my mouth the first few bites. I don't know how they made it so  mouth watering. unbelievable!we loved our food very very very much, it was fine dining standard, but the location , service and decor of the restaurant was not a fine dining experience. It was too loud to do a romantic dinner date. I wouldn't want to go back. :(
5	I first have to say that you must get the MAC and CHEESE on top of anything else if you are a fan of cheesy-deliciousness- goodness!!Ok, with that said, let's get to it...I have dined here on 2 separate occasions in this past year and each time the food has been A-M-A-Z-I-N-G!!For the first occasion, there was a big group- approx. a party of 16- and we had a set menu. When you call to make a reservation, which is highly recommended, they will work with you on giving you a group rate- not including tip and cost of beverages, of course. We had a choice of either their salmon, chicken or fillet Mignon as an entree, with all the sides (MAC and CHEESE included...YUM-O!!)  plus dessert. We were seated right away and the waiters did not hesitate to bring our salads out to us immediately. The presentation and quality of the food was great and the service was friendly and fast. Since it is a fine-dinning establishment in Vegas, nonetheless, you have to expect to pay $16 for a specialty cocktail. However, since we were there to splurge, splurge we did and those cocktails were worth every penny! The second time around I was there, it was only the 2 of us. We did have a reservation but were not seated right away. When we got to our table, we received our waters and bread and the waiter didn't get back to us for about 10 min to take our order. No bueno, waiter!!  However, he did apologize and our food was out very shortly after that. Tuna tarter just became one of my favorite starters there and couldn't resist to order the MAC and CHEESE again.. it tasted just as good, if not better, than the first time I had it. I'm not a big fan of the location and not 100% satisfied with the service for a small party, but would definitely return and definitely order the MAC and CHEESE again! AHHHH!!! Love their MAC and CHEESE!!!!
2	I was very disappointed, this place has an awesome vibe and decor but my overall experience was terrible. We had reservations for 4, we arrived about 15 minutes early, checked in and we still had to wait about 40 minutes from our reservation time, (arrived 7:45, 8:00 reservation, got seated about 8:40). The wait would not have been nearly so bad had the bar tender been a decent one. the bar area was not even that busy yet the bar tender was more interested in flirting with the wait staff than serving drinks to customers. Once we got seated it even went further down hill. Anoher long wait for our server to arrive, an even longer wait for the next round of drinks to be delivered. Waiter had an overall bad attitude, he made us almost feel guilty if we asked for anything. Drinks took 25 minutes and ended up being spilled on someone in my parties lap. We up and left and found another palce to dine that evening. I was tempted to give this place just 1 star but I am cautios about how I dole out my 1 star ratings. With all the other great dining in Vegas I will probaly not give Union another try.
4	The food here is DELICIOUS!!!! The customer service is Great! It's a little on the pricey side but definitely worth the meal.
4	Let me just say the food is SO MHMMM MHMMM GOOD!!! The decor is modern and plain; nothing fancy. The service was okay and not too attentive, but the food is delicious!!! The sea bass with the seafood risotto was literally OMG! LoL Every single bite I took of the sea bass made me yearning for the next. I couldn't stop eating it. I also like my meat cooked medium rare. I tried the filet and it was so soft and tender. The sliders were cooked perfectly too! Sliders are usually over-cooked, but not at this restaurant. I just could not stop eating at all. I love the crispy fries with the cute little jar of ketchup too! Everything was superb. I would definitely come back here again. =)
2	I have never been so disappointed in my life!  I have been waiting FOREVER to go back to Union in Vegas....just for the Union Salad alone!  But I also loved the ambiance and service that I felt they offered in a stellar way.Well, to my dismay, I may just never go back after what I experienced.  My mom and I were sitting in the bar/lounge area waiting to be served.  My mom was the first to notice that are server had a bit of an attitude...which I didn't really noticed until it took over a half hour to have her come back so we could ask WHERE THE FOOD WAS!!!  She asked how everything was, and I asked her where my oysters, salad and my mom's food was.  Yes we didn't order a bunch of expensive items, but we should be treated with respect!12/27/11 - Ok so I waited awhile to complete this review.  I was so friggin' angry when I started to right this.  I am still angry and I won't be back.  The end of the story was that our server never came back and we had to get two managers to get our food.  And it isn't like we wanted to have anything comped....but this is Vegas and this is also a high end restaurant.  The managers didn't even come back to check on us after we got served.  The server ended up coming back in the end to just hand us our check.  No apology...nothing.  Highly disappointed.  (And I am not high maintenance...I just am a big believer in customer service)
2	While on a trip to Vegas to experience some great food and good atmosphere, Union was a huge disappointment.After trying a different (and amazingly wonderful) restaurant in Aria the night before, we opted to give Union a shot since they had a seemingly good prix fixe menu for $49. I ordered the Roasted Tomato Soup, the Organic Chicken and the 7 Layer Chocolate Cake for dessert; my partner opted for the King Crab and Jalapeno Taco, the Chilean Sea Bass and the Apple Pie for dessert. We also chose to add the wine pairing for $20 as well.When you go to a show, you don't expect it to peak in the first act - and that's what happened at Union. The appetizers were by far the best aspect of the whole experience, but given that it was tomato soup and tacos, it's not hard to screw those things up. For the entree round, my chicken was a tad overcooked and borderline rubbery. The garlic spinach that came with it was great, as was the tablespoon of parsnip puree that accompanied it. The sea bass was equally rubbery and overcooked, and a delicious sounding risotto that came with the sea bass was slightly undercooked and on the starchy side. The desserts were just OK - nothing special. My cake was on the dry side, but the apple pie was not bad. I have to echo what others have said about the service. It's abysmal. The guy serving water was the hardest working person on the crew. After we ordered, we barely saw our waiter. It was a revolving door of people coming by (which is not unusual), but our waiter rarely checked on us. He dropped our wine off in the same manner as a delivery person dropping off a package. I was surprised that a wine pairing didn't come with dessert, especially after seeing other places in Aria (and other resorts) offering a pairing with each course. Had we known that, we probably would have ordered a bottle instead, but the waiter didn't take the time to explain that. We found out after our dessert was delivered.While we were there, we noticed two groups get seated and subsequently leave without being served. There was plenty of staff, so I'm not sure what the problem was. They all seemed in a constant state of chaos. The atmosphere is not bad. If you want something quiet and peaceful, this is probably not the place, since it overlooks a big bank of slot machines that constantly sing. Overall, I would definitely not recommend this to anyone going to Vegas for a culinary treat. There are plenty of better options within Aria, and there are several other places nearby to get a much better steak (if that's what you're looking for). Save your money (and your time) and treat yourself somewhere else.
2	I was disappointed with the menu as it was very generic. When the food came it tasted fine but just nothing memorable. I do have to give them credit as they served a large group but they added on appetizers without asking in hopes that we wouldn't notice.
1	Bartenders are clueless and has no sense of customer service!I ordered a manhattan and the bartender basically made a bourbon martini...just poured bourbon with a splash of vermouth. It tasted like acid! When I asked  about the bitters being missing she just shrugged, said they don't have that and walked away before I could say a word...like this wasn't at all what I ordered. Really???And my friend's drink was similarly botched. Avoid!
