5	Some people like Pottery Barn I LOVE Crate and Barrel. As much as I love Target they don't always cut it in the cooking section. If you need some crazy and fun cooking gadgets Crate and Barrel probably has what you are looking for plus a million other things you never knew you wanted. Besides an awesome kitchen section Crate and Barrel also has home decor, furniture, and bedding. One day when I am ready to say I DO I am getting registered here! And I'm going crazy with the scanner!My only question is why do they call it Crate and Barrel?
1	I don't get all the fuss over this store. To me it's looks and feels like an over priced IKEA!It's just boring and way too contemporary for my taste. I think I could live forever without ever needing to go back in there.
5	OH BOY this place is F-U-N!Fun for someone who likes shopping for home stuff, and that someone is ME!  They have pretty good sales too.  One great item that I have not see any other place are the glass drinking jars that have lids so these glasses turn into great "tupperware" without the carcinogens being released when placed in the microwave.  They are great for single serve chili and soups.The staff is usually very helpful and friendly at C & B too, willing to help you look for something specific and they sure do have specifics.  Especially in the kitchen wares department. We registered here for our wedding and were very happy with our decision.  After your wedding, they send you a 10% off completion of your gift registry coupon.  This is great for all the gift cards you'll receive.  And apparently they send you another one on your year anniversary.A good place to buy furniture after your Target/Ikea days are over.
4	Sure - I've been into C&B plenty of times... I've bought gifts for people at C&B, I've used gift cards from people at C&B, and I've even bought my own bedding and furniture from C&B in the past.  But today, I am even more impressed with C&B...You see, today, I attended "The Wedding Party" event at C&B.  What is "The Wedding Party" event, you ask? According to the postcard I pulled out of a bridal magazine a few weeks ago, "The Wedding Party" events at C&B are a completely fun, stress-free way for you and your partner to get all of your questions answered, and get a stunning free gift as well.  C&B puts these events on several Sundays a year... and they do them before hours, so they can attend to the needs of the couples that are there.  It got me in there... unfortunately, I can't say the same for my fiance, who just has no interest in registering.  Thank goodness my mother-in-law-to-be went with me instead.  We walked in and were given a lesson on the "gun" and off we went.  Along the way, we stopped plenty of the friendly salespeople with detailed questions about the merchandise.  They were also doing demonstrations and tasting of coffee, fondue, cutlery, etc... and serving mimosas; now that made registering much more fun!We still have to go to another store or two, I'm told, but we found plenty of great kitchenware and houseware at C&B to get us started.  And even if we don't end up with anything we registered for, we had fun in the process!Thanks C&B for having us today, and for the heart shaped serving piece gift as well.****There are still events like this on February 22 and March 1, so if you're needing to register, go check it out.  RSVP at the C&B near you!
4	Ooooo, pretty glasses.  And look at those plates.  Check out those really neat, ah, cool, um.... I think we need them - what are they?  If you are a Martha  Stewart wanna-be, the kitchen section has it all - and things even I haven't seen  (nay used).Have to say, I never go upstairs - gave up that after several sticker shocks with the furniture - BUT I like all the nifty little things for the home.  Cuz we all need to replace those mugs, plates, wine glasses, vases - after the relatives need and there's a path of destruction left behind because they overstocked the cupboard and slammed the door on the china plates or dropped the martini glass (after 1, 2 or 3 too many) or attempted to place the wine glasses in the upside down wine glass holder - I am not sure WHY they can't figure out HOW easily they slide in.  I am prepared this time: I removed all my Reidel, and re-stocked my holders with target glasses.  Of course, now none will get broken since I did that.  But when the next smash and crash occurs, here is where I may come back to.
4	Great stuff inside, but pricey for my taste.
4	It has been so long since I have been to Crate & Barrel and I have no idea why I stayed away for so long. I was up at Kierland and saw the store and decided to pop in and check it out. I am so glad that I did. I was checking out the dog supplies and Howie got a new water and food bowl and a new toy and id tag and I got a key chain too:) OK there were other purchases made but when I was looking at the dog stuff I needed some help and it was so amazing how helpful everyone was. The girl who was helping me went to get me a basket and chatted for a few too, like it was no hassle. Then at check out it was so pleasant. When I got home it was so nice to see everything wrapped so nicely. Thanks for taking the time and effort!!!
4	Furniture and kitchen gadgets that will make your friends jealous.  If you are getting married and don't register here, SHAME ON YOU!Some things can get pricey but the quality is always there at this store.  With kitchen stuff, just like furniture, you get what you pay for.  This holds true here.
4	This Crate & Barrel is one of their two level versions, with a large display of furniture upstairs. It also is a nice compliment to the Pottery Barn across in Scottsdale Quarter. Since I work nearby, we're always stopping here to browse after a Starbucks run. The staff is incredibly nice and very helpful. They will go out of their way to order, or call another store to find any out of stock item for you.Then of course is their world class wrapping.  I know this might seem trivial compared with the high end retailers found in Kierland, but it is especially true for Crate & Barrel. Nothing has ever broken in a bag they pack, no matter how fragile.  A very nice shopping experience. Enjoy!
4	Sometimes I get the name confused and call this place Cracker Barrel. Fortunately, my husband always knows I am referring to the store and not the restaurant. With that in mind, I had never actually been inside a Crate and Barrel until recently and only knew they had (expensive) home accessories and furniture. Let's just say I was in shock and awe when my husband and I first walked in. I didn't know what to look at first. Luckily, my survivor skills kicked in and I wandered off to ooh and aah at the kitchen knives - I mean kitchen accessories. They had all their summer wares out for the season and some were very enticing. I totally wanted some new dishes and maybe an outdoor patio set. As my husband gently led me away, we wandered upstairs where the real goods were. Oh Crate & Barrel, why are you so expensive?! At this point I was wishing I could blow my life savings on some of the bed frames and dresser sets. Somehow I restrained myself and only purchased a butter dish. (What? We needed one at home.) I will definitely be back to check out their kitchen accessories again, as they had some really nifty items. As for the furniture sets, I'll have to hold off until I'm a real fancy lady.
4	A nicely stocked Crate and Barrel with friendly employees. I never have a problem finding something tempting to buy here, whether it's furniture, kitchen supplies, or dining wares.
