4	People are pretty helpful at Home Depots which I definitely appreciate since the place is big and has a lot of "foreign" objects (to me at least). Staff see you walking around and they come up and ask you if you need help which most places do not do anymore....and I noticed Loews doesn't do that. They didn't have wallpaper which I was looking for, but the lady helping us told us about a wallpaper company we should call up. I really appreciate when people try to give you tips like that. It's just like any other Home Depot really, at least, to me I can't tell the difference but I'm sure some have better stock of nuts and bolts that I don't know about than others. Anyways, ask questions, they don't bite here.
4	This is the closest Home Depot to my house, so I come here frequently to pick up stuff for projects.  Since it's the time of year to reseed the backyard, I stopped by yesterday to pick up some grass seed & fertilizer.  I can thank our two numb-nut dogs for this project......they piss all over the grass and the Labradoodle dig holes in the yard all year long, so guess who gets the assignment for the reseed?  40 lb bag of Grass Seed......check.8 bags of Fertilizer......check.Thank God the other dog is a Long Haired Chihuahua, otherwise I'd be replacing the entire yard twice a year instead of just patching it up.  Gotta hand it to The Better Half and her selection of dogs.There's not much to say about this Home Depot......it's a standard store.  The employees are pretty friendly and knowledgeable.  It's not as busy as the others in town.   There are self-checkouts.  The Garden area is large and carries everything I needed for this project.  Meets all of my requirements.I was in/out in 10 minutes yesterday, so it was a great visit.Will I return?  Of course.
4	Stopped by to purchase some replacement balasts for two fluorescent light fixtures.  I only needed one of the balasts and had to return the other.  The return process went smooth, no major issues.  I was in/out in 5 minutes with a full cash refund.Side Note/Tip:  While I was waiting to return my merchandise, I overheard the guy in front of me.....he was trying to return a yard blower that broke after 9 months of use.  The cashier at the register told him that products have a 3 month limit on exchanges in situations like that.  That's good to know....90 day return policy at Home Depot.
4	I live at this damn store..its is by far the best location I have been to here in the valley.Every department has always been very helpful especially the returns/exchange people as I spend alot of time there lol. All in all a great place with very friendly and helpful staff..much better prices than Lowes also IMO
3	I like going to Lowe's because it's brighter, cleaner, and more varieties. But my uncle has given me a lot of gift cards for HD because he lives really close to them. So I shop here to use up my gift cards. Also when Lowe's don't have it then I'll come to HD. Or when I need to go to Sam's club then I'll come here too since it's on the way. But HD is still an nice place to shop. They have some thing that Lowe's don't have. Like the compress joints for the pipes etc.
4	Lowe's can't hold a candle, or a light, or lumber, or step ladders to Home Depot in any category. Unfortunately Lowe's is much closer to me for basic needs but after going to Home Depot and being treated like a king I won't be going back to Lowe's again.After walking to the lighting department I was almost instantly helped but a knowledgable associate who helped me get a great price on some lighting and recommended some energy saving bulbs. He then directed me to what I needed next where I was instantly helped by another smiling associate. This type of service and attention to customers is what will keep me coming back for years.
4	I prefer Lowes but Home Depot is much closer to my house. This store has so many items that will make your home upgraded and nice. You can spend hours here and I have.
4	I frequent this Home Depot location and here are my thoughts.  As with any big box retailer, it is tough at times to get someone to help with a question and while this Home Depot location is no different, any employee whom I have interacted with has been excellent.  The store is stocked properly most of the time and getting out of there in terms of dealing with checking out is a cinch.  This location is absolutely one of the better Home Depot stores I've been in and will continue to use it as my main home improvement center.
1	The new Military Discount policy just cost Home Depot $6,000 worth of my business.  Just found out the new Military discount maxes out at $500.  Guess what Home Depot?  Lowe's still honors it's Military with a 10% discount regardless of the purchase price.  We took our carpet order to them and will do all future shopping with them.  SHAME ON YOU!!   At least Lowe's thanks us. I added this to Facebook, Yelp and any other social media I can.
3	Home Depot has been a hit or miss when it comes to items that would help to improve my house. I mainly go to these home improvement stores to find plants and the occasional tool. The selection of houseplants goes either way. To a certain extent; their indoor plants are nicer than the competitors, but their selection of succulents tend to be disappointing. Although I tend to like their plants, most of them were vibrant with some form of malformed issue. It could be damage to a singular stock or a dead extension. If it was a portion that could be pruned then it would not be so worrisome, but most of the issues were big enough to notice without being detrimental to the plant. It is odd.
1	The service I received at the 7881 W. Tropical lv,nv 89149 was horrific. My husband and I came in to purchase some turf. There was an odd price different between the 12ft and the 6ft. When we inquired Gilma about the price she rolled her eyes and told us it was because one is 12ft, the other is 6ft. My husband and I understood the difference in size but did not understand why the larger one seemed to be cheaper. She continued to repeat herself instead of explaining the the 12ft is sold by sq ft and the 6ft is just sold by the foot. She was extremely rude throughout the entire service. When we asked for a manager, she informed Jamal, the only helpful associate in your store, that we just need to fill out the survey on the bottom of the receipt. Apparently Sophia, a "manager" doesn't have time and doesn't care about the actions of her employees. When she came over I told her it was fine, she was obviously too busy to listen to a customer. She repeated herself and told me to fill out the survey. It's no wonder why more and more people chose Lowe's over Home Depot. On the card the associate gave me it said, "the customer comes first. Friendly fast service." Gilma and Sophia do not work to this standard. It's unbelievable that you would have a manager that cares so little about her employees' performance.
3	I live about 20 mins driving from  the Centennial store in Las Vegas which is closest to me. For the first time in thirtyfive years, I am not a homeowner and am renting. My shopping here is limited to things like cleaning supplies and other stuff a renter might need. With that said, I am finding what I need and mostly finding the people working there to be helpful. There could be more of them, however as I often have to wander around trying to find someone to ask for directions or get some advice. Lots of parking and easy curb pickup which is nice. Yesterday afternoon (Tue 3/4/14, the checkout lady at the self checkout helped me, without my having to ask, by scanning all my items right in the basket and organizing them. Outside, when I pulled up to the curb, there was an employee who came right up to the back of my SUV and was waiting to put everything inside. That was a real big help too.     BTW, despite renting and having only about 4 sq ft. to plant anything, I ended up with four vegetable plants and a couple bags of stuff to plant them in. Another customer resting in a garden chair, groaned when he saw me! LOL!  Maybe it would be better to relax and enjoy the desert instead of trying to bring the old homestead here with me.
1	You only get 1 star because I have to give it. You have a HUGE sign above the doors saying you support the troops, yet you pick and choose the items you give military discounts on. If I didn't have a gift card for your store I would have never shopped there. Thank you for reminding me why I shop at Lowes. They at least don't contradict themselves.
1	Terrible service! We have given this Home Depot several chances and they just don't seem to care about their customers. No matter the department, there is usually a snotty employee ready to be put out by a customer needing assistance. I actually talked my husband into going there today to save a little money because we were planning on spending a lot today. He was hesitant but gave in...never again! The woman behind the paint counter was having fun and laughing with her coworkers behind the counter but was snide, short and flat out rude to the very busy paint counter customers and it truly wasn't just me she was rude to. Questions were answered by the woman working there with a short yes or no and not offered any additional information then I observed her giving dirty looks to three different women customers (unless she just naturally just looks angry which is possible). The men working the counter were friendlier (with the youngest being the nicest of all three) but she made the experience so terrible it overshadowed any shred of kindness the men showed. I tried finding a manager with no avail. When I broke down to ask the self checkout cashier the name of the woman working behind the paint counter (because I couldn't find anyone else between paint and lumber to help without interrupting them talking with another employee), she said, "there are a lot of women that work the paint department." Thanks, super helpful since there were three people in that entire department and one was a woman. It would have been so difficult to take three steps to the left and look or even call a manager, or the paint department, or maybe ask if there was something she could help with??? Paying a few cents more is so worth getting better service at Lowes.
1	I ordered some blinds and had them cusom cut but they were cut to short due to the guy making a mistake.  So I wanted to return them they said they wouldn't return the blinds.  I asked for a manager and eventually returned my blinds.  I wanted them to cut me some new ones and they wouldn't cut the size I wanted again. Once again I asked for the manager and he told me no one in the store knows how to use the machine.  It was a complete waste of time. And extremely dissapointing. iM GOING TO LOWES NEXT TIME.
