4	The location can be deceiving,  inside believe it or not the Circus Circus Casino. While the casino may be low end  this place is really an excellent steak house. I've been here twice and the quality has always been high. It's a traditional atmosphere, dark with booths lining the walls. ... a darker more upscale Izzy's?  I find it a more relaxing and friendlier place than Smith & wellinskys on the strip. You walk in past the glass walled fridge /meat locker where I guess they age the steaks. There is a small cozy bar off to the side to wait for your reservation. The prices and portions are reasonable. The steaks are properly cooked to order. Some of our group whined that the steaks weren't  marinated or drowned in sauce. I find that a blessing. I like some sauces, (Izzy's medallions au poivre) but many places ruin the meat with it. It's well worth the trip off the Strip.
5	The best steak house I have ever been to.  Intimate setting, friendly staff, amazing food.  Had the porterhouse steak and my girlfriend had the New York strip.  Both tasty.  Salad, Bread, Baked potato and Steak all included in the price.  Excellent value.  Will go back for sure! My mouth is watering right now :-)Update 03/31/07.Went back again on Saturday night.  Went early to check on our reservations and lo and behold, they didnt have us marked down.  A little frustrating but the manager(sorry I cant remember his name) said to come in at 7 and they would see what they could do.  Got there at 7 and were seated immediately.  Excellent service by our waiter Felix.  Amazing food and amazing service once again.  I just want to thank the manager of the place for doing a great job and for excellent service by Felix.  This is the type of service that will keep me coming back every single time I am in Vegas!  Thank you to the entire crew at The Steakhouse!
5	Wow, like anyone and everyone should/would/could agree...who would think that such a great steakhouse would be in Circus Circus of all places.  Yes like sleepy t. wrote, don't let the location deceive you...this is definitely a 5 star steak house right up there with the top of all Prime steakhouses yet it is in Circus Circus.  This works to your adv. and disadv. Adv - It's kind've like that secret gold mine no one knows about, not full of really annoying people, and much easier to get reservations and better prices. DIsadv - Hard to convince a group to come there and/or tell people about the place without getting weird looks.   But if you've been to the circus circus steakhouse..you'll know straight up it's no joke. The 21 day aged PRIME steak is delicious, and priced very fair. In fact a bargain compared to places like SW steakhouse at the Wynn. When it comes to PRIME steak not many places differ, they all grill to perfection, and add salt and pepper. Really the only way they differ is...atmosphere, price, service, wine list, and sides.  The atmosphere at The Steakhouse is very comfortable, elegant and ritzy (unlike the family-oriented casino), the price is top-notch for a PRIME steak house (but of course not dirt cheap by any means), the service was great, and the sides...well they weren't the best i've had, but they had all the basics down to accompany a steak properly. ANd lastly the Wine List what of an appropriate size and price to accompany great PRIME steaks as well.  I am sad to hear that Circus Circus may be torn down in the future, I mean there needs to be some aspect of family left in Vegas. But mostly because the hidden jewel that is THE STEAKHOUSE at circus circus would go down with  it. In regards to overall value for what you get regarding Steakhouse in Vegas...you can't beat the Steakhouse at Circus Circus...otherwise you're just another goon..who believes the only way to get a good steak is paying $100 for a 12 ounce steak...and in that case you're not a real meat eater and do not deserve to eat PRIME.~G
4	Fantastic steak house, what it's doing in Circus Circus beats the crap out of me. My only complaint about this place is the more than creepy photos of cows that surround you as you eat their children... their delicious, perfectly prepared, juicy children. Bring your evil, this steakhouse is old school carnivore heaven.
5	WTF!!! this is in Circus Circus? Looks like Frank and the rat pack left something behind.. This place is simply amazing. The best steaks, the best atmosphere, and the greatest service. Try it, you will fall in love.  Just be sure to step over the little peple when going!
5	All the way around FABULOUS, we went I was a bit on the hesitant side being at the CIRCUS CIRCUS, only it was amazing, my Hubby and I shared the onion soup, to die for, I had the petite fillet and my husband had prime rib, it was so good, priced very well and service was amazing, we loved it!
5	I agree with the other reviewers.  You never expect such a great steakhouse inside of Circus Circus.  For the service and quality you get, the price here is a bargain compared to SW at Wynn or Prime at Bellagio.  It's an old-fashioned steakhouse with the wood colors, private booths, and pictures of cows staring at you.  The steaks are aged (30 days I believe) and served in a huge piece with veggies, etc.  Plus, the atmosphere isn't stuffy here and you'll never feel pressured to order Evian or a $500 bottle of wine here.
5	The hotel is a dump, but this place is great.  Plenty of good wine to choose from, and great food.  The atmosphere is kind of dark, but nice.  I had the fillet, and wish I was eating another one right now.
5	the steak house at circus circushidden behind the slot carousel 2nd levelbest steak best baked potatobest drinksbest servicegreat value for you moneyeat the t bone.dark red leather open grill you can feel the heat as you are seated. i know circus circus fine dinning!!!!you will go back  every time you go to lv.i have to mention the service is the best.....lower in price than down the strip but better qualityand did mention the service. PSSmaller and a great place to take people.Your in Las Vegas you Might Get Lucky
3	I heard about this restaurant through a friend, and saw many ads along the Las Vegas I-15 freeway that rated it as one of the top steakhouses for the last 20 years or so. Knowing this, I assumed that this place would be really good. My boyfriend and I love to eat steak, and were excited about going here. First of all, it is not a place for couples to go. It had a very "old" ambiance to it, red leather booths, dark wood panels, pictures of cows, etc. There were no "couple" seatings, but mostly tables and booths made for 4 people. When I glanced at the menu, I was surprised to find out that a side of vegetables, salad, or soup were included with the steak, in addition to rice pilaf, garlic mashed potatoes (that was the best I've tasted in a while), or a baked potato. I ordered the Porterhouse and my boyfriend ordered the Rib-eye. Each steak was priced at about $44-47.We were first brought a basket of different types of bread that were delicious. After we ate almost all the bread, we were brought our salads. Then the steaks came....I ordered mine Medium rare....but to my surprise, it was almost rare in many parts of the steak...the steaks were practically burnt on the top and bottom....and there was no special taste from the meat in general. The steak tasted like a slab of meat that you can just buy at any store and cooked on a home grill! I was very disappointed. If anything, the best thing I had there to eat was the garlic mashed potatoes. Despite the lack of taste of the steaks, the service was superb! I heard that the filet mignon was the best thing on the menu. This is also offered on their Sunday Champagne brunch at 930, 1130, 130 (Reservations recommended). The cost is about $35 for it, and offers many other buffet style entrees. The filet mignon is priced at about $55 or so, so the buffet price doesn't even touch that. Next time, I would probably just go for the buffet.
4	Here's it's all about the meat. Service, ambiance and side dishes are just okay, not great -- although the black bean soup was excellent...and I don't even like beans! But anyway...who cares about those little things, when the steak is SO, SO GOOD?? My humongous New York strip was delicious -- crispily charred on the outside, pleasantly chewy on the inside. My BF's filet was silken beefiness! Melted in our mouths!You'll probably spend about $20 less per person than you would at higher-end steakhouse, and get the same high-quality caliber of meat. So try this place out the next time you're in Vegas. It's the one gamble that's sure to pay off!
4	Just 4 stars in my book.  The prices are fair... not great.  (Prime Rib $47, Petite Filet $37)  The service was OK... they were fast with water but other than that... not much conversation or smiles but nothing to complain about.Our Petite Filet was so overcooked that we could taste was burnt meat.  The Prime Rib was so huge... then again for $47 dollars... you probably expect it to fill you up.  A lot of fat on the prime rib but also plenty of meat too.  Just takes a bit of work to cut around the unwanted parts.It's good... but not THAT good. Ruth Chris Steakhouse is better in my opinion. Good for a steakhouse inside the world's most disgusting hotel/casino in the world.  Seriously... why have a kid's hotel inside Vegas?  That's a whole another story there...
3	Maybe if I ordered something different, I'd give this place 4 or 4.5 stars. Not 5 because I still think Ruth's Chris is better. Details of our experience is on K.C's review below. I don't like charbroiled steak. I just don't like the taste of anything burnt. My petite filet was dry and I ordered it medium. If I ordered it medium rare it might have been better -who knows. The prime rib with their au jous was pretty good. I enjoyed his prime rib more than my food! I did really like the salad and baked potato though. Would I come here again? Hmmm probably not because I'd like to try the other steak houses in Vegas. But if I wanted a good prime rib, I'd think about coming here again.
2	Steak is not hard to be amazing. When I eat steak out I need to have my socks blown off. After this meal my socks were still solidly on my feet.  I ordered the steak and lobster.  The steak was fine but as I said not amazing.  Now lobster is even more important.  Lobster is pricey, and I understand and accept that.  It's expensive because every bite you take is like an orgasm in your mouth, or should be.  The lobster here was overcooked and on the chewy side.  In retrospect I should have sent it back, but I have a rule. Never, send food back.  Life's too short... and I know too many people in the food industry.
2	I'm not sure why this place got such high ratings but what i experienced was not even close to 4 stars.  I ordered the rib eye which looked good when it came out but had almost no taste.  Having eaten steak the whole week before in death valley i was expecting this steak to be the best of the lot.  I was incorrect.  Everyone in my party was asking for the salt shaker to add some taste to the meat.  A few shakes was not enough. I think they forgot to add any salt.  My side of a bake potato was good...but it is hard to get that wrong.
4	This place blows my mind everytime I come to eat here. Not just because of the fine food... but of its location. There are a few places I really enjoy eating at where the location is less than attractive. If anyone's ever been to San Francisco and wants the absolute hands down best local Vietnamese food ever, Tu Lans is the place to be. The problem? Well its on 6th and Market which is probably one of the worst streets in San Francisco. Now back to The Steak House. Whats wrong with the location? Well... Its smack dab in the middle of the Circus Circus Hotel Casino. Not a place one would picture a steak house thats been voted "Best of Las Vegas" 18 years in a row. The minute I roll up to the Circus Circus, I immediately feel over dressed... Not that jeans, dress shoes, button down shirt would be over dressed anyone else in Vegas... After fighting off what seems like 1000 kids from the parking lot to restaurant, the whole atmosphere changes once you're in The Steak House. This place is like the other top notch steak houses. Classy. Definitely classy. We get seated and immediately feel like we're a million miles away from the Circus Circus. The waiter suggests the Rib Eye and who I am to argue with a professional. We also order the Prime Rib which could easily feed 3-4 asian girls. The meal starts with the standard fare, a variety of breads and a house salad (or the soup of the day). And at the exact moment that the aged meat arrives cooked to perfection, all our previous gripes about the location, getting here from the parking lot, and fighting off all the little kids seem to dissipate. Now I know why this place keeps getting voted "Best of Las Vegas" from the locals.
4	Been here 3 times and absolutely loved it.  Has that classic dark wood feel, with the grill in the middle of the restaurant open to the diners to see.  The meat is all aged and is delicious.  It is amazing that this incredible place is located in Circus Circus, the low-rent strip property that feels like a low-end downtown property.  But once you step into the restaurant, you're transformed.  Doesn't have the flash of Craftsteak (or the price) but you won't be disappointed.
5	The best Steak on the Strip everything considered.Sides included and great service.
3	Had high hopes in this place after reading the many raving reviews about this place. I have to admit, was a bit skeptical when I heard it was at Circus Circus, but hey, I'm game and it's won best steakhouse for 2 decades. Two decades. That's quite some time, yeah?Word of advice. Don't get all dolled up when you go to this place as you will feel very awkward. I was all decked out in a mini black dress and high heels because we were going to head over to Prive afterwards. Wished that I had on flip flops and some casual attire. So out of place. With that aside, I ordered the rib eye {bone in} with baked potato, house salad with ranch dressing and the cheesecake + banana foster for dessert. Later on why I ordered two desserts. The bread basket was good. It was filled with an assortment of breads and they were warm! Hence, the added star. Seriously. Salad was eh. Thought some of the lettuce was a bit wilted. Nothing really to talk about. The steak felt charred and there was really no taste whatsoever. It wasn't even that tender, either. The cheesecake tasted as though it's been in the refrigerator for AGES. However, the banana foster quickly made up for it as it was muy deliciso. I highly recommend this dessert!  I was secretly hoping that this place was going to win me over and take the place of Ruthchris's or Morton's. Sadly, it didn't and it was a huge disappointment. The prices are really reasonable {for a steakhouse}. My rib eye was $44 and it included a salad, and a baked potato. No a la carte menu here. Probably wouldn't want to return here, unfortunately. Although, if you are a big prime rib eater, my eating companions  say that they prime rib tasted much better than the steak.
5	Come one, even kroq said it was the best steakhouse in vegas.Ok get the Prime Rib. It is amazing and delicious AND BIG (that's what she said). ANYWAYS *chuckles* it is very good prime rib. You should always order prime rib when they have it because prime rib is one of the parts from the moo moo that has tons of flavor!The waiters are very nice to you and the water you get is from a fancy bottle!give it a try when you are around. Don't be afraid on blowing money on meat, you are in Vegas anyways.
3	Here's a question for you: where is the WORST steakhouse in Vegas?  Every damn steakhouse in this beautiful city claims to be "the best in Las Vegas."  Yep, Pipefitters and Drain Uncloggers Union Local 133 proclaimed, and Retired Shop Teachers Society of Pahrump, NV agreed, that So-and-So Steakhouse is the "Best in Las Vegas."  Think for yourself and know your sources.Well, it was Friday night in Vegas and we found ourselves hungry and reservation-less.  All dressed up and nowhere to go, if you will.  I took the elevator to the main level and walked from the bright light of the casino to the pleasant darkness of The Steakhouse.  I basically talked the hostess into seating us at 7:45, which was less than an hour from that point.The ambiance was that of a traditional steakhouse.  Quiet and dark, the restaurant looked like a classy, old-school, old-money parody of itself.  The Steakhouse has it all: dark leather booths, cow paintings, giant slabs of beef . . .The prices here are pretty reasonable: $44 buys you a salad, a decent size steak with some vegetables and a potato side of your choosing.  Places like Morton's charge you about $50 for the steak itself, with the rest served a la carte.  However, comparing The Steakhouse to Morton's is like comparing the fence in your back yard to the Great Wall of China: both are made of bricks and both protect you from intruders, but only one is worth traveling thousands of miles to see it .My New York strip from The Steakhouse tasted very bland.  While perfectly prepared, the meat simply lacked flavor.  It was a cheap USDA prime New York strip which could have been purchased at a local Safeway and cooked at home.  You can season the meat and charbroil it to death, but you just can't add flavor to it.  I guess you get what you pay for.  However, in the city of $7.99 prime rib dinners, The Steakhouse should really think about distancing itself from the competition.A word about our waiter, if you don't mind.  Richard, who was pretty nice to the three of us in the beginning, was a bit confused about his target audience.  For the first few minutes, he was being extremely professional and helpful.  Shortly thereafter, he somehow mistook me and my two female dinner companions for 3 douchebags.  He went from "Sir, will you be having wine this evening?" to "Dude, look at this steak!  Thick, juicy, full of fat - beautiful!" and from "Would you care for a shrimp cocktail?" to "Man, that stuff [horseradish] is HOT.  Owww!" in less than 15 minutes.  We all looked at each other in disbelief.  There was a time when I could pass for a college freshman recovering from a tough fraternity pledge week, but not now.  I treat you with respect, and I expect you to do the same.  If I wanted to be your friend, I'd bring a case of Pabst Blue Ribbon and some pork rinds to your double-wide, OK?Overall, an OK place for dinner if you find yourself on the North end of the Strip.  It's definitely NOT one of the best steakhouses in Vegas, but at least it's not outrageously pricey.  Meh.
2	How can this be rated the best Steak House in Vegas!!!?It doesn't take much to impress me (see other reviews) but there is nothing special about this Steak House. I ordered the filet mignon and it was not impressive at all. I mean it tasted like dry tender meat with no flavor and not worth the price....I give it an additional star because the service is top notch...
3	For me, the Circus Circus Steakhouse is the "9:30" place.  No matter what time I call on a Friday, the earliest reservation for two is...9:30!  Once, I called about 3:30 in the afternoon and it was...no, it was 10:30!!! This place can be that busy on weekends. I do recommend reservations whe npossible.  Well, we went during the week last week when a friend was in town and we actually we able get get a quick seating.The interior; it is classic Steakhouse and has nothing of the gloriously cheesy circus atmosphere that exists just outside the doors.  I love how it looks-oh, and the cow paintings as you enter the restaurant on either side of the hall are great!!The service;our waiter was great.  no problems there.The steak; I shared a porterhouse medium rare and my friend had the strip.  I gotta say, I have been here before and the steaks were good.  Today, it was cooked as i ordered, but was just ok.  I choose the place and was too embarrassed by my steak that I didn't ask my friend how is strip was.  Would I go back? yes, eventually.  But only after i hit the Golden Steer nearby a few times-I rarely had a mediocre steak there!
5	'Never judge a book by its cover' that statement has been so true and it was confirmed when I came here. Never in my wildest dreams would I imagine circus circus to have a top notch steak house. We were privileged and graciously invited to go to dinner with the same group along with vendors/customers from the World Builders Convention. Its been years since Ive been to Circus Circus and nothing has really changed structurally... However, step into The Steak House restaurant and its like stepping into a different time zone and let alone you forget that your at a hotel. Everything is structured with wood, nice bar, and the place is quite dim... sort of the 1960's look that you catch from the movies.Appetizers:Crab legs - according to my companions it was very good.Shrimp cocktail - Amazing, I believe its tiger shrimp cause those baby's where big.Dinner:Ordered the New York Strip and it was cook to perfection. Very tasty and juicy. Complimented with the Mash Potatoes and Asparaguas (winning combination). Everything was prepared excellently.You're served with a array of bread, each looking very good! the one's i did try was absolutely delicious.Dessert:I can honestly say close your eyes and just pick one. All the dessert dishes are delicious.This restaurant exceeded my expectations.
1	Fuck this place.How's that for the start of a review?  I'm not sure that I've ever had worse food at a restaurant, let alone one with such grand acclaims and high prices.  Some reviewers say the decor is elegant, but it looks like the inside of an Irish bar to me.  I believe that because of its location in Circus Circus there is an illusion of classiness created by juxtaposition.On the night that a friend and I went almost every item we ordered was awful.  They were out of sauteed mushrooms, so we opted for crab legs and grilled shrimp.  The shrimp were ok, but the crab legs were horrible.  Too briny and salty, we couldn't even finish them, and the friend I was with is a fat bastard.  The waiter ended up not charging us for those because he could tell our meal wasn't starting out well.Next we got our side salads, which were fine, but they weren't anything special.  Besides, we were there for steak.  My friend got the porterhouse and I got a ribeye.  Mine was edible, whereas I had one bite of my friend's and could not have imagined eating much more than the single bite.Having learned our lesson, we didn't opt for dessert.  I do recall getting decent service, but it doesn't matter when the meal is utterly unenjoyable.The bottom line: this is probably a great steakhouse much of the time, but when we were there it sucked ass big-time, and you shouldn't risk that, let alone have to pay for it.
5	Last night my mom and I went to celebrate our birthdays at The Steak House at Circus Circus. Now, I have read the mixed reviews. Either you with love it, or you will say, "Meh." Personally, we had a great time and an excellent meal there. It is the "diamond in the rough" steakhouse of Las Vegas. It was not perfect, but it was as close to it as you can get. If you can get past the kitschy atmosphere of Circus, then you will be in for a very pleasant surprise. When you step into The Steak House, you will feel like you have stepped back in time to the "good ol' days" of Vegas when The Rat Pack and the mob ran it. Soft standard music plays in the background. There is low lighting, lots of wood, and pictures of cows and other scenic images on the walls. There is a meat locker you can look in at the foyer of the restaurant where you can see the meat curing. There is a station in the middle of the restaurant where you can see the chefs prepare your meal. Very interesting!I was surprised that they had bottled water to drink instead of the usual "Lake Mead Cocktail" water that is served in restaurants on the Strip, which was a big plus for me. The bread was nice and soft and the butter was rich and yummy. It is always a temptation for me to fill up on too much bread before the main course, but I was able to save some room for my entree and dessert. I only wish I had ordered Australian lobster tails, but the market price was $75.00! Holy crap! For SW Steakhouse or some place more high end I could understand, but at Circus? No way.I ended up ordering the petite filet mignon and my mom had top sirloin. We each had a salad before the meal and it was fresh, very tasty. I'm not a big fan of salad, but I ate most of it. Then we had our steaks. Mine was juicy and tender, and the right portion size that I was able to finish most of it. My mom was not able to finish all of hers, but her only complaint was she should have ordered it medium well, like mine, instead of well done because it was not as tender as it should have been, but still good. So my advice is to get your steak cooked medium well, or under if you like it rarer, unless you like your steak almost burnt.The tiramisu for dessert that we split was excellent. Good service all around by everyone. I am definitely a fan and I would come back here.  It was packed with people, so it is a popular place. I recommend you make reservations. We were able to get a table with no problems. Overall we paid $100 plus tip for both of us, which I think for a steakhouse on the Strip is reasonable. I'm sure we would have paid more at a steakhouse at a newer property. Highly recommended.
3	First of all, let's clarify the rumors....Not all the MEAT is aged 21 days, only the Prime Rib is aged in the glass aging room.  The rest is pre-aged and pre-packaged, if you are close enough to the grill, you can watch them cut it open.  The meat is USDA Choice, not Prime cuts.  Those who know, will know the difference.  I ordered the bone in Ribeye medium rare, which was a bit more rare, bloody than normal. The texture was a bit tough and tasteless, just a chunk o meat.  They could at least sprinkle some salt or seasoning on it.  For $44, it was disappointing...I've had $6.99 steak specials that were just as good (bad)?  same? The black bean soup?  Pass... I'v made better bean soup myself.  The server saw that I barely touched it and asked how it was and if I wanted something else instead, like a salad.  So I tried the Ceasar salad which was good.  The garlic mashed potatoes were gritty, like cream o wheat, weird taste to it.  The creamy horseradish was different, but good.  It had chives n paprika? sprinkled on top....Also rumored was some kind of special coffee service, NOPE.... just cream n sugar....Service was good, as to be expected, so they came through there.....Either the local review journal got greased for the reviews, or the locals just don't know steak... ha ha get it?
4	Dear The Steakhouse,Stepping foot into The Steakhouse is like taking a step back into time. The stark contrast between the casino and the restaurant is as night and day.The restaurant is like its steak, aged and vintage. You are greeted by a display case of their aged cuts of meat, that will either A) Make carnivorous folk drool in anticipation or B) Make you wonder why are you staring at old aged raw meat and totally turns you off... I am the former so I was already ready to dig into a nice porterhouse.I got a nice juicy, flavorful cut, and the service was great. Price is a bit steep, but you pay that much for a decent cut. My only complaint is it's location... This steak place is the only reason I'd want to go to the Circus Circus, and that more often then not is not enough reason for me to go there compared to all these other great casinos and restaurants.-Ed
3	I had a new york steak here.. it was good but not the best NY I've ever had. My boyfriend raved about this place as he's been here many times. Him gnawing on a prime rib was probably one of the best moments I've got on camera.My favourite part was the hanging beef through the window.. or shall I say 'drying' beef.
4	They have won the Las Vegas top steakhouse award for 20 years in a row, so going in we had big expectations, we were not disappointed. You walk and pass their ageing room with all of the meat hanging, awaiting their time. We started with the Jumbo Shrimp and Oysters appetizers, stay away from these. They taste, or lack there of, frozen. The steaks however, petite filet and NY Strip, were cooked a perfect medium rare. Full of bloody flavor, and the mashed potatoes werent too bad either. We ended the night with the raspberry chocolate cake which wasnt all that great. Nights like these I feel good not being a vegetarian. The dress code is very loose. As you walk in it says resort casual, no tanktops. I saw 3 diners in tanktops. I guess you cant turn business away during tough times
4	It's become tradition for me to take my assistant out to dinner on the last day of the POOL tradeshow in Las Vegas. Well, I feed and house him the entire time, but dammit, the last day is the day for a GOOD STEAK DINNER. In February we had gone to Morton's, and while it was good, the service and martini were better than the steak. He had mentioned in February that Circus Circus is alleged to have the best steakhouse in Vegas, which I dismissed at least 5 separate times as total hooey. How could that be? We didn't make it during that trip. So this time, being in the mood for something a little more mellow and perhaps a bit silly, I suggested Circus Circus for our end-of-show dinner. i didn't change out of my grungy breaking-down-the-booth-packing-the-fixtures clothing at all, and off we went. The Steak House is a class act. My helper friend took a look at the dark wood entrance and stepped to the side to tuck in his shirt and spit-shine his hair. We didn't have reservations as recommended, but they were able to seat us right away. As soon as you walk in you're face to face with their curing room, an awe-inspiring enclosure with entire sides of meat just dry-aging away. Gorrrgeous! The decor in general is pretty great- dark, lots of wood and taxidermy, and just what you might expect of a steakhouse in a murder mystery. Service was attentive and not smothering, but a little on the clueless side. He didn't know where the oysters came from, and since my friend the microbiologist recommended that I never eat oysters from the Gulf (apparently they're more likely to carry a particular strain of flesh-eating bacteria than our good old West Coast oysters) we passed. Also, when I asked him to please explain the differences between the cuts (I know what a Porterhouse and filet mignon are, but the difference between a New York strip and a regular ole strip?) he instead launched into a spiel that went like this:"Well, for the ladies [he looked pointedly at me] I recommend the filet mignon. It's a tender cut that's low in fat. We also have a petit filet if you don't want too much. And for the gentlemen [eyes over to my companion] we recommend the New York strip. It's a flavorful cut that's very popular with the gentlemen."Thanks, sir. Thank you for being SO TOTALLY WRONG about how to explain cuts of steak. Annnnnyway, the New York strip sounded great to me so that's what I ordered. And apparently the filet mignon sounded great to my companion, so that's what he ordered. Well, at first he ordered the petit filet, but I reminded him that he has a wooden leg and would not be satisfied with the lighter lady's meal. My steak was EXCELLENT. Rare, flavorful, perfect. The martini was pretty stellar as well. My companion's steak was initially a disappointment to him because it wasn't as flavorful as mine (and this is at the heart of why I only like filet mignon at home when you get to marinate it to your exact specifications. It's a tender bitch, but not as flavorful since it doesn't have the same fat content. FAT IS FLAVOR.) but he grew to kind of love it. And, I have to say, it was miles ahead of the Morton's filet mignon because it was delicously dry-aged. Companion thought it was a little gamey, but I thought it was kind of excellent. All the other little details about the dinner were excellent as well, right down to their bread and butter. How great is that? After dinner we went to the big top and watched 15 minutes of harrowing aerial acrobatics. Helps with digestion.
5	First of all, the location of this restaurant has NOTHING to do with the overall quality of this restaurant. I will not let my review to be influenced by the 2 star rating of the Circus Circus hotel. I have to say, this is one of the best restaurants on the strip. I give 5 star to its service, menu selection, meat quality, price, and restaurant decor & layout. With a little bit of great steaks I've had over the years, I think I know a good piece of steak when I eat one!  When I order medium rare, it is medium rare with blood (yum!), we ordered all the great cuts of beef from prime rib to filet mignon.  All of the dishes were cooked to perfection!  I went with all guys and they are all your typical carnivores.  This is definitely the place to go if you are looking for a fair priced quality steak house in Vegas.
2	I just don't understand why this place is like a landmark in LV. The location is not the issue although it is kind of strange being in the Circus Circus. It kind of makes it an adventure getting there. The service was very good and they sat us without a reservation on a Saturday night. I am not sure if that was a sign of what was to come though. The interior decor was like a hunting club with stuffed Pheasants and Dear heads mounted on the wall. I tried ordering the Rib eye and they were out. Seriously?? A steak house out of rib eye.. OK.. So then I ordered the Porterhouse, Medium. Got it close to well. My Friend ordered the same, Medium rare. Got it more like ALIVE. The steak itself was nothing I would brag about. Tasted like cooked meat. I don't think I would recommend this place to anyone who wants good steak and/or atmosphere in LV. Try somewhere else. There are many other places in town with better food.
5	BY FAR THE BEST! Don't be fooled by it's location. The Steakhouse knows how cook and serve a great steak. The cuts are huge and they're delicious. We've gone twice and both times have been blown away by the shear size, taste and value of our orders. We've ordered the prime rib and the many steaks they have on the menu. One great thing about this place, is that the meat is prepared in the middle of the restaurant. All can see the chef and his assistants cooking on the grill. The service is exceptional and the atmosphere couldn't be better. Definitely make it a priority to stop by this place when you visit Vegas, we always do.
4	The Steakhouse at Circus Circus is a very solid choice for a nice competently prepared and served steak dinner, especially if you want an old school experience.    The food was reasonably priced and quite good.  While everything is ala carte at many steakhouses, soup or salad, and one side is included in the price of the entree here.   The New York cut I ordered was a nice piece of meat and was cooked a perfect medium rare on the rare side.The wait staff we encountered were all seasoned pros who knew how to be attentive without going overboard.   In other words, the service is very good without being too fussy.  Places like this are a dying breed in Vegas, so go there while it's still there.
2	Yes, compared to the rest of the hellhole that is Circus Circus this is a rather upscale and classey establishment!  Of course, compared to the rest of the hotel your neighborhood Applebee's is a rather upscale and classey place...But on to the restaurant itself - interior is dark wood, kind of with a British hunt club feel. You know, classic steakhouse? The food - well, ehh.  The steaks themselves were good cuts and cooked as ordered but, and I jest not, no flavor whatsoever.  I had to put salt and pepper on my ribeye.  That's really not acceptable at a high end steakhouse.   Also, the house Cab  ( I just had a glass as the person with was not a wine drinker) was rather cheap tasting. Basically a glass of Two Buck Chuck for about $8 or something like that.On the plus side it's not as expensive as most of the town's other higher end steakhouses - the steaks do come with a side dish -  however, this really isn't a top notch steakhouse.  It's more or less middle of the road. For that it's sort of pricey.I understand that this place was, for a number of years, (note the past tense) voted one of the best steakhouses in Vegas.  Sorry my friend, thise days are long gone.
5	Simply put.... What a really good steakhouse should be like!  What I dont get is the location.  Circus Circus is like the Dollar Store when compared to other casinos on the strip yet you have a Nordie type restaurant  inside.  Oh wait... its Vegas... moving on!Steaks started in the mid $20 range, but were HUGE... seriously, maybe 20+ ounces.  Very relaxing and inviting atmosphere and we were in no hurry to get out of there.  This was my birthday dinner and an excellent one it was.  Simply too much food, but excellent .. along with awesome company and a drink from the bar, I was in a very good mood.  No complaints or regrets about eating here.  Yes, its a bit costly, but on par with the better buffets, and the food is brought to you.
5	When my friend suggested dining here I thought she was crazy.  My memories of the only time I had been in Circus Circus involves sticky floors and screaming children.I was very pleasantly surprised by the restaurant, however.  Not only was the service excellent, but my feet didn't stick to the floor and there was not screaming involved.The food was exceptional.  The steak was melt-in-your-mouth good and I highly recommend the chocolate dipped strawberries for dessert.  They were huge!
1	Seems like a deal but read on please.Well I have eaten here a few times now and I have to say I don't really like it.  First off its 47 bucks for a bone in rib eye now and even though it comes with sides they are lousy.  In one word to describe the whole meal, bland.  First off the steak is dry aged but only 21 days and they have really no aged flavor.  Second they do not season the meat at all, I mean not a bit, it was completely bland and flavorless, you can add salt at the table but by then it's too late.  My last steak I got was cooked ok, actually a little rare, but it had a strong burnt charcoal taste, a few others at the table said the same and some did not.     The few asparagus spears that comes with are very plain too and were very bland.  You can't pick your veggie, it's just whatever they give you.  Also the dinner salad is fine I guess but if you want caesar it's 5 bucks more.  There are only 2 potatoes to choose from baked or mashed, boring.  In the end this place isn't much cheaper and even more expensive than some, treat yourself and go somewhere else and share one or two real good sides with a group.  As long as you don't go overboard It will only cost a few bucks more a person and it is worth it.  A better steak I found that wasn't terribly pricey was the range at harrahs, way better.As long as you don't compare this place to the expensive premium steakhouses like CUT or Carnevino this place isn't really a deal at all.  4 steaks at 44 (reasonable price for joe's, fleming's, range, envy, delfrisco...) and you all split 3 sides that you get to pick (more than enough) at 8 each would be 50 a person, only 3 dollars more a person than 47 rib eyes at circus circus.  I can't think of a legit steakhouse that I had a worse meal at so I don't see how you could go wrong elsewhere if you are considering this place.
5	Amazing! The food and the service were out of this world excellent. Michael and Javier were servers for our table and both did a terrific job. Michael was very friendly, entertaining, professional, and enthusiastic. The French Onion soup is very good and the steak I had was terrific. The tiramisu was fabulous! One person in my group had the Bananas Foster custard and he raved over that as well.Consider making reservations if you have a large party or going to dinner during peak hours. Did I mention the tiramisu?Expect a large bill. There were four of us dining each had a glass of wine or cocktail, split an appetizer, and all had steak dinners. The final tally was over $400 plus gratuity. I would DEFINITELY go here again..!
5	the only redeeming factor to our stay at Circus Circus. Our last night in town, we took the recommendation of our car rental guy and ate at the steak house. He said it was a best kept secret, and he was right. easy to overlook, but near our elevator we walked in 40 minutes before we wanted to eat and made a reservation - on a saturday night - we probably could have walked in without a problem. The menu is fairly simple, but it has everything a good steak house should have. they even show you the room they age the meat in. dimly lit, comfortable table, great cow paintings- even the butter was stamped into cow shapes. amazing bread, prime rib petit portion was enormous...really good!~
3	This steakhouse is no longer what it used to be.  It is still a good steakhouse, but no longer in the upper echelon of Las Vegas steakhouses.  My ribeye was average for the price, and my baked potato was overcooked.  For long time patrons of this restaurant.  Save your trip to Circus Circus and eat elsewhere.
4	It took a while for people to convince me that this place was actually worth a try. I thought they were all joking... I couldn't believe that Circus Circus could have a great steakhouse so near to the petri dish that is their buffet.This place would get 5 stars but I ordered the Porterhouse rare (blue rare) and received a medium to medium/well steak. When I told the waiter that it was overcooked he argued with me and pulled out a flashlight. I understand that it was dark.. but I know the difference between rare and medium.Anyways the second steak they brought was cooked perfect.
3	Driving down the freeway I saw a billboard that said something like: 19 times in a row voted best steak.. This caught my eye real fast, so the following weekend I had dinner here.Located in the Circus Circus Hotel & Casino, Its entrance looked quite elegant for its surroundings.. Walking in, there's a room that exposed raw cattle hanging from the ceiling ready to be charbrioled and served. I thought that was interesting. We got seated promptly and our waiter was very polite. I ordered the Ribeye steak with a side of  mashed potato (my usual combination). The bread was decent and house salad was good. The steak came shortly afterwards and had that charbroiled aroma to it. It was a hefty piece and had the right amount of char. The steak was pretty tender, juicy and had an all natural steak flavor. Overall it  was better than average but  not spectacular. The mashed potatoes were mediocre. The wine did help with the whole experience..Oldschool Steakhouse that still Holds its own..
3	I'm still on the fence with this place. For the fact that it was rated the Best Steakhouse in Las Vegas for X amount of years, yet it resides in a hellhole is beyond me. Did I have the best steak of my life? Probably not, I have yet to have a Peter Luger steak so until then, it'll be a no. The food was good but I think it was WAY too dark and the service was ok. Definitely not Michelin worthy. The Black Bean Soup was surprisingly good but it was too big of a portion. There was a dessert cart which was cool though it reminded me of Claim Jumpers. Would I go back? Maybe, if it was comped or it was on someone's tab.
4	No one ever believes me when I tell them that Circus Circus has the best steak house and is decently priced... until I take them of course =)I think they are decently priced for the quality of their food.   I've brought many friends there and all agreed that the place is good. My last visit was with my boy friend who is a very picky steak eater.  He didnt believe me either but I was taking him on a date so he had no say in what we were going to eat.  Needless to say, he was impressed and stuffed =)our date was a success!
3	I've been hearinig about this place for a long time now. My dad comes into town and every year he's been asking me to him to the steakhouse at circus circus. So finally i said okay let's go and try this place out. Of course it's not the best location. Circus Circus was an old casino hotel. i used to come here so many times with my family when i was a young kid. it did bring back memories and seeing how much our lives have changed. Growing up poor and working our asses off and now we realized how much that hard working pays off and we are all living comfortably and happily.I walked into the restaurant and you can smell the steaks. Smelled really good which got my stomach growling. I liked the old school vegas feel to the restaurant with the dim lights and mahogany colors. There was a grill in the middle of the restaurant where you can see the chef prepare the steaks which i liked a lot.My dad ordered the NY steak, mom the filet, Mark the rib eye, and myself the king crab legs (since i knew i was going to have some of their steaks). all the steaks were cooked perfectly to our likings. I would NOT order the crab legs. they came out not too warm and for the price of $62.00 definitely not worth it! Staff was very friendly and nice. Our waiter reminded me of Drew Carry ehehee.It's hard to really love this place since i've been to the best steakhouses like SW and Prime to name a few. BUT if you're looking for something good yet casual with an old school vegas this place is it.  The price is just the same as any other fine dining steakhouses though. so if you don't want to pay up to something like a fine dining steakhouse this place is not for you.
4	old school Vegas steakhouse...the only place worth eating in Circus Circus...special happy hour prices from 3-5pm.
4	YES, ITS AT CIRCUS CIRCUS AND ITS GOOD!It does not sport the name of a famous executive chef.  It is not the happening kind of place frequented by the 30 something crowd.  Nor will you find day boat scallops nestled in micro greens with exotic infused oils.    Dare I say, you might actually find a sprig of parsley on your plate.This is a classic steakhouse of yesteryear.  Appetizers are simple and usually seafood.  The steaks are aged in house, cut into big slabs, and grilled over mesquite charcoal.Never had anything to complain about here.  Seafood is always properly cooked.  The steaks are all well trimmed and also perfectly cooked.A good place to go when you tire of the Vegas facade.Service is friendly and inviting.  Prices are extremely reasonable.Stop turning your nose up just cuz its at a cheesy, old hotel.  Give it a try and you will be surprised.
4	First thing is first..Don't let this steakhouse leave the picture because it's located in the Circus Circus. Yes, you have to work your way through the "Circus" crowd but in the end it is well worth it. My dad's boss is a Vegas resident and swears by the place which is where we got the idea to go. We were down from Reno for the UNLV-Nevada game and wanted to have a good dinner without the Vegas price tag. We are college students so all the high priced "stewey" steakhouses were out of the question. Walking in you get the feel of an old school steakhouse which is what we wanted. The smell of beef slaps you in the face the moment you get to the receptionist. We also wanted a place where dress was considered. We wanted to celebrate and look nice doing it! Some reviews on here have stated that people walk in with shorts and button up shirts...This wasn't the case when we went. Every person in the restaurant was dressed "up".I'm not going in depth about the food because I'm not a food critic and won't pretend to be one, but to sum it up we all had Filet's and they were cooked to perfection. The best part about this place is that your steak actually comes with a side and salad!All in all we had a great experience. If your looking for a steakhouse that isn't going to hammer your wallet this is your spot.
2	I went here with a group including my colleagues, and was skeptical walking in the door - as everyone says, yes, it's at Circus Circus, and yes, it's good.Or, at least, it's supposed to be good.The menu is short, the ambiance reminds me of The Golden Steer on Sahara and the Strip:  old-school, dimly lit, very retro and stodgy/classy.The food is really very average, but with well above-average prices.  The biggest issues I had with my food were, A) dry steak with little flavor, and B) the sides and appetizers were incredibly average.Normal salad, normal baked potato, normal to below-average seafood.  It's decidely average, or 3 stars, but with the prices the way they are, it becomes a 2.  It's just fiercely skippable.Lastly, the wine selection is truly poor.  1 of 5 stars.
3	Stopped in here again on a recent trip.  Note the star reduction.The service was ok but just ok.  We had a reservation for 6:00 and arrived promptly.  The hostess had us chill in the bar for a few minutes before we were shown to our table.  There were lots of empty tables when we were seated, so I don't understand why we were made to wait.  Our waiter got the job done pleasantly enough but could have been a little more attentive.The cocktails were weak.  I gave up after the third.  My New York could have been more flavorful.  The key lime pie was good.
4	Located in Circus Circus...Yes that Circus Circus, this is a throwback of a steak house to the 50s or 60s.  The meat is on displace aging in temperature controlled glass lockers for your viewing pleasure.  The red booths are what give it the throwback look with the kitchen grill on full display in the middle.  The meat is aged 21 days without spices...That being said, this place is very good if you like your meat rare to medium rare as the flavors really come out.  Anything above medium and you will have a burnt tasteless piece of meat on your plate.  This place is old school and everything is ala cart and should be shared, the bone in Rib Eye is very good.I am a purist when it comes to meat so butter, excess salt, or marinade on my steak...I will pass.  In other words Ruth Chris' type places are awful to me.  I'd say this place is on par with Morton's of Chicago, Flemming's, etc.  price-wise too.Guess there is a reason The Steak House was voted top Steak House in Vegas 20 years in a row...20 years.
2	I've had better
5	If you want quality steak, this is where you want to go. When I first looked at the menu, the high $$$ threw me off a bit but in the end, I recognized the value. Finally, a steakhouse where I can ask for medium rare and they actually bring out medium rare! One of my biggest pet peeves (aside from people who order medium well to well-cooked steaks) is when someone overcooks my steak, especially when the quality of steak is that good. If you enjoy lamb, I highly recommend the lamb chops. I ordered them medium rare and they came out extremely tender and flavorful. I can easily say they were the best lamb chops I've had in a long time. The prime rib is also excellent and based on opinions of others, the new york strip is their best (I just couldn't handle a piece of steak that ginormous!) The potato on the side was definitely a good choice. They bring out butter, sour cream, bacon bits, etc. in caddies so that you can create your own baked potato to your liking. The rice pilaf is also a fantastic choice if you prefer a lighter, more diet-friendly side dish. The servers are fantastic and attentive. I had a cosmopolitan with my meal and it was a bit strong, but delicious. It definitely complimented the heavy dinner that put me in near comatose. Overall, I must say this is a fantastic place to eat on a special occasion.... or when you're simply craving something a tad more than the Outback special.
5	Circus Circus steakhouse is top notch all the way. The meats are high quality and the wait staff is fantastic. My girlfriend Jacinda and I went here on my birthday this past Monday, Mar. 7 and I must say that this place truly impressed us both. Honestly, from the bread, to our steaks, to our incredibly attentive and friendly waiter Mitch, it was high class through and through. We had ordered a French onion soup in addition to my petite filet mignon and my girlfriend's NY strip and everything was flavorful and cooked to perfection. The soup even came with an accompaniment of shredded cheese along with green onions and delicious garlic croutons. And speaking of that soup, our server had forgot to serve it to us after our salad and our steaks had arrived without any sign of the soup. Mitch was quick to apologize on the server's behalf and insisted to comp the soup and serve it to us along with our steaks. Of course, having a soup with the steak is a perfect combination and so I didn't mind enjoying this dish with our main meals. The m'aitre d also knew it was my birthday and so he also comped our deserts. I had the apple torte and Jacinda had a chocolate mouse pie. Both were a fine ending to a very classy and memorable 30th birthday! Only small knock would be the abbreviated wine list. While it is more than enough with some decent choices, I assume there are quite a few steakhouses around Vegas with much larger selections. I am no wine snob, but I do know that Gallo wines is quite basic and it was one of the reds on the wine list. However, the Clou Du Bois we enjoyed with our steaks was perfect, but don't go there expecting to be exposed to anything special.
5	Hard to believe that the best steak house in Las Vegas is in Circus Circus- but it is. Skip Caesar's Palace and Bellagio and Aria. This is where the insiders go. The porterhouse is exceptional.
4	Old skool ambiance.  Very dark.  I felt like a time machine brought me back to the mafia era.  Good Steak in old Circus Circus Casino/Hotel. I ordered the Filet Mignon.  Back in the day, this place was one of the best Steak Houses but after all the new trendy places opened up, it's getting left behind.  Still a great place nevertheless.
2	I enjoyed my experience here, but I tend to have good food for under $20, so for $50+, I expect something truly special and this was not it.  The service was good for an elegant restaurant (translation: slow, but not ridiculously so), and the filet mingon was very big.  It wasn't the kind of quality that I've come to expect from a filet however.  Overpriced and not worth the price overall.
5	Value+service+delicious food=5 starsWhen my husband wanted to try the "Circus Circus Steakhouse", I told him he must be crazy. I'm way too prissy to eat at Circus-Circus. But, I took one for the team, and I sure was glad! Now, we eat here almost every time we go to Vegas!Yes, you will pay $50 for your meal. But, unlike other expensive steakhouses, your dish will come with a salad, a vegetable and a starch--I suggest the baked potato with all the fixin's. Most other steakhouses are a la carte, and once you add in the salad and sides, your $50 dish has become a $75 dish. So the value is there.I will say that if you like a broiled steak, you may not enjoy the "charred" flavor on their steaks. It's not a burnt flavor, it's just different than a broiled steak. I actually prefer their crab legs over the steaks. You get a HUGE plate of King crab legs, and they come completely split in half length-wise, so the meat is ready for you.A variety of breads are brought to your table and they are all amazing! The waiters are all super-friendly and my water glass never got more than half-empty.Highly recommended!
5	I still laugh and snicker at the idea that a 5 star steak house can be located in a Wal Mart Casino, but its true, it does exist... I can prove it twice!We decided to be "big Vegas spenders" for one night and hit The Steak House.  There really was nothing done wrong from the time we entered until the time we left.  Very relaxing and comfortable environment.  The food... fresh and generous with the steak being phenominal!  Sure, its pricier than say the Sizzler, but then there really is very little comparison between the two establishments.  Two people can top $100 without any problem, and as much as it is, I can say its worth it.
3	Tonight my man and I finally got time to get all gussied up and go out on the town (we both have been extremely busy). We decided to do our super sexy date night at the famed Steak House at Circus Circus. Unfortunately, you must go through a good chunk of the casino before you get there (see my review on Circus Circus itself). We were a couple of minutes late for our 9pm reservation so the Maitre d asked us if we wouldn't mind chilling at the bar for a bit. No problem whatsoever. It was a good time to get to check out the ambiance (very cool old school decor...much like where the Rat Pack or my grandfather would have hung out). Our bartender looked grouchy and didn't have much personality at all so I made it my mission before we were seated to make him at least crack a smile. We ordered a couple of drinks and the tab came out to $18...very reasonable by Vegas Strip standards....still no smile. Whatever...you can't win them all but I was still friendly (I try to remember that maybe they had a bad day...we've all been there done that...so maybe a friendly customer could be uplifting...you never know how far a smile goes). My man and I are chit chatting and we hear loud conversation behind us that can only be described as a person with Tourettes (lots of mo' fo's and b*tches being thrown around)...or just a really obnoxious dude parading his ho's around (cheap and tawdry girls with too much makeup and vajay-jay level dresses). Needless to say my man and I got a chuckle out of this (man o man do I love people watching). Finally...the Maitre d comes to seat us.He took us to a lovely and romantic booth (it was awesome with the exception of this creepy little kid that looked like Justin Beiber who just kept staring at us from the table across the way). We looked over our menus and decided on a petite filet and a porterhouse. Both came with soup or salad, choice of starch and a chef inspired veggie. Our server was nice but nothing to write home about. She seemed bummed that we only ordered one round of drinks and no appetizers (we were not that hungry). The black bean soup was wonderful with a side of chopped onions and a shot of sherry....delicious and filling. The salad was just your typical salad with blue cheese. Our main course came out and was lovely. The steak cooked just right (med-rare...is there any other way?). I opted for the baked potato and he got the garlic mashed potatoes. Both were tasty...but I think I would have to say the mashed potatoes were better. I couldn't eat much of my meal because the soup filled me up...so my man got an amazing doggy bag. We decided on no dessert because my dress was starting to cut off my circulation. Overall it was an A-Ok experience. We will probably be back for the value but I cringe at the thought of having to walk through Circus Circus to get there.
5	The best steakhouse in Las Vegas!  Ron the manager is beyond exceptional and his entire staff deserves a 5 star rating!  The prime rib is the best hands down.  I also love the fact they bring out bacon, chives, sour cream and butter for the baked potatoes!Wayne Gorsek
5	Nice and prompt.  They don't dilly dally here.  The steak is not just grilled to perfection...but the choice of meats and the real mesquite fire created the perfect combination.  Would recommend to anyone that wants to mimic a T-rex.
3	This was a solid, old fashioned steakhouse in a really great MANLY ambiance.  Everything was tasty and it was relatively affordable for what you got. I couldn't finish my meal - which is rare (no pun intended).  Did it blow me away? No. But that's OK!
5	Amazingly great service and food!  The prime rib is beyond awesome, the baked potatoes with free sides of chives, bacon, sour cream and button are amazing as is the Spanish Red Wine they have for very reasonable price.  They cook the steaks on a natural charcoal grill as they should unlike most places using gas.  Wayne Gorsek
5	My last night and meal in Las Vegas here was awesome . I went there with my party and experience was excellent . Our waiter Mike was hilarious and top notch . This guy had a Packers lighter in his pocket ...   I wasn't sold on this place when my dad booked it for us , but after my visit I am sold on this place.  Staff was incredible. The food was great and no complaints in my book. I will infidelity  be back again next visit  to Sin City . Also won $500 in black jack to end the night !!!
4	great food, great drinks, great time...gotsta come back for this one!(thanks bill and kim!)
5	I had never been to the steakhouse, but  had I had heard a lot about it. So I decided to go with 2 friends. We had a cocktail in the lounge area, which was a great size, compared to the tiny cocktails you pay $17 for. Once we sat down our first appetizer was a platter that had cocktail shrimp, king crab, and oysters it had a gumba sauce it was amazing!We then ordered 3 different cuts of steak. Each one was so amazing !! It was soo much food, but the still sent out dessert, all of them were very very good. But the bananas foster was AMAZING! Service was great too!!This is a place I will definitely go back to and recommend anyone to eat there!
5	One of the best steakhouses i've ever been too. The food was phenomenal!!I came in for Restaurant Week but I dont see this being my last encounter with the CC.My steak was cooked perfectly and they had sweet crab meaton top just to tease my tastebud..They even cure some of their meat on site... can you say noms?!?!?!The only issue I have is they don't have a drink or cocktail menu which I thought was kinda odd and you have to gothrough gaggles of annoying tourists to get to the steakhousebut all in all that doesnt take away from the tastiness ofthe meal...
4	After hearing about The Steak House at Circus Circus for more than 20 years, Restaurant Week gave me the excuse I needed to finally visit the place and appraise it. And, after doing so, while I do not consider it to currently be the best steakhouse in Las Vegas, I was impressed. Rather than being the cowboy steak joint I sort of expected, this was a classy dining establishment with serious steaks, professional service, and an upscale enclosed dining room. Not everything was executed perfectly but everything I witnessed was executed well. The large dining room that featured fancy multi-hued fabric chairs and comfortable, red leather booths was filled to capacity early on a Thursday night. I was very glad that my party of four had a reservation. The room contained several lit lamps but it was still very dark inside. Buttered raisin bread was a tasty start to a fine meal overall. A white crock of French Onion Soup was hot and had nicely melted cheese on top as well as well-caramelized onions inside, but the dark broth was very salty and a bit harsh tasting at first. Yet, as I dug in deeper with my soup spoon, and got near the bottom of the vessel, the broth tasted much sweeter, and I liked it.  While the onions were numerous, I found no melted croutons in the midst of the broth, and missed them. But, now I realize that this was my own fault. For, a photo of my soup reveals that several hard croutons rested right next to my crock. All I had to do was dump them in. Pity that I overlooked that when it mattered! The large Steak House Salad consisted of just a few types of mixed greens, plus grape tomatoes, and slices of mushrooms, carrots, and cucumbers. An excellent thick and creamy Blue Cheese Dressing made the taste buds come alive. Then came the piece de resistance that I was waiting for the most: a 12-oz. Filet Mignon prepared Oscar style with King Crab, asparagus spears, and a generous amount of Bearnaise Sauce ladled over the top. The steak wasn't the best I ever tasted but it was probably in the top ten.  It was cooked medium rare as ordered; it did melt in the mouth once I reached its middle; and I found it to be well seasoned and tender throughout with no noticeable char. It had been beautifully prepared on the grill above white-hot burning mesquite wood by a chef who clearly knows how to cook premium beef to order, as other steaks at my table were cooked medium and medium well as ordered, with everyone pleased with their entree. The crab and Bearnaise Sauce were also of high quality. Only the spears of asparagus were lacking in appearance and flavor; they were undistinguished thin, green--or in some cases yellow-tinged--reeds. My Baked Potato was good but not soft all the way through on the inside.  It could have benefited from a few more minutes in the oven. The large array of included desserts from the Chef's Pastry Cart were first rate. Chocolate Mousse Cake with chocolate shavings was dense and luscious. And a novel Bananas Foster that was self-contained in a martini glass was very fine, replicating all of the elements of the more common flambeed variety. Cut pieces of banana, melting vanilla ice cream, and the requisite liqueur all mixed together very well to create a tasty sauce and a memorable dessert.  The only untoward moment was when my wife, Diane, mistook for a Pirouette Cookie an inedible cinnamon stick that was lodged in the Bananas Foster, and almost broke a tooth! The meal as a whole was a solid 4-1/2-star experience. An oasis of fine dining does indeed reside inside Circus Circus Las Vegas Hotel & Casino.
5	Wow. This place is a little hidden treasure inside of Circus Circus. Upon our arrival, we received a complimentary bottle of house wine, but that wasn't the best part. The steak, aged 21 days, was excellent. I'm impressed. Both of our steaks were cooked to perfection. The crab, oysters and shrimp appetizers were great too, but we were nearly full when the steak came. The service was excellent. The waiter checked in on us just the right amount of times and was very friendly.There are many choices in Las Vegas to get a great steak, but if you're in the area, definitely stop by The Steakhouse.
5	Love this place !!!! I can honestly say this is the best steak I have ever eaten. I went there a couple of years ago and loved it so when I was able to take my parents out I thought I would give it another try. Yes yes yes I know most of the reviews are suprised to find a great place like this in Circus Circus and it is true.The moment you walk in you can smell the grill and your mouth waters ! The food is expensive. I think I paid 45 or so for a 12oz filet but as I see it I am on vacation and , in very very rare cases, you get what you pay for.The steak was very tender, easy to cut and you can taste the wood they use to grill it. Wait staff was awesome and was attentive. The decor is old fashioned but clean and comfortable. Loved the fact that they played Dean Martin and almost made me think Dean, Frank and Sammy might stroll in at any minute. Nice to see some old fashion class in a town that seems to change every 5 years. Give it a try because I will go back.
4	Went to dinner last night with my dad and boyfriend and the food was great.  Seated instantly with no reservation, but it was pretty full for a Tuesday night.  You are greeted by your waiter and given complimentary bottled water.  They also provide a yummy bread basket, must try the pretzel bread!  The food was wonderful the prices were great, the only reason I did not give it 5 stars was because it was so smokey.  I am not talking cigar or cigarette smoke, it's smokey because the chef cooks in the middle of the restaurant.  Now don't get me wrong it looks really cool, but after the meal and the next morning I was coughing felt like I had smoked a cigar or something.  So if smoke doesn't bother you then you'll love this place.  It is wonderful just be prepared.  8oz filet was $38 12oz filet was $48*all entrees come with choice of black bean soup (which is delicious) or salad*garlic mashed potatoes (so good), baked potato, or rice pilaf*chef's veggies**We did not get an appetizer and we were full... still couldn't finish everything on our plates!!!!*****Great food, great price, amazing portions!
5	Great steaks, awesome appetizers, delectable desserts, HUGE portions. They even have a room for the sole purpose aging their beef, how cool is that? I ordered the ribeye steak (bone in) and it was so thick and big I barely made through half of it. The service here was beyond expectations. Very pricey but sooooo worth it.
4	Was very good, but i was in a business dinner so i didn't have the bad taste in my mouth of a high price. Expensive but good. This really is a diamond in the rough (the rough being Circus Circus). The inside of this place was very rustic, almost as if i was in an upscale steakhouse of the 20's. The place was very clean and simplistic. I appreciate this because so many places now are crammed with crap. The wait staff was very soft spoken and attentive, i like the calm approach rather then then crazy loud "fun" approach at some chain restaurants. Steak was perfect, no complaints about the food. It had real flavor and didn't need any extras which in my opinion is a sign of quality. Check the price, if it is within budget definitely a must go place.
5	Lawry's has always been the 'default' place to go to whenever a big celebrational dinner was called for.  I also have never understood how Circus Circus keeps missing being imploded.  So it took a personal recommendation from someone I trust PLUS the Yelp reviews to agree to try someplace new.The atmosphere has a 'step-back-in-time' feel that starts as you go down the hallway into the restaurant.  Gone is the Circus Circus clutter to be replaced by professional and attentive employees, fabulous food, and intimate surroundings.  I ordered the petite filet mingnon, salad, and garlic mashed pototes, carrots came with.  The bread basket had several types of bread.  I was so glad not to be disappointed and plan on heading back for lunch with a few skeptical friends.  After all I was skeptical too!
5	Awesome prime rib, great wine selection at value prices, awesome atmosphere, super comfy booths/chairs and amazing service by a manager and staff that in most cases have been there 20+ years.  Very kid friendly and no sharing charges and they will even split the plates including salads for you in the kitchen as it should be done!  Hard to believe this 5 star place is in Circus Circus!  Truly an oasis on the strip!  BRAVO TO THE STEAK HOUSE AND THEIR STAFF!Wayne Gorsek
4	This place has the best steak I have eva & I do mean ever had... The steak was SOOO tender and delicious. The only thing I was dissapointed with is that my rice was not cooked all the way through. So I told the waiter and right away they brought out some mash potatoes and all was better. They were Yummy as well. Great Place for those that love steak... You will be wowed on how tender the meat is. They  age thier meat for 21 days so it gets in your mouth and taste perfect. Yummy in my tummy!~
4	Don't let the location fool ya! The Steak House At Circus Circus is fantastic. The GM Ron is terrific and extremely attentive. Our server was on point every step of the way.  His recommendations were taken and well prepared.  I've lived in Las Vegas for 13 years now and have never been to "The Steak House" but have been now twice. Both times in recent months; due to people raving about this place-so I had to try it out! Its a great overall experience and will now become a king of clubs recommendation on our restaurant guide. Well done Guy's
5	I wish this restaurant was located at another hotel because I'm always really, really embarrassed to ask people to go the Circus Circus for dinner.It was the first time for my husband and he only agreed to dine here because he loves me.  He wasn't excited walking through this ultra cheesy hotel.  But, he absolutely LOVED this place.  To start off, they give you an assortment of delicous bread.  Yum.  We ordered the shrimp cocktail and it was seriously the largest shrimp we've ever had.  Very tasty.  I had my salad with blue cheese dressing.  Nice chunks of fresh blue cheese and good veggie toppings on the salad.We both had the filet mignon.  Melted in your mouth.  In addition, it had such a nice flavor (think they put mesquite in the grill).Service was great too.  Our glasses were always filled with water, we had minimal time where we were sitting without food and they cleared our plates immediately after we were done eating (my husband hates sitting at a table when finished plates are left on the table).You have to try this place.  My husband was skeptical but wants to dine here again during our next trip to Vegas.  Don't let the Circus Circus theme deter you.
5	Circus Circus is terrible, and if you're like me, you wouldn't be caught dead in there. I get it. HOWEVER. Nestled in a dark corner past the dirty casino, dollar blackjack, and screaming kids is a doorway that leads back through time. THE Steak House at Circus Circus is a local legend, a true hidden gem known only to Vegas insiders and locals. When I say the restaurant is a time machine, I mean it. The Rat Pack could easily have haunted it at one point; indeed, it's the sort of place Don Draper and Roger Sterling would frequent. If you're a Mad Men fan, I don't think I need to say any more. But I will. The waitstaff are seasoned professionals that will attend to your every need. They are happy to make a recommendation from the extensive wine list, and never need any further guidance upon hearing the words, "rye old fashioned." I wasn't even able to finish half my glass of water before it was refilled. The menu is simple, as it should be. Traditional steakhouse fare. For around $50 (give or take), you'll get a superb cut of aged midwestern beef, cooked to perfection, served with a salad or soup, potato, and vegetable. I'm picky when it comes to steak, and every meal I've had at THE Steak House has been fantastic. My personal favorite is the ribeye, but they make a great filet as well. A friend of mine enjoys the lobster. I've never had dessert, although I have ordered coffee after the meal and it is very good. You will walk away stuffed. You will leave, make your way back through the unwashed masses, hail a cab toward the opposite end of the strip, and feel like you're part of an elite club.
4	Nice atmosphere, it's a hideout place.. good for taking hookers. (I wish I would have known this, I would have taken one). The bar is wonderful, healthy pours with an older gentlemen there that is personable and inviting. Problem however: you can't order from the menu at the bar. You can only order apps, which are all seafood. The FINEST steakhouses in Texas has - albiet limited- the ability to serve something once furry and don't make you look like a loser sitting in the main dining area by yourself, amongst dozens of couples and big-tops full of people laughing and pointing at you.Now to the steaks: They have all the right stuff, the right cuts, the right cooking techniques, the right char-grill with real mesquite wood. But they miss something that I think sets Texas steakhouses apart from this place. Well, two something's actually. 1. Spice. 2. Thickness. If it's spicy, it has this thing.. oh, what's it called.. oh FLAVOR.. That's the word I'm looking for! And, if it's cut thicker, you can sear the outside for a nicer cool rare center. I wanted a rare steak, and was talked into the porterhouse due to how it would "render" in the bone and they said they would char it to perfection. Bullshit.. the perfect steak isn't burnt. It's seared. The perfect steak has flavor. Not just a dry aged (although I agree a nice cut) tossed on a grill then splashed with water to put the flames out. All was not lost however, it was a fair dining experience as the wait staff were so fast and courteous, and the drinks were poured right. The potatoes, asparagus, and side salad were magnificent and they don't make you wait for anything. Will I go back, probably.. but this time I'm throwing a c-note to the waiter to go hand-select my steak, cut it to my specifications, and throw some cracked black pepper at least and maybe some salt on it and bring it out seared - not flame fried. Oh, and the desert tray looked divine - but I chose a nice digestif for desert instead.
5	Had a dinner reservation at 5pm last night. Our waiter Richard was top notch. He catered to anything we needed and was super attentive.We ordered the grilled garlic shrimp for our appetizer. It comes with 4 large shrimp and a side of lemon and garlic butter. Cooked perfectly and the garlic butter is a must, ecen though the shrimp on their own are tasty.My husband had the porterhouse, baked potato, carrots, and black bean soup. The porterhouse is huge, so be hungry! I had the bone in rib eye medium rare, carrots, garlic mashed potatos and salad. The rib eye, also huge, is to die for. The steaks had that perfect char taste. The don't season their steaks, which I saw some yelpers complain about, but I guess they dont get that The Steak House wants you to get the flavor of the meat, not the salt or a marinade. The salad is your run of the mill cripy veggies. The black bean soup was very tasty, served with a side of onions and dry sherry. The potato and veggies come with your meal as well, not ala carte like most steak houses. The veggies is always the chefs choice. For dessert I had the chocolate mousse cake which was decadent. He had the key lime mousse which was good, but very sweet and a tad overwhelming. Make sure you really like key lime a lot before ordering. It is huge. Overall, great food, great service, and a great hidden gem to check out. Highly suggested over the snooty, over priced steak houses that lack service.
5	As a local!  Best kept secret!
4	If you love old Vegas the way I do, you will really appreciate a fine-dining restaurant that is located within the 2nd dingiest casino on the strip (after the Riviera) and won best steak in town for like 40 years or something ridiculous.Arriving for our reservation, valet was kinda backed up, so my husband dropped me off while he went to park in the garage. The maitre'd greeted me promptly, seated me, and asked my husband's name so he could seat him when he arrived. On the way to our table, I was shown the meat room, which has all types of beef, including halves of cows, hanging up and aging. Cool. Service was friendly and efficient, from the bread basket to a bottle of champagne, to our meals, to the dessert cart. We had the petite filet and the ribeye and both steaks were excellent - seared on the outside and pink to red inside. The sides were good, and we really enjoyed the seafood platter appetizer. Even better than the 'classic-ness' of the Steak House is the value. We ate steaks with salads and sides (no a la carte here), a seafood appetizer, bottle of Moet, and cheesecake for $240 with tip.I'm torn on 4 vs 5 stars because of the Circus Circus locale. That place is old and pretty gross, but in a way, that makes me want to give the restaurant its extra star. It remains at 4 for now, until I make an equally excellent return visit.I recommend that every local visit The Steak House at least once and would also endorse it for tourists yearning for a little of that old style steakhouse feel.
4	My wife and I were looking for a place that advertised Prime Rib for $9.99 but wound up in this restaurant just because it looked nice. After walking through the casino and thinking yuck! We stumbled upon this diamond in the rough. We were able to be seated without reservations. My wife ordered the petite Prime Rib and I thought about what petite would be (small) so I ordered the regular Prime Rib. When they brought her plate, her portions were the size that I thought I was ordering. The petite was a very generous portion. The waiter brought my plate and jokingly laughed and said "You have to eat this in 15 minutes." MY eyes bugged out of my head and I thought about the show "Man VS Food"! That piece of meat was about 2" thick and covered what seemed to be 3/4 of the plate. But It was quite tasty. Needless to say that I didn't finish it and I didn't need to go out for dinner or lunch for the rest of the week! The garlic mashed potatoes were great, but I thought the vegetable portion was lacking based on the size of the meat portion.My suggestion if you're ordering the Prime Rib. You'll be satisfied with the petite.
4	I've been to more than a few steakhouses on the Strip-- most were fabulous, all are expensive, and this one was about on par with the best of them. The thing that made The Steak House stand out was that sides come WITH your steak, so there's no democratic vote that has to go on at your table as to who wants a jacket potato, who wants mashed potatoes, and who won't eat asparagus so don't bother getting it.We had a 7:00 reservation but were at the mercy of the bus service,  and while  we showed up 20 minutes late and very apologetic, we were still shown to a table immediately. YAY! So for everyone's future reference: The ACE doesn't stop in front of Circus Circus-- you think it will but then it takes a right and goes waaay away from the strip only to come back at the Stratosphere. You have to transfer to the DEUCE to backtrack, or you have to take the DEUCE all the way down.I ordered a shrimp cocktail that consisted of 4 gigantic shrimp, and filled up on rolls-- OH THE PRETZEL ROLLS! My husband ordered the filet and he deemed it fabulous, and my salmon was quite tasty as well. We were too full for dessert. Service was attentive but not snooty, and we just had a good meal in general. :)
4	Went here for the inaugural Spring Restaurant Week in Las Vegas. Figured I lived in Vegas long enough that I should check out Circus Circus at least once and with all the accolades THE Steak House has received, I could kill two birds with one stone.  First off, parking at Circus Circus isn't that great. Both garages were closed?; I would have probably been better off valeting. Also, go in off Industrial as opposed to the Boulevard as that would have been much easier as well. Now the important stuff... the food. Great bread basket. I love carbs and a good bread basket and this one had a great assortment. For the appetizer, the Caesar salad was awesome. One of the best I've had. I was also told by a member of our party that the French Onion soup was the best they ever had as well. Good start. The main course was Filet Oscar: a 12oz filet topped with king crab and bearnaise sauce. I probably would have preferred to have the crab as an appetizer and just ate the filet separately as I think the toppings took a bit away from the filet. I ordered it medium and it was good but wasn't the best filet I ever ate. Another member of the party got medium-rare, I ate part of that, and I felt it was much better than my medium despite me not normally liking rare. I'll give the medium filet a 3.5 and the medium rare filet a 4. As for desert, there were plenty of great looking options on the cart. Everyone got something different and no one complained. I had a raspberry chocolate cake which was way too big after what I had already eaten and  was a real good way to end a meal. Nothing went to waste.All in all, I went in feeling under the weather but left stuffed and content, definitely happy with my Restaurant Week choice this time around. So far with my Restaurant Week choices, I'll put THE Steak House above Palm Restaurant however I don't think I can quite put it above the Capital Grille.
5	Took my wife there for her birthday/valentines day as a surprise.  It was great because while driving there she joked "what we are going to circus circus to eat" and when I said yes she didn't believe me.  When I turned into the casino parking lot the atmosphere of the car dropped about 20 degrees.  I could read her thoughts, "I cannot believe I got dressed up to go here, he's in so much trouble and so on".  The Steak House not only crushed those thoughts but made me out to be superman for the day with a year long get out of jail free card.  Once you walk in you are definitely not in Kansas or Circus Circus anymore.  Dark lighting, wood and leather ruled the day.  Behind the hostess station is a classed room where you can see them dry aging the meat.  As we were seated we walked by a raised area where you could see them cooking the steaks over an open mesquite wood flame.  Next great point was the attentive service.  And, finally a bartender that actually knows how to mix a proper Tom Collins without having to ask me.  The steaks were cooked perfectly, the bake potato came with do it yourself toppings. the different breads were delicious.Overall it was a great experience that is definitely a gem hidden in a "pile".
4	We went to The Steak House to celebrate my father's birthday on a Friday night.  Granted the smoke from the grill was out of control when we walked in there, we had a great experience. The ambience is that of a traditional old school steakhouse. I fondly remember going to these types of places with my grandfather.  Even the service was awesome, people were constantly refilling our water glasses and checking in on us. I had a petite filet and everything that came with it.  It was tasty and delightful to eat. I don't get steak very often so this was a treat to have.  The dessert cart was great too but on second thought if you're a chocoaholic you should try the chocolate mousse cake for sure.  It's a must and thanks to my father I had a bite of it.  The chocolate dessert I had wasn't as good. As people have said, walking into Circus Circus you wouldn't expect a great restaurant like this.  If you're at this end of the strip, this steakhouse is a MUST.
5	Between the bread and porter house I'll forgo the obvious dilemma that comes with associating outstanding quality and circus circus. It's worth the hallucinogenic stroll through this dated memoir of a casino for this meal. I was first introduced from my uncle who never leaves LV without a stop here. My recent trip was no different then any of my past experiences here. Simply the best steak and steakhouse experience.
4	When I first added THE Steak House to my Yelp Bookmarks, it was kind of as a joke. I'm not the biggest fan of Circus Circus and I generally avoid going there, so when I read that one of the best Steakhouses in Las Vegas was located inside, I was skeptical to say the least.They absolutely defied my expectations.  The service was excellent and we were seated promptly for our 5PM reservation (after a brief tour, which was basically telling us what things were as we passed them)The better half and I enjoyed the Pretzel Rolls that came with the bread, but admittedly, I think we are both Pretzel Roll addicts. I had the Spinach Salad (With Bacon Dressing) and was not disappointed. For the Entree it was the Fillet Oscar with a Baked Potato.  I don't know what the deal with this Baked Potato was, but it was one of the best I'd ever had.  The Steak was prepared perfectly to my tastes and was also delicious with the Crab Meat and Bearnaise. I never wanted it to end, but my stomach had other plans.For dessert the Raspberry Cake, which might have ended up being a bit much for my belt, but it sure was good!The price was undoubtedly on the high side, especially considering it is INSIDE Circus Circus, but it is Vegas, and I knew what I was getting into.I guess my only real complaint was that it felt like it was a bit on the dark side.  I'm all for Ambiance, but I really felt like I needed to start using my phone as a flashlight!I highly recommend a visit if you are looking for a Steakhouse to try.
5	Going to eat steak at this hidden gem (really) in one of the last of the dingy casinos on the Las Vegas strip was one of the high lights of our recent trip! I told my hubby let's go see if this steakhouse is as really good as the reviews said and he asked me, are you sure it's in Circus Circus? LOL! This steakhouse is a trip back in time to classic , classy, good ole fashioned carnivore eating experience for regular folks who want to treat themselves on a well earned vacation. We are around 50 and truly enjoy good steaks and this steakhouse did not disappoint!! Our server was Michael who turned out he has been with the steakhouse for over 20 years and was excellent. Classic service from all the staff without being snooty. How's the meat you ask, I had the porterhouse steak and hubby had the bone-in prime rib, both cooked medium. Excellent flavor, so much so that when chewing you couldn't stop thinking about what you were tasting from each bite. Our steaks were most enjoyable as an understated response! Now the size, please do yourself a favor and don't eat much the day you plan to dine here. These steaks are big and huge! The bone in prime rib is the biggest hunk of meat I've ever seen my hubby eat and he made a very good run at it. I did pretty well on my porterhouse too. The bread here also deserves a note because the selection is very good as well, esp. the pretzel rolls. I can't help to think that one day ole Circus Circus will be gone and I hope this steakhouse gets a home somewhere else. But for now, I'm so glad we ventured here and tried it out. It was well worth the money and time; we'll be back!!
5	I vistied The Steak House on a recent trip to vegas and i must say YUMMY!! When u first walk in u can see all the meat hangin out in the meat locker. Very nice!!! The service is excellent. My friend put his cig out and the waiter took the ashtray away and replaced it before the smoke disapered!!! The food was OFF THE HOOK!!! Steaks cut with a fork... I would recommend this place to everyone...
4	So I just got back from first seating and I can say it exceeded every expectation I had! I avoided this place regardless of the great things I have always heard because after all it is circus circus.The menu is what you would expect of a steakhouse with very reasonable pricing for the strip. All the entrees come with soup or salad, potato, and a veggie. My fillet was a perfect med rare and was great as well as the rest of the meal. Ad the cheesecake is very tasty too!So if you think everyone is smoking crack just because they tell you to go to circus circus, give it a shot it will meet your expectations. Only reason I didn't give it 5 stars is because I had to walk through the casino and a few unsavory characters to get here
2	Please!I have to assume that those who say this is a great steak restaurant haven't eaten anywhere better than the Sizzler, because compared to that, it IS a great steak restaurant.But if you've ever eaten at any of the great steak restaurants around the country like Peter Lugar's or Mastro's or Joe's or Cut or Prime, then The Steakhouse at Circus Circus is barely okay, and perfectly situated for what it is: an ordinary, verging-on-gaudy place to eat beef.But you know what? There's some perverse continuity here....because the rave reviews will continue...and it'll continue to remain a mystery as to why.In the end, I guess what you know today, is based on what you knew yesterday.
1	Amazingly enough, after several good reviews, we were sorely disappointed in the place.  Service was just OK.  I started with the salad.  The bread was good but the butter was almost frozen and impossible the spread.  When my Rib-eye arrived, it was plated with asparagus and potato.  Nothing else.  No garnish.  No nothing.  Boring!  Although my steak was cooked to perfection, the slab was otherwise flavor less.  A few small attention to details could really help this place.  Salt... Pepper...presentation just to name a few.  Save yourself the disappointment and a few hundred bucks.
4	Who would have thought that Circus Circus would have such a delicious steak restaurant! Went here for dinner tonight with my boyfriend because he's been wanting to come back here after eating "the best steak in Vegas" several years ago. Its still on point! Loved the warm breads that were served immediately after seating and taking drink orders. Steaks come with chef's vegetable which was asparagus, soup or salad, and mashed garlic or baked potato. I got the special of the evening which was the 8oz filet for $30 and accompaniments of grilled garlic shrimp and sauteed mushrooms. My boyfriend got the bone in ribeye with added lobster tail. Everything was delicious and cooked perfectly! I also liked how the garlic butter for my grilled shrimp had bits of roasted garlic in clarified butter and was kept warm by a candle underneath. My shrimp were huge! More like prawns than shrimp...the lobster tail was also a very nice size. After the main course we were too full to order dessert, but the dessert cart looked very tempting.The only con I would have to add is that I wish they had more appetizer selections and more vegetable sides a la carte besides the chef vegetable.This was a well worth $200 dollar meal....and much more satisfying than Cut!!
5	The steakhouse at Circus Circus was the best steak my family has ever eaten and we can never eat another steak again as it will be disappointing by comparison. The service was impeccable and I miss it already. We plan to return on our next visit back to Las Vegas.
4	We had the misfortune of staying at Circus Circus for one night a week ago. Luckily we discovered THE Steakhouse (thanks to the reviews on Yelp!). The quality of the steak was amazing, extremely tender and with an excellent flavor. The place is a great value too because unlike other steakhouses the entree comes with your choice of salad or soup, a veggie and your choice of startch (hubby had the rice blend and loved it and I had the baked potato also excellent). The service was top notch and the atmosphere retro, reminded me of some of the old school steakhouses in San Francisco.I would definitely recommend this place for those brave enough to walk through Circus Circus to get there! (It is worth though it I promise you).
5	The SteakHouse at Circus Circus is an oasis of old time decadence amongst the Midway stuffed toy frenzy and cheap knock off sales outside.We celebrated Father's Day there and everybody thought it was a great choice.  The restaurant was celebrating their 30th anniversary so we each had a petitie filet mignon dinner for 30 bucks.  What a deal!  The french onion soup was the best I have ever had and I have sampled many a french onion soup from around the world.  The black bean soup was delicious and they give you a shot of sherry to go with it.  The salad was a throw away and I think they knew it.  So, they didn't charge us for it.  Yay.  The filet was predictably out of this world, perfectly cooked and aged.  The asparagus was okay but not excellent because it was not crisp enough.The service was superb.  It is what you'd expect from a 5 star steak house.  We had a rambunctious 2 year old with us and they didn't bat an eye.  It was Circus Circus so there were many kids there.  Parents, think. you can bring your crazy little kid to a proper formal restaurant!We had chocolate covered strawberries and they didn't charge us for that either.  Yum.
4	This place does not belong in this casino. Circus circus is one of the worst places ever made. You feel like you're walking down a dark alley and might get stabbed and then you stumble upon The Steakhouse. The Hispanic female hostess is the worst and absolutely have no clue how to handle customers. The restaurant wasn't full and we showed up early for our dinner and she told us to come back the time we made the reservation. We left for 2 mins and noticed a male hostess was there and he sat us immediately.We ordered off the 30th anniversary special menu and both the prime rib and petite filet were fabulous. The prime rib isn't Lawyr's but its a good 2nd. The filet was charred and very flavorful. The garlic mashed potatoes and black bean soup were also very good.For dessert we ordered tiramisu and it was big, not super sweet and perfect after a meal.Gordon Ramsey is still my favorite steakhouse but this place is definitely top 5 in Vegas.
4	The Filet mignon was SOOO tender. The Veggies were hard and not cooked correctly but they had it fixed right away. They brought me the best Mash potatoes.. They were delish...!~ You would never think that inside Circus Circus they would have such a fabulous place for steak.. but it came recommended by a good source and I got to say.. They were completely right.. I can't wait to go back.!~
5	My three star review below must have been reflective of an off night.  My buddy and I gave this place another try for dinner before the Andrew Dice Clay show at the Riviera across the street.  We had an 8:00 dinner reservation, but we were greeted warmly and seated promptly when we arrived about 30 minutes early.  The meal was flawless from beginning to end.
2	Steak was mediocre, tough, worse than any other casino steakhouse I've been to.Service was slower than dirt, except the guy doing the water - my cup was being constantly topped off.Dessert was great, however - the chocolate mousse cake was pretty tasty.
1	So we went a second time around for a company dinner. **Never go in a large group****Because we had about 8 of us the service was horrendous since they knew the tip would have been automatically applied. All of our steaks were extremely undercooked to the point where mine was purple close to the bone. It look about an hour just to get the menus and another 30 for them to take the plates off our tables. The garlic mashed potatoes and desserts were still pretty good, but seeing that I hate Circus Circus already, this gives us another reason why we would never set food in this place again.
4	I hit this spot the other night after saying I would check it out last summer. I finally hit it. It was good. I mean.. better than good but it didn't change my life or anything like that. I ordered the filet and a Cesar with a side of rice and shrooms. All very good. I would go again but I still prefer the Golden Steer. The staff was great and that was a surprise. Often places like this you get marginal service because inside the Casino they figure you are from ??? and won't be back. The bartender was cool as it gets and the servers were very much on their game! I will repeat.
5	The Steakhouse is a great experience despite being located in the dismal Circus Circus.  The restaurant itself is classy and filled with great staff. I can't think of any other place where I can view my steak in a glass walk-in cooler and then see it grilled right in the middle of the dinning room.  Everything we ate was amazing.  We started with a seafood appetizer with halved king crab legs and the biggest shrimp I've seen in a while.  I highly recommend the french onion soup but make sure you eat it hot before the cheese cools too much.  I tried the filet mignon, medium rare, with hollandaise sauce and it was incredible.  They really grill it to perfection however you like your steak.  The only other place that can compete to this experience is STK but that is because I prefer a younger atmosphere.  The Steakhouse has been around a long time for a reason and is worth a trip.
4	Very good.  Salads, steaks, garlic mash all great. The crap legs yummy too will go back
5	For a steakhouse in Las Vegas, you can't beat Circus Circus for a great value. At first look, the $40 filet is pricey but that includes a salad or soup, side dish, and entree.  If you went anywhere else, it would be the same price or more. Good service, great food, and old school atmosphere. Love it and will return again. The wine list is comprehensive and a good wine can be found at any price point.Out cab driver said after we mentioned that's where we ate "it's like walking through the ghetto to get to the palace." Yep, that about sums it up.
5	Great service. Great food. Great drinks. Great atmosphere. Went her for our 2year wedding anniversary. The ribeye was huge my husband has a whole steak for left overs. Filet melted in my mouth. Drinks were great and they didn't skimp on alcohol like other places.
5	So I kept asking who had the best steak in Las Vegas, and people kept telling me The Steakhouse....The Steakhouse!!! Nestled amongst the chaos inside Circus Circus is a diamond in the rough simply called "The Steakhouse". As I walked in it felt like I was walking into a steakhouse in Old Vegas....of course Old Vegas to me means something like going to Wet N Wild back in 1996. The dark ambiance was great, it felt like I was having a meal in the Haunted Mansion at Disneyland. The rib eye was simply ridiculous....it felt like I was cutting through butter. Magnificent!!! The flavor was awesome. The shrimp were the biggest I have ever seen and the baked potato was all that! Service was excellent.....our host Michael C. was simply the best, he was funny, witty, & a real Johnny On the Spot! It was so cool to sit there and watch all the steaks being cooked in the glass walk-in cooler as well. So, for now I have The Steakhouse in a dead heat for #1 steak in LV alongside  Mesa Grill. Sorry, B. Flay you got company now.
5	I never stepped foot in Circus, Circus before, but I will tell you, I will again and hopefully soon. What an amazing and extremely pleasant surprise. This is one of the best steaks that I have had in a very long time and Scott totally loved his lamp chops.My barber has been telling me for years, "do not miss this place" and I almost dismissed it, stupid me.Superb service by Chae, who has been here for 28 years and an unbelievable welcome and wine guidance by general manager, Ron, one of the nicest guys around!Food was excellent, wine list was very reasonable and now I know why Zagat gives the Steakhouse a 28, well deserved.
3	I went to The Steakhouse at Circus Circus for dinner recently on a family trip to Vegas.  As other reviewers mentioned, it requires you to pass through the seedy/trashy casino of the hotel.  The restaurant itself is very dark and in need of a more modern decor.  I ordered the NY Strip Steak, which was huge.  It wasn't the best or worst steak I've ever had, but for $47, I guess I expected better.  The Pina Colada I had was okay- couldn't taste any rum (maybe they gave me a virgin one by accident due to my baby face?)  I'm sure there are much better, more atmospheric steakhouses in LV...
5	Steak done right. Amidst the old rundown nature of Circus Circus, this restaurant is a nice gem hidden at the end of the strip that I never go to. I was told that this was one of the better steakhouses on the strip, and I think I could agree with that.Porterhouse steak ($48) was a nice, big cut that would most definitely satisfy any man's craving for meat. I think the prime rib was another popular choice that many diners opted for. The Steakhouse is worth a try in my opinion.
5	I've been to Circus Circus a few times, and until this last time didn't know that they had a reputable steakhouse (aged steaks, so good). The rest of the casino, at least every time I've been there, is... well... not my thing.Going in this time, yup, still not my thing. Even this restaurant really looked awful - was very much questioning the decision of my foodie friend leading this group.Sat down and they didn't get me a napkin. The waiter had never heard of Hendrick's gin. He screwed up the martini order. They misplaced every single one of our dishes (we weren't moving around or anything). The wine selection was not  that great.And I absolutely don't care about any of that - the filet that I had was incredible. Cooked perfectly, and easily one of the best steaks I'd ever had - and the price wasn't bad (although, to be fair, we had eaten at Picasso the night before).They do have other stuff on the menu, but why would you bother?I'll certainly go back.
3	I was a bit disappointed by my experience at the Steakhouse. The cuts of meat were excellent but not well seasoned. I wasn't floored by any dish. It wasn't worth trudging through Circus Circus to dine there. Del Frisco's is MUCH better.
5	My husband celebrated his 40th birthday here last weekend.  There were 10 of us in the private dining room.  The service was impeccable and the food was outstanding.  The experience far exceeded all of our expectations.  I travel for a living, so I eat out multiple times per day - almost every day.  Having experienced hundreds of restaurants over the years, I rate the Steakhouse among the 10 best dining experiences I have ever had.  We were treated like royalty.  These folks know what they are doing.  There is a reason it is the top-rated steakhouse in Vegas every year.  Although Vegas does boast many great restaurants, none will compare with this CLASSIC.  If you are interested in excellent food with exquisite service in an elegant environment, this is the place for you.  Unmatched in Vegas.  Outstanding.  I cannot say enough about it.  We will be back.
5	Tonight was the second time here and it was just as good as the first. The atmosphere is reminiscent of what I'd imagine a 1960's steak house would have been. Dark wood, large comfortable booths, and Frank Sinatra music playing. The dinners come with soup or salad, choice of potato and a vegetable. As good as the food is, the wait staff is just as good. They are not just waiters and bus boys. It's their profession and they obviously take pride in what they do. I had to send my filet back because it was q bit over cooked and our waiter, Ray, whisked it away and was back in minutes with a brilliantly medium rare ( more rare than medium) filet, another whole baked potato and carrots. Besides a delicious chocolate raspberry birthday cake for our friend's birthday, he brought me 3 large chocolate covered strawberries just because I sent back my dinner. Total bill with tax and tip was $204. That included drinks. The check would have been double that at Mastros. I'll gladly close my eyes, hold my nose and run through that shit show known as Circus Circus to go back again.
5	What's there to like about Circus Circus? THE Steak House, of course. Atmosphere and food! If you're searching for the true feel of an old school Las Vegas steak house, look no further. Yeah, the BigTop could use a lot more than just some fresh paint (think wrecking ball) but its old and does not try to hide the fact when compared to the plethora of fancier addresses on the Strip.Think of it as a history field trip and enjoy it while its still around!If you like the social scene of a loud, trendy, expensive, restaurant that will remind you of your favorite campout in LA or NYC, this is not for you! If you're a social climber, who needs to hang out in hopes of seeing stars, then head South on Las Vegas Blvd.But if you're willing to travel to this part of town (and by the way, its not as unsafe as you might think), look past the faded paint, chipped concrete, and are willing to have the driver wait for you outside the Circus, you will find a real diamond in the rough here! Cabs are cheaper than car services (bus even cheaper), and walking can be a real cultural experience! Weave thru the older casino, past the circus acts to the dimly lit entrance where you'll be greeted by a view of the dry aging room. Pass the hostess, bar, and open kitchen on the way to your table, which might just be one of the genuine studded naugahyde booths. Very much what I always pictured be an old school Vegas steak house to be like!Nice servers like Michael Champeaux who has been there for 26 years will often remember you from a past visit. Consider that these guys were doing this before they had those cards you have to put in the slot machines to track your play. They still have it. If you're old enough to remember, back then it was all about taking care of customer. Anyone could be a high roller.Okay, the food. The bone in ribeye is a true Fred Flinstone cut; and, one of the best I've had. The lamb chops are awesome too. Reviewers give it mixed marks on the vegetable sides, and I liked the duck fat fried potato wedges (last year) better than the regular fries cooked in duck fat this year. But everything else more than makes up for it. Great big cocktails. Nice, fresh bread selection. For the a la carte price at most fancier addresses on the strip, you get soup or salad, as well as vegetable and potato too. A very good value for the high quality atmosphere, service and excellent food!I'll be back!
5	Loved every bit of this experience.  Of all places, this place is in Circus Circus.  It's a totally different world as soon as you step foot into the restaurant.  The atmosphere is truly a old school steak house.  Loved it!The salad was soooo fresh!  The steak was amazing - best that I've ever had.Already made reservations to go back again in November...
1	We should have rather gone to the outback!Salad drenched in dressing,I have never paid $50 and got the worst steak ever!!  I eat at Maestros, Mortons, Flemmings and others and if I was not was guests, would have sent it back.Plates were cold, vegetables did not seem freshAll four of us agreed, never again.
4	Located in inside what appears to be the craziest indoor state fair like atmosphere of Circus Circus. That being said, once inside this meat oasis did the job. 3 of us stuffed ourselves silly with meat, sides and a few drinks for $200. Not so bad!  I competed in half ironman triathlon earlier that day and ate the whole ribeye and sides!
3	I have to believe that in order to rate a true restaurant experience, you have to take everything into consideration. Many times I have had sub-par food but everyone has an off night and service, location etc have led me to return for a better night. Having always wanted to try this steakhouse but unable to convince myself that a client dinner or romantic evening would be perfect inside Circus Circus, finally last night I had my chance. Fright Dome tickets with a steak prior.Here's the deal:1) Great Service2) Incredible black bean soup3) Nice salad4) Great shrimp app5) NY steak very juicySo how do I find fault?Cooking area that is out in the open is decades old and you see all the sides, mushroom, asparagus, sauces in pots that may be clean but just plain old looking. Electrical cords every where, the round ones like my parents used to have! Anyone who says this is best steak ever, needs to get around a little, sorry but that is the truth. Overall not a bad experience but if they are looking for my $200+ dinner for 2 they need to do a lot more. After all when it comes down to it do you really want to go through a cheap, old, smokey, Circus Circus for a romantic meal or business dinner...I don't think so!You might see me for next years Halloween and Fright Dome but other than that your on your own.But, that's just my opinion!
5	I really don't know what else can be said about this place that hasn't already been said. The best steak in Vegas, the best atmosphere and the best staff. My fourth time eating here and nothing has changed. All class every time. I missed going there one year and I felt like I missed something when I left for home. I don't see how this place gets anything less than a 5 star review. Already looking forward to next year.
5	We stayed at Circus Circus for one night last weekend, which was Halloween weekend.  Yes...the place was crazy.  Tucked inside this crazy casino is this gem of a steakhouse.  First off, the bartender made us some fantastic old-fashions.  The service throughout the night was outstanding, and they seemed to be grateful that we chose to eat there.  It feels like what Vegas should feel like.  It is dark and cozy, and we sat in a red vinyl booth.  I love how you can see the aging room and the kitchen as you walk in.  The menu is simple, and we enjoyed the porterhouse, a mashed potato, the spinach salad, and the onion soup.  The breadbasket hit the spot.  Alongside the potato came a number of toppings, including so much delicious bacon it was comical!  The spinach salad was just okay, as we would have expected the dressing on it so you get that slightly wilted effect.  The rest of the meal was outstanding, and we especially enjoyed the steak.  It was cooked perfectly, and had a nice aged flavor.  We tried very hard to finish everything, but it was a battle that we eventually lost.  It is hard to even leave a bite at the table, but in Vegas there is no place for leftovers!
5	Got the filet.  I asked for it medium rare plus.  It was cooked perfectly.  One of the best steaks I've had in Vegas.  Service was 9/10.  Don't let the smoky grungy atmosphere of circus circus deter you from a top ten Vegas steakhouse.I would definitely go back.
5	Great experience.  I took 14 people there without a reservation.  They setup a room for us, served us in an expeditious manner and the food was excellent.  I had the Ribeye with bone-in.  It was cooked perfectly, the mashed potatoes were very good and the salad was very nice.  We had a great time and with a few beers it was still only $77 per person.
4	I've been here a couple times, never had a bad experience.  This place is always packed.  Even my 1 year old daughter was welcome, and enjoyed their mashed potatoes thoroughly.  I always get the new york strip and my husband gets the t-bone.  They are both delicious.  Good salads, and soup as well.  A fine steakhouse.
4	Finding The Steakhouse is the epitome of finding a pearl in an oyster.  Excellent service, good steaks, and the ambiance is similar to what I imagine a Vegas restaurant to be 40 years ago.
4	i had the Rib eye steak , I was very good , money well spent ....
5	This is my husbands and I favorite place! This is the place we go to for every birthday and anniversary! My husband even proposed to me here! The maitre d Ron always is very nice and always remembers us and take great care of us! The steaks are unbelievable awesome! I always have the petite filet mignon and my husband has the porterhouse! Both are always perfectly cooked! For apps we get oysters on a half shelf ! We both get casears salads. I can't say enough good stuff about the this place the only thing I wish is that it was not in Circus Circus its a very long walk from valet or parking garage in heels!
4	When my cousin was in town she mentioned a good steak house at Circus Circus she wanted us all to meet at. I was curious to see that a nice steak house existed at Circus Circus so of course I wanted to check it out! It's located in a row of vendors selling jewelry, purses and Hello Kitty items. Once you go inside you are transported to a place with nice dark wood and stuffed birds...old school decor. The first thing you see when you walk in is a big slab of beef legs hanging near the hostess podium. There was even a huge lobster in there. I didn't know if that was real or not but I wouldn't mind seeing it slathered in butter, garlic and lemon juice! I started off with the French Onion soup which had a nice gooey cheese. The broth was also tasty. I had the petite fillet for $41.00 which comes with your choice of potato and vegetable. I chose the baked potato and carrots. I tasted my husband's garlic mashed potatoes and wished I ordered that instead because they were amazing! The meat here is the star because it just melts in your mouth. The sides lack excitement but they taste good. Here's a tip: If you gamble at any of the MGM hotels you can use your comps to pay for the meal. I guess Circus Circus is like a stepchild to the MGM affiliated casinos. My aunt was able to comp her meal and my cousin's meal .
5	My favorite steakhouse in Vegas.  It's almost impossible to believe this place exists within the confines of Circus Circus, which in my opinion should be imploded at the first available opportunity.  This steakhouse is simply phenomenal.  Fantastic atmosphere, amazing service, perfectly cooked food, and you don't feel like they're trying to nickel and dime you for every little thing.  On top of that, the prices are reasonable compared to the other top-quality steakhouses around.  Try it.  You'll be impressed.
2	If you have been to Mortin's, CapGrille, Mastro's etc and are expecting this to compare, expect to be sorely disappointed. Filet and lobster special. Lobster was good. Steak was a good cut but flavor was lacking. Too smoky tasting with no seasoning. Good salad but blah dressing. Service was extremely rushed. Your bill will be lower than the other steakhouses mentioned, but so will your satisfaction level. Not worth the walk through nasty Circus Circus.
5	There is no better. Pay no attention to the sixty foot clown with the red rubber nose. If you miss this, you miss Nirvana. You didn't see Las Vegas. Your life is an empty shell and you will see nothing but pitty reflected in the eyes of real Las Vegans.One of the best bartenders in town: the dude with the white hair. Tip heavy or go home. As for the waiter-never mind. He's mine mine mine. OK his first name begins with an R. Simply the best steak between here and...I forget.
2	I wanted to like this place. I wanted to be able to start a sentence with "At least The Steakhouse in Circus Circus was good..."The sides and garlic mashed potatoes were excellent and the inside was beautifully appointed in classic dark wood and leather upholstery. The waiter was friendly and very professional. The wine was a nice vintage. But the point of a steakhouse is to know what the hell you are doing with the meat.The prime rib I ordered was a hot mess. I ordered medium-well and got rare. It was a huge awkward 1.5lb piece of cow that was 3/4ths gristle and fat. I performed major surgery to liberate what turned out to be about 4oz of actual meat from the center of this disgusting hunk of beef fat and cartilage. By the time I'd finished sawing away the lard, I was thoroughly grossed out but the huge pile of fat dominating my plate and could barely eat my potatoes and what little meat I had.So when the bananas foster came for dessert and it had lumps of un-blended cooking paraffin settled at the bottom like marbles, I was ready to vomit. If you are going to make a thickened caramel sauce and use paraffin, get it to the right temperature to ensure it all blends together. Otherwise customers get a mouthful of what feels like cold grease lumps.Just disappointing. But I guess that's what happens when you eat at a place that has a huge neon clown outside, cackling its way into your nightmares.
5	2 words: wow! Awesome!
2	Everything was great except the steak.  Excellent atmosphere, very good salad and side dishes.  But the bone in ribeye was poor.  First flavor that hits you is the charcoal grill - especially if the steak has some charring.  Second a quality cut of ribeye should not have as much unmelted grizzle as this one did.  Third I requested medium to medium rare temp and it  was closer to rare but it was too busy to send back.  I didn't complain - just knew it was my last trip here.  My advice would be to spend a couple bucks on cabfare and go to Golden Steer.  Their ribeye is the best I've had in Vegas.
5	The best steakhouse, hands down. Great Atmosphere, great service, delicious prime rib and the best filet mignon I've ever tasted. I have been here several times now, and every time it is outstanding. Too bad it's in Circus Circus, but don't let that scare you away, this place is definitely worth it. I made reservations weeks in advance, and yes, they saved me a table, and I got my favorite waiter!
5	We've lived in Las Vegas for 30 years.  Although my wife is a vegetarian, she tags along while I work my way through every steak house in town.  For some reason we never made it to The Steak House until recently.  I was not expecting the experience we had.  I rarely give a five star, but this deserved it.  The steak was incredible.  I had the large cut prime rib and it melted in my mouth.  Perfectly cooked.  I had a pretty good appetite but still took half of it home.  The service, the way things were presented, the timing, the way the staff took extra care to provide my wife with a nice vegetarian meal, it was all flawless.  I know it's the Circus Circus, but this is one high class steak house.
4	You would never imagine that this excellent steakhouse exists within the most chaotic casino environment that I've ever experienced. But once you cross the threshold you're transported to a totally different place to have a very enjoyable meal.First off, I don't think the meat is "US Prime", so I took off a star. But it was awesome anyway. I'll credit their aging and cooking process. My meat was cooked precisely to my specification. I ate the whole rib eye and forgot to leave room for dessert.The prices were very reasonable, considering that they included a salad or soup. I paid a little extra for the Caesar and wasn't disappointed. We never wanted for anything at our table at any time. Finally, I must credit the fantastic bartender. Our cocktails were all strong and tasty.
5	I ate here twice in the week I was in Las Vegas.  I was shocked to learn that this was located inside circus circus, once I got over that and walked in the restaurant you forgot that you were even in that casino, the restaurant is really beautiful, a step back in time when service was top to the customer.  I thought it was such a value the second time I brought my older kids back to have a taste of what true service is.  I had the best waitress both times her name is Nancy, I will request her the next time I go back to Las Vegas
5	Best atmosphere and steak for the price in Vegas hands-down (with Herbs & Rye happy hour right up there).For many first timers, this is a place which "under promises and over-delivers" based on it's location inside a non-luxury strip property.  However when you taste the quality of the food right down to the diverse bread basket to the tuxedo styled chocolate covered strawberries, you will be surprised your check wasn't more.These steaks aren't covered with butter or spice to hide the flavor, but are dry aged and cooked on a charcoal grill right in the center of the dining area.  Portions are large and include bread, soup/salad, steak, starch and chefs vegetable.
5	My boyfriend and I are both natives to Las Vegas. We decided to celebrate our Valentine's Day over the weekend rather than during the week with all the other crazies! I made reservations for 7:30. We hit some traffic and called ahead to say that we were going to be late, the hostess was super helpful and gracious, we arrived and were seated within 10 minutes. We kicked back in the lounge until our table was ready.Our server was Nancy (the only female server in the place) and she was AMAZING. The food was to die for. I'm a filet Mignon kind of girl, my steak was cooked to perfection and the garlic mashed potatoes were the best I've had (besides my grandmother's) We had the garlic grilled shrimp for an appetizer, they were super tasty! And chocolate covered strawberries for desert. I loved the place and I can't wait to go back!. Before tip our bill ran $155.I love old vegas... This place is the epitome of old Vegas!!!
5	Best deal for great quality steak anywhere. Eat here a few times a month and it's the only Vegas steakhouse worth the price. Top Quality everything at REASONABLE prices. Best ambiance, great waiters ,great bread!
4	This is a fantastic old school steakhouse and exceptionally well priced. They have a limited menu... but what they have is done well and grilled to perfection. The second time here, proves consistency and quality with a professional and gracious wait staff. And when was the last time you had an all-inclusive meal? Each entree comes with an ample bread basket (pretzel roll, lavash, sliced nut bread and more), salad (the blue-cheese dressing was outstanding) or soup, and vegetable of the day (green beans almondine this time). The first time we were there... I had a NY steak and it was great. This time had the lamb chops and they were fantastic... crusty seasoned outside and soft as butter inside. Bottles of wine range from $28 and up... got a nice Spanish granache at $32. Don't miss it... and make reservations. We were there at 6pm and they were turning folks away.
4	Nice steakhouse. The steak is cooked to perfection and delicious. The waiters are very friendly and helpful. Everything I've tried here is delicious. Bill can get high, but the food is high quality and worth it.
2	Bone in ribeye was mediocre...no taste, tough
4	My husband and I have lived in Las Vegas now for 5 months and have heard good things about this restaurant. We came at a perfect time, we had no reservation and were lucky to be seated right away. I would highly recommend a reservation though, because as we were leaving there was a large crowd at the host stand. Service was great, and everything was served immediately. Our drinks from the bar came out right away, fresh basket of bread, and our salads too. Our steaks barely took a little bit longer. I enjoyed my bleu cheese salad very much, and my steak was very good too. My only complaint is that I ordered my steak medium, and it was more medium rare. Still very good though. My husbands only complaint was his steak had no flavor and he had to add quite a bit of salt and pepper. Other than that, I think we both enjoyed everything. All together our meal was over $100, but I don't feel the pricing was off considering the nice environment, speedy service, and quality of food.
5	In the few times I have been to Circus Circus with friends and have walked past this place I have always laughed and thought to myself what kind of idiot would eat at an "upscale" restaurant at this hotel? Well, I am the idiot for thinking that. The Steakhouse is bar far the best steakhouse I have ever been to, better than Smith and Wollensky up the strip and right up there with Mortons in Beverly Hills. The decor is awesome, it feels like you are stepping into a speakeasy in the roaring 20's. It is all dark wood, a brass fixtures. The have a glass aging room where you can see the meat being aged to what really is perfection. They also have their kitchen in the middle of the dining room so you can see the chefs work, and they do work hard, The food is amazing, from the basket of warm bread to the Caesar salad to the entree itself. I got a filet and couldn't finish it, it was that big. Unlike many of their competitors, they include the soup or salad and sides with the steak so you get a huge portion at a good price. Dessert was also huge and spectacular. Try the chocolate or cheesecake, you won't be sorry. Service was also stellar. There is always someone refilling your glass with bottled water (no charge) and we had a very nice and knowledgeable waiter. The best part of all was that while they were attentive, they did not hover. The person at the valet mentioned that the owner of Boyd casinos eats here. I can see why. Next time I am in Vegas, I will be back. P.S. Reservations are a must. The manager at the Players Club got us in, but without her, we would have missed this amazing dinner.
4	Two words.  Amazing steak.
5	I think my steak knife was dull because I had a bit of a hard time cutting through my porterhouse, but when I put the medium rare to medium hunk of meat in my mouth, I was thrilled and rewarded bite after bite.  Both sides of the steak were full of smokey taste and super tender.Undoubtedly one of the top 3 best steak experiences I've ever had.  Peter Luger being one and SW being the other...Everything else about the dinner was wonderful.  Waiter was knowledgeable, decor was "old school", sides were plentiful, nice wine selection, cost was very reasonable.  Overall a GREAT value.  Will be back and will definitely recommend!!!
5	Absolutely the best steakhouse in Vegas! And probably the best tasting steak I've had. Quite pricey, BUT worth every penny.
5	Yes... go here!!!  The ambiance, the food, the service.... top notch!  I love steakhouses and have been to many all over the country.... This is one of my favorite ones....Don't let the fact that it is inside an older casino fool you.... you will love it.
4	I have heard so many great things about this place and I finally got to try it for myself! My fiance, his friends and I went here for dinner together. I ordered the Filet with Bearnaise sauce. It was so tender and flavorful. I had asparagus and garlic mashed potatoes as my sides. I love that the steak comes with two sides. It's rare to find a nice steak house that doesn't sell the sides separately. The asparagus was just okay, but the mashed potatoes were delicious! My fiance ordered the black bean soup to start and it was pretty good. For his entree he had the Bone in Rib Eye. It was very tender, but too fatty for my taste. That's why I always stick to the Filet. We shared Tiramisu and chocolate covered strawberries for dessert. The Tiramisu was good but the strawberries were amazing. I could have eaten a dozen of them.  The service here was great. We loved the bread basket and complimentary bottled water as well. It's the little things that make or break a dining experience.
5	It's truly amazing this fine restaurant presides in the middle of chaos at Circus Circus.  This is like a diamond in the rough or like an island. Just outside are noisy kids and the proletariat.  Walking in here is such a refreshing experience.  You are treated by a classy waiter who knows how to treat a patron paying big bucks for a great steak.  The steak tastes amazing. It's probably the best I ever had and I eat a lot of steak.  I look forward to coming here again even though it's so hard to park at the circus circus hotel and casino.
5	A diamond in the rough! One of the most memorable, heavenly meals my husband and I ever had. The food was as good as any fine dining steak house in Vegas yet the prices are better. The steaks were aromatic and succulent! Our martinis were divine! Our waiter was attentive, charming, friendly and knowledgeable. We ate and drank ourselves silly. I want to go back to Vegas just to eat there again. Don't stay away just because it's in Circus Circus. I can't say enough good things about The Steakhouse.
5	I can't believe this place is actually in Circus Circus.  Circus Circus is a low-rent joint catering to parents who bring their tykes to Las Vegas.  The place is crawling with kids.But The Steakhouse is a respite from all of that.  First, it's old school elegance.  You walk in past the display cases where all the meats are hanging.  It all looked so good.  And the menu was excellent.  The bread basket had a nice variety of breads.  I had king crab legs on ice for an appetizer.  They were by far the best crab legs that I've ever had.  For entree, it was the filet mignon.  One of the best steaks that I've ever eaten.  My father had lobster tail.  Again very good.Now because it is Circus Circus, you might think this place is cheap.  It is not.  But it is worth every penny.
4	Old school Vegas steakhouse.The waiter, can't remember his name but I think it was Rick, was fantastic.  Knowledgeable and good servicing.Came with 2 friends on Tuesday night at 5:30.  Drinks specials before 6pm!  First course was house salad with honey mustard.  The dressing was a little heavily poured but good nonetheless.  For dinner, I ordered the petite filet (medium) with garlic mashed potatoes and chef's choice of vegetable (carrots)....paired with house Cab.  Meat was cooked perfectly along with the carrots.  The garlic potatoes were excellent.  Dessert was sampler of creme brulee, basically 4 small squares:  plain, strawberry, raspberry and chocolate.  If you are into steak, this place is worth a stop.  Would go again.
4	Great steakhouse. Awesome service. The only reason I'm not giving this restaurant 5 stars is because the dessert wasn't five star quality and I'm very frugal about handing out fivers. I came here with my roommate and a couple of our friends from Michigan. We got a ridiculous deal because my roommate is buddies with one of the managers, Felix. Definitely say hi to him if you visit because he will make you feel right at home. We started off with red wine and the seafood sensation appetizer. Both were fantastic. Nothing too complicated--just top notch seafood. I got the petite filet which was amazing. Great flavor, perfectly done, crispy on the outside and tender on the inside. The sides matched the quality of the steak which I can't say about the sides at Binion's Steakhouse. Desserts were OK. We ordered tiramisu, chocolate cake, and cheesecake between the four of us. We were pretty full at that point so we didn't finish everything. Best out of those three was probably the cheesecake because that's the one I remember the most. I've had better tiramisu and chocolate cake elsewhere. Overall we had a great experience and I definitely recommend it. Ambiance is old-school classy and very welcoming. Our waiter was warm, helpful, and friendly but professional at the same time. I still have so many restaurants to try in the city but I definitely want to come back here!!!
4	I checked out this place while searching for a steak on the strip that wouldn't empty my wallet.  This is the place for that! You would never think a classy feeling steakhouse would be in Circus Circus, but it is.  The steak itself was cooked perfect, the bread offerings were delicious and the desert (bananas foster) was amazing.  While the sides and some of the presentation points were less than fabulous, for the money it was a solid meal.  I recommend if you don't want to spend serious money at a high end Vegas steakhouse.
2	Went here with a group of friends and was disappointed. The atmosphere was formal but there were a couple major blunders.1) At $51 for a filet, you expect something really good. Not something with charred edges with nothing really spectacular2) One of my group is allergic to eggs and the waiter confirmed his order would be fine but then left the sauce. Someone else at the table noticed that it might have eggs and checked and the waiter confirmed it did and took it away without apologizing
5	GREAT DINNER!  We were a little apprehensive with the Circus Circus location as it is more of a 'low-rent' casino but trusted the positive rating here on yelp and are happy we did.  Everyone's meal was cooked to order and delicious (tough to do with some pretty picky eaters in the bunch, including a former steakhouse chef!)  Attentive service from start to finish and didn't break the bank on the bill.  Very reasonable for dining on the strip with that 'old-school vegas' feel.  Definitely recommend!
4	The bf and I redeemed some of the comps from the My Vegas app game and were excited that this place offered a $150 comp for dinner.  Reservations were made to air on the safe side.  The restaurant was dark when we arrived.  The meat aging room was right behind the host podium which was pretty neat.  We were seated in the lower area where we could see the grill.  This place had the steak house atmosphere, but definitely could use some redecorating, but considering it is located inside Circus Circus, we did not expect much.  Our server at first did not seem too thrilled since we had our toddler son with us, but she warmed up a bit throughout the service, especially after he behaved for most of the dinner and we left her a nice tip.  At first she had an expression that seemed to imply that she was disappointed and trying to guess if we were one of those people that would use a comp and not tip accordingly...as a former server, I have always been sensitive to this and we generally tip pretty well if the service is at least decent.  The Hispanic man who brought us our bread, beverages, cleared our tables, and packed up our leftovers did most of the work so we hoped that she shares the tips with him.  This was probably one of the best steaks we have had.  The bf ordered the Porterhouse medium well and I ordered the Ribeye medium rare, it is not every day that we are able to go to a place that actually knows how to cook steaks the way they are ordered.  The steaks are aged 21 days here and yes, we could taste the difference.  We opted for baked potatoes which came with the condiments to share on the side-sour cream, butter, chives, bacon.  Vegetables were sauteed baby carrots.  The salad was decent, but the blue cheese dressing was amazing with large chunks of blue cheese.  Our only complaint would be that the bread was cold...and to our disappointment, there were no cow-shaped butter chunks as seen in the other Yelp reviewers' pictures.  We were able to order dessert as well and the total came out to around the price of the comp.  The desserts were a bit disappointing, nothing to write home about and we will definitely do without next time.
4	Wait a minute, there's actually a good steakhouse at Circus Circus??My husband mentioned that he had heard about this place through friends and coworkers. Surprisingly, it was supposed to be pretty good. So we decided to come here on a weekday after work, hoping it would be less crowded. I was able to call 2 hours ahead of time to get a reservation. I haven't been to this hotel since I was a kid, but man this place is run down. Definitely the hang out spot for high school kids. First of all, it is very easy to miss this place. We came early and walked by without even knowing it. They are located across Market Express, between two gift shops (don't remember the names of them). We were lucky enough to get a booth. An hour later, the restaurant was filling up. I heard a couple asking one of the servers if they could sit at a booth, but were told "no" because they were "booked with reservations." Service was pretty good throughout the night. Our servers were friendly, attentive and knowledgeable. As for the food, the menu was very simple. I really like how dinner INCLUDED bread, chef's vegetables, soup or salad, and choice of baked potato, garlic mashed potatoes or wild rice. That's right, no extra charges for these sides! I ordered the Petite Filet Mignon. It was good, but unfortunately not the best that I have had. It was cooked well and easy to cut and enjoy. However, it wasn't as flavorful as I wanted it to be. I guess that was the purpose of the Bearnaise Sauce, which was alright. Usually, I don't eat my steaks with sauces. On the other hand, my husband really enjoyed his Porterhouse. We also ordered Fries Our Way, which FYI, is fries cooked in duck fat. It was nice and crunchy on the outside, but tasted like regular fries to me! For dessert, we shared the Tiramisu. Out server said that they had "the best one in town." Not so sure about that, LOL, but I thought it was still good and not too sweet. Although, I feel like they were a bit stingy with the lady fingers. Overall, it was a good dinner, so I would definitely consider returning again. They also give you a bunch of Andes after you pay your bill!
2	I only went to this restaurant based off of the reviews it had been given.  I went in with an open mind as I dont mind the building of a restaurant.  But this was way over-rated by many!!  The steak had absolutely no taste whatsoever.  The service was very mediocre.  Our waiter came by with the dessert tray and showed us the desserts and kept walking with the tray.  He never asked us if we wanted to order one, and quickly returned with our check.  I have eaten at some of the best restaurants in Vegas and this was very bad.  Just to list some others that I have been to....Gordan Ramsey Steak, Hugo's Cellar, Maestros, Cut, Stripsteak.   Any of these I listed blow this one out of the water.  I am not sure if the people reviewing this are not fine dining experienced, but their reviews are very deceiving!!  Trust me there are hundreds of better options in Vegas for the same amount of money and you dont have to step foot in Circus Circus.
5	Yes, it is unbelievable that this fantastic steak house is located in  Circus Circus. The food- from the oysters- to steak- crab legs & desert was great. Our server was Michael and he was so funny and charming it really knocked our experience out of the park!  As we arrived we saw a crew and cameras because Michael was receiving a 2013 Hospitality Hero Award. We shall return!
5	This was recommended to us by our God son and his fiancee.  The server was super friendly and very excited for us when he found out that we were celebrating our 23rd wedding anniversary. I ordered a prime rib....when the server set it in front of me I was speechless... it was 3 fingers thick and weighed 32 oz.  It came with garlic mashed potatoes and carrots.  Let me tell you I had a tiny taste of the potatoes which were delicious, and ate over half my Prime rib...yes I know what you're thinking "FATTY" I agree but it just melted in my mouth and couldn't help myself.My husband had a rib eye steak, no where near the size of mine...his was only 27 oz but just as delicious.
5	This place is a great hidden gem. I found this place reading reviews on some other restaurants on the strip, I assumed the first couple were just people who got paid to make positive reviews, but I read on. Everyone is right, this is where all the locals go, and for good reason.I made reservations with my wife on a Thursday evening and I would definitely recommend the reservations. The first thing you get is the bread. I think they give you 6 different kinds of breads all in one basket, so good. We started out with the sauteed mushrooms, a great choice. At $9, it's the cheapest thing on the menu and boy is it worth it. They split it up for us without us even asking and the mushrooms filled 2 bowls. Honestly, they could've been a meal in itself. I ordered the bone-in rib eye medium rare and my wife ordered the filet the same. At the time, they were running an anniversary special and the filet was only $39 instead of the usual $51. The sides that come with the steaks were huge. In fact, the next time I go I'll be sharing the rib eye with my wife and paying the $10 shared plate fee to get the extra sides. Their wine selection is great as well.The only downside is it's in circus circus, so that means you have to park and walk through a terrible hotel, I'm sure there's a valet you could use in the front, I just didn't use it. Either way, it wouldn't be fair to detract from the restaurant's rating. Not only is this place better than any other place I've eaten on the strip, it's cheaper and includes all the sides. I forgot to mention the water comes from bottles your waiter pours you, it's the little things. 5 stars
5	This highly acclaimed restaurant has been a frequent Best of Las Vegas recipient over its 31 years of existence. It is noted for serving dry aged beef from an in-house cooler located near the entrance to the dining room.  After reviewing the wine list and estimating our final bill, I selected a bottle of Rosemont Estate Shiraz. This $32 bottle of wine, featuring a twist off top, retails for approximately $8, but proved to be an upgrade from what we have been .We started off with a grilled shrimp appetizer that included a delicious garlic butter sauce. Dinners include a basket of bread and house salads.  The bread was warm and the salads fresh and flavorful.We each chose the petite filet mignon that was perfectly cooked to medium rare as requested and accompanied by an impressive amount of garlic mashed potatoes plus several baby carrots. We doggie bagged a single slice of chocolate mousse cake.   Our food was excellent and the service throughout the evening was seamless. The final bill came in just $3 short of our $150 comp.
5	Gotta Love the Steakhouse. A Vegas tradition. Great food,old school style. NEVER a complaint in all the times Ive been.Ask for Michael,a great waiter with so much knowledge of wine and Vegas.Why go to all the fancy new spots when this remains one of the best!
2	This place used to be a hidden gem worth blazing the gauntlet that is the tacky and sad Circus Circus. Alas....no more. I will never brave the trek to the NO longer best of Vegas. Filets were so poor in quality that they tasted slightly mealy as if they had been doused with tenderizer too early. Nothing was worthy of mention. So sad to say good bye, but I must.
4	I was in town this past weekend with my son and four of his groomsman for his bachelor party.  We needed a steak and found this place here on Yelp.  After the mostly very positive reviews, we decided to go.  Circus Circus.  What can I say.  Wayyyy past its prime.  But nicely hidden, so much so that if you're not really looking you will miss it, is The Steakhouse.  What a nice surprise.  This is a throwback to the old school style steakhouse which my son and I totally love.  Dark wood, cozy surroundings etc.  I was looking for the Rat Pack. (Frank, Dino, Sammy)  You walk right past the grill area when you are seated and we had a table where we could watch the guys cooking the steaks.  Kind of neat.   Just a great atmosphere for eating a steak dinner with friends.We were greeted by our waiter, Ray, promptly.  I mentioned the bachelor party thing and he immediately lit up and was engaged in making our time a good one.  He is a veteran of the game and knew just how to take care of us.  Drinks and food were ordered and away we went.Where they stumbled was with the food.  Drinks were great, salads were very good.  But 3 of us had ordered steak medium rare and received medium well.  Also, I ordered a lobster tail with my ribeye and the tail was raw on the inside.  BUT our man Ray handled the situation professionally which is to say with no comment other than a sincere apology and the offer to redo the meals which we accepted.  Unfortunately, a few minute later, a runner came out with my lobster tail which had clearly been nuked in the microwave.  All shriveled up and steaming.  Ray was nearby and I flagged him down and he was aghast.  The ruined tail was taken away no questions asked.  We a were offered a round of free cocktails while we waited and it was a bachelor party so....Way to go Ray.Unfortunately our 3 friends were done with their meals when our redone meals arrived.  But they arrived completely fresh and perfectly done.   No recycled veggies etc.  In the end we all had terrific meals and were completely satisfied.But again, the fantastic Ray then offers unsolicited our choice of free dessert or an after dinner drink of our choice.  Again, being it was a bachelor party....We all had generous shots of a nice high end bourbon for "dessert."So even though there were a few hiccups, the staff handled them very well and we were completely satisfied.  And at a price that was about half of what we would have paid at one of the more notable places like Gordon Ramsey's at the Paris. A great time was had by all.Thanks Ray.
5	This place hasn't changed, and I'm glad for that.  You know you are in an old school steakhouse when you eat here, and there aren't too many places like it left in Vegas, at least on the strip there aren't.  The food and the service are great, and its a very good value.  You could do a lot worse.
2	The decor was very nice, the salads were 5 star, the steaks were a major disappointment for everyone that ordered steak- the problem? NO SEASONING! The meat used was of high quality, but they completely ruined it by not flavoring the steaks,, they didn't care, nor do I care to eat here ever again.
4	Love the place, but wished it was somewhere else.  The place has a very old school vegas feel to it (dim light, maroon leather booths, green walls - very intimate!!).  Food was fantastic, service was spectacular, and wine selection was outstanding.  A classic vegas place that is a must check out to have a vintage vegas experience.  Dont let the fact that it is in Circus Circus dissuade you.  It is definitely worth the trip!
5	Hidden Gem inside of the Circus Circus. Have been going to LV for years and wouldn't expect more than a crappy hotdog from the Circus Circus. Excellent meal and a fair price. Also be sure to take advantage of the 2 for $8 big beers for your walk back to the strip!!Mandy, you were right and I was wrong!
5	Simply awesome. You would not expect that circus circus could hold such a gem. Great food and great environment. Service was perfect. Our filets were cooked perfect and coupled with the Johnnie Blue, made a great meal. Highly recommend it.
4	The Steakhouse at Circus Circus was a surprisingly good time! I typically do not like that casino but when I went to Vegas alone in May, 2013 I decided that the reviews for this place were good enough for me to give it a try. It was definitely a good decision.Service: The service was great and I had a very attentive waiter. Not much else I can say there. I decided to hit the bar for another drink before I left and we wound up talking about the Midwest area where he and I both grew up. Nice guy!Food: The food was awesome! I got the Prime Rib and mushrooms. I'm getting hungry thinking about it. I finished the Prime Rib but couldn't finish everything else by myself. I ordered it medium and it came medium and everything was just as I ordered.Ambiance: This was really the only small flaw in the whole experience. The place was very dark and moody. Usually, that isn't a bad thing (like, on a date) but even then I would feel that some more natural light in the place would make it better. It was still a very comfortable experience, though, I do also wish that eating at the bar was an option. At a different steakhouse in Vegas the ambiance was awesome with leather seats, nice lighting, good balance of sound, and great food.I would overall recommend eating here if you are in Vegas! One of the best food places I've had in a while.
5	I was a serious fan of the lamb chops I got here. butterflied, cooked medium-well, serviced with their garlic mash.I'm drooling just thinking about it. I can't talk about the steak since I didn't have any, but man, were those some REALLY good lamb chops.
5	Loved it. Steaks were delicious and perfectly cooked, in a little oasis in the craziness that is Circus Circus. Had the petit filet with mashed potatoes and veg; this is old school food. No fusion anything here, and it's done beautifully.  Wouldn't have been the least bit surprised if the Godfather himself were seated in one of the booths; the decor is for reals authentic steak house.
5	Legit steakhouse. Dark wood paneling, dim lights, Frank Sinatra singing in the background, smells like grilling meat, can see flames from my dark cherry leather booth. Keep expecting a fedora wearing mobster to be seated in the booth next to us. Awesome food. Price included huge salad and sides. Worth the money. Well done circus circus.
4	Note: Restaurant Week August 2013Brad "Mr. International" T. & I decided to come here because this was something he has always wanted to try. Also, we needed some red meat after not eating any red meat for 3 months! I was hungry for some good steak! Courses. First course: Caesar Salad - (2.5)It tasted like any other caesar salad and it wasn't something that I was impressed by, I could have made a better caesar salad. Second Course: Filet Oscar -  Mesquite Grilled Petite Filet Mignon Topped With Alaskan King Crab Meat, Asparagus And Hollandaise Sauce.  With a side of loaded baked potato  (3.8)I was super excited to try it and have some good steak! I ordered my filet medium rare & maybe I should have asked for it to be rare instead. It was a bit overcooked, but it still tasted great!  However, I wasn't a big fan of the hollandaise sauce. :( It was way to creamy for me or maybe I just dont like hollandaise sauce at all.  The carb meat tasted delicious. I loved it so much! The loaded baked potato was simple and ordinary.  They  put all the sour cream, butter, bacon, and chives on another plate.  Which was pretty cool because you determine how much you want on your baked potato.  Dessert: There was a variety of desserts that you can choose from. Yay! From the choices I remembered there were creme brulee, another type of creme brulee, banana foster in a martini glass, chocolate cake with raspberry, and a few others.Brad T. got the banana foster and I got the chocolate cake with fresh raspberry! Banana Foster in a martini glass (5) It tasted amazing, THE BEST banana foster crepe-like I had ever had.  It was perfection! My chocolate cake with fresh raspberries (4): It was very moist and I loved the raspberries.Service (5): They were amazing and always filling your drinks, checking up on you,and professional!  Atmosphere (4): very old-school vegas, with the red leather seats/booths, but I really liked it. They had deer heads mounted on the walls, but good thing there wasn't too many of them, then that would be over-kill.  I remember counting only 2, but then I realized there was another section of the restaurant.  Great place, great service, and great food!
2	Was recommended by a local as the best place for steak in Vegas.  Service was great but food was marginal at best. I would not go back.
2	FAMOUS FOR:- SteaksBUZZ- Prime RibI TRIED- French Onion Soup (7/10)- Bone In Rib Eye (2/10)- Sauteed Mushrooms (5/10)I was once on a flight and saw that someone had left a Robb Report magazine in seat back pocket. I flipped through it and saw it had listed the 7 best steakhouses in Vegas, and I was astonished when it even mentioned Circus Circus. I mean, what is actually redeemable from that decrepit place? I read on to find out it actually won some kind of award saying it's the best steakhouse in all of Vegas. Wait... WHAT? Come again? Circus Circus...THE Circus Circus? The Circus Circus that's way off the strip, and has thousands of smelly kids (and adults) swarming and mobbing all over the lobby, the taxi lines, and hallways? THAT Circus Circus has the best steak? No F-ing Way! For a few years, I've been wanting to go, but probably in the 5 times I've been to Vegas since reading that article, nobody wanted to go. This time, I finally got the chance!The menu is very simple. They have quite a few seafood options like crab legs, oysters, lobster tail, etc., but at a place called "The Steakhouse," I feel like those are sort of obligatory menu items. No idea how they taste. Pretty much the menu is STEAK, and very few appetizer and side offerings. Asparagus? No. Creamed spinach or corn? Nope. Mac & Cheese? Psh! As if! They got seafood accompaniments and sauteed mushrooms. Period. So...pretty limited choices.All the steaks I've had in Vegas have been decent, but not all that great. I'd prefer Morton's to SW, Carenvino, Delmonico, Cut, GR Steak, and I'm sure I'm missing a couple others. I was actually hoping Circus Circus wasn't good, because if it was good, that means we may need to make trips out this way to have steak from now on. Well..FRENCH ONION SOUPNot my normal appetizer, but considering the limited choices, the only one that made sense. It was pretty decent. Presentation was kinda cool, bowl served on a plate with some extra croutons and cheese shreds in cute little heaps. Seasoned well, onions were cooked well. It was probably what I'd call textbook French Onion Soup. It was good, but nothing really made it unique or special. It was just good French Onion Soup.RIBEYEHere goes. It's presented ok. The cost of the steak comes with your choice of potato. The steak looked healthy - decent spots of char all over. I start cutting a piece, and ended up finding that about 30% of my piece was fat. The fat is the most seasoned part of the steak, and also pretty delicious. Normally I cut it off, but hey, Vegas! It's the most seasoned part of the steak, so this bite should have been stellar...but...no. In fact, there was hardly any seasoning at all!You couldn't even fathom my disappointment! If there was any kind of special mesquite flavoring, I didn't find it. The meat was decently tender, and I can't really complain about any of its technical aspects (i.e. medium rare was just as I asked), but the taste was just so BORING! Nothing inspiring, nothing savory, nothing...good! It was bad! I mean, there was nothing going on with this! It's not like "no news is good news." With steak, "no news is the worst possible news!" I had to restrain myself from asking for A1, but I did end up sprinkling some salt on it. It did make it taste better but anytime you add salt after the fact, it doesn't taste right. I was so disappointed I probably left 1/3 of it. I was taking scoops of mashed potatoes with each steak bite, to try to add seasoning somehow. I tried everything. Nothing worked. It just gave up!It was a pretty bad steak...not the worst I've ever had, but definitely the worst $50 steak I've ever had. MUSHROOMSWell, certainly better than the steak, and while tasting halfway decent, it wasn't anything special. If I went to TGI Friday's or Outback or Chili's and got this batch of sauteed mushrooms, I'd have found it fitting, but if I paid $7 for them (and it was a pretty small batch), I'd like something with a little more creativity! INDIANA JONES & THE STEAKHOUSE OF DOOMI was really, really upset! I mean, even though it was free (company paid), which should make it taste even better, I couldn't believe what a waste of money this place was. Considering the $20-$30 roundtrip cab ride and having to swim through a roaring (and smelly) sea of children and parents for about a mile (exaggerating), there's more at "steak" here (see what I did there?). Either A) the reviewers were all full of sh*t, or B) We got the C- cooks, because I can't imagine how an establishment like this could have gotten high marks anywhere. Thankfully, I now know, I don't EVER have to go to Circus Circus again! If you're a curious person like me, then you probably do need to go here, just to say that you've tried it and conquered it. Otherwise, if you're solely on a mission to try actually good food. Skip this place!
5	My goodness the people everything was just amazing the service was just incredible let alone the food wow!! If I can give more stars I would
5	When you think steak house you think fancy well maintained but then when you here this address you think what circus circus top 3 in the worst of vegas category! Getouttahere!But after many years and many many recommendations I finally made the schlep over and now I am kicking myself for eating anywhere else in vegas for a steak. First off you can see how they cook the steaks when you walk in and they are char cooked so if you don't realize that your an idiot and are wrong sorry.Next the hospitality was bar none might have been the greatest experience in a restaurant in my life. Our waiter was amazing! I was going to order a caprese salad and he told me dont worry about it cause you get a salad with your steak I was still going to do it cause I wanted mozzerella and he brought some out for free without asking so I could have my meal the way i wanted it.For app we had the shrimp cocktail. Beautifully plated baby arm sized shrimp and he knew we were sharing so he brought them out on seperate plates already for us with our own lemons and cocktail sauce. Afterwards he came back and chatted with us about NY and the history of the restaurant among other things. Extremely knowledgeable and all around great guy.Our steaks were cooked perfectly and he even went and found me some fresh ground horseradish for my steak to top it with. I can't wait to get to vegas to come back here worth a trip by itself and this time I am definitely getting the prime rib!side note first time I ever tipped 30-40% in my life
2	Inside Circus CircusFrom being rewarded to their pretty good rating I'm led to believe that we descended upon this restaurant on a really really bad night. I'll explain why in a moment...The first thing I'll highlight is how reminded you will be that you're in a steakhouse... from all the Cow Decor, to the smell of the cooking beef wafting through the air, to the kitchen being smack dab in the middle of the dining room, to the various cuts of beef being hung on display. Honestly not one bit of this impressed me, but I was still optimistic because of their reputation. The place looks very dated and although it may have been really classy at one point... it just hasn't been long enough to give off a classic or vintage vibe.Other than maybe the deserts you'll see that the presentation is pretty consistent with most other steakhouses...absent if you know what I mean. I feel like one should be able to dine with their eyes as well... you know... involve all of one's senses.We all started off by sharing their complimentary bread: http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/the-steakhouse-las-vegas-2?selected=h_saFHn_RCOk3QTUSLttpA#hnwoRKQPYrn_Sk1XKgOo3w which wasn't bad and served as a pretty good precursor to our impending meal.I then had a bowl of their famous Bean Soup: http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/the-steakhouse-las-vegas-2?selected=h_saFHn_RCOk3QTUSLttpA#8udUmTWVy5eHpBH03i56Eg I freaking love soup and this one was a very good example of a more rare soup that is available. I really enjoyed this and now really looked forward to my main entree in the form of...Their Bone-In Ribeye: http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/the-steakhouse-las-vegas-2?selected=h_saFHn_RCOk3QTUSLttpA#Y94ctMW52aSx_LHDxA2Z8g Now I'm fully aware they are more known for their Prime Rib, but not only am I not as big a fan of PR, but I just prefer the cut of a BIR and its wonderful marbling and flavor it normally possesses. I say normally because this place managed to deliver a steak that was devoid of flavor and just straight up tedious. I did appreciate the fact that my steak was cooked to my requested temperature of "Medium-Rare." It had some pretty nice grill marks on the outside and was fairly tender. The sides of green beans and baked potato were "ok" at best... again nothing fancy. Normally I would never crave Steak Sauce at a Steakhouse or Chophouse, but found myself wishing I had brought some in an attempt to wake this poor excuse for a piece of meat up! They managed to kill this poor cow twice!To finish off this meal I felt like I needed something with flavor to make up for what I just consumed so I ordered their Tiramisu: http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/the-steakhouse-las-vegas-2?selected=h_saFHn_RCOk3QTUSLttpA#6DxGHudL6bhm0iwmePOzaQ which thank goodness was yet another spike up in the graph so to speak. This nice piece of Italian Cake was perfect in every way. it seriously had a nice balance of flavors, textures, colors, that were all rounded out to a beautiful presentation.Service while kind was pretty forgettable. Our server did a really good job of conveying the fact that this was a job and any cordiality was more out of obligation.There is plenty of parking at Circus Circus.On this night we had received an experience that was totally reflective of the hotel it so comfortably sits in (also affectionately referred to as the "Shits Carlton.)I'm not ready to completely write this place off just yet... I just won't be rushing back with all of the great options in Lost Wages.
5	It was a secret spot for those in the know.  Then the Robb Report listed it as one of the top steakhouses and Zagat claimed it was the top on in LV.  Sigh.  I still go though it is no longer a secret.
5	So the main reason I chose to dine at The Steakhouse in the somewhat dingy and now old Circus Circus hotel was due to a very strong recommendation from one of my clients who insisted that this is the place to have some delicious meat--prime rib or steak.  At first, I thought to myself--this place is at the Circus Circus--am I going to fear for the worst?  I gave thought so many times should I or should I not go for a visit...and well, I read so many reviews on Yelp, and decided what the heck--it won't hurt to take my friends out for dinner there. So this was our third day in Vegas, and we had just completed an adventurous part of the day earlier that afternoon--found a fedora hat for our friend's wedding ceremony, went to the Gun Store to go shoot some machine guns, and now, it was time to get back to the hotel to savor some great food, as I was highly expecting of.Got dressed up to the dinner, even though yes, it is at the Circus Circus.  It's one of those occasions you just don't want to dress down, and even though Vegas is quite acceptable with any type of attire, clubbing and formal dinners should be dressed to the nines, in my opinion.We got dressed quickly, and drove out to Circus Circus.  Quite honestly, it used to be a dump, and it hasn't changed much~!  Well, parking wasn't so bad; easier than what I was expecting of.  As we walked into the casino area, the hotel really shows its age, however at the same time, it bought back a lot of memories from when I was a child, when my parents brought me there to play in the arcade, and watch the circus show.The Steakhouse is hidden in this little area in the middle of the shopping galley, and as soon as you walk into the restaurant, the vibe is very classy Vegas-style.We were welcomed by the restaurant's manager, Ron, who was very cordial, and friendly.  Because the manager and my client from work are great friends, we received even greater, and exceptional service.  Sat down at the booth, and the bread came.  Wow~!! It's ridiculously delicious.  We were offered bottle of wine, though we opted because we didn't want to get hammered.  Instead, we proceeded to order from the menu.  My two friends ordered the Porterhouse steak, while I ordered the prime rib.  Talk about portions--wow--it's huge!  My meal came with rice pilaf, and vegetables.  Trust me--I was barely able to finish my dinner.  The prime rib meat was so tender--and the light sauce was just right--not too rich, nor too salty.  It was beyond delicious, and for this dinner, I wasn't looking to dine out all big and fancy on the strip.  I really wanted something genuinely delicious, and this place hit the spot.  Besides the food, the service is just phenomenal.  I'd have to say the service is quite etiquette to the nines.  I left this restaurant thinking that it was by far the best meal I've ever had in Vegas.  You definitely get for what you paid, and because it was my friend's bachelor party, I picked up the tab, but no dollar amount should be compared to the food that's served here--it was just so well worth it.  Trust me--I've been to Vegas more than you can count, and yes, by far, this place is now on the top of my list!Overall grade: A+
5	Don't be fooled by the Circus Circus Hotel. This restaurant is delicious and has a cool vibe.
4	THE Steakhouse in Circus Circus is true sleeper pick. Only the foodies and locals in the know, can look past the "clientele" that Circus Circus attracts in order to find one of the best Steakhouses in all of Nevada (yeah. I went there). Service: Always top notch. These waiters are old school and professional. They know how to give you your space while at the same time remain attentive. Always kept our water full (with their own branded water! Free of charge, no need to pay for some fancy pants Euro piss). Drinks:Solid. They know how to make a solid Martini and other various old school drinks. They didnt know how to make my wifes French Martini, but gladly comped us a free drink for having to ask whats in it (and they did make it right). Food:I loved every portion and the food was presented nicely and on-time and perfectly paced.Salad: The house made dressing and all the fixings were yummy. Bread: Pretzel bread. Cow shaped butter. Enough said. Steaks: I have had their ribeye. Cooked perfectly. Both amazing in cut and flavor. Is this some USDA Prime dry aged marbled beast? Not sure. But that wood grilled mesquite makes these steaks mighty darn tasty.Dessert:Pretty solid. Basic usual suspects. Cheesecake, Ice Cream, Pie, Brownie.Atmosphere:Classic steakhouse. Wood booths and green Leather. Pictures of Various Bulls, Cows, and Steers adorn the wall. Love it. Do yourself a favor and check this place out!
4	We are tough raters, and THE Steakhouse was an old school experience with excellent steaks, ambiance, and amazingly friendly service.  We sat underneath the stuffed peacock with a full view of the butcher table and grill.  Great adjacent cocktails room where we had the best made cocktails before our 9:15 pm reservation. Everyone in Vegas calls Circus Circus a dump, but this place is worth getting dressed up and experiencing on a date or with friends.  It could be improved by having a live Bass or musician of some sort; live music, subtly done, would round out this spot.  Service was best inVegas.
5	Third review ......same as the last few. Still the best. The quality is still top notch. Service and atmosphere A+. You really can't do any better than this place. Would love to add a extra star !
5	Delicious steaks and salads.  The bread is so good but make sure you save room.  If you eat here once, you will want to return on every visit to Las Vegas.
5	(Dined 2-14-2013, thought I already posted) My husband and I just finished our "Valentines Day" dinner tonight,  Saturday evening. He was very excited about the surprise dinner he planned stating they had great reviews and is always listed as a top Steakhouse. Neither of us had dined here before. We arrived to The Steakhouse after walking through The Circus Circus to find a surprising setting and ambiance. We were greeted by the manager and immediately walked to our booth after giving our reservation info. The manager actually turned the table sideways so I could slide in and moved it back after we sat! Being 6 months pregnant I found it unexpected and greatly appreciated. The menu was old school, straight forward and genuine. We both ordered the bone-in prime rib. It was a Flintstones sized cut! Delicious. For dessert we got 2 orders of the chocolate covered strawberries because the first was so sweet.But, the kicker, the icing on the cake, what really made the entire evening special, unique and tailored to us was Javier's top notch attention and service!! He was friendly, pleasant and engaging. He spoke to us about our soon to be baby girl being that it was our first child and told us about his family and related. He was absolutely amazing and definitely made the evening memorable. My husband and I enjoyed our first Valentines as a married couple because of the experience at The Steakhouse!
3	We had friends visiting from Seattle who love Vegas and had heard this place was great and wanted to go try it. I hadn't heard much about it as a Vegas local but was hoping for the best.  4 stars for the ambiance its that old red leather dark Mobby Italian renaissance decor that makes you yearn for the Vegas of the past.4 stars also for the wait staff who is professional and hard working and striving to make sure you never have an empty glass and just the perfect amount of banter.Ok now for the bad news, the food was only 2 stars.While there we had: The Spinach Salad with hot bacon dressing - this was nothing special definitely more deserving to be highlighted at a mid market family restaurant.The Chopped Salad- decent but again nothing special.Petite Filet w garlic mashed and green beans- Sorry can't use the words great to describe it . The green beans were the standout.Porterhouse- Not cooked correctly filet Ok but other side tough and overcooked which in my mind is completely ridiculous for a steak house where you are paying 50 plus for a steak.Desserts- looked good but frankly after being underwhelmed by  dinner didn't take the plunge.Final issue, was when we were done we were at the CIrcus Circus not anywhere to grab a quiet after drink. except the bar in restaurant
4	Wow wow wow! !!  The only thing is that to make it completely old steakhouse would be to add the relish dish in the beginning.  Just saying.
5	Great food, excellent service. I heard from friends about their delicious steaks, so I decided to go and check with clients of mine, after closing of successful deal to go there. They liked so much -the environment, the food, the service. I am pretty sure that I will visit this place again, and again.
5	I came here a few years ago 'cause my best friend at the time recommended this placed based on the best Frech Onion soup ever.....he was right, this soup was so amazing. It is slightly upscale-ish, however, accessible for everyone. Staff were really professional and nice. It is $$$ but you do get what you pay for. If you're a foodie I do recommend coming here.
5	The filet was awesome! It was perfectly cooked medium rare which is hard for a filet cut. The staff was very attentive and our food came out fast which was great.
4	This was the first time I had stepped foot in Circus Circus since The Adventure Dome opened when I was 15 years old.  I didn't have a reason to come back, except to try The Steakhouse, which had been bookmarked for awhile, but since I'm not a steak aficionado, it had been put on the back burner. We were seated at the bar for a glass of wine before dinner, our bartender was as old as the building, and I loved it. The decor was straight out of the 80's complete with floral walls, silk flowers and old wood paneling. We were seated in a corner booth, and to continue with the 80's theme, the booth was a lovely maroon color, contrast with the bookshelves above us. This is old school Vegas....not too cheesy. Bread basket was amazing, full of pretzel rolls (my favorite) and several different types of crackers and dinner rolls. I ordered the Petit Filet medium well, it was delicious. Perfect cut and temperature. What was amazing about this is, your dinner comes with vegetables AND choice of soup or salad, garlic mashed potatoes, rice or baked potato. All of this for $47. This isn't your typical a la carte steak house where your sides will run $10 each. Our server was great, what I noticed was, they leave you alone! Thank you! I don't need you to ask me every 2 minutes when I have a mouthful of food, if I'm ok. They deliver your food, and let you be. For the price, you seriously can't go wrong. Good quality food, great service without a celebrity chef name attached or any pretentious people.
5	Really OLD SCHOOL vegas here in the ever getting worse Circus Circus hotel the Steakhouse brings back that old Vegas feel.  Can't believe this place is in this location as if it was anywhere else forget about it.   It was however packed on this Friday night. Arrive early to our 8PM reservation and have a drink in the bar where generous pours are offered. A View of the meat locker where they 21 day age their "CHOICE" not Prime steak is interesting as all cuts are done on premise.  The 18 lb Nova Scotia lobster sitting in the window is also a must see. Finally seated at nice table "CHAE" our waiter who has been there 29 years takes care of us all evening. Start with 2 Jumbo Shrimp Cocktail each $40.00 for 8 pieces brilliantly displayed with ice, lemon and mayo & cocktail sauce with Atomic pure horse radish on the side.  Delicious shrimp. All entrees include soup or salad,  choice of Garlic mashed, baked potatoe, or wild rice and vegetables. Salads were ice cold with crumbled blue cheese dressing.  Very nice presentation with fresh lettuce and vegetables. Entrees:Giant Fred Flintstone Bone in Prime Rib that was absolutely mouth watering. The Giant Filet Mignon & Bone In Rib Eye were  good while  the NY Strip was like the prime rib Standouts.Garlic mashed were excellent while baked potatoe was average. Cheesecake and chocolate mousse cake for desert were excellent as well. Service some of the best I've seen and price points for food consumed incredible.  Manager Ron Randazzo stopped by to say hello and chat with us after our meal.  Certainly on my surprise places in Vegas and a must go for any traveler. really a treat.
5	dont be scared away by the circus circus walkthrough.. most amazing filet i have ever eaten. i could have torn it apart with my fingers like it was white bread if i had the restaurant to myself. the oysters king crab and shrimp cocktail were also perfect. biggest shrimp cocktail ive ever had. also amazing ambiance, super old school.. wish this place was in cali id be there for every special dinner.
4	Incredible! My husband and I went there about a week ago and it was everything but bad. I had the filet mignon with their mash potatoes and it was literally the best quality meat I've had so far. All the employees were very friendly and accommodating as well. Though the second time we went in the hostess was a little rude. I'm willing to put that behind me cause the food is to die for!
5	Went to Vegas Thanksgiving week and this was the highlight of our trip. I've been to a seafood buffet, which was very good, Italian restaurants, cheap eats, etc. and I must say this was the best place I went to. A large Portehouse steak, just enough marbling, luscious and juicy. No frills meal; great sides, included. Hostess was an attractive slim woman with a Central European accent; my guess is Czech. She was very nice and fast with the service. Wait staff also equally professional, kind, and alert. Prices were honest and not just to pay for a fancy place or to fatten a celebrity chefs wallet. I have a beef with these celeb. chefs. What do they do? They cook. They claim it is art. BS. Art survives the test of time; their "art" won't survive anyone's bite. So I really am not nor will not make any Gordon Ramsay, Collichio, Battali, whatever whatever any richer for their overpriced meat and preparations. I also hate it when they put down people on their shows, that's why. Any person can cook, maybe not be a chef, but anyone can cook. But not everyone can fly a plane. Or perform surgery. Or design a skyscraper. So you high priced Vegas chefs you can stuff it, this place will kick your behinds any day as far as taste, presentation, value, and overall experience.
4	Hit this restaurant every year on the annual trip to Vegas.  One thing is for certain... you will not leave this place hungry.  A bread basket is delivered to your table upon seating and all dinners come with a salad and potato...very good portions.  Ordered the prime rib on the last visit - perfectly seasoned and they understand what "medium" means.Service is consistently solid - very attentive without being obtrusive.  This restaurant is "tucked away" off the beaten path but the word is out...would definitely recommend making reservations ahead of time.
5	OMG the food was so good. What an awesome place. Steak was cooked perfectly. THe prices arent priced to high, very reasonable. I will definetly be coming here everytime I visit Vegas. My server was Mitch, he was awesome. Ask for him if you decide to try this place out.
5	Seen the tips and kinda drove out of the way to find. Such a great place, kinda of pricey. But food and service is worth it. Walking in seeing pictures of cows,kinda seems cheesy.Until to you see the glass age room, where all the meat is kept. Then you smell they cook over a live wood burning grill. They went out of their way to squeeze us in,and from then on. Service was great. Like the fact that its pricey without being snobby.Real layed back and comfortable vibe.We'll be back there everytime we make to Vegas now.
5	My first time here after hearing rave reviews for years but not wanting to go to circus circus. This place totally exceeded my expectations. Wait staff was extremely friendly and knowledgable . Food was amazing . I ordered the bone in rib eye & my man friend ordered the filet. The filet was pretty good, but the rib eye was spectacular! Soooo tender and juicy. And they did med rare just right! For dessert we had choc cake and coffee. Overall very impressed with the ambiance, staff, and food.
4	Wow....who'd a thunk it?  A great steakhouse in the middle of Circus Circus.  I don't think the hubby understood the depth of my concern when he recommended we try this place. But then, he's never been in Circus Circus.  I, of course, took him up to the Midway, so he could get a good feel for the place.  With his nerves shattered, the ice-cold perfectly constructed martini we were served once seated was much appreciated.  As were the perfectly cooked, humongoid steaks.  I preferred his ribeye to my porterhouse - his steak was thicker and had a much better sear on it.  Both cost about $50 with salad/soup and potato included.  Corkage was only $20 - so the damage to our considerably lightened wallets was minimal.
5	All I have to say is this is A pretty good steakhouse and  they also have great customer service.  I would never thought about going to a steakhouse in circus circus but that proves Don't judge a book by its cover. I will go back.
4	Not only is the food delicious, but the value is outrageous. When was the last time you ate at a higher end steak house (not Outback folks) that included soup or salad and choice of potato? Enough said! If you're like me, then you've dined at many of the Vegas steak houses: N9NE, Strip House, Morton's, Delmonico's, etc. One thing is consistent among all of them - sides are sold ala carte. Not at The Steak House. Here, your $60 dollar steak includes choice of black bean soup (french onion for an extra charge) or salad and choice of potato. The black bean soup was accompanied by sherry wine and red onions. The explosion of flavors after adding the sherry and onions was fabulous! Their black bean soup definitely gives Georges "famous black bean soup" in La Jolla, CA a run for its money. I ordered the 12 oz filet butterflied. I regretted not ordering the 9 oz after eating one too many bites of the black bean soup. That said, the filet was delicious. I also got to taste the bone in ribeye. My oh my was that fantastic! The service was wonderful. They wait on you hand & foot and your glass will never be empty. The best part - the food comes out fast. Why only 4 stars? My garlic mashed potatoes were absolutely divine, however, they were served cold. I like my food piping hot. Not a problem, they quickly resolved the problem. Also, the restaurant was way too dark, making it difficult to read the menu let alone try to eat your food. It could also stand to be updated, but, then again, it is in Circus Circus.Overall, I had a fantastic dining experience. I will definitely return, and I highly recommend it.Bravo The Steak house! Well done.
4	Everything but location.Is the food as good as what you would get at a top tier steakhouse? No. But it's good enough that you probably won't mind. The prices for steak are basically the same as the prices at a top tier steakhouse, but they come with potato and vegetable which can easily add about $20 your meal at the other places. So it's a fantastic value and it's a darned good steak!Very friendly and attentive service. Good menu selections. I had the New York Strip and my wife ordered the Porterhouse, my steak was excellent but as soon as I tasted her Porterhouse I had buyer's remorse. Just stick with the Porterhouse! It was so tender that it was hard to tell the difference between the sirloin and the tenderloin! I appreciate that they serve NORMAL sized veggies instead of the steroid-grown veggies they serve at the fancier steakhouses, they have a lot more flavor.We really enjoyed the open kitchen/grill area in the middle of the restaurant where we could watch the steaks being cooked. Just be aware that when you leave, you're going to smell like you've been standing over a charcoal grill in your backyard.The only thing wrong with this place is that you have to walk through Circus Circus to get to it. But it's definitely worth it.
5	A total hidden gem in vegas. I was skeptical going to a steakhouse in Circus Circus, but I was proven wrong. It was likely the best steak I've had in my life. Everything from the service, to the food and ambiance was impeccable. I got the filet mignon medium rare and it was cooked to perfection. Definitely recommend!!
4	Circus Circus is a little run-down and the complete opposite of hip and happening, but, when you walk down that dimly lit 20 ft entryway to The Steakhouse, you get transported to a new world.  The Steakhouse is legit, fully equipped with white tablecloths, dark wood, dim but sufficient lighting, without the pretense of the typical Las Vegas big boobed hostess with cleavage hanging out of her LBD.  The rib eye was succulent and seasoned just right to complement and let you taste the meat.  They offered a spiced sauce, but it's a crime to use it.  The steak with plain asparagus and wild rice is simple but very well executed.
5	Best steakhouse in Vegas. Hands down. When I was first recommended I was pretty skeptical. I mean who goes to Circus Circus? Nobody. Exactly. Oh boy was it a big surprise!!! One of the best restaurants in Vegas.
4	The 80's called and want their decor back the location of this place sucks you have to go through a very ghetto casino to finally arrive at the place.  Given the location its in and what you have to go through to get there the food is pretty amazing.  I got the filet and it was made to perfection and it was quality meat. I guess this is a true hole in the wall that serves great food.
4	Great OG steak house! Quality aged beef. No frills no BS. Everything was well prepared and served in a timely manner. They have a nice looking dessert cart. (we were way too full to have dessert)We got here at 5p on a Friday and were seated immediately.I see the dress code says "dressy". Not true at all. I dress up enough at work etc. The last thing I want to do when kickn it in Vegas is have to throw on slacks etc. I went here in some baggy shorts a Harley t shirt and some Vans. Pretty much every one around me was also dressed casual. Funny how todays economy changes things.We will back here every time we are in Vegas.
4	I was so pleasantly surprised by this restaurant. The decor and atmosphere were great and the food was too. Service was amazing and the steak was fantastic. It was surprisingly affordable for the quality and service that we got.
4	Everything is PERFECT!! everything in here is perfect~ the service and taste of foods!I went to here for early valentine dinner with my boyfriends. interior of this restaurant is not fancy as other hotel place but not too casual. (we did want to go fancy restaurant anyway) but the place is too dark to see menuOur waiter's name was Mark who serves us so nicely. He was a bit late for taking order but everything else was so great and busser was keep refill our drinks.we ordered garlic shrimp for our appetizer which was so big and chewable and tasty. it comes with garlic sauce bolling on fire.  Our entree was petite filet Mignon and Rib eye with garlic mashed potatoes, salad and asparagus. Filet was tender and rib eye was so big. evetything was so delicious the check is a bit pricey but it was worth to pay for. the one thing i dont like is that why every chef is wonder around at the restaurant? I feel it is not clean...
4	Old school steakhouse nice little setup at Circus Circus. The primerib was pretty good, gobbled up all my mashed potatoes. Waiter was pretty friendly and classy, they even threw in a free slice of cake 4 my fiancees birthday dinner. Prices are abit high but portions are generous.
5	An absolute MUST every trip I take to Vegas!!!!We go twice a year to Las Vegas and The Steakhouse never disappoints.  We try to get there for happy hour in the bar.  Great full pour drinks with top shelf alcohol.  The bartenders are always very nice and remember us.The food is fantastic.  I think I've had every steak on the menu, but usually go for the prime rib.  Cooked to perfection and seasoned so you can taste the beef.  Add in the great sides and it's one of the best values in Vegas.The staff is always wonderful and more than happy to take on any request we may have.Long live The Steakhouse!!!
3	This is definitely your old school steakhouse with dark interior, leather seats, and cow paintings.  When you walk in, you walk past the steak preparation station out in the open.  Service was excellent, steaks were cooked well.  Entree comes with soup/salad and potatoes and veg.  Ordered:Wedge Salad - great:  nice crisp bacon, great cheeseBlack Bean Soup - ok: onion adds a good kickSide Salad - ok:  great fixings but red wine vinaigrette was too muchPetit Filet - good:  cooked perfectlyBone-in Rib eye - ok:  very plainly seasonedTwo glasses of wineDecent place to go to.  $90/person with a drink
4	It had been 6 or so years since I last stepped foot in Circus Circus.  One of Eric R.'s best friends Aimee H. came to Vegas with her boyfriend, best friend, and another couple to celebrate her 30th birthday.  She invited Eric R., my brother Jeffrey L., and I to join all of them for dinner to celebrate her birthday at Circus Circus' The Steakhouse.  I was skeptical but went ahead and put on the same outfit I wore on my birthday (LBD with a giant bow in front and rainbow glitter heels with bows on them).  I was relieved to see carpet when my last memory was of the Adventure Dome's sticky floors.  We traversed through this casino to the restaurant, which immediately brought us into Old School Vegas, dimly lit with green sconces and lamps.The three of us arrived first (and 15 minutes late for reservation) because we had locked our car and house keys in our place and thought we would have to cab it over, but our condo manager was nice enough to come over on a Saturday and give us a back-up key so we didn't have to sleep in the hallway.  The birthday group had troubles getting their car from valet at their hotel so they were late too.  The bread basket had pretzel rolls which made me happy, and the butter had Longhorns on each pad - Hook Em Horns!Our server was Ray, specially requested by Aimee H. because her parents come here when in Vegas and he is the guy to have.  He was excellent!  Eric R. shared a bottle of Asti Spumante in celebration, but the rest of the table got free wine bottle coupons from a nearby table and got some house cab and chardonnay.Eric R. and I both like filet mignon, so we opted to share a 12 oz filet, and he added a lobster tail.  There is a $15 split fee but Ray waived it because he is awesome.  The plates came with salad or soup, choice of mashed potato, baked potato, or rice, and asparagus.  I got baked potato and house salad, Eric R. got rice and Caesar salad.  My brother got the oysters on the half shell app (6 to order) and a petite filet.The house salad had beets on it, which I immediately thought was cool.  Ray provided triple peppercorn and cheddar sauces plus all baked potato condiments on the side.  Our plates came out perfectly split (including the lobster, which I immediately return to Eric R.'s plate to make sure he was happy), and we got 6 oz of filet, plenty of asparagus, a lemon to squeeze wrapped nicely, and our side.  I was pleased to see fresh chives to add the potato.  I did a little butter, the cheddar cheese sauce (since there was no cheese condiment), and chives.  The combo was just perfect.After our meals (where almost all of us took a to go bag), Aimee H. selected her free dessert from the cart (chocolate raspberry torte) and we sang to her with the candle lit.  Then we all nibbled on the dessert and left quite satisfied.  Overall, the cost was quite reasonable (Eric R. figured since we did not each get a steak, we could splurge on the wine), the food was good, and the service was amazing.  Definitely get in Ray's section if you ever plan to dine here!
4	This is a hidden gem in Circus Circus. Aged steak to perfection, you can see the entire preparation of the meal in the middle of the restaurant. Portions are pretty large so sharing may be an option for a couple. Fresh oysters are very tasty, large selection of wine at reasonable prices. The entire meal will not empty out the wallet, GREAT PLACE!
3	What I had: filet (medium) , mashed potatoes, asparagus, black bean soup.Wife: bone in ribeye (medium plus), baked potatoe, asparagus, salad. Overall it was cool to walk through this run down casino and step into this classic place. If the review was based on service there would be five stars. I've been to Morton's, Fleming's,  Mastros and Patrellis,  and some Chicago Steakhouses.  It was a good piece of meat but that was it; didnt seperate itself from the pack. If you want to enjoy a large selection of sides don't come here all they have is potatoes and rice.
5	i had a wonderful time .. the food was worth every penny, amazing one of the best!  The service was consistent ,  fast, and  the staff were impressive.   I appreciated my time here
5	An amazing experience from start to finish. The wait staff are "lifers" - a rare breed in America today. The filet? As good as it gets. Asparagus was overcooked but rice was fluffy and delicious and the tiramisu and chocolate covered strawberries gave our meal a perfect finish.  The exhibition kitchen is one-of-a-kind.This historic steakhouse is an absolute must for anyone visiting Las Vegas. Forget STK and all that pseudo-Miami Beach crap. Dine here
5	Such a surprise - had no idea you could find a first-rate steakhouse in Circus Circus Hotel, of all places.We didn't have reservations, but did manage to get our party of 5 in around 7:00 pm on a Sunday. We were worried that we weren't very well dressed, but that didn't seem to be an issue. (Dress in the restaurant was varied, from more dressy to business casual to...uh...less casual, as we were!)My prime rib was very flavorful. Not the very best I've ever had (House of Prime Rib, San Francisco), but it was pretty close.My dining companions' entrees were equally good (grilled shrimp, salmon, and rib-eye steak).Desserts were very good as well - my creme brulee was fantastic. The creme brulee sampler was apparently ok, but the plain vanilla flavored was the best of the 4 samples.The service was great, CHAE was our server, and he was wonderful - thanks!!They gave us a big tray of Andes mints with our bill.  Yum!I would definitely come back here.
5	Old school Vegas with top quality aged beef.  We've had so far 3 bachelor parties here, and countless casual and business dinners, and it never disappoints.  Make a reservation, get there early, or maybe wait a few minutes for your tablet.  Head to the bar and get a nice classic cocktail, manhattan being my favorite, and take in the atmosphere with old school red bar seats.  The meat here is 21 day aged beef on site, and you can see your meat when you walk in.  You'll then notice the grill, which is in the center of the restaurant, making your mouth ready to water.  Sit down and order a dozen or half dozen oysters, not always the best but always good enough.  Their servers are all mostly old schoolers too as well, and they know what they're doing.  Get a bone in ribeye or filet mignon, rare to medium rare, and sit back and wait for your salad.  The salads are good, as is the black bean soup, which comes with a shot of sherry.  French onion is usually too salty so not one of my favorites.  The main event is the meat, and it has yet to disappoint.  The flavor of the char and soft warm center melds together like a well rehearsed tango in your mouth.  You will be stuffed, yet you will savor every bite.Top 3 authentic old school steakhouse in Vegas, with the lowest prices ($50-75 per person).
5	Love it love it.  When you walk in the wonderful aroma of grill fills the air. The service is great and you get a full meal at a great price.  They never disappoint always a perfectly cook steak.
5	We read the reviews and decided for our expensive meal out in Vegas we would try The Steak house. I had the New York strip bone-in and my fiance had the Rib-eye. We also ordered the Oysters for an appetizer. Food: The Oysters were good they had a great flavor and tasted extremely fresh. We each got a salad with Bleu cheese dressing. Bleu Cheese is their house dressing so I would recommend ordering it. The selection of baked bread was also very good especially the Pretzel Bread. My steak was cooked perfectly and so was my fiances. I loved the light grill char and the steak was tender. My fiances Ribeye was also cooked perfectly. I thought his steak has a slightly better flavor, but mine was more tender. I ordered the baked potato with mine and they bring you out a plate filled with toppings. The bacon topping was real thick cut bacon . My fiance ordered the garlic mashed potatoes and they were okay. I liked mine better. We got a free desert since it was my fiances B-day and it was yummy. I only had two bites though because I was stuffed.Service: Our service was great. Our server was David and he had been working in the restaurant for 25 years. he told us that several of the staff members had been working there for many years. The chef has worked there for 29 years. The water refills were very prompt, and the meal was timed perfectly.Ambiance: My fiance and I loved the steakhouse. It reminded me of a private club, or mens clubhouse. We sat towards the back of the restaurant slightly elevated so we could see into the grill area. It was really neat to see the Chefs working and we got to see what all the other menu items looked like. We learned they serve a 29OZ Prime Rib. I could not even believe it when they plated it.Price: With Wine the total was $165.00(not including tip)I would highly recommend this restaurant. We will be back the next time we are in Vegas.
5	After living in Las Vegas for so long we decided to try this steakhouse.  We sat next to the grill and watch as our steaks were being prepared, bone in Rib Eyes what a treat.  The quality and taste were amazing.  The inside is very retro Vegas, but what a great time and meal.  Great steaks and service, we will definitely be back.
4	I have been here before but I have to say it has gone down hill somewhat. The service was slow and not super attentive. The wine list was disappointing did not have a good variety. The salad wasVery good the steak was very good perfectly done and was a fine cut of meat. I  would give the food 4 stars and the service 2.5 stars and the wine list 2 stars. I used to love this place but its unfortunate to see it decline.
5	The food and service were great. Would have never guessed that such a great steakhouse was hidden inside Circus Circus. I would definitely come again.
2	Honestly this place gets all it's hype just because it's on the strip! I love the frozen meat by the entrance and the chefs cooking in front of you but the food isn't all that great. Got the salmon-blackened and bf got the regular size filet medium and they were burnt on the outside not really a good grill taste. If you want good steaks try the station casino steakhouses! Just a couple dollars cheaper but with way more selection and very delicious! I am a local so I know... Came here for my bf's birthday and wasn't what we expected... Sadly (shrug)
3	Honestly I've been to many steak houses in Vegas this is not one of my favorites. Yes prices in comparison to other steakhouses are good but the steaks weren't all that wonderful. I recently took two doctors who work for me out for a meeting and saw that this would be a great place with a great ambience. The ambience was great but the steak was not to be much desired for. I got the prime rib, the big giant bone in cut , and it was literally 95% fat. The asparagus was bland and the bread that they initially served wasn't that hot. The salad was decent but nothing compared to the Cortez room for other places I've been. My two Dr. Friends got the porterhouse which they seems to enjoy all the one said it was a little too Blackened.Honestly I would never go back. Not because of any other reason except for the quality compared to what they really pretrade themselves to be. The flavor profiles weren't there. Yes the ambience was great staff was extremely friendly as well. But it did not leave me longing for more. I will continue to search for that perfect five star steakhouse that has a little bit of everything to please everybody's palette !
5	We had been looking forward to our visit to The Steak House, having heard all the great reviews - we were not disappointed. Everything from the service to the food to the ambiance was excellent. Our server, Nancy, was friendly and knowledgeable and she paced the meal perfectly. We started with garlic-grilled shrimp, 4 huge yummy shrimp with a garlic butter. We each had fillet for dinner -- very, very flavorful for a fillet. Entrees include choice of soup or salad plus potato and veg--unheard of in a steakhouse, a great value. It was our anniversary (noted in the reservation) and we were greeted both by the hostess & our server with a sincere Happy Anniversary and we were treated to a complimentary dessert, very nice! We would recommend The Steak House!
4	If you can turn off your senses going through Circus Circus aisles to get TO The Steakhouse, it'd be better. Bartender was grumpy gentlemen, bar kept very sloppy, not stocked. Wine menu very poor. So why the great review? Once you get inside, again tune out the other clientele (let's just say Walmart is on par).. The service staff was wonderful, ambiance pleasant old fashioned feel, the chefs amazing for what they do, you can't stop watching their work, featured in glassed area in middle of restaurant.. the steak (that's what you're there for) impeccably prepared. They do one thing extraordinary and focus on that. It was worth the godawful stroll through Circus Circus.
1	This was my 5th, and LAST time here. The first 4 times I came here were amazing. Old school Vegas feel, amazing quality meat, attentive and knowledgeable wait staff, perfectly cooked food. NOT this time.It's been about 2 years since my last visit, and things have gone WAY down hill! When we walked in the lady up front was too busy on the phone to acknowledge us, so we patiently waited. After about five minutes I started to wander over to the aging room, which apparently got her attention enough for her to finish her phone call. I had made reservations on Open Table two months ahead, and she seated us. Lucky us that we got the worst waiter in Las Vegas! This guy obviously hated food, and hated his job. I ordered the Rib Eye which comes with asparagus. I asked him for barnaise sauce. The food comes out, NO SAUCE. I remind the waiter that I had asked for barnaise sauce, he replies that its on there. I said, "really? Ive never seen invisible barnaise!" Can you please bring some extra? He comes out 15 minutes later with some brown sauce that looked like gravy. I said "what is this?" he tells me its barnaise. I said no, barnaise is yellow. He tells me that he is positive its barnaise and then walks away.The quality of the meat was mediocre at best. My steak was actually tough. The seafood we ordered tasted like it had just been thawed out. The only redeeming part of the meal was the salad.I think I'm just going to try and remember the good times and NEVER come back.
2	The food was okay. I'll put it like this my appetizer was better than my steak. The bread basket was kind of boring. The inside of my steak was cooked perfectly but the outside was dry so I knew it had been sitting for a minute. The actual waiter I had was NEVER around but the water guys and the guys that delivered the food were superior. Overall it wasn't worth the money and I definitely won't come back. Gordan Ramsey steak puts this place to shame on it's worst day!
5	My boyfriend and I had been told for Weeks prior to our arrival in Vegas that we HAD to go to this steakhouse. We made our reservation online. (super easy!) We arrived to Circus Circus about half an hour early and decided to play a little and look around. That casino was a madhouse full of rude people and their annoying 10+ children. I kept having to tell myself that a tasty steak was awaiting me! When if was finally time, the hostess seated us quickly and politely. Our waiter made my boyfriend and I feel like millionares! What service! Super nice guy and the restaurant had a very fancy-cozy atmosphere. Where we were seated we were able to watch their chef grill our steaks. Even the salad was fancy!Best. Steak. Ever. We had the prime rib and the ribeye. The prime rib was very tender and juicy with a very yummy au jous (cant spell that!) The ribeye had a perfect char and an incredible flavor. The asparagus was crisp and delicious and dont even get me started on the potatoes! Yum! If anyone is hankering for an incredible steak and is willing to put up with the zoo to get there, I would recommend this, bar none!
3	Food was good, but service was not great. Need to stay competitive especially with service for the locals.
4	Top quality steakhouse!!  Ordered the NY Strip med rare!  Outstanding!  Cooked perfectly tasted sooooooo goooooood!   If a steakhouse is great they can deliver a great NY steak and THE Steakhouse does exactly that.  When in Vegas and you want steak, come here.  Great service as well.  Attentive friendly service.  Prices are better than other steakhouses on the strip.  Great value.  Just go!Oh...... Steaks are charbroiled!!  A RAREity!!Thanks
5	Great steakhouse, Food and service were excellent. I have been to high-end steakhouses all over the country and this is up there with the best. Cant go wrong with the filet. Great steakhouse atmosphere as well.
5	This place is amazing. :D Really enjoyed the service, food, and vibe. If you're not a big eater, splitting is an amazing option.
5	Great steakhouse that happens to be in a hellhole of a casino.This is old school Vegas and I love it.  It's dark and looks like a mob hit can breakout at any table... I love it.  I told my old man there on Father's Day where this place turned 32 years old so they had some great specials.  I got a $32 birthday special; a petite filet mignon (8oz) with sides included.  My dad got the Father's Day special for $53 which included a Ribeye, salad, dessert.This wasn't just an 8oz filet I had.  8oz always concerns me, usually places say 10oz or 12oz and it looks smaller.  There's no way this was 8oz... and that's a good thing.  It looked a lot bigger.  Tasted amazing - perfectly cooked medium-rare.Also, when it's not a special, their prices include sides and that's key.  You might think, "Well, their steaks are in the mid $40-range, why would I go here and no somewhere else?"  Those places then offer sides starting around $12 each... two sides, tack on an extra $24.  Not here.  The service was spot-on, which I always appreciate.Top notch place.  Yes, the Circus Circus thing is a huge deterrent, especially if it's for a date, walking through the lobster-tanned zombies crawling through the casino but once you get through that... it's great.
5	By far one of the best steak houses in town. You also got to love that old school las vegas feel. Ive been enjoying the steaks here since i was a kid. I start off with their shrimp cocktail and finish with their bone in rib eye. I feel like a caveman when they bring out that massive steak for me.
5	The Steakhouse is by far one of the best dining experiences I have ever had hand down.  We went here on recommendation by a friend.  We were skeptical at first since it's in Circus Circus and the atmosphere there we try to avoid.  But this place is a slice of heaven!  From the moment we walked in we were greeted with an amazing aroma of food.  The meat locker in the front behind the hostess desk has a beautiful array of cuts of meat, and if you look close enough the slabs have dates on them showing how fresh they are.  We were ushered by a very nice man from NY past the grilling island were you could see them preparing your food and we were promptly seated. The atmosphere is pretty upper class with rich woods, a fireplace, darkened room and pretty quiet aside from the restraunt music and the chattering of other diners. This is definitely NOT a place for small children. Our waiter (who kind of liked like Drew Carey) was attentive but not too the point of being annoying. When I described what kind of wine I wanted he suggested one that was spot on perfect.  Our water glasses were never empty and our meals were beyond good.  I had the petite filet mignon and it was the best I have ever tasted. The cheesecake which was recommended by both the NY gentleman and our waiter was also phenomenal.  The place is a bit pricy but absolutely worth it!
5	So, this past Wednesday I had dinner with my wonderful man at this place! First thoughts were when we entered; it had an old school vintage Vegas vibe to it! And it felt like somewhere mobsters would dine! Lol anyways, we were seated & immediately served water from the bottle. Our server came and introduced himself & we just decided to have water since this is a fine dining steakhouse. (There was pretty much only wine to choose from) they also have us some bombass bread I have ever munched on! We then went & ordered our salad & what kind of dressing with it; I chose red wine vinaigrette  it was so delicious & fit right with the salad. The lettuce in the salad was the freshest I've ever ate. I decided for my main course to get the New York ribeye with garlic mashed potatoes & my bf decided to go for the T-bone steak with baked potatoe and I got mine "medium-well" and he got his the same :) OMG!! When it came it looked so beautiful!!  and everything about it was just on point! Even when I cut it with my steak knife! It was like cutting butter! Loved every bite of it! Even the mashed potatoes! And the busser was on time with filling my glass full with water :) for dessert we decided to go with dipped strawberries in chocolate & it was cute how they presented the dessert on the cart that goes around in the restaurant but those are just for display ! I would definitely go back!
4	Food was great and the server very attentive and helpful.
5	Don't let the outside casino fool you! The steakhouse here is excellent! I believe top 5 steakhouse in vegas. Had the rib-eye with the bone in with baked potato (Chives,sour cream, bacon and onions) all great! Waiter service was good and paired my steak with a good tasting wine.. You want to impress your date? Bring her/him here for a great meal
3	This is a no frills place. The bread basket is typical, the food was good but lacked in innovation and flavor, and the service was similar to what you would expect from an Olive Garden (my take on being in between normal and fine dining). Some people probably really enjoy the no frills and old school feel of this place. I prefer a little more seasoning or pizazz on my meat and truly look forward to the little surprises other dining options have to offer. A few things I did enjoy were the grill being out in the open for all to see and the dessert table. They also include sides with their entree choices which makes it an affordable steak option. I'm glad I finally got to try the iconic steakhouse but I doubt I will ever dine here again.
5	I had the petit filet mignon, it almost melted in my mouth, it was so light and fluffy with a great taste. Great service, amazing steak, all in all great night!
5	The best steakhouse in Las Vegas! Unfortunately, it's in Circus Circus. There is no other reason to come to the Double C, except for this award winning steak house. Steaks run around $50 per steak, but they are the best! The place is lovely with dark woods and low light, very old school classy. Plus, the service is impeccable! Make sure and tip well, the food and the service are worth it.
5	Great food. Exceptional service. Comfortable decor. I ordered the filet mignon. It was seared to perfection. The seafood sampler is a definite recommend
5	Great, old school steakhouse if you can survive the walk through Circus Circus.  Don't let the location fool you.  The meal was top-notch from beginning to end.  Great service, steaks and desserts.  As good as any meal in Las Vegas.
4	Found the old school steakhouse charming.   The steak was better than I anticipated.   Had the bone in ribeye and it was prepared perfectly.   The French onion soup was a good starter.  My steak came with a salad, loaded baked potato and asparagus. Really surprised to find this at circus circus but glad I listened to the people who suggested this spot.   Best of all, the boss really liked it.
5	awesome, awesome, awesome... did I say awesome? My wife and I have been coming here for 20 years. perfect steak, perfect service and for $50 per plate with all the fixings, you can't beat it. we have ate at these so-called exclusive steak houses only to leave $400 less and still hungry for a cheeseburger.  The Steakhouse cannot be more perfect.
2	I feel the steak was mediocre. I had the rib eye on the bone cooked medium and I was not impressed. My husband and I eat steak regularly at home and what we make at home is far better than the steak I had here. I would not recommend this for the $ they charge. I steak needs to melt in my mouth if I am paying $100 + for dinner.
5	We have been going to the Steakhouse at Circus Circus for over 14 years and they never disappoint.   We went last night and had the lobster (wife) and I had the filet with chocolate cake with raspberries for desert.   Richard is awesome but so are the rest of the wait staff.   Going back Saturday for more.
5	On top of my list of great Old School steakhouses in the country. Has that Ratpack/Sinatra feel. The offered an excellent wine selection. We went there as a group of 10 and the meal came out in excellent fashion. We started with cocktails in the bar. At first I felt the bartender was an old curmudgeon but after a half hour or so I realized he probably has seen it all in the last 40 years and nothing phased him. Plenty of hugged booze to choose from. You have to go by the locker where the beef is aged. You will see the process as well as an 18lb lobster they keep around just for conversation starters. I had the petite filet, cooked majestically. The bone in ribeye was their signature steak and offered in large quantities. Btw, the 'petite' filet was 8 ozs while their standard filet is 12 ozs!! They finish your meal with a variety of dessert choices, my favorite is their cheesecake which is flown in from Juniors in NYC. It's at Circus Circus and so worth your trip.
5	Let me start by saying the circus circus casino is a dump but when you enter the steak house it's a much classy restaurant with a old world charm. I had the filet for dinner and when I told the waiter I liked to only see a little pink he recommended butterflying the steak .. It came out perfect ! I loved the house salad with Italian and the fixings that came with the baked potato to add , chives , bacon crumbles, sour cream and butter.   My hubby had the ribeye and garlic mashed there was nothing left on his  plate and we had outstanding service .
5	Atmosphere is great old school. But the service is even better.  Bone in ribeye steak is so good. Mesquite charcoal  grilled favor was unbelievable. Price is a little high,  but meals come with great bread and soup or salad.  They don't kill with extras. Will be back for more great food.
1	Don't waste your money or time! As a Vegas local we have many options. I have heard great things about this place. Service was bad it started with the old man bartender I am sure he's worked there since day one he was so rude! Service was really slow at the table. When we finally got our food both my husbands and my steak were over cooked. So we sent them back. Then mine came out raw! I was not going to send it back again so my husband shared his with me. They were nice enough to remove it from the bill (gee thanks considering I didn't eat it) The wine list looked like it belonged at Outback not good quality wines. They cook the steaks where you can see pretty cool, but the ventilation is old and you smell each steak being cooked so we were basically smoked out! I am giving it 1 star because the French onion soup was very good.
4	Chae our waiter gave excellent service, very knowledgeable on dry aging processes.  I will definitely recommend it to my hotel guests!  Very reasonably price. Each entree has inclusive sides with price.  Must check it out!
5	Best in town and very reasonable.Chae is a great server and is nice and helpful.had the ribeye steak and it was wonderful and salad was great and dessert was magnificent
5	This is a hidden gem in Las Vagas.  The steaks are aged and prepared to perfection.  The bean soup was incredible,  served with onions that were nicely diced and a side of sherry.  The nice touch was a complimentary bottle of wine because we were a guest staying at the hotel.  One final note, the wait staff works well together with a great balance of personal service without being intrusive.
4	We dined at the Steakhouse after hearing great things about it from other locals.  It is indeed a jewel in the middle of a cesspool of a dying casino.  I have been reluctant to dine here mainly because of its location but I regret not dining here sooner.  The waiting staff is attentive, classy, and very professional.  We ordered the French onion soup and the jumbo shrimp on ice.  The jumbo shrimp was very good and the French onion soup was a little thin but flavorful.  For the main dish we ordered the filet mignon and lobster.  The lobster was probably the best lobster we have had in Las Vegas.  The filet was very good however it didn't tremendously stand out over other steak houses we have been to.  The only reason I did not give it 5 stars is because of the wait time for our initial and subsequent drinks orders seemed to take way too long.  Overall, it was a breath of fresh air after dining at other high-end dining establishments on The Strip and being consistently disappointed over the years.  We will definitely be going back!
4	Very nice service..Servers were very friendly and prepared our food on time and efficient...Food is on point..Everything  was delicous
4	A clubby atmosphere. Smoke free and casino noise free. An exclusive feel to it. Wait staff professional, attentive and not pushy. Salad was spectacular, fresh and crisp and perfectly dressed with house dressing. Hubby had blue cheese and loved it too. Extremely tender steak. I ordered medium and it was a touch red but that is my only complaint. Entrees came with salad AND choice of potato or rice AND veg AND three steak sauces. No ala carte side to "cha ching" the bill. How novel is that? Don't like steaks, pork chops and fish choices are also on the menu. Definitely recommend.
5	Voted "Best of Las Vegas" for over 20 years. And I see why. The steaks are legit, the ambiance is classy yet comfortable. The service is top notch all the way. Never thought I'd say this, but I'll take dinner date night here over some of the overrated pretentious hip celebrity chef joints we've been too. Mr. B suggested Carnevino but I wanted to go somewhere different this time around and my BFF and I have never been here yet, so we planned double date night here with our husbands. Reservations: Highly suggest you make reservations ahead of time.http://www.opentable.com/the-steakhouse-at-circus-circus-reservations-las-vegas?restref=68473&rid=68473This place is only open during dinner hours and limited seating.Dress Attire: Business Casual is just fine.Location: Inside Circus Circus Casino. Getting here is something else. After you get past having to go through the parking garage from hell and avoid getting rundown by rugrats heading to Adventuredome, you'll step through the doors of "The Steak House" and breathe a sigh of relief.Your hostess will take you past the area where they dry age the steaks. Here's it's 21 days we were told.  You'll go past the exhibition area also where they grill the steaks. Smells so good! Menu is simple.http://circuscircus.com/images/PDF/SteakhouseMenu.pdfWe all ordered different cuts of steak and our dinners included fresh baked bread, Chef choice of vegetable (asparagus) black bean soup or salad, garlic mash,baked potato or rice. Pretty great deal if you ask me. We planned it that way. My BFF and I told our husbands, they could buy us new shoes.  Anyway my rib eye was a large, thick cut, seasoned well and juicy. Dining area has half circular booths lined along the wall, tables in the middle.dimly lit, The place oozes of classy 1980's Vegas.  According the the hostess this place has been here since 1982. She said a lot of the staff has been there that long too.Very enjoyable dinner. We ordered desserts though and had coffee and drinks afterwards. We probably stuck around longer than we should. Bff & I are notorious for it. We were never rushed  and our servers kept checking up on us even after we were finished with dinner. Service was exemplary.  We all agreed we would come back again!
3	Not bad, not great..
5	A true hidden gem in Las Vegas.Given the fact that Circus Circus is past its heyday as a premiere resort, many people write their steakhouse off as such. However, they serve the best steak in Las Vegas.The staff have been fantastic every time I've eaten there and the food is always delicious. Lots of care is taken to make sure that everything is just the way you want it. For example, they were able to pull off a filet mingon cooked "well done" (normally considered heresy in a steakhouse). It arrived at the table just as tender as a filet mingon that was cooked medium rare. Thats a testament to the quality of their meats and the skill of their kitchen staff.Check this place out the next time you are in Las Vegas.
4	Been here many times over a lot of years.  Always good service.  This restaurant is really out of place being so upscale in a very low end hotel.  The steaks are good, but the Prime Rib is always  G-R-E-A-T .  The place isn't "cheap", but when you consider the entrees include both salad and potato, it's a better deal than comparable other steakhouses.  A bit tricky to get in on weekends because they're usually fully booked unless you want to eat at either 5pm or after 10
2	Wow... where to begin.  The seafood sampler appetizer was truly horrible.   I have no idea what breed of oysters they use but what little flavor they had was odd... not off, just odd.  Don't let them tell you there are 4 crab legs... there are 2 single sections cut in half (for 4 pieces) and they are old and meal-y.  The shrimp were large but also pretty flavorles and obviously not Black Tigers.I will say on the plus side, their house made blue cheese dressing was passable and the lettuce wedge was crisp and freshly cut.The negative comments regarding unseasoned meat are correct, but I prefer that personally.  Proper aging gives all the flavor you would need but sadly (regardless of the aging room prominently displayed as you walk in), this meat is barely aged.  I would suggest they clean their grills, though, as the char marks had a bad flavor to them that detracted from the overall flavor instead of enhancing it.Service was good (the only reason they got 2 stars instead if 1) although no one inquired as to why we allowed the seafood to be cleared having barely been touched.  At $61 and the highest priced single item on the menu I would have thought there would have been at least a little curiosity... unless they know in advance that it is sub-par and just count on the lack of sophistication of most guests to get them by, of course.I don't care what kind of awards they've won, this is a place to avoid.   If you want a GOOD traditional steakhouse experience in Las Vegas go to the Golden Steer.
5	As someone who works at a Five Star Resort on The strip, I have to say the service I received here was nothing but 5 star. After describing how I like my steak cooked and my marbling to the waiter, I ordered the New York Strip Medium rare. Your steak comes with a side and a salad, which you will find nowhere on the strip. My steak was cooked perfectly. I have absolutely no complaints about this steakhouse. I tried the peppercorn sauce, but found the steak tasted better without it. There is a reason why it was voted best so many years in a row. I will defiantly be back and recommended to friends and family.
5	WOW ! Good steaks here people. Too bad one has to walk through Circus Circus to get to it. Make sure you call for reservations as we saw the hostess turn quite a few groups away. If you like your meat rare but not "purple" , ask for "rare plus". It was perfect for my taste.
4	The best pure steakhouse in Vegas. It's worth wading through kids and Circus Circus. A great steak and a great price in old Vegas style dark dining rooms. Beyond the steaks, the bread basket and baked potato service is outstanding. If you want new and unique, go to N9ne at the Palms, but if you just want a great steakhouse, go to The Steakhouse.
4	Circus Circus is truly one of the great steak houses in Las Vegas, NV. The atmosphere is terrific and the steaks are out of this world. Service is extraordinary, and if you frequent this establishment one just might see a celebrity or two.
4	Amazing Steakhouse!!! Every time I come here, I'm not disappointed. Great customer service, prices are lower  compared to the places in the strip. The quality of the steak or seafood are high. Not that many peopleknow of this place, hidden jewel of Las Vegas. I would highly recommend!!
