1	WORST AUTO REPAIR SHOP EXPERIENCE I"VE EVER HAD: Brought my wife's car in to get a tune-up . They said the timing belt needed to be replaced and it would take about 3-4 hrs to do it. We said it was ok to do it and we'd wait at a coffee shop nearby. They kept the car for 6 hrs and didn't call us to give us an update or to tell us when it was ready. Overall were very uninterested in customer service and very nonchalant about keeping the car longer than expected -- we should've known right there what we were getting into. Two weeks later the engine started making a whistling noise -- we brought it back in. It was the timing belt that they had replaced. They again kept the car for 5-6 hrs even though they -- again -- had said it would be 3-4 hrs and were very uninterested in customer service. A week after this repair, the car started to again make the same noise and we had to bring it in. It was THE SAME timing belt and once again they took a long time and couldn't care less to do it fast -- all the offered us for all our troubles was a free oil change which costs them what, $5 maybe? In any case, 3 months after the last 'repair' my wife's car died in the middle of an intersection. This was very dangerous and we very lucky not to have something worse happen to her or the car. She had to tow the car to another repair shop and guess what the problem was? The timing belt!!!! After fixing it, we went back to Auto Tech 4 Less and asked for a full refund.The manager was very nonchalant and unresponsive -- answering phone calls, taking care of customers, etc. Finally we had to threaten to take him to small claims court if he didn't give us our money back plus towing expenses. He said he needed to discuss the issue with his partner and that he would calls us back that day. He still hasn't. We will be seeing him in small claims court.
1	DO NOT GO HERE!!!! I have been chasing them via phone calls, in person visits, and now through better business bureau to try and get a refund for a terrible job they did, and they won't even respond to that. Looks like I have to take them to small claims court. STAY AWAY if you don't want to go through the hassle that I am having go to go through!
4	I took my car in last week for a regular check up. Very pleased. Came back today because my poor little Tercel's rack & pinion was dying. Work done on time. No problems so far, I'll check back if there is. Both times I went in I noticed that the customers waiting were happy- coming and going. Good customer service (especially with new guy up front, the owner was swamped before he got there). They seem to get a lot of repeat business. I am very happy with them and will be going back :-)I only give 4 stars "just in case" - I never give 5 stars for that reason. It is CLEARLY an established shop in a prominent location.
1	SCAM ARTISTS!!!  Classic upsale tactics and charging way too much.  Shitty work as well.  please avoid going here at all costs.  beware of their fake google review page which has 27 ridiculous fake reviews.
