5	The Spot to be!  A cool neiborhood bar where you can also get your dance on.  Has a great kitchen where you can order up GOOD catfish/talipa or chicken wings. It also has an outdoor patio with a DJ area and dance floor.  Sunday night is for the grown & Sexy.  One of my favoriate places to hang out in the valley!
4	The Travis L. Williams Post is a great venue for community and neighborhood events.  Some people know this place as a place where people can go and party and drink.  Don't get me wrong, they certainly do have their party nights here!  But this party spot also supports the community by allowing community organizations to host events in the location with little to absolutely no hassle.  They have hosted community events such as election watch parties, private parties, sorority/fraternity fundraisers and wine tasting fundraisers.  For that, I give this place 5 Stars.  My favorite time to go here was on Wednesday nights for the line dancing practice.  I haven't been in a couple of months, but I would substitute a workout in the gym for a trip to the Legion to learn line dances and kick up my heels.  Awesome environment because I can go in my jeans or work clothes and put on a pair of heels.  No worries about if I'm dressed to the nines and I can dance for 2 straight hours!  Whoooweeee!  that's the best time for me.  The ladies on the dance floor kicking up their heels and helping each other get the steps right while the men sit around the bar sipping their cocktails and chatting it up.I know on other nights there are dance classes there as well.  I've also been here a time or two on the nights when the Legion actually operates as a club.  This is why I kick down the review a notch from a 5 star.  The Legion as a club serves it's purpose.  It is an around the way, club and you get an "around the way experience" at the Legion.  If you are from around the way, you'll enjoy it.  That said, you know the drinks are strong enough to leap tall buildings in a single bound by gholly!  The food is that of a neighborhood club with a kitchen...  I love it that, there's a kitchen in the club and a window where you order the food from.  They have fried wings and fish.  I'm not even sure if they serve anything else.  That's because I've never ordered anything else!  haha... I love good wings and the Legion's wings are that - Good.  NOTE: when I've gone on non-club nights, the kitchen and bar are usually open.The Legion is one multi-faceted facility.   If you are on that side of town or you cater to the folks in that area, or if you're just looking for a venue that is low-hassle,  this could be a facility for you.  Drive by there and check them out.
5	I like hanging with my fellow Veterans
5	Relax and Unwind in the company of friends!!A great atompshere to relax and enjoy friends. A place where everybody knows your name.  The bartenders serve a great drink and the food on the nights Chef Michele is there is outstanding. You can learn all the latest line dances on Wednesday nights. Friday nights is a time to unwind and you can do that in the back with hip hop or on the inside with R& B.... I love this place for the drinks, food, and friends. No matter where I start my evening I always try and end up here ... love Post 65. Oh and did I mention all the community events. The funds raised in the evenings are used to sponsor charity events and scholarship opportunities. My patronage to this establishment is a Win Win for me, Post 65, and the community - love this spot and you will to- come out and see for yourself , you want regret it.
