3	Lunchtime in Phoenix is too saturated by mid-level Mexican restaurants to try a random place and risk the possibility of it being 'just average'.  Luckily, I am your voice on the streets, who will do exactly this kind of thing, especially since I work in So Pho and most of the restaurants down south are mama-y-papa variations of similar Sonoran fare.  La Salsitas used to be a Taco Bell before they wrapped up shop and moved in with their unlikely bed-mate, Long John Silvers.  Good thing, because this restaurant is a large promotion over steam-pressed quesadillas and oily heat-lamp chips ... though I digress.I walked up to the counter, greeted by a friendly attendant, and waited for her to shoot first; was this gonna be a Spanish dialogue or did she recognize my American Apparel gear?"Hola!""Hola.""Bregueareareaopoaludlauoposadaeaopoaludlauoposadaadaeaopoa ...""Oh.  Can I have a Pollo Asado Burrito, and does that come with rice and beans?""Ah, yes, it does.""Bueno."I make my way over to their salsa bar, which is impressive.  Very cool.  They had pico, salsa verde, and the benchmark of any proud Mexican joint, salsa rojo.  I grab a mini-Dixie cup of all three.  Score.  I also notice that as is typical of genuine Mexican dives, they have the assortment of random veggies and peppers.  One of the tins had a jalapeno, serrano, and carrot mix and another tin had sliced radishes.  For what the purpose this served was, I don't know, but it totally reassured my choice of lunch this day.La Salsitas tortillas are hand-made, though I found them slightly too flaky.  I usually prefer my tortillas a bit chewier.  Still, they were fresh and complimented my polla asada beautifully.  The chicken was charred 'just right', and they filled the burrito with plenty of guac.  Yum.  Something worth mentioning is their inclusion of sour cream as a side on your plate.  This is becoming more and more of a rarity in Mexican restaurants, for whatever reason, so it was a welcome sight.The beans were perfect.  Refried and goo'ed up with white cheese.  The rice was tasty too, but had a mass-produced rigidity to the grains.  The flavor was tip-top tho.Coincidentally, La Salsitas salsa's were very fresh and delicious.  I preferred the pico and the verde to the rojo, as it was a little too pasty and not fiery enough, but still pretty good.Also of note, La Salsitas serves the most insane looking licuados, which had me clutching myself for fear of asking for a quick keg-stand or maybe even making a 'licuado run'.  Their strawberry looked frothy and delicious (and as mentioned in another review, Mexis LOOOVE their fresa), as did the melon.  They also had horchata.  It was hard not to get one as my drink, but, for me, its too difficult to drink something akin to a dessert as my gullet cleanser.  I stuck with a Dr Pepper instead.They also had an impressive dessert display with pies, flan, and other pastry.  If you like most of the average Mexican food in the Valley, there is a good chance you will enjoy La Salsitas.
3	Okay, it looks like the other guy holding a beer in his picture already wrote an elaborate review.  So I'll keep mine short.2:00am, headed home from downtown Phoenix with a friend craving carne asada.....  BINGO!  Great burritos 24 hours a day and a fantastic salsa bar, including marinated carrots.  That is all I have to say.
5	Great, great, great!!!!  My wife and I got hooked on this place when there used ot be one up in North Central Pho (7th AVe and Camelback). They hand make their tortillas, all the meats are good and seem pretty authentic. Salsita is the bomb (and I'm sure I gained close to 20 pounds during the year or so I was living in the house i own nearby). Their carnitas is the best I've ever had. They have a great salsa bar with super good somewhat runny guacamole, yum. The Torta Cubana is the real jewel on the menu, all though I never had anything there I didn't like. Top off your meal with a Horchata and your in So Pho food heaven. Don't forget to try the super nachos (best with carnitas, IMHO)
5	On my way to airport to get a flight back to Dallas and I stopped at this place. Shredded beef burrito - awesome!  Very beefy, no skimping, and mammoth for $4.00. I knew It would be good when I unwrapped it and the saw the ultra-fresh  flour tortilla.  Also got a shredded beef taco. Only $1.50 and it was very fresh with freshly fried shell. If this place only rates 3 or 4 stars by the locals - they must be getting some great food elsewhere.  I'm goo through the drive thru again next time I'm in town. BTW: the drive thru service was faster than I expected.
2	I came here looking for the usual- California Burrito and some Jamaica.  I did not get either.  I went through drive-thru and the person taking my order didnt understand my English, so I had to come to the window to ask about their menu.  I could barely understand her English, so I just opted for some quesadilla.  It was okay and I cant compare it to the usual Mexican food I have at Vaqueros on 19th and Southern.  The food was just okay and I was disappointed mostly because I did not have someone who spoke clear English- customer service was okay otherwise.
4	My family and I went this afternoon for lunch since we were in the area.  My husband, who is Colombian, had what we call Mexican food in the valley and was not impressed as everything had the same taste.  He liked the food here, which wasn't topped with the regular cheddar cheese that a lot of Mexican restaurants have for Americans.We ordered a chicken burrito, something that was a carne asada over fries with everything on it, and a three rolled taco plate that included beans and rice.  Oh, we ordered a large Pepsi and a large horchata.  All that came to $27, which I thought was a bit steep and don't understand how it came out to be that much, but, anyway.The portions were large, as my husband and I shared the carne asada papas fritas.  Our daughter only ate half the burrito, as it was huge.  Our son only ate half of his plate.  The next time we will just get two large sodas between the 4 of us.  And, we only need to get 2 plates of food and split it, because 3 plates is really too much for 4 people.The people that worked there barely spoke English, but they knew enough to take my order, which I did in English, with some clarification.  My husband speaks fluent Spanish, but he didn't need to help me out, so that was good.He was a little leery of stopping by anywhere to eat in the area because it didn't look nice compared to where we lived, but I said it was fine in the daytime and the food is probably much better than the area where we live, at least catered more towards Mexicans rather than Americans.  We liked the salsa bar, which had a slightly spicy creamy avocado sauce that was so yummy and a host of other spicy sauces.  It also had a variety of veggies that you can add to compliment your meal.Their soda fountain doesn't work, the one that's in the eating area, so if you want a refill on your large soda, you'll have to ask them to refill.  No charge for that, but if you want to refill the large horchata, it'll be another $1.50.I wish we had a place that had good food like this near where we lived, but alas, we don't know any place.  We'll be back next week as we have business in the area, but after that, dunno.We are happy with the tasty food.  Price was a bit more than we thought, but, it's all right.
