5	My favourite Japanese restaurant in Scotland. A wee, independent venue, with fantastic dishes, always beautifully presented. Everything is special from the Teriyaki to the Tamagoyaki. Best of all is their pork dumpling soups, Gyoza, which taste even better than my favourite Miso soups. Another thing I love about this place is the specials board, which always has something new and exciting to try, from sushi to dessert.
4	I visited Bonsai several times before I moved to Edinburgh, when visiting friends. It's always been one of my favourite places to eat out for lunch in Edinburgh. Located by the pleasance, near Arthur's Seat and somewhere between Southbridge and the Royal Mile, it's a great restaurant to visit "on the way" to way to elsewhere.Bonsai is a hip and happening Japanese restaurant, possibly aimed at students, but welcoming to all.Bonsai has a great menu and it will take you several trips to experience all the best. To make things more difficult there is usually a board with appealing daily specials! I particularly enjoy their range of Teriyaki and simple but tasty Miso soups. It also caters well for vegetarians, not always something I find in Japanese restaurants.The staffs are nice, chatty and seem eager to please. The decor inside is expectedly Japanese. It feels clean, fresh but far from sterile, it's cool and lively.A great Japanese restaurant, ideal for lunch or light meals. Highly recommended!
5	Went here for a birthday night out. There were about 25 of us and they coped admirably. Lots of different platters, lots of different taste treats. Often left wanting more when sushi's on the menu but there was so much choice and the plates kept coming I was completely satisfied. Will definitely go again.
3	There aren't a plethora of sushi bars in Edinburgh, and my only adventures of the Japanese raw fish kind so far have been limited to Yo! Sushi. So when Chris M. waved his magic free sushi voucher, I was there faster than you can say 'mushi mushi'!It's tucked up a small side street, with no other restaurants around, so you'd need to know it was there. It was small inside, and a world away from the bright lights, conveyor belt, and random Japanese exclamations on tanoy system of Yo! It's basic, small tables, small floor, small kitchen - but what more do you need for sushi?The menu isn't hugely extensive either. A bit limited in my opinion. We tried the beef teriyaki, a chicken skewer, some spicy tuna rolls, the pork in bread thing, and some ginger. (As I said, my experience of sushi is limited - pardon the english translations!)All of it was quite tasty. The beef teriyaki especially. I think if I came back I'd order just the beef teriyaki for myself and one side, rather than pick at lots of little things.The portion sizes are quite small. I left still hungry. That's normal with sushi, but had we been paying it would have been #23 to leave still a tad peckish. So I'm not sure if I'd come back unless it was payday and I had a craving for the beef teriyaki.The poor waitress was also the only staff member on the floor, and for a rainy Monday night it was busy. She was seating, taking orders, taking out food, wiping down tables, paying bills and the restaurant was full. So we were left waiting quite a few times. Not her fault, but a bit of a nuisance.Sushi? Good. Venue? A bit uninspiring, but reliable. Think business lunch rather than romantic date. Service? Friendly but pushed. Would I go back? For lunch, yes. For dinner, probably not.
5	I understand from friends who have lived in Japan that the food in Bonsai is as authentic as it gets. My wife and I started with a bowl each of miso soup, and then shared four dishes, including cheese dumplings, and the tastiest beef teriyaki! The noodles and rice were gorgeous too. The service was wonderful, and the restaurant has a delightful fun ambience, with lots of modern Japanese toy figures, mixed with a bright, cosy feel. This was our second visit. and it's definitely in our top 5 places to eat in Edinburgh. I noticed that they're doing very good lunchtime deals too. We'll definitely be back!
4	Bonsai was a lovely find- a great wee restaurant in an unassuming side street of Edinburgh, we were greeted by friendliness and a lovely smell of fresh sushi and other Japanese deliciousness! Slightly cheaper than other Sushi bars in town it was packed so I recommend booking in advance if you plan to go out on a weekend night. Although not a fan of sake I have to admit theirs was tastier than others and I did enjoy their sharing platters. From other reviews it seems to go up and down the scale but overall I was pleased and plan to come back !
3	Finally made it round to visiting Bonsai, armed with a Groupon voucher. For a Sunday night, the restaurant was heaving, definitely a popular place to visit! It's literally a front door (as seen from the pictures) and the place is small and pretty hot last night. So, you are probably wondering what we thought of the food and service. Given the busy state of the place, service was hit or miss. My sake was forgotton and left heating away and kinda dropped in front of me as the waiter burned his fingers. Great - so how do I drink it then? Food seemed to turn up a little randomly - edamame tunred into a starter, and was nicely cooked to retain a good crunch, with a good dose of salt for a bit of flavour enhancement. I thought the sushi we ordered was great - the salmon sashimi was fatty and fresh; soft shell crab rolls much milder in flavour than expected but with a satisfying crunch; spicy tuna maki (small rolls) had a good kick. The inari nigiri that passed me looked as delicious as I thought it might be, but didn't get the chance to try. The sunomono salad had some crazy ribbons of cucumber, a bit heavy on vinegar, but enjoyable overall. Deep fried spicy tuna turned up unbattered (nice surprise) and very tasty - agreed this was the hit of the night. The boys each ordered chicken yakitori (spelling might be suspect on that one) which appeared as two small skewers - you could smell the disappointment when they realised this was not a portion that would be attributed to main course sizes. Yakisoba noodles went down well, but overall, the non sushi consumers were not happy with their choices. Myself and my sister enjoyed the sushi, and would return again for more, but the boys say nay. Upon reflection, the portions are indeed small, and really the sushi is better than the cooked food, so be aware.
4	Recently tried this place after hearing some good reviews and I spotted a groupon deal.Much smaller place than I'd imagined and easy to miss if you weren't looking for it.It was my first proper try of sushi so a bit clueless with what to expect and what to order. Staff were great helping us choose and explaining dishes. Ordered a bit of everything, fish, beef, chicken and even a couple of 'specials'; eel and octopus! All were great, some more to my taste than others, but prepared and presented perfectly. Washed down with a bottle of nice wine.The cost was cheaper than usual given we had a groupon deal (which was no hassle whatsoever), however prices were good regardless of this and I'd definitely go back again.
4	Small, unpretentious, with service by a mix of Scots and Japanese emigrants, this is the perfect place to go for a relaxed evening. I've spent a lot of time in Japan, and the feel of this place is as close to an after-work-is-done "red lantern" restaurant as I've seen in the West. The salmon sashimi was excellent; pickles (we had cucumber, daikon, and several others) so good they disappeared immediately and we hd to order seconds. Wasabi peas are fabulous. The two small disappointments were the yaki soba (gummy and waaaaay too sweet) and the mixed tempura (oil needs to be hotter, it was not crisp at all and a bit soggy). However, the rolls made up for it. All in all, a lovely experience.
4	Okay, so the fish may not be top-notch but DAYAMN for this price? I'd be eating sushi all week long! And listen, it's not bad either. I had sashimi and it tasted absolutely great, it just wasn't cut completely neatly and I could tell that the sushi-chef wasn't really a sushi-chef.Look, if you want really high quality sushi, you're clearly going to go to some kind of Princes street vicinity sushi-bar, but for us students? This is as good as it gets!Pack your bag, leave your bento at home, and come grab one over here. I had the vegetable tempura and the saki sashimi and absolutely nothing to complain. It was tasty, well-presented and I've seen worse tempura at way pricier establishments. Nothing wrong with a little Bonsai-afternoon, I say!
5	I must confess - I love Bonsai!  Over the last three years, my partner and I have been going regularly.  Most recently last Saturday.I love that it's a tiny restaurant and can get very busy and cluttered.  I love that the menu hasn't changed all that much over the years and the specials seem to be the same too.Bonsai serve sushi and hot food and we usually go for a combination of both - the crispy salmon skin maki and deep fried spicy tuna being our favourites.  But we've never had a bad dish and the quality is always the same - excellent.I don't go there to be overwhelmed with choice and quality.  I go there for yummy food, the company of my friends, a relaxed environment and friendly staff.What's also great, is during Fringe time when many restaurants are raising the prices and refusing to take bookings - Bonsai hold fast with the same prices and a quite strict booking policy - it means that when I catch up with my friends we can go somewhere without worrying about getting a table. (Note: when we went last Saturday, we had booked, and the restaurant was full - so it might be worth booking whichever time of year you go!)
4	Now my 2nd favourite sushi joint in Edinburgh! :)Went tonight with some yelpers for a meal and was impressed. It's a tiny place, very cramped, you feel very close to the other diners and the staff aren't totally switched on but it's nice enough!The food, I had the scallop sashimi - nice but needed something to lift it.Katsu chicken - did what it said! Thought the presentation lack some finese.Across the board we also shared dragon, rainbow rolls and a soft shell crab roll. The crab would be star for taste, the dragon for appearance! I also tried Emily's eel which was delicious!All in all a good feed at a great price! I'll be back!Happy Jd
4	Who loves tasty sushi!?Louise loves tasty sushi!Is it true?! MmmmmhhhmmmmI do I do I do I doooooo-oooohh!Excuse the awful nineties reference, but Bonsai Bar Bistro serves tasty sushi, and I was loving it! The walls are covered in loads of hello kitty.... and pandas!?!?! The service is maybe a little slap dash, but I can forgive that.The menu is good, and the specials board was brilliant!! Deep fried eel tempura sushi yumminess. Don't mind if I do...... pinch a piece of someone else's plate! All the sushi was delicious, the tempura vegetables I ordered were the best I have had yet, a real good selection of vegetables in there and quite alot of it too! Salmon maki - can't go wrong, scrummy.The only issue is indeed the space. It is a little cramped, pick who you choose to sit next to wisely! There is also quite a strong general 'frying' smell when you walk in the door which could put some people off. The groupon deal we had also made it very much worth while and I plan on returning in the not to distant too distant future.
5	Had the most lovely evening here last night! Friendly staff, cosy atmosphere, I want to be here ALL THE TIME! is that weird?! But the food is yummy, and I tried some calpis (it's an odd drink, but worth a shot! Like sweet, cloudy lemonade, crossed with milk, made from soya beans?!) teriyaki ANYTHING is good, and California rolls, if a little safe on my part, were delicious. You get loads as well, and well priced. Will have to go again to try the rest of the menu :-) thanks guys
1	Hey Bonsai,We need to have a little chat.Listen, I think we need to break up, it's you, not me, clearly.When I booked a table for the ever-full Saturday night, I expected to be treated like a customer, not like a sardine. I know I'm Dutch, and I know I'm tall, but I couldn't fit in between the tables to get at the bench. My ass is not THAT big. (It's a lovely size, actually, if you must know).Having to move the entire table (!) only to have my 5.3 ft friend be able to squeeze in between them (she probably ways all of 100 pounds soaking wet) is just ridiculous. If you want more tables, rent a bigger venue, don't cramp me on top of the lady sitting next to me (though lovely perfume, Samantha lovely).Having ranted about that: what the hell is up with your food? One of the girls had the shrimp tempura and they were just plain old disgusting, the guts were still in there, and to make matters worse, they were soggy and looked re-fried, like your 2AM worst chippie nightmare.I couldn't even find the crab in my California roll, which was smothered in mayonaise, and then there was the salmon sashimi. Now this is where I got really angry, if I order a 4,50 plate of salmon sashimi, I don't want to find: a. bones, b. skin, c. grey-ish looking fish-flesh, or d. all of the above. You guess. I found all of the above.A glass of the most horrendous processed "orange juice", in other words, some kind of syrup-like drink, costs 1,95. Really? Bonsai? Really?Also, your waitresses managed to ignore a room full of Saturday night customers for 10 minutes. As in, they left the front-of-house and when I went looking for them, I could not find them for a good 5 minutes. The restaurant isn't even big enough for you to hide, where were you? Why did you leave the room and leave us (remember us? Your paying customers?) to just fend for ourselves?Now, don't take this the wrong way, but I think you've got a lot of thinking and maturing to do before we see each other again.You should be ashamed of yourself.Lou
4	I had heard good things about Bonsai from friends but had never been.  Eventually, armed with a Itison voucher, I decided to make the call.  The female member of staff was friendly on the phone, even when I mentioned I had a voucher (I was glad not to be greeted by 'oh one of those' like it's happened to me before).  Table was booked for 8pm on Saturday night.My companion and I arrived on time, and the lovely waitress indicated our table which I have to say, was in a great location.  It was a corner table so we had plenty of seating space and no squeezing between tables required.  Some of their tables are indeed somewhat a bit close to each other.  Anyway, I am huge fan of fresh raw fish and miso soup, but I was also eager to try some hot dishes.  We thus went for miso soup, maguro (tuna sashimi), salmon maki, takoyaki and okonomiyaki, ready to order some more after that should we still be hungry.  We also ordered a couple of Japanese beers to wash all that down.The service was fast and both waitresses were very friendly. The food was delicious and to our surprise, we were so full we struggled to finish the Japanese pancake!  I couldn't believe it!An excellent experience.  I will certainly go back.  Reasonably priced too.Do not forget to book, particularly at weekends, it's a busy spot!
3	Conveniently placed for students and the lunch menu is cheap and offered until 5. However, the general ambience and quality of food in terms of presentation and taste is not as good as alternative sushi restaurants, e.g. Zang's and Kampoi. Overall, an ok place for a casual lunch.
4	My first sushi experience in Edinburgh began at Bonsai. One California roll and my heart belonged there. The food was delicious and I liked the venue. Since that visit I have been a sushi cheater and tried elsewhere with varying success. But I will be forever grateful to Bonsai for my first sushi experience and for not judging me for ordering the 'wrong' thing. Or holding my chopsticks weirdly.
4	It's funny, whenever I go for sushi I never think I'll fill up on just a few rice rolls, but y' know they are pretty filling!  My friend and I went there last night for dinner.  Thankfully we booked a table for 6.30pm because come 7pm the place was packed - even for a Tuesday night!  Ok, the place isn't a big and there's maybe only 15/20 seated places but when a restaurant is busy I think that's only a good sign, right?  The menu is clear and easy to understand. We ordered 4 dishes:  Spicey Tekka Maki-Zushi, Gyoza, Dragon Gajiin-Zushi and Sake Nigiri-Zuchi.  All were delicious, especially the Dragon Gajiin-Zushi - avodaco and prawn yumminess!  Only criticism I'd have is they don't give you enough pickled ginger next to each dish.  I love pickled ginger!The interior is obviously Japanese influenced, shutters, Japanese text on the walls,  and simplistic red, white and black colours. Fairly basic but clean.  The food was presented on rustic odd shaped glazed dishes, all feels very authentic. There is also a Specials board available. Staff were very attentive and quick even on a busy night such as this.
4	This is going to sound a little odd, I really like Bonsai but I am not a fan of sushi, luckily there are plenty of alternatives... Miso soup, agedashi tofu, chicken yakitori, beef tataki, edamame (soy beans), great teriyaki along with noodles, various pickles and other delights...In short I like the food here, I also like the fact that unlike Chinese the fried food isn't greasy... Then there is plum wine, I am not a wine drinker but I really enjoy this stuff. The service is normally good, though the restaurant is very small, somewhat compensated by outside seating on nicer days.Bonsai is a great little place and ideal for having something a bit different at weekend you will need to book in advance, though through the week it is normally fine just to turn up. Good food, good drink and good service, Bonsai is a lovely little bistro!
1	Very variable. My husband and I have been going there about 6-8 times a year for the last 5 yrs. Finally given up on the place. As other reviewers have noted sometimes grumpy or rude staff, freezing cold tables at the door, slow service. Constantly doing Groupon offers so there must be something wrong that they cant kkep the customers that the vouchers bring thier way. Maybe they could listen to the customer complaints + frustration and sort out those problems rather than having big prices for small plates of food + constant voucher offers ?
3	Sat out in the sun waiting for my fish! All in all, Bonsai was ok. Nothing mind blowing but pretty good sushi. The dragon rolls were nice and the fish sashimi was fresh and tasty. Some of the dishes were a bit greasy but stiil reasoably good. Sushi is one of my ultimate favourite foods but this place didnt inspire me as much as I had hoped though still a good option if your in the area
1	I'm done. I'm really 100% done with this place.Came here again last week for lunch and it was ridiculous. First of all, the wait staff is always pretty abysmal, but this was reaching new lows. The waitress hardly paid us any attention even though the place was empty, and when her friend showed up with her baby she merrily joined her at the table and sat down to chat and text, ignoring her tables.The sushi? Disgusting. The salmon I ordered had those grey stripes of meat on it? The ones you can't bite through? It also smelled and tasted less than fresh. The tuna I had was chewy and dried out. It tasted like a particularly unappetizing version of jerky, made of tuna, when you felt like sushi. Just, no. Don't go here. I know, I know, it seems like good money for not bad sushi, but I think I've figured out what they're doing: when the joint is relatively booked full, they have someone in the kitchen who sort of knows what they're doing. But for lunch on a Tuesday? No such luck, I don't know who was in the kitchen, but they should be fired tout de suite. These people have no idea what sushi is or how it's made.After about a dozen visits over the past two years I can honestly advice you: steer clear. Get the Hell out of Dodge. Go to Tang instead. Just no.
1	If I could rate this place with no star I would.  Unfortunately you cannot.As I have mentioned in my other reviews I love Japanese food. First thing I did moving to Edinburgh was to check out all the different choices of restaurants, a lot more exciting from Dundee.  Lolz.It was trip adviser I think, had such high rating for Bonsai, I didn't even hesitate and just went for it. The restaurant is quite small not the smallest now that Ive been to Sushiya.., the decor was...very trying to be Japanese style? Tokyo Style?..Anyway the key point here is the food.  In simple wordsI hated it. I ordered Takoyaki..its octopus balls (I know...dont laugh...its not like it's really octopus balls)..it was frozen in the middle. Told the waiter, then after a minute or so I heard micowave beeping...great...I told them not to bother bringing it back.  Ordered King prawn tempura.   When it arrived.  Both me and my friend went quiet and stared at the prawns. Whoever thats ever had tempura would know...the prawns are supposed to come out STRAIGHT!!!!!! Yep, it was all curled up like the ones you get from chinese restaurants in salt and chilli dishes? All I wanted was some STRAIGHT prawn tempura...how the xxxx do they get such high rating??? I had one bite. Batter was alright.  Tastes bland.Then finally the maki rolls.  They seemed ok, I took a piece without even putting a whole piece in my mouth, the rice was freezing cold like it was just taken out from the fridge.  By that time I was raging with the service (we were the only table there, I could hear staff in kitchen having a loud laugh and the service was quite terrible other than saying sorry they never asked was everything ok.) And the FOOD.Could actually remember I felt my face and ears getting hotter....So in 31yrs of my life. I've never once walked out of a restaurant with an extremely loud rumbling tummy empty stomach. Not that I think I will ever either. But I asked for the bill as calmly as I could...my friend sitting opposite me was whispering in Chinese..."calm down its ok...calm down we go to blah blah blah and eat..." yep. Hardly touched any of the food even returned the frozen balls. They charged us in full.  I had no interest in arguing or discussing anything or intention to stay in that restaurant any longer. So I paid and left. The full meal was still on the table.  Never againNot in ten or hundred million years.Their owner is from Japan too. .well the female one...how could she let this be called Japanese food.  Its ridiculous!!!!!
3	I had high hopes and the food is good but the price is much too high. Don't these guys know they've got stiff competition? There are a couple of other Japanese places making excellent food for a fraction of the price. Bonsai bistro does have a relatively interesting sushi menu that does set it apart. If you are looking for different varieties of sushi (veggie, vegan) then,  this is the place for you!  I just can't get over the veggie tempura dish with literally 5 pieces of tempura on it! They were perfectly cooked though. I have to give them that. No fault with the food.
1	I love Japanese food and "Bonsai" in Broughton St is very good. So, I decided to give "Bonsai" in West Richmond St a go instead.BIG mistake!Upon arrival I was shown to a table in a corner and a waitress took my order. Nice and simple, Gyoza Soup, followed by Assorted Sashimi.A couple came in and were seated next to me, but had both their soup and main course served before me. Not good.I was served my soup which was good and crammed full of flavors, the pork parcels were delicious, too bad there was only two of them. I had to ask for a spoon so I could eat the soup (the waitress neglected to bring one to the table).The "Sashimi" consisted of 2 scallops, 2 pieces of a fish I didn't recognise, 2 prawns, 2 pieces of Tuna and 2 pieces of Salmon with a small dollop of Wasabi. I was astounded that there was no slices of pickled Ginger (used to refresh and clear the palate between different fish). As is customary for me, I tasted the Wasabi and much to my disappointment it was far from fresh/strong to the point where I was able to put the remainder in my mouth without the slightest sweat breaking out, no pain endured and the local ambulance boys could sleep easy.Sashimi has to be of the very highest quality, and sadly this serving was not. The presentation was awful and the fish tasted and looked like it was far from fresh. Also, the size of the portions were evidently not as big/generous as Bonsai in Broughton Street.I asked myself, was it mere coincidence that the couple who got served before me are their soup and left their main dish and just left?!The waitressing staff were far more concerned about bookings and the layouts of the tables and seemed to lack any enthusiasm.Bonsai at Broughton Street has bigger portions, better presented dishes, a bigger interior, wonderful, helpful and courteous staff and a lovely, unforgettable experience. I'll never visit Bonsai on West Richmond St. again, only Bonsai in Broughton Street.
5	I am rarely  in Bonsai Newington these days, mainly due the vouchers being for the other shop. Voucher in hand we wandered along to one of my previous lunch go to spots.  We have a default order on the Bonsai menus and add in a special here and there. Looking around the decor had been adjusted over the years but nothing drastic other than an over hall in the gents. The place was as I remember - quirky and pokey in a good way. We grabbed our standard dishes:agenasu - aubergine with chilli miso sauceavocado & red pepper makiokonomiyaki - traditional Japanese vegetable pancake agedashi tofu - in soy broth with spring onion & gingerAnd opted for some specials of Inarizushi & Chicken Karaage, Sake fried chicken.The food was amazing! The okonomiyak was a different league to the Broughton street shop as was the agenasu. The specials were hit and miss. The  Inari wasn't to my taste this time, but it wasnt bad. The Chicken Karaage was fantastic, think of the best southern fried chicken wings you can get and add asian flavours. I have been craving these since. Overall the service was great, attentive but not overly so. The decor and ambiance was just right and the food blew me away. This isn't the best sushi/Japanese food, but balancing price versus, location, etc etc this wins hands down for me.
