1	Would not go back. Had an 11 o'clock appointment On Mother's Day to get pedicures with my nine and 10-year-old daughters. We arrived a few minutes early, chose our nail color, and went to go sit down. Our chairs were ready however, when we put our feet in the water it was scalding hot. We took our feet out and sat and waited for someone to come over. We told them about the water so they drain the hot and added barely lukewarm water. We put our feet back in the water and there we sat for 30 minutes. By this point, the water is ice cold. Someone finally comes by and I remind them that we had an 11 o'clock appointment and it is now 1130. They said it would be just a few more minutes. Finally someone started on one of us around 1140. To make up for the lateness, they offered a free design. However, the children's pedicure already comes with a design. And I had no desire to have a design on my toes. So the pedicures finally get started, and the guy continuously makes comments to my daughters about how pretty their nails look and how all the guys are going to like them. They are nine and 10 years old! My nails turned out acceptable, my one daughter's nails had a lot of missing spots. My other daughter got a design and it looked like a kindergartner had drawn it. Very disappointing experience. Would not go back here again.
5	Overall good decent small neighborhood nail spot. I go there for regular spa pedicures. For $20 pedicure everything is included...massage, callus removal, sugar scrub, hot stone, hot towels. They are open seven days and wait is usually less than 10min. I agree with other reviewer about really hot water but if you tell them they adjust temp with cold water. But I like the hot water. They always have coupons too.
5	Like many, I've been to many nail salons in strip malls and this by far is my most favorite place. It may not look super deluxe and is pretty simply decorated but what makes this place really stand out is the friendly staff! Love Mindy, Jenny and Tran! These people are soooooo awesome, they know my name and my moms name and ask us how each other are doing every time were in. Very personable and nice place! BTW Mindy and Tran (owners) do the best eyebrow waxing EVER! My eyebrows have never looked this good. Prices are extremely reasonable. Great great place
