5	The creamiest ice cream in town. Unique delicious flavors like Green Tea and Ginger.  The atmosphere is funky thanks to some cool furniture. It is the eccentric modern ice cream parlor. The owner is a cute and nice little man and he even gave a small cone to my baby nephew for free!
5	Delicious, and family-owned which I love.  Soooo creamy.
5	This place is fantastic!  A great place to go to treat yourself.
5	three words: ginger ice cream!!!
4	Elizabeth Creamery serves up a great variety of ice cream flavors. I'm partial to banana-flavored desserts, so I tend to get the banana ice cream. But they've got tons of interesting flavors to try. My only complaint would be that they really need outdoor seating for the summer months. The shop is in a great row of restaurants and businesses on Elizabeth Avenue. There's a lot of construction there right now, which can be frustrating, but don't let it deter you from an ice cream fix.
1	Maybe I just had an off visit, but I really did not like this place.  The couple who served us was very nice, but my son's ice cream tasted like stewed tomatoes (I swear - he is six and it is the first time he has ever thrown out ice cream).  I got frozen yogurt and it had freezer burn.  I guess no one else is ordering frozen yogurt so it was sitting for awhile.   Also, our order (two small cones)  was almost ten dollars. The ice cream flavors did look really good though.  I am still searching for a decent ice cream/ frozen yogurt place in Charlotte.  I am really surprised by how few there are!
5	My brother found this little mama and pop shop. All their ice-cream is homemade which makes it even greater. My blueberry cheesecake was succulent, creamy, and full of blueberry flavor! I haven't been a big fan of normal ice cream since this whole frozen yogurt and gelato craze but that blueberry cheesecake was amazing. I am salivating as I type. Too bad I will never get to indulge in it ever again :( *sighThe spinning table were also pretty entertaining.
5	Everyone with or without children should eat here!  This family-owned ice cream shop is located near Presbyterian Hospital.  It is very easy to park on the street or in the lot across the street and walk a few yards to enjoy some delicious ice cream.  Being that I have three preschoolers, as soon as they saw that this place offered pink and blue ice cream they were hooked.  My son ordered the blue - also known as Smurf flavor.  My daughters ordered the pink flavor - bubblegum I believe.  I ordered a kids size  coffee ice cream and the flavor was incredibly smooth and delicious.    All of the flavors are homemade - many of the flavors are quite unique - green tea ice cream and ginger certainly piqued my interest.  As soon as the weather gets a little warmer I can see myself sneaking down here before preschool pick-up to snag a milkshake!  Can't wait!
4	I saw the reviews on yelp and had to try it myself. I like to try homemade ice cream wherever I go. I was delighted to find they had redbean ice cream! Delicious! They have a large selection of flavors including all the usuals. My only complaint would be-- I wish there was more outdoor seating. The day I was there they had two benches outside. I think it's morally wrong to eat ice cream inside in nice weather.
4	Elizabeth Creamery has nice, creamy ice cream in lots of flavors, and it's a cute little place to go and have a sundae.  I always wish that the ice cream flavors were a little more bold and adult, but I think they have tuned things more to a kid's palate -- the flavors are good but very mild.  It'll remind you of ice cream you had as a kid and that's not bad at all.  Just don't come here expecting super-dark chocolates and intense, saturated modern ice cream flavors.  They do have a few "exotics" like ginger and coconut and, on our most recent trip, "beer".  Didn't try that one though.
5	Awesome.  This place is awesome.I had a free sample of the beer flavored ice cream.  It was very beer like and tasted like ice cream at the same time.  Amazing!I ended up getting red bean and cherry.  Great mix.  On a sundae.  With nuts.  Seriously, if you haven't been here, check it out.
5	I have been going to Nothing but Noodles and always saw a lot of adults and kids at this place and always said I was going to try it but was always TOO full when I left Nothing but Noodles.This time I got ice cream first before I got dinner. I am SO glad I did. I got the praline flavor and it is delicious! Its the perfect blend of milk, sugar, caramel, and peanuts. Pure heavenly bliss. I'm sure the other flavors are great as well, but I'm going to get praline one more time before I try the others.My aunt in law had surgery today and I will be getting her ice cream to make her feel better :) - they also sale assortment of ice cream tray which will be perfect for a childs birthday party! NO MORE BEN & JERRYS FOR ME!
3	It didn't find this place too exciting or exceptional.  The servers were nice and they had a typical selection.  I'd say it is a little overpriced and I would probably just hit up a dairy queen or something to get my ice cream fix.
3	Whoa, what's the deal here?  Come on people, it's just ice cream.  Good ice cream, but nevertheless, good ice cream.Got a cone, and it was good.  Bonus points for giving out free samples and staying open late, you never know when someone will want a fix for a $5 cone.
3	I was jonesing for a hot fudge brownie sundae last week and looking for somewhere other than my usual haunts, so I hit up Elizabeth Creamery.  I went for the jugular (or better yet, the glycemic index) and ordered a hot fudge brownie sundae with coffee ice cream.  There were atleast 30 flavors of ice cream and frozen yogurt (including some low fat options, but who cares?) and the gentleman who took my order was quite friendly.The ice cream was pretty creamy and the brownie was a tad dry.  For $6 and some change, I was hoping for another scoop or so.  The ice cream is kinda pricey, a single cone is $2 and some change and I didn't swoon over the flavor, texture, etc.  Though I might return if invited by someone, its doubtful to make my list of ice cream joints.
4	Very good ice cream. My son enjoyed it very much.
3	On our way to the car after dinner on Elizabeth Avenue we saw that the "Open" sign was still buzzing in Elizabeth Creamery. As I'm a treat fanatic, we decided to stop in and grab something sweet to round out our evening. The decor inside was very cute and they offer a ton of ice cream flavor options (don't forget to walk past the cash register to check out the flavors further back in the store). The cute older woman behind the counter was very helpful and friendly, and the portion size was humongous. I got one scoop of the mint chocolate chip in a cake cone (I know, predictable...but it's my favorite) and my boyfriend got a cup with two scoops of cookie dough and chocolate syrup on the top. We both liked our choices but mentioned that there could have been more chocolate chips/cookie dough chunks in our respective flavors. Cost for these two items was a bit steep at $9, but I understand due to the location. With parking a-plenty and tons of ice cream, sundae, and smoothie options, this is a great place to hit up on a warm southern evening.
5	There are some days when nothing but rich, creamy, cold, delicious ice cream will do. For those days ( and many other days as well) there is Elizabeth Creamery.Their pralene flavor never ever fails to put a smile on my face or a smack on my lips. I know they have other flavors an that they are great (because I have theived some from someone else's cup) but pralene is where it's at for me.The space is pretty standard for an ice cream shop: white accented with bright colors and a handful of plastic tables and chairs. The couple who runs the place are always smiles all around. Is it more expensive than DQ, yes, but it's pretty comparable to fancier chains like Coldstone. My only complaint is that I wish they were open later, but I think that for the sake of being able to put on pants it's good that they aren't.
3	If you own an ice cream shop one would think you would be a little friendly but they barely muttered a word to us the entire time...( It was the owner as his picture was on an article displayed on the wall) As I perused their vast selection I asked about one particular flavor "smurf" instead of offering a sample (which they apparently do but you have to ask for it) he just said what was in it,...it would have been nice to be able to try one or two before settling since there was quite a variety. I went with the caramel praline which really was tasty - very creamy ice cream...albeit a bit sweet for my taste but hey its ice cream so I can't fault them for it being sweet! Portions are huge in fact I ended up transferring half my ice cream to my dads dish. While I do think the ice cream was pretty good, I think I may try Rita's next time as the service here was as cold as the ice cream itself....
3	I felt compelled to get a brownie sundae last night and I didn't want to drive all over town to get one.  Elizabeth Creamery is just a couple of minutes away from my home so we headed there.The ice cream was quite tasty and creamy, the fudge sauce delicious and the overall sundae aesthetically pleasing.  The brownie was just okay, but it was chocolatey and met my need.  What would have rocked my world would've been a soft, warm fudgy brownie. DX's ice cream sandwich was also okay, the ice cream part again pretty tasty but the cookies would've been better if they were softer.  Probably a better place to get a simple cone than a sundae.  The focus here is definitely on the ice cream itself.
5	I love coming here for ice cream. I don't like going to the major chains for my treats (that whole support the small business thing). The owners are of Korean decent and don't speak solid English. He makes delicious hand-made ice cream, so I could really care less if he doesn't seem as "friendly" compared to a scooper at B&J. Don't get me wrong though, the husband and wife duo are friendly and help you with what you want. The tables and chairs inside are definitely unique! Anyways, the ice cream is wholesomely delicious. The selection of flavors is plentiful and the yogurt is just as good. The only complaint I have is the waffle cones don't have a taste to them. However, I just come for the ice cream so it doesn't really bother me. If it's you and a date, expect to pay about $8 depending on your size and choice of cup or cone. Excellent dessert choice!
5	This is very good Ice Cream and Sherbet.  The Owner/Craftsman may take a few questions to warm up to you, though he answers questions politely, he does not need to be friendly to win my business, the Ice Cream does that!  Yesterday it was Coffee Flavored Ice Cream and next time Grape Sherbet!  The shop has a cool look!Ongoing list of flavors I have checked out: 1. Coffee                  [at least three times]2. Grape Sherbet   [at least three times]3. Cappuccino        [at least twice]4. Ginger 5. Banana6. Coconut7. Dark Chocolate  [at least twice]8. Pistachio             [at least twice]
4	Uhhh...Beer-Flavored ice cream? Sign me up.Any guy that can make homemade ice cream in Elizabeth with limited space and still churn out (pun intended) over 40 flavors has my appreciation and undying loyalty. I'm not an avid ice cream goer, but whenever I get to visit EC its alway so nice to try a new flavor. There is always something you haven't tried since your last visit. Last visit, I had the mint oreo and it was fanstastic. No big chunks of cookie, nice and smooth. Versatile enough to be in a cone or a cup. I've had tons of other flavors in the past. Coffee, Red Bean, what seems like 50 different kinds of chocolate. All delicious and all unique in some way. Rather reasonably priced for being hand crafted and in the heart of Elizabeth, a stone's throw from Uptown and fantastic. Gotta love the funky interior, too. Really strange chairs. My recommendation is to head out and walk around Elizabeth Ave. If it's a pretty day, its just nice to be on the street. It's a relatively quiet avenue. Read the story that's on the wall in the shop. What a great little tale of a man making ice cream. Definitely will make you appreciate his craft even more. Definitely more unique and memorable than any other major ice cream chain. If you're in the Elizabeth area on a hot summer day or if you're not battling lactose-intolerance, you won't be sorry you stopped in.
4	This past Sunday, we biked along the newly extended greenway from Freedom Park to its end at Elizabeth Ave.  It was kind of sad to have reached the end so quickly, so I had this great idea to bike up the street to Elizabeth Creamy for a tasty frozen treat!We arrived at the storefront and were a little disappointed to find that there were no bike racks.  We tied and locked our bikes to each other and went inside, figuring we could safely watch them anyways.  Plus, sadly, the street was practically deserted on a beautiful Sunday afternoon.  Elizabeth Ave merchants should really try to capitalize on its new greenway customers!Having had the most amazingly seductive butterscotch pudding ice cream a few years ago at Cold Stone Creamery, I opted for the butterscotch flavored ice cream at Elizabeth Creamery.  Unfortunately, my expectations weren't exactly met.  It was very tasty and creamy, but it didn't have that butterscotch zing I was hoping for.  It was more like a mild shock.   Fortunately for me, there are about a bazillion other flavors for me to try in the future.  And, best of all, Elizabeth Creamery's prices are extremely reasonable when compared to every other chain ice cream or fro-yo store.  They're also open crazy-late for anyone dining out who want to swing by for a cheap, delicious treat afterwards.
1	Really surprised at the reviews here.  Yes, it is ice cream (which like pizza, is good even if it is bad) but there was zero flavor in either of the 2 flavors we got. We got a vanilla cherry milkshake and a green tea cone dipped in chocolate topping...and both tasted like vanilla.....and the milkshake was watery.....blah. I had high hoped since this is walking distance to our house, but we won't be back. The owner didn't even speak to us as he served us either.  Kinda sad, I wanted to love it, but back to the hunt........
2	I love supporting local and was excited when I moved to Charlotte a few months ago that a local ice cream store was only a 4 block walk from our apartment! I have been to Elizabeth Creamery four times now and have always been happy with my experience. Although the ice cream is not phenomenal, I would much rather go here and support a local company than any big ice cream chain. Something that always bothered me however was the service. Since I do live close, I seem to stop by this store when it is rather quiet and I'm the only customer there. I have never been greeted upon entry and always felt a little rushed to make my order. They do have so many delicious choices that it does take me 5 minutes to decide!! Today the owner was tapping his hands on the counter waiting for my husband and I to decide and it made me feel a little unwelcome. However, that is not why I'm writing. Today I was curious to know just exactly what was in the ice cream. I have am a huge supporter of eating "real" food with ingredients I can pronounce and was curious what the craftman put in his ice cream. In retrospect, I probably should have just asked how he makes the ice cream and with what ingredients but instead I said, "Are there preservatives in your ice cream?" The owner said rather mean, "Preservatives? I don't know what that means?" I then responded, "the ingredient you can put in that gives it a longer shelf life?" and he said "I don't know what that means". I guess writing it all down doesn't make it seem all that bad, but to me it was the tone of voice and the customer service provided. Just made me feel sad that I now know I will not be going back to this local creamery nor recommending it to anyone. Honestly, I'd rather go to Dairy Queen than support a company that treats their customers in this fashion. Yes, maybe there is a language barrier present, but kindness and respect are a nonverbal language in themselves.
5	So I'm just going to throw this out there. I'm sick of froyo. Sue me. It's just everywhere, all the time. Sometimes a girl's gotta clog her arteries, yo. So as everyone's said, this place is a gem in Elizabeth, so much so I have dreams about it. I love the sweet Korean couple that run it, but I love the blueberry cheesecake more. I will definitely have to try the beer ice cream next time because my fave cake is chocolate stout cake. Want something lighter?  Green tea is the way to go, and you'll get antioxidants too :)  So fresh and bright. Love it. They're open late, in case you need a post-bar hopping or dinner run long snack. Not that I know about that.
4	Not sure how I've missed this place but I'm so glad to say I won't be missing out anymore!  It's right around the corner from our new school.  I didn't notice right away, only after I saw someone else going in.  They have a great mix of normal flavors to some very unique flavors that I couldn't bring myself to try.....and......you guessed it.....homemade waffle cones!!!
4	What a delicious treat! Went here with a friend and enjoyed every last bite of my black cherry ice cream. Everything is handmade and it tastes that way! Would definitely love to go again!
5	Anytime that I can, this is my choice for Icecream. When you walk into the place that smell of the freshly baked cones mixes with the icecream scent and hits you like a ton of bricks instantly acting as the conduit for your own personal time machine, bringing you back in time to when you were a child and had to stand on your tippy toes to see the ice cream in the glass case. Suddenly you feel giddy and filled with wonderment, as this isn't just mere ice cream that they sell, its your childhood topped with rainbow sprinkles. The owners (or at least workers who I assume to own the place) are a lovely Asian couple that always greet me with a smile and a "hello". Great place to bring a date too ;)
4	Delicious ice cream. Well maybe the best in Charlotte, but I could give five stars for two reasons. 1. The owner doesn't have very good people skills & 2. The sugar cones taste horrible.
4	You had me at the words "beer ice cream."Having been a couple of times, and finding the ice cream to be all that you'd hope, I can't imagine why people aren't lining up around the block for the stuff.Inventive flavors, along with standard favorites line the freezer. Their waffle cones look amazing, albeit huge. It's a commitment to order one of those! I opt for the cup and savor the delectable treat slowly.Customer service is on point...although never accused of being speedy. Plenty of inside seating, or you can do what we did...loiter on the sidewalk in the waning moments of sunshine before dusk.As for the beer ice cream, it doesn't taste overly beer-y. It's creamy, malty and rich, but doesn't taste like drinking a pint. It's worth trying, if only for the novelty. Next time, I'll probably get half beer, half vanilla. And then I will die of happiness.
4	Great ice cream. The peanut butter, fudge brownie and classic chocolate chip are all tasty choices to try! Then again in general homemade ice cream always tastes so much better!!
4	We finally tried this place, and what a find!I tried the green tea ice cream, which I loved! The beer ice cream was alright for my taste, but that is not to say you shouldn't have it. I just picked green tea over beer (haha, that sounded funny in my head because it's the exact opposite with beverages). The butterscotch is pretty good too. My boyfriend had the mint oreo and red bean. I loved the red bean too, and stole most of it from him.I had read some reviews about the owners being unwelcoming. Yeah, it did feel that way at first, but then I told them how much I loved their ice cream and I got a smile. Not just that, we were back the very next day and both of them gave us friendly smiles. It does not bother me so much that they didn't strike up a conversation or greet us when we entered. I'm from India, and as an Asian myself I can definitely tell that Asians will not always go over and beyond to be friendly, but if you talk to them and get them to warm up, they can be pretty hospitable. I was there for the ice cream, and I got the best friggin' ice cream in Charlotte at Elizabeth Creamery.
1	Going into it, I did have high expectations based on the ratings and reviews I had seen.  My husband and I got cookie dough and cookies & cream.  We both left completely unimpressed with at taste of sour milk in our mouth.  Maybe we just got a bad batch?  I don't think we will be going back again anytime soon.
4	Elizabeth Creamery is the only ice cream shop in Charlotte that makes their own ice cream, as far as I know anyway. They have a lot of flavors to choose from and every one I've tried has been good. They have delicious hot fudge for sundaes but unfortunately do not have hot caramel. Their waffle cones are not the best--they are thinner than what I normally find at ice cream shops. So they don't have a lot of the topping and fixings that you find at many places but their ice cream is good and made fresh.
5	Tried this place today and was very impressed.  Over 40 flavors and it's all made there in the shop.  I love ice cream and like to support independent little shops like this when I can.  My wife and I each got a single scoop and it was $6 and change, so the people saying they paid nearly $9-10 for two single scoops are either lying or rounding way up.  Also, if you know the owner is foreign and doesn't speak English very well, it seems rather petty to whine that he isn't friendly enough by engaging you in small talk.  His English is better than your Korean (or mine) so let's not be rude, ugly Americans about it.  I thought he was friendly enough, but I guess I went there for ice cream, not in search for a new best friend... Silly me.  If you're anywhere near downtown Charlotte and you like ice cream, give this place a try.
4	Very yummy homemade ice cream.  I had butterfinger. My son had strawberry and my daughter had chocolate.  Both were very yummy!  My husband had mocha and liked that as well!
4	Tucked in next to Customshop (for the time being) is Elizabeth Creamery, a mom & pop ice cream shop, owned by the same folks who started the Carolina Creamery in Mint Hill many years ago (they don't own Carolina Creamery any longer).Depending on when you stop in, the place is either packed, or standing almost empty. And because it's a mom & pop place, you may not find every flavor you want - for instance, the beer ice cream may not be in stock. Just look at the cartons and see which are covered by lids. If they are covered, check something else, you are likely to find one that is a worthy replacement (try the red bean!).On the downside, they have just closed temporarily while they relocate around the corner, and are scheduled to reopen in February 2014. Get those tongues (or spoons, if this is your preference) ready!
5	Last day of business at this location!  Moving around the corner!This was my first visit with a few fellow Yelpers.  Creamy is right!  My coconut ice cream was a creamy delight that melted on my tongue.  So flavorful.  Locally owned and, reopening around the corner in February in a new location. I even got my cone for free!  Don't know why, but I suspect the owners were cleaning out inventory since it was their last day of business here.  They offered cool Asian flavors, red bean and green tea as a nod to their heritage.  After tasting the green tea, I almost opted for it.  They perfectly captured the flavor with out being too light.  Best wishes on their reopening.  What a great neighborhood gem!
5	Best Ice Cream in Charlotte. I know; I've been to Charlotte three times now.In all seriousness, do go and get some of their ice cream. I loved the stuff. Seemed like a family-owned affair, and is in a great little section of the queen city. It might be a bit of hyperbole, but I was tempted into thinking about driving back down from RDU just to have a few scoops.I love ice cream.
5	You can not beat this ice cream!! Ginger is fantastic!!! Closed last time I went by, but they posted a sign saying opening around the corner in February.  Hurry up February;  get here.
