1	The sum of my experiences at this office top to bottom are nothing less than upsetting for me. Gag orders that patients are forced to sign before receiving treatment sadly prevent them from speaking up and so I will say nothing else here about this office.  In my opinion, if you want good health, don't take loads of calcium as some doctors prescribe... rather start with reading The Calcium Lie, (possibly also Stop The Thyroid Madness), begin a whole body cleanse, and go from there.  Happy health to you!
2	MAs who can't take accurate blood pressure readings (if I'm really 160/100 on two different BP meds, I should probably be in cardiac ICU). Nurse practitioner who doesn't answer her phone or return VMs. Doctor who interrupts when I start to describe my symptoms. Redundant paperwork; really, is it that friggin' hard to use mail merge to copy patient info to multiple forms?In fact, I don't know why I'm giving Chandler Endo two stars. Guess I'm feeling generous today.
1	I had RAIU done at Dobson Imaging earlier this week (Tuesday morning). The tech there said Chandler Endo would have my results by the end of the day. Today, *Friday*, Christine called at 1115 and left a message for me to call back before noon as the phones were being turned off for the weekend. I called at 1125 (which is, last I heard, before noon) and left a VM. And 1150. And 1155. 1156. 1157. 1158. Guess who never called me back.If the practice is too busy to efficiently handle their patients, then they need to stop taking referrals and unf*ck their system. I'll be giving my GP an earful and demanding a referral to a different endocrinologist on Monday.EDIT, 10 July: Dr Belitsky somehow missed that my thyroid is 3x larger than normal, crammed full of nodules, and producing no, as in  less than 0.01mg/dL, TSH. This is beyond malpractice and into butt-monkey incompetence. I've since transferred to Endocrinology Associates, who (whom?) I'll be reviewing later.
1	This is possibly one of the worst medical offices I've had to deal with period, and I deal with a lot of doctors offices given that I'm a caregiver. I've had numerous instances where I've tried to get ahold of a doctor or nurse or somebody to Answer a few questions about the medication and can't reach anybody but voicemails. And to try to reschedule an appointment was an absolute nightmare. Was on hold forever and only to be sent to another extension where of course it went straight to voicemail. I don't understand why either because anytime were in the office it's us and MAYBE one other patient. Avoid this location/office at all costs!
