4	I love this Mexican restaurant!  Great covered patio, tasty chips and salsa, excellent Mexican beer selection, and cheap prices on food!  Ole!
4	this is a great mexican joint in pineville. great outdoor patio area with large tvs. the inside decor is pretty standard mexican restaurant so i usually choose this place in warmer weather. chips and salsa are good. they have a wide variety of beer. food is relatively cheap and fast. good portion size.the food here has never wowed me but i have really never been disappointed either. this is a great place to go for a leisurely lunch or dinner with friends.
5	Amazing Mexican restaurant!  You need to try the shrimp tacos and the guac. This place is one if the favorites.
5	Great food, good and quick service.  Nice atmosphere although they have changed locations recently to a larger building... Muy bueno!
1	This was my first time there as my friend bought me dinner for my birthday.  He knows I love good Mexican food.  I must admit at the beginning I really love the food. The service was just OK perhaps we were late. I really planned to give good tips as I asked how late the waitress would work caused we'd stay after dinner to dance.One thing that I felt like being scammed as there was a 15% tips on the bill without prior notice.  I do know many restaurants will pre-add 20-25% service charge for party of 5 & above (with signs) but not 2.There are many restaurants selling liquors that is the highest profits business but don't fool customers who are drinking. I was still sober as I need to drive.If they have fine print for that sur-charge, pls show to me with light.Sorry if I've upset anyone to this place. On my way home, I felt so thirty that I poured a liter of water into my body once I got into my house. Perhaps caused by the seasoning they put in the food.I'll still visit this place as there is food, drink & dance.
5	I LOVE THIS PLACE!!! I own family business, and we go every Friday to this place for Mexican Lunch...it's fantastic as always!! The staff are awesome & super-friendly, the food is always fantastic (pretty much had everything), and I love their new restaurant, nice and big!!! Thank you, I would highly recommend this place, does a great job!!!
4	The place is spacious, and inviting. I enjoyed my meal and thought my waitress was beautiful, but that's not the point of this review. lolDishes are plentiful, well plated, and great service. Check it out for lunch with a group of friends.
5	Coming from san diego we always love finding good tex mex restaurants. We found el veracruz 5 years ago when it was located just up the street from where it is now. This place is great, staff is very friendly, service is very fast and i have never had a bad dish here. Even after 5 years we re still regulars, eating here aboutonce a week. I would recommend el veracruz to anyone looking to get away from chain mexican food establishments.
4	7 of us visited for lunch on a Saturday (adults and teens).  Service was very good and everyone enjoyed their entrees.  The lunch entrees were just the right size and ordered off the regular menu and the portions were very large (may want to consider splitting between two people.Based on this experience, we will definitely be visiting again.
4	Quick lunch. Cheerful, Attentive staff. Food is the traditional Mexican cuisine you are used to enjoying. Ive never dropped by after hours but we are staying at the hotel next door for a wedding in May..should be fun :)
1	This place was horrible when it came to customer service. The food was ok but the customer service of resolving issues was ridiculous. We were having a going away thing for a family member and we weren't informed before we had dinner that we would be forced to pay a $10 cover charge to stay when they play music at night. Which they only move tables and chairs to make room for a dance floor, its not worth a cover that high. We had called ahead to tell them there was going to be about 50 people coming and no one told us about a cover. We spent over $200 in food and drinks, and one of my friends was yelled at to pay a cover or get out. He then proceeded to try and grab her to take her out. Then the so called owner came out when we asked to speak to him and he said he couldn't do anything about the cover because it was a live band even though we had already spent a good bit of money on food and drinks. He even admitted that he should have had better communication with the people coming in the restaurant. But still had us leave. I will never go to this restaurant again. If this is how the management is then they need to take a serious look at how they treat their customers and Change it.  I have never been treated so disrespectfully in my life.
4	We loved this place when it was up the street.  I thought they had closed for good and was so happy to find them again!  Sadly, i didn't know they had moved for over 2 years.  2 years without their wonderful cheese/beef dip!  Went back for a pick up order today of super chimichanga carne asada, and it was one of the best chimi's I have ever had, with fresh diced red tomatoes on top and guacamole!  We will definitely be going back to this one every time we get the urge for Tex Mex food.  (I was born in LA, so it is difficult to compare since back west the Mexican restaurants were true Mexican with more heat and usually better guacamole.  I even have eaten street vendor beef tacos in Baja California and in Mexican restaurants in Caborca, MX, and most USA Mexican is Tex Mex.)  But still berry, berry good ;-)
3	Looking for something different down in Pineville, we stumbled into this place - good thing, because there is almost no way to find it unless you are really looking. There is next to no signage that will lead you to believe that there is a restaurant here, and it looks like it's abandoned.While the inside isn't much to write home about, the service is actually quite good and very friendly. Food is brought out promptly as well. Good thing, because it doesn't give you much time to look around and run from the surroundings.While the food may not win many contests, it is definitely hearty and gets you full, with plenty to take home. It is perhaps not authentic, but it is worth a visit if you're in the area. The chipotle crema especially was tasty on a crisp day, as it had a nice bite to it.
5	Absolutely delicious food that is well-prepared.  I highly recommend the shrimp tacos and the fish tacos.  My husband loves the Veracruz "flag" burrito.  There is a fried cheesecake dessert that is the best one you will ever try.  We have always received attentive service and have always had a pleasurable experience dining here.  We enjoy sitting on the covered patio outside when weather is warm.
4	The food is pretty good here and the prices are very reasonable.  It's my boyfriends favorite new Mexican spot.  Me, I'm a burrito girl and they have several different types on the menu but not exactly what I was looking so they have always made special accommodations for me and that's worth coming for.  The cheese sauce on my burrito makes it out of this world but their salsa is rather bland and I love cilantro in mine.  I always ask for pico and they happily bring it so I can add to my salsa for extra flavor.  The staff is very cheerful and personable.
3	We went here for my boss' birthday dinner. The margaritas were excellent (from what I was told) & the service was descent. We had a very large party of 14, and the food still came out in a descent amount of time, and everything was hot which is always difficult to get when you come in with so many people. Overall the food quality was good... I was disappointed with the desserts however, so my only recommendation is do not go here for fried ice cream because  you will be disappointed as well.
4	The Mr. and Mrs., along with their children, first started eating at this restaurant when they were the El Vallarta (on Main Street in Pineville).  We have always been pleased with them, not only for their food and service, but for the general atmosphere of friendliness.  When they changed their name and ownership from El Vallarta to El Veracruz, we stayed with them, as not much changed.  When they moved from Main Street to their present location, we stayed with them.  The food is consistently good.  The Mr. recommends the enchiladas verdes and the quesadilla Veracruz.  The Mr. says the torta was good, but contains too many jalapenos.  He says next time he will request they leave them out.  The Mrs. finds that they are willing to accommodate alterations to her order, and very willingly too!  This makes her very happy.  Younger Son loves this restaurant. This is usually his first "go-to" choice.  When you are seated, a generous basket of chips and salsa is served.  The Mrs. finds the salsa too hot.  Unfortunately, the only alternative is something that tastes like thin marinara sauce, not quite what she has in mind when she requests "mild" salsa.  This means she winds up ordering either the cheese dip or the queso fundido (woe to her waistline).  Get the queso fundido!  A bowlful of yummy heaven-on-earth for your mouth.The service is excellent; the servers always remember you; the owner is always  friendly.  It is good value for your money.The Mr. and Mrs. (and Younger Son) highly recommend El Veracruz..
3	Decent Mexican with a bit of a sports bar vibe to it. Like so many of the others in the Charlotte area - no better and no worse. A-OK.I had a burrito with chicken sort of thing, which came with the usual rice and beans. It was tasty and it was hot. It was good. My daughter chose a chimichanga and she enjoyed hers. The chips and salsa was good, but not the chunky style I prefer - this was more like a spicy tomato sauce.Would I go here again? Sure, why not?
4	I've been eating here for years, since they were located at the top of the hill in their old location. Now they're behind Talbots and harder to locate, which is a pity. This place would do very well with a driveway access onto a busy road. I would guess that its mostly the locals that come in here now, and its good enough that they've managed to stay open with only that kind of traffic. The food is well above average, and I'm especially fond of the House Special Dip. My wife is from Denver, Co, and mexican is her favorite food. Denver has a huge mexican population, and there are many, many authentic restaurants there. She rates this place with the best of them ! Good food, good service, reasonably priced. Worth the effort to find this place !!
3	I came here wanting to venture out and try a different Mexican restaurant l other than my usual favorites. This place is a little different sense it has a sports bar appeal. After I was sitting I was brought out the usual chips and salsa.  I wasn't impressed with the salsa u thought it was bland and the chips were cold. I ordered the vegetarian combo which included a bean burrito, cheeses quesadilla, and a chalupa. The burrito was bland but the chalupa and quesadilla were my favorite. My server was quick and attentive. I would rank this place as average nothing special.
1	I was so excited to come here after reading all the reviews. Gosh was I disappointed!! I ordered combo #1 and only the rice and taco was edible - the enchiladas were terrible. I also ordered guacamole which was disgusting and I could tell it was old. Don't come here! Azteca beats this place all to heck. Sure wish I could find a good Mexican restaraunt here!!
5	My husband and I ate here for dinner while on vacation.  We both felt that the food was as good as when we were in Mexico.  Authentic Mexican!   The guacamole was made fresh to order and served with fresh chips and homemade salsa.  My husband had Carne Asada and I Fajitas.  The seasoning used in the marinade was amazing.  If you are ever in Charlotte or Pineville NC don't miss this hidden gem :). Appeared to be a place the locals love.
5	Authentic Mexican food ! Wait staff are very attentive . Menu has great variety . Excellent food. The price is moderate for dinner 14.00 is the big meal ! Really big restaurant. Really clean restrooms. Definitely two thumbs up
2	Restraunt is clean and friendly, just lacks FLAVOR. Salsa is crushed tomatoes......Margaritas are out of a jug which the do not hide. Food portions are large but taste like bland spaghetti sauce. Meats have little flavor as well. If you cant handle seasonings or spice this is the place for you.
4	I'm glad this place is here. It gives the other local Mexican restaurant a run for its money. I haven't had one bad experience and I've tried just about everything on the menu .
5	The edit staff was very friendly and helpful, and the fajitas for two was delish!  Will definitely come back
3	After Monterreys i didnt think i could go to another mexican restaurant and be satisfied. This place does that. Most everything was cool.Do yourself a favor and go here. The food is good. Atmosphere is awesome. The one thing i don't get is that their salsa isn't great and you have to dress it up. Mexican restaurants have to make great salsa! If you candle spicy order their spicy salsa mix it with their regular and put some salt in it. Awesome! However i don't like to make a concoction at a restaurant. Thats the whole reason i go to restaurants.  Other than that their regular salsa taste like it came out of jar. You have to dress up ur food, and do it right. Thats why they only got 3 stars, other than that i enjoyed myself.
4	I love there food. Especially the guacamole...can't get enough!! I definitely would recommend it. Give it a try.
4	We LOVE El Veracruz! Our family has been coming here for almost ten years. Great food, good prices, very family-friendly.
5	My all time favorite Mexican Restaurant! The staff accommodates their guests to fullest.. even making some dishes that aren't on the menu!
4	We went for the first time tonight. My favorite has always been el Vallarta in Monroe, but since we moved to steele creek the drive is too far to go there. It's comparable but not quite as good. They weren't crowded at all. Atmosphere was good. Server could have been better.
