4	This location is right by my house, and is very convenient. The staff has always been very polite and helpful here- I have never had any problems with them. There's never been an issue with applying coupons at this location.
4	Need the perfect gift? Well look no further! I go here a lot to pick up some smell good stuff for my wife. Great deals all the time and a super friendly staff. A plus about this one is that it is close to my house so super convenient.
3	I love Bath & Body Works but this location is not the best. Lots of attitude and very little Customer Service, except for a few ladies but I can't remember their names.
3	In the past I've experienced such terrible customer service at this location I dislike coming here but today I didn't feel like driving all the way to another location. Wow they have changed! As soon as I walked in I was greeted and felt welcomed by Marcia? I'm not the best with names....As I looked around I was confused why the product I was looking for was missing and some was dirty but Kelly came over and she cleaned the product that was dirty for me, asked me what I was looking for, gave me advice for similar product, checked in later to make sure I was ok and when I got in line! She was simply amazing. I've never felt so cared about! My cashier was Heather and she was shy but didn't care that I needed two separate purchases due to my coupons and asked me how I wanted my gift to be wrapped! She thanked me at the end for coming in and asked if I wanted my receipt with me or in the bag and when I said in the bag she actually put it in the bag unlike past cashiers I've had!! Marcia was still there at the door and wished me a wonderful day and thanked me. As a previous employee of this company it was just nice to feel at home again and not be disappointed. I hate bragging but after providing great customer service you do technically expect to have it and today they surely did that for me :) but this location can't go up to 4/5 stars until the company provides them with more product!!
2	I gave it two stars only because it's close to where I live! Other than that there's really not much to like about this location because the staff don't greet you or acknowledge you when your in the store. When checking out they have attitudes and are very unprofessional. Today I bought candles and spent a pretty penny and the cashier didn't offer to wrap my candles and put then in three tiny bags that were very heavy and not protected.
