4	Decent ticket prices, good comedians, expensive drinks but that's Vegas for you. I would definitely recommend checking out the Laugh Factory as opposed to spending a couple hundred bucks on a magic show!
4	This review is for the room and not the comics.  I was there to see Murray Celebrity Magician last night.The room has not changed all that much since it was Brad Garrett's comedy club.  Gone are the famous comedian art from the walls and instead there are movie poster mostly from Jerry Lewis movies.The room is laid out the same with mostly four person round tables.  I still like this room as a performance center and I'm glad to see it being used by Murray and the comedians who are there for the Laugh Factory.  Let's keep our live showrooms busy in Las Vegas so we all have a lot of live performances from which to choose.
3	Whew I am glad we got these tickets for free. The comics just weren't that great. It was fun for what it was, but I understand why there are always cheap deals for tickets here. If you want to see a show in Vegas but not drop a ton of cash, it is decent. But if you are expecting a laugh riot, I would think again.
4	I;ve been here for a few shows, thus far and the shows have been great.  My only issue with this place is if you have a seat all the way in the back it is very hard to see any acts on the stage that is below the magicans waist due to other viewers infront of you.  So other than this one issue the place hosts many types of shows and is worth going.
3	This review will be short and sweet. The room has an intimate feel to it. You got small, round tables surrounded by 4 chairs spread all around the room. There is a bar at back for you alcoholics. The comedians they showcase are better than average. Everybody has their own brand of comedy and the audience is usually mixed. If you didnt come here to have a good time, then you're in the wrong place buddy. Go watch Criss Angel if you wanna waste your money and complain.
4	Scored a couple free tickets and got some awesome booth seating at this place and the comics were pretty funny :) Like others have mentioned, it does have an intimate feel to it and I think it really brings people more together.I think the prices are very reasonable for a show in Vegas. We didn't have to buy drinks though, so maybe that's why? Worth checking out! It is located inside the newly renovated Tropicana hotel.
2	If you're 50+, wanna watch a cheap show ($20-25), and laugh, then come here.If you're under 50, better off spending that $25 on gambling. Because you will not understand any of their jokes.  All I knew was, one lady was better at singing than being funny.
3	Reasonably price.  Just do you homework to ensure the comedians KNOW funny. Been several times; hit & miss. The drinks are.....well let me give an example Bottled Water $4.  Lol see even the bartender is funny.
2	Murray was a terrible show. "Magic" was very obvious, you could see everything that he was trying to hide. "Comedy" was also lacking.Tiny venue could be great for a small stand up show but DO NOT SEE Murray
1	its a hit and miss.there was one guy that was actually funny. and actually did stand up.Harry Basil was the main act and it was terrible.a room full of adults and hes changing is to cheap costumes.he should do kid shows. have a few bucks and want to take the chance....like i said hit and misstotally went on a night where it was a complete miss..
2	Not a great show. The host was ok, first act was good.  Headliner was the opposite of good. Extremely disappointing.  Disappointed overall. Go to another comedy show if you can. Or know the comedian before you go.
4	Great show! :) family friendly
5	Laugh Factory is my favorite comedy club. Saw a great comedian.
1	Murray was terrible! Do not waste your money. Every magic trick went wrong in every way.  There was only about 25 people in the audience and no one was laughing at his jokes or impressed by his tricks.  After the show his assistant and side kick came out to greet the guests but he was no where to be found. We know him from pawn stars and we felt like he was passionate about magic but there was NO sign of that at his show. He seemed depressed and slightly angry. Sorry to say but we were 100% disappointed.
4	Hung out here last month during our "Girls Quick and Dirty" trip to Vegas. My girlfriends saw the comedy show (I don't remember who the comedian was) but they said it was hilarious. Afterwards the rest of us met them there for the live band that was performing after the show. They were really good actually. They played R&B music and really worked the crowd into a frenzy. The club is open and really roomy,  the drinks were good and the people watching was PRICELESS!
3	3.5 Stars  :)I had a lot of fun at a Sunday night show here. The crowd was a good size and mostly enjoying the show. The three comedians they booked were hilarious and the host was ok. You can tell by the comedy clips they show while you wait (which was a nice touch) that they book some very talented entertainers. The venue had a few snags, though. We were seated very close to the stage, which was awesome, but my husband and I were placed exactly in line with one another, his chair directly behind mine. I didn't want to talk during the show or anything, but on our anniversary night it would have been nice to be able to hold hands. The arrangement of chairs kind of forced that sort of seating for some, but it seemed like the chairs were arranged around unnecessarily big tables. All anyone had to put on them was a cocktail. And only one cocktail. GIven the limited amount of time between seating and the show, and the sardine-pack seating, that was the only cocktail I got. At least, I suppose, there was no 2 drink minimum. And the show was funny enough that I didn't need another to help me laugh. We had the Tropicana player's club card which allows 2-for-1 tickets to the Laugh Factory. That made it a great deal.I really enjoyed myself and am glad we went here. Despite the couple snags, I would recommend going.
4	The Laugh Factory is a small cozy little venue that was great to see a show! They start seating around 6:15 for the 7:00 show.  They take a picture of your party before going into the venue.  Kinda cheesy but it is Vegas, right? They seated the many people in line in a quick and timely fashion. Unfortunately since the venue is small, there aren't any waitstaff but there is a small bar in the back.  The price for 2 beers and a soda came to $20.  Higher than I expected but I guess that's where they make their money.We were there with the family to see Gallagher.  I know he's a bit older and his popularity was big back in the late 70's and 80's.  But he was so funny!  If you are offended easily, don't see him.  But if you have a sense of humor and go with the flow, you'll love it!  I don't think he was afraid to offend anyone.  Many many jokes, old and new.  We had a fabulous time!  BONUS~ he was waiting outside of the exit doors with an opportunity to get an autograph and/or picture with him.  Since my hubby and his parents were huge fans, this was a 'Kodak' moment we couldn't pass up! Overall I would give the venue itself 3 but Gallagher brought it up! A memorable evening!
1	DO NOT waste your money at the Laugh Factory!!!     I had the dubious misfortune of taking my date to the Laugh Factory at the Tropicanna last night.  This was my second straight disasterous visit to this venue and it totally bombed again. I left feeling, tired, completely unentertained and FLEECED!   If the Tropicanna is going to charge $75 for two people to see a show, they need to do a hell of alot better than these hacks!!!  What a joke (no pun intended)!    Opening act Mary Patersen was excrutiating to watch and her febile attempt at comedy made me uncomfortable. At one point she seemed to get frustated with/at the audience. Hey Mary, you want laughs from your audience, write better material and be funnier. Don't blame US if YOU suck.     Headliner HARRY BASIL did some lame prop act based on movies. He pulled out all his most current, cutting edge,  relevant, and up-to-date bits based on : Arnold Schwarzzeneger, Michael Jackson, Star Wars, Titanic, Forrest Gump, Jaws, Rocky, Ghost Busters and Risky Business! Thanks for the trip down memory lane of the 1980s Harry! Got anything done in the last 30 years? Read that short list again (go ahead read it), the answer is NO.  "I'll be back", "Yo Adrian", "life is like a box of chocolats", Tom Cruise in RayBans and tighty-whities, YODA  REALLY ?!?!?!?    Was Jack Nichloson saying "Hear's Johnny" a little too over the top?  Was the audience not ready for "show me the money"?  Hey Harry, next time do Peppe Le Pew cuz you stink.     The M.C. "Kay-von" was actually pretty funny, therefore I begrudgingly gave one star cuz you can't give a half.     I want my money back.    The only laughs at the Laugh Factory are the ones coming from the people at the box office when you plunk your money down for this crap fest.  Don't do it!!!!Keith in Vegas
4	We got a 2 for 1 tickets because of staying in the hotel. I went with my boyfriend to the show and we really enjoyed it. The first guy was cute and funny. The second was ok and the last was Harry Basil. He was rediculous but hilarious! He's not what I would expect from stand up comedy. I love movies so i loved watching his show.Very entertaining!  I would have given 5 but I'm lowering it to 4 because of the prices of drinks$$pretty pricey
5	I've seen about 3 shows here in the last year, all hilarious. People on here should stop rating it based on ONE comedian they've seen. What about rating the club? Its perfect sized, the staff is helpful, and drinks aren't too expensive. And if you're going to complain about drink prices you probably shouldn't be spending any money on the strip. :) I highly recommend!!!
1	Tonight ruined it!I have been to the laugh factory almost every year when I come to Las Vegas and always had a great time. I brought people with us that had never been due to my previous positive experiences but none of them will be back now. Tonight 11/2/13 the feature comedian was hilarious but the headliner just sang songs and did no jokes. I come to the laugh factory to laugh not to see music impersonations. On my yearly trip to Las Vegas I will now be heading to the improve and won't be back to the laugh factory and wouldn't recommend it to anyone. I
4	Went to the Laugh factory last minute on our last night in Vegas because we found a groupon and were able to book the tickets an hour before the show.Very small comedy club but not in a bad way it is cool to be up front with the comedians.The acts were decent, no big names but we laughed plenty.Without the groupon the prices may have been a little steep.The place was dead on a sunday night not even half full.I might return for a bigger name.
3	This show is at Tropicana.  Gallagher performance at the Laugh Factory.This is not the old Gallagher that smashes everything.  If that is what you are looking for/wanting then you probably won't be happy.Gallagher does a very dark standup routine about his life and views.  You will laugh a lot at the jokes and some of them will just make you think.  I enjoyed the show AND I was expecting the old Gallagher.Gallagher meets you before and after the show to chat.  I find this a very nice touch.  He seems to be a pretty good guy.This club/location isn't very good.  The chair are uncomfortable and the setup is chaotic.  This is my least favorite location to see comedy.  I would give him an extra star if it was at a better location.https://www.troplv.com/las-vegas/shows-entertainment/gallagher-comedy-show
3	Pauly Shore's show was....weird!Break down:      25% weird     25% funny      50% sad.      The show starts with Pauly's dad coming out with some fucked up poem about how we need to love dogs. Next come another song about what he should have done when he was young. The man is 86 years old!  It was hard to watch him talk about the "good old days" while he dropped thing on stage and slurred his words. Next comes Pauly. Oh Pauly...you look like shit man. I love all your movies but your jokes are lazy and not planed out. Pualy seems frustrated to even be doing this gig. The Weasel rambles on about his childhood and his success in the early nineties. There really are no jokes. It's just him talking mostly. He ends with a bunch of scum sex jokes. In the end the jokes on the crown. The club itself is fine. I mean it's a dark room with tables and chairs. Two drinks will run you around 20 bucks.  The staff was nice and place is clean.
5	Laugh factory delivers another great show.  Rich Hall, Jeff Altman, and Harris Peet. Laughed until it hurt.  Tropicana has come along way.  Nicely remodeled with a retro feel.  The laugh factory room is intimate and staff was great.  We visit often and will be back to enjoy more laughs!
3	We stayed at the Tropicana and were looking for something to do on a Sunday night, so we used our Trop Rewards to get 2-for-1 tickets to the Laugh Factory.  It came to about $50 for 2 general admission seats.  Definitely sign up for Trop Rewards for this special price... there's no way I would pay full price for these tickets!  If you want a good seat, get there when the doors open about a half hour before the show.  We rolled in about 15 minutes before and had a decent table towards the front but off to the side.  This was fine with me, because I didn't want to be picked on by any comedians!  There is a bar in the back for drinks, which are ridiculously priced even by Vegas standards.  At first I was disappointed there were no waitresses coming around for drink orders, but after seeing the prices, we were probably better off!  We saw a total of 3 comedians who were all pretty good, and we did laugh a lot.  I did have a good time and would recommend the Laugh Factory if you're looking for something different to do!
4	Great show last Saturday.  Rich Hall killed it.  Excellent staff.  I would've enjoyed it more had the drinks been cheaper.  Adequate facility.
4	Wonderful room for comedy! Small and dark, just the way you're supposed to see comedians do their thing. Nothing fancy, just a few rows of tables, a stage up front and a bar in the back. Loved it!
3	I went to the Laugh Factory Saturday night with a group. Harry Basil was headlining, and I was not at all impressed. Andrew Norelli, on the other hand, who was before Harry, was great. I thought he was the headliner at first. I don't often get out to comedy clubs, but this is just what I expected- small, dark, lots of little tables clustered around the stage, a bar. It took some wandering around for our group to find it, since it's tucked away in the Tropicana. We eventually asked a casino worker, who pointed us in the right direction.  The laugh factory itself was fine.
3	Funny but I was a little underwhelmed. My friend's tipped the usher a $20 to get the front row OPEN seats and he put us in the back saying it was reserved,  he kept the $20. . Another guy let us sit a little closer but still there were less then 10 tables filled up so what gives. ..
4	My bf and I got discount same day tickets to the show here and we had a great time. I like that all  the staff is friendly , helpful and welcoming. the comedians and the host were all pretty funny.  You can expect to interact with the comedians if you get VIP seats. The venue is small small so there isn't any escape from that. if you're high anxiety about that definitely sit in the back.
4	Came here on a Thursday night, was surprised to see it near capacity for the 8:30 show. We ended up sitting on the right side which still had a great view and kept us out of the line of sight from the comedians so weren't picked on.Drinks werent as expensive as I was expecting - 2 mixed drinks and 2 Heinekens came to $34. Given Vegas standards, I was not displeased about that. Only flaw in the process is the are no waitresses and only 1 bartender tending to a long line of people. We had our picture taken on the way in while standing in front of a backdrop of the stage with a mic in front of us, and got to purchase it on the way out for $15. Ours turned out awesome so we couldn't help but get it.Bonus Factors: The ticket stub was good for a buy one get one free mixed drink in the Tropicana lounge downstairs, which we ended up redeeming after the show. Great funk and soul band playing in there, we ended up staying for most of the night!
5	I was here recently at the end of April along with my Hubbie and some friends of ours on a short holiday away from the extended Winter we're having in Calgary and also to celebrate our friends big 40TH!! Not knowing what we should do one particular night, other than gambling and seeing a Cirque show which we had done already-O, our friends looked into some attractions around town and found this local entertainment venue where we were staying (the Tropicana). We got our tickets for that night's show and were not disappointed one bit. Not only was the Host spectatularly funny but the headliners were even funnier. Never laughed so hard before. We all enjoyed the comedy thoroughly. Upon returning to the lounge afterwards for some more drinks, I realized I had left my iphone 5 at the table where we sat about 20 minutes after. I forgot to mention our table was dead front row and centre of the stage. Needless to say, the hubbie was picked on and teased by the comedian but was all in good fun. Anyways, I frantically returned to the Laugh Factory and told the gentlemen at the door about my phone. I spoke with Erik and Jorge. Erik immediately took me back inside and said, "Ah Yes, we have it!" and returned it to me without problems. I was so relieved and so grateful they had it and it wasnt stolen. I just wanted to give them a huge SHOUT OUT for being so helpful and courteous. They were very fun and friendly to speak with and asked me to post this as a favour in return for their good will. I would definitely return to the Laugh Factory next time I'm ever in Vegas again not only for the hilarious stand up comedy but also for the wonderful staff and service we received. Thanks guys!! :D
4	Could not stop laughing. Sister and I were literally in tears. Hate the tropicana. It's so dirty and way too bright. But I loved the experience of the laugh factory!
4	This was a perfect place for a laid back Tuesday night in Vegas. The ushers were very nice.  They offered to move us to VIP seating, but we declined (is it ever good to be in the sight of a comic?) All of the seating is good inside anyway. Drinks were a little weak and so were some of the jokes, but all and all a great time with lots of laughs.
4	Bought tickets to a show last week on Groupon, wound up with 2 VIP tickets for $35. Sweet. Upon entry I realized the venue was TINY and VIP seating meant I was sitting practically on the stage. Literally, had my foot resting on the stage during the show because my chair was touching it. Cool, but scary when you're at a standup comedy show since the front people usually become jokes... Yup. This happened. Though the venue was so small and not packed that pretty much everyone in the room became a joke at some point. Fun - and the small venue actually made it a more involved show, almost like we were a little crew with the jokes personalized to us. I still think they could promote this show better to at least fill the room and get the word out.Also the loss of star comes from drink prices. $6 for a 6oz water? Come on now. I don't even wanna know how much hubby's drink cost....
4	I had mixed feelings about our show here and probably would have given it only three stars had it not been for a surprise appearance by George Wallace at the end of the show that was HILARIOUS! The host was a nice guy and kind of funny, as was the featured comedian. I really tried to enjoy the headliner, Harry Basil, but I just couldn't get into his act. I love movies and he seemed like he was trying really hard, but it just kinda felt like I had wandered into a 12 year old boy's room and was watching him play in front of his mirror with his old Halloween costumes. When he actually talked and wasn't running around, he seemed really funny so maybe if he focused more on that instead of the movie thing it would be better. Like I said earlier, George Wallace saved the show for me, but since we didn't pay to see him it was just a bonus. My recommendation would be to go here if you're familiar with and/or a fan of the comedians playing, otherwise you might not laugh very much.
3	Not the best show,  I seen better but what do you expect to see when tickets are cheap. Over all had a good time
4	Obviously you have to be lucky and be at the laugh factory when there's someone funny there,  I've seen some really funny comedians here,  Gallagher put me to sleep,  basically a crabby old guy,  he ended with " this is my last joke " .I was happy I didn't have to listen to his stupid jokes anymore.
4	i just love comedy. The show was awesome for sure. I wish it wasn't in such a goofy hotel in Vegas...Tropicana? really? I can honestly say that i would go again....but only because i LOVE comedy
3	This place is hit or miss depending on the comics performing on a given night since they rotate out every 3 days or so. Each show features 3 performers and usually at least 1 or 2 of them are funny enough to have me laughing. The venue itself is pretty bare bones and never more than half full, if even. It's a show on the strip so pricey drinks are a given. I think I paid 4 bucks for a can of Coke once?
3	Stand up comedy at the Tropicana where the star of the show this week was Adam Rey, along with two other comedians. The jokes was very American and sometimes it was difficult for us Swedes to follow. Then I do not understand why there should always make jokes about drugs. Adam was funny, specially the farting, but would not visit it again.
4	Before my trip to Vegas I was searching Groupon for discounted tickets and restaurants deals. I found a Groupon to the Laugh Factory that included 2 general admission tickets at $40. We were planning to stay at the Tropicana on our trip and I figured that seeing stand-up comedy for $20/per person was a great deal. We looked up the comedians on the weekend we were there and decided Monday night looked the best. After buying the Groupon all you need to do is go to the Tropicana show ticket booth inside the hotel and pick up the tickets for the show you wish to attend. There are shows every night at 8:30 and 10:30 and seating is selected when you arrive. We showed up at 8:00pm on a Monday night and the line was short. The usher took our tickets and sat the two of us at a table to ourselves. The theater was very small so everyone had a good view and was close to the stage. I liked the intimate feeling of the venue. There was a host to the show and 3 comedians and I thought all of them were very funny and entertaining. For $20 this was a great show to add to our trip and I'd recommend going if you see it, especially with the Groupon!
