1	There is not much to a smog check, so I have to rate this location purely on customer service. As you can see from the stars,... it was not that great. The guy running the place has a severe case of "small man" syndrome. In other words, he hates everyone because god gave him a tiny body, so he is forced to compensate for this by acting like he rules the world. I don't mean to dis the guy but he was a complete jerk. He was annoyed with every customer that pulled up (including me). The whole experience was just very uncomfortable from start to finish.  I will probably avoid this location this time next year when I'm looking for a smog check.
1	I called to ahead to make sure the location I visited (3707 E. Flamingo) would accept the coupon listed on their website for Smog Check service of $17.99 (regularly priced $21.99). The attendant on the phone said yes the coupon shown on my mobile device would be fine and there was no need to print it out. When I arrived, the attendant was dismissive at best, not offering a greeting or "how can I help you?". Instead, he performed the smog check in silence and was unfriendly and curt in his responses when asked direct questions. When it came time to pay, he said that will be $21.99. I said, "I'm sorry, I have the coupon on my phone which you thought would be fine when I called a few minutes ago." Without apologizing or showing any sign of remorse, pointed to a letter sized notice in the garage stating coupons must be presented before the test is completed. He did not mention this policy on the phone when asked if he would accept the coupon. I apologized again and explained that I was the one who had just called. He said "how am I supposed to know if you're the guy when people are coming in and out all the time" (when I arrived, I was the only person at the business). I told him I would like to take my business elsewhere, and he said he would call the DMV to report a nonpayment. I told him I was disappointed in the way he was running his business would be calling the DMV to file a complaint. The attendant refused to give his name when asked. It just felt deceitful to his customers, and I'm sure I'm not the only one caught by the "must present coupon before service". At the end of the day, it's a difference of $3.00, so it isn't a make or break deal, but it just makes you feel bad about the quality of business this establishment provides to customers. And honestly...if he would have charged me $17.99, I would have given him a twenty dollar bill and said "keep the change." Instead I paid $22 and waited for him to give me the penny in change that was due. His loss. I'd like to add the largest visible sign states "No customers allowed in garage bay due to insurance reasons". The "must present coupon before service" is posted in the garage bay, and therefore not visible by customers.Although I'd love to see Smog Busters turn this complaint into a customer service recovery by going above and beyond and refunding my entire purchase, I really don't have faith in the business at all. The local DMV has been notified and is following up. I would hope other customers take heed of the "F" rating the BBB has issued at the time of this complaint, and to take their business elsewhere. Preferably somewhere that treats their customers with respect.
4	I can't disagree more with the bad reviews. You gotta be kidding me, "small man" syndrome?? Oh wait, better yet. . "He didn't greet me" Two of the most whiniest, prima-donna reviews I've ever read. Grow a man sack you two idiots. Did you ever think, he didn't wanna see your two ugly mugs? You think this guy wants to dedicate his 8 hours a day to waiting for scumbag reviews like yours? He owns a Smog Check station. Have some respect. . He's out there doing a service for you. And to he frank, he was completely nice, normal and kind. You see, I've traveled the world. You wanna meet idiots? Get a passport and check in somewhere abroad. While your at it, file for a life. He delivers results, courteous and a service we all need. Take your business here. Be happy, write a nice review. It's the way of America. For the record : 5 stars has to be EPIC. 4 stars in my world is as good as a 5. Night, \m/
