2	Tonight I went with my mom and the service was only barely passable. I had to ask for the bread. There were only 3 other guests seated & they had already been served.After our Meze tabagi (which I added the Lamb mini brochettes & Turkish pastry rolls stuffed with feta cheese), I said that I would be sharing a Grilled lamb chops. The server rolled his eyes; I was not asked how I wanted the chops prepared. When they arrived I was not offered pepper - I asked for it.The server left all the dirty dishes sitting in front of us when he gave us the bill and after completing the payment. Again - thou more guests had arrived - he had already served them.My first experience about a week ago was a positive one - the fresh flavors & colors were addictive. The service was friendly and efficient. It was Wednesday & by the end of our meal the restau was full. I gave a 15% tip.I was considering this restau for a family meal but I don't dare with this inconsistent service. My mom really felt unwelcome & said she'd never go there again.Tonight I left a 10% tip, which was generous given the service & attitude we received.
5	best Turkish restaurant I have been to. give this restaurant a try, you will not be dissapointed.
4	We tried the week-end brunch last week-end, and we all enjoyed our meal. Very different than the regular bacon-eggs-toast! Finally, something new and refreshing for brunch in the neighborhood! And HEALTHY :DWe all went with the special brunch, which brought tons of little plates: honey and butter (very sweet on your toasts); a kind of ricotta-cheese on tomatoes and cucumbers; a kind of 'spanakopita' (yet very light with the dough... I should've noted the names on paper, but I was too busy enjoying and tasting my meal!The server was absolutely amazing, fast and polite. He had a nice sense of humor too, especially with dealing with our girls' group. It's definitely a place I recommend in Verdun for a different kind of brunch experience!
1	I had a reaction to the Pancar Salatasi; no doubt to the canned or tinned beets. You would think for $6 for 2 bites of beets they could use a fresh one?
5	Service remarquable, bouffe numero un ambiance conviviale
3	My review is closer to a 3 1/2.,it's above A-OK but below Yay! I'm a fanThis is one of these restaurants that is a darling of the food literati in this town, I believe that it happens with ethnic restaurants when the chef can speak English or French with ease and when it's upscale enough that food snobs don't feel that they're eating somewhere beneath them. It loses points for it's location (I know it's close for some, but not for all). It also loses points for the waiter yelling at me from across the room not to sit at a particular table. The food is very good, but the portions are small and the price are a bit too high.We had the 5 Mezze platter ($30) which includes  2 small dolma, 2 bulgur kibbe, a small side of calamari and 2 different garlicky yogurt. For mains, we had the Su Kebab ($26), which was very tasty, but does not come with a side dish, it's cut up and draped on a thin loaf of bread, accompanied by a drizzle of sauces.We also had the aphrodisiac chicken dish ($23), a small quarter chicken, nicely done with rice and dried fruit.We had to fill out on bread just to feel a bit full.The desserts are in the $10 range, very overpriced as the portions are tiny.With 2 drinks, the total came to $140 before tip, so this is definitely on the pricey side.Authentic Turkish does not have to be expensive, the decor is modern Mediterranean, but minimalist. I would only bring somebody who does not want to slum it a the low key kebab places..
5	Yummy, and possibly the best service we've ever had in Montreal!We came to Su last Friday on a whim and are so glad that we did! Upon entering, the ambiance is very relaxed with awesome traditional geometric prints on the walls, and blue accents on the furniture. We were immediately greeted by our amazing waiter (wish I asked for his name because he really was the reason this is getting 5 stars!!) who quickly told us that he had a hunch that we were familiar with food from the region which we gladly confirmed. He explained a little bit of the menu and then came back a while later to take our order.An in-house bread basket came out with 3 different types of bread, all of which were super delicious. Our Turkish sangria came next and was very refreshing. We ordered the red pepper dip and the red lentil/bulgur patties to start and they were very good (although the bulgur were TO DIE FOR). Next came the main dishes. Hubby had the lamb shank which was falling off the bone, and I had the aphrodisiac chicken which was phenomenal. Although we were stuffed, we had to go for a dessert, and so we opted for the sesame chocolate cake. I'm pretty sure it's one of the best and most creative desserts I've ever had. I'd go back just for that, and I don't exactly have a sweet tooth so that's telling you something.The food was spot on, the service was impeccable, and the entire experience was amazing. I can't wait to be back!! ps. Just as a sidenote..two appetizers ended up being too much for us because their portion sizes are quite generous, so if you're planning on dessert, I'd go for one appetizer :)
5	I just went there with a close friend the other day. I can't believe the great service! It's almost as if I went to the USA! The waiters are extremely knowledgeable and passionate about the food which really shows! I tried the mezze, like tapas, for two, and just yum! They were able to make it strictly vegetarian too. I also ate the manti, just melt in your mouth goodness! Definitely another must go in Verdun.
5	We loved this restaurant.  We ordered the chef surprise- 5 tapa sizes side dishes they choose.  All 5 were terrific.  We followed this with a dish of eggplant stuffed with lamb. We had to wait 20 minutes but it was worth it.   Including a bottle of wine, tip and tax our bill came to $109 C.The service and atmosphere were first class.
5	One of the best fine dining Turkish restaurant. The chef must have tried hard to please customers with all the special dishes. Lamb chop was so delicious and they even have full bar with Raki and Turkish vine. Would love to be back again next time when I visit Montreal.
