5	Great service
1	DO NOT HIRE THiS GUY!!!!!! This guy is an incompetent attorney. I was arrested for DUI in November of 2012 for being in proximity of my vehicle. The Charge was reduced to reckless driving due to lack of evidence. It should have been thrown out but I live in Arizona and didn't want to travel back and forth for a trial. In July of 2013 when he went to court he forgot to take my signed plea to court. No big deal, the trial was rescheduled for two weeks later. The judge orders me to take an online DUI school. A MADD class, see a chemical dependency counselor and  a $700 fine. I do all of this, keep in mind that the counselor told me it was a BS case and she was not recommending AA classes. Ron goes back to court in September 2013 and loses my check for $700. I get a letter from him in October of 2013 stating the judge had added a $35 NSF fee because the check bounced. I had over $10,000 in that account. In addition the judge ordered me to 25 AA meetings and extended the case until August 2014. At this point I am furious. I completed all AA meetings by June of 2014. I called Ron out on losing my check and he said"if you don't like my results you should hire different representation". He finally goes back to court in August 2014 almost 2 years later and forgets to take my AA sign in sheet. The  case got pushed back two more weeks to September 2014. Finally after he decides to turn in my paperwork to the Judge my case got closed and amended to reckless driving in September 2014, almost two years later. Trust me! Spend an extra $500 to get a real attorney if you find yourself unfortunate enough to be in a DUI situation in Las Vegas. I don't know where Ron Colquitt attended law school, but he is very lackadaisical and unprofessional. The outcome of a DUI is way to important to be left in the hands of and incompetent attorney like Ron Colquitt pretending to know what he is doing!! If I could give him 0 stars that is what he gets.
1	Our family were victims of a home invasion. We planned to move out of state as Las Vegas is getting to the point people are advised not to answer the door to their own homes. My husband was arrested on a material witness warrant. I called Goodfellas Bail Bonds and the guy working there told me he could help if I came down to start paper work. I think the amount was around $11,000.00 to bail my husband out of jail, (I don't feel like searching for the bail receipt in the legal drawer right now), and I paid it at once. The guy mentioned his brother Ronald Colquitte was an attorney. He called Ronald Colquitte and I told him my husband was arrested on a material witness warrant. The part of bailing my husband out of jail had already been started. I waited for my husband to call from jail and he said to go ahead and hire Ronald Colquitte. Ronald Colquitte told me that he would help me find another hotel room since I was afraid of the police knowing which hotel we were staying in. So I followed Colquitte to the Tuscany. He said he would use his card for the room. I put the cash deposit down on the room. After that Terence and I were paying for our hotel rooms until the preliminaries. Colquitte did say we could sue after the case was over. When my husband would later ask Colquitte if he knew when he would be able to sue, Colquitte would tell my husband to wait until the trial was over before they discussed suing. Eventually Ronald Colquitte told us he was friends with all the DAs and prosecutors in the case. We understood it meant he wanted nothing to do with suing any of them. During one conversation with Colquitte I mentioned what we had lost, he cut me off and said, "before we start suing for bicycles..." He tried to belittle me by minimizing the amount of items and money we had lost down to only a few bicycles. At the end of the trial we found out my husband was suppose to have witness immunity. It was not mentioned or offered. We think Ronald Colquitte told his friends that my husband wanted to sue and people asked if my husband was going to sue the day he went in to testify.Another thing. My husband has never been convicted of a crime. He was treated terrible do to the fact metro officers responded poorly to us when they arrivde after the home invasion. Which I could not mention in court. As the DA said, "We don't want the police to look bad." I am actually upset that a person's review on here mentions he had a DUI, and his DUI was reduced to illegal parking. Many people are injured or lose their lives in DUIs. Even though Colquitte once insisted we contact him through his cell. He told my husband to contact his office to leave a message. The following week my Husband calls again and he got ahold of Colquitte. Colquitte said he will contact my husband with information. Yet my husband continues to pay this obscure attorney. I think Colquitte should confess that he had no plans of helping us to get our money back from the bail bond, hotel fees, and lost personal items. Yes the one or two nights Colquitte charged to his card are in our bill and we are current on our bill. We covered the rest of the days when we waited for the preliminaries. I did wonder why people in Las Vegas haven't asked what the police are doing about home invasions as I was watching the news in the victims advocate office and there were home invasions reported with one man killed. Looking at the other review I can guess what kind of things are more important to take care of. Well that's justice! ):
