5	Before my place of employment changed to downtown, this was my former gym. The exercise equipment is clean and is always being updated. No matter the time of the day, there is always a class (even water classes for water sports enthusiasts). It's extremely clean. I wish I worked close enough to this gym as I really did enjoy the three years that I spent going. Great staff, great trainers, great classes. The best part was working out among women of all sizes and just feeling comfortable in your own skin as you sought a better lifestyle for yourself. I highly recommend it.
5	great place! sad to see close! if searching for somewhere else with a pool, tennis, racquetball, squash, and a full gym/classes try out La Camarilla 5320 E. Shea Blvd. Scottsdale, AZ 85254
1	it' is now close down, gone, no longer there...
5	Lately I haven't been able to make it to the gym as much as I've wanted, but I love this place when I get to go.  Women only, yay baby!  Let me tell you the perks of a women's only gym. 1) No roid rage weirdos without necks trying to hit on you or check you out while you work out.  If I wanted to work it and be gawked at I'd get a job at a strip club. The fact men are a no no, makes me happy right there.  I can sweat until I smell ripe enough to kill the old ladies on the treadmills next to me.  That's how you know you're working it hard :-P2) No men again! No jerks putting on ridiculously heavy weights on to the machines. Drives me bonkers when you can't use equipment because of what some dumb guy did.  Buddy, you put the weight on, it's a work out to take them off, burn the extra 10 calories and do it.  But no men here so I'm not worried.3) You can get your workout on, and then get your nails and hair done afterwards at the spa on sight. And then get a massage and all kinds of other delightful things done to make you feel like a girl all over again.4) They have a pretty good sized pool, and I can be a little bit self consious in a bathing suit.  Even when I was bone thin and sneezing my direction might of flung me across the room.  But around these women I don't feel judged and I feel free to strut my stuff.5) They have tons of free workout classes there that are included as part of the gym membership which is great.  I've worked at a gym before, that's right, worked not worked out, and they had classes alright, but they weren't part of our expensive monthly fees. Nope you needed to pay $5 extra a class.  But not this place, and their classes look amazingly fun and I see people from all ages and sizes do them with no criticism from others.Basically I'll sum it up, I like the place. It's clean, it's huge, it's pretty cheap for all it offers.  It's a great place to be.
