1	First off, this review is coming from someone who has been (and current is) a Regus tenant for 3+ years in both San Francisco and Phoenix.  We most likely will continue to be a tenant in San Francisco as our company enjoys the ease of transitioning into this kind of office and enjoys furnished office setup that Regus offers even though you're paying a premium price for those services.  And trust me, Regus will charge you for everything from the office phone (separate fees for the handset and actual phone line), internet access, black/color copies, scanning, mandatory kitchen fees, and garage parking (optional although fairly affordable here).  We initially locked into a year long lease and was at this Phoenix location for about two full years.  I didn't really have any major problems with this Phoenix location until I took over the management of our company's billing system.  When you initially sign the lease, you have to commit to how many phone handsets and internet lines you want.  You pay for these office features like it is an a la carte menu just like a restaurant.  What I was not thrilled about is that we eventually had to downsize our operations from 2 people to 1 person at this Phoenix location during our initial lease, and we were still forced to pay for two phone lines and two internet connections.  Keep in mind that the monthly total for a phone line and an internet connection amounts to about $200/month (and that does not include the long distance usage fee you incur on your phone) so it is a fairly expensive feature.  I figured that Regus would have been reasonable enough to help us out but it was stated in our original contract we are responsible for the fees so I guess they have a "gotcha" on that one.  But when we accidentally forget to cancel our lease, our lease got rolled over for another six months and we were still being charged internet/phone charges for two people when we obviously only have one person occupying the office!!!!  I feel Regus need to use some common sense and ensure that company's are only being charged for the amount of people that occupy the office; especially when it comes to an automatic renewal.  Sadly, this location does not act on the side of the tenants who occupy their facilities.  Talk about ensuring the client gets shafted.My second major gripe about this location is with center manager  Valinda Evans.  Since at the time our company in the US only had two employees and two offices, we felt it was more productive to have two people in the same Regus office (in San Francisco).  Therefore we decided to leave the Phoenix office unoccupied with three months left on our lease.  I understand that you have to abide to the terms of your lease but I referenced to Ms. Evans of our unique situation and it wasn't until three weeks later after my two e-mail inquiries that I received a response.  Three weeks is highly unacceptable when you have a situation where you are in a position to leave your Regus office unoccupied and notification is made to the center manager.    I would have liked a little bit of flexibility and perhaps be able to transfer our Regus financial obligation to our SF office or pay an early termination fee.  Anything reasonable would have been helpful but the only reasonable option I had was to "take additional space and sign and new contract."  She also added that "there is really nothing that I can do unless you take additional space in another location."   Wow, so not helpful.  I was not seeking to get out of our leasing obligation, just to find a way to make it a little more convenient so we do not let an office sit dormant for three months which was such a waste.  If you are considering this Regus space in downtown Phoenix, I would highly recommend seeking other office options.  Phoenix has plenty of real estate in downtown and it should not be too difficult to find a sufficient alternative.Tip: Regus will not notify you prior to the termination of your signed lease. If you fail to notify them for another extension or to leave all together, they will automatically renew your lease for something like six months so beware that you have to notify them a certain amount of months prior to the termination of your lease.
4	I wasn't looking up Regus but they came up in a different search and i was surprised to see negative reviews so I thought I would comment on my experience.I have been a Regus customer for about 10 years in three different locations. I currently lease a very nice office in downtown Phoenix.I love the flexibility and turn key solution to setting up an office. The Phoenix location has recently been remodeled and is very nice. The new manager (Stephanie) is very hard working and bends over backwards to make us happy.The only negative (and only reason I do not rate five stars) is that I agree with is that as a corporation, I believe they are fee happy. That said, read the fine print and you will be fine.
1	I had an office ADDRESS only not the actual office but I never got any mail there except once and I had to call them and email them to find out if I got a package then they finally said "Yeh it came yesterday."  I had called the day before they claimed they would let me know by email or call me. In anycase.  These people are Crooks. They advertise on craigslist and they get you to come down. If you're a new start up or blogger, writer, small business it seems like a cost effective idea. You can even go there sometimes and work. However, that is NOT THE CASE. they charge you for odd things. They go up on the price normal mail box price is about $50 -70 depending on address. But then I noticed they had it where i could probably rent office space daily  if i wanted to go down there etc. But then I realized they had another office in CENTURY City that was charging $49 and that's pretty cheap.  They were charging me $100 but the better office was $49. So I decided I wanted to quit or renegotiate.  But they didn't want any part of that. They are now harassing me. but I just want people to know these people seem like they are EASY at first but once you sign up .  They will over charge you my mailbox fee went from 99 a month to 100, then the last I checked it was 138 and I asked what that was for. NO answer.  Now they want to charge me like 1000 dollars for  not paying them for one month. LOL that's hilarious. I just laughed at them and asked them WHAT WILL YOU DO TO ME F I DON't Pay?  How did you come up with this ridiculous amount.I don't understand why we all don't class action sue these nutsThey are all over but if you have plenty of money and don't care about being over charged and et.  See logically people like Craigslist and I've been able to use Craiglist to buy things, sell some items, furniture, and et. MOst of the time people can work things out there are some crooks on there but for the most part I thought they were trying to simply fill up some office space .  Not the case they are crooks.   They've even charged me before for TWO months and I paid it but it was an overcharge and I know i only owed them for one month.  They are crooksdo not use them.  LIARS, Crooks, and they overcharge you like crazy. the letters they send out are very rude and demanding. they claime they are going to sue me.
