1	The workers were not helpful at all. They were also rude and too busy talking to each other and texting on their phones to pay attention and answer my questions. This place is awful.
3	Tmobile wins my business for best phone customer service(American), cheap phones and great coverage. However, when it comes to the stores I'm always disappointed with the staff. They must be miserably commission.
5	I have been returning to this particular store for 5 yrs now. What a knowledgeable, patient , helpful, fun bunch of people. As I have moved from a "dumb' phone to a "smart " phone recently, and given my age and my lack of savvy when it comes to gadgets, there have been a couple bumps in the road. These young folks have been ever so patient & helpful to me. Derek in particular is a joy to learn & interact with. I go completely out of my way to return to this store for all my mobile needs
1	liar liar your pants are on FIRE!Needing a Mobile Hotspot, I asked about speed  "Almost as fast as COX". I asked about Battery life "4 to 5 days of standby & 24 to 36 hours of continuous use".  14 day trail.Download speed of (myspeedtest.org), required 2.5 MBPS to pass T Mobile standards the My Hotspot got 1.2 4 out of 5 time, the 5th time it got 2.75, customer service guy said "It Passed" so we ran the test once more, 1.2 mbps - I said "once out of six is not passing in my book".  I agreed to pay the $200 early termination fee that cost me $230.71 (Don't know why) plus $90 for the device that doesn't work.  I'm self employed, if I treated my customers like this I would be on the streets.  Shame - shame on T Mobile, they SUCK!PS: I went in on the 15th day to cancel - My-bad!
5	We had unlocked and switched our iphone from at&t to tmobile. Just going through that process was a giant headache. After making the switch our iphone was unable to receive and make calls half the time. The employees over at the val vista outlet location told us the problem was due to our phone only having two antennas and that we pretty much needed to buy a new phone to solve the problem. Needless to say they were very rude over there. Long story short, went to this corporate location, spoke with Brandon, best decision ever. He told us we might just need to switch to a newer sim card and wala! the phone is working great. By the way we got the first sim card from the rude val vista location. Thanks Brandon for talking with us and trying to solve our problem before turning around and trying to sell us something we didnt need. Now we can still buy christmas presents!
