5	A few of my friends used Shake It Up for parties they hosted and I was impressed with the how professional, but not stuffy, the bartenders were.  All the guests at these events had rave reviews.I decided to use them for the 30th birthday party I was throwing for my husband and his best friend.  We were expecting about 30 people, so I wanted a bartender to set a somewhat upscale mood and reduce the stress on us as hosts.Booking was effortless and they worked with us to make sure we had a bartender that would mesh well with our guests.  Daneel showed up on time and was outstanding!  A true professional bartender, she even made a couple birthday shots for everyone based on the liquor we had and everyone raved at how good they were.I will not hesitate to use Shake It Up for the next party.
2	Less than 10 minutes after our daughter's wedding ceremony, the best man came running from the banquet hall to the church saying there was "somewhat of an emergency." The bartender needed ice! The father of the bride, in a full tuxedo and an outside temperature exceeding 100 degrees, had to leave his daughter's wedding to go buy 150 pounds of ice (it was in the contract that they would bring 150 lbs of ice!).As I entered the banquet hall, I saw the bartender alongside my brother-in-law, who had traveled to Arizona from Boston to be at his niece's wedding. I asked him why he was inside the bar, serving drinks, and he said the bartender needed help. Soon enough, we convinced the caterer to share their staff and cut my family loose to enjoy the wedding. What a fiasco! We paid nearly $650 (I sent the check in February, and it expired because they didn't cash it until June) to have a bartender serve drinks for 6 hours to 150 people, and bring along some soft drinks and water. We supplied all the booze. There were actually 170 people. Did 20 extra people make it that much harder to serve cold drinks?Two days later, I sent a disgruntled email to Eric Kelchlin, (the owner?) and he called me back, saying that the wedding ceremony had ended 40 minutes early and that made it difficult to be ready for the reception. I certainly hadn't been looking at my watch through my tears that hour of the day, but I don't see how it is possible that we were 40 minutes early! We had arranged for the bartender to be there at 3:30 pm, and the wedding was from 4:00-4:30 pm. My husband said that he saw the bartender arriving with a small amount of ice, as he and my daughter were entering the church to go down the aisle. Apparently, the bartender was late, or he would have had an hour to chill drinks. At best, the wedding ended only 15 minutes early.The night before the wedding, I called Mr. Kelchlin and spoke with him because I was concerned that the drinks would not be cold fast enough, and to tell him that this wedding was full of partiers! He assured me that they would get the drinks cold fast. They didn't bring any tubs or coolers, and used the ones on the premises instead. I understood that they were going to take care of this for us. Mr. Kelchlin also told me that we had an incredible amount of alcohol, more than he's ever seen for 170 guests. We had 10 cases each of 4 kinds of beer, 70 bottles of champagne, and 20 cases of wine (3 varieties), and we did have a lot left over. I don't understand how that mattered, when they just had to chill a few kinds continuously to serve the event.After my emailed complaint and our phone conversation, I received this email response from Mr. Kelchlin:"Hi Karen, again I'm sorry you are not satisfied with Rahul's service. I try very hard to make sure everyone's events run smoothly and unfortunately this may not have been the case with your event." He also offered $25 compensation for the ice, which I declined.In Rahul's defense, I asked him for a glass of Pinot Grigio and he said he didn't have any. I said,  "I am the mother of the bride, and I bought it! It's right there," and I pointed to the unopened case of wine. From that point on, he remembered me and I didn't even have to ask for it. He poured it quickly with a smile and a nod. I liked him!Other than his apparent tardiness, we were happy with Rahul's service -- he was friendly and worked fast. Perhaps Mr. Kelchlin didn't tell Rahul I had been concerned about having lots of cold drinks ready at 4:30!
5	We used Shake It Up (Chris, specifically) for my 40th birthday, and he was perfect for the event.  Chris did a great job mixing the drinks on the menu we created. He kept up with a thirsty crowd all night (~ 35 people) with multi-ingredient cocktails (think black cherry manhattans, not rum and cokes)! He was very personable with our guests, yet unobtrusive. Arrived early to set up and his departure was not disruptive at all.  Very communicative owner, and planning for the event was easy.  Price was reasonable, and we will be using Shake It Up (and requesting Chris) for other medium-to-large parties we throw.  Seriously, use them.  We could not have been happier with how it turned out.
5	We used Shake It Up for our small engagement party and I could not be happier with our bartender Kevin. He was professional, friendly and just overall GREAT! Scheduling was a breeze, set up was smooth and the drinks were amazing. I would highly recommend using Shake It Up for your event, small or big. If we were planning to have our wedding in town I would have already booked Kevin! Completely worth it! Thank you Shake It Up.
5	I used them at my wedding this past weekend. I could not have been happier with the bartender they sent. He  very polite and energetic he seemed really enthused to be there. He even went as far to entertain some of the children. I was pleasantly surprised to see him carding people as well as cutting those who had to much off. He was very knowledgeable about his job and made some great drinks. I highly recommend shake it up to anyone looking for a bartender.
5	This was an awesome service. I now cannot have a party without having them! I am ruined!Everything was great with the service. They were responsive and did exactly as quoted. We had them bring a bar, mixers, and ice. It was perfect. We provided the alcohol from bev mo which helped reduce the price. Plus we can return what we didn't use. Stephen was our bartender and he was fantastic! He was personable and nice. He showed up on time and set up before the guests arrived. He was quick and efficient. All the guests loved Stephen. We will definitely use him again if we have another shin dig! Thanks guys!
5	Another good factor about this hotel is the free internet and printing services they have in the lobby, great for printing out my boarding pass. We had a corner room and what's nice about these corner rooms is the type of view it has on a 3-D angle, but you have to be pretty high up to get a decent view. It's true what other reviews are saying about their beds, they are so soft and lovely. We are actually thinking of purchasing one ourselves.
4	I stayed here recently for a last minute trip to AZ , I stayed for 2 nights. I was a little worried from some of the reviews I read, but it wasn't bad at all, I don't know why it got some of the other reviews it did. Anyways, my stay was fine. The staff I encountered were all very friendly, the location is great for downtown. I attended a concert at the Staples Center and it's only one stop on the metro right next door to get there, and at the arena, the station is right directly across the street, it was so easy and wasn't as packed with people afterwards as I thought it would be. There's some restaurants and a Rite Aid (open late, which was good) and a Walgreen's right across the street. The hotel is also connected to the Macy's Plaza mall, which I'm sure has seen better days. I'd go in the mall just to get the chili cheese fries at Carl's Jr, which I did, twice! The metro is also convenient for going to Hollywood, Universal Studios, or even down to Long Beach! The $5 day pass is really good, as it will take you all over!
4	Having a Macy's and a post office joined to the hotel and a Starbucks in the lobby was really convenient too! We walked around the nearby streets during the day and felt quite safe. The hotel was opposite a metro station too!In all a great reasonably priced hotel!
4	Almost a week in this hotel...sigh, I knew it wasn't the best hotel option based on prior reviews but it was where my meetings were. I suggest that if folks have an option with a similar price, to pass on this hotel. But its not bad, just not the first choice. My room was kind of shabby around the edges- chipped paint here and there, some torn wallpaper. It was also incredibly stuffy. I called and maintenance reported the AC but they just gave me a fan (which helped.) The lobby has free internet, but the lobby is below ground level, small and busy-not a place to catch up on work. They have a few computers for guests to use, but two of the key boards were so well used the letters were worn off-not easy for poor typists or Europeans. I was also annoyed all week because I had to PAY to have a refrigerator in my room. Geez. On the plus side, the staff were all genuinely nice, and high energy. They made this property tolerable. And-coming from the east coast I woke at 4am hungry- and was saved by the Famima across the street. It's a chain which actually stays open all night and has good sandwiches and coffee.
