4	This is one of those places that you probably wouldn't find unless you knew it was there.  But you should know it is there - a tiny little theater in the basement of an old church - you enter through a blue door on tripoli street behind the door is a sort of outdoor hallway that takes you to the theater. Basic black box theater with 2 rows of seating means you are right there with the performance.  The Steel City Improve Theater has all sorts of performances - including a bunch of free improv jams.  Also check out the regular improv troops that include performers who have trained at Uprights Citizens Brigade in New York City.
5	Do you enjoy long form improv comedy?  Don't know what that is?  Think it's all Who's line is it anyway?  If any of these apply to you, come here to see quality improvisers show you how its done.  Stay for the wonderful and supportive classes.  SCIT is at the forefront of a burgeoning improv scene in Pittsburgh.
4	Awesome & cheap entertainment.2 tickets2 penn beerslots of laughs$20Cant beat that!As another reviewer said, i did not know about this place until i was going there to see a friends performance.  what a neat little hole in the wall.  I like that its rough around the edges and in a basement around a couple corners.  The place is not pretentious, its all about the performances, and that's great.  I will say i was sweating bullets down there though.  I hope they get the HVAC/fan situation handled because i  looked like i ran a few miles, but once i resigned to the fact that it would be a sweaty time i relaxed and really got into the two performances.I wish this place good luck, and hope they maintain a level of underground because finding out about the place, taking the venture over to north side to get there, looping the blocks twice to find the place and park was worth it!  we had a fun time and are excited to go back.
4	Not too shabby!  I had no idea that Pittsburgh had an Improv theater.  It's in the basement of a church, but it works.  It's a very small venue so you should get there earlier to get a seat in the front.  I went on a Monday where apparently admission is free!There were 3 groups that performed for 20 minutes each.  I'm no improv connossieur but I admire these folks for getting up there and putting themselves out there like that.  It takes some serious courage.  Of course having been to Second City in Chicago, you can definitely notice some differences in the talent, scene transitions, and humor...but it's a start!  I like that Pittsburgh offers something like this and there's a community that rallies behind it - very cool - extra star for you Steel City Improv Theater!
4	Have to say up front, the fact that this place moved to a new venue is a blessing and a curse; on the one hand, the neighborhood it's in now is much safer (an important factor for people like me who have to walk back to a car alone in the dark after these shows), but it's now further away and parking can be harder to find. Life gives and takes, I suppose...Now, to the meat of this review: while my favorite place for cheap improv is actually Pittsburgh's Friday Nite Improv show, I'm still fairly fond of Steel City Improv Theater. Pittsburgh has an amazing improv scene overall, which I didn't actually realize until speaking to the folks here almost a year ago. Steel City stands out from the local crowd in part because of its emphasis on long-form improv (doing a longer, "themed" comedy show, as opposed to what amounts to a three minute stand-up piece in short-form) and also because of the classes that it offers. Seriously, locals - if you're looking for a place that actually has classes for improv, this is the place to go; I've only ever heard good things about the classes, and a couple of my friends who took them have moved on to form their own comedy group.Also, the people who work or volunteer here, and the people who come through performing, are all kind, polite, talented folks - an absolute joy to talk to and to watch, even if the shows don't go quite as well as we want them to. You can just tell that everyone is having a good time - the most important part of a comedy show!All in all: can't say I've ever had a bad time when I've gone here, even if I'm not always a fan of "long-form improv." I say, look up some show times, schedule a dinner date and head here for some entertainment one night - you won't be disappointed. A note to parents: realize that these shows are performed by adults, for adults, so unless you want your kids repeating swear words all the way home, find a babysitter. Think of it as a great excuse for a date night.By the way, bring a few bucks to pay for the tickets ($5) and for some cheap beverages (alcohol's available) and snacks.
5	I always enjoyed checking out local improv when I was an undergrad; unfortunately, too many places just fell so...flat. Too often I would show up excited and leave unimpressed. When a friend of mine had his little sister coming to town, he needed something to do around the city that didn't include going to a bar.Then we found Steel City Improv Theater.Hilarious and talented individuals deliver improvisation at its finest. Come in for their free Monday nights, or enjoy their more elaborate Friday/Saturday/whenever shows. They usually have a post-show drink at Bites and Brews, and they always end each show inviting the audience to come out and hang. The theater offers classes and usually has special events--what's not to love?I couldn't recommend supporting a better advocate of culture and arts in the area.
5	This is my favorite place to go on the weekend.One of the biggest troubles one faces with city life is the pressure to spend every free evening out at the bar, spending loads of cash. Here is a place you can have twice the fun with less than half the money.Steel City is best described as a "hole in the wall." However, within that hole, there's magic to be found. A Saturday night staple, The LuPones create musical improv unlike anything I've ever seen. Deeper in the evening, a Thunderdome of comedy ensues, placing team against team in a Cagematch. The humor is organic; never forced or rehearsed, and I have to imagine that it all stems from their improv classes. Lining the walls, there are pictures of class after class of fearless funny people who, often times, can now be spotted in your favorite troupe. There are so many things to see here, and none of them have disappointed thus far. I suggest that anyone who likes to smile, laugh and perhaps urinate on themselves/others comes out to see a show!
