4	This chain seriously has the best pancakes in the world, hands-down!  We always trek out here whenever in the PHX area.Coffee could use some work, but heck, I'm a Seattleite.
5	My sister is a huge fan of this place.  She insisted that my whole family descend on it for breakfast one of the days we were visiting, and we weren't disappointed.  They have healthy options (like the Bialy breakfast thing I got, yummy), as well as less healthy options like scrambles with sausage and Hollandaise sauce or huge cinnamon rolls, apparently also quite yummy.  Our waitress was wonderful - all of our dozen meals were out at about the same time, without problems, and we were kept stocked with waters, coffees, and OJs the entire time.  I'd highly recommend it!
4	First things first: I am not a morning person. And as such, frequenting breakfast restaurants aren't real high on my must-do list. At least at home I can eat my pancakes with my hair all nasty and one eye open.But I was coaxed out of my hovel one morning and discovered the joys of The Good Egg. I never know there were SO MANY ways to cook eggs! And, judging by my dish and the tastes I stole off my companions', all of them at The Good Egg are very good. For those not too hot on eggs, they also serve bakery items, sandwiches and others. One neat thing about The Good Egg is that when it gets crowded they serve coffee, water and mini-portions of their baked items in the waiting area.
2	Not a big fan of the wait, the run down location or all the birds attacking you for the food.  The food was great, but the atmosphere was kind of annoying.
3	There are some bizarrely noisy birds frequenting this location. Aside from that, I can't really complain about this reliable breakfast place. Mesa is lacking considerably in the morning-eats department so The Good Egg is the best you're going to get if you find yourself stuck in this armpit of Phoenix. Biggest plus in my book - their hash is the kind out of the red 'n' white checkered can. I loves me nothing more than an unabashed greasy-spoon start to my weekend.
2	Had the crepegg - sort of a crepe with an omelet in it. The food was ok nothing special. The coffee was ok as well. If I need to go to a breakfast chain again I think I'll chose the nearby IHOP over the good egg. The booths are massive and can easily fit six people comfortably. I didn't have the pancakes but thought it was weird that they charge extra if you want the real maple syrup.
3	I'll give this Good Egg 3 stars for standard breakfast food.  We came on a very busy Sunday and our food still arrived fast and fresh.  Many a chain diner or breakfast place cannot pull that off.  I've never really understood why that is.  Breakfast & diner food is short order stuff and should move out of the kitchen quickly.Our server bordered on an attitude when we were seated but quickly regained his composure.  I guess he was just flustered.  I have not ventured beyond breakfast food here.
4	I love, love, love the whole wheat pancakes that I can customize here!!  It used to be that US Egg owned my heart with its patented oatmeal-blueberry-almond wheat pancakes until I tried Good Egg's blueberries and glazed pecans (double toppings, please!) pancakes made with whole-wheat batter, and a little whipped butter on the side, hold the syrup.  If I feel like a little pain (food allergies) with my pancakes, I'd order them with special granola topping.  It is quite tasty!  However, it's heaven on earth for me with the blueberries and pecans.The Isle of Capri omelette is delicious, as well.  The capers, sundried tomatoes, and feta cheese give the egg-y delight a slightly, uh, for the lack of a better word, funky aroma, but it tastes so good!  The side of country potatoes, while a bit salty, is equally yummy (can you guess which pieces I like best?).  I hear the guacamole and bacon that come with many dishes are very good, too.  I also recommend the reuben panini... oh my goodness!  I just experienced multiple shudders up and down my spine... bet you didn't know women could have those!  LOL.  Speaking of orgasm-inducing foods, has anyone else had a Smokey Forest sandwich at Duck and Decanter??BTW, I tried ordering the pancakes here ala US Egg, with oatmeal and almond toppings, but they weren't the same.  I prefer US Egg's version; however, I'm a sucker for those loyal customer punch cards, and, on certain days, Good Egg even offers double punches!  Suh-weet!P.S.  I've tried four locations [Thomas/Central, Ray/Rural, Dobson/S of 60, and McDonald/Scottsdale Rd (?)] and I prefer those on Thomas and Dobson when it comes to good to great service.  The servers there really shine on customer service and the few complaints my party and I had to give were met with sympathetic ears and satisfactory amendments by both servers and management (local and headquarters).  I wish I could say the same for those on Ray and McDonald.---UPDATE!---You ever hear of those who like cold pizza?  Well, I never was one of those people.  I've tried it a couple of times, but I just don't get it [and I refuse to try it again, 'cause frankly, it's a waste of a good pizza... I'd rather resurrect it again to it's former (but not quite) glory by popping it in the toaster oven].  I have, however, found that I LIKE cold blueberry and glazed pecan whole wheat pancakes out of the fridge!  And guess what?  They're so good, they don't even need butter!  Hmm... it's a texture-lover's dream... cakey, and those sweet, almost preserve-like blueberries- some macerated, others still whole- and then those crunchy pecan bits!
4	Dude...who can hate on the Good Egg? I've been frequenting several of the Good Egg/ Eggery locations for many years now and it's amazingly consistent. I'm just throwing the review down for this location since I make it here more than the others now, and I was here Sunday afternoon. I always get the same item regardless of what location I'm at: the three cheese omelet with bacon which comes with the addictive country potatoes and an English muffin. It's perfect every single time! I can only remember one out of a few dozen times that it was a little too greasy. Besides that, it's admirable how consistent they are with the quality of their food. Then this past Sunday my lady got the biscuits and gravy and I had the distinct pleasure of trying that for the first time...so so good. Plus I'm an iced tea junkie and the Good Egg has some of the best in town. I use to have issues with slow service at some Good Eggs, but the Dobson location rarely has that issue. It was usually the Frank Lloyd Wright location that had horrendously slow service. But I think that was more the fault of management mishandling staff as opposed the servers. Plus, who doesn't love the unintentional hilarity of the hokey interior design of the Good Egg? It's like they had members of a retirement center do the interior decorating...I love it. So all in all, due to the quality and consistency of the food, I'll still take the Good Egg over any newer, trendier breakfast places that I've tried (I'm looking at you, Over easy).
3	I used to come here about once a week solid for 2 years. I obviously liked the place. It was always consistently yummy but I've found that if you plan on going, it's best to time it. Either come right before the church crowd gets out, or a couple hours after, otherwise you could be waiting for quite awhile. They have a free coffee station outside when it gets packed, so at least you can drink some hot coffee while you wait. I've always enjoyed the Chilaquiles (don't think they have that on the menu anymore) and the Nurse's Bialy Breakfast- 3 egg whites w/ turkey, spinach, onion, and tomato with a toasted bialy and cream cheese. I used to be fond of their fried breakfast potatoes but for me, I'm finding them too greasy and usually make my stomach hurt, even though they taste great. If you ask, your server will refill your drink and put it in a to-go cup when you're done with your meal. That's always cool.
3	Had a whole-wheat pancake with double servings each of blueberries and glazed pecans here two Tuesdays ago (Tuesdays are double-stamp days at the Dobson location).  Nice-sized pancake- its diameter was the size of the plate, which is the usual.  Wish I could say the same of this week's visit at the Central Ave. location (this past Monday; please refer to my review and photos).  I also ordered an Isle of Capri omelette for my lunch later that day.  Good portion (the platter included an English muffin and country potatoes) which easily feeds two.  Would've included a photo, but I didn't think it looked great folded in a styrofoam box...  Don't let the scent of feta and olives turn you off from trying it.  It is delicious!
4	I like the Good Egg.  Really, I do.  I have eaten here sporatically at a few different locations.  This one gets busy, obviously, but not as busy as the other locations, from what I have noticed.Anyways, I came here this AM for breakfast.  I was out and about when I realized I was starving. I usually dont keep breakfast food in the house, so I knew it was time to stop.Came here and the service was quick and efficent.  I was in and out of here in no time.   I had scrambled eggs, an english muffin and hash browns.  Food was tasty!!I will probably be back.  Rock on Good Egg!
5	My boyfriend and I stopped in here for breakfast and sandwiches to go for lunch while we were on our way to Salt River. Our waitress was friendly and perky, wakening me up with her bright, cheerful smile better than the coffee (which, by the way, was acceptable). My boyfriend wanted to order two pancakes until she explained that their pancakes are 12" in diameter. At her suggestion, he went with two petite pancakes which were still abnormally larger than your average pancakes. I got two eggs scrambled soft over hash brown and potatoes in a skillet. For our lunch sandwiches, my boyfriend got the Hearty Half Pounder of Angus beef patty and I asked for the California Tuna Salad. Tuna? Love it. Avocado? Love it. Cucumber? Love it. Lettuce? Love it. Grilled croissant? Definitely love it. The Hearty Beef Pounder resembled more of a filet mignon and tasted just as good. Oh, how I wish they would export the chain to New York...
5	I never have anything to complain about with breakfast here! The good eggs benedict is always yummy and quick to order. They even have a 10% off club if you sign up via text at your table.
5	Fast and friendly service, reasonable prices and the french toast was big, fluffy and delicious. If you don't beat the morning rush expect to have to wait a while. On the plus side they do offer complimentary coffee while you wait.   How busy it gets is definitely a testament to the quality of the restaurant.
4	Was very good, non greasy and healthy.  A great choice.  Service was fast and friendly.  We sat on the patio with outside temperature at 59 degrees but with the patio heaters was perfect for a nice Sunday morning.   I had the Rocky Mountain Omelet which was the perfect amount and was delicious.
4	Breakfast is pretty much breakfast, but there are more combinations of those staple 5 ingredients here than at most eggjoints.  The inside is country cutesy and clean.  There's an outside patio but its small and the sun always seems to hit you right in the eyes no matter when you're out there.   The healthy items dont taste bad which makes the place a keeper.   Only open until early afternoon, but hey its better than Dennys.
2	Came here with a large group (25) and we understood that it would be impossible to have us all sit at the same table and it would take a little longer to get food. No problem. But what was really bad was when people around our table who were seated after us all got their food before we did. Our waitress (I think) tried to be helpful but did not come around that often after we received our food. The food itself was good, I'm a sucker for biscuits and gravy. Unfortunately the service dragged down the review a star.
5	BY FAR the best breakfast place I have ever been to. I love when restaurants are consistent. Every time I come in, I am greeted by the friendliest staff around. No matter how busy they are they always say hi with a smile. It can get busy but the wait is never too long. The food tastes perfect every time. Very fast service as well. I ALWAYS order the Light one, it is wonderful. It is an omelet with crepe over it. I sub the toast for little pancakes (no charge) I have tried other things on the menu and they are so good as well. They are great at splitting checks! I cannot say enough great things about good egg. I ALWAYS crave it
4	Great breakfast spot. Tons of lovely options. Everything is big portions. I love the green eggs and ham as well as the mile high omelette.
3	Too crowded and too small a waiting area.  Kind of becoming an ihop breakfast place, not unique anymore when everyone comes here.  Not too impressed by the seats they have and how close you are to the other tables.Food is good with a large variety of choices and creation.   I believe they have been adding items to their menu based on what their customers order and thus a lot of the menu items are just variations and customizations with some items different from another menu item.  I think if other newer breakfast place are around longer, they would start doing that and also end up with a good egg menu, cluttered and full of items.  Good and bad if you ask me.  Gives everyone a chance to find something they like.  But makes it look full and unorganized.Would be a backup breakfast place I bring friends to if they are from out of town, I can think of 2 nearby which are more unique.
4	I love the food at The Good Egg. It is one of my favorite breakfast restaurants. The coffee is good and they give you a carafe at the table. The quality of the food is consistent and I love the fact that they have some healthy options. Try the oatmeal and you won't be disappointed. Even if you are not an oatmeal person, theirs is really tasty and they serve it with so many "mix-ins" that it is really delicious (and filling). The hubby and I went to this location for the first time on Saturday. We were pleasantly surprised that there was not much of a wait. Even though the place was full and there was a steady stream of patrons arriving, the staff seemed to be keeping up just fine. Much better than the nearby TC Eggington's which is always pure chaos on the weekends. I saw some of the other reviews regarding the service but what we experienced was friendly and prompt. I do know that they recently got a new general manager so that is probably the reason for the improvement. I think Jason and his team are doing a phenomenal job!One more note about this location is that I did notice parking was a bit of a nightmare.  Lots of cars coming in and out due to the adjacent Starbucks and the fact that there was only one entrance/exit.  Apparently the restaurant has an arrangement with the hotel directly behind them (think it was a Wingate but I don't really remember) so save yourself some frustration and park there and walk over.
5	This is one of my favorite places for eating breakfast. As the name implies, the menu revolves around mostly egg dishes. I've never had a meal I didn't like at this restaurant. I like to order the "La Vida Loca."
4	I picked this place for breakfast to take a friend that was in from out of town, wanted to take him someplace that isn't a chain (ihop). We got to their around 12:30ish, the place was still busy, however they were starting to remove the chairs to the tables outside, but to be honest it was already 80 something outside & I wanted in the in ac not the heat. About 85% of the menu is egg base, not too sure about the sandwiches they offer cuz to be honest I can't make it past their breakfast menu. I ordered the spanish omelet that came with the county potatoes, which are my fav, english muffin and I even ordered some buttermilk pancakes....man everything was DELISH!!! I finished everything. My friend ordered the lumberjack frittata which looked like heaven on a plate and came with a homemade biscuit, next time I go I think I am going to try that! We both had the coffee, which for restaurant coffee was good and the service was good as well. If you are in the mood for a good country breakfast & don't want the normal chain give The Good Egg a try, you won't be sorry.
4	I've been coming to this place, and particularly this location, for years. Their menu is vast and I just love the selection. 99% of the time I'm in here for breakfast. Since I'm a pescaterian (and I eat poultry), I'm limited to what I order from the menu, but I've never had a bad plate. I love the nurse's bialy, the castroville omelette, the cloud 9, the crabby one and many more. I've been here once for lunch and their sandwiches are fantastic! Every time I've modified my order, they have never said they couldn't do it. They are always accommodating. Their service is great and always friendly. Food comes out hot, delicious and I've never turned down a plate due to a wrong order or something not cooked properly.Keeping them from getting the coveted 5 star rating is their refusal to budge on charging me extra on the fruit bowl.  I'm allergic to melon and they charge me extra to modify the fruit bowl.... really?  Also, their coffee is less than desirable. Their flavored coffee is watery. But I don't come here for the coffee and they don't claim to specialize in it. On a few occasions, I've been served dirty glasses and flatware.
5	Very diverse menu. First time visitor and I had teh Brie and Bleu omelette. I'm not a bleu cheese fan, but this was de-lish! It was broccoli and water chestnuts in it which was very unusual. The potatoes were good as well, not greasy at all like some places. The staff was very friendly and our server got our order exactly right even though she did not write anything down. Impressive!!!Highly recommended.
3	This location is a bit more lively than the one I'm used to going in Scottsdale.  So if you like a younger crowd, this location is for you!  It has a more "get em in & out" vibe.  I prefer to "luxuriate" when I eat, so the Scottsdale location is my preference.  The waitresses here are very sweet (and busy), so I appreciate their service.  Be careful of the pancake sizes!  One waitress neglected to tell me how large the regular pancakes were!  Although they were good, I had leftover pancakes for days!!  The standout meal I've had here was the Apple Crunch Crepes! Yum!
3	No reservations allowed.  Can't even call on the way in to get on the list.  Better get there early.Still like the food and it is good for small parties. Just not for big groups.
3	Yummy! Fresh food and good service! I had the castroville omlette. Tasty! I do wish they has hasbrowns instead of diced potatoes but that is just my preference. Our server was friendly and definitey took care of us. We went on a sunday and it was pretty busy but we didnt suffer from that at all. Overall good experience.
3	Pros:Lots of options to customize an order of pancakes. Fruit, chocolate, oatmeal, nuts, etc. Option for "real" maple syrup as an up-charge if you likeA fairly broad selection of other choices for breakfast and lunch, enough that most people will find something that they want.On more than one occasion, they've offered a beverage "to go", either soda or coffee to take with after the meal, although this isn't offered every time. Still, was a nice touch when it was.Cons:Parking can be an issue.Gets rather packed during peak hoursNot as much better than the big chains (Denny's, IHOP, Waffle House) as I'd have hoped.
5	Great food.  I ordered "green eggs n ham" and substituted turkey sausage....it was delish. The flavors went together so well.  I also had a berry smoothie that was good as well.
4	Mrs Q and myself visited this establishment today and was extremely impressed with the service here.  The atmosphere is pleasant and there was no wait to be seated.  We did arrive at 11 and the place was pretty full but still the breakfast crowd.  I always love the flavored coffee.  I would highly recommend any of there omelettes or the pancakes.  Mrs Q got the rocky mountain omelette and loved it.The best part of the menu is that it informs you of how many calories each meal has right next to the meal.  This might help you make a well informed decision on what to eat if you're on a diet.Q
5	This is one of my favorite breakfast spots. You get quick-kind service...even on the busy weekend mornings. You'll never go wrong with their whole wheat pancakes! Ask them to mix in some bananas, walnuts, blueberries and oatmeal & you'll be all set!
5	This was the best breakfast I have ever had. I had the veggie skillet with a small side of pancakes. Great friendly service.
5	Actually have been coming in here everyday for a week for an early morning breakfast within walking distance from my hotel room. The staff (Dobson location) is great and the food has been consistently good. My standard has been the light, 'traditional' breakfast of scrambled eggs and bacon with vegetable soup and tomato slices (or sub in avocado) for $9, which I broke for a daily special one day: Cheesy eggs, mushrooms, tomato and bacon in a skillet with accompanying sides for about $11... Very delicious!
4	We frequent this place often and the service and food are excellent every time. On the weekends it can get rather crowded for early breakfast and brunch, but it's well worth the wait.  We are eating Paleo so it's hard for us to find places with variety that meet our lifestyle.  The Good Egg certainly does. I like flavorful sauces and salsas and Good Egg has a great selection. Eggs, bacon, avocado and salsa, all tasty and well done.  They also have daily specials and a daily speciality tea. It suits my breakfast needs perfectly.
2	The service was decent and the place felt homely. The only, and most important, problem was that the food kinda sucked.
5	We have come here more than a few times over the years. Today we came around lunch time, just missing the rush! We got a nice booth for starters. Our server was Annette ,she was friendly and very quick with everything.I got the Lumberjack scramble. It was a lot of food and I ordered an English Muffin instead of the bisquits that come with it. Lots of gravey,(Country style) I liked it but, I had to scrape some off because, it is so much. Something else that they had,that I thought was pretty good was the Marion Berry jam.T got The Krabby one,it is an Egg crepe (made with Crab) I had some and it was really good ,nice and light.I have to say there potatoes are awesome and the coffee is nice. Not bitter at all.We have always been happy with our meal at all the locations.Something else to love is the stamp card system they have. so many stamps and you get one meal free. Gotta love that!
4	Love the coffee.  This place is delicious.  Love the food and the staff is very friendly.
5	Have been to this Good Egg many times, the food never disappoints. Great place for breakfast or lunch and even coffee!
5	I love this Good Egg location. The food is delicious, the staff is friendly, and the pancakes are the best around. Great place for breakfast or lunch.
4	This place has hands down the best healthy options EVER! This is not your typical pancake, egg and hashbrown place that only lets you sub toast for sausage. No. This place is legit alternative choices to keep your heart healthy and your body unbloated by sodium.Why do I say this? Pancakes. Want whole wheat pancakes? Ok. Want whole wheat with organic flax seed, organic agave syrup, coconut, almond, and a shot of protein powder in it? OK!!!!! I kid you not, they have a mind blowing amount of options for your pancakes. At addition price, of course :).My boyfriend got a healthy plate of fruit (nice and fresh) an egg white scramble with turkey, and a side of whole wheat pancakes (for just a dollar more!) and I got a plate full of huge buttermilk pancakes and a side of hashbrowns (cuz I'm a fatty). The hashbrowns were unfortunately not to my liking as some were over cooked to the point of being burned, and others were still raw. The pancakes, however, were pretty good.With our room key we got a 10% discount and it all came out to 17$ before the tip.
4	I rarely go here not because its not good but because there really isn't one fairly close to me. But when I do it's for special occasions! I love everything on their menu, from the standard ol' breakfast (eggs/pancakes) to a hot breakfast burrito or skillet. Everything is amazing.
4	Great breakfast place! You can call ahead and have your food in no time. I use to live close by and would treat myself to this restaurant on the weekends! The staff is friendly and service is quick :)
5	I have passed by this place several time just because I thought the name was strange. Well never again. I thought the portions were excellent. The waitress was fabulous and the atmosphere was relaxing. I would definitely bring my family here for breakfast from now on. Oh and the price advertised by the front door says no meal over ten dollars.
5	Aaaaaahhhhh, my good friend The Good Egg.  You can't ever go wrong at this place.  I've said it once and I'll say it again, whole wheat pancakes with walnuts and oatmeal.  I know it sounds weird but trust me.  I always add a few of those to my Monterey omelet and it's heaven on a plate.  Needless to say I'm a pig.  I also like that they put a pot of coffee on the table and will bring you sugar free syrup to help trick yourself into thinking that what you are eating is good for you.
4	Great omelets. Good food all around. Pretty friendly staff and reasonable prices. It's a good breakfast place for sure.
5	This was our second time here and they didn't disappoint! The food is fantastic! They have monthly pancake specials which are to die for, dessert for breakfast for sure! Last month it was peach cobbler pancakes and this month it's blueberry lemon and almond. Their eggs benedict is amazing as well. I highly recommend this place!
2	Tired. The place seems tired.I always thought of it a step above Denny's.I had spinach Benedict . Poached eggs were severely undercooked, muffin was burned. Waitress came by three times. Once for order, once for food and once for check. I got charged 3 bucks for each small glass of watered down orange juice. Potatoes were hurried, meaning burned on outside and cold inside. Couple next to meet moved due to all the kitchen noise with Mostly empty restaurant.Manager seemed nice but could not make up for a bad meal and mediocre service.
2	well two stars it is. I bit my tongue wile checking out but let me tell you I was let down. First, I find a bug in my water. I ask for a refill cup all is well,  but I ordered a smoothie and that was also a disappointing use of 4 dollars. As we leave my server rabecca wants to know if I'd like some waters to go? We both know I would not like waters to go. I was a first timer here so I know my experience doesn't hold weight but I will not be back.
5	Amazing food and friendly staff. I recommend the huevos rancheros for only $7.50! Sometimes the lines are a bit long on the weekends, but they churn people pretty quickly and it's well worth it.
3	The Good Egg has certainly lost some of their luster over the years, but they still make a great breakfast.  There usually isn't much of a wait, unless you are going on a Sunday around the time mass gets out.  The restaurant is generally clean most of the time, and service is middle of the road. One of my favorites is their Mushroom Caps and Eggs that comes with a whole side dish of sauteed mushroom caps loaded with melted cheese alongside eggs, potatoes, and an English muffin.  Very tasty!  Some of the omelette's have come to the table a bit on the greasier side before. The prices are pretty reasonable and their lunch menu is mostly as good as everything on the breakfast side. A face lift and a new updated look could do the business a lot of good.
5	I have been going here for breakfast.. Love their flavored coffees!! Service is always good. Great, huge, pancakes!! Cinammon rolls are to die for. They also have a great hamburger.. Would highly recommend for breakfast and lunch!!
1	Quite possibly the worst service in the entire town of Mesa. Our server was young with braces and the one of the most air headed persons I've ever met. After confirming that I wanted my eggs sunny side up 2 different times she still brought them out scrambled like I wouldn't notice. The food also took 40+ minutes to get out of the kitchen. I'll never be back. Fudge this place.
4	We got the lumberjack, the mushroom caps and the eggs Benedict with spinach. The food came out a little slow but was very good. Their golden roast coffee is very good and the hot sauces are delicious   Good breAkfast!
4	Went back to try their other dishes. This time I had the Breakfast Tacos at the suggestions of one of the hostess at the front. It was very tasty and twice is good as the last dish I tried which was the Potencia. I ate those Breakfast Tacos and was quite full. The tacos had no meat and was filled with egg whites which was quite unique. It went very well with the salsa, beans, avocado and green Tabasco sauce. The tastiness was there!Staff was accommodating and very friendly. Orange juice was awesome like last time. Next time I go, I'll try their Organic Apple Juice and have their staff recommend something good again.
4	This was the first time ever coming to this place with my family and it was absolutely amazing. I would definitely recommend it! The biscuits and gravy are amazing with the Arizona Peppers hot sauce. My son had the Mickey Mouse pancakes with bananas and we all had a bite of it. The strawberry lemonade was outstanding! Plus the waitress we had was very nice!! Loves this place.
4	**Original review from 6/1/2011. Updating new profile.**I've been coming to this place, and particularly this location, for years. Their menu is vast and I just love the selection. 99% of the time I'm in here for breakfast. Since I'm a pescaterian (and I eat poultry), I'm limited to what I order from the menu, but I've never had a bad plate. I love the nurse's bialy, the castroville omelette, the cloud 9, the crabby one and many more. I've been here once for lunch and their sandwiches are fantastic! Every time I've modified my order, they have never said they couldn't do it. They are always accommodating. Their service is great and always friendly. Food comes out hot, delicious and I've never turned down a plate due to a wrong order or something not cooked properly.Keeping them from getting the coveted 5 star rating is their refusal to budge on charging me extra on the fruit bowl.  I'm allergic to melon and they charge me extra to modify the fruit bowl.... really?  Also, their coffee is less than desirable. Their flavored coffee is watery. But I don't come here for the coffee and they don't claim to specialize in it. On a few occasions, I've been served dirty glasses and flatware.
5	Amber and Kelsey, are the 2 best waitresses at the restaurant!  My family has been coming here since we moved to AZ 8 yrs ago.   Soo tried and true. You will not be disappointed.   We have gone thru the entire menu over 4 times!!   Love, love , love!!!
4	The sweet and spicy wrap with grilled chicken is awesome!  Of course, I love the entire menu!Kelsey is back from vacation so please ask for her!  The staff us soo wonderful, Selena, the manager has a wonderful personality! Come on in and enjoy the food and people.
5	I have eaten here a couple of times and have always been satisfied with the quality and quantity of my food. The reason I felt compelled to write this review is amazing customer service.So my wife is particular about the way her over-medium eggs are cooked and this morning she ordered them this way and recieved them between over-easy and over-medium. Being the awesome wife that she is she remarked on it and proceeded to cut them up to eat anyways. As she was doing so, our server (Hope M.) approached and asked if her eggs were undercooked. She explained that she also eats them over-medium and saw that they were not perfect and already put in an order for perfectly cooked eggs. My wife and I were both impressed that without any complaints, the server paid so much attention to us that she noticed a little dissatisfaction and acted to remedy the situation. One thing that will always earn my gratitude and repeat visits is customer service and The Good Egg does it right!! Oh, and my Lumberjack Skillet was also yummylicious!
5	Took these guys 5 minutes to do what Waffle House took 20 minutes for! And for that they get a 5! Obviously sunday  mornings are busy but these guys/girls have an obvious grasp on that. Good: service/food/experience! Would recommend in the future!
4	As always the food was awesome!!  Kelsey was not here today so we are breaking in a new girl, Greer!  She is pleasant and knows her stuff!  It is always nice to have comfort food and not have to worry it won't be right!  I love this place!!!!
4	Still my favorite breakfast place!!  I wish they had Belgian waffles!!! We had a warm breakfast sandwich this time, comfort food piled high with ham, cheese, scrambeled eggs,  spinach and onions on a flaky toasted croissant! ! Served a side of fresh fruit. Jasmine was our waitress this time.
4	Our usual stop for Sat morning breakfast! Can't beat the traditional day starter.  Simple and filling!
4	Again , my favorite breakfast place!!! I soo look forward to my Saturday mornings!   If it " ain't " broke don't fix it!  Lol.
4	Holiday Monday!!  Double stamp day! What a way to start the week!!  We tried the lumbr
4	As usual food and service is great! Our 16 yr old son could not even finish the eye opener!  The portions are huge and the quality doesn't waiver!  Enjoy!!
4	Ohh yah!!  Its Saturday again.  My favorite breakfast spot!  verry busy today.  The coffee is fabulous!  I am having a breakfast sandwich on a croissant.  Soo yummmmy!!!    As always the staff is awesome and professional, friendly and feels like family!  Ask for Kelsey she will teat you well.
3	I am a loyal Good Egg customer, long before social media!! I have to downgrade a bit.  The menu has been reduced and the prices have increased by 29 cents per item.  Not a big deal over all, butttt........  maybe new items to be tried and tested????  Change is inevitable and with inflation Costs rise.  Not enough of a difference to stop me from coming back but I may not come every week.  There could be competition. I have found Crackers &Co to be worthy of my dollars!
2	Im in town from Southern CA, found this location with high ratings. They dont have specialty coffee, can't seem to find decent coffee in arizona period. I ordered an iced coffee. They brought it out in a big gulp cup which I though was ridiculous with a side of creamers. Not impressed at all, but I guess it will do.I ordered the traditional breakfast.  2 scrambled eggs, bacon, english muffin and potatoes. The eggs were DISGUSTING,  they taste watery. The potatoes did not taste fresh, they tasted reheated.  The bacon and english muffin were delicious which is the only reason im goving it 2 stars
4	Haven't been to this Good Egg in months. Had brunch with my sweetie on a Friday. We were seated quickly and offered inside or out. Our server greeted us within five minutes and offered menus and coffee. The service slowed a bit after that but it was rather busy so it was okay. My wife ordered the special: a chorizo scramble with poblanos, onions, cheese and potatoes, plus coffee. I ordered the Eggs Benedict, juice and a side of crispy bacon. The coffee and juice arrived about ten minutes later, which pleased my wife since she was cold. Brunch arrived shortly after. The scramble was disappointing because it was just a muddle. I know a scramble is a mixture of ingredients but this one really didn't sing. None of the ingredients took center stage. Mine was very good, except for the slightly undercooked potatoes. The bacon was crispy as requested, the English muffin was toasty, there was plenty of hollandaise sauce (although somewhat tame flavors) and the egg was cooked to perfection. We've had Good Egg before and we will again, hopefully with better results.
3	I feel the meal didn't justify the price. If locally grown meant it can reach an elitist price, than I learned something new for breakfast. Before, I thought breakfast was about getting full to start a good day. When I  was served nearly a carbon copy of Denny's, I feel vexed knowing I agreed to a 30% price hype. Service was alright though.
5	Ohhhh yeah, it's Saturday!!!  My favorite breakfast spot!!  I am in love with the wraps!  Even for breakfast!  I highly recommend  you try everything on the menu at least once, you can't go wrong.
5	I typically don't give a place 5 stars unless the food knocks me off my chair but today The Good Egg on Dobson does. Christie was our server and she was super friendly. I ordered the eggs Benny and the sauce wasn't up to par. I made mention of it and asked if their batch was typ like this. They offered to bring me a new one or asked if I wanted to order off the menu, which I declined saying I would just eat around the sauce.. No biggie! But low and behold they bring me a new plate of Benny which my husband ended up eating. When we got the bill we noticed they didn't charge us for either Benny's and we asked if they could since I ate one but they insisted. So they get an awesome review today. We've been going here since we moved to the area in August and will continue to go here for brunch in the future.
4	Ahhhhhhhh, comfort at its best.  Soo warm and inviting.  On a cold day , hot coffee  and pancakes are vest. However,  I am weird, I chose iced tea and a spinach wrap!!!  Just goes to show you can get what you like here!!!!
