4	This is a tiny place tucked into some snazzy downtown complex. Its cheap for downtown, and the portions are generous, so I suggest getting only the smaller sizes.I had a rice and beans burrito, and they let you take one of their hot sauces to the table. I asked for something really hot, and I actually got it. This is surprising for Pittsburgh, because I've noticed overall the town is weak on spice (even the Thai restaurants). Anyway, the beans in the burrito were fresh and cooked perfectly, and the rice was also plump and lightly spiced. The place is tiny and clean, and I got in and out for under five dollars for lunch.   This place is really a gem--its cash only though, so bring that with you.  Good find. A lot better than some of the other places higher up on the list.
5	My favorite mexican restaurant. The ingredients are so fresh everything is made to order, their home made salsa is the best.  Can't go wrong with anything on the menu. Foods not grease like you get at a lot of Mexican placesPortions are very generous, you will not leave hungry. Only open for lunch and only takes cash. And it can get busy for lunch but where downtown doesn't.All in all great food, excellent staff and a great Price. My go to Mexican pick
5	Hands down my favorite burrito in the greater Pittsburgh region. The owner always remembers my order when I show up: beans and cheese with rice, size 'chico' (though there's nothing chico about it). It's flavorful, fresh, and filling. I also recommend the taco salad, and the tacos themselves. The only item I've had that was less than thrilling was the vegetarian quesadilla... a little heavy on the cheese. But the rest is so good that an average dish has no bearing on my overall rating. Eating here is a must.
3	The new Madonna's is disappointing.  A co-worker who always gives Madonna's rave reviews picked the new location for a lunch date.  He had talked about the spices, the flavor, the service.  Well, it was one for three.  The service was friendly, even during the lunch rush.I had the chico chicken quesadilla.  For $4.81 (with tax), it was a pretty big quesadilla.  However, it was just Monterrey jack, chicken, and a soft shell.  No spices, no onions, no peppers.  It was still decent for the price.  But I'm 99.9996% sure that the chicken was from a can.  How would I know?  Because I've cheated and used that same canned chicken in quiches when I was in a rush.  It's good canned chicken, but c'mon!  My lunchmates also complained that their burritos were bland.  I'm giving three stars because I believe Madonna's can (and will) do better.P.S. CASH ONLY!
5	It's not a chain n it's fresh. Love their homemade salsa yum!!
2	I was walking back and forth through downtown over a series of days and saw Madonna's. I made it a point to tell myself that I should stop in and get myself something to eat. I love Tex-Mex food and am always looking for new places to patronize. I stopped in during lunch and ordered a steak burrito with guacamole to go. When I received my order I immediately opened it to take a bite. I was immediately underwhelmed. I saw that they had some Tapatio and added it to the full course of my burrito and took my leave of the little corner store.The best part of the burrito was the Tapatio that I added after the fact. The issues with it were myriad. My biggest issue was the utter lack of any taste. That's right, my burrito had no flavor. How do you make a steak burrito with guacamole and pinto beans without any flavor what-so-ever in any of the components? Not far behind that question was the fact that my steak burrito had almost no steak. It was all beans and guacamole. Don't get me wrong, I like beans and guacamole when they are properly made, but I ordered a STEAK burrito and not a bean burrito seasoned with a few pieces of meat.I might try this place again to give it another chance, but I would stay away from the steak burrito and would most likely eat vegan that day just to see if the lack of flavor was situational.
