5	It is never pleasant going to the doctor when you are sick, especially when you are out of town and sick, but the staff at NextCare made being sick almost enjoyable.  They were prompt, attended to my every need and made sure the medicine I needed could be purchased at the best price.The internet check-in is a big plus, no waiting in the office they call you when they are ready for you to come in...WOW  Their follow up was prompt and courteous too. I wish my regular doctor's office were run this well.
4	No waiting, got us in right away. We did not have to wait very long in the room. The "doctor" was very fast and in a hurry. There was no one else there don't know why he was in a hurry. Talked very fast and ask us if we had anything else and out of there.
1	Absolutely DISRESPECTFUL....I went in to get treated for a cold, but at the time I didn't have health care. When I asked the receptionists at the counter for an explanation on the programs they had to offer, they handed me a brochure with a list of them and said "here they are". Every question I asked afterword had a short reply or unknowledgeable one. As I sat down waiting for her to make a copy of my ID, a woman came in and could hardly speak due to lack of breath. The previous health care clinic she had been to denied her, and when she asked if they could help or suggest somewhere close, their only suggestion was to go to the emergency room or find a way to come up with the money to pay for health care. The receptionists had no sympathy for this poor woman who could hardly stand. I would have offered her a glass of water and made a few calls to help get her to the right, affordable place. In a busy environment I might understand not being able to call around to a bunch of places, but I was the only other patient in there and witnessed them chatting and playing on Facebook. I'm quite shocked that they just hire any bimbo walking down the street. It's sad that society can't even do basic math anymore, let alone know how to do such as simple of a job as this one. Poor business management and lack of character.
5	I came in due to an unfortunate mishap at work and was surprised by how great the staff was! Everyone was very professional but were also very down to earth..not all stuffy and tense like alot of medical offices..i had the pleasure to meet a very cute and funny phlebotomist/medical assistant who was sweet yet professional ...shame on me for not remembering his name..anyway..a great place to stop in for an emergency visit.. :)
