5	*GASP*! Jill is on yelp! YAY!  ^_^I'm so glad we met Jill.  She has made our home wonderful.  We were a little hesitant in the beginning because I was afraid we were going to have totally different opinions and views. But they are great listeners and  they really try to understand and work with what you want.  They are professional. They listen.  They are not uptight. Super organized. They are honest and patient.  I like it when someone tells me it doesn't match or it would look better somewhere else. I'm paying for their opinion and expertise.  Cant stand 'yes' people and I'm so glad Jill can tell it like it is and is professional in getting things done.She has a lot of experience under her belt and use to do model homes. Our living room looks like it was cut out of a catalog. We are very happy with Inside Style.  You cant go wrong.
5	Jill and her staff are absolutely wonderful. They were able to make our home a dream home. Her taste for beauty and harmony is definitely one of a kind, and after redoing almost the entire home, she also designed our gilrs' room that turned out to be just perfect. All our friends love Jill's work as soon as they walk into our home. Thank you so much for Jill!!!
5	After looking for an interior designer for my new home, I decided to go with Jill at inside style.  I am so happy with my decision!!  My biggest fear was an interior designer who was going to create a space for me to their own ideals and creating a space that I could not afford.  Jill addressed all of my concerns to create not only an esthetic space, but she was very practical about it.  She addressed all of my needs and knew everything I wanted from a simple email and phone call.  Maybe its experience, maybe its a gift, but she knew almost exactly what I wanted.  I love that!!  Pleasure to work with and makes the whole experience relaxing and fun.  Recommend all homeowners to give this a shot, you can get great insight from Inside Style.Thank you again =) Can't wait for the home to be finished
1	Called two weeks ago and left a message regarding the project in my home and was told I would hear back from someone by Monday...still waiting.  Seems a shame as she has such high reviews.
5	Jill is the best interior designer! She has impeccable taste. I've been working with her for a year now and I'm so glad I found her thanks to Yelp. There were always things that I was stumped about when decorating and finding her has been a godsend. I mostly find new furniture or light fixtures online but with a decorator they go way beyond just the internet world. Interior designers go to shows and know about what can be had at shops that I've never stepped foot in, which saves you time and money. You don't make mistakes on purchases because she prevents all of that. I cannot tell you how helpful she has been to me and she actually saved me from myself when picking out the finishings for my kitchen remodel. I had picked out zebrawood with concrete counters and glass mosaic tile and it would not have matched in my home. The kitchen would have been beautiful, don't get me wrong, but it just did not match everything else and Jill helped me see the light. If it weren't for me deciding to have her help out instead of doing it on my own, I probably would not have loved my kitchen as much as I do now. What a costly mistake I would have made had I gone with what I had originally planned! It was well worth it to hire Jill and get the job done right and have my house done to perfection. Jill gets me and she gets my taste. It's very easy for us to come together and decide on the perfect light fixture, accent wall material, paint color, you name it. For all your design needs, contact Jill. You will be so glad you did!
5	Very helpful and professional people. Was looking for a good place until I finally came across inside style home. They got amazing things at a reasonable price.
