5	We originally were going to do this hike with an organized group, but took a wrong turn getting to the trailhead, and we missed them. Luckily, we ended up doing a completely different trail instead of the one they planned and wound up going up to Tom's Thumb. apparently this is a recent edition to the trails here and we weren't disappointed. we started at 8:15am and it took us about 5 hours with frequent stops and a picnic up top. total mileage was 10 miles. the trailhead itself is gorgeous, with copper facades and environmentally friendly bathrooms (although i don't know why you need such a fancy trailhead, it was nice all the same). the greeting rangers, another surprise, were super friendly and handed out free maps. our hike took us uphill almost the entire time, through some daunting switchbacks, finally arriving at tom's thumb and several other huge boulders. apparently this is a good area for rock climbing as we saw some anchors and signs on the bigger rocks. also...mtn biking! fantastic lung/leg workout. all in all a great hike. get out and have fun.
4	My boyfriend & I hiked Tom's Thumb from the back entrance, in Troon Valley. When you start from this alternate trail head the hike is only 3 miles, and gives gorgeous views of wide open spaces with very little house/city views. There are a lot of pretty places to stop and take a picture (and a breather because this hike isn't easy but is doable).
5	Why did it take me so long to check this hike off my to-do list? This trail is amazing! I've been wanting to hike to a McDowell Mountain peak since I moved to Arizona and when I finally did it this past weekend I was not disappointed. Instead, I was blown away.  At times I felt like I was on a trail that was as good, if not better, than some of hikes I've done in National Parks. After completing this trail, I doubt I'll do Camelback or Squaw ever again. Why would I? This trail is cooler and less crowded. The trail starts after a drive through a beautiful neighborhood of big homes and then a dirt road. (See directions below.) The hike itself is about 2.1 miles to Tom's Thumb. It is a strenuous, nearly 900 foot climb, up switchback after switchback. You're surrounded by massive scenic boulders throughout the hike to the top. When you get to the Tom's Thumb rock formation itself you will be greeted with an amazing view of the west side of the mountains and the city of Scottsdale down below. Lots of exploring can be done up top so give yourself some extra time.Here are directions to the trailhead that I found from another website.  They directed me to the trailhead with no problems:From the Phoenix area, take state HWY-101 North to the Pima Road exit. Drive north on Pima road and turn right onto Happy Valley road. From Happy Valley road, turn right onto Alameda Road (also signed as 115th street). Drive 0.5 miles and turn right onto 119th Way. Drive 0.4 miles and turn left onto Casitas Del Rio. Take this road 0.4 miles and take a left turn on Paraiso Drive. After about 0.1 miles on this road, it will turn to dirt.  The typical trailhead and parking to Tom's Thumb is closed. Follow the signs that point you in the direction for the temporary trailhead parking. From the above directions, continue 0.3 additional miles to an unnamed dirt road and turn right. Drive 0.4 miles to the primitive parking area.
4	My new favorite hike!  We did it a couple weeks ago when it actually snowed in scottdale, so the trail was a bit icy and had snow patches - made for a fun hike!We had the whole trail to ourselves - we ran into some people in the parking lot and that was it!   I'm sure if the weather was better and it was a weekend the trail would be more crowed.  the construction and parking is not the greatest, but all that ensures that we can have this hike to ourselves!  if it is too easy to get too more people will come!   ;)It is definetly a butt kicker, steep switchbacks, but the view is amazing!  I wouldn't do this hike during the summer - it is exposed and difficult!
5	If once a year you decide to take your friends up on their offer to go hiking next weekend, don't.I thought it would be fun. It wasn't.I was sick at the first signpost...the one in the parking area.It never got any better. My lungs, inflated for the first time in years with something other than weed and cigar smoke, were seizing up like an old whore.My legs so jittery from the experience, caused my car to lunge back and forth on the drive home, as my jimmy-leg worked both the gas and brake simultaneously.And my feet hurt so badly, I had to soak them in ice before going out that night.I'll be back up there next weekend.
5	This is not an easy hike. But it's an awesome hike, for sure. If you aren't an avid hiker, my main piece of advice is to STRETCH YOUR CALVES before you start. Seriously. You'll thank me when you don't have debilitating cramps. And bring water, you're going to be huffing and puffing. I entered at the new trail head from the north. There is quite a large parking lot, a small educational area, clean bathrooms and NO RUNNING WATER. This is important to take note of if you plan on filling your water bottles at the gate. There are many steep switchbacks and several beautiful scenic spots. If you're into rock climbing, there are a handful of locations here for bouldering. Getting to the Thumb feels great emotionally, but for me, it was a bit anticlimactic. There is a better scenic spot about .5 of a mile prior to reaching it where you have a beautiful panorama of the McDowells. High heeled shoes may give you great calves, but Toms Thumb will give you a great butt!
4	The old trailhead is not available. You must take Happy Valley to Ranch Gate Rd (picture added with directions from old trailhead). I enjoyed this trail very much! I loved having the opportunity to boulder and explore a neat cave just off to the right when heading back. It was also fun to hike around the circumference of the Thumb. No running water but there are bathrooms. I want to come back for some lead climbing. 4.4 mile steep round trip hike from the main trailhead.  Lookout adds on a mile or go all out with 13 miles RT on Gateway loop and park at 104th and Bell.
5	For my 200th review, one of my favorite things!Tom's Thumb Trail is by far my favorite hike.  After first discovering it three years ago, I keep going back for more!  It is a roughly 5 mile out and back route with some challenging portions and 3,600 feet of elevation gain.  Your lungs and legs will definitely get a workout!Starting off, you enjoy a deceptively flat section which quickly transitions to a number of fairly steep switchbacks that lead up and Up and UP.  Take time to catch your breath and enjoy the view!  What I consider the 'middle' part of the hike is a more moderate section that has a lot of really interesting rock formations, cactus, cholla and other prickly plants you don't want to touch.  In the distance, you can even see the Fountain Hills fountain on a clear day.  The final portion (before turning back) leads up to The Thumb and requires just a little bit of scrambling.  At the top, be sure to touch The Thumb - it is good luck!  :)Be safe and bring plenty of water - while the new trail head has restrooms, no running water is available.Enjoy!!
5	this was such a fun trail! it's a pretty good workout, it'll definitely get your heart pumping! there's no water at the trailhead, so plan accordinly. also, the hike back down can be pretty slipperly with all the gravel, so be careful.
4	Finally we licked Tom's ThumbSometimes it is tough to find the exact information of a trail. There are so many websites, blogs and yelp reviews but still I find it tough to find all the information I am looking for. So, in my review I will try my best to provide the useful information.Tom's Thumb is located in Scottsdale's McDowell Sonoran Preserve. The official websites are http://www.mcdowellsonoran.org/trailhead/displayLocation/8#sthash.s7ooNaPa.dpbshttp://www.scottsdaleaz.gov/preserveThere are many loops on this trail. Make sure you check the Picture I have uploaded here for the difficulty levelsWe didn't and ended up doing the toughest one - to the base of Tom's thumb.Pickup up a fold-able map available near the restrooms. This area has no drinking water.You can enter this address in your GPS - 23015 N 128th St, Scottsdale, AZ, 85255 and when you get near, there are clear sign boards to the trail head.The drive to the trailhead itself is a roller coaster ride and fun. You'll know when you get thereNow about the Hike - it is tough and fun. Great views. In some parts it is like walking in the sand due to loose gravel, which makes the hike even tougher.The view from the base of Tom's thumb is spectacular.Mark this review as useful if you think so. It might help others.
5	When my adventurous hiking friend told me this hike was very difficult, I was expecting the worst but I guess since I've spent so much time running daily, I guess my endurance has improved and I really didn't think the hike was that difficult. It's not covered with "stairs" like Piestewa Peak, and it is much longer, but man! Was this hike gorgeous! Even the drive in was unique. It was similar to being on a small roller coaster, hilly as can be!This hike, at least the 5 mile one we did today, promises tighter butt and quad muscles! You gain an elevation of about 1,200 feet, the trail guide at the entrance said. There are plenty of switchbacks and areas where the gravel is loose but the scenery is so breath taking that you are distracted and almost don't even think about the hike's difficulty.There is no water around as other hikers have mentioned, so please bring water with you just in case when you hike. This trail is definitely worth trying at least once and who knows? You might become addicted to always coming here, because I know I will!
5	The Marcus landslide trail is amazing. It contains some of the most unusual rock formations in Arizona and you can hike up a prehistoric landslide for an incredible view of the valley. The hike starts off pretty flat, but you get a workout if you chose the extra mile loop up the landslide. Scottsdale does a great job with their signage and the trail is mostly wide with some area sneaking under rocks. The vies are crazy good and this is one of the more scenic hikes in the area.
4	My friend and I decided to take up hiking to get back in shape. Well, we chose this as our introductory hike yesterday, and let me tell you--I'm typing this from bed because I'm not sure I'll be getting out today!That being said, it was difficult, but definitely doable! Runner up for the hardest part of the hike is the middle third where the switch backs get really steep, but near the top, it levels off for the last third of the hike to Tom's actual thumb!The real hardest part, though? Coming back. There's tons of loose gravel the entire way, and we saw three people slip right into cactuses (cacti?). We took our sweet time because of bad knees (we sound like we're ancient, but we are in our 20's!), but be warned that it's pretty dangerous, slippery, and slightly terrifying.All in all, a great hike!! Bring a camera and plenty of water!
5	Tom's Thumb is a great hike.  The length is just over 4 miles round trip.  You begin by hiking onward and upward into the McDowell Mountains.  The most difficult part of the hike is the switchback section.  Once you power though that, however, you find yourself hiking upon a ridge that eventually gets you to Tom's Thumb.Even on a Saturday the trail is not over populated.  Nothing is worse than the constant, "On your right!" of other hikers on trails such as Pinnacle and Camelback.  Yes, you have to drive a bit to get the trail head, but the road in is almost as fun as the hike itself!The view from the summit is wonderful.  You can Camelback Mountain (roughly 14 miles away) and all of Phoenix.  You also can see all of Paradise Valley and North Scottsdale.  Fountain Hills can be seen on the trail as well.  You are high enough in the mountains to see breath taking views of a beautiful area.I highly recommend getting out there and enjoying this trail!
5	If anyone follows me on Yelp then they know I love to hike! I usually have my favorite trails in the valley already but I finally got a chance to try Tom's Thumb this past weekend. Man what was I missing? I really enjoyed this hike. It's a little bit longer than the other popular valley hikes, but that what I thought was good. This hike to the thumb was a little bit linger than 2 miles, also a little over 1000ft ft gain. I thought it was a moderate hike, but at parts I was out of breath and did take a few breaks. You will have a good workout after this hike. Best thing about the whole McDowell mountain park is the different hikes that you can do. Grab a map and see the different hikes you can go on. I only got the chance to do the thumb but plan on going to the landslide in the next few weeks. Tip..try to find Ogre's Den..It's a cave near the west side of the actual thumb. Kinda cool and bring something to leave!
5	About as good as it gets in the valley! Smooth trails w/ some slippery loose soil. Good climbing grade and some flats for running.  At the top there are some good technical rock climbing opportunities if you are adventurous.   Also, there are nice bathrooms, covered seating and parking at the North trailhead.
5	2 weekends in a row! We are making this hike our tradition for every Sunday! Great challenge! Looking forward to finding the hidden ogres den on our next adventure! Tons of parking and really great views at the top of Tom's Thumb!!! We plan to get the 360 views at the Lookout next Sunday! Obviously we love this hike!
5	This is a hiker's hike. Views are as good as those found on Camelback Mountain and Piestewa peak except the trail is smoother and a lot less crowded. One of those hikes where as soon as you finish you can't wait to do it again. The Ogre's Den is cool if you can find it but this hike is worth it even if you don't. Found a pretty cool description and analysis of the hike here http://www.fuistetravels.com/views/tomsthumbandtheogresden
5	Great trail.  Great views.  Not very crowded.
5	Just got done hiking toms thumb trail a few hours ago for the first time. So beautiful, but challenging! Takes around two hours for the whole thing round trip, but definitely rewarding once you get to the top. Clearly marked trails, which was nice too. About every half mile there was a sign telling you how much longer left & which direction to go for each trail. Doesn't have water at the main trail head but has restrooms & maps! Great for moderate hikers!
4	A little under 5 miles round trip. Moderate difficulty. Fun hike with a gorgeous view from the top and hundreds of rocks to climb on! Maps provided at the bottom near the bathrooms, The trail was well marked and also showed directions for the other many hiking routes in the area. Plenty of gorgeous desert plants to enjoy. Not much shade until the top. The route had some steep inclines for half the hike, and half was fairly flat. It looked like there were many rock climbing routes, trad and sport, which were all marked fairly well on the signs. I would do this, or neighboring trails again.
