4	I frequent this location before work quite a bit since I start work right around the normal dinner time. Always clean, friendly, and good food. They have real silverware and "real" plastic plates! Lol.
4	I have been to this location a few times before work and they're quick!!  Prior to this, I hadn't been to a Boston Market in years!  The last time I was there, they had plastic forks and knives and plastic plates that was sectioned off for your food. Now...real silverware and real plates!!   Nice!  :)I love that they offer bowls now too. They are the perfect size and you can get anything you want in it!  Hmmm.  All this talking is making me want to go now!!
4	Having the Mediterranean chicken salad for the first time.  Not very Mediterranean, but i like it and it's enough for two.  This is a nice store, in a nice area, with nice people.  The real deal is if you go in on a week night, you get a coupon good for the weekend, buy a meal and a 32 oz drink, get a 2nd entree free.  So turkey lunch, salad dinner, for around $10.I like that you can eat healthy here. I'd like to know how they get the turkey so moist.  I get the turkey because of that, even though i would rather have the chicken (all dark, too much fat!).  You can get chicken noodle soup as a side, and I like the green beans (i like sweet potato but it's a bit too sweet, which is only bad because of the added calories).  and corn bread for desert.
2	What happened Boston Market?  You used to have a nice nutritious meal at a great price point. Now, portions are very skimpy, veggies are limp, turkey is full of gristle and, worst of all your gravy is horribly watered down. Still a notch above other fast food but, what happened?  C'mon, you can tell us.
5	I stopped in for dinner Sunday night because I wanted something fresh and healthy.I sure was happy I chose to visit an old favorite. I actually have been eating at Boston Market for many years, We would go to the valleys original location in Tempe, and back then it was a great place. Over the years I saw the quality fade and the flavors go south. I chalked that up to growth and just chose other dining options.On last nights visit I was greeted by a friendly young lady who had that great "we are happy you are here" smile. I was happy that she helped guide me through side selections so I could get a side salad and fresh steamed veggies with The Half Chicken Special.After ordering I noticed that the drink and condiment station was well stocked and clean, as was the dining room. I found a table and within seconds my meal was brought to me by the same friendly cashier. The meal was Hot and smelled delicious, The steamed veggies were cooked perfect and on the same quality level as most high end restaurants in this town. The side Caesar salad was fresh and yummy and at no extra cost! WOW! The Star of the night though was the perfectly cooked and seasoned chicken. I was so impressed with the plates and utensils because the were real. No plastic and paper, that was a nice touch.Places like this have teams of executives that work hard to make sure there unit teams perform and execute meals and guest satisfaction like I had last night. Well somebody's doing there job and THAT'S FRESH!!!!I recommend Boston Market if you have never been or haven't been in a while. It has to be the best meal in town under 10 bucks!
5	It's Boston Market. Same great taste and service like the others. Quick drive thru too.
