4	I go here often for lunch.  The place is kept clean and the staff is very friendly.  I can see how Nilay thought the service was lacking in smiles, but I guess everyone has their good and bad days.It's bad when I walk in and the guys already know what I am going to order.  I try to switch it up for variety, but it's hard to break old habits.  My only gripe about this place is the shopping center location and it is a little difficult to get out of the parking lot due to a fairly busy intersection on Prosperity Church Rd.
3	The pro's of the corporate business... Subway is a very extended franchise. As such, it utilizes the same cold cuts, bakes the same bread, and creates the same "general" sandwhich types at every store. This is a plus. I tend to dislike places I can never rely on getting the same meal, because it differs, it is made by different people, etc. Sure, the meats and cheeses aren't the freshest as they come from a corporate manufacturing HQ, but so what? If I'm feeling frisky, I can go to my local Jersey Mikes and pay another $4 for the same sandwhich! As an individual watching what I eat from time to time, its good to know that there is a business out there in the food industry that does a great job tending to my demographic. The abundance of healthy choices and vast information associated with such makes managing a diet easy, given this is your food of choice and you enjoy subs and salads.This particular location has been a bit of dissapointment to me. I very seldom frequent here but find myself attending a lunch occasionally as it is directly by the office. Despite the varying time of my excursion around 12pm, there always seems to be a crowd and a sandwhich prepper taking their time at orders. Don't come to this location anywhere near lunchtime! Its a location that gets great business, but yet still does not serve a breakfast either.My final thoughts? Employ an entirely new staff. There's one guy there that seems to have his act together and trys his best to get people in and out, all others seem to have no desire to be efficient and/ or quick. They could also use some help on learning how to keep things "together" in a sandwhich. Deli 101 guys, Deli 101.
4	Consistently good food. And I think the staff there does a great job. Wish they'd start serving breakfast though
3	I found myself wondering if the little guy that made my sandwich today had a money bet with someone in the back to see just how skimpy he could be with the product that he served. The meat was loose and not in the little white trays or separated by paper as it usually is. So he hand picked and visually estimated a portion... How odd.I miss the guy that looked like Vanilla Ice with the cool soul patch that made my sandwiches in 2012. He would always stop Collaborate and listen.The place is still a quality location with good food other than the one "Turd sandwich" I received from little "Mr I'm not the Vanilla Ice guy". I would still recommend this location as top notch.
1	Dirty and rude........their sandwhich boards are nasty and they dont wear gloves. The soda fountain  machine is not up to code. There was hair in my food the owner refused to remake or refund my money. Just nasty! The employees count out peppers and skip on product to save money. This place should be shut down
