5	If you Yelp* you are generally some kind of foodie.  If you are a cooking foodie driving south, the Casa Blanca Market has a rare item that will make you Foodie Cool.  Tepary.  Especially if you know some tepary facts.  If you want to know more, read on.  If you've ever watched Chef Ron Ben-Israel work his Reality TV time of tasteful peculiar humor, pronouncing, "You were no sweet genius" or, "You are a Sweet Genius,"  you might appreciate my pronunciation, "O'odham people, you are Ag Genius!"The indigenous people living around Our Fair Megacity were named Pima by Spanish and English speaking people.  Look it up.   They call themselves O'odham.  O'odham genius gave the world long staple Pima cotton, one of our planet's most important commodities.  A less known ag product is tepary.Imagine a swimming pool.  Walk to four feet deep.  Imagine standing on a golf course or lawn.  Imagine four feet of water covering every inch of green.  That's how much water it takes to have a decent, not even great lawn in the Sonoran Desert.  It takes about 8 inches less water to grow a crop of that amazing cellulose fiber, cotton.Pull the plug on your imaginary water source. Drain it to four inches deep.  In his book 'Gathering the Desert" Gary Nabhan reported tepary beans need four inches of irrigation to make a crop.  A crop that with a little corn, squash, wild spinach, mesquite, cactus, agave, saguaro fruit, and other foods, fed healthy, active, genius indigenous people in the Sonoran Desert for thousands of years.You can buy tepary beans at Gila River Indian Community Convenience stores.  Plus all the usual C-store gasoline, pop, beer and junk food.  Here's a link to the O'odham farmers growing them, plus recipes for this Native American genius food plant.   Share some with friends.http://www.ramonafarms.com/recipes/
5	Eat from anywhere in the world in one market, well with the exception of Dog and probably a few others that I believe are illegal here in the US of A. The dog, a Korean dish. I turned it down there, I am sure I would not eat it here as well.
