3	Very clean and decor is well done.  The quasi-art deco design is comfortable and livable.  The amenities include a small fridge and a microwave (well, at least the room I was assigned had both).  The coffee maker, however,  is way too small.  It's one of those pods 1-shot.  Better find a Starbucks or something similar if you are a serious coffee drinker because the coffee in the lobby is also pretty weak but the free breakfast with make-your-own-waffles is a big plus.There are 3 washers and 3 dryers (on the 2nd floor) but when this note was posted, 1 washer was broken.But you gotta love the free internet.The hotel is serviceable if you need to stay in this area.
3	This place is very serviceable if you ask me. There's a Business Center with free faxing, printing, photocopying, etc. Also, a rec room with a bike and elliptical machine and treadmill and weights, etc. Plus, breakfast every morning (free!) which ain't too shabby. Eggs, bacon, cereal, oatmeal, fruit, waffles...REAL fruit juice, coffee, tea, danishes and croissants. Toast. And on and on and on. If you're in town on business, I'd recommend it. Also, there's a microwave and a fridge in your room. Or at least, there was in mine. And a pool. A pool outside. Though, honestly, it wasn't swimming weather when I went. All in all, I enjoyed my time at this hotel, and the front desk was quite helpful, too!
3	It was a hotel.  The staff was friendly and seemed to genuinely want to accommodate everyone.  The entire hotel, from the lobby to the breakfast room to our room was very clean.  Our room was nice and... roomy.  As in there was a lot of space.  The blinds kept the sun out, the bed was comfortable enough (though my girlfriend couldn't find a pillow she liked), the TV worked, and the free wifi worked even if it was slooow.Breakfast is free, but pretty crappy.  They do change things up slightly each day, which is nice.  But they had trouble keeping the food stocked, and as these free continental breakfasts tend to be, everything is pretty mediocre.  The best was biscuits and gravy, which they only had one day.  They also have the usual assortment of breads, bagels, a meager selection of fruit, cereals, oatmeal, and one wafflemaker that takes forever.  There's a pool outside that we didn't visit, and a small workout room with about four cardio machines and a bowflex type weight machine - no free weights.  The hotel is on the outskirts of town, too, so depending on where you need to be, it may not be the most convenient location.  For us going to Talking Stick to see some baseball, it was pretty great, and it's a quick shot down the highway into Scottsdale proper, or Phoenix.It didn't wow us, but it didn't leave us disappointed.
4	I usually stay at a "nice" hotel for business once a year (Hyatt, JW Marriott). I recently stayed at the Wingate for a personal vacation (spring training) and was pleasantly surprised. For half the price, this hotel had all of the amenities, plus an attentive and friendly staff. Super clean, great free hot breakfast set-up, nice pool and Jacuzzi. A little hard to find, but well worth it!
1	OKAY, very unhappy customer. 1. When we arrived at the hotel after a 12 hour drive from California and we arrived about 3 hours before check in, which is at 3pm. I asked if we could check in early and they said NO, the rooms are being cleaned, I waited in that lobby for 3 hours until I could check in, I would check back periodically once every hour to see if ONE room had been cleaned so my friends and I could SLEEP after that long drive. But NO!! Surely, after three hours of waiting at least ONE room had been cleaned. It should NOT take THREE hours!!!! I would have really appreciated it if after ONE room was cleaned i could check in. thats all i wanted, but it proved to be too big of an issue.2.) there was a couple with an infant and they couldn't accomodate them as well. Charged them extra for a suite because their baby needed a place to rest his head because he was getting restless, I felt bad for the family.3.) the outlet in the bathroom killed my new blow dryer.4.) I booked using Hotwire (where I pay a flat rate for a hotel and that's it, the hotel charged me extra on top of that!! Someone wasn't paying attention when they slid my card!) and my card STILL got charged a lot of money!!!!! Making it impossible to pay my bills on time when I got back from my trip!! ***you owe me wyndham!!!!!!!!***Next time I come to Scottsdale for spring training I will avoid using Hotwire so that I ensure I will not get stuck with this hotel.Plus side, the rooms were nice. Didn't make up for the fact that I had a very bad experience here.
4	Clean  facility with  Friendly staff that went out of there way to accommodate.
5	Wonderful stay.  Clean room with everything I needed (including mini fridge), gorgeous pool, friendly staff, excellent rates.What really set this stay above and beyond was the complementary breakfast offering.  They have everything!  Close to business parks (great for me - my office is across the street!) and convenient walking distance to shops if you need anything.
1	Came back to the room after being gone since 7am room was not serviced.  Called the front desk to get a very rude unhelpful person. They said their policy was to do rooms of people who checkout first. This is sunday. The hotel is basically empty. Makes a lot of sense to clean unoccupied rooms instead of rooms that have guests in them.
