1	My young children love Panda Express orange chicken. They eat it 2-4 times a month. We were at the mall on a Saturday afternoon and stopped into the food court to have lunch. The kids ordered the orange chicken and happily started to eat. To our surprise, it was spicy. I noticed the color was a bit dark compared to normal but then I realized they must have mistakenly made it wrong. They were adamant it was made correctly and wouldnt provide a refund. It was completely inedible for my kids we had to throw it away and get them some pizza. We're still deciding whether we'll be returning to any Panda Express but certainly never again to this one.
3	Typical Panda Express, but add a drive thru. Service is not exceptionally friendly, but lets face it, who cares. You have to deal with the employees for a whole minute and a half. Food is always good, portions are generally good, and close to shopping.
3	Meh. I stood in line, (by myself), while the employees stood around talking for a good 5 minutes. I guess it gave me time to check in on Yelp, so whatever. Other than that, it was standard Panda fare.
3	Well ...you been to one Panda Express you've been to them all.  It serves a purpose of getting a healthy plateful of fair chinese fare!   So there! :)
3	My husband likes Panda Express and we've been to this one a few times.  It's not real Chinese food and really caters towards the American taste, which is fine because that's what they do.One time, I remember, it was a Chinese woman behind the counter and boy, what an attitude.  I think if I were white, she'd have treated me better.  Maybe Asians with their own kind, they feel they can give poor customer service to because we're willing to take it, but since there are plenty of other places to eat at, especially Panda's, it's not a good idea to treat your Asian clientele like crap.The food is the same from one Panda to another and usually we get good service.  I've noticed if it's a Hispanic person, the service is awesome.  If' it's an Asian person, it's up for grabs.  And so so with a white person.Bad services at places where there a lot of, we're usually more inclined to stop doing business.
