2	As my lady friends and I descended from our rooms, all tarted up for a bash, we decided to hit Stir for a quick happy hour cocktail and some nibbles. Stir looks quite nice, all sofas and dim lighting, and the happy hour menu posting on the website indicated half off cocktails and apps from 4-8. Unfortunately, the actual menu was quite a bit smaller and quite a bit less appetizing but again, happy hour, so we figured no big deal and placed our orders. The berry mojito was very tasty but very, very weak on the rum, if indeed it had any. Our burger was a sad grey patty covered in tasteless cheese on a smushy bun, depression in edible form. A friend's hummus was weirdly oily and the pita stale and hard. The beef skewers came with thin, mucousy ranch instead of hoisin as promised. So yes, this bar is convenient, and yes, the happy hour prices are compelling. Even so, save your money unless you like to chew on your own disappointment.
4	While staying at the Platinum, the bf and I stopped by the lounge twice. We opted for the bar both times, rather than sink into the spacious plush couches that filled the lounge. The service was quicker, the bartenders were entertaining, we had front row seats in front of the TV to watch the Lakers in the playoffs :(, and it was easier to get our booties off the bar chairs.Our first visit was a stop for beers before heading out to Fremont Street. For 2 Blue Moons, we paid a whopping $4.25. I'm pretty sure that on top of the half off HH pricing, we were still undercharged.The next evening, we ate dinner here, which was conveniently HH (M - Sun 4 - 8) again. For 1 Guiness, 2 Blue Moons, a Stir Burger, and crab cakes, we shelled out $17. I agree with the other Yelp! elites that the food here is not spectacular, and not even memorable, but for HH prices, it tasted decent. The bf's burger was juicy and filling, though slightly overcooked for requesting medium. My crab cakes were savory, and came in 4 medium-sized patties. A solid lounge, but a bit off the beaten path for me to visit every time I'm in Vegas. Now that I'm more inclined to book rooms at the Platinum, I'll visit this lounge more, during Happy Hour.
5	If you're looking for a real bar with no gaming hogging the counter space this is the place. The bar tenders are talented at making drinks and great at making you feel welcome and appreciated (especially Sarah). Kitchen menu has some top notch items as well. Talented. Professional. Friendly.
