1	Bad service - super long wait. This place was empty- NOBODY was in there. We waited 2.5 hours to be seen; and the doctor was a JOKE. She moved so slow; she finally got in our room - said nothing remarkable. Read of her computer screen... was so unhelpful. Avoid this place like the Black Plague. That doctor needs to be seen mental health issues.
2	Major let down.  I booked online at 4 am on their site with their WAHOO service - nodoby called me back.  Knowing that this might happen - I was the first one there at 8 am for an appt and she said it shoudl be quick because I was first.   I was there 2 hours.  I waited 30 minutes just for someone to give me a prescription onsite there and I waited another 30 minutes to just get the paperwork done so I could pay and leave.  They didin't take co-pay from my insurance whihc surprised me so it was a whopping $110 just to see a Physician Assistant only just to give me painkillers.   I guess if you must see someone and absolutely cannot get in to your doctor - go ahead but be ready to WAIT and PAY out the ying yang.
2	Ok...  The name contains "Urgent Care" which leads you to believe two things.1. Your care will be "urgent"2. This is a medical facility that treats minor emergencies and advanced illness.  I would expect them to bridge the gap between your regular doc and the ER.Neither 1 nor 2 are correct.  Even with the call ahead WAHOO service you still have to wait.  Even when the place is empty.And...  They only have Nurse Practitioners.  That's fine because they are in many cases better than doctors, but they are limited on what they can prescribe.  If you need something stronger (antibiotics in our case) rather than tell you that you need something they can't give you, they still give you a prescription for a weaker antibiotic and send you packing.So I get less treatment than I get from my doc and I have to wait an eternity to get it.  Now remind me again why this is a good thing?
3	It's close to my house and open on weekends - that's where the goodness ends. Their WAHOO service (something about Wait At Home) is a joke. I wait for an hour plus and then arrive and wait and wait and wait... Watching infomercials. Ugh. As if being sick isn't bad enough. The billing department isn't the greatest either... Watch the bill. If you find a problem & bring it to their attention they will fix it quickly. The nurses are all nice... It's just the part before you get to them that stinks.
1	it's my day to whine....DO NOT go to NextCare Urgent Care off Tatum Blvd. Took my 11 year old there Saturday morning at 9:00am. They wanted to take a blood sample to send off. Their 2 employees were inept...kept poking her and "couldn't find a vein". Had to leave there and take her to Sonora Quest by Scottsdale Shea. They were awesome and I think we were there for all of 5 minutes total - with check-in time! To cap it all off, NextCare hasn't even called me with results. Had to call them....and of course there's no direct line to reach them! ANNOYED!!!!!  My family and I simply will not be back.
4	I just read the reviews for this place and I didn't really experience any of the issues. 1. I filled out the WAHOO online form. Within 2 minutes an agent called, confirmed my details (name, DOB, reason for visit), and said she sent the info the the Tatum location. She advised me to wait to hear from them. 2. About 10 minutes later Tatum Urgent Care called. She said she had an opening in an hour. That was great for me. I rested in my pjs until I had to get dressed to leave and drive 2 minutes from my house to this location. 3. I get there and it's easy to find on the first floor. Lots of parking -- I even found shade! 4. Nurse up front is kind and confirms my info. Hands me a clipboard with 1 form to fill out and their privacy notice. Boom -- filled out in 2 minutes. 5. Less than 5 minutes  later a nurse calls me into "the room." She is very kind and polite. Takes my blood pressure and info. I compliment her on how nice she is. 6. Less than 10 minutes later the NP shows up. She was SUPER KIND and asked me what was wrong. I had knee pain (still do as I write this...blergy blergy pain) and she said that I needed an MRI. She asked me if that was okay -- she clearly wanted to help me if the cost was too much. I have insurance and wasn't worried about my deductible so not a worry. But it is so nice that they are aware of the cost of medical care in this country. 7. She advised a knee brace, told me how much it would be if my insurance didn't cover it (super bonus, never had a medical place tell me anything about cost up front). Made sure it fit and was helpful. 8. Checked out 5-10 minutes later. Bottom line: quick and pain-free (not my knee, from the staff) visit. I would certainly return. I was out in like 30 minutes.
2	A longer wait than expected with only one person before me. Also they called in my prescription but transposed the cross streets of the pharmacy. I got a call from the store at 91st ave vs 19th ave, pretty disappointing when you're in pain. Due to this mistake I didn't get my pain medication the day I should have.
5	Great place for your healthcare needs. Nice and courteous staff, good Keurig coffee in the waiting room. Clean and well-equipped facility.
3	On Jan 1 went in for a walk in at 8am.  No one was at the site and no sign saying they were closed.   Yelp web site showed that they were open.  Had to call to find out that this site was closed for the day.  If it's a holiday call a head as they maybe closed.
1	Horrible process, waited 1 hour and 10 minutes to be seen and then the doctor calls in the wrong order. Calling back into the doctor to get this changed and waited on hold 2 different times for 15 minutes, not going here again.
1	I have never been so insulted as a patient.  I spent around a hour in the waiting room. ...I was with two different employees for a total of less than 10 minutes. I did see a stethoscope....The bill for services was $255....you've got to be kidding. ...that's criminal. ...
1	I don't tend to write reviews, but when it comes or a person's health, I feel compelled to share my experience to help others.  I also understand narcotics are regulated, but this was obviously a failure and hopefully a learning experience for this youthful physician (I also have requested a survey from Nextcare so that maybe they can reevaluate their process and procedure with either selecting physicians or general philosophy).  I broke my hand on July 6, 2014.  I broke 2 bones.  I saw my primary physician and then went to a hand surgeon.  I had surgery 4 days later to install 4 metal pins in my hand.  We alternated pain medication week by week between Norco (strong Vicodin) and Percocet (a stronger pain medication), depending on my pain level.  There were times that the only drug that would let me sleep was Percocet.  My hand surgeon and staff always asked me about my pain level.  Basically I would stay with Norco unless the pain level was not enough to let me sleep then I'd take a Percocet.  Really no big deal, I mean I have a bunch of metal sticking in and out of my hand, it's going to get painful at times. I had surgery on Tuesday 08/05 to remove the pins.  For those that have gone through surgery, sometimes the pain is masked for days due to the different drugs given during the operation and post-op.  I left the surgery center with a heavily bandaged splint and Norco for pain.  I followed post op instructions and on Friday, removed the splint and band aid the areas where the exposed pins were.  I was surprised at how swollen my hand was.  Saturday night got painful and did not sleep much.  On a Sunday 08/10, I pushed through the day and later in the afternoon recognized Norco would not do the trick with pain radiating from swelling beneath my pinkie area (I was not sure why maybe it is a nerve).  Anyway, I went to Nextcare since you need a paper prescription for Percocet and my doctor is closed.  My next appt with the hand surgeon was on Thursday on the other side of town (I'm a busy professional and have already taken 6 days worth of PTO and maxed my deductible) and I couldn't go another day without sleep. The nurse took my blood pressure and it was through the roof 152/90, I am normally 118/78.  The nurse acknowledged this was probably due to the pain.  I also gave the nurse my prescription records from walgreens showing my medication and the above information.  The last time I was ever prescribed pain medication was at least a decade ago, I'm obviously not an addict.  Then waited for the doctor.  The doctor came in (she was young, maybe 30).  Didn't bother to ask me what I was doing currently to manage the pain and said "I don't prescribe Percocet".  Then she said (why didn't you call before you came, which I replied because this is a walkin Urgent Care clinic, I mean really... I need to call a walkin clinic before I walk in?).  That was it, she didn't ask any questions!  No options, didn't ask what type of pain, where exactly is it emanating, no probing questions didn't determine my needs and/or short term treatment plan until my follow up with my hand surgeon a few days later.  I was absolutely shocked that no dr/patient protocol was followed.  I walked out the door, feeling absolutely shocked at what just happened.  I believe I was misdiagnosed as a drug seeker.  She didn't even look at my hand!  I'm sure she gets a fair share of drug addicts.  But this is where experience, clear headed evaluation and diagnosis, and care needs to come in... and it didn't happen.  Conversely, I immediately went to an Urgent Care Extra and got an experienced physician (mid-50s) who looked at my hand, asked me a lot of questions (rightfully so).  I offered to show my prescription records like Nextcare demanded, she said it wasn't necessary she can tell I am in elevated pain.  She created a short term treatment plan of ibuprofen and Percocet, ice pack to help with the swelling and I was taken care of.  It really didn't take a rocket scientist to diagnose and treat my hand.  Long story short, Nextcare has moved to the bottom of my list for urgent treatment if they have a list of physicians like the one I experienced.
4	Quick and easy check in. The office is as comfortable as can be considering the painful and uncomfortable circumstances. Went there first thing in the morning and the staff was cheerful, pleasant, and fast. Both the tech and the PA that treated me were easy to talk to and put me at ease.  The PA explained things to me in ways that made sense, but did not make me feel stupid.   I was in and out in 1 hour, and they called in my prescription to my regular pharmacy. I would recommend this urgent care to anyone needing immediate medical help.  This is also the only urgent care on the northeast part of town open at 7 AM (Mon-Friday).
1	I can't put negative stars? I should be able to. What an effing joke. Why is this place open? Went here with my wife. I have bronchitis and my wife is showing symptoms of it. She went in and was treated like dirt. No one was in there and after she was sent into a room, the nurses sat around and gossiped outside her door for 20 minutes. My wife got up to leave when they decided to stop her and then lied to my wife about being busy when even the receptionist admitted they were extremely slow. Then refused to give her meds and treat her after the argument with the nurses. I will refuse the payment with insurance when the bill comes and hope this place shuts its doors. I warn every one when I say "stay away from this Mickey Mouse operation before something bad happens to someone like malpractice". You guys are unprofessional and should be ashamed. After all my reviews on yelp, this is my first one, congrats assholes! I'll bring back her records from a real dr office to show you what morons work here. People, trust yelp reviews and move on to a different urgent care. There is a reason this office has bad reviews
1	This place is despicable and should be totally ashamed with themselves. I ran into this urgent care, as it was closer than any hospital, after a glass door shattered on my seven year old son leaving him with a huge gash on the leg and arm. The door was open at 4:40pm and in a panic I asked how long the wait was. The girl at the front desk said they had closed 40 mins prior. I asked her why the door was still open if that had closed that long ago and if they could please make an exception to see my son. She said, "oops I guess I should have locked the door." And, "sorry, you can go to another urgent care that's open, but we don't make exceptions." Horrific! I wouldn't go back there if they were the last urgent care in the city.
