5	This was the best experience I have had by far. To start, Cashmere answered the phone and was extremely professional and did a great job speaking to the dr's and level of service offered. She was kind enough to get me in the same day after listening to my concerns. When I arrived I was greeted by Cashmere after a short wait I was taken back to the patient room with Summer. Summer listened to all of my concerns and was wonderful. I did not feel rushed and felt as though she was listening to my every word. Summer was typing all of my concerns into the system but continued to make eye contact the entire time. I really appreciated this. Shortly there after I met Dr. Price and Shiela. Dr. Price was fantastic. She is a very kind, knowledgable and lovely person and Dr. I am so thrilled to have found her. In the end Shiela was thorough in ensuring that she covered all that Dr. Price wanted to discuss as well treatments for all areas. I had my prescriptions called in before I walked out the door with a lovely lady in the front. The overall experience was wonderful. This office is top notch and I look forward to going there for many years to come.
5	Simply put, Dr. Price is an amazing doctor. She is attentive, thorough, and informative. I went in for my appointment for a general full body scan and left feeling educated about sun protection and was given a great regimen too! I have since brought my son in for an appointment as I learned she is a pediatric dermatologist and his eczema has finally cleared up! I cannot say enough great things about Dr. Price and the office as a whole. Everyone was wonderful and it is a great experience where you do not even feel like you are at a doctors office.
5	Loved the modern, clean office. Everyone was super friendly. Cynthia was amazing and has treated my skin's needs and concerns delicately and efficiently. Every time I come back, my skin has improved and I find out more secrets to looking younger. The only problem I have now is younger men wanting to date me in their 20's when I am in my 30's. Since being a patient, my acne cleared up, my fine lines were erased, and my freckles are gone.  She is precise in making my face look more beautiful. I felt confident after knowing cosmetic dermatology is her specialty. It's been a pleasure having Cynthia be my dermatologist with sharing her beauty secrets and turning them into my beauty solutions. Everyone asks me you looking amazing... I want to know what you are doing?!  I couldn't be happier:) My secret is safe within yelp! I highly recommend the PCA peels to looked refreshed and youthful. Jane Iredale products saved my skin! She will tell you the rest;)
5	I recently made an appointment with Dr. Price, based on a recommendation of a friend, whose skin I have always admired.  I was having break-outs due to holiday stress, and being in my mid-thirties, started to see a few wrinkles creeping up as well.  Acne combined with wrinkles was making me feel awful.  Dr. Price was able to fit me in relatively quickly and I am so thankful that I took the time to see her!  She was very compassionate and genuinely showed personal interest in my skin problems.  She was able to help me combat my acne and expertly injected botox, to give a smooth, natural look.  I am extremely happy with the way that my skin looks now, and I would highly recommend Dr. Price.
1	I love Dr. Price! Her office staff is horrible, especially the girls that answer the phones. In search of a new dermatologist now.
5	I LOVE Dr. Price. She's absolutely fabulous. And she takes my awful insurance (Healthnet - worse insurance ever). She takes her time with you; very knowledgeable; a total sweetheart and doesn't over prescribe. Often Dermatologists will rush, trying to fit in as many patients as possible. Dr. Price was relaxed and really listened. She's popular so it can take time to get an appointment. Ask to be put on the cancellation list. I got in much earlier by doing this.
