3	I love places like this.  Places that make no sense at all.  I came here to get some hair supplies.  I figured it would be a hair supply store... I get here and the place has  a lot of clothes on one side, some food, shoes and a bunch of hair supply stuff on the other side.  I felt like I was in South Florida for a moment when I walked inside and saw all the "stuff".   You can probably find medication in here and everything else you find at Walgreens in this store... I would not be surprised!I bypassed the clothes/and stuff and went straight to the hair "side".  It is very well organized and is nice and neat.  If I ever get my hair twisted again, I will go back here to pick up some of the hair again.  My stylist prefers a specific brand of hair in this store.
1	Today I tried to return a skirt, (the only item I have EVER and will ever buy from this store) not realizing they only give store credit for returns. Yes, it is clearly stated on the receipt and in their store, my fault for not seeing and reading. My fault for not trying it on and shopping with my daughter! However, sometimes exceptions can be made, right? So that's what I asked for, an exception to the rule. The managers, a male & female who suddenly spoke their native language, Chinese or Mandarin, (not that that matters, it's just RUDE) and were clearly discussing this with one another while I stood there. (I was the only customer at the counter). What response did I get? RUDE, RUDE, RUDENESS!! I asked them if they have EVER given store credit before. Neither one of them answered me. The almighty dollar has taken over at this CHEAP-WEAR-IT-AND-WASH-IT-ONCE-THEN-IT'S-DONE store. Gone are the days of great customer service, you know, the THANK-YOU, COME AGAIN kind of service. No, it's more like how much money can we make in America where all the people have money to shop?I admire the patient, sweet cashier who had to hear the whole thing. She was so kind to me. I truly hope they don't treat their employees the way they treated me!I will NEVER go back to that store again!
1	If I could pick zero stars I would ! This place is full of cheap clothes that tear on the first wash & their employees are stuck up , useless people . I tried to return a shirt w all tags & the receipt & their manager said I couldn't ! She even tried calling me a liar . NEVER COMING HERE AGAIN
