4	Walking down South Clerk st. you may just stumble upon this often ignored little Tibetan crafts and tea shop.The Himalaya Shop (still sometimes known as Himalaya Art and Craft) is shop specilising in Tibetan clothes, craft and other bits and bobs. At the back of the shop is a small cafe serving a range of teas and some simple snacks. Here they sometimes show films as well as hosting live music. It's a small space but its cosy and they make the most of it.The Himalaya shop supports the Free Tibet group and other charities. It also functions as a meeting place for like minded groups and those wanting to savour the atmosphere of Tibet and Northern India.The owners are friendly and chatty. I got the impression they ran this shop because they felt they were doing something good with it. This gives the place a genuine feel. I was welcomed in and introduced the shop. Before long I was being served some spiced chai and chatting to the man sitting at the opposite table (there are only two large tables).A really interesting and unique shop.
5	The Himalayan shop is so amazing.Chilled out with a family friendly atmosphere, the staff are unbelievably accomodating and very friendly. They make you feel at home as your browse the Himalayan jewellery and hats in the shop, and chat away to you as you sit in the cafe. The cafe is particularly awesome. I tried some of their chai tea which was lovingly made by a girl who was relatively new to the cafe. She had moved to Scotland for a few months from Estonia so we had an interesting chat about uni and life in general. She was very passionate about making me the perfect cup of chai tea - I wasn't brave enough to try the chilli in it this time but it had enough of a kick to wake me up.As much as their cushioned tea room was inviting, with the lovely smell of soup wafting out from the pot and with their wooden seats littered with colourful cushions, I had to go. I had some serious reviewing business to attend to. But I promised the girl that I would return to give her a verdict on the tea, which I am now about to do - it was terrific! Spicy and comforting, I drank every drop.I will go back to this shop/tea room for sure - very unique and utterly delightful!
5	I went into Himalaya to meet a friend, and to hide another. It was a surprise visit. And we smuggled my friend in wearing a scarf and a hat and under the impression that we had done a good job. But what a fail. It was the first time I'd been there and I had no idea what to expect, but it was a really sweet space full of autumnal colours (mainly their merchandise) that I had to avert my eyes from out of a fear of buying everything at hand. And when you walk in, you might be under the temporary impression that that's that, but through another doorway there's a sweet little cafe permeated in a delicious smell--of chai and homemade food. This Shop/Cafe is pretty much exemplary of a city's little secret. Go on discover it.
5	Love the interior of this place. It's so peaceful and calming. It helps me to work my essays and I would love to come back here just to enjoy the masala chai tea. They apparently made it from scratch so it's definitely special. The room has a really nice ambience with colorful wall decorations and instrumental music.
5	This was just what I was looking for. Vegi tastefull food, nice people, not expensive.And in my neighbourhood!Colorfull place as you would expect from a place called Himalaya.Try it and you'll come back for sure.Also opened on sundays starting from today...
