2	I like me a good salad.  I like me a good salad that I've constructed.  I like me a good salad bar.Souper Salad's not bad, but this location definitely has some room roe improvement.  My co-workers and I make sure to show up as early as possible because we've learned that the later in the day you go, the more wilted everything is, especially the lettuce.  Sometimes, they forget to refill the items and it's invariably that one thing you NEED to make your salad perfect.  They do have a pretty good selection of toppings and a lot of health conscious dressings.Their soups are bad.  I've tried a bunch hoping that one would be good because, hey, who doesn't like a good soup?  I've never once ate more than a couple of bites.  They're either too watery or too thick and never really taste like the kind of soup they're supposed to be.The baked potato bar kicks butt.  But that's because messing up a baked potato isn't easy.
3	When I was a hungry student on the go, also on a limited budget, Souper Salad was my spot for a quick bite. It isn't the greatest quality, being a salad bar and semi-buffet, but it's cheap and fast...and they have Dr. Pepper. Oh yeah, baby...the close proximity to campus was also a plus. Be sure to bring cash though for a tip, they don't give cash back or have an atm machine.
3	Going to UNLV you can either eat on campus which is gross, or eat at chipotle or seven eleven....Get in your car and drive down the street and your options are a little more open.Souper Salad is right on the corner of Maryland and Flamingo and it is an option for an inexpensive lunch quickly. The quality is not great and there are other options around the same area that are I think more of a value, but great for its purpose.
2	EW! it's a $6 buffet BUT so bland and boring.I got a FREE Buffet for my birthday for signing up with the E-Club so despite past experience I went.Yeah people will disagree and say its good for the money BUT  I don't like my food all dried out and cristy or saltless soup or a bunch of mixed salads I've never even heard of.I ate some FRESH cheese biscuits a bowl of soup and then it was ice cream and strawberry shortcake for me.If your broke its ok otherwise.....
4	The main -- and huge -- advantage of this place is that it's much healthier than other fast food option, or it can be.  It mainly depends on choices you make.  But the healthy options far outweigh the not so healthy ones.  Such a large variety that, for the price, I don't think it can be beat.  My parents go once a month or so, and I'm glad they choose this over various other possibilities. A good place for kids too.The one negative thing is the high salt content in the soups.
4	Had lunch. Best price for the quality of salad bar and soups. I mean, if you know you are paying 7.00 for all you can eat. I didnt see anything that was scary looking as in freshness. They had soup (4), nacho fixin's, breadsticks, and dessert. Great price for what you get...
2	Years before, it used to be good here. The quality has gone down quite a bit. The salads were really good; especially the thai noodle salad, the foccacia bread was excellent, and the blueberry muffins were scrumptious.The most recent visit, there was a fish tacos promo (I think, by now, you know that I love fish tacos, right?)- in the windows, in the circulars, so we went out of curiosity. What a disappointment. Remember that old Wendy's commercial with that old lady asking "Where's the beef?"- yeah we were asking "Where's the fish?" It was like little tiny bits of fish- could've been the remainder of the last batch, I don't know. Yeah, it's cheap, but not worth it. Would rather go to Sweet Tomatoes- even though it's way across town for us- it's like gourmet, and so many yummy options, compared to this one- it's sad, it used to be really good. Honorable mention: the make your own strawberry shortcake dessert.
3	Innovative...its salad that isn't healthy lol...but it's good for my wallet so...I'll be coming again
4	Ok, its a buffet style soup and salad place, so if you were expecting the words "delicious", "amazing", or "gourmet", than I'm sorry, lil' fella, cause this isnt that kinda joint!Ok, maybe amazing... you know whats amazing, two people eating in a public restaurant, in Las Vegas, until they are FULL, for under 30.00  dollars!! Yeah, in Vegas, baby!  Given, the soup tasted like college, you know, pretty much pure sodium, served fresh out of the microwave? But I like that, call me crazy.The salad bar was decent, no complaints from me here, nothing "big-ups" either, though.The server/hostess was nice, and the bathroom was REALLY clean.I give it for stars, for value, surprise factor, and friendliness... Cheers!  dRe'
