5	Customer service at it's best by far best customer service!!! ask for Benedict!
3	Went in on Christmas eve last year with two girl friends of mine. They knew exactly what they wanted so we went straight to the shoe section without wandering around.It was empty. A very tall sales associate walked to us in no time and greeted us warmly. (Something you would normally see everywhere except at Opening Ceremony L.A) He sensed the great interest my friends had in the shoes and started talking:" We were really busy today, a lot of people came in. We probably sold 500 pairs now." I thought about that for 5 seconds and turned to one of my friends and asked her:"Is that true?" She said yes. Well, you shouldn't trust any girls who's about to burn their money, so I did the math myself. Lets see: if they opened for 12 hours, that's about 50 pairs per hour, around one per minute. Ha, I just caught you lying. (my friends spent 40 minutes in there's a bought two pairs.) Later on, he started flattering customers with words like "oh this is made for you."  I didn't know sales people are still saying this..
5	I seldom write reviews for retail stores, but my experience shopping at this Ferragamo was so pleasant and great that I really want to leave the praise they deserve.While this store is not as big as the flagship stores I typically visit in Beverly Hills and NYC, the selection is complete enough that you will still find the staples you need. Want something not in the store? The staff would be glad to order and ship to you - for free of course. I picked up a few ties, and some beautiful red pumps for mom. Those pumps were quite a mission as it turned out, as I ended up having to exchange for a special size that they had to order from a store in Hawaii, and then ship to California for my mom.A special shout out to Andrea and Anne for all their help and dedication!
5	Came to Vegas for vacation and walking around, I felt my Jordan's were a bit uncomfortable so I wanted to buy some suede shoes.Jiaru Song was very helpful, bringing all the different sizes from the back for me and it was an easy purchase.If I'm back in Vegas, I'll probably purchase from here again.
