5	This is the best pizza in Oakland, and my favorite pizza in the entire city for that matter.  Milano's sells really delicious New York-style pizza, by the slice or by the whole pie.  The sauce and the cheese are both really good, and the crust is usually pretty tasty too.  My favorite pizza here is probably the primavera, but all the different pizzas are good.I am originally from upstate New York, in a city with a pretty large Italian population.  This pizza is what I eat when I miss my local pizza place from home.I'm only giving Milano's four stars because of its frequent crowdedness, which makes it difficult to go there and come back in the hour allotted to me for lunch, and because they only have Pepsi and not Coke.  Pepsi is an inferior beverage.  (Actually, I decided to relent and give it five stars anyway.)
4	Hands down the best plain slice you can have in Oakland. The cheese has a nice sharpness and deep flavor. The sauce is perfectly tangy without being sweet, and surprisingly tastes like real tomatoes. The crust is crisp and has a bit of a salty bite to it. These three factors contribute to a thoroughly enjoyable pizza-eating experience.Non-plain slices vary. The Spinach, Tomato, and Ricotta white slices are absolutely wonderful. Their spinach actually has flavor, the tomatoes are fresh, and the creamy ricotta compliments the tangy crust and salty cheese excellently. Their topped slices and pies actually have plenty of toppings, unlike some other pizza joints in Oakland (cough Pizza Sola cough). Mushrooms taste canned, which is not very pleasant.. Pepperoni is average, I prefer Sola's. Other menu items again vary. Hoagies are average, there are better places in Oakland for that.  Calzones are based on the same great crust so they're pretty solid.Good, quick, and friendly service for the most part. My major qualm is that it closes pretty early and that it isn't open on weekends.Overall, easily the best spot in Oakland to grab a plain or spinach slice. Forget the competition, Milano's is king.
4	My friend and I just had one slice of cheese pizza. It's pretty good except cheese was at a little saltier side. And we waited more than 5 min, which was the time frame that the order is going to be ready according the guy who took our order. Second best pizza in Oakland next to Pizza Prima.
1	Racist racist racist. I came on a Wednesday for pizza for the first time and the cook decided that it was okay to to start spewing racial slurs and making references thinking I wouldn't hear him. Gross.
2	Think of average pizza.  Now add a little more cheese and a lot more grease.  Welcome to Milanos.  (Admittedly, the tastes are pretty good, but unless you're in college, prepare for a post-meal stomach ache.  If you ARE in college, maybe knock this rating up to 4 stars.)
4	The Pizza...    Most pizza that you will find in Oakland doesn't really satisfy beyond the fact that you're paying next to nothing for a large meal with leftovers (thank all us college kids for that!). It's hard to think of something better than a $5 pizza, served up most times before you've even pulled out your cash. However, Milano's pizza (under $3 for  cheese or pepperoni slice and $3.95 for primavera--more on this one later) gives you the closest experience you'll have anywhere around Oakland to the taste of New York's pizza. The crust is on the thinner side and thus has a nice crispiness to it. No floppy mess here! The sauce is seasoned well and the cheese actually has a flavorful bite to it. I thought the slice would've been indistinguishable from New York's product if the amount of cheese was toned down a bit. Definitely try a classic slice to get an idea for what Milanos can really do while also tasting one of their specials. Go for the primavera, which has tomatoes, ricotta, mozzarella, and broccoli, if they have it. Maybe sounds like too much piled onto one slice but the juicy tomatoes, hot salty bite of the cheese and slight crunch of the broccoli just works! They're not open all night like some places, just fyi.
1	the worst servece.  i will never go back to this place.rude and arrogant. no word for appology.
4	Pizza was good, hot, and served quickly. Place was a little on the warm side, but otherwise good experience, I'd come again.
1	Is there an option for no stars? I call ahead for my food for my lunch break. They never make it until I walk in the door. Their customer service is horrible and their pizza is horrible. It doesn't even sit under a heat lamp. And this wasn't just a one time only occurrence. This has happened multiple times
5	I couldn't believe this place only had a 3 star average. I go here once a week, and I really think this is among the best pizza places in Pittsburgh. And others clearly feel the same since there's usually a line around the corner on weekdays between 12 and 1! This place is a gem, and the people who work there are as nice as they come.
1	Disappointing.... sauce tasted terrible,  almost too salty. Will not return... there are farrrrr better pizza makers in this city!!
5	Really good pizza, the best in Oakland area. Not sure why other people rated it low, but its delicious. Try it!
5	Jus got done with one of THEE BEST steak hogies I have had east of the Mississippi in a VERY LONG time. Totally fricken SKIRUMPTOUS !! And the Plain Breaded wings were fried to perfection !!! Great Job Patrick !!! Peace - Taz from TN
5	Being originally from the Bronx, I am usually skeptical about pizza outside of NYC. But the pizza here is great! Thin crust, just the right amount of sauce, and awesome, salty cheese. I am so glad to have found this place!
4	The pizza was pretty good. Not the best I've ever had but I wouldn't expect much else from an Oakland pizza place. I would still go back. They did have some student special that I think was $8 for a large one topping pizza.
5	Honestly I was impressed with the pizza from the beginning.  Went there and ordered the daily special 2 slices and a drink for $5.35. Big NY slices and any topping is only $.50 extra..free refills too. Good crunch and sauce ratio. Just tastes good. Ordered a bunch of delivery recently traffic in Oakland can suck sometimes and of course I want my food right away however the one time it did take an hour the driver was so nice I didn't mind. Def was not the average guy who does not care at all.  He said to call the shop if there was any problems but truthfully the pizza (bananna peppers and sausage) was still good.  The hidden gem is the wedding soup they serve during the day. Very delicious. Don't post super often but felt the need to mention this place.
5	I need to update my review because these guys are that awesome! I ordered a pizza online to be delivered, with instructions to call my cell phone because my building doesn't have an intercom. Time goes by, and I don't sweat it because the last time I ordered the poor delivery guy got stuck in traffic caused by the Pitt basketball game and I live close by to that. Little did I know that my pizza was just feet outside, but my PHONE DIED! I had no idea the delivery guy was trying to call me and that he waited out there patiently for more than half an hour! I felt so bad...and when I finally realized he was here, he was so kind and understanding...and so was the guy I talked to at the pizza place over the phone when I called to apologize. These guys are top notch, and good service like this makes me stay as a customer. Thank you!
5	They have great Pizza, hoagies and meals. They have excellent service and great staff. The owner is always there and gets to know the regulars. They are also competitively priced and have less of specials.
