5	Sibling to Fountainbridge (and there are more to come I believe) it is similar in design.All industrial exposed walls, etc and same ordering system in place - go order at counter and pay, get buzzer and when buzzer lights up then go collect food.Same menu including specials which change regularly. Experience is consistent - lovely staff, fab burgers (yep, includes GF) and fab fries also GF then I still love this place, no change there. Staff friendly, nice toilets and West End location is perfect for town. Love it! Best GF burger and fries in town :-)
4	Much like it's sister restaurant in Fountainbridge, Burger in the West End does great burgers and hot dogs.Still the same procedure, order at the counter, go up and collect your food when your buzzer goes. No fuss, no muss. Just good, delicious food at a good price.Milkshakes still amazing as well!
3	This place can be dangerous for me as its right next to my regular bus stop . And I love burgers. Saw that this place was relatively new and decided I needed a snack. Place was completely empty when I went in and decided I would just grab a burger to-go. Place seemed friendly and clean if not a little hipster . Looked at the menu and liked what I saw nothing to fancy. Did like the weekly burger specials they had and I decided to try  a Greek type chicken burger which was actually pretty good. I will need to go back and try a good ol fashioned bacon cheeseburger. Old fashioned burgers are the best I think so I will update my review when I try them again. But other then that I do recommend this burger joint , it's got decent prices and plenty of room for the family!
4	It's like it's sister in Fountainbridge, same ordering system and menu.  It's easy to order and pay at the counter and then you get a buzzer to collect your food and just eat the delicious produce.  Like Caz, I do like the milkshakes particulary the vanilla with choc chips!We visited this on UYE for the Yelp christmas dinner and I think we all enjoyed it.  I just felt the place was a bit empty for that time in the evening but it was a Tuesday.  The croquettes were yummy as was the biblical burger.  I thouroughly enjoyed the christmas pudding ice cream as the egg nog alcoholic milkshake!Ok like Claire C says, it is plastic cutlery and a metel tray but it's veg ware so everything is biodegradable, ok they could invest in silverware but I think then they would lose "something".  But it feels cold, I noticed there was a plug-in heater to help warm things up a bit.  The toilets were freezing though.  I would come back as I do like the food, just hope it warms up a little bit otherwise we be walking out like snowy penguins!
