4	Where else can you view "fine" (read expensive) art while eating a funnel cake strolling through gardens amidst the "live art" parade of Scottsdale Plastic People.  Not to knock Scottsdale.  I live here, and I love Old Town in particular.I had not been to the festival in a couple years, and it seems to have gotten bigger.  Many medias are represented, and you can actually find some quite affordable pieces.  Of course "affordable" is relative.  Perhaps you can afford a $7000 bowl.  Our favorite painter from last time, Richard Hall, did not show this year unfortunately.  However, we did purchase a few pieces from an artist, Larry Fielder, who creates wood vases and wall pieces.There was also an on-line auction this year.  Many of the artists showing donated a piece to benefit the Scottsdale Center for the Arts programs.  I was going to do my eBay style sniping, but forgot!Only knocking a star off for the food vendors.  I would like to see more and better options for this type of event.  The crepes were nice, and gelato found its way to me.  But the wild Alaskan salmon burger was terrible, not cooked to order, cold in fact.  The only other options I recall were BBQ (had it last time-just okay), philly cheesesteak, and gyros.  And the funnel cake, of course, which I did resist.
5	We attended this event today and loved it! The grounds are beautiful and spread out so it didn't seem like it was overly crowded. This is a well thought out event with food trucks located throughout so if you get hungry, there will be food near by.The admission price was $7 and we felt it was a bargain. There are a variety of artists so there is something for everyone to look at and/or buy.
5	There's a reason Scottsdale (in particular, Old Town Scottsdale) is a mecca for fine art and it could have something to do with a festival like this one. Typically when I hear "arts festival," I think of a few random artists in a park. However, this is something so much more. If you've been to the Culinary Festival, think of it like that but replace food with the art. Every inch of the Civic Center plaza (from AZ 88 to the end of the park near the library) was filled from head to toe with artist stations. Art ranged from modern sculptures and paintings that look like images, to some funky pop culture and artsy jewelery. There is something for every art lover at this festival and if you are any sort of a collector, you must add this festival to your list. I'm not even a huge art lover and I found extreme appreciation and respect for the artwork here. The artists are well-known world wide and you get to meet them first hand and ask them about their art. So of course there's art at an art festival, but what else is there? A lot! They had several food trucks like Sweet Republic and Epic. They also had food vendors such as a delicious kettle corn vendor. In addition, they served beverages all throughout the festival. A festival isn't complete without music and they had not one but two bands playing at different locations of the festival. Both bands were lively and perfect for the atmosphere. I noticed several activities going on, including arts and crafts for kids and journal writing workshops for kids and adults. They also had a silent art auction going on inside Scottsdale Center for Performing Arts. I enjoyed this festival mainly because it was organized and a quiet chaos. They did an excellent job organizing this event so that there was plenty to see, do and eat but it was spread out enough so that people weren't falling over each other. Tickets were only $7 for admission and it was free if you were a member of SMOCA.
3	This is an opportunity to look at some fine art, enjoy the weather, and get a bite to eat from one of the local food trucks. Located in the Scottsdale Civic Center Mall, it's a beautiful location for a nice event.However, there are two reasons I only give this three stars. 1.The admission fee of $8. I've been to plenty of art events and street fairs over the years in many different states and countries, and this is the only one I can remember that charges admission just to browse. 2. They restrict the food trucks to selling bottled water and you can only buy other drinks at the official beverage tents. Now I don't care if they want to limit alcohol sales to their own tents, but forcing me to pay $2 for a 16 oz bottle of Pepsi (not even a full 20 oz bottle) is ridiculous.Plain and simple, this is an event designed for tourists, but if you've got a few extra dollars in your pocket and want something to do, it's OK.
4	Similar to feativals in other parts of the country but better weather. Purchasing directly from artist or artisan gives more meaning. Some artists look like their work.
