4	Competitive gas prices... Always clean inside. IMO, it's due to the fact that they always have 3 people on staff, and one of them is always cleaning something.I know they're trained to always say 'Hello' when I walk in... but I like that. Besides, now that I'm a regular, they say my name.Great selection. The fountain bar is tops...Try this if you want the best chocolate milk ever: Get your cup (any size). Fill it 1/3 with the Frozen Vanilla stuff over by the coffee. Fill the rest with Hot Chocolate. Better than any caffeine induced coma ever, with just as much of a crash after. ;)Sorry QT -- I couldn't give you 5 stars cuz you didn't listen to the email I sent in about the price of your 44oz.It used to cost me only $.97 (with tax) for my 44 oz. Now it's 1.07!? Now I have to walk out with all that change in my pocket. I told you I was good with dropping off the dollar (not having to wait in line btw) and letting you keep the extra pennies. That's was me trying to establish some good karma, and you pee'd all over that by raising your prices. Bring it back down and I'll give you that 5th star.
5	Very, very fast service.Very clean restrooms.Excellent beverage prices.Delicious grab and go sandwiches, good prices.Good prices on gasoline.
5	I love having QT so close to my home. I give them an automatic 5 star rating, only because I am hopelessly addicted to their Iced Tea. I only wish they had bigger cups to put it in.. 52 oz? NOT ENOUGH! :) I wish I could run a hose from their Iced Tea container, through the irrigation ditches in my neighborhood, straight to my home. :D
4	Great QT, but more than once I've had issues with the gas pumps not working! Also, one that didn't work after I scanned my card. Went inside and they said it was all set up. Still didn't work. Next pump I tried took it, but gave me quite a fight and just wanted to bang my head on the car door. Free air is good though...Good choice of stuff inside, fast staff like at every QT.
5	The best make it myself coffee and all the selections!
4	This is my "go to" QT for gas stations.  I've been coming here as long as I've lived in the area, and I really like it a lot.The service here is quick and friendly, store is clean, well stocked and has an array of coffee, booze, smokes, and other stuff that any QT would carry.  Gas prices are fair, but sometimes their a few cents more then the rest.  They also have awesome prices on their big pops from the fountain!  hoot!The only downside to this one, is you have a lot of riff raff that hangs out front from time to time.  There's a few homeless people, and some others that sometimes hang out front that can be a bit, well, annoying.  As long as you don't make eye contact, your good!
4	14 gas pumps. I like that! :)Inside, it's your average convenience store.
5	Best darn gas station if you ask me! Even in the ghetto I'll stop by & visit the plethora of commendations this place has to offer
5	Great store, friendly staff, fast, clean, great selection of goodies, my favorite gas station hands down, I visit almost daily. The selection of fountain teas is great. They have fresh donuts and pastries, ice cream and smoothies, hot food like hot dogs, tacitos etc...very organized, and easy to find things, nice area to sit out side if you wish, over al great store.
