5	I can't tell you how many calls we get soliciting windshield replacement, with all kinds of enticements -- gift cards, dinners, trips, etc. Last time we needed replacement we chose one of the big-name companies -- and they did a TERRIBLE job. Whenever I drove on the freeway the air coming around my windshield whistled because of the gaps in the adhesive.This time we took the advice of our wonderful mechanic and went local -- with Mountainside.  Jesse (the owner) arrived promptly and was very friendly. He replaced both our windshields -- taking time to show me why I'd had the whistle and dust problem since the last job. and making sure to remove the moulding before installing the windshield, while our last tech had just squirted some adhesive under the moulding and shoved the windshield underneath.  Jesse even VACUUMMED both vehicles and cleaned up all signs that he'd been there.Mountainside is a local (Chandler) family-owned company. Jesse and his wife run all aspects of the business themselves, and they have excellent, friendly customer service to boot.  They worked with our insurance company regarding our coverage, so the whole experience was absolutely no-hassle for us.  Stay away from the big guys, buy local! I'd recommend them most highly for windshield replacement.
5	If there were twenty stars, I would have given it to Mountainside Glass. Jesse arrived exactly on time. He was very polite and professional. Mountainside is a locally owned family business that strives on great customer service and great workmanship. Mountainside worked with my insurance and I can't remember when something was easier. The hardest part was waiting the two hours, so the windshield sets, to drive the car. I highly recommend Mountsinside and I promise, you won't be disappointed.
5	Mountainside Auto Glass is truly a "class act", and a pleasure to do business with.  Just this am, my sons car was vandalized, the windshield was totally smashed.  He called his insurance company and they gave him a glass replacement co. to call.  He was told they work a half day on Sat and that it wouldn't be until Monday afternoon before they could get to him, also that because it was a newer car might have a problem getting a windshield.  This is totally unacceptable to me, so I called Mountainside, since I have had them come out in the past to see if they could help.  While I waited on the phone Debra found the windshield, Jesse was on his way to pick it up, he's been here and gone.  Please spread the word, the nicest people I've ever had the pleasure to know.
5	I found Mountainside glass through Yelp to replace a windshield on my vehicle.   I sent mountainside an email in morning (4AM-ish) and was called the same morning around 8am.  I coordinated with my insurance and within a few hours my windshield was picked up and installed by Jesse.  I initially had an appointment with safelite and the soonest they could accomodate me was a few days out.  This is the second time my windshield was replaced. The first was by another local company (also very highly rated here on Yelp) and there was an issue where there was increased wind noise coming from the windshield while on the highway.  I found Jesse to be professional and meticulous.  The new windshield is excellent and the wind noise is now gone.  An added bonus is he cleaned all windows and vacuumed out my SUV as well.  I would use Mountainside Glass again and recommend.Jesse did inform me that he fixed the wind noise by taking off the strip at the top of the windshield, cleaning it off, and applying new adhesive.  The glue tends to deteriorate due to the hot AZ climate.  The previous company did not do that and there was a problem as a result.
5	I couldn't be more pleased with the service I received. I had a windshield replaced with same day service. I have had no problem with the installation and the windshield looks great. Jesse vacuumed up after he was done and the car looked better than it did when he started. They dealt with the insurance for me with minimal effort on my part. I would definitely use them again!
5	I work for a well known dealership, here in the Valley. Needless to say, I have a lot of contact with various automotive related vendors. Jesse really stands out as being exceptional!I called Jesse, and left a message at around 7am. Within minutes, Jesse called me back, on a Saturday nonetheless!! ! I explained that my vehicle was inoperable due to the windshield's condition. Jesse actually rearranged his schedule to accommodate us. I cannot fully express my gratitude to Jesse. He was prompt, courteous, and truly someone I will recommend to anyone.Why use the big guys, when its glaringly obvious that "the little guy" is the man for the job?!
5	I was actually going to go with another glass company that I saw a sign on the road to replace my dad's car's windshield, which really was bad.  But, that guy didn't call me immediately back and it was almost a whole day that had went by.  By the time he called me, my car was in the shop and when I got it back, by that time, I had looked that company on Yelp and they had way more bad reviews (1 stars) than anything, so my husband ruled against that company.Called State Farm to see what companies they like and they gave me 4.  Mountainside was the 4th company they gave me.  I looked each company up on Yelp and Mountainside was the only one that had all 5 star detailed reviews.  So, I gave them a call.  Got Jesse.  Scheduled for Jesse to come out late in the day.Jesse was on time, very professional.  He prepped my dad's car to replace the windshield.  Took out the old glass, cleaned things up, put in the new windshield, which was much better than the one he replaced.  He cleaned everything up really well, and went beyond that in clean up in vacuuming out my dad's car.Everything looked and was perfect.  Jesse was very friendly and professional.Also, I had Jesse take a look at a chip in another car of our's and he fixed that chip beautifully.  My husband had had a rock hit it on the freeway the week before and Jesse did such an incredible job, that he made the chip totally disappear.  We were going to be going on vacation in the mountains with higher and below freezing temps, so we didn't want to chance a crack in the windshield.Jesse also vacuumed out this car, too and did a great job cleaning up everything.  Jesse left things a lot nicer than when he found it and I was thoroughly impressed at how much care and efficiency he took in doing his work and doing the job right.  I'm so glad I read these reviews on Yelp and chose him.  He did an excellent job.His wife, later that evening, sent me the invoice via email, which is what I asked for.  Very glad.  Would greatly recommend them and so glad we didn't go with the sales gimmicky thing the other company with bad reviews offered.It's been a little over 2 weeks since he did the work on these two cars and things are great.  Thanks, Jesse!!
