4	Scores is growing rotisserie chain that I've been visiting over the course of the last few years. The menu has changed over the years with a lot of new options provided. My favorite is the chicken and bacon focaccia and in the past it was served on a very fresh, huge ciabatta bread and now it has changed to a more.... economical style bread in both quality and size but still retains its grandness but what can one expect in Laval, land of the chain restaurants? Their chicken is solid, so is their chicken tenders. I think I ordered their chicken burger once as well and it was solid. All in all, good grub, for a chain.However, their side orders beyond the average fries and excellent onion rings are pretty terrible. The rice lacks flavor, the vegetables (if you call them that) are stale, taste like processed food and probably are less healthy than the fries.They have a salad bar for a few bucks more but I never bothered. Why eat salad at a Rotisserie? :PThe Pouding chomeur 'a la mode' is out of this world and a personal favorite as well.Service is generally solid and you get taken care of. Refills are never a problem. The price tag is reasonable with a lot of options available during their lunches that don't hit your wallet too much.All in all, a nice place to eat at, if you select things you know are good.
2	We happened to be in carland at supper time and elected to grab a quick supper out rather than coming home to an empty fridge. The good:  Service was fast and friendly. The people are definitely the high point of this chain resto. The mediocre: If you come here, be safe and stick with the rotisserie chicken with fries and salad bar. (For any other choice, the salad bar is $3.75 extra.) Fries were good and chicken was acceptable but not great. The salad bar was clean. Unexciting options even compared to supermarket bagged salad, but fine.The ugly: The hot chicken sandwich was disgusting. The gravy (obviously from a mix) was chemically-tasting and the bread was, well, mushy sawdust is the closest analogy. We should have gone to St-Hubert across the street, or even Wendy's on the next block.
