5	yum!  my parents and i enjoyed some delicious homemade italian fare at pasta casareccia's.  half is a lunch eatery that has a 50's meets 80's kitch interior and half displays all the goodies that you can take home with you.  the specials are listed on a chalkboard near a shiny red vespa that is up for a drawing - all you put is your name and number on the back of your bill to enter.the spaghetti with meat sauce (i asked for a little bit spicy) was fantastic!  there is nothing like fresh pasta.  the meat ravioli au gratin was also very good.  we finished the meal with the homemade tiramisu which was light, fluffy and creamy with our coffees.afterwards, we couldn't pass up the chance to buy and take home some meat lasagna and more spaghetti with spicy meat sauce.  after 2 lunches in a row of pasta from this joint - i'm still humming italian tunes.  the lasagna by the way is the best i have ever tasted!
4	I am more a fan of the counter than I am of the restaurant. Within the counter of foods you will find fresh homemade pasta, some homemade sausages, lasagna and other very convenient foods. The antipasti I avoid, if only because none of that is homemade, it comes from jars, and I can empty a jar of olives and easily as the girl behind the counter. The canoli tubes are imported directly from Italy and they make a homemade filling that is just delicious.I also like the meats selection and the cheeses they keep in the fridge, including Buffalo di Mozzarella, Parmesan cheese, and, occasionally they have Burrata. Hmmm.Though the sauces are homemade, the only one that really interests me is the Bolognese. The Alfredo is too watery for my liking and I have seen them water it down by adding milk. Alfredo is just too easy to make at home, I don't need prepared Alfredo!The grocery portion of the store is pretty good, but always check the dates on them, they often put the expired items on sale, and though it's not dangerous (expired EVOO? big deal) there are some things I prefer to buy before they expire (anchovies). However, I am obsessive when it comes to expiry dates, and as such, I see this happening everywhere.Overall, there are some good selections here that you cannot find anywhere else!
4	It's Zeppoli time! It's Zeppoli time and Pasta Casareccia has started receiving their first deliveries of these tasty little buggers. Yea, they aren't made there, Pasta Casareccia is not a bakery, so I'm not surprised. They do, however, receive Zeppoli fresh, and they get snatched up within hours (I know - I snatch 'em). This morning, I popped by and grabbed up a bunch of Zeppoli and spied my favourite burrata on the back shelf. Guess who's having burrata with dinner tonight?Pasta Casareccia continues to be my goto spot for imported Italian goods.
4	I had a fettuccine in a creamy white wine sauce with mushrooms, peas and BACON. Sinfully rich and filling, this dish should come with either a warning or a pillow, because it was lights out after this plate. Needless to say I went home and didn't get any work done for the rest of the afternoon as I was too busy focused on not getting any pillow creases on my face. Bacon is good for you. Eat more of it.
5	Best take out lasagna in Montreal -  a huge family favorite
4	My Hubby & I  tried this resto for the first time and we enjoyed it. Both our meals were very tasty and the wine was great... I might have had a tad too much. I find the restaurant part a little small and because it was so small, it was loud. I was a little surprised to see how many children were there. There really isn't much privacy. You can hear what your neighbors are talking about. Our waiter was fantastic. WOW, what a nice man he was. We really enjoyed being served by him, he got a $15.00 tip! Despite it being busy the night we went, he still refilled our bread once and filled our wine. I was not interested in anything that was at the take-out counter so we didn't spend any time there. We'd go back for sure! Thanks for reading.
3	Location: NDG, on Sherbrooke West and Draper. Street parking is available on Sherbrooke or on the side streets. The space: Half of it is dedicated to their boutique, which sells assorted Italian (and non-Italian) goods, the most important being Nutella of course - straight from Italy. Trust me, it's not the same as the crap we get here. They also have a counter filled with ready-to-go items. The other half of their space is dedicated to the restaurant where there are just a few tables (maybe 10), however they do offer up two terrasses - one on Sherbrooke and one on Draper. Perfect for a summer day.The food: The menu is fairly varied - you select your pasta and sauce, then you eat your heart out. Now, I should point out that one portion of the menu offers up store bought pasta like ravioli, while the other boasts homemade pasta. The price difference between the two is very minor so ordering the fresh stuff doesn't break the bank. On my end, I had no room for appetizers so I went straight for the Primi - homemade Fettuccine with a Bolognese sauce. I found the pasta to be cooked al dente, exactly the way I like it. I enjoyed the texture and the taste and the only down side was that the pasta was a little sticky. I enjoyed the sauce very much - it wasn't acidic at all (i.e. not too tomatoey), it was meaty enough and it tasted great. Maybe lacking a tiny bit of flavor, but nothing to dissuade me from ordering it again. My date ordered the ravioli with Arrabiata sauce and she enjoyed her meal as well. Service: It was OK. Not fantastic, but OK. The wait staff seemed a little indifferent and rushed even though the place wasn't full. That said, they were accommodating when we asked to switch to a table outside. If you're looking for a decent Italian meal at affordable prices, check this place out.
2	Went here for another visit on Father's Day and I realized how over-priced this restaurant is. It is waaaaaaay too expensive for what you get. We sat outside and we did not get proper service. Granted, we didn't have the same waiter as we did on our first visit - He was great. This other guy sucked. We were forgotten about after he took our main order. I wanted more water and he never came around so we asked another waiter. We decided not to go back unfortunately.
