5	I needed help converting my propane grill to run on natural gas. I called Barbecue Doctor and the lady I talked to was really helpful. She explained to me exactly what the costs would be to get this done. I booked my appointment for the following week. Greg arrived at my house right on time and was very friendly and knowledgeable. Once he was done, he made sure I was happy with the work. Greg did a great job, and I'll definitely be calling Barbecue Doctor again for any of my BBQ grill needs :-).
5	Simply awesome.  :)I'm pretty girl handy, and I like to fix what I can, and I tend to become suspicious of hiring contractors for jobs I don't know well.  I always feel like they can (and will) take advantage of my ignorance, and girlness.But, the regulator was shot on my 6-year old gas grill, and according to Char-Broil, it only came as a combo part.  Replacing the entire piece was a huge disassembly job, so I purchased the replacement part, and called Barbecue Doctor, knowing this was not a DIY I wanted to tackle (nor could, I tried - lol).They arrived early (with a phone call in advance, not just a drop-in), and rather than replace the entire unit as I thought was necessary, they, being the professionals, were able to replace just the regulator.  This allows me to save the additional pieces for the future, which was super.  It also means that they didn't jack me for hours by replacing parts I didn't need and extending the job needlessly.After the regulator was replaced, they tested it, did a mini-burner clean, and OTD in 30 minutes.  I couldn't have been happier with the professionalism, knowledge and service.
5	They arrived as scheduled.  My BBQ had not been cleaned in three years.  I use it 4-5 days aweek.  My point is, the BBQ was extremely dirty with caked on grease on the burners and porcelin grills (3).  The automated lighting did not work on any of the burners.The end result was that the Grill was like new!  Everything worked.  I would definitly hire them again.
5	I  agree with the other reviewers. This company stands behind its work. I have an old Ducane free standing grill that I'm fond of. They located hard to locate parts. Returned twice when parts weren't quite right. Persistent. They got it right. Highly recommend.
