3	I haven't eaten here before, so I may be back and sample the grub. I wandered in here on a Thursday night because I found out on-line that Gallagher's had wireless trivia you could play against other participating bars all over the nation. I got a little hooked on the NTN/Buzztime trivia recently during a trip to Austin, TX, and now I wanted to find a place in my backyard in which to play.There are a ton of flat screens throughout the bar. I spied the trivia countdown being broadcast on one mounted beyond a comfortable viewing distance from my barstool. The bartender was very accommodating. He set me up with a wireless box and beamed the trivia broadcast to a screen right next to the bar. After I logged on, I was good to go.This place was kind of underpopulated and underwhelming. Maybe a dozen bar patrons total and about five folks alternating turns at the karaoke microphone. But I was able to hunker down with my pint of Kiltlifter ($5 each... kinda pricey) and geek out on trivia. Placed 12th in the nation during one round but was the only player on-line here. Kind of a bummer, since it can be fun to talk trash to the other trivia hounds if you're lucky enough to be in a bar packed with nerds.
4	This is a great local hangout.  The food is always fresh, and the staff make it our favorite local spot.There are tons of flat screen tvs, and pool tables in the back.  They remodeled it last year, and made it very nice.They run lots of specials, and it is a very friendly place.  And karaoke night is always good for some laughs!
1	Went on a Sunday night around 8:30 for 2 beers and it was next to dead.  I can see why.  Bartender, an "attractive" young female, was at best ambivalent.  Tried to make conversation, but she wasn't interested in talking, at lesat to this first-timer.  She spent a good part of the time either eating or texting.  When I got bill, it referred to me  (customer) as "Dude."  I may be one, but not in your establishment; it wouldn't have done me good to confront her about this failure in  professionalism.  First-timer and last-timer, at least at this branch.
5	This location has benefited by the addition of a new manager named Rob. Since he started here, the level of service has risen to match the food which is excellent. Everything I have tried off the menu is at least 4 stars. Drink specials every day. Come in this weekend and see. Ask for Marci at the bar
3	Went here for lunch today with my dad- for pub food, it was pretty grand. He had the fish & chips & french fries.. yum! The fish was golden brown and the fries were perfect. They have $1 shrimp tacos on tuesday, so I had three shrimp tacos, as the waitress said they were excellent. Really, they were just three small shrimp in tortillas with cheese, but cabbage and tomatoes came on the side to juice it up. They also were served with a green jalepeno type sauce- AMAZING :) I'd go back just for the green sauce! I got a side of corn on the cob- disappointment! It tasted like the frozen cobs my mom used to boil as a child... They have a great selection of burgers, with emphasis on jalepeno jack cheese & other spicy treats :) They even have veggie & turkey burgers which I appreciate. After lunch we played pool- small tables, but a nice little game area. $1 pool games after a decent lunch works for me! Props for their menu variety, nice staff, and a clean relaxed locationnn
5	I love Gallagher's!  The staff is so friendly... the manager (Rob) always goes above and beyond to make sure we are having a great time! Its an awesome neighborhood bar! My friends and I look forward to trivia every Thursday... its our favorite night of the week!
3	Always pretty solid. Chicken was a little chewy this time. Watched mon night football.  Had the chicken fajita salad and was more than happy.
3	Went to Gallaghers on a Thursday night for a blind date, I can't really say much about the place because the date and I just wound up talking nonstop and only ordered drinks, it was a great 1st date, but not really great for our waitress who was waiting for us to order, have to say on Thursday nights there is a trivia  night, which brought out a good crowd, but with the questions being asked my date and I felt like we missed the study class and jumped right into the test, wow we only got one answer right , and that made us both laugh too.So went back on Friday night for a follow up date from the 1st, smaller crowd, but great service, we actually ordered this time.  It's a fun little sports bar and I would be back.
4	This is one of my favorite sports pubs. Our team generally goes here straight after practice or after the game almost every week. We have been there at all times possible almost, and the service has been good. The best part about this place is that the happy hour is on everyday and great prices. A lot of appetizers are dirt cheap during hh. My 3 most favorite or common foods here are 1. boneless wings (toss them in so many different flavors - try the honey hot by itself, or mix it with mustard or the habanero hot if u have balls for spiciness :)) 2. Chicken fajitas, they are so good and plentiful. i always substitute chicken with veggies3. Habanero burger: - its one of the best combinations of a burger i have seen. I of course sub the beef out, but others have told me the reg beef patty is good too. I love the side of cottage cheese too. The restrooms are decent and they have pool tables. They have a lot of TVs with lotsa games playing all the time. They also have a jukebox. I have never been here after like midnight, so cant imagine how the scene is there then. looking to reading about that though.
5	Gallagher's is one of my favorite bars in the area.  I love places I can go get a few drinks, talk to (and hear!) my friends, and maybe play some pool or darts.  Gallagher's is nice and low-key, has friendly staff, and really good food.  Their chicken wings are great, and this is one of the few restaurants I've been to that offers pulled chicken, not just pulled pork!  Prices are totally reasonable, too.
1	My wife and I went on 08/30/2012 about 5:00pm food not good at all but the beer was very cold if you go just get beer The staff not bad
1	I've been to this location maybe 20-30 times over the past couple years, and it's always been a dependable place to go. Decent food, decent beer, friendly service, lots of TVs, specials, etc. That was until last night, which was one of the worst experiences I've ever had at any restaurant or bar. I rarely feel the need to take the time out of my day to complain, but this event is deserving. First, lets talk about service. There was a new waitress, and she seemed about as qualified to be a waitress as I am qualified to be a brain surgeon (and trust me, nobody wants me operating on them). She didn't know any of the specials, she got my friend's order wrong (a wrap instead of a sandwich), and she rarely checked in on the table. We sat with empty glasses for most of the night. I honestly don't know how someone like her gets hired. Then, when it came time to pay, we asked for the check to be split. I wish I was exaggerating when I say that it was 25 minutes later when the GM finally came over to claim that their "screen was freezing" and they weren't able to split the checks. And this 25 minutes came after another 20 while we were waiting for someone to come back near our table so that we could even ask for the check in the first place. Now, if those issues weren't already enough, before we ordered, a cockroach started climbing up my friend's leg. We were able to kill it, and notified the waitress who told the GM. He shrugged it off and was actually laughing when he came over to pick the dead roach; he gave no immediate apology or explanation. When my friend's food came out as a wrap instead of a sandwich, already being grossed out by the roach incident, he decided just to send the food back. It wasn't until this happened that the manager finally came over to half-heartedly apologize for the roach, saying that "they come out when the weather is hot." I'm sorry, if his explanation is true, then I should pretty much see roaches at every business and restaurant I go to in the Phoenix area. He offered to buy us a round of drinks, but we declined the offer. After the check splitting problem, the GM told us that he was the new GM (as of 4 days ago) and that we could mention his name the next time we came to get a free appetizer. I can't speak for my friends, but I know that I won't be going back to this establishment. Especially after reading the health inspection reports from the county, I am now not surprised that we encountered the cockroach. The last two inspections have instances of food with no expiration dates or food still in the walk-in that was expired. There were hand-washing violations, and some raw food was too close to other foods. This makes me wonder what dirty, contaminated, or expired food I've eaten at Gallaghers over the last few years. All of this is unfortunate, but the quality of this restaurant has clearly degraded over the past few years. It's pretty clear that this restaurant now does not care about the cleanliness of their establishment or the safety of their customers. Maybe the new GM will turn things around, but given his reactions last night, I highly doubt it.
3	Pretty good little sports bar. Staff is friendly. Had hot honey wings. They were ok, not fantastic, but not bad. I'd get them again. Friend had sliders and onion strings and he loved them. Overall a good place for a beer and catch the game.
2	I've been going to this Gallaghers for many years, it was usually a pretty good place to go and get a decent bite to eat, but my last 2 visits have indicated that I need to find a new neighborhood bar.Last night I stopped in for a beer and some dinner. I sat at the bar, as usual, but this time, the bartender,  Amber, was totally engrossed in something other that waiting on her customers. When she finally acknowledged me, I ordered a beer and asked for a menu. She brought my beer and menu, and it seemed like an eternety before she came back. There were only about 8 people at the bar.I ordered a grilled chicken sandwich with tomato and avocado on a sesame seed bun with sweet potato fries.When my sandwich arrived, there was no tomato or avocado and I sent it back.What I got was a really good grilled chicken breast, great avocado, two tiny tomato slices and the worst bun you can imagine. It was dry, dense and kind of cold in the middle. It seemed stale. I ate the chicken without the bun.When I asked for my tab, I received a bill for over $24, I flagged down Amber, and asked her why my bill was so high. She took it back and gave me a different bill but I never got an itemized tab with my actual order on it, only the credit card receipt.I don't think I'm going to come back here for a while.
2	I got a buffalo chicken wrap, fiance got nachos and a salad, and friend got chicken soft tacos, which amounted to just chicken and globs of cheese.  I haven't written many reviews, but I'm going to start now.  I wouldn't go back unless it was absolutely necessary.I will say our waitress was pretty nice and attentive.
1	Slow service, items on their reverse happy hour menu online are outdated and they no longer honor them, and can't review food because it took too long for our order to come out so we left. We will not be going back.
3	Can't say this was the greatest place to eat. The waiters was also the bartender and also the person for everyone to have a conversation with in the back. Waited and waited for food ordering and drink ordering. Food came out cold and dry. I ordered the parmesan wings and got dried out something?
1	Decided to give Gallagher's another try yesterday. It had been 5 months since the last time I was there. When I arrived there were 5 people sitting at the bar and one bartender. It was pretty dead at lunch time on a Saturday. She saw me come in and acknowledged me, I asked for iced tea and  a menu. She brought my tea, but no sweetner, so I grabbed a couple of packets of a table behind me. It was at least 10 minutes before she came back to take my order and there were no other people at the bar.She never told me her name.I ordered the Baja Burger with a chicken breast and she asked me how I wanted it cooked. HmmmMy food came, the sweet potato fries were good. The bun was dense and dry and I took it off and only ate the chicken and avocado with a fork and knife. When she came back I told her that I didn't like the bun. She seemed uninterested. I asked for my bill. She brought it, right away, but didn't pay any attention when I wanted to pay and leave. About 6 people came in and she waited on them, and I kept trying to get her to cash me out so I could leave. I'm done with this Gallagher's. They just keep getting worse.This Gallagher's location is now closed.
