3	My wife asked me to go to Pep Boys today and pick up some mini fuses.When I got there a kind of sketchy-looking lady in the parking lot asked if she could ask me a question. I said sure. She asked if I was going to buy anything and I said I was. She then told me that she had an $85 gift card but didn't need anything. She asked if she could buy my item with her gift card and then have me give her the cash. I agreed.She thanked me for helping her and not looking at her weird for asking.We then went inside and I told one of the workers what I needed. He led me over to the $5 pack of fuses I needed.The lady looked disappointed and asked if that was all I was getting, and I told her it was. I apologized that I wasn't getting more than that.Anyway, we checked out and the total came to $5.37. She paid with her gift card. I took out $5 and reached into my pocket to get the change. She told me not to worry about the change.It was kind of an odd trip to Pep Boys, but I guess it worked out well for both of us.
1	DO NOT TRUST THIS PEPBOYS!Went in because my car overheated and shut down mid-trip home one afternoon. Was told INSTANTLY (by the guy behind the desk, who didn't even let me finish the story of what happened to my car) that it was a blown head gasket and would cost be $2,000 to fix. I asked for a $40 diagnostic test anyway. 2 hours later from the same guy, a call comes stating that YES it was the $2000 problem and I needed to come in and schedule it. I told them no thank you, that I had a family member who owned an automotive shop who would do the repairs for me. (the only reason I took my car there was because I wanted to save money on having it towed out of town to my family member's shop, especially if it was a $100 fix).... Instead, my car gets fixed for a cracked thermostat casing (MAYBE a $200 charge with labor) and when we called Pepboys to asked him WHY his block test showed my car had a blown head gasket... when it DIDNT the guy was rude and stated he stood by his mechanic's diagnosis... WHEN HE WAS THE ONE who diagnosed my car for the most expensive problem he could think of OVER THE COUNTER without looking under the hood. I have had several friends who have had similar problems, one who brought in his car for an oil change and left with brake pads loose. TERRIBLE service and Shady employees.
5	After my last experience at Pep Boys, where the jerks made me wait forever before I got fed up and left, I was hesitant to come back in. But, man, I can't live with busted car. So, off I went into Pep Boys to see what they can do for me.The service here is, without a doubt, the best ever. Seriously. I could not imagine better customer service short of them giving me free stuff. It was great. I walked in, approached a guy working there, and asked him if they could test my battery for me. Sure,  he said, just park up by the first bay. By the time I walked back out and pulled my truck in, they were waiting for me. They tested my vehicle, ensured my battery was dead, and quickly set me up with a new one. Total time spent from when I walked in to when I got back outside: 15 minutes. Seriously, it was the best. I spent the 15 minutes there walking around and looking at cool things for my truck, and I was approached by a few people asking me if I needed anything. No, but thank you for asking. All in all, I walked away super happy from there. I couldn't have asked for better service, and I will no longer go to any other Pep Boys but this one.
2	I stopped in today, the service was friendly. They had not put up their current Ad tags, nor had they placed out current Ads. I was very Frustrated with the lack of correct pricing throughout the store. They should have had their pricing up prior to the store even opening. This store is generally pretty dirty, but I can usually find a good oil change package deal... Not today
5	Over the last 5 to 8 months, I have visited this location to purchase different parts for my cars.  Each time I visit, the employees have been very helpful and infomative.  I also find that their prices are fair with a large variety to choose from.Yesterday I took my car into to have it worked on and I found that their service department was equally as nice.  Thank you for the great customer service.
1	$20 evaluation.  A few months back I came in to get my tires balanced.  Guy behind the desk convinces me that for $20 they will give my car a complete examination and tell me every thing I need done.  This is just a device for them to sell you a jacked up package of crap.  They wanted to sell me new tires and all sorts of under carriage repairs.  I think it was over $2000 of recommended repairs.  This is a scam operation.  Stay away.
5	Great service, open late till 9pm. Good warranties.
1	The worst!!I had an appointment for an oil change. Arrived an hour early because I was in the neighborhood. I was told the wait would be 90 minutes. When I asked if I should just come back in an hour, the clerk told me that I'd still have to wait. Alright, no biggie, I had a book and time to kill for a bit so I waited. Two hours later, I walk out back and see that my car has yet to be serviced. Upon asking the new desk clerk, it is discovered that my ticket got "skipped"!!!! Are you kidding me?? The mechanic grabs the ticket and I'm told he will begin it "right now". Approximately 45 minutes later, I tell them that I'm  sick of waiting and that they can just give me my keys and I'll go somewhere else. "Oh its done, let me just get your ticket printed and ring you up". ?Do I have to ask you to both "start" and "finish" my transaction?? If I would have asked 30 minutes prior to that, would she have realized it was done and sent me on my way. On top of that, there is only one restroom for women, and one for men. I discover the ladies stall is broken and toliet does not flush. Well, their are ladies working here, so in my min, maybe there is another restroom for us to use. Im then told that I can go across the street to Denny's and use there's...or the mens room. WHAT!!!!! I'm a paying customer that has been waiting for 2 hours, and you send me across the street? Not even an apology for the inconvenience? Nothing from these dunces. Not once.No apology for forgetting my ticket. No apology for not having adequate restroom facilities for people waiting for hours on paid services. No apology for rude service men who act as though you are asking too much to take a pee in a clean, bug free, working facility. I will NEVER go back! Usually I reserve myself from complain about bad service or places I don't like, but this place takes the cake. It is now a personal strike I'm forging against Pep Boys.
1	The Worst Ever!!!  No star rating bc they dont deserve any stars... My car broke down while i was on vacation in Vegas and only auto repair open was Pep Boys went to go get a diagnostic as they call it & they almost made me have a heart attack! Their diagnose was that my engine was blown & either I needed to replace engine or just junk it! I was devastated of course... and I'm like it's just leaking water & it overheated!!! Their quote to fix it was $8K for a new engine, block, gaskets and blah blah. They said, you can't drive back to LA you will never make it. I left almost in tears & of course I was in panic mode. BUT my family in Vegas got a friend mechanic to check my car and after being under the hood for 5houors (not 10 minutes like Pep Boys)  guess what??!!! It was only a seal that was cracked!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! My cars' engine is fine!!!! And it was only $120 to fix it. AND I made it safely back to LA w/o a problem. So FU PEP BOYS!!!! I will never ever ever go back there.  BTW, while i was there i did check out there tires and their pricing is RIDICOLOUS!!!  They are SCAM ARTISTS!!!
1	What a waste of time....i went to pep boys for tires sat for 5 hours waiting for tires that were on a truck... that was right around the corner... ever since they changed my tires my car hasn't been right... came back when i had time and they are apparently so busy that they are unable to fix their mistakes...I was told at 10:00am I would have to wait till 4:00pm. When I said fine I will come back at 4:00 I was told that putting my name in wouldn't hold my place....they seriously expected me to wait in their store for six hours!
3	What a waste of time....i went to pep boys for tires sat for 5 hours waiting for tires that were on a truck... that was right around the corner... ever since they changed my tires my car hasn't been right... came back when i had time and they are apparently so busy that they are unable to fix their mistakes...I was told at 10:00am I would have to wait till 4:00pm. When I said fine I will come back at 4:00 I was told that putting my name in wouldn't hold my place....they seriously expected me to wait in their store for six hours! Update once someone finally listened to me and stopped telling how long the wait was....I was able to get issued resolved appropriately.
1	My father brought his mercedes SUV here to get a freeon charge. They ran a diagnostic test on the air conditioning unit and claimed we needed a new air compressor unit. They quoted us $1800. At that price we wanted a second opinion. We decided to take it back to the mercedes dealership because we just preferred to have all major work done there. We called the mercedes dealership and told them what was diagnosed and asked for their estimate.   They quoted only $1000!  We were shocked!  We immediately packed up and drove over there. After mercedes ran their own diagnostic test they concluded the air compressor was fine and only needed a freeon charge!These pep boys mechanics are the dirtiest I have ever come across!  They see and elderly man with a nice car and absolutely try to fuck him!  Im tempted to post their names but will not. After reading all the other reviews I am not the only one sharing a similar experience. These mechanics should be avoided at all costs!
3	My car battery died--again.  I'm sure I just got a new one last year, but with this killer desert heat, it's not a surprise that I had to replace it so soon. When I had an inkling that my battery was approaching its demise, I made an appointment online for the next day's first available time, which was 8:00am on a Wednesday.  Wednesday morning comes along and I can't start my car to get there on time, of course.  After getting a jump from my knight in Under Armour, we arrive half an hour later.  Long story longer, they saw me around 9:00am and said it would take about 20 minutes to change out the battery.  20 minutes really means an hour in Pep Boys lingo.  I was out of there around 10:05am.  I'm just grateful that it wasn't something more expensive like the alternator.  Recommendation to Manny, Moe, and Jack:  make your waiting area more friendly to customers and offer a Sparkletts water station and a TV, especially with this heat and if we have to sit around for more than an hour.  This time I got a battery with an extended warranty so maybe I won't be back until 2015.
5	I have lived here for two years and have come to rely on Pep Boys and the Staff  (Jay and 'M') often. Initially I was skeptical about service here due to some of the reviews left on YELP, but I gave them a try. (I have had no problems whatsoever) I'm naturally cost conscious being a female/single mom.  I have two vehicles and have received awesome service and affordability. I no longer shop the area for the best auto repair deals.
5	I would like to thank Daniel Jasoni first of all. I paid $18 to get my smog check, failed, paid $52.00 for a diagnosis to tell me i needed to replace both upstream oxygen sensors and was going to be charged almost $600 to replace them at Perfect Auto on Craig and Tenaya. BS. I found them at Pep Boys for about $65-$75 each. Now I dont Know to much about cas but when i got to Pep Boys Daniel helped my find out what i needed right away. In about 10 mins, he had already found out what codes needed to be fixed and exactly what sensors i had to replace to pass my smog @ no charge, thats what i call Customer service, he never tried to roll over on me once.Through it all i was going to get charged almost $600 and with his help it only cost me about $200 with parts and installment. Thank you so much Your awsome. I cant even explain. I know exactly where to go next time for my auto parts. Thanks    the kid in the black dodge dakota
1	These guys are thieves!  I accompanied my wife to the store one day to have a headlight bulb installed.  I tried but was afraid I'd break something, so we let them do it.  The $25 installation charge wasn't the problem; the problem occurred when the service technician approached my wife and told her she needed a new set of tires and her AT fluid flushed, along with an oil change.Our oil is full synthetic and was just changed 2 months prior and only accumulated 3,000 miles since then.  The AT has absolutely no issues and shouldn't be flushed so soon; absolutely no reason.  The tires had tons of available tread on them, so we went around the corner to discount tires, where they told us we didn't need tires for at least another 20,000 miles!  Go figure.  Pep Boys Technicians have little honesty.
5	I keep coming back these people are great. Thanks again
5	Great timing, forgot my oil change last time, and in 35 mins was done.
5	One night my car was vandalized and try cut my transmission line. Was trying to get it to an auto shop and it died on the way there. Was able to get it into the pep boys parking lot. I went in to see if they could help. Initially they said they wouldn't be able to help us because they don't do tranny work. I said ok and started to walk out the door crying because I didn't know what I was going to do now. The service manager Jay came out and talked to my boyfriend and I. He said he would take a look. He jacked our car up and got under it in his dress pants and button up shirt without a complaint! He looked around for awhile and confirmed the line had been cut by a razor blade. We purchased all the necessary parts from their store to fix the tubing. He got back under and fixed it completely and our car was back to running like nothing happened! He was a life saver and he didn't even charge us for his time (2hrs) just for what we needed to buy a far as fluid and parts. We will definitely be returning due to the great customer service and friendliness of Jay!
5	Truck was on its last leg due to vandalism did not have a clue what to do apart from pay to have it fixed. Jay really took care of us in a time of need and we could not ask for better service or and better additive. The managers here have a "Pay it Forward" outlook on their business and it shows. I will be going back if i need anything for our truck. A nation wide brand with the community in mind Everyday .. A+
5	the associate Chris and the Manager Dan where very helpful. Chris is always willing to help me and is very knowledgeable, he knows alot about the products they sell and more. every time i have a question Chris is able to answer it and explain it I explained my situation with Chris and Dan and they took care of me. I shook there hands and thanked them. Thank you Chris and Dan and thank you pepboys for hiring such good employees.Steve
5	I needed work done on my jeep or a headlight switch, combination switch, and a turn signals on numerous occasions, and they always delivered excellent work each time.  Yelp reviews are biased and it is easy to tell by what reviews are taken in and what are booted to the unrecommended reviews.
5	Immediately after my son installed new struts on my old Toyota, I went to Pep Boys to have it aligned.  Right after this my car was making a loud clanking sound in the front end.  After 4 day of the noise getting progressively worse, I was afraid to drive the car.  I took the car back into this store and could have absolutely been TAKEN!  The employees and mechanics are professional, kind, and most of all HONEST!!!  I was sure they were going to tell me that the $400 struts were bad or that the installation was wrong....It turned out to be a loose bolt!  They thanked me for my business and sent me on my way!  I could not be happier with the service at the Lake Meade Store!
5	Jay, Omar and Omar worked to find a pin hole in my tire.  They state almost an hour after closing to make sure that my car was ok or my wife to drive.  I appreciate the true professionalism that they have here and I will be back.  Trust and business is earned, they earned all of my business!  Thank you!
1	My truck stalled in the middle of the lot and pep boys just happen to be there thank god. But when I asked for help to check my battery and a jump the service reps where not in any rush to help I waited 30 mins when no one was busy. The service rep helped 5 other people after me. It took for me to stand in front of his counter  to even get his attention. He looked at me with frustration and then asked another associate to help me and they all said no. So this rep had an attitude with me the whole time. When we finally get to my vehicle he hooks up everything and  tries to start my car then just gave up and said I don't know what's wrong you will have to take it to the dealership. What the heck!!! I mean u work for pep boys where u can help fix cars?!? Then he just left me there with no solution. I ending up calling a tow truck and had it towed to another local auto shop that was also nice enough to take care of the towing fees.. What's the point of having service reps that don't serve you? Horrible service all the way around.. Next time I'll make sure I stall out where there is an auto zone..
5	I just moved to Las Vegas 2 weeks ago and honestly it has been difficult to adjust... so when my "battery" light started coming on I thought to myself just who in the world will I get to check this out?  When I first walked in I was starting to doubt my choice but after waiting several minutes I met Metien Rodriguez!  He immediately told me what could be the problem and he could check it for me... normally he said it cost about $20 to check it but since I patiently waited he would do it free... first he checked the battery and it checked out ok then checked the altinator and it was not good news... I asked him how much would that cost and he said with my car which is a Chrysler Sebring and is a pain to work on in the first place I would be looking at close to $500-600... I asked him if he would check to see how much it would be and then go from there...  after several minutes he came back and asked me (of course) did I want the good news or the bad news... I said whichever didn't matter... he said well how will $333 be to me?  I said well that is GREAT!!  In my mind knowing my car I was thinking about $700... he said he had the part and it would only take 1 and 1/2 hours... All said and done "M" got it done in a little over an hour and my final cost was $299I AM THRILLED!!!!!He even had me laughing which has been a little tough since moving to the hottest place on the planet ;) (kidding) (but it does seem that way)!If you are in the Las Vegas (Summerlin) area and need help with your car be sure to ask for "M"  Metien Rodriguez is the bomb!!!!!!!!!
1	Okay so my husband goes in and stays in line meanwhile a handful employeyes standing around. The GMAIL tells my husband sorry for the wait they are shorthanded.  Shorthanded of what good workers.  The guy who took the car was really friendly.  We needed a new car battery the guy who took the money would not stop yawning.  All I thought is have a cup of coffee and lets go.  Why are they so slow?
1	What a Horror!! I went in to get my brakes checked and almost died twice.  They let me wait a whole day with my 6yr old then sent me home with no brakes and the engine on fire. The next day trucks back in shop and again let me sit there all day with my 6 year old saying it was not there responsibility to get us home. They kept the truck for 5 days. Then Jay called me said truck was ready. I got there to meet a Pissed off employee because his boss woke him up to handle this. Quote un Quote.  Then let me leave with NO BRAKES! Slammed my brakes and pumped to the next shop over to get my brakes fixed right. And now they're ignoring me because I want a refund for the dangerous position they put me in.
4	I had a lot of work that needed to be done to my car.  There were a lot of false starts with the repairs.  I would have something done, and then it wouldn't fix it so something else would get fixed and that wouldn't solve it.  I blame myself for most of it because I bought a car that had been in a wreck and repaired.  The reason for 4 stars is solely because of one of their employees.  Adrian is one of the managers there and was a huge help.  He worked with me on making sure the repairs were workable for my budget.  He was the only one who would ever call to give me an update on the repairs.  He even would follow up with me while he was on vacation.  So, if you can, ask for him.
1	I USED to be a big fan of Pep Boys but now they have lost a customer for LIFE.All I wanted was four new tires mounted and balanced. Not too tough. I set a 5:30pm appointment for the following evening (yesterday, 08/29/2014) and showed up right on time. I gave my keys to the guy at the counter, signed the paperwork and was told it would be ready in one to one and a half hours. No problem. I scanned all the aisles in the store doing several laps. I kept looking into the service area and saw my car sitting there but really couldn't see what was happening. At 7:17, I because apprehensive, so walked around to the big doors, only to find that the service man was JUST THEN putting my car on the rack!  I asked, "Are you just now starting to work on my car??!!??"  He looked exasperated and started to apologize. I cut him off and said to shut it down; I'll take my car elsewhere.When I went inside to confront the guy at the counter who--incidentally--had been napping with head-in-arms at the counter--he started to apologize.  TOO LATE.  I'm already pissed as can be. No explanations at this point will do any good whatsoever. To make me wait an hour and 45 minutes just to find out that the car hadn't been TOUCHED was as offensive to me as it gets.I told him that I wanted my car ... now.  He pulled it out of the bay, then handed over the keys. I demanded that he void the service contract I signed and he refused, saying "Since you have the car, this paperwork doesn't matter any more.  Insensitivity to the customer's needs is as insolent as you can get and excuses make no difference.As I left, I congratulated him: he just caused Pep Boys to lose a customer for LIFE.Then, I went to the tire store next door and got exemplary service.
1	A couple of months ago I wrote a 5 star review for this place!  Today was a total disappointment!!  My husbands car was overheating and we took it over to PBoys.  Well first off the guy "M" that helped last time was not there :(  My husband's car is a BMW and Jay wrote it up to "check" it and wanted to charge us $38.49 for just an "evaluation" and said he would call us in about an hour and half to let us know.... well 3 hours went by so we went over to see what going on and low and behold NOTHING had been done!!!  Sitting in the exact same place!!!  The least he could have done was tell us honestly how long it would take or call us and let us know what, even if nothing, is going on!  We go in and he said he only had 5 guys there and only one who worked on BMWs and that tech was working on a Honda!  Can the other "techs" work on the Honda?  He said "Well I can not just pull him off a work order"... well he should have been honest with us in the first place!  He then went on to tell us that he would not be able to get to it until tomorrow which he NEVER mentioned when we dropped it off! If we would have known that we would not have wasted 3 hours waiting for NOTHING!!!!
3	After making this post.  My husband received a call from the manager at pep boys.  Well I appreciate his apologizes for the poor service.  I do think the company and people should be aware of the problem we had experienced.  I am updating this review and adding stars because I think it does show a good manager trying to right a wrong situation so thanks.
1	I guess I should have read the reviews here first. I will say that my car was repaired properly. The tech Ron who worked on the car was all smiles and pleasant to talk with. BIG WORD OF CAUTION THOUGH!The upsell techniques they use are dishonest by current automotive standards and yes, I am an expert in this area. 1) Get your estimate in writing, or email or text with complete detail. Do not approve anything verbally.2) Make sure they print your repair order and you look it over BEFORE you pay. In my experience "the speed of the captain is the speed of the ship" so shame on the store manager. The service manager Jay, should NEVER be talking to customers - ever!!!!
1	I am a loyal Pep Boys customer and I hesitate to write this. But I will.What started out as a starter quickly ballooned into a fiasco. Talked into using their tow service at the reasonable price of $20 it took three hours and multiple calls to get the car there from three blocks away,Once there I was informed that the car also needed a battery, which I approved.I finally called 8 hours later to determine the status, learning that they had been trying to contact me all afternoon at the wrong number, by one digit. I was then informed that the only battery they had for my car was a Bosch for a total part and labor of $200. In a hurry to resolve this mess i agreed, but I am done with Pep Boys, as you should be.
5	I would have to say it was the quickest service I had at a Pep Boys, by far my favorite one to go. I was helped with the paper work by an associate named Alex, who explained to me how much my oil change was going to be  & even suggested getting a free tire rotation & air put into my tires. So with that I went to the near by Denny's & 30 minutes into my waiting, the Technician Mickey calls me up telling me have a nail in my tire & my left rear tire was basically hanging on by very loose lug nuts & the hub cap. Thankfully the nail didn't penetrate all the way, & I didn't have to get a new tire & he reassured me that he was going to put them on properly. 90 minutes later when I went to pick up my car, which I think is great seeing as it was a Saturday & every one of their garage spaces was filled, I thanked them all & made a point to tell the Manager Jay about the great team he has which were all friendly, efficient, honest & informative.
4	huge selections and the customer service always seem to be helpful.
2	I went to Pep Boys for new headlight bulbs because I'd had good service from them before. I purchased new bulbs from the Pep Boys at Jones/Flamingo, then they informed me they couldn't put them in for another 2 hours, so I drove to this store on Lake Mead Blvd. I told the service rep that I wanted to exchange the bulbs for even better ones and  have them installed. He rang me up and then told me it'd cost $30 to put the bulbs in! I called AutoZone, while waiting at the register, who said they'd put in the headlights for free. I returned my headlights to PepBoys and drove down the road to AutoZone for a better deal and better service. Took less than 10 minutes to pop in new bulbs!I've enjoyed good service at Pep Boys, but I guess this can be chalked up to gross incompetence and a lack of interest in customer service.
5	Our battery died not even two blocks from the Pep Boys on CHARLESTON & LAMB, and after getting a jump from my mother in law, it still didn't work. So after a half hour wait, & restarting with smoke coming out from underneath the engine we drove to the pep boys. My boyfriend explained to them the smoke, the car not turning over & the concern that it may be an electrical issues. So after being there two hours, we were told it was a dome light that was draining the battery and we should drive around for several hours to recharge it. During the wait we decided to apply for the store credit card, which took two people to figure out how to do. Yesterday we were out shopping and it didn't start up again. Smoke was coming out & it smelled like burning wires. Now we're at the reliable PepBoys on 7399 W. Lake Mead Bl, we've had a electrical diagnostic test because they didn't ignore the concerns of the smoke & smell like the one on Charleston who ignored it and only did a service test. We're getting a new starter & being updated on the process regularly.
