5	http://www.ferreiracafe.com/EN/If you are lucky enough to score a seat at the bar for lunch, you are in for a treat. I believe that Jackie (i hope i remembered her name right!)should be complimented on her mixology skills that are a stellar as her personality. It was a show just watching her work the regular crowd as well as the few tourists who were privileged enough to be seated at her bar. I tried to download their menu so I could tell you exactly what I sampled  - it was lunch and I wanted to try a few things before having to trek home to Chicago. I remember a seared tuna bite and salad and oysters and wine. I'll update when my computer permits. The restaurant was packed (weekday) with suits and still managed an exciting buzz that was infectious. Lunch was a celebration of life and a reminder to lift a glass, eat good food and always trust another chef's referral for lunch. I have to rank this as spendy but worth every penny!merci Chef Dave!
5	Great food.  Excellent service.  I had the Portugese version of seafood paella, a tomato salad, and a deliciously light white wine.
4	first night in montreal and wow - what a meal...for starters we ordered grilled octopus, exquisite, i opted for salad (mixed greens with lemon dressing - perfect!) and appetizer (tiger shrimp w/ginger aioli) as my main course. they brought it out on one plate which was very thoughtful.my husband ordered the seafood rice dish (like a paella) and he thoroughly enjoyed the generous portion of mussels, 'meaty' lobster and scallops...we also ordered a side of mushrooms and were pleasantly surprised that this was a mix of hearty mushrooms, (not the typical button that are 'dressed up').i'd pass on the molten cake, i've had better. might've given this place 5 stars if we skipped dessert...
5	Servers and managers everywhere:  pay attention.I've been on a long cold streak on making reasonable, but non-standard, requests and having them turned down.After a good meal that I was prepared to rate a solid 4 stars, my companions and I ordered glasses of tawny port.  There were three available by the glass:  a 20-y/o Graham's, a 10-y/o Warre's, and an Offley Colheita (1995).  We ordered the latter, and the server returned with the 20-year Graham's, explaining that they were out of the one we ordered.  In fairness, I should mention that the Graham's was more $$$ on the menu than the Offley Colheita, and I think they were going to give it to us for the lower price.  But we really wanted, at a Portuguese restaurant, something we don't see all over the place -- and that meant not Graham's and not Warre's.  And we wanted a tawny, not a vintage.  So we asked whether they might possibly be able to find some other bottle that they wouldn't mind opening up and giving us three glasses of.The server said "let me check with my sommelier," and eventually came back with a different Colheita.  And it was fantastic.  And that's their fifth star, easily.  Why does everywhere else have so much trouble with this?I'm mortified at how small we wound up tipping -- with Canadians at a restaurant in Canada, maybe they're furious with their dumb American companion for giving a little bit more (can I get a straight answer on what is normal in Montreal these days please?) -- especially since the service was impeccable even before that, and since we didn't order very much.  So the food?  Yeah, it was good, too, probably 4 stars.  Black cod?  Melts in your mouth -- and a bigger piece than you get in many places (way more than lemeac, for example).  Seafood rice dish?  The shellfish was amazing looking, and tons of it, but I tried the rice, and it was pretty boring.   But a nice atmosphere, if you don't mind kinda loud music, an open kitchen that looked remarkably ordered and under control, no chaos at all, so probably very consistent with what they put out.And the service was the best I've had in a long time.
5	Great food, great service and by far the best Portugese restaurant in Montreal.  Lunch is cheaper and I like their little attentions: one rainy day I went and when I was about to leave, they did not find my umbrella, so they gave me one of theirs (which was as nice as mine!).I would recommend that you stay on the street leve if you want to see people and be seen and to go to their mezzanine if you want to be quiet and see their chefs doing their great work.R.
5	There are so many restaurants to choose from in this city!!  So, where do you turn to if you aren't sure where to go....Yelp of course!  The recommendations were stellar and we were not steered wrong!Travel day to Montreal for work...and its my birthday away from home, but I'm happy to be with great friends.  We make the trek up Rue Peel, luggage in tow - all up hill mind you.  "Should only be about 4 blocks, oh ok only 2 more blocks, well it should be up this block.  Oye, worn out from our hike our hunger was almost outta control.We arrived and the hostess gladly handled our bags by putting them in coat check, swiftly got us seated and immediately we were asked about our beverage to start the evening.  Not being familiar with their wine selection the sommelier Victor offered up a taste of a wonderful red Quinta Do Crasto '06.History: Quinta do Crasto revolutionized Douro winemaking. From a traditional blend of touriga nacional, tinta roriz, touriga franca and the hearty tinta barroca comes a vibrant red with perfect cherry fruit, embellished with caraway, cedar, leather and fennel notes. Medium weight and juicy, with excellent length. Drink now or age five years.  We drank it now and it was very good!!The starter was 4 roasted sardines topped with fleur de sel seated on an olive tapenade and served with toasted bread.  The sardine melted in your mouth, the salt and olive tapenade gave balance and seasoning and the bread provided the host for this tasty treat.My entree was the Black Cod accompanied by a seafood risotto.  Ok, I have never had such a well prepared dish that made me want to order seconds, thirds and a doggy bag!  The fish was cooked to perfection and was topped with a nice parsley garlic puree  The risotto was creamy with ample clams and mussels throughout.   My friends had Cataplana fish and seafood bouillabaisse and seared tuna, smashed potatoes with foie gras --- considering there was no noise except for the constant humm of 3 happy diners I was fully confident their dishes were as good as mine.Thankfully or regrettably there was a second round of bread brought to the table so we all were able to soak up our respective sauces and broth...needless to say no bread remained.Dessert, like we needed it, included a coconut milk tapioca with pineapple marmalade (sooo smooth and creamy) and an order of Portugese vanilla tarts served with a scoop of the most intense coffee ice cream I've had.This was a fabulous meal, outstanding service and a go to restaurant for me whenever I come back into the city!  Thank you Victor for the introduction to a wonderful wine selection!!
4	This place has a wonderful atmosphere and wonderful food. Ferreira has a certain buzz from the predominantly business casual crowd and the open kitchen near the back adds liveliness to the whole atmosphere. The service was on par and the food was excellently prepared. For appetizers, our group of 5 shared the sardines (only 4), the grilled calamari (excellent), and the crab cakes (very good). Everyone at the table was extremely pleased with their entrees and I especially enjoyed the special of the evening, sea bass with chanterelle mushrooms. For dessert, the grand finale and the mousse hit the spot. The raspberry sorbet accompanying the mousse was phenomenal! I am not sure that any of the dishes were particularly Portuguese (with the exception of the chicken which was delicious) but a great experience as a whole.
5	Be sure to make reservations otherwise you'll be sadly disappointed that they're book solid. I've been to Montreal twice and both times made sure I booked in advance. During the warmer seasons they open the restaurant windows so try to snag a seat there as it's the best seat in the house or venture further back into the restaurant for a more intimate setting. This is hands down the best Portuguese food I've ever had. Their cod and risotto is to die for.
3	The restaurant seemed expensive, but I figured it would be a treat and probably worth the money.  The people were friendly if you looked like you had money.  I was dress business casual, but I definitely got different service than the guy with the rolex next to me.    I had the Roasted salted cod fish, onion and tomato.  It came out without the tomato so I thought I got the wrong dish.  The bar host looked at me like I was crazy then the waiter said he grabbed the plate before the kitchen was done dressing it.  An how,  it was pretty much just fish onion and tomato.  Not anything order again at any price let alone $28 a plate.  With wine and a salad I was out $50.  I agree with the other low review that it's really not worth the price.
4	Was able to get a table without a reservation. very lucky.  Although seated in the back of the restaurant we were comfortable, and the service was great.  Had the Porcini crusted roasted black cod, which our waiter said was their signature dish...delicious, gives the black cod at Nobu a real test.  Started with their soft shell crab entree. delightful and finished with vanilla tarts with caramel ice cream...a 5 star dessert.  Yes, this cafe could be the best Portuguese restaurant outside of Portugal!
4	It's a good, but it's not good enough for me to come back though.  But, i only had an appetizer and an entree there, i might not be the judge to say that.  This place seems to have a lot of loyal fans, it was packed on a Monday evening, and the bar tender seems to know a lot of customers.  i started with the sample platter that come with sausage, sardine, calamari, and quail.  it's good, but not super tasty.  For entree, i had roasted pork with clams.  it's not bad.  The portion is huge!!
5	Tuna with fries and Cod with Tomatoes and Onions - both fab. Great place. Visit everytime we are in Montreal. Love the decor!!!!
5	This is a must visit when in Montreal, but be sure to make a reservation as it books up quickly.We were seated right away and right on time for our reservations.  The wait staff was very attentive and made three or four good recommendations from the wine list.  We went with a Portuguese red which was great, with a little spice/pepper kick.Appetizer was the salmon tartar, served with toasted bread slices.  Fabulous.Main course.  I had to have the house signature dish, the black cod with porcini mushroom port reduction sauce over a seafood melange.  Unbelievable.  Perfection.  The best cod I have ever eaten by a mile.  I want more now.  Where can I get this in LA?  Help me please!Desert. Almond tart.  Super tasty, fresh, great crust. with fresh berries on the side.  Loved it mucho mucho.  Highly recommended.  Can't wait to go back next time I'm in the big M.
5	Great restaurant. Nice atmosphere, friendly service, and outstanding food. I had the risotto with lobster and mushrooms, and it was wonderful. The owner (Carlos) is at the restaurant and makes sure everything runs well.
4	I cam in here a few weekends ago and was impressed. All I had were some apps - chourico, sardines and grilled calamari, but I can say that next time I'm in Montreal, I'm going to tear into this menu. Can't believe I left without trying the black cod or the octopus.For the record, if you're used to Luso-American cuisine - this is not it. Don't get me wrong, it's excellent. But if you come here, expect Portuguese inspired, well thought-out dishes at a premium price point.Recommended.
5	This place is amazing!  I am Portuguese and have been to every Portuguese restaurant you can think of, and I can honestly say that there is no place like Ferreira Cafe!  Places in Portugal fail to comparison as well!  I highly recommend this place if you're looking for a romantic dinner or just a night out with some friends!   Service, food, music, ambiance is fantastic.. great place!
5	Literally, as good as it gets.  We got there early, so we might've gotten lucky, as it soon became packed!  Service was impeccable and the food was phenomenal.  Portuguese style grilled shrimp, was one of the most flavorful seafood dishes I've had in a while.  The risotto was perfectly al dente and beautifully seasoned, the shrimp were marinated, grilled and served whole, with the shells removed except for the head and tail which removed easily. It also came with what was described as a salsa, which could also be described as  a fresh chopped tomato, pepper relish-less saucy and more like a pico de gallo, but seasoned wonderfully.  I also tried the Sardines which were fresh and grilled-very robust, as sardines are and served with a sundried tomato relish, which really rounded out the dish. Also tried the Salt Cod Braz style, which was agreed upon to be described as a hash, with a stunning presentation.  It was very rich, but wonderful. The Grilled Angus reserve rib eye, truffle puree, red wine, was hands down, one of the best pieces of beef I've had in recent memory and the truffled mashed potatoes were delicious.  It was also served with a bone full of marrow which we spread on some bread.  For dessert, the Natas were a must have -small vanilla custard in pastry shells with a dusting of cinnamon, and were served with a small scoop of caramel ice cream. A perfect combination with the strong and satisfying Portuguese espresso.  The wine list was all Portuguese wines, which we weren' familiar with, but our server who was spectacular, recommended a beautiful earthy red, and a nice dry glass of white. I apologize for not keeping track of the names.A great experience in an amazing food mecca.  A little pricey, but I will surely be back next time I'm in Montreal.
4	My husband and I have visited montreal together twice now and both times we've eaten at ferreira cafe.  The first time we went, my husband ordered their signature black cod and I ordered a tuna entree.  Needless to say, his cod trumped my tuna (I don't remember the tuna that well now - it was lacking something I guess).  The cod was so flavorful and moist.  A few years later, when we visited ferreira cafe again, my husband ordered the cod again and I ordered the seafood bouillabaisse (my previous tuna dish was no longer on the menu - not surprising).  The cod was again delicious but my seafood bouillabaisse was amazing! This was a classic seafood dish done right.  The ingredients were fresh and the medley of fish, shellfish, vegetables and broth were sublime.  The seafood was tender and the vegetables were cooked perfectly.  The broth was the best part.  It was rich in taste and complemented the ingredients so well. It's been a few months since I had that dish and I can still taste it.The service was great both times. The sommelier picked a nice crisp white to go with both our dishes (I unfortunately can't remember the name).  The hostess and the wait staff were attentive and nice.  The ambiance provides low lighting for a romantic dinner.  The space isn't too big so feels more intimate, but it can get a little too close for comfort when it's a friday or saturday night - their busiest nights - and you're almost sitting with the couple at the next table.  But overall we love ferreira cafe. We'll definitely visit again on our next trip.
5	I came in on a Sunday (with a reservation) during Grand Prix weekend not knowing more than a few phrases in French, and was greeted with friendly faces in red dresses who happily showed me to my seat and offered recommendations upon request.The porcini-crusted cod is as wonderful as others say it is, but perhaps even more fantastic was the octopus "salad" that had no greens, but hummus, red onions, shallots and capers instead.  At the end of the night, it was a fig cake & sweet potato ice cream that was so delicious, I just had to order a coffee to sip while I soaked up the atmosphere.
5	We had a late lunch on Saturday afternoon during Formula 1 weekend. The service and food was fantastic on a very busy day when with a street festival going on out front. Our waiter was Philip, he didn't miss a beat. He made recommendations based on our questions. We were looking for a great wine to go with lunch, once again Philip nailed it, his recommendation was on the mark. He chose a bottle Douro. I travel 120 night a year and rate Ferreira as one of my all time favorites. Put it on your do not miss list the next time you travel to Montreal.
4	If you like cod both of the entrees are excellent. My wife had the 'Salted Cod Braz style' and I had the 'Porcini Crusted Roasted Black Cod, Port reduction'.   I would also recommend the 'Fleur de sel roasted sardines filets on "brioche"' as an appetizer.
3	I desparately wanted to love this place, after recommendations from the hotel, a bunch of website, open table and yelp...unfortunately, my husband's fresh fish of the day (Halibut).. lacked flavor (even basic salt) and the oomph we hoped to find at a top-rated expensive restaurant. We went here for our third anniversary-- and although my cod with porcini was tasty, it was nothing spectacular.Calimari was also very basic-- but I dont think there is anything you could really do with calamari-- however, I would like to comment that it was not overly chewy and very fresh.... Our service was impeccable and the the ambiance is delightful... BUT, I dont think I would be back, and if you are into picking a place for its great "look" and nice area, then go...but dont expect an amazing culinary experience-- just a decent one...because it was a good experience, just not the best.
4	Service was good but somewhat spotty. We had to ask for bread or refills. With that aside, I had the best seafood dish ever. I ordered the porcini crusted black cod. Amazing! We sat down right away considering it was a bustling Friday night. Glad we found this place.
3	Came here hoping for a nice break from our usual French/American dining. The 10pm dinner menu (set for $24) looked very appealing. We arrived around 9:45p. Our waitress, after seating us down, did not bother coming back to our table until it was past 10pm. No water. Nothing. She kept serving all the other clients except us. Another thing I disliked was the decor. Since it is a huge place, the modern decor felt very impersonal. The fuchsia light gave it a clubby feel. Plus the AC was on blast! At the end I couldn't wait to leave. On to food. I ordered the grilled calamari, which was kind of bland. My black cod topped with very thin french fries was delicious. I didn't appreciate the black olive in the bottom. My fiance loved his organic chicken though it came with few veggies.All and all, Ferreira did not meet the romantic & intimate vibe I was expecting. I would recommend to still try their signature dishes.
4	I really enjoyed the boullabaisse!!!  It was a huge pot with tasty broth filled with seafood.  It could've totally been shared and I felt like an idiot ordering it for just me? My husband had the seafood rice casserole.. also very tasty and something that could've been shared vs. a single order.The other couple each got the alaskan cod dish which looked amazing and they were very happy with it.I definitely recommend this place and would return to try other dishes.
5	I went to this place for lunch with some business colleagues.The ambiance of this place is very mediterranean and cosy. we had to try to fit 6 people at a 5 person table.  Price is on the higher end. The fish here is superbly delicious. Perfect place to take business clients. Reservations recommended. i would definitely go back.
5	We didn't have reservation so ate at the bar with business partner on a Friday night. Reservations are needed for tables. Bar is set up for dinner service with plenty of room. Very good dinner and house wine from owner's vineyard in Portugal. I had Caldo Verde (Portuguese soup) and Codfish in tomatoes. Both were great. Priced similar to other downtown Montreal resturants.They also own Cafe Vasco de Gama a few doors up on Peel. Another great breakfast/lunch/coffee stop. I will go back to both Ferreira and Vasco de Gama.
5	This is by far one of the best overall restaurants in Montreal.  I have been going here for well over 10 years.  It never disappoints, the decor is welcoming, warm, with an understated sophistication.  The staff is always  great at guiding you through the menu and making great suggestions,r always there when you need them and have been well trained in the art of anticipating the needs of their guests.  The sommelier Victor is my go to person, every time we go we love to say hello and let him choose the perfect wine.  I have been there many times with various friends, each with their own expectations and everyone without fail has come away happy to have discovered this gem.  Some of the standout dishes are the Quail, the sardines and anything from the sea.  The menu changes regularly as per the seasons and they usually have a great specials menu, the cost is on the upper range but definatly well worth the price, the wines are as varied in cost but with Victors guidance you can usually find something in your budget.Older post from my blog:Ok this one has been tooted as one of the top 10 Portuguese restaurants in North America...it is said that people fly into Montreal all the time just to have supper here. They have an alltimehandsdownfavorite dish ....Grilled Sardines!! We recently tried there mixed seafood plate and got kudos all the way around...it can be pricey and a reservation should be made but if you feel like adventure....go for it.  Adding the beef cheeks, new to the 2006 menu just because it is really good so if you have a non seafood eater in the group...tell them not to fear
5	2 words - Black Cod - enter, sit, order it and be prepared to be blown away.  That's all I am going to say besides everything else is excellent; menu, service, and decor.
4	This is a really great place where the touted head chef is not only present , but working the entire time.  We literally watched him in awe all night checking each dish and putting the final touches on each dish before it left his kitchen.  You often hear a lot about head chefs these days....but rarely actually see them in the kitchen, if at all.  The food was mint!  We started off with (3) enormous grilled shrimp with some type of garlic olive sauce.  For an entree I got the seafood rice casserole.  It comes to the table in a copper sauce pot.  It was choked full of scallops, calamari, fish heads, clams and shrimp.  My wife got the rib eye which I tried.....damn good, steakhouse quality.  The service was ok.... they were trying.  They had a real large group that they were struggling to keep up with.  We had 3 different waiters because they were trying to help the other guy out.  When you are paying that much money for dinner it should be a little more organized.  Bring your wallet....it was just my wife and I,  app, entrees, dessert and 2 drinks each = 2 bills.  Go for the food!
4	Great food great price! As other mention I would not mind bringing business clients to this restaurant! CheersEric Van Nguyen
3	This place was utterly and thoroughly OK.  It would would rate it higher than three stars if it were cheaper.  With cocktails, a bottle of wine, and dinner for two, it ran $272 with tip.  I don't mind spending that much if it is a truly high end experience.  Everything we had was good, but not spectacular.  We will be trying other restaurants in the area instead of this one when we are in town.
5	Fantastic atmosphere and great food. Oysters were wonderful. Recommended wine paired very well with the food. Get a table by the front and enjoy the weather.
4	Fantastic!
5	Traveling the world we discover many cuisines and great restaurants,Italian, Greek,French, but one part of the Mediterranean that Montreal has in its community is Portugal and the restaurant that does an incredible job that makes the locals proud is Ferreira Cafe. Carlos Ferreira has introduced Portuguese cuisine at its finest and the reputation of Ferreira is Global. Now If only if we could convince him to open elsewhere in North America we would make Portuguse cuisine with its simplicity and freshness with emphasis on Seafood an experience to be shared by everyone. Unfortunately you will need to travel to Montreal to enjoy the finest Portuguese cuisine. We started the evening with a tapas platter that consisted of wonderful Tuna Tartar, Octopus, grilled Calamari, Chorizo a Portuguse sausage,and their famous Grilled Sardines everything done to perfection and so fresh that it echoed the sea of the Meditteranean. We enjoyed as main course Dover Sole that melted in your mouth and three different paella variations one consisting of Duck confit, clams,shrimps,lobster,black cod,in a broth made simply with their own juices. The black cod with its edgy finish was in a league of its own with a flakiness that rivaled Chilean Sea Bass.We finished the evening sharing a chocolate fondue and vanilla bean ice cream that made the evening unforgettable. We had not been to Ferreira in a while one reason  being the difficulty in getting a reservation so early calls for a table is mandatory and it's location downtown makes it a favourite among the tourists.
4	Great Portuguese food with friendly service.  Very pricey.I enjoyed all the apps and entrees I tried here.  The dessert sampler is a must try if you like dessert.  Best Portuguese food I have had outside of Portugal.Entree sizes were surprisingly large here compared to other places I have been to in Canada and Montreal.
4	Having worked in Portugal for a while, I was very pleased to find a Portuguese restaurant in Montreal.  As you might expect, the restaurant focuses on fresh fish, and my waiter had better-than-average knowledge of the different fish available the day I went.I had a wild-caught pepper-crusted Tuna rare served with potatoes and vegetables. The cut of tuna was very good.  The serving of vegetables and potatoes was microscopic, which is a shame since I really like veges.  The price was not bad, and overall the meal was very good.
1	Right from the "get go" here I am going to qualify my remarks by stating that has been a little while since I have been to this restaurant, but if TRUE Portuguese food is what you crave then you are best to avoid this place like the plague!If, however, you have no experience with TRUE Portuguese cuisine then you may actually like this place.  There is nothing wrong with the food or the service, it is just that this place is NOT the real deal when it comes to Portuguese restaurants.I discovered four glaring problems with this place.  First off, when my wife (who is from Fall River, MA - which is practically a part of the Azores) and I arrived we were asked the one question never asked in a TRUE Portuguese restaurant which was, "Do you have a reservation?"  When I advised that we did not we were told that we could not be accommodated, but that we were free to sit and order at the bar which was fine by me.  This however, brings us to the second problem.When my entree came it appeared to look more like an appetizer than an entree.  Now, those who know Portuguese cuisine know that you NEVER leave any TRUE Portuguese restaurant hungry.  At this place I left hungry! :o(The third problem I discovered was that very few of the staff spoke Portuguese!  This is a major "red flag" for anyone who knows Portuguese food.  If the staff does not speak Portuguese then you "aint" eatin' in a Port-o-gee restaurant.Lastly, and I know all my Portuguese brethern will back me up on this item, this place is pricey!  The best reason to go to a Portuguese restaurant is that Portuguese people are notoriously parsimonious so prices in real Portuguese restaurants have to be cheap else Portuguese people will not patronize.Thankfully, the Portuguese diaspora has brought many a Benfica fan to Canada and there are a lot of Portuguese restaurants in Montreal.  Try any of the places on Boulevard St. Laurent in the vicinity of Duluth for the best that Portugal has to offer and steer clear of this place.
2	Hum, i'm a bit torn on Ferreira Cafe. It was a recommendation from the concierge at my hotel and fully packed to capacity when I arrived. I was excited by the patronage and despite the crowd, we were seated in minutes. Our waitress was super attentive and our table faced the kitchen. I steadily observed the kitchen staff, dirty plates on the ground and snacking off the food. One person on staff drank a beer, latte and red bull while preparing meals. I had the octopus salad, black cod and a dozen oysters. I was pleased with the octopus salad but disappointed in the black cod. At $40 and with such a flowery menu description, I was ready to be wowed. Unfortunately, perhaps due to a distracted staff, Ferriera just did not deliver on two basics---salt and pepper. It was aesthetically pleasing but very bland. One of my friends had a bone in his fillet and my other guest got the $51 mixed seafood plate with both missing and more bland seafood. Between elements of bland and incomplete plates, I was underwhelmed. The service was great but I'll never eat there again.
3	The food was good, but the service was a little snooty.  I mean, we are stupid Americans, but part of being in Montreal is that they also speak English.  It was a little bit of a turn off when the wait staff gave a little attitude when we didn't speak French.  On the food side, my stomach was quite satisfied with the seafood stew. They presented it in a such a way that they did the plating tableside.  I was so hungry that I just wanted them to give me the freaking pot, but it made for a cool video.
4	Hey kids, let me give you a warning before you even step foot in this place. You better be packing...cash that is. Cafe F. isn't cheap. If you're into Portuguese food, I hope you're also into hundred dolla bills y'all! That's enough gangster for today. OK, now that I've done my duty to warn friends, I'll tell you about some other important deets. This restaurant is pretty classy. Not only are the servers extremely attractive, but so is the decor and the menu. Loads of fish options, so if you're into seafood this is a good place to hit up. The wine list is also excellent, but again...pricey. I think I need a sugar daddy. Pronto. Oh, back to what's important. I ordered the cod, which I had heard everyone goes bonkers over. It was good, but I didn't die and go to heaven. Sorry to disappoint. Wait, maybe I'm the one disappointed here. Luckily, I was with great company and we ended up having quite a lush time here. Would I go back? Sure, but not until I'm a millionaire. So, I guess I'll see you again in 2025 Cafe Ferreira!
3	Went on a Wed evening around 8:30pm, and it was packed.  My meal was fine (already forgotten what it what), but my friend said the seafood in her paella wasn't very fresh.  They accommodated my request for butter instead of olive oil to go with the bread.  It was pricey, as are many places in this area, and Montreal in general.  (Even at a cafe, I ended up spending $30 on dinner.)  Wish they had more non-seafood dishes, which I know doesn't make sense to say about a Portuguese restaurant, but others have a decent selection of pork, chicken & beef entrees.  I felt under-dressed, but that's more Montreal than the restaurant.  I'd opt to try a new place instead of returning here.
4	Great food great service. New York prices.
4	This was my second time at Ferrira's, and again it did not disappoint.  They are true to the Portuguese roots with a great selection  of seafood. I asked the waitress to help with the wine.  She suggested a Pinot Noir from Dao, Portugal and it was spectacular.  I will definitely try to find it at home.We had the warm octopus salad as an appetizer.  It was grilled perfectly.  My wife says that is hard to do with bigger pieces of octopus.  She had the cod with a great reduction.  It melted in your mouth.  I had the grilled seafood platter with lobster, shrimp, calamari and fish.  All cooked very well.  The mashed potatoes with truffle oil gravy are awesome.  This place was quite expensive, but very good.  It is nice to splurge when you are on vacation!!
5	Absolute perfection!My fiance took me here for my birthday Sept 2012. I loved everything about this place. The service was classy and the food was served steaming hot without too long of a wait. The dishes were phenomenal! The red wines by the glass also paired well with the dishes.We ordered:Orzo and duck (the flavors in this dish are so rich I can't begin to describe them)Fish of the day (fiance ordered this, he basically refused to share because he loved it so much but I remember having a bite and it was cooked to perfection)** One small complaint was that they gave us our leftovers in some fancy bag that had to be held with 2 hands. If you held it by the handle (which I ended up doing) it leaked.
3	Me and my girlfriends had a dinner at Ferreira while in Montreal. The ambiance of the place is very nice and romantic, so we were very hopeful at first. I have to say the service was amazing and we were served immediately. Unfortunately all of us found the food to be too greasy. The house salad I had as an appetizer was the most delicious dish I had that night. Fish of the day was okay, but again too greasy for my liking. Overal, we found everything to be okay, but wouldn't go back, as the restaurant is VERY pricey for what you get.
3	I went to Ferreira for the first time this past summer and both myself and my dinner guests loved the food. What we didn't love, was the lousy service - so when I went back last night, I was hopeful for a better experience. Boy, was I wrong. While the food was good, the service was worse than the first time I went. The manager barely acknowledged us when we arrived, and 'friendly' isn't how I would describe him. He came off as a little arrogant and indifferent. After taking us to our table and asking us if we wanted to check our coats, he left (while our coats sat on a neighbouring table) and never came back. After waiting 10-15 minutes for some kind of acknowledgement, someone finally came by to ask if we wanted to order ; they didn't offer us water, ask if we wanted drinks or even tell us what the daily specials were, if any. Seriously? We told the waiter we'd like a drink which took another 10 minutes to arrive. We then were told that someone new would wait our table. It took at least 20-30 minutes before we were able to order our dishes - and we had to call the girl over twice AND ask for the specials/tell her we were hungry. All the while, there were about 6-7 waiters/waitresses hanging around the bar chatting -some of them looked over once in a while and of course, completely ignored us. My friend and I did notice, however, that the wait staff (including our bad waitress) hovered around the other tables - which lead us to believe that because we LOOK young, the wait staff didn't deem us 'worthy' of their service. Part of the dining out experience is the service - Ferreira failed twice, on this count, and I won't be going back regardless of how good the food might be. For $85, I expect timely service with a smile regardless of how young or old I look - and I shouldn't have to walk around with an open wallet to demonstrate that I can afford to eat there.
3	Overall I had a nice experience here.  A local recommended this place.  I sat at the bar and found the options of food and wine to be very nice.  I really liked the atmosphere, it is has a classy-upscale-trendy setting, but with a casual feeling.  I enjoyed my main dishes (chicken and minestrone soup), the ingredients were very fresh, however, a tad oily.  I gave this 3 stars as I think the prices are a bit too high and don't pair well with what you recieve.  I had two small tapa bites of tuna and salmon tartar, the chicken entree, and two glasses of wine for $98 CD.  I came close to giving this four stars b/c the service, experience, atmosphere are great...and the food... good.
1	Very disappointed with this estanlishment. Even after the concierge @ our hotel suggested another portugese restaurant, I was the one adamant about coming here. My food left much to be desired: had to return my LOBSTER BISQUE :( (very cold), rack of lamb was bland, boring, and nasty. Just a very terrible  dining experience. My mother's food was decent, according to her... she obviously has fading tastebuds.. poor thing. Yet on a lighter note, the ambiance was pleasant & the music selection was good. The prices were over-the - top for such below average food! Great location, but will never return to this spot again. Not worth it at all!! :(
5	Delicious. Had the sept-iles shrimp to start, then the sea bass. Husband had the giant Russian prawns on half shell to start, then the tuna. Only complaint was getting the shells off all those little sept-iles shrimp. Food was cooked to perfection. Nice pace of service, delicious food, lively atmosphere. It was expensive, but I would go back.---One year later. Even better food and service. Yum!  I will be back. :)
5	So, on a recent trip we made reservations at Joe Beef and PDC but we left one night open and ended up here.  Having done so, I wish we could have ditched our earlier reservations and just eaten here every night.  The food was terrific and the service was some of the best we have ever received - one of the really great things was how accommodating they were when my wife and I said we wanted to share appetizers and an entre (dividing it in the kitchen and serving it on individual plates is the sign of a really well-run establishment).  Really, this restaurant is a gem - Montreal is lucky to have it!
5	Great atmosphere.  Great food.  Good wine selection.  Grilled calamari is amazing and how it should be done.  Reminded me of the way it's prepared in the Mediterranean.  Staff was amazing too.
3	The taste of everything was wonderful.  We had fried calamari, tomatoe and cheese salads, grouper, and garlic shrimp.  While it all tasted great, the main courses of garlic shrimp only had 3 shrimp for $46.  That's quite excessive.  The other issue was the service.  The waitress did not get the drink order correct and the food took too long to come out.
4	Excellent restaurant. Fantastic service. Had the black cod which was phenomenal. Great house-labeled cabernet blend.
4	Pricey but worth it. Excellent service, very good food, tremendous atmosphere
3	Seafood in Montreal sucks the bell-end so rating a seafood restaurant here is like comparing public toilets at a festival. Seriously, how may times are we going to see the same shitty sea-bass and tilapia (raised in sewage) slathered in capers and oil to cover up the rot-aroma from it sitting on ice for an entire week? If you're from the southern US, you're going to be sorely disappointed. So, aside from that, which is unavoidable in all Montreal restaurants that serve seafood, I have to say that Ferreira is an elegant spot that runs with Cava and Milos and the rest of them. The ambience is really beautiful - there are lots of heirloom-like knickknacks, lamps, tiled wallwork, glass bar and open counters, etc etc to make the place visually very engaging. The food itself is average to good - nothing on the menu is spectacular, but they sort of do everything well and the decor distracts you into thinking you're experiencing a 5-star meal, which you're totally not. I've had way, and I mean WAY better fish at places like Fogarty's in Key West, and that's a tourist trap in the middle of a tourist street. BUT the overall package is pretty good. A few gripes - mixed meat plates with chorizo, bavette strips, and chicken wings (grand total of $5 of supermarket meat) going for $60 are a bit annoying, as is the waiter waxing poetic about how fresh the sea bass is today (no it's not, the eyes on that fish are clouded over like a muslim cleric in an Al-Qaeda video).Anyways, go try it out. It's definitely pretty.
5	Amaaaaaazing food. I've never had Portuguese food but if it's like this I can eat every day. I had blood orange mojito to start off which was pretty but was ok, not worth $15 ! I would have ordered wine instead. The appy I ordered grilled calamari and they were yummy chewy and good portioned. 4-5 sizable calamaris. Definitely a good plate to share. The main of course I had to have black cod that everyone is raving about. I sat facing the kitchen and every time I see a black cod shone under the red light (meaning it's ready to be delivered to the table) I hoped that it was for me. The plate is hot so best not to touch it, but boy the cod melts in your mouth. You can dissemble it with your fork and it is too shiny and gorgeous to eat. It's true. and it just glides over your tongue with its flavour.. I forgot what was on the bottom it was some sort of a puree that went with the cod. But I tell you you must try the cod.. Dessert I was so convinced to try their traditional tart. Two little portuguese tart for $10. I am sure it is cheaper in Portugal. But they were cripsy on the outside and soft and eggy creamy inside. You definitely have to open you wallet far and wide here. All including the above the bill came to ~$160 for one person. But service was excellent and the food b y far one of the best meals I had. Hooray!
5	My parents were raving about the black cod  in this place and so I had to go try it! Cooked to perfection over a bed of mashed potatoes and wild mushrooms with a sweet brown sauce all placed in a bowl. Absolutely delicious. I also tried the grilled calamari and the lobster and crab salad. Both also delicious, but the black cod was by far the best. Will definitely be coming back!
1	the outdoor seating is empty and they won't seat us there... they just want everyone to sit inside and uses the outside to entice customers to come in... we ate here but since it was so unmemorable, it probably was just so so and we won't be back!
5	Ferreira is one of the most reliably good restaurants in downtown Montreal. The fish is always fresh, perfectly prepared and wonderfully presented. The wait staff is experienced and provide consistently excellent service.  I've never been disappointed eating here. The only challenge is deciding what to order. When the waiter arrives at your table he will list all the fish available that day and it seems that ever time I hear something I think "yes that sounds great I'll have that" and then I hear the next thing on the list and I think the same thing. By the time we arrive at the end I have to ask the waiter to start again because there were so many things I wanted I can't remember the first ones that were mentioned. Don't forget to save a little room for a pastel de nata, a Portuguese tart.
5	Amazing! Highly recommend I usually don't eat fish but the waiter recommended I try the cod, I did not regret it. I had forgotten fish could taste this good, worth the price.They also have a good wine selection.The ambiance is very nice, it's calm, you can enjoy your meal peacefully. (I want on a weekday, it might be different on the weekend)
4	This is a top choice for dining in Montreal. I have eaten here many many times and the food is consistently good. A very nice place for a date or dinner with close friends/family. The black cod is very good and also had the seafood broth which was very nice. Service can be spotty here, though. Times between servings can get lengthy and once this place gets busy, flagging down your waiter is a problem. But a solid choice. Just come in and take your time and you will enjoy this place.
5	Pricy, but best seafood restaurant in town. Always full, even at 11 pm on a Monday night. Best ambiance, awesome service n delicious food. A must try. Make sure u order the salmon tartare, its delicious.
4	The bouillabaisse was the star of the show. One of the best I'd ever had. I'd come again if I were in Montreal again.
4	Came here a couple of months ago for my birthday. I had once been here for a conference and knew their steak was yummy. They did not have filet mignon on their menu but still offered to make it for me which was great. My hubby got the nlack cod but did not seem too impressed by it. My steak was medium to well  when i had ordered it med rare. By the time i got my dinner my hubby was done his :( only downfall of the night. The calamari app was very good.
5	Great restaurant! Made reservations for my dad's 60th birthday and the food was great! If your into seafood and meats I would recommend their surf and turf dish! They also have the best tasting oysters in Montreal. I would go back, but keep in mind it's a little pricey but well worth it.
2	Seriously tempted to only give 2 stars here.  The food was good but not great.  And for the price?  I expected a lot more finesse than I experienced.  Started with the soupl which was nice and hot for a cold night.  Good flavor but nothing extraordinary.  Then ordered the cod crusted with corn bread.  Again good but not extraordinary.  I found myself hunting for a little more signature flavor in the sauce, in the vegetables, in anything.  Oh and the potatoes were on the border of undercooked - inedible.  What bothered me most was the extreme preocupation of the serving staff to talk with each other.  Okay maybe I should give them the benefit of the doubt that they were discussing work  Still found it distracting.  Amusing that during my 1 hour in the restaurant the music changed 4 times.  I know, i watched the staff changing it out.  Looks like a turf war as to what music should be played during dinner.  Overall wished that I had chosen to go to anywhere a little off the beaten path where I could have had a better meal for less $$$.  But then, fool was I to expect really good food for a reasonable price on Peel.
4	Great place. Went there half a dozen time now, always with the same pleasure. On the expensive side but worth it3 startersGrilled CalamaryFresh sardinesCarpaccio de pulpo1 glass of Douro wine ( white )$Can 66
5	I travel to Montreal about once a month for work and this is my go to restaurant when I'm in the mood for good seafood. my favorite is the seafood bouillabaisse which is cooked to perfection. I wish I could provide more suggestions but every time I get the same thing. the atmosphere is good, lively and great place to people watch.  would recommend.
2	This place came recommended, which probably sharpened the disappointment.  If it wasn't a $200 dinner for two, I'd rate it 3 stars, but at this price the bar gets raised.The food: My mushroom risotto wasn't bad... it just tasted a bit watery, and had NO salt in it at all. Cooking 101 fail.  My SO had the '3 meat' combo, which was decent, but nothing to write home about. Maybe we should have gone for the salted cod, but something in me rebelled against paying that much for salted fish.The service: They clearly hire their waitresses for the kind of body that can fit in a hot pink slinky dress, because that's about all they are good for.  Once our drinks were served, the waitress ignored us for close to an hour while we waited for the appetizer. At this point (yes, after close to an hour), a basket of not super fresh rolls was thrown on the table with a saucer of olive oil.  Service 101: if you make your customers wait for an hour, throw them a bone (I mean some warm rolls) to hold them over. The ambiance: on the trendy side but unmemorable.  There were a lot of guys in suits at dinner on a Sunday night, which was a bit weird, as you just don't see people dressing up for dinner that much any more.Verdict: overpriced and overrated.
2	Service was below mediocre for this caliber of restaurant.  We were sat right next to a party, and ordered exactly the same time, but waited about 30 minutes past their entrees being dropped for ours.  I had the meat trio and my wife had the mushroom risotto.  The meats were well seasoned, but the churico was overcooked and hard like a rock.  The risotto was a bit watery and needed salt badly.  Had to request salt since they dont keep it on the table.  The waitress must have been hired for her ability to wear a miniskirt, because she was very absent during our over 2hr long meal at this place.  The best thing here that we had was the not-so-generous portion of calamari.  It was flash fried to perfection and had the best breading I've had in a while.  Giving two stars for the extremely slow service, and the underwhelming food.  If I'm going to put down $100 per person for dinner, it should be above average in every way.  This place fell way short of average.
2	I tend to overlook bad experiences and just never go back, but I felt compelled to create an account to leave a review after tonight's dinner because the service was so terrible. We walked into the restaurant and it took 5 minutes to seat us. They gave us one menu between the two of us. Despite having asked for another menu twice, we never got it. It took half an hour before someone came back to take our order. We ordered a coke (no alcohol on the patio), the scallop and blood sausage spring roll, the cornbread crusted cod, and the vegetable risotto. Shortly afterward, we got served 3 stale dinner roles and a flat glass of coke ($3.75). The table next to us got a different type of bread. I hope theirs was fresh...It was another hour before we got our food. The table next to us arrived later and got their appetizer before us. First, they got the vegetable risotto wrong and gave us the seafood paella. My friend was served his cod, only to have it swapped for a different cod dish. (As it turns out, the first dish he was served was the correct one.) We later witness the messed up order was for intended for the other table, who again would have gotten their order first if it wasn't for the mess up. The appetizer and the original cod dish (which we took a bite of before it was taken away) was delicious. As was the vegetable risotto. The "corrected" cod dish was full of bones. The entire meal was 95 for two people. We will not be returning.
2	We didn't like the service. Server forgot to bring bread to our tables and then waited 30 minutes to get our vines. It is such an expensive restaurant so we expected little better service quality. Also food portions were very small especially the appts.  Wouldn't go there again
3	I had a halibut filet. It was good but nothing fabulous and for 40$ I was expecting fabulous. My husband got the mushroom and duck risotto. That was very good, rich and golden with a confit duck leg and oyster mushrooms, well worth the 36$.Our friend got the bouillabaisse. It was delicious but smallish for the price.
3	Came here with my partner to have dinner. He got the Quail stuffed with sweet bread served with foie gras on toast; while I had the Duck confit on Risotto. The duck confit was tender and nicely done. However, I was very disappointed with the Risotto. It was very salty and also not done. My partner's quail was better in my opinion. The foie gras was probably my favourite though. Rich and great on the bread. The atmosphere of the restaurant is dim and cozy. Next time I would try more of their seafood just to see if there's a difference.
3	Slooooooooooow service. Visiting from sf, decent food.
5	This was my fifth time here. There is not much to be said - other than this place is absolutely INCREDIBLE. Ambiance, decor, food, wine, service - all top notch PERIOD.
3	Good ambient and waiters are friendly.Been a soon of a Portuguese family I was a little disappointed with the Black Cod I ordered, missing a little taste and definitely not enough sides available.Would give another 1/2* if was available.
5	Love the romantic ambience of this seafood-centric Portugese restaurant. Complimentary bread - yum with olive oil Started off with grilled seafood for 2 (shared amongst 4 people) - large prawn, lobster, scallop, octopus in delicious garlic parsley sauce. Everything is so fresh, large portion and cooked perfectly. Bouilliabaisse  - seafood soup, actually not much soup, but again the seafood was good. Seafood Rice - love this the most, the flavors (tomato, saffron??) can't find anywhere else. Rice is a bit hard for my personal taste but love the sauce and the meaty seafood. For dessert we had warm fig cake with sweet potato icecream. The cake reminds me of sticky toffee pudding, not too sweet. No sweet potato taste in the icecream, but just as delicious with a cinnamon flavor. I liked this more than the creme brulee.
