4	Went here only once, but it left a fairly strong impression.  I'd recently discovered Yelp and found myself taking notes through the whole thing about things I wanted to say - then I threw that away and decided to go w/ my gut.  I mention that, because it feel like that's what this place is like - someone originally had this list of the detailed things that needed to be included, then they just sort of scraped that and did something in between.  It wants to be upscale (to pay the rent and bring in the chicks) but in the end it's a bar with tons of beer and upscale bar food.  When it comes to food (this is where the list comes in) they have everything - burgers, sandwiches, pizzas, seafood, chicken fried chicken, mac & cheese, rice bowl, steaks, ribs and a bevy of desert options.  I mean - really?  What made you decide you needed to tackle a menu that big?  Trying to compete w/ Cheesecake factory?  Pricing is about the same as well - but serving sizes are not. These are smaller.I'll be honest - the food was pretty good.  Our server was particularly helpful in helping the guys plow their way through the beer lists.  They didn't sing for his birthday (BIG plus!) but they totally respected that it was a special occasion dinner.  As the night went on, my brother's only complaint was that for a place that specialized in beer, the bathroom shouldn't have been so far away from where folks sit - located by the front door.  I thought that was a noble observation, even if he was slurring a bit as he mentioned it...
3	Some friends and I decided to try this place today. I think everyone was happy with their lunch, but overall I wasn't that impressed with the experience.  Here are a few things I didn't like. Seems like a bar trying to be a restaurant.Therefore not a god place for lunch.My Caesar salad with nothing on it was eleven dollars...it wasn't that big!Entrances are very confusing. Interior very dark....once again like a bar. They have a very large menu full of American favorites, and I could see this place as a good spot to meet some friends for dinner. For families and lunch this spot may be weird. For drinking and eating...probably the best bet.
4	I have been to yard house for business meetings, family outings and with colleagues for a beer.  They do have an astonishing array of beers on tap.  It is fun to seek out ones from Europe that you rarely find here even in bottles.On to the food...I like the food an variety here.  I have eaten from the appetizer menu only, had sandwiches, pizza and salads.  I can recoomend the Poke Stack, the Koren Ribs, and the eggrolls.  The Ahi salad is also excellent.  Try the french dip for more mainstream fare.It gets busy on weekends but weekdays it is easy to get a seat.  They also do an ecellent tea service in a real pot and they have some non typical selections.
3	This was so close to being a 4 star review until the very end of my time here.  I'm giving it 3 because the food was decent, the beer selection was insane, and its convenient for brew and view.  To see why its not 4 stars read on....I went with my husband on a Friday around 3:30 for their happy hour to get toasty before seeing a movie - a pretty convenient location for that.  When we first got in, I remarked how I couldn't believe there was a woman at the bar with her friend and her infant child in a stroller next to them.  Something I'm not used to seeing but the place was pretty empty at that point so I disregarded it.  (Even though if I came with a baby in a stroller- which I would not-  I would choose to sit at one of the 50 empty tables and not AT the bar, but that's just me.)The place was big and as I said mostly empty, and somehow the hostess still managed to seat us in an area with no waitress.  After eyeing a few of them as they walked by our table to help the tables around us, one finally came over to us - "Is anyone helping you?  I can go figure out who is supposed to be your waitress."  No, you are going to take our order.Like I said, the food honestly was pretty good.  We had the chicken lettuce wraps which had a ton of pine nuts (yum!) and came with three delicious dipping sauces - hoisin, peanut satay, and a sweet and spicy.  We also had the chicken nachos and onion rings which were average.  The onion rings were served with your choice of dipping sauces- ranch or slightly pink ranch.  (I like to call it Ranch Rose)  I would highly suggest they develop a horseradish dipping sauce.  Overwhelmed by the beer selection, my husband asked for a recommendation, saying he usually goes for the lagers, pale ales, and amber ales, and the waitress had no clue what he should get, only that "I remember someone ordering one of the pale ales earlier and didn't like it."  Ok. . .I ordered a rum and coke, seeing as well drinks were supposed to be $4 for the happy hour special.  We got out beverages and I tasted my drink and thought the bartender screwed up and put stoli vanilla in it - my husband tasted it and agreed.  Oh well, I'm not one to complain.  When ordering our second round, I specifically emphasized "ANOTHER RUM and coke."  This time, a bus boy brought our drinks to us and handed me the glass and said "Your Captain and coke."  Here's a lesson to all the waitresses out there - when your special is $4 well drinks and your clientele doesn't specify the brand of alcohol they want, that means "well liquor."  Don't substitute it with "top shelf" liquor (if you can call Captain that) and definitely DON'T substitute regular rum with spiced rum.  "Captain and Coke" is a VERY specific drink.  "Rum and Coke" is not.  It turned from bad to worse when the kid in the booth behind us decided to toss his straw over and it hit me in the head.  I turned and scoured at the table of parents and they shrugged it off and pointed to the kid as if to say, "Oh it wasn't our fault, he was just a kid."  For all the parents reading this, if your children can't behave and you can't control them, don't bring them to happy hour.  It is NOT okay to shrug off bad behavior like that.  If it were my child, I would demand he apologize to whomever he hit.When we got the bill, I was glad to see that I was charged the full price for my "rum and cokes."  Stellar, exactly why I came to happy hour.  As we left, the place had filled in pretty well, and I saw ANOTHER stroller with a baby in it, only this time the parents were just standing around not even in seats or at the bar! (They also had a toddler who was sitting on the floor of the bar area.)  I'm sorry, I'm just appalled.  I've never seen babies saddling up to a bar before.   What if someone accidentally walked by and spilled beer on your baby?!  A bar is not a place for children, I don't care how bad you need a drink and its happy hour.
4	I went to this location last night for dinner and let me tell you, for a Monday evening it rocks!  There were scores of people, large - large dining area (you can get lost in the booths or just sit somewhere out in the open...The dish I ordered was Penne Pasta with Southwestern Chicken, sun dried tomatoes, garlic, a creamy white sauce that was just right (carbonara), and a good portion too boot!The beer ---  I had a Sierra Nevada Pale Ale- On Tap!  Oh sooo good!I give it four stars because the service was a little spotty...new hires being taught to serve, and the customer has to take the brunt of their inexperience...I was challenged for simple things like grated cheese for my pasta dish I had to ask for...and they brought the check before I was asked if there would be anything else I wanted---I actually wanted a coffee afterward!...Who'd-a-guessed!---lol   So I went to Starbuck's close to my apartment downtown....Still, I would go there again.A toast to all!
3	Yard House seems to be a good place to meet a group of people because of their huge menu, beer selection, and atmosphere conducive to talking... this location can get crowded, so depending on when you go, be prepared to wait.I'm typically not so much into chain restaurants but I've been to Yard House more than a handful of times and it's pretty consistent so I don't mind going every once in a while... the thing is, I now have a favorite item on the menu, it's the miso glazed sea bass.  When we went the other night, they were out... bummer!Our server was fine- not the most friendly, but took decent care of us.  We were a party of 6, and I wasn't the only one planning on ordering the seabass... my aunt and I were both disappointed, but what can you do?  I ended up with the shrimp and vegetable terriyaki bowl and my aunt went with the tuna tartar appetizer and edamame.  Others at the table had the scallops, the turkey burger, a steak salad, and scallop entree... Few of us were drinking that night, but we managed to have a good meal.The manager, Clem, came over to apologize for being out of seabass - that was appropriate; obviously, we knew it wasn't his fault, but the gesture was nice.  In thinking about writing this review, I have to say that I lingered between 3 and 4 stars... I ended up giving just 3 because the Yard House has become just another chain restaurant in my eyes... nothing special, the same thing every time, just plain old average!Sure, I'll be back for group meals, but I won't be rushing over on my own or on a date anytime soon. Go for a beer, go to watch a game, go to listen to some classic rock and have an average meal... and if you like seabass and it's in stock, go for it!
4	I really liked this place.  The waiter was really helpful with the beer recs, even though they were out of my first TWO choices (I'm not knocking them for that - I can't imagine the nightmare involved in keeping that much draft beer available all the time) as the list was just insane.  The food menu is big too - I kind of liked Kristin C's comparison with Cheesecake Factory - they have every kind of food you can think of.  Only this place is more obviously oriented towards young professionals - slightly cheaper, more emphasis on drinking, more hip, &c.The menu, like the decor, is full of modern touches.  I had the Mac and Cheese, not sure why, which was on the menu as "Mac and Cheese" squared, or something.  Trendy, what?  I think it was the brief mention of white truffle oil in the description.  I would rate it as solid, but not a ton of flavor.  A good Mac and Cheese - also big (furthering the Cheesecake comparisons).  Overall, it was a good experience.  It was definitely filling up after we got there around 6:30 on a Sunday evening.  The layout places the really long bar in the middle of the restaurant, with booths around the outside walls and tables filling the space between.  I think they should have gone with more booths, but it works.  Wait staff was solid - no complaints there, although our waiter who was helping us with the beer list kind of disappeared for several minutes, during which our water glasses (hey, we were trying to pace ourselves, or something) were ably filled by someone else.  I dock half a star b/c of the price, and the other half due to a slight character deficiency.  Take one leg lamp from A Christmas Story, add some original and more diverse artwork, and call me in the morning.
3	They advertise the Most Beers on Tap in town.  I can't verify that as true as I'm not from PHX, but they had at least 100 ready to pour.  I had a very tasty Chupacabra Pale Ale that was a Mexican import I've never seen before.  Looks like they have a late night happy hour, but I didn't see the details.
4	We went here early on a weekday afternoon. We were seated in a comfy booth behind a quintet of cougars. They provided all the entertainment we needed, and it was quite sad when they were cut off at 5:15pm on a Tuesday afternoon. Once they were given the no-go to more booze all hell broke loose. They were literally escorted out kicking and screaming by 4 manager/security guys. I feel bad for the kids they were probably picking up at soccer practice later that night! We had crab cakes, Miso Sea Bass, and a shrimp salad. The miso sea bass rivaled the one served at Nobu. It was so fabulous, something we weren't expecting. The salad was average and the crab cakes were served with a scrumptious citrus sauce! We were impressed with this chain and will be back!
4	I went here for a girl's night out.  We had a great time.  It was a party of 8, so they allow a call ahead 30 minutes before your arrival.  We walked right in to our table, in a very crowded Restaurant on a Saturday night.  I had a pear cider, which was really delicious.  I have been craving it again, but can't find it anywhere.  We ordered appetizers, the spinach dip, nachos.  They were pretty good.  But the chopped salad was delicious.  It comes with a tomato gazpacho dressing, which I substituted for balsamic vinaigrette.  Then I tasted the gazpacho dressing-and it was really great, I will definitely try it next time.  I love the selection of beers-and the service was great.
4	I came here w/ my girlfriend and my sister and had a few drinks, though we barely missed happy hour we had a great time. Definately try the bikini tini if you like martinis. I wouldn't recommend the bbq chicken pizza unless you like very strong bbq sauce. The calamari is good, very wide selection of beers. Is a little pricey but definately a great hangout.
4	This would be 3.5 stars, but I am giving the benefit of the doubt here. Say what you will about corporate, chain restaurants. The one thing you do get with them is consistency. Good or bad. At least you know what you are getting into. With that being said, I really enjoy the Yard House! Yes, an exclamation point. The place has about 100 beers on tap to choose from. There is definitely something for everyone. They have all of my usual favs and some I have even gone out on a limb to try. The servers I have had have always been pretty knowledgeable about the beers and offer recommendations. I have had several dishes here as well. If you like Mac & Cheese try theirs. It is a huge portion, has lots of cheese, bacon, and mushrooms. So it can't be bad. The Ahi Tuna Melt is good, with sweet potato fries. Spinach and Artichoke dip is good. Crab and lobster dip, although they do skimp a little on the lobster. Overall, I would say the food is above average and the service has always been great. They have a ton of TVs with different sports and will even change channels if you are looking for a particular game. The Desert Ridge location does have one drawback: San Felipe's just moved in next door. So if you are here after about 9PM, you get the nice thumping from the noisy neighbor.
4	When I was a drinker I would have given this place 5 stars but now that i'm not all I can give for now is 4. Which is still good, especially for a corporate chain restaurant.I have to say on every occasion I have been here I have always had a good experience. The food was always good and service consistent. When I accompany my beer drinking friends to the bar the bartender is always helpful and friendly. My favorite items are the turkey pot pie and chop salad. I wish I could order both in one sitting but the gigantic portions keep me from over indulging in the goodness.
4	I have been a fan of the Yard House for years, how could you not love a place with over 100 beers on tap? While I love the food, things do seem a little bit pricey. I highly recommend going during Happy Hour, because you get half off all appetizers and discounted pints (and their portions are huge, so you could easily fill up on one appetizer). My favorite is their spicey tuna roll (warning: it doesn't look like your typical sushi but it's oh, so delicious!)
3	how many beers on tap again? WOW!--anyplace that takes 75 feet to enter, walkway flanked on one side by windows looking at keg after keg of beer on tap, the other side by open view of the kitchen has my vote. i don't care that it's a chain. get me some of that!--very very busy at happy hour and in evenings.--great service. always friendly, efficient and few details missed.Don't miss:--spicy tuna roll--steaks (send it back if it's not to your liking, it'll be RIGHT the second time)--beer samples--grilled cheese; ask for avocado and basil.--great french fries!
4	I asked my buddy where I could acquire a delicious dark beer last night, and immediately was told to get to the Yard House because they serve at least 100 different beers from all over the world. I had also never been here before, so there was no argument from me.. I saw the Chocolate Stout on the menu and BAM, my mind was made up. It was such a perfect decision too.. definitely recommend trying it. Being adventurous, I also had their Orange Blossom Cream Ale and a Lindeman's Framboise. Interesting combination I know, but YUM. Onto the food -  we started with the Grilled Korean BBQ beef, (boneless beef short ribs marinated in garlic, soy and brown sugar with jasmine rice, sesame spinach, carrots, bean sprouts and green onions) - very good, great flavor, nice portion, could even be ordered as your main course IMO. For my entree I had the Mushroom Lettuce Wraps, (stir fried, smoked tofu, pine nuts and green onions with three dipping sauces and shiitake & portabella mushrooms), also very good, and healthy!! My friend ordered the Parmesan Crusted Chicken which had a mushroom sauce, sun-dried tomatoes and garlic mashed potatoes. Not my first choice, but it was very tasty and the mashed potatoes were so creamy, my mouth is watering thinking about them! For Dessert I had the Youngberry Chocolate which is Lindeman's Framboise & Young's chocolate Stout together (since both were delicious, I had to try them together, naturally). Prices ranged from reasonable to pretty expensive, the drinks were definitely in the very expensive range, as reflected in our well over $100 tab.. I will definitely be returning for happy hour one of these days for the lower drink prices. Service was great, bathrooms were super clean, all in all, I am a fan!!
5	One Liner: 100 Beers On Tap!Food: (scale of 0-4) 3.2Anything that starts with 100 beers on tap automatically gets 3 stars before I even get into the food. The food was great. First of all, the firecracker wings had one of the most creative sauce that was sweet sour with a nice kick at the end. Then comes the Chilean sea bass. It was perfectly cooked with a soy based sauce on it. The baby bokchoys were also nicely done. Consuming this food while trying one beer after another, you just can't beat that even in 120 degree heat.Extras: (Scale of 0-1)  0.9Service 0.2: Decor 0.2: Speed 0.2: Dessert 0.2: Forget about desserts, just drink! Prices 0.1: My score for this experience is 4.1 stars.Since I always have such a good time here, we will just round it up, slightly.
5	Took my son, Mike here for his 21st birthday and first drink (lol).  We sat in the patio area.  Everything was great.  I love the selection of beer and had to try quite a few.  My other son, Steve, ordered a gin martini with a twist and they even came back and asked if he wanted a twist of lime or lemon.  Attention to detail was great from the bar.  The appetizers were great and so was dinner.  This was the perfect choice for the occasion.  I wanted something above a bar or a Fridays (I love Fridays so don't get me wrong), but I did not want a Mortons (which I also love).  I highly recommend Yard House.
5	while in AZ visiting friends i was introduced to the yard house. wow! i wish there was one in michigan. this place was amazing. i couldn't stop staring at the bar. i wanted to try them all!the beer menu is slightly overwhelming however i managed. i chose a flight to start out and because i have never 'tasted' beer before. it was quite fun and there were some interesting brews. i was not a fan of the apricot beer and the apple cider was ok at first but then got to be too much. the one beer i did enjoy was the breckenridge agave wheat (i'm pretty sure that's what it was called i had to google it). it was excellent. i ordered the avocado swiss burger which was amazing and the fries were killer. i tasted some sweet potato fries which really really good, i will have to order my own next time!
3	Hungry while shopping so stopped in here for a bite to eat.The good: Surf and Turf Burger.....who would have thought to put lobster and asparagus in a burger....surprisingly it works and if I were reviewing the burger alone I would give it 5 stars.Beer Selection...AMAZING....I think I read somewhere it has the most beers on tap anywhere in Phoenix and judging by what I saw this has to be correct! ..... Correction... just viewed their website and they claim to have the World's Largest Selection of Draft Beer!...pretty impressive.Music....classic rock....very niceThe service....very fast and friendlyThe not so good: Pork Sandwich...not tasty at all....too much Pork....and the combinations just don't really workThe fries.....pretty hard to make tasteless fries....but they are hereWe still plan on going back as the menu has some original ideas....and am very curious about them.This does seem like a very popular spot too....looking around halfway through our meal we could not see a single empty table. So maybe once you know what to order it is not such a bad spot.*****Highly recommend the Scottish Ale that my husband ordered....definitely a five star Ale
4	I live in north Phoenix and believe me there needs to be a lot more quality dining out here. This is a gem. The atmosphere is tops. The food is consistent. The management actually cares. It's just a cool place all the way around! A lot of corporate establishments seem to yank popular things off the menu cause it's just not trendy anymore. Every single thing I have had at this place was delicious! Not one other restaurant has pulled that off. A place you can actually count on for a good evening. High five to the Yard house!
4	I'm pretty anti-chain, but Yard House has avoided my chain restaurant black-list. They have a wide variety of food and beers on their menu. I had been with friends several times and hadn't found any dish that stood out, then I went with one friend who suggested the turkey burger.... Jackpot! Turkey burgers can sometimes be kind of bland wannabe burgers. Not this one at Yard House. It's seasoned really well and comes with a delicious roasted tomato, melty mozzarella cheese and garlic aioli. I don't even particularly like tomatoes or mayonaise-based products, but this burger is delicious! Yard House has a little something for everyone on their drink menu. They serve Lindeman's Framboise (a total girly-beer), somewhat of a rare find at restaurants, so it's a special treat to go have a glass.
4	A chain restaurant at its peak form. Every Yard House that I've been to has been consistent in its delivery and quality from service to food. Yard House is probably most well known in the areas that it serves for its world-class on-tap beer selection. There really are too many to count, I'd guess close to 100 different beers from all over the world and varied in styles and flavors. Coming in to a Yard House, you'll stroll by their windowed massive refrigerator where all the kegs are kept frostily chilled. It's a sight to behold for any beer lover and few places rival.But Yard House is not just a bar, it's an excellent full-service restaurant that excels in wide-variety of foods to pair with your selected beer. From appetizers which include a very untraditional Spicy Tuna Roll and excellent, meaty chicken wings to their large sandwiches (Cuban Pork Sandwich is great!) and seafood dishes that include a fantastically prepared Ginger-Crusted Salmon, they do have something for everybody. Prices are affordable for what you get and portions are usually enough to have a little to take home for the next day.The Yard House is less about one specific thing that sticks in your mind after dining there. It's more about the experience as a whole. The beers flow, the food is eaten and fun is had. I could go over a huge list of things I've had there an enjoyed thoroughly, but it's less important than the general feeling I'm trying to convey that the atmosphere and quality of the Yard House make it a winner anytime no matter what you feel like ordering.
4	I got to meet up with Mandy and Anju , two lovely friends that I hadn't seen in forever, and we decided to go to Yard House as it has some pretty good happy hour specials. We go there just in time as happy hour was ending in 15 mins. We were seated immediately and ordered pretty quickly so that we could get those happy hour prices. We were pretty bummed that we were not allowed to order two drinks each those, (darn AZ laws) but end in the end it didn't matter because we could barely finish one. Sad, sad, sad lol.We ordered a ton of stuff. Classic sliders, chicken nachos, spinach cheese dip and moo shu egg rolls. WOW! This is what happens when you go somewhere and you are hungry and your eyes are definitely bigger than your stomach. My favorite were the sliders and the moo shu egg rolls. I had two sliders and one egg roll and they were both pretty good. The nachos and the dip were also tasty and we did end up with alot of food leftover, even after we made a nice dent in all of it. Note to readers, Yard house portions are pretty big, which is never a bad thing!It was a great evening with two fabulous ladies that I hadn't seen in awhile. Get there early so that you can enjoy happy hour. It's well worth it.
3	I really liked my meal at the Yard House. I had a turkey cheese burger, and it was phenomenal. However, when the meal prices and appetizer prices are the same, there is a problem Houston. I am sorry but apps should be WAY cheaper than the actual meal. And honestly the food is good, but not that good. Even the burgers were at least $12-15 price range. I do not think that is fair, especially for what is a chain restaurant. I am not saying that I would never go back, but it would not be my first place of choice to go for a meal. Again if I am going to spend this much the food better be phenomenal. The service was not bad, the food came out in a reasonable amount of time as we had an extremely large party. Really, there is no reason for their sandwiches and burgers to be outrageous. I don't like beer but I always think breweries are very cool, and most of the guys that I was with drink beer and seem to like it. Food was good but I was not blown away. Spend your money wisely kids! You could have had a four- five star review if this was more reasonable. Good food does not need to be over priced, Amen.
4	My picks:Pomegranate PressBBQ Chicken SaladChicken Enchilada Stack(Mac & Cheese)2The Mac & Cheese has white truffle oil and applewood smoked bacon.Their happy hour is the way to go.   Specials on on martinis, beer and select pizzas & appetizers.  Happy hour  from 3-6 p.m. Monday-Friday and reverse happy hour 10 p.m.-midnight Sunday-Thursday.Consistently a winner.  Its great to take a group because they have such a large menu. Plus their music kicks ass!
4	Upsides:I wanted to try this restaurant because they supposedly have the biggest selection of draft beers.  Who wouldn't want to try that?  Anyways we sat outside and this place has a nice layout.  The server was very pleasant and helpful.  The beer was wonderful.  I ordered an Eclipse which is Blue Moon & Guiness which sounds kind of nasty, but it is soooo good.  Very smooth.  Also discovered two new favorites, Purple Haze (rasberry wheat) & Sea Dog Bluepaw Wheat (Blueberry wheat).  Wheat beer lovers DREAM.  Loved it.  Will come back for food one of these days!Downsides:Thought it was weird that they had to get the manager to check my ID because I was from out of state.  Whatever.  Also didn't like that they charged a dollar for their beer samples.  Who does that? The inside was a little dark too- need a little light to eat your food?  sit outside.
3	Food here is for the most part pretty good.  A couple dishes I could totally do without, but they are few and far between.  The chicken penne pasta and the mac n cheese are pretty darn good. Seared ahi and crab dip are delicious.  Pizzas and pastrami sliders are yummy. Crab cakes are pretty disappointing as is the fruit cobbler.  The ice cream sundae and chocolate souffle (even though it shrunk by 75% in the past 2 years) are winners in my book.  Beer selection is vast and the martinis are awesome.I really only try to go here for happy hour though because a girls night out or a date on non happy hour prices can get pretty damn expensive pretty fast, especially for a chain restaurant in a mall.
3	Went to @YardHouse tonight, after seeing Robin Hood.Had a Chimay for the first time. Not really impressed.Ordered the bearnaise sliders.WTF is up with that bearnaise? Not a traditional bearnaise. Not bad, but not great.Fries were good.Music was a bit loud; had to almost yell to be heard two barstools away.Been there before. Will probably go back again, since they do have a nice selection of beers and ales.
4	I get a call on Thursday: "Dude, I just got fired from UOP, we have to celebrate!" If it was from anyone else but Ryan, I would have been shocked. However, he hated his job and we love Yard House, so I was definitely down to have some "FU UOP" drinks up at Desert Ridge.Yard House has been one of our main spots for years. Right off the bat, the Happy Hour is fantastic; 100+ beers on tap, including some of AZ's finest and a couple amazing international brews. The servers usually do a great job of suggesting drinks as well. Traditionally I "cleanse the palate" with a Warsteiner Pilsner and roll from there. Friday night, I tipped back a few Kiltlifters as well, all brought in well frosted pint glasses.The food has been pretty fantastic across the board. Personally, you can't go wrong with Firecracker Wings (sweet and very spicy wings) and the Spinach Dip. Their seared ahi appetizer and Caesar salad are both fantastic, with the ahi always perfectly cooked. The Southern Fried Chicken Breast is likely the best meal, though my pal is a huge fan of the Cuban Dip.The one potential drawback is the service isn't always fast. Honestly, if you are going to relax and enjoy time with your friends, it's great. Beer glasses don't stay empty too long, waters get refilled (we only sit on the patio), and the food usually comes out before you get too hungry. Just understand that the joint gets busy for happy hour and you will enjoy the experience. Give me a call if you ever want to share some FU beers!
3	A pretty extensive beer selection, not bad, for North Scottsdale.
4	The Yard House would be a solid 5 stars if they wouldn't be so greedy and charge $6 for a Shiner Bock ($4 at Rustler's Rooste).I had the ribs and they were excellent. Although I don't see the need to serve the ribs on a plate that is about 500 degrees fahrenheit. People do eat ribs with their hands. A pinto bean dish and creamed corn came with the ribs, very tasty. Anyways, my wife had this Korean Pork or Beef  Appetizer that was ample enough to be an entree. Her plate was spotless, enuf said. Our tab was over $60 (included 2 Shiner Bocks). A tad expensive, but a delicious meal. A nice place to go for people watching and grabbing a great meal once or twice a year.
5	Very attentive service and very good food.  Also, I was impressed that the iced tea was nice and fresh.  So I am a dork and didn't try the steak or any of the beers.  I had a grilled cheese sandwich that was a gourmet masterpiece and every cheese lovers dream.  The sandwich came with a delicious tomato soup.  Also, split the artichoke crab dip.  It was good too.  I am looking forward to returning to try some beer and enjoy guy-watching.
3	I couldn't decide if I should give 3 or 4 stars and I docked two stars for these two reasons: They are just a chain restaurant and they charge too much for a pint of beer, $6 is too much in my eyes, especially if there is nothing special about it. And, I was told that they don't allow smoking on the patio at this location or the one at Glendale Westgate. Well, there is a bar right next door San Felipe and they allow smoking and it was still drifting over in the diners direction so I don't agree why you can't smoke on the patio. Isn't it enough that they baned smoking inside?The Southwest Chicken salad was MORE than enough and was delicious as well as the macadamia nut cheese cake which was given to us on the house. The reason being was that the size of the cake slice was smaller than usual and the manager thought it wouldn't be right to sell a small slice for the $6.95 they charge. When the "small" slice was brought to the table Gratis it was still big enough that we had to struggle to finish it. So yes it was awesome!
3	The real draw here is the staggering selection of beers. You'd have to go bar hopping half the night to find all these brews.  I go for some of the lighter brews, and they have a bunch of tasty choices. Unfortunately, they don't set up tasters. If you're at the bar, the bartender might be persuaded to let you sample something in a shot glass, but I'd like for them to  get some "flights" together, like Rock Bottom does. My gripe is that the food is way overpriced. It's good, however I've noticed that the portions can be somewhat small. My last visit was as a guest of someone with a gift card, but our pasta entrees were ON THE MOON at over $20. Two stars for the beer, one for the service.
4	I went here for a work event one time. Was a pretty good experience. The waitress was very friendly and knowledgeable (her name was Acacia in case someone reads this give her credit). This place has a great beer selection and carry one of my favorites (Left Hand Brewery Milk Stout). The appetizers and desserts were very good. I had the creme brulee, at the waitresses recommendation and it complimented my beer perfectly. Definitely worth checking out. Was very well made. Also another good beer to try here is the Young's Double Chocolate Stout, was pretty solid. Only downside i could see for some people is the pricing for drinks could add up quick, however i don't so much mind paying a higher price for a good brew and nice environment.
3	We''ve been to the Yard House several times, for a snack, lunch and dinner, and it's usually because of convenience rather than as a specific destination.  We're not beer drinkers, so if you're reading for an opinion on the beer, this review will disappoint you!I'm waivering between giving this place a two or three star review.  Two because it is so loud, if you go with people, you can't hear the conversation over the other people and the TVs blasting the games.  Three because the food is decent, nothing fancy, and maybe a little over-priced.  But, they have a huge vegetarian selection on the menu.  Favorite picks -- the lettuce wraps with the shiitake and portobello mushrooms, the Chinese Garlic Noodles, the Chicken Garlic Noodles, and the burgers.  The fries that come with sandwiches and burgers are delightfully thin and crispy, and plentiful!  I tried a new Martini this weekend and I'd give it an A++ -- Black Orchid . . . full of flavor, not too sweet, and definitely not on the shy side with the vodka!Yardhouse at Desert Ridge is a great place for pre- or post-movie dining.  The patio seating is great for people-watching on a beautiful day. The wait on the weekends is tolerable.  The servers are friendly, although the pacing of the meal can be rather quick.  Fine dining, it ain't, but what it does, it does without any major hiccups.
4	Did you know that Yard House has a whole menu section for faux-meat? Well, they do - a fun fact that I learned the last time I went there for food not just drinks! Really, this place is quite veggie friendly!The Pro's:-- Extensive number of vegetarian options. My favorite was the onion rings....so good!-- Extensive beer menu - they pretty much have anything you would want on draft or in bottles.-- They have an all night Happy Hour for Monday Night Football. You really can't go wrong there-- For serving a group of 16-20 people, they did a great job refilling drinks and getting our food out.-- There is plenty of parking and other things going on in Desert Ridge. Great location.The Con's:-- This location can be loud...but that can be a plus too.-- I didn't love my Veggie Spicy Chicken Sandwich. I'll have to try something else out.I'll definitely be going back to the Yard House.
3	I agree with some of the reviewers, this place can be really loud.  I have been there several times only because it is convenient before or after the movies.  The food is ok, not horrible, not cuisine.  The drinks could be better.
3	Gotta love the beer selection. The restaurant itself - very cool. Food mediocre but hey - they got all that beer.
4	This rating is due to the beer selection not the food.  While the food is ok, it is standard chain restaurant food.  The beer selection though really makes up for what it lacks in food.  It is a great place to stop by before going to a movie.
4	Came out with some friends for dinner.  If you go to any of the Yard House restaurants you're probably going to have the same experience.... it's loud but the food is good and beer selection is awesome.  I had the turkey burger which was really really good.  You won't leave here hungry, that's for sure.  My only issue is with the beer prices.  Both of my friends ordered beer and it ended up costing more than the food!  Dinner for 3 = $80.  Considering I only had water and a $11 burger but ended up footing 1/3 the bill because it was so expensive.Bottom line- I like the food but my wallet can't handle coming here on a regular basis.
4	First thing, Beer, mmm it's good to have so many choices in one place.  I love the atmosphere when you walk into the place they have a clear glass viewing room to see all the Kegs.  You literally see hundreds of these babies locked down and ready to share in pure awesomeness.  I've been here at least three times in the past six months and my all time favorite is the ECLIPSE, black and tan with  * Blue Moon & Guinness Stout. Yeah it's kinda the bomb.  Anyways whatever kind of beer you like, except malt liquor is avail here.  I've tried the pizza, it was alright but nothing I'd order again, but the truffle fries are so good.  I did order those for dinner once by themselves, and will do it again thinking about it now.  Just a warning though, check your bill, sometimes they include gratuity already.
4	This is one of my favorites. I know its a chain but if you want hip go rent Wim Wenders and read your Noam Chomsky. This place is for beer lovers!with over 100 beers on tap your pallette is never deprived and the knowledgeable, friendly staff that appreciates a good brew.The menu is not typical bar food. They got this sushi app that can be a meal. Usually busy yet still quick service and your mug will stay full for your needs.Enjoy!!
4	Yardhouse has many, many taps of good craft beer.  Food is always fairly good and service as well.  Also not much riff-raff at this place, almost as if it has some special power to keep the WT away.  So, I love it.  Prices a little high though.
4	The food is good, and they really do a great job offering a lot of vegetarian choices.  They also have a lot of really good beers.  Nothing too out of the ordinary though, and I wish they'd put a little more effort into seeking out new beers.  They have a few seasonals they rotate in but even they are pretty mainstream - Sam Adams Seasonal, etc.  I also think it's pretty expensive. 2 people who eat and have a few drinks can get up to $100.But they do have a lot of TV's for sports.  All in all, a pretty good place.
3	I liked their fried calamari appetizer.Fresh and crispy.I had the jambalaya with rice (lunch special)Its alright, its just sauce and sausage, shrimp, crawfish spread on top of steamed rice.I would much prefer my rice to be seasoned and fried with the ingredients/sauce but I guess its just a personal preference.The server was robotic, he hardly ever smiled.Dr. Build-A-Bot forgot to program his robots to have facial expressions.But the manager went around saying hi to everybody which was kinda cool
4	SO MUCH BEER!If you are trying to be a purveyor of micro beers and local made beers..this would be the place.Been here twice..had such a great time. Bar: nice and pretty.Place: Loud but enjoyablePrice:  Take some cash to make things easierrrr....like 50 to make it a good time.R|_
5	I gave it 5 stars because from start to finish it was an excellent experience. We ordered the lobster dip, SO GOOD and the egg rolls to start off with. Shared the lobster hamburger, to die for. Beers were delish, I believe I got the Blue Moon and some sort of pomegranate beer. YUM! For dessert we ordered the brownie and ice-cream YUM~ I will be back. Our waitress was AWESOME!
4	4 stars for service and my beer 3-3.5 for food.....I have come to love Yard House for their beer selection and variety.  I mostly have come to love many of their beer blends.  I had an old favorite there which was a Wyders Peach Cider mixed with Pyramid Apricot Ale.  Oh man soo good.  On my most recent trip I discovered they don't carry the peach cider any more and I love a light summer fruity beer for lunch especially.  So as a lover of Lambics I decided on the Rose Garden a blend of Framboise and Hoegaarden White.  Ahh I had to stop at 3. Although I could have had more they were light tasty and refreshing without the sweet richness that the Framboise alone can be. The food...it's good....not great but there is surely something on the menu for everyone.   It can be a bit pricy my friend and I had 3 beers each and lunch and it was $67 without tip. Averaging about $6 per beer and $15 per entre.  [He had the steak sandwich and I had the poke bowl appetizer and edamame]
4	We went here on a soggy Saturday evening. Didn't have many other options since we were all craving different foods. The one thing we all wanted was a good pint! Yard house definitely has the best selection of local/national beers on tap as well as bottled. I had a local Papago Orange blossom and my friends tried the Rose Gaarden. All were really good and something we can't find at most places. The place was busy at 9pm and we had to wait about 10 minutes at the bar. There are lots of flat screens around to catch your favorite sports team. For dinner, my friends split the spicy chicken sandwich with sides of tomato soup. I had the turkey burger. Everything came out in large portions and was very satisfying! The turkey burger was well seasoned and had great sauce on it. The fries were the thin cut ones that make you feel less guilty eating them even though you end up eating more! Service was great, even though it was pretty busy. I'd definitely come back for happy hour or during football season. They offer happy hour all evening on monday night football nights!
3	Had to wait 45 minutes to get seated on a Saturday night.  Liked the beer flight.  Cheap way to sample an assortment of beers.Had the veggie burger Hawaiian style.  Didn't care much for the gardein meat product they use.  The fries were decent.  When I checked the calorie count after I could not believe how many calories and fat were packed into my meal.
4	Good but pricey food, hard rock music, 100 taps of beer that are mostly craft, and decent service too.  Booths are nice and large.  No real wait at the bar during lunch hour.  Gardein vegetarian items are tasty.
2	So.... this place is ridiculously overpriced. I went last night with the Bf and a couple friends. We wanted to get a couple beers and have some food. First of all, they do not list any prices for beers.... I think they should probably do that considering how ridiculously expensive their beer is. We asked the server for prices and she said 'They start around 4$ and then go up from there depending on the beer with an average of around 6$' Well... that's not really so helpful. I ordered the rose gaarden which is hoegaarden mixed with framboise lambic... it was good, until I found out it was almost 9$..... for a beer? What? That is the most expensive beer I have ever had. Our food was alright, but also ridiculously priced. I got the summer salad (strawberries, avocado, romaine, mandarin oranges from a can and balsamic). It was fine, but pretty small for a 9$ appetizer salad. Oh and if you want chicken on it, it's an extra 5$ or so.... that must be some amazing chicken. You can't get an entree salad or sandwich for less than 10$. I did get a cup clam chowder too, and it was not great and kind of luke warm when I got it... meh. Everyone else got sandwiches and said they were fine, but nothing special. I feel like just because the place has a lot of beers on tap does not mean they should charge double what anywhere else sells the same beers for. So anyway, for a sandwich, a salad, and 5 beers, our bill came out to about 65$. That will never ever happen again. I could go to a nice local non-chain restaurant in the valley and get better food for that kind of money, which is what I suggest everyone does.
4	Went here on mothers day with a party of 10. We called ahead to try and get a reservation and they would not accept....a little odd, but we showed up anyway. We were seated promptly and immediately offered drinks. The waitress, Jenny, seemed to be attentive and didn't let our drinks go. I drink A LOT of iced tea and measure my service by how long my glass sits empty, how much ice, etc. So, in this regards, huge points with me.The food also came out promptly and was well made. Clam chowder was GREAT and steaks were really good.Overall, we had a great experience, but it was weird that we were not offered any dessert....Kids portions are huge (too much) and the adult sized portions were more than enough.
4	Dear Yard House,Myself largely being a patron of independently owned eateries, you tarnish my semi-conscientious restaurant going habits by luring me into your chain establishment. Over and over again.Had you not so many varied and delicious ales, stouts, lagers, and lambics on your taps, were your onion rings not served in a veritable ring toss of obscene heights, did your happy hour not make me quite so happy, then maybe, MAYBE I could resist your heated/cooled patio so perfectly poised for people watching.Alas, your Cuban pork dip sandwich begs to be shared. Your chicken nachos beckon me softly. Even your sliders (regular, turkey, or Korean BBQ) sing out my name in a trio of tiny voices; I cannot resist their siren song.I am a ruined woman.Unfailingly Yours,Lori Pros: Great happy hour, M-F, 3-6, reverse happy hour S-Thur, 10-midnight. People watching patio (I like to guess what movies people are going to see based on appearances), friendly service, unmatched beer list.Cons: Wait can be lengthy at prime times, service can be slow when busy. Chain:(
4	Great draft beer selection, friendly & knowledgeable staff.
4	One of the most frustrating layouts of a restaurant I've ever been to. Two "front" doors, bathrooms placed too far away from the bar and the dining area, strange patio layout.FOOD: Possibly the best French onion soup I've had in Phoenix. The burger wasn't earth shattering, but was good.
4	What more could an Irishman ask for? 100 beers on tap? DONE! Not just the beer, but get happy from 3-6pm with select appetizers and pizza.Here are my fav's: Bernaise sliders and chicken lettuce raps. The pizza is also good. I have had the tai chicken, bbq and hawaiian. Me likes the hawaiian the best. For entree, I like the scalopes over orzo pasta. The size is a bit small, but packs a punch of flavor. 70's rock..
3	Skip the Spicy Chicken Sandwich. The cheesy flatbread is too dry and overpowers the sandwich.
5	About so good as it gets for Happy Hour, and, unfortunately, I had stuffed myself on some leftover hummus before coming so didn't partake.  No, yelpers, I just sat there and drooled silently while I watched my comrades wolfing down sliders (3 with a huge heaping of fries along with it, plus, a big slice of pickle) and a huge serving of tuna roll, a huge serving of everything they got all at half price.  So, dis is de place when you go to Desert Ridge for that movie at AMC.Wow...all I can say is next time I come here around happy hour (3-6), I'm coming hungry!Updating this:  I have been to many happy hours around town by now, and--for the money--I can say the Yard House is the BEST there is.  I don't want to spend $11 on an appetizer during happy hour at Eddie V's, so $6-7 for some item just so delicious can be had at the Yard House.Nope, this is my fav for now!
4	I'm a fan of the Yard House, so when I saw that there was a location at the Desert Ridge Mall, I had to stop by for lunch.  I ordered some Sliders & Fries and a pint of Green Flash IPA:http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/p9v9Sl2g_ibaajWvO0NjkQ?select=sy9P0ShsAXZrv2H-CVje9ghttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/p9v9Sl2g_ibaajWvO0NjkQ?select=9i6Nv0PT-Uye96zJrz8W3Ahttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/p9v9Sl2g_ibaajWvO0NjkQ?select=uK60mVysXfTVfvznGgsozghttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/p9v9Sl2g_ibaajWvO0NjkQ?select=4AbpvM3j4KJYChtYIz-SFwThe Sliders & Fries were pretty good.  You get a stack of 4 Sliders and a pile of Fries.  The IPA went down smooth with the meal...yum!Was there during lunch hour on a Saturday, so the wait was short dining at the bar alone.  One of the best things about dining at the bar is that your glass is never empty.....Return Factor - 90%
2	Loud, dark and expensive.  Enjoyed my snakebite (a pear ale and lager mix).  My husband's beer was flat.
4	I've always been a fan of the food and drinks at Yard House but the service is always slow so I don't come here often. We ordered  a pepper jack burger and fish and chips. I was disappointed with my burger but lucky for me my sister offered some of her fish and chips they were so delicious it inspired me to write this review! I think fish and chips is an acquired taste. People who eat it don't like it they LOVE it. So if you're a fish and chips fan come to Yard House you won't be disappointed!
3	i actually would give this place 2 1/2 if I could. (COME ON YELP LET US GIVE 1/2 STARS!!!)I think the presentation of the place is nice, and it is fun to come in a group for happy hour, but I think that in general it is over priced. In addition food that should be amazing just isn't.  I have had most of the things on their menu.Eh.. Fun for a date but no so fun if you are a foodie.
4	This place has an amazing selection of BEER! too many to choose from,but thats nothing to complain about, there is something there for everyone. Ya the beer is overpiced and the food is too. The ambience is great though and has a lively up beat feeling inside so it makes you feel good right away, a nice place to eat while the kids prefer too stroll around the mall or see a movie. I would definately go back :)
3	Went after happy hour, that was a mistake.  The happy hour menu and prices are great.  The kids meal (12 and under) is the same size as the adult meal, plus drink and desert.  If you go, go at happy hour and take your kids.  You can feed the whole family for a great price.
5	We happened upon this location when meeting a friend for dinner.  When I showed up there was a line of about 20 people ahead of me.  i asked them to put me in first available and they said 15-20min and then 45min for a booth.Ok, I'll wait.Our friends showed up and my girlfriend had asked if there was a spot at the bar we could sit in the mean time.  We were there for about 10min already.  That's when she said to us. "Your table inside is ready"  she walked us right there and we were sat.  WOW!  that was quick!We ordered drinks and food.  I got these jerk chicken wings for an appetizer and holy cow, they were delicious.  For my main dish I ordered a garlic noodle dish.  It definitely hit the spot.  My only beef would be that it was hard to talk with so many people inside.  I wont let that affect the rating though.Awesome place!
4	I mostly just go here when I want a good beer and don't want to pay $22 for a 6-pack of hand selected beers at Total Wine. Love the beer selection since I am a big time beer fan. Love the Rogue Hazelnut Brown, Sunshine Wheat and Murphy's. Food is pretty good too, I love shoestring fries so when I want to splurge i'll order something with the fries or steal some from whoever is with me. I ordered the BBQ Bacon Cheddar Burger last time (medium rare). The meat wasn't cooked medium rare and it kept falling apart while holding it. I don't know if they just forgot to put something in the meat to keep it together but it was annoying trying to eat a burger with meat falling onto the place while you eat it. The BBQ sauce is pretty tasty but it comes on the side and is very runny so you need to pour the sauce onto each bite of the burger unless you're fine with BBQ sauce running out onto your hands and plate. I've had other dishes here which have been pretty good but the prices keep me from coming back to eat unless I get a gift card for this place. I just will stick with beer
5	Yard House is the place that my fam goes 90% of the time when we go out to eat... My hubby and I love love love the Classic Cheeseburger! Hands down, no joke, the BEST hamburger either of us has ever had! Their appetizers are delish! We love the nachos (minus beans) but be careful not to ruin your dinner cuz they are humongo. They have a wide variety of foods, all delicious! We have never had bad service here either. Mmm,mmm,mmm good!
4	ok for you beer fans!!! the yard house is on POINT!! if you want it you'll most likely find it. now the food is good. but then again when i went in i was starving and i think the south end of a north bound bull would have been just fine with me. The tender was really helpful and had a great knowledge of the selection. But i was a creature of habit, and went with a Guinness! wings, and football on saturday afternoon..
5	Wow, so it goes without saying they have a great beer selection.  The open kitchen is always welcomed as I like seeing the cleanliness.  I have been here weekly for years now, and they added a new item Street Tacos.    No doubt a response to the ever popular food truck cooking shows.  However I have to say they are the best tacos I have ever eaten, ever!  There is a traditional Carnitas which writes the book on good fresh street food, and the Korean with the red pepper threads and feta cheese(?) yes feta, and teh Chicken Tinga which is something I could live on, a shredded chicken in a creamy Sriracha sauce with carots and feta cheese on top of a soft 4" tortilla.  It isn't for the faint of heart as the sauce made my wife cry but for the adventurous or the heat seeker it is amazing!  Everything here is good except the Poke Stack mushy flavorless group appetizer.  Burgers are awesome, crab cake sandwich best in town, fish and chips great batter large portion, and always crisp crust and juicy meat.Kids meals are generous enough to share, and real food not prepackaged excuses for a lower cost, the Mac n Cheese is real and fit for adults as well.
3	Yard House is a beer lover's dream.  Their enormous offerings of countless draught beers can be overwhelming.  There is definitely something for everyone in that department.  The food is average, eyt tasty.
3	Impressive Beer Selection. We did have an issue with our order but the manager made it right. Kudos.  This place does get busy and does get loud.  Be prepared to wait a bit for a table but don't worry - if you are out on the town for a good time, you'll definitely have one here.If you are speed shopping in Desert Ridge, you might get a little impatient.
4	I really enjoy the Yard House.  Excellent selection of beer to say the least.  Big menu with lots of interesting choices including some great vegetarian selections.  What I've had so far:Pear and blue cheese salad - outstandingSpicy salad - awesomeVeggie burger sliders with Bearnaise to dip them in - deliciousEdamame - great Chips and guac - excellentGrilled artichoke w/fresh made chips - THE BEST!My husband has tried a few varieties of their boneless wings and he's hooked as well.  Very busy and loud, they crank classic rock and have a million TV's going but it's good for lunch or if you have a group that wants to go out and have a good loud time.  Service can be slow but it's always so jammed I can't really blame them.
2	Nice big beer selection but the food wasn't so great (spicy tuna roll and California roll are not what you expect and don't really taste as one would expect either).
5	The staff was friendly and helpful ( printed us directions to a nearby mall that had a Dick's Sporting Goods). The food was all outstanding...we had chicken nachos, the BBQ sauce they used on the nachos was really tasty. I had the Poke Stack which was fresh and the wasabi/soy sauce had the perfect amount of kick, my wife had a summer salad with grilled chicken that she said was excellent. I sampled 2 draft beers, a local brew (Four Peaks Kilt Lifter) which was pretty good and an always reliable Smithwicks.
4	Once you've been to one Yard House you've pretty much been to all the other ones. This location compared to the one I've been to before was a lot more laidback and chill. It didn't have that 'place to see and be seen' kind of vibe like the Yard House in San Jose's Santana Row has. This is more of a location to catch a game and catch up with friends in a casual environment.Like all other Yard House's, they have a wide selection of beer and great appetizers perfect for sharing. Service was great and our server gave us great recommendations and always came by to check on us, which is always a plus in my book!Can't go wrong with Yard House!
3	It's fine, it's a Yard House. Service is fine, food is fine and the beer's on tap are cold.
3	Came here for dinner - the food was pretty decent and the service was very prompt and friendly.  I've been to other locations before and enjoyed the experience as well.  May come back to try other dishes and see if they get a bit more *exciting* or if it continues to just be standard fare.
4	Awesome selection of beers!  Really great food.  Pricey but worth it!
5	Great atmosphere. Good food. Good service. Great for any occasion really... Simplicity in its best.
4	I am a regular at Yard house and dont have too much to complain about - the beer is good and there is a very diverse selection - the food is also good for a bar and grill type place - unfortunately, this typically reflects in the bill. Lunch for two can easily exceed 80 bucks..If that is no big deal, the Yard house patio is a great location for lunch or dinner..
4	Out and about in Desert Ridge with a friend, we decided to try the Yardhouse. I'd heard great things, but was really impressed when we actually arrived. Obviously the beer selection was incredible. I'm a big IPA drinker and was very impressed that the bartender could make legitimate recommendations based on what I had said I liked. Also, as a recent transplant here from the East Coast, I was curious to sample some West Coast beers I hadn't tried before. Plenty to choose from. Definitely impressive. Not that we were there for food, but we had lettuce wraps during happy hour that were great!
4	This chain is doing it right.  Its a great place for a larger group and the variety of drinks is perfect.  The truffle mac and cheese is one of the best I have had.  Its very creamy and always consistent in great taste.  If you want to hit up a chain this is one to check out.
1	Matthew L on the patio is the worst server ever!  We went on Saturday and got really bad food (cold, stale) and received horrible service (had to track down waiter to order, no refills, never came back to check on status of meal).  I typically like the YH, for HH at least, but felt compelled to warn people about the horrible experience we had sitting out on the patio last Saturday.  I contact YH- hopefully they will take some action to rectify the situation.
3	We ended up meeting  a few friends here for a birthday dinner and drinks. It was a Friday night, so it was pretty busy.  We ordered a few drinks and some appetizers. I went with the Korean BBQ beef appetizer and wifey had the Ahi Poke bowl. The Ahi Poke bowl was great, and only $5! My korean beef had good flavor, but the texture of the meat was a bit unappealing and there were tons of fatty gristle pieces on my dish.  I had the pineapple express to drink, which was great. . The overall experience was pretty good. Because it was SOOO busy, people were crowded in the slim hallway blocking the entrance/exit and the way to the bathrooms, which badly needed to be regulated. Overall, cool spot with good service and decent food. I'd go again.
4	Good service.  Enjoyed the Jambalaya !
3	Good food but service was not the best.  Loved the French onion soup!  French fries where string fries.. pretty good.  I would try it again...So many beers on tap fun!
3	If I had not had a gift card to eat at Yard House, I would not have come here. I have been here several times, but it is not my first choice. Ever. I think people think its cool because it has about 100 different beers on tap. Personally I think it is way overpriced and the food is only so-so. I got the steak salad which had a few greens, a couple green beans and sliced steak, but there was nothing special about it. I prefer the one at Outback. The steak was not very well seasoned. My husband got the NY steak sandwich and he complained about how gristly it was. He had to pick a ton of gristle off. But I enjoyed the sweet potato fries :).
3	A friend suggested we all go here Sunday night. She loves this place and said everything is great. I had soup and salad. The tomato basil was good, however it was  lukewarm. Soup should be hot. My sister had the mac & cheese which I tasted and liked a lot. My friend ordered the parmesan fries with truffle oil which also good. My hubby got the fish special not sure the name of the fish, but it was a blackened white fish with 3 dipping sauces. The fish was fresh and seasoned well.Overall, my meal was good not great. Good enough that we'd return in the future. Btw, it's really loud in there.
3	What can I say about the YH? It wasn't a bad place, a little loud though. It felt like a sports bar with all the sports on the TV's. Nice music though. I ordered the mac and cheese with chicken and bacon. They could've given me a little more bacon, but I  was not at all disappointed. The parmsesan cheese fries with truffle oil were outta this world! If I go there again, i'll just order those fries. I don't have alot to say about the YH. The prices were a little high, but affordable. They were a little skimpy on the wine. Overall, my experience was average.
3	Menu is plenty big yet the food is pretty consistent.  Happy hour is short but good and lunch has never disappointed.  Oh did I mention they have beer?
4	They were out of the first beer I ordered. The server suggested another one, which was good. They have an extensive menu. I have always enjoyed whatever I have ordered as far as food goes. The service was good too. The waiter was conscious of us needing to get going quick as we were trying to catch a movie. He was quick with the check which is ALWAYS helpful!
4	First let me start by saying their beer selection= heaven. The beer list, is not only in order of type (which makes it easy to find a beer you know you like and look Below it to find something similar to try out) but also alphabetical and progressive. The food...DECENT. definitely not the selling point for this place,  but for a place that's selling point IS  a yard of beer...decent.  Service: very attentive, waters & beers always full, bartenders are great at making recommendations for beer (when your being annoyingly indecisive about  which fashion  you plan to get inebriated). Matt is my favorite! He makes great conversation and recommendations such a genuine person and a huge reason we visit yardhouse! Bottom line, if your not  freshly 21 and stoked about drinking a beer out of a yardstick then this place may notice be AS amazing to you, but it certainly does not disappoint when your in the mood for some grub and beer! Food can be pricey, menu is huge and so are the entrees so there's no harm in sharing an entree with a friend...more room for beer!
3	Yardhouse - big fan of their happy hour.  Happy hour ends unusually early (6pm), but is a decent place to grab a bite to eat and drink.  We typically don't frequent Yardhouse outside of happy hour because it is pricey.  The food is good, nothing amazing.  The beer selection is great.  Service has always been good.  A good solid place for HH.
3	I have actually never been to a Yard House and probably would have continued to avoid it but it was a friends birthday so we had to go.They don't let you make reservations past 4:00, so if you call in at 4:02 like my friend did to reserve seats for 10 you are SOL.  We got there and had to wait 30 minutes for our seats cause the place was BANANAS BUSY.  Like everyone who lives in Desert Ridge eating here at the same time busy and it was LOUD.  We finally got seated, after the hostess passed out, no exaggeration.  We were seated and I found it unusual you don't have a waiter/ess per se, but a bevy of people bringing and dropping stuff off which I guess helps with efficiency but lacks in anyone knowing what you are drinking and what you have asked for.The beer selection is massive.I ordered a side salad and it was HUGE. The pear salad with blackened grilled chicken and it was tasty.Everyone seemed to like the food it was just a bit much for me.  Too loud, too many people, not a specific waiter to get the job done and it felt rushed like they wanted us out of there and fast.Would I go back, probably not cause it just didn't stand out to me but I wouldn't hate it if I had to out of my control, like this instance.
3	Decent service and a large menu. A good place to go for beer fans when you're out of town and in good-beer voids like Phoenix.I had the Hawaiian Poke stack, which was okay. Not sushi restaurant level but edible.
3	While I love Yard House, I can't afford to go here when it's not happy hour.  They do have good happy hour specials, but this location doesn't have a reverse happy hour (after 10pm) on weekends, while the one in Scottsdale does.  Very deceiving when you expect both to have it!  The beer selection is amazing, but appetizers are way over-priced unless you are there during happy hour.
5	This is place IS Beer Heaven!  Over 100+ taps of amazing beers! This is the ONLY place I will purchase [several] beers at full price, not on happy hour. Amazing thing #2 ~ (for the girls) they have a "shorty" glass which is a 9oz glass instead of 12oz, it is a beautiful thing! Now I can order two different kinds of beer without getting overly full (er bloated), instead of the two big 12oz glasses! Amazing thing #3 ~ The food is delish!!! My boyfriend and I split a burger. Bad idea. It was so good we really didnt want to share it afterall ;)Amazing thing #4 ~ The staff are awesome! There are several staff behind the bar and ALL are happy and willing to help you if your initial server is MIA. They are very attentive, friendly and helpful if you can't decide :) Amazing thing #5 ~ The atmosphere is awesome and the music they play is great!
4	Have been here once, but would definitely go back! Went on a Saturday night and they were PACKED! Wait wasn't super long though. They have 100s of beers on tap, and I'd never seen a place have anything like that before! Great selection! Their signature cocktails are super delicious! I enjoyed the food a lot as well. Ordered the calamari, truffle fries, and sweet potato fries to start out with. The sweet potato fries came with a  creamy maple-bacon aioli, which was very interesting and delicious! Everyone at the table enjoyed their entree. Burgers, mac n cheese, BBQ salad, and my spinach salad. There were so many choices on the menu, many of which caught my eye, so I need to go back soon! Our waitress was a little odd and it almost seemed like she was on something. She would ask if we were ready (which we were), took one person's order then walked away! We all kinda stared at each other like 'did that just happen?' I can let that go though. Nothing a few good beers can't cure!
4	You must be sullen to be employed here. Good beer selection.
4	I've always been a fan of this place!! The only thing is the price could be better..
4	I've been there a few times because it's a decent place to go. Their happy hour is pretty decent. The food on their happy hour is actually exceptional. The drink specials, not so much.This time I did the club sandwich and was happy with it. The portion sizes are large enough that there was actually some food to take home which I love.I'll be back.
4	I like Yard House for the huge menu of food and beer!! Some standard classics like nachos (they're huge and delicious), deviled eggs (mmm!!!), and mac n cheese (can never go wrong there!) as well as some creative items like pork belly, swordfish, or chicken tinga street tacos, gardein (meat free meat) entrees, jambalaya, and more. I also like the firecracker boneless wings.I like the Kronenbourg 1664 beer and Ace Perry cider.Every time I've gone, I've had great service, too. The booths are very comfortable and the tables are big enough to fit your drinks and plates on!It's louder at night than at lunch.I go about once every month or two for lunch or dinner.Only reason I wouldn't give it 5 stars is it's pretty pricy, and I've never made it to Happy Hour.
5	Ok, I went back the next day and the very bartender who was so sullen the day before took me so completely by surprise with her insight into my emotional state of affairs that I almost gasped aloud. I love yard house. They're basically accommodating of vegans. They once gave me a piece of chicken among my veggie pieces and no less than three managers came over to apologize. Good on them. I wish the bartenders had ten percent more personality on average because I'm an extreme extrovert but I suspect the general public who they're meant to entertain are perfectly satisfied by their level of engagement. Here's the deal, it's the best of the corporatey type places. Outstanding beer selection, stuff for veggies and vegans, at least in theory, and they want an excellent customer experience as evidenced by the two emails I received about my last review. Long live Yard House!
3	It's yardhouse, i mean i don't really prefer this type of bar. I love DIVES!! so this is a new thing for me to frequent. My friends love it and they aren't bad at all. The food meets requirements of a bar and actually exceeds at times. Options on tap are awesome but it breaks the bank..My advice. Happy hour.
4	Great food, great beers, great for vegetarians, and lots of hot servers! Yum.
4	food is excellent and looks amazing-like a fine dining restauarant. its upscale classic american food like steaks and fries.  be prepared it is expensive. however the service is pretty good and they have over 150 beers on tap-crazy. a lot of the beers are good like purple haze and they have beer samplers. it does get crowded in there and it seems like they could use a bigger space-but testament that a lot of ppl like this place. also its in a great location next to total wine and the desert ridge outdoor shopping mall.
4	After having a couple less than favorable dining experiences at the Fashion Square Mall location, I was in no hurry to try this location. But we were at the mall for some other things a couple months ago and decide to give this location a try.I am glad we did. It is definitely a big step up from the Fashion Square Mall location and we have been quite happy with our experiences on the times we have been back since. The three different menu items I have tried have all been enjoyable and well prepared and the others in my parties have all complimented their food items. The menu seems to have changed since the last time I was at a Yard House and it seems much better now. There is a great variety, so it is a good place to go with with people that have different tastes. The service has been quite good on our visits and they provide a comfortable atmosphere to dine in. The one exception is that it seems to get quite loud in the dining area.I have no problem whatsoever recommending this location of the Yard House and foresee it working its way into the rotation of places we dine at on a regular basis.
4	Yard House consistently serves up a wide variety of good food, and of course, has a huge selection of fresh beers on tap.  If I'm in the mood for beers I can't find anywhere else, this is the only place to go.  This location is particularly big and always has fast service for lunch with plenty of open seating.
4	We only ever come to this Yardhouse location for happy hour or drinks alone.The food is good, no better than other locations. Service is good. Some of the waitresses weve had have been a little flakey, but it hasnt ruined the overall experience.Like the other locations, they have a killer tap selection. I highky recommend asking what the samplers are for the day. On our most recent visit, my husband and I ordered our fave beer plus the "traditional" sampler. It consisted of:Sam Adams Cherry WheatSam Adams Winter Lager ( 2 of our absolute faves)Stone Arrogant Bastard ( If you like IPAs, this is the beer for you)Lost Coast Alley Cat AmberWoodchuck Raspberry Hard Cider (dont let the name fool you, its not hard. It very, very light and kind of tastes like a raspberry Clearly Canadian)Green Flash Brewing Treasure ChestI never would have tried 3 of those beers w/ out ordering the sampler, so that was cool.The best part of this location is the main entrance (off the parking lot). In order to get to the hostess stand you have to walk down a long hall thats flanked by the open kitchen and the keg room (w/ windows) on either side. First the delicious, melded food smells hit you, then youll try and see what keg is what thru the windows on the other side. I guantrantee, by the time you actually make it to the hostess stand youll either be starving or dying of thirst.
3	Gigantic bar, good HH spot. Extensive menu with standard bar fare. Starters outshine the entrees. Nachos, boneless buffalo wings, onion rings were decent. Pass on the hummus plate. Good service, but would probably just return for large draft selection.
4	Go for the beer! My dad recommended this place for the 100 draft beers! Visiting from Ohio I thought the selection was very diverse and new to me. I ordered the Thai Chicken Noodle Salad and tasted like coke slaw. Wouldn't recommend that in the menu!
5	It is hard to go wrong when you have a WHOLE LOT OF GREAT beers on tap, great service and very good food.  I give them credit, they take good food, and do a very nice job with presentation.But the reason I give them 5 stars is not what they get right, but how they handled something that I didn't like.  Place was slammed on a Saturday.  Service was very good, but my food came out cold.  Sent it back with a busser, my waitress immediately followed up, apologized, and made sure the replacement food came out hot (it did).  Then the manager came over, apologized, comped that one ordered, and offered our table of 5 a free desert to make up for it.  I always evaluate customer service not based on what is done right, but how a place handles something when the customer feels they were wronged.  They were very busy that night, but didn't make any excuses for the error, they fixed it, and made everything right.  And for that, I will keep coming back.  And everything we ordered was very good, on top of the great experience.
4	I've been here a couple times, and it's always been good. My most recent trip was for happy hour, so we got a few appetizers and beers. We ordered the mu shu egg rolls and lettuce wraps, and both were surprisingly delicious - the variety of sauces was a great addition.The bar is very nice - lots of beers on tap, and a huge menu.Definitely a good happy hour place.
3	I was looking forward to going to Yard House because I love beer and I heard they have an expansive vegetarian menu. I went to the location in Glendale before but only had beer.This place was PACKED. Very long wait and the bar was slammed. I could see why. Glorious beer taps as long as the eye can see. Their selection of beers are dazzling. They have large screen TVs playing the hottest games for the bar patrons. I could see myself getting a yard of beer and getting lost in a basketball or football game.We were hoping to score some seats at the bar but we were finally seated in a booth before we could. The lighting is very dim and the music is very loud. Good music selection though ... something for everyone. Rock from every decade.I was excited for their Gardein vegetarian selection. I got a veggie burger. It was just okay. The aioli was tasty but standard. Glorified garlic infused mayo basically. I wasn't crazy about the veggie patty. It was the type of veggie patty that tries to mimic beef patties. I prefer the ones that taste like yummy veggies/grains/legumes. The fries were good. Formerly frozen but passable.I was musing over whether I should have ordered the Gardein chicken strips with fries instead. I have bought the Gardein chicken strips at the store before I found them rather tasty. But then I realized it was much more economical and time saving to buy frozen Gardein chicken strips and frozen french fries and buy a six pack of craft beer, instead of paying the Yard House to fry them up for me for $9 a pop.My husband ordered a basic burger, medium rare. It came out rare. The server asked if he wants a new one or wants the burger (already sliced in half and covered in aioli) thrown back on the grill. Um, no he wants a new one. After waiting another 20 minutes, my ravenous husband finally got the burger cooked to his liking. He said it was good.Bottom line... the food and service is just as mediocre as the other chains like Chilis, Applebees, etc. It is just wrapped in a much sleeker package. We might be back to sip some brews and dine on some tasty previously frozen fries while watching the game ... if we can find a seat at the bar. Otherwise, we will have our dinners somewhere else.
2	Yard house is one of my favorite chain restaurants at Desert Ridge.  I have been there so many times and have usually had great service.  However after the service i received there at dinner this evening i am not sure if i will be returning.  Nor do i think that i will be sending any of my guest there (I work in the front office at one of the Marriott across the street).I got there and expected to wait as it was close to 7pm on a friday.  To my surprise the wait time was only 25 which was fine with me.  I buzzer went off and we went to be seated while they walked us through the the restaurant to one of the booths.  I was shocked the party of 2 they were seating in a booth that sat 6.  We passed several 4 top tables in which they could have sat us at and saved the booth for the other groups waiting.  Once we were seated two "servers" came up to the table.  I am assuming one was training but to my surprise i had no clue who was training who and who the actually server was.  We asked fro two waters and they brought those out to us and walked away before we could say anything to them.  Literally 20 mins later they came back and asked if we had a made a decision yet.  We ordered and of course the food came out pretty quick which is standard for Yard house.  One of the food runner brought the food and out and i am assuming one of the managers(wearing a white shirt)  asked how everything was.  I asked if i could get a side of lettuce that wasn't brown and wilted.  She didn't say anything to me and then again asked how everything was i repeated myself.  The she just became very rude and said i will get you lettuce.  She came back with fresh lettuce and didn't say anything once she arrived at the table.  She set it down and walked away before i could even thank her.Our "servers" never came back until we were done with our meal.   And then brought the checks.  They were very polite but were lacking a major personality.  And as far as the manager goes maybe it is best if she stays away from tables.  Again the Yard house at Desert Ridge should know that they are going to be busy with all the tourist in the area.  But with the quality of service that i received tonight would not want to make me send anyone to there.
4	Love the Yard house happy hour menu. Always a great beer selection, over 100 beers on tap and the food is always good. Came in today and had 3 Hoegaarden's and chicken lettuce wraps for about $20.00. Service has always been good to me, friendly staff!
5	This place is amazing! they have the most amazing tortilla soup!  and the happy hour has got to be the best bang for your buck! Chicken nacho's is a huge portion and so is pretty much all the other apps....hope you enjoy!
3	We got your beer here !!! Really . . what do you want? They most likely have it.I like this place for a good happy hour before a movie. The spinach & cheese dip is super tasty, and can feed 3 people for sure. The drinks are good also, and the prices are not too bad.The staff is hit or miss, sometimes they are nice, sometimes they seem to just want to hurry you up and get the next table going. Also, even though you have a server, you might see 4-5 other people coming to bring you food or drink refills or asking if you need anything else. Kind of strange.
4	They can be pricey for a Larger Family, however they are really good. They are casual and dressy. There beer is GREAT!
4	I've been to Yard House many times and I've always liked everything I've ordered. There isn't one particular item I would recommend but I would suggest their happy hour! Lots of great things on the menu for a reasonable price.  I've always had great service at all locations I've visited. Restaurant has low lighting, so if you like a  bright place, Yard House isn't for you.
4	I am not at all a bar food person. I would call the Yard House upscale bar food, and I have liked everything I've ordered here. Their food is very solid. Their steak and ahi tuna salads are great, and I also like their burgers. I could seriously eat their fries and aioli until I throw up, so I deduct a star for tempting me to indulge in bulimia.
4	SOOOO MUCH BEER. This is the place to come if you want to drink a couple good beers with some friends, or whoever. The food was pretty good, nothing too memorable, but they do have a good appetizer menu if you are trying to just get some drinks and apps. We had a decent wait (I think we were there on a Friday, though) and the outside patio was a good choice.
1	I went to this restaurant at Desert Ridge last week with a friend and had a great experience AT LUNCH with a good waitress.  However, after going back (mostly due to the good kids menu that my toddler will actually eat) tonight for DINNER, I need to revise my original feelings about this restaurant.  It was loud, the waiter (Justin) pretty much sucked, and the manager was "ok" at trying to resolve our issues.  Our issues: let's start with a 45 minute wait for our food.  After the first 15 minutes, the waiter stopped by to say our food would be out "in a minute or two"... 15 minutes later, we got a refill on tea, but no update on our food.  After 15 more minutes, we flagged down our waiter who clearly forgot to enter our ticket and asked him to actually go check on our food after he, once again, said "it should be out in a minute or two."  Not too convincing. The manager came over (clearly without discussing anything with our server) and said, "Hi folks, how are you doing?" Our response, "HUNGRY!"  Luckily, my husband checked into Yelp about 10 minutes after our arrival b/c the manager told us that we couldn't have been there long b/c our ticket was only entered 9 minutes ago.  Yelp showed my husband checking in 23 minutes prior.  Plus, my toddler had finished her meal long ago.  So - long story, they didn't really take responsibility for the forgotten ticket.  They did comp us the 2 sandwiches (slightly overpriced, but very good when they finally arrived).  The manager asked us if there was anything else he could help us with and I nicely asked him to bring out my toddler's ice cream (kids menu).  That was forgotten, as well.  I had to ask our waiter (Justin) 3 TIMES to bring it out.  I finally asked him if he could go back and get a spoon and put a scoop into a little dish with a spoon - not rocket science. He brought out the ice cream (miracle) and said he'd bring more ice tea. Great, thanks!  10 min later he arrived to say he'd bring our check in a couple minutes and "is there anything else I can get you?".... uh, how about that tea you said you were going to get 10 min ago?  From beginning to end, this night sucked.  The food was good, but it was a total cluster.  If you're thinking of going here for dinner - take my advice and go to BJs Brewhouse - it's got a similar menu (probably better food, in my opinion), better prices, WAYYY better service, and managers who actually take their time to listen.  Lesson learned.
5	We have visited this location more than 25 times in the past couple of years. As a family of 5, with an infant, toddler, and 8 year old, we are never disappointed. The kids chicken is amazing and I am willing to admit I steal pieces of off my kids' plates. I usually have the Bearnaise sliders, but recently I tried the chicken Thai pizza. I was not disappointed.  When my family comes into town, this is the staple restaurant we go to for dinner. No one has ever had poor food. I will tell you that my sister did have an experience where she ordered something, they came back and told her they were out, she ordered something else, they came back again because it was out, then ordered again and they comped her bill without her even complaining. That's how much they care about making it a great experience. The noise level can be a bit loud if you go in the evening, but my favorite place to eat is outside (unless it's 100 degrees). There are many TVs for avid sports fans to watch while you wait for the food.
4	We didn't have these in Orlando, so we knew we had to give it a go when we got to Phoenix.  It's a busy location, but they move through the crowds well.  They have an assortment of both drink and food options to choose from, so peruse the menu while you wait for a table!  The Mac and Cheese is delish, as well as, the onion ring stack.  For dessert there is nothing better than the s'mores brownie with some ice cream.  It takes about 15 minutes to go through the oven, so order it when you are halfway through the meal for less of a wait.  Overall, this place has good options and friendly staff.  It's on our rotation list of places to go for grub!
4	Love this place! The food is always good and the service is excellent.  Things we have tried and love:Onion Ring TowerMac and CheeseChicken Parmesan Mini Trio Dessert PlatterS'mores BrownieWe have been to the Tatum Plaze (Desert Ridge) location several times and have never had an issue.  The place can get pretty busy, but they usually move through the crowds quickly and there is a waiting area up front if you need it.There are tons of beer options and the menu is varied for any taste or picky eater!We personally enjoy the outdoor seating area.  In the summer it's a bit toasty out there, but the views and people watching can make it worth it.  Plus, every server we have had out there has always taken care of us!
2	Poke Stack is decent...Bar service, usually great.  For the most part, the staff is genuinely friendly and knowledgeable. Yard House in Long Beach, CA...4 stars, fresh seafood and tender steak.Yard House in Desert Ridge, AZ..a little sloppy on technique on some plates and skimpy on some others.Bottom line...Had colder and cleaner tasting beer elsewhere and have been disappointed a few times with the quality and care in the preparation of the food and portion sizes for the price.Even my go to...the Poke Stack...sometimes the tuna is poorly chopped leaving sinew which displays the lack of 'Attention to Detail'. Decent place for burgers and beer but you can get the same quality for less money elsewhere...
4	My hubby and I love Yard House for happy hour.  Any other time of day?  Not so much.  The beer is highly overpriced if it is not happy hour, as are the entrees.  We love the chicken nachos ( they spread red and green enchilada sauce on them) and the spicy tuna roll which is huge and is chock full o' avocado and chunks of tuna.  yum!  The beer selection is good, but there really won't be anything that makes you go too far out of your craft beer comfort zone here.
3	We liked the atmosphere and location.  This place is probably a lot of fun to have drinks.  Largest selection of tap beer I've ever seen.  We ordered an appetizer- Truffle Fries- they were string fries with a lot of seasoning but no dipping sauce.  I had a NY strip salad ordered medium- pink in center.  I got a plate with a group of lettuce on one side and an over cooked steak on the other side.  After picking thru the lettuce there was so much going on in the salad, the flavors were overpowering and I had to take a lot of stuff off.  On a bed of mixed greens the size of my hand, roasted red peppers, avocados, tomatoes, green beans, gorgonzola cheese, and deep fried pickled eggs??  And it was $16.95.  Would NOT ever get this again.  My husband had a Roast dip sandwich with onion rings.  He said the onion rings & sandwich were the bomb.  The server was a little slow and didn't check on us or seem interested when I pointed to a brown blob in my salad and asked what is this. She said "it's interesting".  The lighting sucked and made me dizzy.  It was 1pm and it was dim with a spotlight on our plates.  We would go back to try beers and maybe a different appetizer.  But there are so many other places to eat at Desert Ridge, this would not be my top choice.
3	I've eaten here a handful of times for lunch. I know they have a huge if not the largest selection of beer on tap in town (but its lunch time and I don't care for beer so this is about the food). I'd say the food Qualtiy is a touch above average. I had a burger last time I was there and actually thought they served me a slider at first the burger was so tiny. Tasty but tiny. Now the fries were fantastic! Shoestring fries hot salty and tasty-and a nice portion too! Servers have always been very pleasant. Check it out!
5	I love the beers, I love the service, I love racer 5 ipa by bear republic on tap and I love the ahi crunch salad. Tonight there was a tiny piece of chicken in my salad so the manager comped my meal. I really didn't care but they went above and beyond to take care of me. The really know customer service, quality beers and quality service. Amanda and her manager are awesome!
4	We have visited other YHs in the valley but consider this to have the best and friendliest service. We are real fans of their Happy Hour menu and of their "visiting beers and ales." You can make a meal of the Happy Hour appetizers without breaking the budget, you really feel you get "value."  The flatbread (not on the app menu) has become a spouse favorite, as has the Angel Hair Pasta from the "Mains Menu." I have been disappointed by the desserts, I'm a fan of the Kona Coffee Sundae but over the past few years it has become so small that the last time I was there I found myself spooning out the "airy" whipped cream in an effort to find the ever shrinking scoop of ice cream. The servers used to ask if you wanted extra spoons so you could share...now they seem to know better than to even ask...at more than $7.00 this isn't good enough or big enough to represent value, as a result, we stick with the main menu and appetizer menu items.Having "dissed the desserts" we're still fans of everything else and visit regularly.
4	Best time to go is for Happy Hour. They have great food and drink specials during Happy Hour although it gets fairly filled up quick. If you go on a Friday you will have to get there somewhat early. The patio is nice to people watch since the movie theatre is close by. The beer selection is vast and the staff is pretty knowledgeable when figuring out which beer is best. Gave it 4 stars because if you go anytime other than Happy Hour the food and drinks are a little expensive
5	Went to this location yesterday for Happy Hour! The crab cakes were very good! The lite Cosmo was made perfectly! Very good selection of appetizers half off during happy hour. Just wish it lasted until 7 or later ;)
4	Love yardhouse, always have. I have always liked the huge selection of beers on tap. You can find different beers from all over the country and sometimes internationally too. There a few yardhouse locations across the valley so finding one close to wherever you are should not be an issue at all.Do yourself a favor and drink something besides a typical bud or you coors, and try a draft beer from a craft brewery. I mean do you really enjoy drinking the same old boring thing time and time again....
2	Went to The Yard House after a movie at the AMC theater next door.  It was a Friday, the restaurant was packed, but only a 15 minute wait for a table.  Three in the party, all had beer and food.  I always like the beer selection, and it is a wonderful selection.  I had a porter, another in the party a cider, and the last in the party, a black and tan.  Service was quick and efficient.  The waiter had a good knowledge of the beer menu.   I ordered the Parmesan encrusted chicken.  The meal consisted of two deep fried chicken breast stacked on a pile of mashed potatoes, in a bath of a sweet tasting mushroom sauce.The dish was disgusting.  The chicken was dry.  I've had better tasting and cooked chicken breasts at Jack in the Box.  The potatoes in the meal were tasteless and mildly warm and the mushroom sauce turned my stomach.  One of the worst meals I have paid money to eat at a restaurant.  To be fair to the restaurant, my other party members enjoyed their meal, the waiter did notice my dislike of the meal I chose and offered a replacement meal.  Still, in my previous visits to the Yard House I have not yet to be wowed by a meal, or even close to have been wowed by a meal.  To me, the Yard House without the beer selection would struggle to compete with places like Denny's and Luby's.
4	Love Yard House for happy hour! Great deals on appetizers and drinks.It can get realky crowded and sometimes have long waits.
3	It's chain restaurant, which I generally eschew in favor local businesses.  But close to where my friends office is so we meet there for drinks and snacks.  I've not had a dinner here at Desert Ridge, I ate a Yard House in California and. In Vegas for business dinners with groups.   and it was like driving a nice Honda Accord, not a bad ride, but not a BMW experience.  They are a chain and have a business model  not like local owners who live and thrive on making the folks happy because it's their living, not a job.   But enough about shop local.  I suppose if you like the yard house in Arizona you will like them in their dozens of restaurants across the country.  They are kind of like OliveGarden on steroids.  If I took my wife there for our anniversary she would melt down,and divorce me. I mean, if I had a wife.   I basing this on former wives But Now the GREAT  thing about the yard house, at least happy hour.... They have some  gardein  vegan options which I like. And my friend who is a carnivore always is amazed how good they taste.  "Wow,  this tastes like chicken!"  So kudos for Yard House realizing there is a market for vegetarians and vegans to enjoy some food with their beer Good place to meet after work and choose from dozens of beers on tap.  And vegan options!
4	You can't lose here. The place is busy and loud but you can eat out side if your not into loud. Great food and amazing beer selection. Try the youngs double chocolate a personal favorite.
2	I'm a Yard house Veteran, my first visit was to the Costa Mesa California Yard house at Triangle Square. Had my very 1st Cosmo' Martini there many moons ago. After seeing a movie at the AMC Desert Ridge, my mom and I decided to pop in to the Yard House for a bite to eat, the food is usually really good. I ordered the Shitake Mushroom Noodles from the Snack menu and the Spring Rolls from the Hors Devours menu. The spring rolls were crunchy and tasty , my Noodles on the other hand .... I think they'd been sitting under the warming lights too long. They were mildly warm at best and kind of sticky. I was disappointed because I'd had those noodles before and they'd been really good when hot.  The server never came back to ask if everything was okay and when he did stop by he hurriedly refilled my water glass and kept it moving , almost as if he was nervous I'd ask him for something, he was obviously very busy. Drinks are expensive. I expect more from the Yard House .
4	I've been here many times, in groups of two or three, and I've always had great experiences.  The menu is really extensive, and everything we've tried has been tasty.  My go-to order is their delicious seared ahi sandwich - great fish, carmelized onions, swiss cheese - yum!  They also have a bunch of vegetarian items that use Gardein instead of beef/chicken - the BBQ chick'n pizza is my friend's favorite. The tuna burger and fish tacos are also yummy, and if you save room for dessert, the macadamia cheesecake with caramel sauce is sooo worth it!  The beer and wine list is definitely exteensive, too - great Malbec.My friend and I like to have girl's night here, and we consistently get terrific service from start to finish - quick greeting, prompt delivery, lots of check-backs, full waters - without any irritation from the servers when our chat lasts longer than dessert.
4	Like to come here during the week after work. Usually around 815-830. Bar never packed, always fast service!Love yardhouse, every az location is awesome, drinks come fast, food is delicious. If there is a wait it's never too long.Go visit!!
4	Great selection of food, and never have been disappointed with what I have ordered. Incredible beer selection on tap!! Only criticism is I think that the lunch menu is overpriced.. Very little difference in the lunch food and the dinner food prices..
4	It was good to come here for a quick drink and app during happy hour. We ordered the blue crab cakes and the chicken lettuce wraps. Both were good and actually pretty large. I would defiantly order both again
5	This was my first time at this restaurant. Truffle parm fries, margarita pizza, steak 'n shrimp, cheese burger, everything came together in a timely manner. We also got to sample a few items from the huge beer list. The place was packed solid, and yet we still got great friendly service. Will go back again!
4	Love this place!! The food is great along with the service! I love the chicken lettuce wraps and the truffle fries are amazing!! Pretty much everything there is wonderful! They deliver too which is awesome!
3	The steak and shrimp were amazing. Service was good. Appetizers were tiny to the point our table of 7 laughed and made jokes about how miniature they were. My mashed potatoes were supposed to be garlic mashed. WOW, I had a hard time eating them they were so garlic infused I was scared for my next appointment. My friend to the left of me asked me to box them up quickly because her eyes were watery. Good found, they would have earned a 4 star if the potatoes were not so garlicy, a 5 star would have happened if the appetizer portion was bigger. We were considering deviled eggs but was informed that we would get 3 - 1/2 eggs. Again we laughed at the portion sizes!
2	Food is what I expect from Yard house. But the hold time was way longer than conveyed. While waiting by the kitchen observed kitchen staff handle trash and then food without changing gloves.
4	Nice place- a huge number of beers on tap and our food was better than the brewpub norm. Nice menu selection and super friendly staff. Definitely a great, relaxing place to catch a game or have a beer.
5	Thumbs up to the Yard House! We had reservations for a party of 12, which they lost? However they took excellent care of us and quickly put a table together, outside on the patio; which was fine as the weather is beautiful out. The servers were outstanding! So all in all they scored big points!! Thank you Yard House...we were the Miller Party of 12 Wednesday night 2/12/14
5	Their New York Steak Sammich is the ultimate sea.Mich eating experiance .. It may sound crazy but get a side of maple syrup for the sweet potato fries.. its delightful..
5	Hands down the best resturant. I have been to other locations within the chain, and they are packed. This location did not have a wait (on a Sunday night), and the waiter was on top of things! Great drinks (Pineapple Express is delicious), amazing food (Chicken nachos), and really great people. Just an excellent location from a great chain!
1	If u advertise a dish as a house speciality u really shouldn't mess it up. Parmesan crusted Chk was really really really dry!!!! Like Chk jerky the sauce was good but the Chk would have to sit for several hours in the sauce to soften the Chk. My husbands sandwich was good corn beef hash but cold fries he asked for different fries but they never arrived. Disappointed
5	We love this place! They are always busy, yet always get the order completely right. We have had the Thai chicken pizza, Gardein chick'n nuggets, & a multitude of different beers.  Service is always excellent, whether you were at a table or in the bar area, and the hostess station is always very well manned.Prices are a little high, but the quality of what you get is worth it. We will be back again and again.
5	Picture this: a wonderful day at spring training where you are tired and just want a beer and a great meal. You hear the yard house in this area is good, so you oblige. Next thing you know, your food is cold and the drinks are late. You complain, but to no avail. Contemplating walking our, you plead to the manager. In one fell swoop the food is redelivered along with a comped meal and four Bahama mamas. This is service and the way an exceptional manager runs a restaurant. Schmitten by bad service, believe it or not. 10/10 will dine here again.
4	I've always loved yardhouse, it's by far one of my favorite restaurants! This one doesn't beat the one back home in long beach but it's close enough! I love their happy hour menu and the huge selection of beers! Their chicken lettuce wraps are to die for! Always always Great food, positive atmosphere and amazing service from the host staff to the servers and even their bussers!However, the only negative thing being a hospitality major and all is I didn't see any management walking around tables talking to guest. It's not a big deal to most people but it can really make a guest's experience go from an 8 to a 10.
4	Been to this location for this chain on multiple occasions and we haven't had a bad experience yet. On the latest visit we met up with a couple of friends for a fun dinner double date. We were seated right away (occasionally there is a wait, but they usually move through it pretty quickly) and taken to a table outside, as requested. The patio seating is nice if the weather is right and you enjoy the fresh air while dining.  Had the hummus appetizer, which is tasty and only around $4-5 with several slices of pita bread. For food we both had burgers, which were cooked to order and tasted fresh. We shared the s'mores brownie dessert with our dinner dates and it was more than enough for everyone to have a bit. It's a place we will definitely return to.
5	I will always love the Yard House. Each time I have been here I have had a great experience. I have been here multiple times, all with my family and this place cannot get any better. They take reservations which is great on busy nights! The place is huge and there is tons of seating inside and outside. The staff is all super nice friendly and helpful. The menu is huge and everything I have had here is so good. The prices are fair for the large meal portions you get. It can get loud and is a little dark inside at night but besides that I have nothing bad to say about this place!
5	We come to this restaurant frequently. We like the food, and the service. Usually come for lunch but today we're here for happy hour which is always great. The nachos are very big and tasty. Great selection of appetizers to copse from and all delicious.
5	Great atmosphere ! Friendly staff and for is always great
3	Nice place - the foodies of the world will disagree with this review but for those of us who are looking for a balance between the fast food joints at Desert Ridge and the fine dining options, this one works just fine.Like most restaurants that share the concept, the menu is predictable. Something for everyone from salads to beef and everything in between. No problem bringing a group here.  They even have a nice kid's menu, desserts and an amazing selection of beers.Service has always been friendly and they have a nice patio.Good spot for lunch or before/after a movie.
3	Average place, average service, average food. Plenty of beer on tap but it's over priced and warm.
3	The outdoor tables are very dirty. They are wooden slats with very visible old decaying food stuffs in the slats.  The a manager was a jerk. I don't understand why they don't draw from the food court, out side area.   If you have been there you would see that the patio is right off the food court, steps from the movie theatre. The hostess stand is why way on the other side. We , quit frankly , don't care to walk a freaking mile in a circle. The waiters never write anything down and then disappear, so yes....it is that kind of place. Beg for service. Lots of mistakes. Mediocre corporate food stuffs. Huge walking torture circle to sit down and have a beer.  They really need to re think their patio. Lost opportunity.
4	The food is a typical mainstream American smorgasbord. You might get lost in the menu but that's ok because whatever you order will be decent enough. Not stellar. But decent. The best part about this place is their ridiculous beer selection. I don't care who you are, you will learn something about craft brew here and you will certainly find options you've never tried. A tad over priced for what you get.
4	The food quality is solid, the people are nice and they have a great selection of beer! They actually carry my favorite beer - Rogue Hazelnut Brown - which is great because not many places have it. The only downside is that the prices are a bit high - so happy hour is your friend :)
3	They changed the Mac and cheese recipe and now it taste terrible. It used to be my favorite thing here, so it's extremely disappointing to see this. Edit: They apologized and offered me a gift card, so they do seem to care.
3	So I know there are yard houses everywhere, and I do like the San Diego location better, for a good reason.When we showed up for drinks at the bar, they're known for having "100+ beers on draft", but when sitting at the bar I swear every third tap handle had a "sorry were out" sign hanging from it. Things I do like about this place : 1. It has descriptions of flavor for each beer and alcohol content. Just because those are usually my two deciding factors when choosing a beer. 2. I like that the beer is organized by type soooo.... Wheat, Belgium, hefes, IPAs, etc. if you know what you like, it's easy to narrow it down.....even with this HUGE book of options. 3. So many IPA's! Thank you Jesus! Finally a place that appreciates good beer and not beer flavored water. 4. The beer flights, they have a good selection of them. I would suggest the IPA one, obviously.5. The seasonal beer is always changing and usually a great try. For the summer months they seem to get a bit sweeter, so if you aren't into strawberry-wheat-whatever I would use this for one of your free samples.6. Yes. They give you two free samples.7. The truffle fries. OH MEEEEHGEEERD. just try them. You won't regret it. Plus, it's enough to split between two people as a snack.As for the rest of the food, I can't say I've tried it... It does seem a little on the pricey side for bar style food, but it must be good cause they restaurant side is always busy!
2	Sliders aren't burgers patties cut in quarters. Gluten free friendly isn't just your food with key ingredients removed - burger without buns? No, thanks! This is just a rock bar with OK food. No more, no less. The service was fast and friendly.
2	Yes, they have a lot of beers on tap and that's why I gave it 2 stars. Otherwise, food was not good and the service was awful. Unless your going for the draft beer I would skip yard house. There are tons of restaurants in the area with better food, better service and beer on tap.
4	Always good service and huge selection of beer. Disappointed they took firestone double barrel out of the bar... But not the fault of the bartenders... Ask for Brad at the bar he's friendly and a good bartender.
5	My mom and I went in yesterday and sat at the bar. When we first got there, there was one bartender at the beginning of her shift and she was working her butt off! Eventually managers and other bartenders started showing up and helping. We had really great service. Liberty did a wonderful job! The beer selection was great. I even got my mom to like some beers and she is not a beer drinker. We loved having the option of ordering a shorty because then we could try multiple beers on tap.The food was pretty good as well. We ordered off of the happy hour appetizers. I really enjoyed the crab cakes.Thank you for the great service! We will definitely be back again.
4	Decided to eat here rather than n bothering cooking on a Friday nite. Despite the line, we were able to get a table right away. Though it was crowded and kind of loud it was a good meal. The California roll was great. Highly recommend the kids spaghetti w meatballs. Service was fast and food was good. Lots of options, especially for kids and not a lot of fried food. Would come back again.
4	Yard House is a solid upscale sports bar chain.  There are dozens of TV's around the restaurant insuring that there's a view of whatever game you'd like to see.  I've had nothing but great service on every visit.  The food is good, albeit a bit overpriced.  Also; with more than 100 beers on tap to choose from, the alcohol selection is unbeatable.  On general principal, I have never had the same beer twice at Yard House.The service really does set the place apart.  On a visit sometime last month, the turkey burger my wife ordered came out as turkey sliders and covered in some bizarre she didn't want to eat.  After taking it back and making countless offers for more fries or anything else to hold her over while she waited for another to be cooked, the turkey burger was unexpectedly taken off the bill.Yard House is perfectly located in the "food court" area of Desert Ridge.  It's just a few convenient steps from the AMC, making it a good spot to eat before or after a movie.  It feels like a bonus if I'm seeing a movie at time that lets me take advantage of its happy hour.  The only things I don't like about Yard House is the food is a bit pricy for what it serves.  It's really just fancy sports bar food and some standard american restaurant meals.  Yard House also gets packed quickly.  Arrive during typical dinner hours (especially on Friday or Saturday) and you better expect a long wait.
4	This place is what I expected.  The beer selection was extensive and the servers were knowledgeable about the beer menu, which I liked.  They offered many local options as well as other expected beer choices.  The appetizers were reasonably priced and good.  For my entree, I had the pork cuban sandwich.  It tasted good and service was great as well.  Good outdoor seating. I would recommend.
3	My visit to Yard House did not start out so well.  Coming out of the movie theatre I was faced with the patio belonging to the Yard House.  So I entered the patio which had at least 10 empty tables and asked the servers who were there if we could sit anywhere.  They answered: Oh, no, you have to go inside to the station and ask for a table.  We went inside and immediately upon entering saw a young man at a computer station.  We asked for a table on the patio to which he answered: You have to go to the end of the restaurant (pointing) by the steel doors.  We continued  walking to the steel doors and ask for a table on the patio.  The answer from the blonde young lady (don't know her name, my apologies) was "just a moment."  At this point she began to wipe down some board and wiped.... and wiped....  My husband and I looked at each other while we waited for her to finish wiping.  Then she asked :" and how is your evening going? "  To which I answered "not so good. " I told her about having to wait for a table while the patio is almost empty.  She didn't appreciate the comment, geared up an attitude, and repeated what I said incredulously to the young lady who was soon to be our server "Kassie"  We said to her: "all we want is a table."  It is amazing to me that patrons have to walk to the back of the restaurant to a station where they can be assigned a table on the patio.  Is this a way to have patrons burn more calories so they can eat more? Doesn't it make more sense to have that station near the patio area albeit inside the restaurant.  Just saying.  But what got me what the attitude of the blonde station lady continuing to do her busy work while we waited for a "table assignment"  Could the wiping have waited? A simple, "I'll get you a table right away" would have gone a Longggggggggg way.   Enough said.Our orders were Turkey Pot pie and a turkey burger with fries. My husband specified that he wanted no dairy on his turkey burger (it came with cheese).  After a bit, he was informed that the turkey burger mix was made with milk.  I thought that it was great of them to share this information.  They could have easily not told him and who would have known.  He substituted a "Gardein burger" which was a soy substitute made to taste like beef.  My turkey pot pie came as a huge plate covered by puff pastry. I soon found out that only the center of the plate contained filling (it was the type of deep dish that pasta is usually served in--with the wide rim)  So basically the rim was covered with puff pastry as well.  Not a problem. I thought the portion was good enough for one person.  The pot pie filling lacked enough celery. Celery being a most important ingredient to good flavors in a pot pie. (did I tell you guys that I make a mean pot pie???) I digress.  It also lacked pearl onions.  Am I the only one who puts  those delicious little onions in a pot pie??? Well, it could have been regular onion pieces that would have been fine.  The filling had plenty of large chunks of al dente carrots and plenty of turkey meat.  So I am making my recommendations to the chef:  More celery, more onions and cut up the carrots smaller.  As my husband ate his "soy" burger silently, I wondered about the silence.  As he was nearing the end of his meal, I asked if he would give me a little piece of the burger to taste.  He did.  And then politely, I remove the piece out of my mouth with a napkin.  I found it to be vile.  Asked him how he could eat that he answered: it is what it is.  Wow,  what a trooper!  I would rather drink 2 liters of colonoscopy cleanser than eat that.  Just saying.  Kassie our waitress  was attentive and kept the water glasses filled so we have no complaints about that.  So all in all I am giving one star for telling us that there was dairy in the turkey burger, one star for Kassie's service and one star for my turkey pot pie.  Note to chef:  Celery and Pearl onions--it's not that hard to do.
4	You really can't go wrong with this place since their menu is so extensive.  My favorite are the steak sandwich and the angel hair pasta with shrimp in vodka sauce.  The food is plentiful and reasonably priced.  They are also open late.  I hear the beer is great, too, but I'm not a beer drinker.
3	Food was ok.  I didn't know the ahi burger was a patti and not more of a filet and the server was less than ideal.  The server seemed like he didn't want to be there and took it upon himself to make me an americano and he had no knowledge of how to make it, self admitted.
5	We went in one night for some drinks and we were greeted within seconds of sitting down. The bartender was very polite and informative about beer. He let us try a pineapple cider which was delicious! I haven't eaten there yet but next time we do I will for sure try at least an appetizer! Great service!
1	This place left a very sour taste in my mouth. We got in there and the staff at the bar was rude. And the manager was not so nice considering my husband is older and looks older and they refused to serve him a beer on his bday none the less give us a problem for sitting at the bar (trust me when i say he does not look young) and the guy they served next to us wasnt even asked for his ID. my husband does have an accent so maybe they were being somewhat racist. also when we were seated at the table, they kept looking looking at us and talking (workers at the bar). we waited a while at the table and just ended up leaving bec a waiter didnt come within the 10 minutes we were sitting there. I will not be coming back after that experience for sure. i totally do not recommend this place to anyone.
3	Great happy hour! Server seemed like she was in a hurry to leave and got into an altercation with another server over our table. Very unprofessional. Very RUDE.
3	I'm torn writing this review. I worked at Yard house in Roseville, CA for almost 3 years, so I am VERY found of the food and atmosphere. I think this is the reason this visit was so disappointing. Front desk was prompt in greeting is and getting us seated in a booth near the window. We placed our order which arrived fairly quickly. Our server was not the most attentive or friendly. Didn't try to engage in any kind of conversation and rarely stopped by the table. The food was mediocre, I got the turkey club which was good but the fries were cold. Actually, we got 3 entrees that came with fries and the fries were cold on ALL of them. Including the fish & chips. Extremely disappointing, nothing worse than chewy cold fries :( Super bummed about this visit, especially since I haven't had YH since leaving my home store 6 months ago!
5	This place is at desert ridge so literally you can spendThe day here with or without the kids . Also they have live music in the eves on weekends . Food here is good and all around pleaser for atmosphere food n drink and entertainment .
4	I really like the yardhouse. They have great happy hour and the staff is always pretty friendly. The only thing on the menu that I would not recommend is the jerk chicken pasta. It had no flavor and I was not happy with it.
4	Good food. Haven't tried any drinks here but over nice place! Decently priced as well!
5	This place is awesome. Always a great place to eat or grab a drink. The staff and management is great but Garin is an amazing server. Sit in his section and he'll make your visit great!
5	This is my boyfriend Paden and I's local haunt, which should be a testament to this establishment in itself. We have recently become regulars with one of the servers, Garin, who is nothing short of a spectacular server. If you get him as a server, your experience and service will be unmatched! I'm also posting more recently because of the newer menu changes which are amazing! I would recommend the banh mi (sp?), the truffle cheeseburger, or my favorite, the new lamb burger with fried onions added (fat kid burger fantasies dancing in my head omnomnom). Garin also had me try the Hawaiian mule, which is, as eloquently as I can put it, totally amazeballs. YH makes the ginger beer in the mules in-house and it is soooo good and soooo worth trying! Don't be a square, go check it out!
5	Hundreds of beers in draft, casual atmosphere with unique art on the walls, loud music from my generation, sports on the dozen or so tv's, a a large variety of food styles on the menu, and it's wishing walking distance to my home ;). What's not to love
5	Great place for dinner. Large menu and nice decor. We ordered the Margarita Pizza, which was so good, we ordered A second . Prompt service and comfortable seating .
5	I love the bar, beer and people. The bar tenders are super fun to talk to and nice. The atmosphere from 9pm to 12am is the best for me.
5	This is seriously my all time favoritest chain restaurant ;-)Let's start with the music.....out of this world! As in Moody Blues, Steely Dan, Jackson Brown etc etc.  The food is always spot on fresh, tasty and up -to-date with whatever the newest diet need may be ie. vegan or gluten-free.I've never had anything here that I didn't like. (Except several bad dates, the YH is my go-to for the usual meet and greet, so if the date is a dud I'll at least be getting fabby food and catch a game) Try the sweet potato fries app with the creamy maple bacon dipping sauce or the Cuban roast pork dip sandwich with pickles and a Dijon mustard spread and the side of au jus has a hint of BBQ. I don't care who you are, that's good shtufff.The staff is great, everything is always clean. Happy hour is fabby, plenty of tv's for sports fans, a patio if you're so inclined to watch the movie-goers walk by.Again, another place I have good luck with.....see my reviews for the Sand Bar or BJ's
1	First of all, the waitress was so rude! It was my first time eating here with my husband and I was really disappointed! My patty was pretty burnt! The fries were good, super crispy! It was extremely loud and I'd rather go to McDonalds for a burger, yes... That's how bad my experience was. They will never see me walk in those doors again.
4	Super fun place for large groups. They have a huge outdoor seating area that can accommodate lots of people as well as a game area. The patio area was hopping and despite the crowd the service was patient with our large group and very helpful. Massive beer selection, but the true seller for me was the fact that they had Modus Hoperandi on the beer list. I've never been able to find that beer anywhere except Colorado! Needless to say I indulged. They have a "brown bag special" on the beer menu for $2 and when you order it they don't tell you what beer you're getting. They bring it to you in a brown paper sack and leave you to find out what you got. I unfortunately received a Natty Light in my bag but I couldn't help but admire the idea of the special.
5	Love that they have angry orchard on draft and I'm obsessed with their happy hour. Nachos, pizza, egg roll and pretty much everything is yummy. Oh I really enjoy the calamari. They have panty of tv's to catch the game on while enjoying a child one with friends. I definitely keep coming back and so do my friends. Staff is friendly and usually pretty good. I had my last birthday here and the bay desert is yummy, has a little candle and has a design that says happy birthday. It was great. Definitely cove check it out if have not been before, they have a lot of great options.
4	They have an awesome inside area, but we opted for the outdoor seating. Complete with misters. Great Classic Rock playing everywhere and more TVs than I could count. If it were at all possible to have too much of a beer selection, this place would be guilty.....But we all know its not! Incredible selection of beers from around the world and our waitress could easily be called a Doctor of Brews! Melody is her name, beer is her game! My wife and I are pretty educated on beers and she simply knew more! We started with a Belgian Flight, they were all very good, but the La Trappe Quad was the standout. It was the most aggressive Quad and was simply amazing! We started off with Kung Pao Calamari w/ brown rice and it was delicious. From there, I went for a friend's suggestion of the Pastrami Benedict Burger with Mac & Cheese. Let me say, interesting and huge. Cooked to perfection. Burger, Pastrami, Fried Egg with a delicious creamy sauce. Mac & Cheese was simple yet yummy! My wife went for the Blue Crab Cakes and loved them. Crispy and fluffy at the same time. When the check came, we were still happy!
2	Went here for a quick bite and a beer before catching a movie. Requested to be seated outside, that was not a problem we were seated immediately and advised our server would be right with us. Ten minutes later a different server asked if we had been taken care of, we hadn't, so she proceeded to take our orders.Took another how many minutes or more to get water, got beer a few minutes later. Finally the food came and of course the order was wrong. Rather then send the food back and take another 20 minutes out of our lives we requested the check, ate what we could and left for a better experience at the movies. Maybe they were having an off night but I expected better.
3	Yes, it's a chain, but we decided to check it out since there aren't any locations in PA or NJ. Stopped here for a late dinner since it was close to our hotel. This place has a huge selection of draft beers. It's a great way to try new beers and included some beers we don't usually see offered back home. I was a fan of the two different Four Peaks beers I tried.We arrived a few minutes before 10PM and took our server's advice to wait til then for the late night HH to start. Included in the HH were drink specials and selected 1/2 price appetizers. We ordered a bunch of things to split- hot & spicy edamame, turkey club, pepperoni & mushroom pizza (HH special), and boneless buffalo wings (HH special). The food was good, but pretty standard.
2	Got seated quickly while it being busy on a Saturday night. I would not recommend ordering anything with chicken. The chicken in the nachos and the thai pizza were very bland. Like they just boiled it and put it in the food hoping that the sauces would cover up the blandness.  Then when we told the waitress that we didn't want to order anymore drinks and that we wanted our check, she took my glass that still had beer in it without asking me if I wanted it. Granted, it was a drink left, but I would like to be asked first before taking it in a rush. If you got to a Yard House, go to the one near West Gate. Better tasting good and better service.
3	Very good food, the portions are generous, and the alcohol selections are impressive at times. This location gives generous portions and I enjoy Yardhouses' location. It is right off the freeway and can easily be accessed. The staff members were always pleasant when I visited this restaurant. The beers are great, the cocktails get a thumbs up, and they do have TVS.   Great place - check it out!
5	I was in for lunch yesterday and had a great experience! The food was really good and the service was even better! My server Melanie was very personable and helpful. Couldn't of asked for a better lunch!
4	Soup was amazing. We had clam chowder and tomato bisque. Thai Chicken pizza was great also. A little bit loud. Dessert sampler...fantastic.
5	One of our favorite places to eat.  It's got a good atmosphere, although it's a bit noisy inside.  The sweet potato fries with maple bacon dip are great, as are the parmesan truffle fries.  We also love the halibut.
1	I use to go to Yardhouse all the time and I would eat the Ahi tuna.  This time, I walked in and ate it and immediately got sick.  We notified the manager and then went to, literally, throw up.  I threw up the ahi and went back to the table and felt completely fine.  The manager told me that it takes six to eight hours to get symtoms, but it clearly was the tuna.
1	Very disappointing especially for the price! Server was terrible. My food order was wrong so I had to wait for them to cook the meal I ordered while I watched my husband finish his food.  Then when my dinner finally arrived I shoveled my food down because we both couldn't wait to get out of there. Great date night.  Won't be going back.
4	The Happy Hour was available all over the restaurant and since the prices for this chain are generally high, getting a full-sized appetizer at half price is a great deal. The Chicken nachos was a huge order, full of big strips of white meat chicken and all the usual nacho stuff, but this version hit the oven to melt the cheese (no whiz junk). The chicken fingers and fries were smaller and the thin fries were not my favorite, but the dipping sauce on honey mustard was quite tasty. Plenty of TV sets were well positioned throughout most of the bar and we watched ASU lose to Arizona.
4	It's all about the beer. Pyramid apricot ale is why we go to the yard house. The service is always consistent and the wait time moves quickly if you are willing to sit on the patio. Quest dip and coconut shrimp are good appetizers.  We go for the beer!
1	I've been here no less than 10 times (a pertinent fact for this review). Prior to my last visit, this was always a 4-star place for me. They are very veg*n-friendly, and offer numerous veggie options, as well as Gardein options, which is a popular and yummy vegan protein manufacturer.  It was a great place for taking family and/or friends because there is something for everyone. I suggest going during Happy Hour: M-F, 3pm-6pm; M-Thur, 10pm-close.  You get 1/2 off of certain appetizers (and it's not just a few; there's a nice list from which to choose) and discounts off of sliders and other items.  Otherwise, it's over-priced.  They have drink specials too, but I don't drink so I'm not familiar with those offerings.My favorites are the Gardein Firecracker and Buffalo "wings" and the Gardein sliders (all available during HH). My order is a constant rotation of these three things; always.  When we visited this past Friday night, we ordered the Gardein Firecracker wings, Gardein Sliders, and there was a new appetizer that I decided to try: Crispy Brussels Sprouts and Potatoes.The Crispy Brussels Sprouts were uneven in their preparation. 1/2 of the Brussels Sprouts were quite undercooked; the other 1/2 were delicious and melted in your mouth, but not crispy, as the name implies. The potatoes in this dish were indeed crispy (and flavorful). My Gardein Firecracker wings came to my table and did not look like Firecracker wings at all.  They were sauceless pieces of Gardein with a side sauce.  I tasted the sauce and I didn't know what it was.  It took a while before our server returned.  He said he'd written down Jerk wings, which I've never ordered. Ever.  I advised him that I wanted Firecracker Gardein wings. His face went a little sour, but he took the plate back for a re-do. My Gardein Sliders came out with cheese.  This was my fault. I hadn't been here in a few months and had forgotten that they come with cheese because it is NOT listed in the description on their menu. Our waiter took this plate back as well to be remade. They really should revise their menu to include a thorough description of their food items. The Firecracker wings come back and some of them seem to be shaped a bit differently than the normal Gardein wings.  I bit into one and it was weird... I inspected it and found that it was real animal flesh.  After having already complained too much for my own liking, I flagged down the waiter and advised that I had been given real chicken instead of Gardein.  He stated that it was Gardein because of the special stick that was put in the dish, and that their Gardein is surprisingly chicken-like.  His assumption that I didn't know the difference, or that I was a Yard House noob angered me even more. THEN he proceeded to bring over a different waiter, saying that the new guy would be taking over because he had a plane to catch at 10pm and he had to go.  1 - it was already almost 10:15pm (as my DD immediately pointed out).  2 - When we were leaving, @ 45 minutes later, he was still there.   My conclusion: So he's a habitual liar?I didn't ask for a manager.   I didn't ask for the items to be removed from my $50 bill. I didn't stiff him on a tip (although it was substantially smaller than I would've normally given).  But I won't return to this location.  I'll proceed to the Fashion Square Mall or Glendale location when I need my Yard House fix.
5	This is a standard, yet always dependable place to meet friends and have lunch or dinner. they have some really good food and always consistant on the flavor and service. I will always come back!
4	Solid spot in town for a mega menu at nearly any time of the day until late into the evening.We've been to this location at desert ridge at least 10 times.  Consistent friendly service & great beer keep us coming back.  We like to share the sliders here though usually we will just come in for beer.  I like the Papago orange blossom beer or or their skinny margarita with no salt.  They also have a blonde redhead beer half and half mix of w frambrois (strawberry) beer and white hefewiezen.  Love it!The only negative is price. We've  found mellow mushroom at city north to have better happy hour and reverse after 10pm 7 days a week.
4	Stopped in for lunch today and tried the Hawaii burger and regular fries. A very good burger and my waiter (Andy) did a great job. Complaints?   The music is a bit too loud for my taste. 2 adult bevies and I'm out at $58 clams which includes a tip.  PS..... I'm not a beer dude but they have 118 beers on tap!If you're in the Desert Ridge area, give them a go.Thanks for reading .......
5	My co-worker has a son she is so proud of who is one of the chefs here. When she heard i had to travel to AZ for business; she convinced us to have dinner there one night. I was amazed! How do they make root vegetables (on a fence) so simply delicious? Not only was the food we ordered fabulous but the service was unmatched! They spoiled us and made our night unforgetable! Irene our waitress was just the right mix of providing service without obtrusiveness! After we paid the check we were treated to a rare brief look at the kitchen staff in action--communication and choreography was like the movies. Congratulations Tommy and colleagues on being the top of the heap in AZ !
4	I really like the restaurant however the checkin is in the middle of the restaurant.. I asked my server to put my drink in a tall glass, she said no so I ask another server for an empty water glass problem solved.. Lol the the food is good the service except for the glass was good. We will be back.. Btw the had Chamay!!!
4	Great Place...Great Happy Hour...Friendly Staff!
