1	After all the gambling and the shows...and sleeping only a few hours before going to the airport, I needed a REAL pick-me-up-healthy-drink. I came across this place and read Jamaican Jammer: non-fat yogurt, strawberries, and bananas. Mmmmmm, I thought. Perfect. But then....I saw the dude making my drink, and he poured in a MILK looking thing instead of yogurt. WTH? To top it off, I got a small bag of pretzels, and water for a total of $12.18. WTH?FAKE smoothie: $4.89 (Which tasted like crap.)SMALL bag pretzel: $3.39Dasani water: $2.99I understand "airport" prices...but this was a total rip off. Thanks for making my last Las Vegas impression totally horrible.
3	After traveling for most of the day and arriving for a lay-over in this terminal, a fruit smoothie from Freshens really hit the spot.  The portion was generous and the taste was fresh.  Not sure what more you can expect from a smoothie place in a tiny terminal at a Vegas airport!
3	s'not bad.  I'd been whining about wanting fro-yo for the entire week...lo and behold, there's a yogurt stand IN the terminal where I had four hours to kill before my flight.  Fate? I think not.  It was okay - the serving was rather large, but the price was also a bit inflated.  I suppose thats because we're in an airport, right?  RIGHT.
2	I got one of the crepes here and was somewhat disappointed. Well the fruit in the feeling was fresh and Nutella is always good, the pancake itself was too thick and tough. I can't see myself spending $7 or $8 on another one of thesePS they are very large so I recommend splitting it with someone if you choose to spend your money.
2	First of all, it's not a smoothie. It's syrup and ice. Should have just got a soda. At least my teeth wouldn't feel like cavities were literally forming as I drank. All I wanted was a healthier option and now I'm going into a sugary diabetic coma and probably going to miss my flight. Overpriced airport fare as expected. Blah.
5	Great service, great smoothies! The prices for the smoothies are good! Just like Jamba Juice! I suggest hitting this place up whenever in the A gates and leave a BIG tip! They work hard and deserve better than the cheap people at the airport to be rude to them!
