5	Ordered take out from here on recommendation from a friend.  Hands down the best asian food in Terrebonne and some of the best Thai food in Montreal.  The difference between this and many Thai places is most places have General Tao's chicken and various (Quebec asian favourites)  other stuff I try to avoid!  This place you can have it as spicy as you want.  We ordered #12 Som Tum (Green Papaya salad)  and I ask for it mild but my wife cannot eat it because it is too hot for her.  I order medium before and loved it but my wife was gasping for water!  Delish!!  Also ordered #84 beef with red curry (very rich thick coconut milk!),  Also Chicken Phad Saew (very nice flavour) and my wife's favourite # 73 Gai Just thai (chicken with lemongrass and coriander).  They have 111 items on the menu so definitely something for everyone!  This restaurant is a tad more than your regular Thai or asian place but the authenticity is definitely worth it.
4	Again, another amazing meal last night!  Ordered Som Tam, Gai Just Thai, Moo Phad Khing and a Phad Kee Mao.  Thanks guys!
5	Authentic flavors, generous portions and great staff! The lychee martini inventive and delish. The pad thai has complex flavors and a perfect amount of heat! The only downside is when I go back home to Tennessee nothing else will even compare!
5	The cusine is EXCELLENT and authentic. The ambiance is comfortable, the decor is fresh and inviting. Dia has an interest in his customers and will greet everyone who comes in the door. The volume of food you get for the price is awesome. The waitresses are sweet andattentive. If I lived near I would eat there 4-5 times a week!! 5 stars!!!
5	Hands down one of the best restaurants in Terrebonne. Awesome authentic Thai food. I wish I could go more often!
5	Let me just say that I lived in Thailand and took cooking lessons there... I've been looking for a restaurant that tastes just like what I ate in Thailand... I found it... It's easily the greatest, most tastiest thai food in Quebec... Bravo Just Thai we love you;)
