5	You really can't miss this locally owned BBQ Joint. They carry everything from the Beef brisket, Ribs, homemade Mac & Cheese to Beef sausage. All the sides are great and the Slaw is outstanding, ok I'm picky about my Slaw. We are up in the University and drive down for the food every other week. I also bought one of their Turkeys for thanksgiving and it was so good I had them cater a golf outing this past spring. People came up to me saying it was some of the best BBQ they have ever had, period.Check it out and if you have an event Dave was more than willing to make everything go off without a hitch. Thanks Again.
4	The Q Shack is really quite good. The meat is awesome, the staff is very friendly, and the location is super clean. I love how they cover different regions of BBQ with their vinegar and sweet sauces. Their specials are totally a good value. This place is located in a sort of food desert which makes it even more special. The area is host to a various who's who of corporate chains, The Q shack is owned and managed by two dudes who are college pals. Their information states they can cater for up to 5000 people!
4	Nice...I've eaten at several Q Shack's around NC and this one lives up to the reputation.  I had pulled pork...always good. The sauce has a little kick to it so don't get caught off guard. Depending upon your "spicy/hot" tolerance (mine is really low) taste test it first but for me it is great. Love it, will be back for more.
4	I was here Sunday for a quick bite.  Had the BBQ sandwich and jalepeno deviled eggs and potato salad.  Great BBQ (mustard based) for kind of a fast-food type place.  LOVE the 35 cent deviled eggs!  Clean place with quick service - I recommend this place!
3	I had an hankering (wha???) for some BBQ but my usual haunts were all closed. So I could either delay my desires (which I would rather never do) or try the only BBQ place I could find open: The Q-Shack.  My first visit may not have been a good representation of what they had to offer. It was just before closing time and everything had that "leftovers" feel: just tired of being hot food.  Still I had the brisket, took it to go and enjoyed it at home.  It was a far cry from the brisket I was dreaming of from Uncle Billy's in Austin Tx but it was better than any brisket I was eating currently.This week I went back and ordered the brisket with pasta salad and mac and cheese (yeah a lot of noodles). This time, the brisket was better but the pasta salad still had that store-brought taste.  Don't get the wrong: the food isn't bad at all but the price leaves me wishing the sides were on par with the meat.  In my local ranking of BBQ, Q-shack is a solid 4th place.
4	I really like the ribs here.  I don't think I've ever had the pulled pork, but the ribs are huge and seriously meaty.  There have been times when I've ordered 1/2 rack and can't finish them.  Hush puppies are good, mac & cheese and cole slaw are solid.  The price is so reasonable.  If you find yourself in the area you really can't go wrong here!
3	Pretty tasty diversion for you BBQ delinquents.  This ain't quite Texas BBQ, but it's doggone close.  As long as you give this lively gentleman a choice of tomato-base sauce, I'm all right.Beef brisket sandwich was on point. Fried okra was crispy.  The hush puppies were tender.My only complaint: with all the sports memorabilia plastered on the walls, you'd think they'd put a TV or two in here.That is all.
4	I'll work from the standpoint that I am a tough grader and therefore an "A" (aka, 5 stars) is very difficult to get.However, this is a uniformly good restaurant. My wife and I have eaten there numerous times, and between us we've had just about everything on the menu.Pulled pork sandwiches are excellent, but the brisket is also very good (especially the brisket sandwich), the "Cobb Salad" variation is wonderful, the ribs are great. I don't think the prices are outrageous, the staff is personable and quick (say hi to Tony) and the entire meal takes as long as you wish to linger, not as long as they take to serve you.Good sides, free hushpuppies and a blues playlist on the speakers to add just the right touch of ambience.Stop reading this and go.
3	Quick and great service, above average food.Not quite the 'good' BBQ you can get in Texas or elsewhere in NC, but pretty darn close. If you're nearby and in mood for some bbq, then give it a shot.The jalapeno deviled eggs aren't all that. That maybe the 'Indian' (Asian) in me talking, but I found it bland and too cold.
4	This one great place to eat BBQ!!! Really, my only complaints are they do not have chopped NC BBQ and the meat portions are too small for the price! Other than that, it's really good. Don't get me wrong, I like pulled pork too, but I just prefer chopped BBQ.  The meat is really tender and the sides tasted so good especially the cole slaw.    The next best thing are the prices! most BBQ joints in the Charlotte area try to get whole paycheck when you come eat there, but the Q Shack has affordable prices. They also have lunch specials, which are an even better deal. I can actually stop in for lunch, have great BBQ, some fries and a drink for way less than 10 dollars, which seem to be the going rate at other BBQ eats in the area. 10 dollars is just way to much for a working man's lunch, to me!   The owner is way cool as well. He has the inside done up with all kinds of sports teams, but he himself is a HUGE Steelers fan. I can deal with that. He will talk sports and BBQ with ya all you want and I can talk them there subjects all day long. I urge to givew them try so we don't lose the cheapest, GOOD BBQ in town. the owner say his ribs are spectactular so needless to say I will be grazin' on them bad boys in the very near future.  I want to end this review by saying to all the BBQ purists out there like me that crave some CHOPPED BBQ, PLEASE try 521 BBQ. Justr head out 521 until you see the Sun City retirement complex and they're about 2 or 3 miles on the left past that. I'm a tellin' ya'll's, that's some damn good BBQ! It's a little expensive, but it' is off the chain. It's easily, from the about 25 BBQ restaurants I have tried in the Charlotte area, the best and reminds me of my beloved Wilbur's and such in eastern NC.
5	I can't say I'm an authority on BBQ, but the ribs here are nothing short of stellar. I just got the 1/2 rack of ribs, and 6 huge, tasty, fall-off-the-bone ribs showed up. With sides of potato salad and collards - it made an amazing meal. While I tried and tried, I couldn't quite finish the ribs (yay leftovers!) - but I'm definitely left much more than satisfied. Anytime I come to Charlotte from now on - this is the place I will look forward to (previously on the list were Sticky Fingers and 521 BBQ).
2	I was pleasantly surprised to find there is a Q Shack in Charlotte since it was always one of my favorite places in Durham.  After this visit, I'll probably go back since it's got lots of nostalgia for me (and is close to work).But seriously- 3 hushpuppies!!!???!!!??  Three.  One.  Two.  Three.  Not four.  One less.  Three.  Definitely not five.  More like three.  And while we're on the topic of me stuffing my face with way more atherosclerotic foods than I should, the brisket portion was a little skimpy.Someone should go visit the original location and take notes.  Eating at this place was like Q Shack that was left in the dryer too long.
4	I really like this place for their fresh sides. Their mac and cheese is really good. The fried okra is served up fresh. My wife goes for the veggie plate. I like the BBQ chicken. Very tender. I also like the brisket. Not many places in NC you can get that. Medium price, but worth it.
3	Really good smoked turkey. Hush puppies are good also. Side dishes need some work. Chipolte blue cheese dressing for their salads is exceptional. All in all, not bad.
3	Overall decent.  Don't eat pork, but usually get the chicken salad or turkey plate.  Good..kids like the pork.
4	This franchised location of a Triangle staple is quickly becoming one of our go-to options in the South Charlotte / East Ballantyne / Providence neck of the woods. In fact, this barbecue joint, along with the Total Wine, Yoforia and Home Depot located nearby, is quickly making the Promenade on Providence a frequent midweek stop for our family. First, this place fully plays to my Pittsburgh bias, so let's get that out of the way. The owner is originally from Western Pennsylvania but has been in Charlotte over 15 years, and the guy's certainly learned more than his fair share about barbecue and the delicious sides to go with it. A few small pieces of Pittsburgh sports memorabilia on the walls let you know you've found a place that embraces the black and gold, but none of the decor gets in the way of the real showpiece here: the food. My wife and I have enjoyed every meal we've had here, including the entrees - pulled pork sandwich, mustard pork sandwich, brisket, and smoked turkey - and the sides (sandwiches come with one, platters come with two) - collards, mac n cheese, baked beans - and hushpuppies (a few are included with every meal). They offer three different sauces, too, to apply according to your taste. There's a vinegar-base, a tomato-base, and a mustard-base that's tweaked just enough to be different from the Carolina mustard sauce you may be used to. Tea and soft drinks are your only beverage options; that, combined with a newer, more commercial location, give The Q Shack a much different feel than my other two BBQ favorites in Charlotte: Mac's Speed Shop and Sauceman's. It's a perfect place to bring our son for a quick, early evening out and it can also be especially affordable if you're a daily special kind of person. In addition to an already fairly-priced menu, this location has a $4.95 special all day every day, and sometimes it has two. The last time we visited, for example, they had a salad topped with egg, BBQ chicken, and pulled pork as one selection and another featuring a sandwich filled with their pulled pork soaked in mustard sauce. And if the kids are coming along, Wednesday is Kids Eat for $1 Day (w/ purchase of a regular meal, natch). So, if you're in the Promenade area and want a reliable spot for lunch or dinner that offers good taste, variety and value, give The Q Shack a try.
3	I am not a huge fan, but every now and then,  David wants to grab a bite of BBQ and the Q Shack is convienently located.  The service is pretty quick and the food is a-ok.  I get the smoked turkey.  The mac-n-cheese is not great, but I've had worse.
2	This place is..... ok considering how commercial they are . Not sure if all the food is tasted while cooking or after so it just seemed a little 'off" Its in a "High End" location so you pay more just because, of were it is. If it was 1 mile down the road it would be about half price.I had a wide selection and some seemed to be brought in from a food truck or at least the taste was that.                    Not sure but...... if I had a BBQ joint  I would  have something always smoking they do not. If nothing else make smoked chicken wings or chicken its cheap plus the smell brings people in . Hey how about Bologna Smoked ? Look you have lemons make Lemon aid. And veg smoke peppers onions Yummm have a smoked pizza?Anyway that's my story and I am sticking with it
5	Great food the smoked sausage is awesome
4	Hello Charlotte Yelpers.  I'm in town visiting my sister and I want to try some Q. This place is  just down the street from her house so it seems to be a good place to start. It was a mixed bag but mostly pretty good. I had the pulled pork sandwich and mom had the pulled chicken. The pulled pork was ok but the chicken was  excellent. They offer two sauces, vinegar based and tomato based. Neither is stellar but they're not bad and compliment the meat well. We got our food to go and, in a nice touch, they pack the meat separate from the bread when you get a sandwich so it's not a soggy mess when you get it home.  As for sides the mac and cheese is REALLY good and flavorful, we both agreed that the potato salad was kind of plain. The baked beans were flavorful but one of the main flavors seems to be tomato and I'm not a big tomato fan but that's just me.  The hush puppies are very good as are the onion rings.They also do catering and offer their meats by the pound so if you like it you can get a pile of it. I was driving so I didn't partake but they have a nice selection of local handcrafted beers. The prices were, in my opinion, a little on the expensive side for what you get but not outrageous. If I could I'd probably give them 3.5 stars but I'll round it up. If you're in this area and feel like some decent Q I'd say check  them out.
4	Happy to have tried out The Q Shack. Very friendly and helpful staff!  Great tasting pulled pork.  Plan on visiting again!!
4	Awesome, awesome, awesome ribs and banana pudding.  The rest of the BBQ is also very good, but very good is common in Charlotte when it comes to pulled pork BBQ.  Their ribs, however are a rarity and worth the trip. They are also priced pretty much in line with other higher end BBQ places in charlotte.  I bring out of town guests here, but steer them to the ribs.
4	Can't beat the food and the price. Your food order is waiting by the time you get to the cashier; boy have they got their act together. Macaroni Grill could learn something from these guys. Food is consistently good and fairly priced. Great pulled pork and a generous serving. If you  get their salad as a main or side, you need to try the Ranch dressing, homemade and delicious.
4	Great value for consistently good food.  I keep getting the pulled pork sandwich. Need to try something else. They also have a wide range of sides, many of which are home made and done well. The place runs like a clock.
2	I guess I am going to be the problem child in what appears to be quite a few good reviews.  After recently moving right next to Promenade, I needed a break from unpacking boxes, so my parents swung by to check the new digs out and I took them to lunch.  BBQ sounded good to everyone and after eating at The Q Shack quite a while ago (years...?), I thought I had enjoyed it.  Either I was really hungry that day, or there have been some changes since the last time I visited.Located at Promenade at Providence, this restaurant has a prime corner space at the end of one of the buildings.  There is parking directly in front and at 12:45 on a Friday, there were plenty of places to park.We all ordered the hickory smoked pork butt - me and mom got platters that come with 2 sides, dad got a sammich.  The trays were whisked down the line and quickly assembled.  Dad ordered fries with his sandwich and was told they would be brought to the table as they were being freshly made.  The breakdown:Smoked pork butt:  The meat is too spicy/vinegary.  I like plain to mildly seasoned meat that I can then add sauce to - I want to be able to taste the smokiness of the meat, not vinegar and spicy pickle juice.  I was also with my late-60's parents who don't like spicy foods (but they are both sports, so they trudged on since I paid for lunch).  The sauces were both pretty thin, more spice and I wasn't impressed with either.  The meat was tender and well cooked though.Mac and cheese:  Peppery, not cheesy.  Bad.  Cole slaw:  So DRY!  Was there even any dressing in it?  It honestly tasted like the bag of ready-made cole slaw you can find in the HT produce section that they waved a mayonnaise jar over without actually putting any in.  Slaw mix was fresh, but way too dry.Fries:  Like a blind date from my matchdotcom days - limp and greasy.  They appeared to be fresh cut, but again, just not good.Hush puppies - AWESOME!  The only part of the meal that I enjoyed. They had banana pudding as a dessert, but after nothing in the meal tasted good to me, I dared not try it.  For the 3 of us to eat, with drinks, was $30, which for lunch was reasonable, but the only thing that I actually enjoyed were the hush puppies.
5	I've been a consistent customer of the Q since they opened. But, it wasn't until this week that I finally tried their brisket and sausages. Both were very good. The brisket was very moist, had a great crust and was tender to the bite. The sausages were smoked, juicy and had a lot of flavor. The Q staff has always been very friendly and accommodating. While it's a franchise, the guys put their own spin on the bbq and deliver a high quality meal every time.
4	Quick work lunch and wanted to try something new.  I am not a huge BBQ fan but my coworker is moving back up north and needs his BBQ fix before he leaves the good ole south!  I really enjoyed the food at Q Shack I had a salad special (I know what your thinking you ordered a salad at a BBQ restaurant) don't judge me it came with pulled pork and pulled chicken and was quite delicious and the three hush puppies that ended up on my plate were a great surprise.  I tried the chipotle BBQ sauce which was very tasty as well as their spicy blue cheese dressing.  And I must admit the Pittsburgh paraphernalia already had me liking this place go Pens!
3	BBQ Sauces are what I enjoyed most!  The Sauces are close to 4 yelp starsOne of the three "linemen" wanted to be helpful and was very patient while his co-workers were interrupting as if there others behind me waiting... Guess they are trained herders which is OK with me... This level of Service is OK.... I give the Service 4 stars for Entertaining Borderline Rudeness, it is entertaining enough for 4 stars or close enoughHow was the food?  3 stars or less! Wish I were eating Korean!  Ready, Steady GO: Pulled Pork good flavor, just no better than "good" 3 stars Beef Sausage 2.76 starsBrunswick Stew 2.45 starsBeef Brisket 1.73 starsExtras not counted : Collard Greens 2.72 starsHush Puppies 3 starsThe Dude mostly taking my order should be working in a MUCH Higher Scale Restaurant!!!  Your efforts are appreciated and if the manager says hurry the customers, remember One Day you will get to work in an Industry where your Talents are VALUED! !! !!!
2	I want to like this place, I really do.  I can't get over 3 things:  1)  Their bbq is just OK.  Sauces are good (at least 4 stars), but the meat, by itself, just isn't that great.  Their sides are just OK, too.  Mashed sweet potatoes, potato salad, barbequed pinto beans, etc.....  just average.  Not really much flavor to anything I've ever had there (roughly 4-5 experiences).  Even their sweet tea is just OK - not bad, but not memorable in any way.  2)  Their prices are much higher than their competition.  If I'm going to pay this much, I want to eat Midwood Smokehouse or Mac's.  3)  It drives me nuts when restaurants weigh out portion sizes.  Especially BBQ joints.  Feels like I'm in a Subway.  I understand it's part of their business model to control portion sizes, but c'mon man!?!?!Service is great.  The guys behind the counter are always helpful, fast, and fun to engage in conversation, but the food is average at best.
2	Smoked meat is not bbq!  In NC, if it ain't pork it's not bbq.  Granted I know that Charlotte isn't really NC or in the South culturally.  I had the Boston Butt sandwich.  It was really nothing special, and I could make it myself.  The meal was $10 for a sandwich side and tea, so I think that's a little pricey for the quality.  The side (mashed sweet potatoes) were ok, and the hush puppies were also okay.  I may go back to try some other items on the menu, but over all I just wasn't impressed.
4	We went here on Saturday for lunch. We're not really in this area that often but when we are we like to stop by and get their BBQ. I've lived all over the country and my family finally settled in NC about 12 years ago. Since we've been here I've missed any form of tomato based BBQ sauce. I never got adjusted to NC bbq eastern or western, it's nice to have a place where I can find an alternative NC sauces. The hush-puppies here are delicious!
4	Lunch this past Saturday. For me the best pulled pork in the area. That with a side salad and their homemade ranch dressing is my half hearted attempt at a healthy lunch. The hush puppies were done perfectly.
3	Just blah.  Hush puppies and turkey were good.  Otherwise the kids pushed around their mac and cheese and the pork was dry.  They have a big sign advertising brunswick stew.  It should say brunswick soup.   People talk about the sauces.  The sauces are flavored (badly) water, no texture, and add nothing.  Small portion sizes for the price.  Overall just mediocre.  First and last visit.
3	Average BBQ food with great service.  They had some nice Carolina style BBQ sauce which had vinegar in it.  That was the best part of the pulled pork that I had.  Fries had nice seasoning to them and hushpuppies were typical.  If I am in the area again I would visit this place over typical fast food chains, but only if I was in the area.  I wouldn't go out of my way to visit this place again.
4	Love the sausage! That is my favorite here; best meat they have. Ribs are very good, pork is average. Turkey is also very good. Sides are good here, the deviled eggs you must try.
4	While visiting some friends we got to try a nice variety of meats from here. The ribs were my favorite. Pork was decent and smoked turkey as well. Overall, just about everything we tried had a nice smokey flavor and was cooked just to our liking.I'm not from North Carolina, so I can't really compare this place to any other local Charlotte BBQ joints.  However, I can say I would definitely go back for the ribs.
4	This place has some great BBQ. The guys there are always nice and the good is reliably good. My only complaint is I feel the portions are a little small for the price.
4	Three stars for food. Four stars for service. The brisket was very good. Their tomato based sauce was excellent. The letdown of the meal was undoubtedly the sides. Everything was so bland. The potato salad and beans, in particular, were quite bad.  The Mac and cheese and okra didn't fare much better.  Fries were okay. The hush puppies were my favorite side. The service was so great though!  Quick, helpful and friendly. And for two kids and one adult, I spent less than $20, which I consider to be a good deal. For quick serve BBQ, I much prefer Dickey's in Ballantyne. But, The Q Shack beats them on service.
3	Great, delicious food, but for the money, I want to leave a BBQ place feeling like I just ate a horse... Portions a little too small...
4	I like this little place.  I've been here twice now and have gotten the brisket plate/sandwich both times.  It's very good!  They have a larger selection of sides, that usually has me waiting just in front of the counter trying to figure out what to order.  Fried okra was my choice last night - crispy and fried just right so that you don't hate yourself after.  Haha.  The food all seems very fresh, the staff is very friendly and helpful.  Dine in, eat outside, or take it home! Perfect for a quick, cheap, solid dinner choice.
3	Pork BBQ sandwich was very good.  Two available sauces at the table, one vinegar based, one saucy...both were good.  Beer on the menu to include some local NoDa options.  Service was quick and friendly.
