4	I've spent some amount of time down south feasting like a ravenous coyote on the delicious Smoked BBQ, and also southern cooking. Coming back to Canada, I tried finding a decent smokehouse. There was the ever trusty delicious Mesquite but for a carless citizen like myself it's a bit out of the way, I have to be properly motivated to head down there. Recently more smokehouses have cropped up, to my smokehousy glee. One of them is the underrated and under-advertized Bofinger Authentic American BBQ. Which I didn't know even existed until a few months ago. And they actually have more than one storefront. Why did no one tell me of this earlier?And they make some seriously good grub to. They serve it  smokehouse style where you walk up to the counter order the grub and go sit down in black leather booths while you listen to delta blues. The ribs are outstanding, not the sloshy over-braised crap you'll find in Montreal (This excludes Bar B Barns which has its own style). These ribs are tender, tasty and taste like smoked ribs should and not mopped with tons sauce, just a slight touch of which there are plenty to chose from. I propose the Memphis sauce but that's up to you. The pulled pork sandwich is what pulled pork sandwiches are made of. The pork is freaking awesome, the slaw is crunchy and perfectly acidic and the bun, the holy good god what is this bun is perfectly balanced with the sandwich. Easily the best pulled pork I've had in Montreal. Then there's the sides, as earlier, the slaw is perfect, the Mac n Cheese (obligatory in southern cooking, if you don't have Mac n Cheese, you do not offer southern cooking) is exactly how I'd love to make it. Though the savoriness of the ribs, pork and slaw, might make the mac feel underwhelming but it's not, it's perfect. The potato salad, another southern staple, misses the mark by including olives. I've never met a southern potato salad with olives before and I hate olives with a passion so they were a disappointment. They also have other goodies I'll be eating very soon, the pulled pork poutine (DUH!), they also serve an "authentic cheesesteak sandwich" and having lived in Philly, it better be damn good but I'm looking forward to trying that also even though it's not a southern sandwich. They have a brisket sandwich as well, wonder if I can just get the meat as a side.Where's the corn? Tasty BBQ is only improved with a corncob either boiled or grilled. Sadly they have no corncobs on their menu. Also where's the sweet tea served in a Mason jar? And my single true point of contention is that the hot food is only warm at best. One of the cool parts of eating a delicious pulled pork sandwich is the steaming hot pulled pork contrasted by a crunchy and cold slaw, which is a close your eyes and go to never-never-land good.Though not a real southern BBQ pit smokehouse, it's a rock solid taste experience and deserves better recognition.
5	Bofinger is BBQ ribs HEAVEN. They're big, meaty, juicy and saucy. You gotta eat them with your hands, and you get it all over your hands and face. They dont give you an entire roll of kitchen towels at every table for nothing! The ribs are SO good. Perfectly cooked, fall off the bone, and seriously good seasoning. Kind of what dreams are made of.They also serve up some really cheap beer to go with the BBQ fetish goin' on there. And that's fine by me. Cheap beer while I get my hands all over these delicious ribs? Yes please!I must make a trip back!24/30
5	Seriously. The BEST poutine there is! Love how they alternate fries and cheese so you have an even distribution of it! And the sauce! Oh gosh! Peppery, meaty, so so so savoury! And do add the pulled pork with it! Tadam! you have the PERFECT poutine!Love the concept as well. Although the decor seems chic, it is an order yourself and sit and eat kind of place.  With a self-serve drink station and a roll of napkins at every table, you just feel laid back, ready to attack your ribs or whatever smoked goods you ordered! Just love this place!
3	So, not the best southern BBQ I've had, but definitely some of the best southern BBQ fast-food in the city.It's fun because you order up at the counter, and then take your BBQ feast back to a table that has a big roll of paper towels instead of napkins. They're also usually playing blues or southern rock, unless there's a game on, in which case you can watch it on any one of several screens.I'd recommend the brisket and riblet sandwiches, but caution against the beef ribs -- they're dry and unimpressive.Also, they have a game day pack for about $130 that can feed a small army. Definitely worth checking out if you're looking for a fun alternative to pizza or catering.
3	I had my first experience at Bofinger after having heard great things from many people, and unfortunately, the place did not live up to my expectations. It is not that the food wasn't good - The pork ribs that I ordered were good, the sauce was tasty, and the french fries were crispy.There was nothing wrong with my place, but I felt like everything about this place was just satisfactory.I definitely like the concept (honestly, it reminds me of the "fast food" steakhouses that are so numerous in the US!) - It is a breath of fresh air in the deep sea of burger restaurants that seem to be multiplying in the downtown area! Will have to visit again, and give this restaurant the second chance that it deserves.
4	It's been open for over 2-3 years now and it's been grabing some regulars and BBQ lovers all over the place. It's quite a nice place to get a meal, I wish i'd give them a 3 1/2 star for 2-3 reasons: 1) the services is slow. Not the fault of the cooks, simply just not enough staff works! 2) The Cash and the cook, same person: Not a fan of that method; it's an invitation for cross-contamination . 3) The fries were a bit too fried. Otherwise, food is amazing, the sauces are to die for and it's a fast food that pretty much makes everything Home made. Homemade smoked bacon, home made sauces, home made fries. No shortcut for 3-4 ingredient recipes. Not a Mac N Chess person, but they got a crowd for it as it's a favorite for lot of people. They have changed the look. They Now Delivery.
2	For the price, I suppose it wasn't too bad. You have to consider that this is fast food. That being said, I ordered pulled pork with coleslaw and fries as sides. The pork was dry and very chewy (not at all what I expected from a BBQ). Fries were not warm, but were cooked from fresh potatoes. The real winner is the BBQ sauce, but they don't give enough in my opinion. I would say portion size are leaning towards large. Overall, I probably won't go back, but if you are looking for a quick sample of BBQ in the city for a cheap price, then this is probably not a bad option.
4	I really really love this place for a quick and delicious value meal.I've been a bunch of times and always get their pulled chicken sandwich combo for 10$.  I love that you decide what goes in it, in terms of sauce and toppings. The bun also has a great texture.Mac and cheese is my favorite side, it's creamy cheesy, not heavy. I've tried their chili too and it's very chunky and hearty, although a bit too spicy for my taste.Service is also excellent, the owner, Jim,  at this particular University location is very accommodating. I did not realise that during the months of January and February, they are closed on sundays which I was disappointed to learn, since it was not mentioned on their site or FB page. When I had inquired about it, I received a discount on my next meal.The only reason I'm not rating this place 5 stars is because, depending  on time of day, some of their pulled chicken or pulled pork can be a bit dry. I don't know how long in advance they prepare them for, but if isn't a busy day, the quality of food isn't as good.I still recommend this place for a quick bite of southern style bbq, there's nothing like it in the surrounding downtown area.Btw, this place does not offer free wifi for guests, but it's neighboring a Tim Hortons so you may be able to access theirs.
3	Food okay. Service mediocre. Decor bland.   My bf and I both ordered pork ribs... What I got was beef. I'm A carnivore so I just ate it... I'm not one to waste meat by sending it back.
2	I was hopeful this would be great but it was just OK.  They ran out of pulled chicken so I got the chicken breast. It was decent and the BBQ sauce was fine.  Sides are not great (fries and simple iceberg lettuce salad).  Felt hungry afterwards.  Staff were ok but it took time to get them to clean off the table.
3	The mac'n cheese was really lacking flavour. The Texas BBQ beans and brisket were excellent. The chicken a bit dry. And they dont give you enough sauce!!
5	Pulled pork? Brisket? I can't decide! Toppings? I get to choose? And the sides? Delicious too. And the price? Great value! I absolutely love me some Bofinger.Get some!
1	Do yourself a favor and don`t go there!!!! Sure in theory pulled pork with mac&cheese sounds like a great plan but Kraft dinner puts the mac & cheese there to shame and the pulled pork well not only was cold but taste like ****, maybe I had a bad batch but the frozen pulled pork from Costco tastes much better in the microwave.To be fair its more of a fast food place than actually casual dinner place but for me doesn't do it.
