4	sure, all of us has had ramen...whether its the college staple of top ramen to the exotic kim-chee korean ramen bowls.  i finally found a great japanese ramen restaurant in las vegas.  this was an accidental, but a much needed find.   it's also surprisingly located near, but not on the strip.  it's actually located across the Hard Rock Hotel-Casino, next to a decent pho restaurant (it's like soup country!!!).   The ramen noodles will be in a stock created from pork and chicken bone, and then the kicker zing is when the stock is seasoned with soy sauce.  by far my most favorite ramen to order is the Tsukemen.  i love this b/c it's not your typical big bowl o' ramen.  it's actually a two separate items...a plate full of cold ramen egg noodles, and a hot bowl of ramen stock filled with a hard boiled egg, some salty pieces of charshu (pork), and garnished with some cabbage, green onions, and seaweed.  you basically take some noodles into your soup spoon and dip it into the broth.   i always order this at this restaurant.  no other restaurant in vegas (so far i have found) has this dish.  They also have a similar dish with crispy salty fried chicken instead of pork.  I also love the uni-ikura bowl...chunks of chilled creamy orange uni (sea urchin)  topped with a plethora of the salty orange ikura (salmon roe) on top of sushi rice garnished with sesame seed and nori strips.  there are many things on the menu.  they have many more types of ramen, but i just can't stray from my favorite.  so, if you're looking for a hot bowl of ramen on a cold evening in vegas, i really suggest this place.  the bad-ass thing about this place is that it opens at 11:30am and closes at 2am!!  it even has a small grocery store inside, so you can find weird japanese snacks, candies and drinks.  also, many of the customers of this place are japanese.   With that being said, you gotta try it!!!
4	My Vegas go to man comes through again!Craving some Agedashi Tofu, we called Yokohama Kaigenro to see if they had any.  They said they did.  So off to the strip we were headed to fill my belly with this yummy stuff.  First off, you got to love a menu with Japanese and English on it.  (I mean, do they really have that many Japanese people eating there?  Yes they do!  The waitresses are all Japanese and so are the sushi chefs!)  Their menu also has pictures to help you out, so that makes it all that much more easier.We ordered the Tsukemen, which was an order of ramen noodles and another bowl of soup with tofu, pork, hard boiled egg, etc.  Usually, most ramen places combine this stuff into one heaping bowl for you, but they separate it out for you here.  We also ordered their special Uni Ikura Rice Bowl, with was a layer of rice slathered with Uni and then topped with Ikura.  Sprinkles of seaweed flakes and sesame seeds rounded out this dish.  I am usually not an Uni fan and will never order the stuff.  But I decided to give it another try and it was way creamy and yummy.  My friend was forced to share this lovely concoction with me! Haha!  This also came with a bowl of miso soup.  Although noted on the wall that this order was $15.95, we were charged only $9.95.  We're not sure if this was a mistake on their part, or if this was their lunch price.  My only complaint really was their version of what they said was Agedashi Tofu.  It really was deep fried tofu covered in a thick gravy sauce, not what I had in mind.  This version is what I can get in a Chinese restaurant, and I was looking for something a bit lighter.  So, you won't find me ordering this again.  They also played an LV local radio station and got a fan out of me.  With two TVs going on, there can be a lot of distractions though.  Another little perk is their little market right when you walk in.  They sell anything from rice, to tempura batter, to fresh veggies or Japanese snacks.  Now, how often can you go out for lunch and dinner, and then grab some groceries while you're there?You'll find me slurping noodles at this place, or getting my face mixed into the Sea Urchin/Salmon Roe concoction.  Yum-my!Update! 11/13/06 - Do NOT try the Potato Yam/Tuna concoction on rice.  The waitress recommended it and it was an oh-so bad choice!  The yam stuff was a slimy white mess that reminded me of something else that should not be consumed on rice with tuna.  Yuck yuck yuck!  I'm not changing my stars though because it's because of them that I'm a converted Uni lover!  *sigh*Update! 04/01/07 - They changed their menus...which means their prices went up.  I ordered the Ikura/Uni bowl as I always do.  Not only was the presentation a bit different, but it seems like you get less now and you have to pay more for it though.  Sad sad.
4	I make it a point to come here when I visit Las Vegas.  I know I can eat prime rib and crab legs at the casino buffets, but for some reason this place really has a place in my heart...and stomach.Last year I went there with 2 other people and we ordered about 9 things!  It was sooo delicious!  We saw someone order this fried rice covered with an omelete looking thing and gravy all over!  Yummy!  We ordered it as well, and we went crazy over it.This past weekend I went there again, and we ordered the tempura, nigiri Salmon sushi, cold noodle, and the rice omelete thing.  It was excellent!  The omelete could have been a little more salty, but it was fantastic none the less.Next time I want to try this cold green tea looking drink.  Highly Recommended!
5	"Hey, Linds, want to go get some ramen at Kaigenro?" To which I reply, "Do chickens like to peck? I sure do!"Our good friend Mr.Matsui introduced us to this little gemuvajoint. We sat in awe while he inhaled his entire bowl of soup long before ours was cool enough to sip. In fact, I'm quite sure our soups were still boiling when served to us. I don't know how he does it, or how he can taste anything anymore. Anyway, this place is absolutely wonderful. The service is very pleasant and helpful, and their ramen is just the bee's knees. Of course, the portions are so large, they're perfect for sharing. In fact, I recommend it, as I've never come close to finishing a whole order.There's a neat little market right when you walk in, and I suggest taking a look around. The Japanese have this miracle concoction that comes in a little tiny packet that is the closest thing to a cure for a hangover I've found. I can't remember the name right now, but it's easy to spot given my description. It contains mint. Very pleasant. Anyhow, there's other neat stuff in the shop as well. I just can't think of anything else just as important.
4	Yelpers come through again. I went here on your recommendations and was not disappointed. We shared a Kaigen sampler appetizer plate, which was really freaking good. After that came a huge bowl of Kaigen ramen, which, while not incredible, was well worth the money paid, and that's important when it comes to dining in Vegas. Most of the clientele was Asian, and all the waitresses spoke Japanese. I don't, but if you do I'm sure you can make good use of it here. Well worth finding this place.
5	I love this place! This place is not super trendy or fancy, and it's easy to miss,  but I am so glad my friend turned me onto this place.  I have had several ramen bowls there, but I really like the won ton ramen.  I have also had the soft shell crab as an appetizer. Another great deal is the ramen and sushi bowl combos.  It is PLENTY of food and it's only about $8-$9. This place is definitely worth checking out!
4	I was perusing Yelp looking for a good ramen house to go to before I had to fly back to The Bay.This spot had high marks.  Japanese owned. Close to McCarran International Airport. Good for the "I just got here, lets get a quick bite in me before I lose all my money" missionOn the flip side, good for that dismal "I lost all my money, let's get a quick bite in me before I fly my broke ass home" mission.This place delivered in the sense that I was pleasantly surprised to find this quality in a strip mall.Sapporos were ice cold.Curry was good.Gyoza was good.Katsu was good.Noodles had perfect consistency and texture.  It just feels weird to me to say "al dente" in describing ramen... Dashi....no where near the level of Santa Ramen in San Mateo.Are they using that disgusting Las Vegas water to make their stock?I mean, it didn't taste bad, it didn't even not taste good...It just didn't taste.... great.  You know, that "Holy s--t I really shouldn't be drinking all this broth but I can't stop" great.If you've ever had ramen that good, you know what I mean.When the noodles were gone, I stopped slurping.Then my broke ass flew home.
4	Thank you LV Yelpers!!! While I found Togoshi on my own, it may have been a while before I discovered Yokohama Kaigenro in my wanderings. The planets aligned this week: I was in town, in need of a ramen fix and waiting to pick up a friend at McCarran airport. It would be risking some major bachi to not eat here-- I basically had no choice.I ordered the kimchee ramen and half order of fried rice. My ramen was cooked the way I like it-- boiling hot, noodles just slightly firm (chewy) and the noodle to kimchee ratio was perfect. I have to admit that I was expecting more than just noodles and kimchee (my fault, I should have read the menu) next time, I'll add bean sprouts, charsiu and maybe corn. The fried rice was unremarkable and next time, I'll order something else. I must admit that I usually gravitate to places that only serve ramen when I am on a noodle binge. The menu here has me wondering why, as I'm thinking chirashi would go quite well with a bowl of ramen. Or hamachi collar, or just about everything else on the menu.This is now one of my places to visit whenever I'm in town!
4	Kagerou is located across from the Hard Rock and Hofbrauhaus.  We stopped in late one night after a show for a light snack.  We were delighted with our shared orders of ramen curry (spicy) and yakitori (grilled chicken skewers
4	This is an unassuming little restaurant located in a small strip mall not far from The Hard Rock Hotel. Offerings go far beyond ramen bowls and sushi. I neglected to take notes, but remember seeing a number of dishes not found at your standard cookie cutter Japanese restaurant.The Atmosphere is very plain. There's an eight stool sushi bar, and about fifteen four-person tables. The restaurant is kept clean; medium soft music plays in the background. When I went for lunch, the clientele was largely Japanese speaking.Lunch, served on a lacquered tray, consisted of miso soup and an uni-ikura bowl. The miso was very good: full of crunchy scallion, some tofu and seaweed. I give it extra points for not being too salty.The uni-ikura bowl was impressive. On top of a layer of rice was a generous amount of sea urchin, and the largest amount of salmon roe I've ever had at one time. The uni was firm and fresh. The ikura was also very fresh: bright, firm, bursting with briny flavor. I recommend this dish to everyone.Based on a single lunch time visit, I was impressed. This seems like the kind of place to get good Japanese food that goes beyond the usual, at prices that won't leave you gasping.The meal was $15, plus tax and tip.
4	Not sure if this place is Japanese-owned, but all the employees and cook were Japanese.I usually try to hit up some Japanese restaurants when I travel for work to see what it's like in other parts of the country.  I wasn't expecting an authentic restaurants in Las Vegas (i.e. tourists eveyrwhere).  I came across this place on Yelp and I was very impressed.Not an izakaya, but you sure have your choice of appetizer items.  I just sat at the bar and ordered about 3 appetizers for myself and I was stuffed.  There is one cook at the counter who grills, cooks, and prepares the sushi platters.  Shishamo (don't see this often on menus), Agedashi tofu (not used to this style but it was tasty), and Wakame Salad (too large for one person) were the items I ordered.  I would definitely come back here again - if I had a car.  If I recall correctly, it wasn't exactly walking distance (it was also 110 degrees).
3	After reading reviews here and on chowhound, SO and i were in the area for a late. late lunch, early dinner.  low key, unassuming place...we liked that...both had combo meals - SO had sashimi ...we both agreed it was not all that fresh....fresher at Makino...i loved the miso - had more green onion then i've had at other places ( in fact, some don't even put green onion in their soup ) ...i liked it...would have been perfect if they put some mushrooms in it !!  i had terriyaki chicken....very, very average and i had the tempura...decent, the california roll, salad  and rice were average.....i agree a combo / bento box meal should not be the standard...SO and i put alot of weight on the sashimi and here...the sashimi was not up to par
3	Has it been that long since my last visit to Yokohama Kaigenro?  I must admit, my sole reason for loving this place was their Uni and Ikura Bowl.  But since the prices went up and the portions got smaller, I haven't been back.I had a chance to revisit earlier this month and noted that the Uni and Ikura Bowl was over $20!  I definitely think that's a hunk of change to be charging for that.  Instead, I ordered the Spicy Tuna Rice Bowl.  As I looked behind the sushi bar, I noticed the oh-so familiar bottle of Sriracha sauce.  I quickly inquired to see if they used that hot sauce to make my tuna spicy, and they confirmed they did.  (I absolutely hate when spicy tuna becomes spicy with this sauce. Bleh!)  So, I quickly changed my order before they could even start.  I chose the Salmon and Ikura Rice Bowl ($13-$14).  It came out nice with a heaping amount of ikura eggs on top and some nice pieces of raw salmon around.  But it wasn't until I stirred it a bit did I see all the cooked salmon in there too.  The dish was tasty, but I could really do without the cooked fish and more raw stuff please!The BF enjoys their ramen selections and went for a fried chicken ramen bowl.  They separate the broth so you can dip your noodles and meat into it separately.Overall, I changed their rating from a four to a three because the prices went up so much now and I guess I'm not so wowed anymore by them.  (You can see pics of our dinner in the business profile!)
4	I really need to go back when I'm sober. We went here after a concert at the Hard Rock across the street for some decompression food. Ramen is so good at the end of a party night. Or the day after when your head is throbbing. This place reminds me of the ramen shops in Hawai'i. Unassuming little store. Looks deceptively like nothing. Enter from the market side where you can buy from a very small variety of fresh Japanese vegetables, like daikon. They also have a little packaged snack area where they sell Japanese confections like Yan Yan. Oh, God, so good ... Our waitress was a little Japanese girl in a pink kimono. She was scarce after she took our order. Then it was pretty much the curt little man helping us out. I looked over the menu and wanted everything. But I just settled for the Kaigen ramen (seafood and veggies) and yellowtail collar. For $12, my ramen was only alright, but really big, as ramen should be. I barely made a dent in it and took it home for leftovers. For $11, the yellowtail collar was really, really good. It was nice and moist. I love the little bits of dark meat. My bf and I shared (fought over) that bad boy. For dessert we had kinako mochi. I didn't see it on the menu, but we were there with a couple of regulars who were on a mission. They knew exactly what they wanted. The mochi was $5 for four little pieces. But really good. I think they added brown sugar in with the kinako. I want to go back and order all of the seafood apps, drink the specialty drinks, and get all of the mystery desserts. I can see myself getting drunk here on a regular basis. *off the strip, non-casino
5	Thanks, fellow Yelpers, for guiding us to this lovely little place we never would have found on our own. On our latest trip we decided to branch out from our old favorites; we're glad we did. My son wanted to try takoyaki -- we can't find this breaded octopus ball in Denver -- and I noticed the picture with these reviews. We had takoyaki, a tempura assortment, and an appetizer sampler, along with a good beer. We thoroughly enjoyed our lunch, ending satisfied but not overstuffed. Afterwards we browsed in the small market and found Choco-Babies, one of our favorite candies which is hard to find in Denver or even online. Woohoo! These are little bits of chocolate with a hardened chocolate coating (not a sugar shell, more like "summer chocolate" that resists melting). Let them melt in your mouth, one or two at a time, and a pack goes a long way. The fifth star is for the Choco-Babies!By the way, the lunch staff and the ladies in the market were very friendly and didn't seem at all condescending or mocking. Service was a little show but not bad. If anyone was making fun of us, we certainly didn't sense it. (And if they were, I hope they had a good time. We certainly did.)
4	One of the bosses wanted Japanese food, and as I skimmed the listings on Yelp for Japanese restaurants in Las Vegas, I came across Yokohama Kaigenro.  When I saw the words "unassuming" and "low key", and the accompanying 90-something reviews with a strong 4-star rating, I figured, this many Yelpers can't be wrong!Big bowls of deliciously flavorful chashu ramen (the pork was absolutely wonderful), fried squid, and chicken katsu curry....everything was so good, and authentic.  And before you think I don't know what I'm talking about, I noticed that a large number of my fellow convention-goers that were visiting from Japan seemed to drift into this restaurant during our meal, in addition to a party of 18 Japanese tourists who seemed to be happily enjoying their food (and beverages - KAMPAI!).One puzzling feature of this restaurant that I dare not try:  the BUKAKKE SOBA.  What. The.  Eff?If you're into dining somewhere inexpensive and off the Strip, I think this place is totally worth a stop in.  Ignore the shabby outer appearance!Oh and for all you manga nerds....they have NARUTO RAMEN on the menu.
4	Ahem.  I just had to add this photo, courtesy of my partner in crime, Miss Mayhem....http://static.px.yelp.com/photo/FGu5HuekW00O6Wa2aoFSwQ/lBukkake is on the menu.  I'm not kidding.But in the interest of cultural enlightentment:Bukkake soba- Cold soba served with various toppings sprinkled on top, after which the broth is poured on by the diner. Tororo - puree of yamaimo (a Japanese yam with a slimy texture).It's a legit dish.Just try ordering it with a straight face.
3	Good option for Japanese food right across the street from the Hard Rock. I had a HUGE bowl of pork bone stock ramen, tonkotsu for those in the know. The noodles were unfortunately overcooked and soft, but the broth was nice and light, not as rich as my first tonkotsu experience at Santouka. It also came with blanched bean sprouts, cabbage, bamboo shoots, a few slices of tender pork, and a half hard boiled egg. All the ingredients were pre-added to the bowl, so not quite as nice presentation as most places. We also shared the omelette fried rice which was nicely cooked thin omelette over fried rice mixed with pork & scallions among other things, and drizzled with a sweet ketchupy sauce, that screamed Japanese comfort food.Seasoned squid turned out to be tiny bowl of fermented raw squid in a grayish fishy sauce.  It was nice with some of the fried rice.They have a huge array of Japanese dishes on the menu, including sushi. Give it a shot if you're looking for comforting Asian food and don't feel like driving to Chinatown.
5	I found my new favorite place in town. Their menu is extensive. It took us a while before we decided on our order. We had Ramen and Tempura Udon and it was great. The broth reminded me of the Ramen I had in Tokyo and the noodles were nice and chewy. The Tempura was nice and crisp and the selection was good. Compared to Ichiza this place is so much better. When we arrived, we were the only non Japanese guests. A good sign. Their Edamame rocks and their prices too! Two thumbs up!
3	Arrived Vegas and checked into hotel with the family (wife and 2 kids, 5 & 7) after 10 so there wasn't much of a choice.  Yelped "ramen" and this place was one of the top choices, plus it closes at 1 am and is not far from Embassy Suites Convention Center.  The location is in a small L shapped strip mall kitty corner from CVS Pharmacy.Service was friendly and reasonably fast.  We ordered two pork stock ramen (king size), tempora odon, and agidashi tofu (fried tofu).  The kids split one of the ramen, but turned out they like the odon more.  King size is suppose to be regular sized and queen is small, according to the wait staff.  Wrong!  King size turned out to be huge.  I was stuffed by the pork ramen.  Over all, I'm impressed and would have given this place a 4 star for open till late and a solid authentic ramen.  The miss was the location of the booth with was too close to the bar where a few late night patrons and the bar tender and wait staff were rather too loud.  And there were no kimchi on the table, which I thought was a standard for ramen shop.  But i think this place is not technically a ramen shop.  I wanted an order of uni sushi and was told they didn't have it.  Too bad... I love uni.Oh the agidashi tofu i thought was execellent.  With so many ramen choices in town I think i would like to try others before coming back to this one.  Ichiza's open till 3 am according to yelp; but it is on the west side of I-15.
2	I really have mixed feelings about this place. For one, the appetizer and small plates weren't bad. Even the sushi was okay. They were quite empty when we were there so I was a little perplexed since it got rather good reviews on yelp.The menu was large. Like in pretty damn big. We got some appetizers like soft shelled crabs, agedashi tofu, a few different types of sushi to try. I noticed they had tako-wasa, one of my favorite things to eat with beer, so we got that too. It wasn't bad. Actually none of the above items were bad.After grazing on appetizers we were debating whether to eat ramen here or move elsewhere. Hubby searched the reviews via cell and said that people liked the ramen. This is when we decided to order the pork bone ramen with extra chashu.When the bowl arrived, the steam indicated it was piping hot. I was excited. I took a sip of the broth, then another. I then moved the bowl over to hubby and asked him to taste the broth since he's pretty accepting of food -- much more than I.He took a sip, then looked at me. Took another, then said "it's watery". My sentiments exactly. It was watery, flavorless and really subpar. But we didn't want to waste it, so I ate a few bites and my hubby bless his heart, ate the rest.For a pork bone soup base, it failed miserably. There was no depth at all. Unlike some people, I thought the ramen at Ichiza was 100x better, unfortunately, Ichiza runs out of their broth really quickly so if you go later in the day they won't have any ramen left. I was so disappointed because I was craving ramen and didn't get to satiate that craving in the end. Even so, I'm glad I came to try it because now I can cross it off my list to try in Vegas and concentrate on going elsewhere next time.
4	My friends and i had their ramen last saturday afternoon and it was pretty good.  Funny to see how you can order a 'queen' size bowl.  also, i thought it was interesting how they asked if we wanted separate checks.  i've never been asked that before at any restaurant...but anyways, i enjoyed their ramen.  i had to have the king size of course.  nothing unusual about the ramen, it wasn't awful but it wasn't the best.  i was craving ramen at the moment so i friends and i had to check it outso if you are in the las vegas area and are in the mood for ramen, here's the spot for you!
4	The strip mall Yokohama Kaigenro is located in has seen better days. Walking up the street I was momentarily torn by the signs advertising vietnamese food and other eats in the same location. Turning the corner into the parking lot, though, my options were clear: only Yokohama Kaigenro remains open.Seven of us piled into the restaurant, stopping momentarily to gawk at the mini-grocery store of Japanese items near the front before being ushered into the back dining room. We arrived at the early dining time of 5pm, but there were still a handful of diners enjoying their meals. Yokohama Kaigenro is decorated similar to other family-run Japanese restaurants I've been to. Nothing flashy, with signs on the walls and tables indicating dishes not on the menu or specials. The menu was extensive - three folds! - and started to call into question my quest for ramen. Compromising, I ordered a few pieces of sushi and the tonkotsu ramen. The rest of my group ordered ramen and zaru soba. The regular ramen was a good portion - nothing unfinishable and for once I almost managed to slurp up all the soup in my bowl. Pieces of bamboo and the random cabbage leaf floated amongst the usual suspects of egg, noodle, and pork. I was disappointed at the paltry portion of pork - one large piece that was slightly gristly and not very flavorful. I would have regretted ordering extra char siu. The tonkotsu broth was enjoyable - not too sweet or salty but still lacking the oily depth of flavor that I miss from my bowls of ramen in Tokyo. I'd still be happy to have Yokohama Kaigenro as a ramen option in my neighborhood, though!I had saba and tamago sushi on the side. The tamago was spot-on with the slight sweetness, and the saba was a decent cut. The sushi rice was warm, lightly flavored.For dessert I caved and had the mochi ice cream - vanilla and chocolate on the recommendation of our waitress despite the other exotic options of matcha and mango. I almost couldn't finish the ice cream, stuffed as I was from the ramen and sushi! Our service was quite attentive and accommodating from start to finish - the waitress even agreed to provide us with seven different checks! Yokohama Kaigenro's staying power certainly has something to do with the food and humble quality of the restaurant. It's no secret, either. I had to laugh when two Japanese women stopped by our table on their way out and asked, "how do you know what to order?" eying our bowls of ramen and zaru soba. I was unsure about what we were eating that made us so "in the know" but we smiled. A friend motioned to myself and another friend, offering: "uh, well, they're both part-Japanese..." They smiled back and nodded, admitting they had to drive all the way from Utah to find food as good as here.  I have to agree.
3	Went to Yokohama without really knowing what I was getting myself into.... and it was good.So this place is a Japanese restaurant not a Sushi restaurant and I say that because they serve more japanese cuisine than sushi (which is ok). The chef behind the bar is really nice, he suggested the Yokohama Roll which is like a Philly roll with some extra fish in it; and then tempurafied. Delish. The big thing here that we got was Ramen, soy, miso, and all in between. A great stop with friends and to have some great pork ramen.Great selection, great portions, and remember, it's a Japanese restaurant, not a sushi restaurant....Enjoy a bowl of spicy ramen for me!
4	Pretty good place to have some real Japanese food. I've been here a couple of times. The portions are big and the taste is pretty authentic.
5	The Japanese dishes in this place are amazing and to that effect they are some of the best I've had in this city,  every time I've eaten I've tried different dish and I've never being disappointed. Their food is excellent and the prices are just right. I'm amazed their isn't more people flocking to this place. I'll keep coming again and again.
5	I can't believe I have worked across the street for 2 years, sort of noticed this place, but hesitated to eat here until Yelp identified it for me.  I just had a nice lunch with 3 coworkers because it is a hop, skip and jump away.  One ordered lunch special half curry/queen sized ramen bowl, one ordered mapo tofu ramen, and the other ordered omelette over fried rice.  I got salmon & ikura rice bowl.Matcha = strong, green, grassy, excellent (a fave of mine if you refer to my profile).Portions = generous.  Omelette over rice friend had enough to take home for 2 more meals, and it came with a beautiful ginger salad too.  Mine came with miso soup.Aromas = to die for.  I could sniff in there forever.Service = Incredible.  We all tipped at least 20%.  Waitress was kind, prompt, spoke English better than I did, and attentive.When someone completed their dish, it was taken away quickly.The menu is MASSIVE.  They no longer have the uni-ikura bowl that I heard all the buzz about, but mine had plenty of ikura, raw salmon, and some salmon flake, plus nori, ginger, wasabi on a SHISO leaf!!!  I got a side of ponzu.  All tables had shichimi togarashi on them already yum!I will definitely be back.  Lots of things to try next- mackerel with miso, the party special (3 items for $12.95), lots of eggplants, tofu with ginger, more bowls, and jalepeno ramen on the list!UPDATE 11/23/09 I come here quite a bit for to-go orders before my night shift.  I love the appetizer (a huge portion) of miso eggplant (I get no beef), the sashimi salad is spectacular and huge, and I also tried the dinner special with mackerel and tempura.  I recommend this place and the green iced tea is super grassy and strong (luv!)
4	I went to Yokohama Kaigenro on a Sat. for lunch.This shop in a run down strip mall next to Hard Rock has a Japanese chef and staff. The restaurant has 3 booths and tables to seat about 56, with sushi bar counter seating another 7. The menu has many Japanese fare including Ramen and Sushi. There were 4 other groups when I entered. 3 of the 4 groups were Japanese.Today, I tried the Ramen since I have not found a good Ramen place in Vegas yet. I tried the Char Siu Men, Queen size. I liked the Queen size as it was just the right size for me. Some people may think this is 1/2 size ramen ;-) The Men (noodle) is medium thick, with good consistency. The soy based soup is nothing spectacular, but not bad. Other than Char Siu, this Ramen came with sliced grilled garlic, bok choy, memma (bamboo shoots), green onions, and 1/2 boiled egg.Definitely better than Togoshi, but still leaves a bit to be desired.I also tried one pair of sushi. I ordered hamachi. @ $5.50 it is a bit pricey, but the quality of the fish was excellent with sufficient fattyness, and did not have the "frozen many times" consistency I found at Sushi Twister. The size is good, the rice firm and not mushy with the appropriate vinegar seasoning, and wasabi was included between the rice and fish.Based on this, I would have to come back here for their sushi lunch special again, as I think this so far may be the best sushi I have had in Vegas.
4	i took a trip to vegas with a bunch of friends, so of course we used yelp to scope out some places to eat.  we had a group of 14 people and we came here for lunch.  you wouldn't think this gem would be in this almost vacant strip mall, but there it was.  i ordered the salmon and ikura bowl which was huge!  and fairly reasonable for the price that i paid. my boy got a bento box which was equally large.  but what i was most impressed by was the unagi bowl.  maaan.  it looks like you get the whole eel!  craaazzzy!  some friends also go the spice yellowtail bowl and i heard it was suuuper spicy.  something not for the faint of heart.  also the tuna and yellowtail with yuze sauce was quite tasty.overall, somewhere i would come back to try again.  service was kinda slow considering we were almost the only group there.i'll add pictures later.
5	Great food.  Recommend to everyone.  Can't beat the price and the mabo ramen is excellent
4	Craving Ramen and I stopped in for a quick bit. Great portion pretty good Ramen...it wasn't a ten but I have had much worse. This was a nice break from the Vegas Noise and you can grab some Japanese snacks for you room from the store in front. I definitely will be back next time in Vegas
4	All I wanted was a good Japanese meal to soak up the festivities from the night before.  I yelped sushi near my "current location" and saw that Yokohama Kaigenro had a four star review AND it was right across the street the Hard Rock where I was staying.  I literally walked across the street to get to the restaurant.  The exterior was a bit rough, but when it comes to looks, you know the old adage.  Upon entering, I was greeted by a friendly hostess/waitress and seated immediately.  I asked for a big glass of water which was brought to my table right away.  I originally had the intent of eating sushi, but upon looking at the menu, I realized that a big bowl of udon with tempura was really what was going to hit the spot.  After ordering, I took a look at the wares they were offering in the front.  Japanese crackers, candy and other assorted snacks were for sale along with a chilled cabinet filled with refrigerated imports.  I immediately spotted a can of cold black coffee, which I promptly ordered and slugged.  I haven't seen one of those since the vending machines I frequented in Japan.My udon came steaming hot in a fantastic broth.  The tempura had three perfectly sized shrimp along with a variety of perfectly fried vegetables.  To my surprise, my meal came with two inari which tasted amazing.  Solid, solid meal all around for about $13.  I wanted to come back to the restaurant later that night for sushi, but the idea was nixed by my fellow Vegas companions.  I 100% will make a second trip (possibly a third) the next time I stay at the Hard Rock Hotel.
4	Very solid Japanese ramen right off the strip and across the street from Hard Rock.  A far better option than the "Japanese" restaurants  you'll find in the casinos, save Okada.  Safe bet if you're craving Japanese/need a hangover remedy/want to try something inexpensive and off strip.  Clientele seems to be about 75% Japanese.
5	We visited Yokohama Kaigenro on December 20th.  A recent reviewer mentioned that the exterior of the strip mall where the restaurant is located is a "bit rough", so I'm happy to report that the strip mall was undergoing a remodel and will be much-improved when it is finished.Our group of 10 family members were seated right away at a nice long table.  We enjoyed looking over the various autographs from Japanese singers and athletes.My brother-in-law had an unagi bowl and the unagi was so big that it overflowed out of the bowl!  He declared that it was "delicious"!  My husband & daughter had chicken katsu curry that was also very good.  I had tororo (mountain yam) soba that was yummy.  The grandparents had various combination meals that they also enjoyed.  We also liked that they include inari sushi with some of the meals - my niece was in heaven because everyone gave her theirs!   The portion of chicken katsu was generous - two large chicken breasts beautifully golden and crispy.It was a little tricky to find, but we will definitely be back the next time we're in Vegas.  It is across from the Hard Rock to one side and across from a German restaurant(?) on another side.
4	Soo good spicy  pork ramen!!Yokohoma Kaigenro is a yummy semi-hole in the wall restaurant off the LV strip. Found it one hungover Sunday in Vegas after a weekend of debauchery and decided to check it out based on the good reviews on Yelp. Their food is super good and their service friendly and quick. Totally worth the 5 minute taxi ride off the strip. The spicy pork ramen was a total hangover cure! Good depth of flavor, just enough fat but not a thick layer of oil on top, chewy dense noodles, tender slices of flavorful pork and just enough spiciness! It was soo soo good.Salmon Ikura Bowl was salmon sashimi chunks, cooked salmon pieces and ikura (fish eggs) over sushi rice. It was delicious! I would totally recommend mixing in the Spicy Cod Roe (order it as an appetizer for 3.50), which really brings together the salmon bowl. The spicy salty roe and the salty ikura were balanced by the mild salmon and simple but good sushi rice.  Best way to eat it is to mix it all together so that each bit has a little bit of all the flavors. Dragon Roll- pretty good, simple, though you can't go wrong with a dragon roll. Service was friendly and fast. i think this place is family owned. Altogether a really yummy place to get your grub on and and the ramen is an awesome hangover cure!
5	If you're craving sushi in Vegas without the wait and pretentiousness then this is the place. Food is excellent (you know you're in for a treat when all the customers are Japanese) and affordable. May not look like much from the outside, but I can tell you this meal was the highlight of our trip. And we're New Yorkers who know our sushi...
3	Read all the reviews here of Yokohman Kaigenro and decided to give it a try.  The food was not too bad.  What I liked was the HUGE bowl of pork ramen soup for only $8.95!  Now, that was a deal!  The ramen was just right and the soup was a cloudy broth - so good!!  We also had the the Dynamite Roll - not too bad.When we mapquested the restaurant address, it said to turn into Naples Dr.  Not!  Luckily out of the corner of my eye, I saw the tall sign indicating that Yokohama was in a strip mall.  It looked kind of deserted but there was lots of free parking.  Lots of Japanese people come to eat here.
4	After gambling, my stomach always wants some kind of soupy, noodle dish.  (Does this happen to anyone else?)  Of course, it is hard to find GOOD Asian food prepared by Asian folks on the strip.  And after eating buffets for a few days, my belly needed some food that tasted like home.  This place doubles as a grocery store and a restaurant!  And the server's English was very minimal!  YAY!  The perfect qualities for authentic Japanese food!  We got the ramen and Japanese meatloaf and both were delicioussssss.  We left full and ready to gamble some more!
4	Wow, my initial perception of this place was so wrong. I didn't mind that it is in a strip mall with only one other open business; a laundromat. I also didn't mind that it is attached to a take out place with a small Japanese snack section. What did worry me was when we sat down and I opened the menu to find a huge selection with a bunch of Chinese food thrown in. "Oh man" I thought, "not an 'Asian' cuisine restaurant." One of those places that tries to do everything and ends up excelling at nothing. I was also put off by the high prices for the sushi. (I have since learned that sushi prices in Las Vegas are generally high.)Then, I began to notice something. All the other patrons in the restaurant were speaking Japanese. I looked around and saw they had framed autographed napkins on the wall. The autographs were all in Japanese so I had no idea who they were from, but you figure they must have been people of some importance. So I figure all these Japanese people and Yelp couldn't be wrong and took another look at the menu. I still have no idea why a Japanese restaurant that attracts so many Japanese patrons would include so many Chinese dishes on their menu. They are across the street from the Hard Rock, but I doubt they attract much of the Hard Rock crowd.I eventually was drawn to the cold soba. Such a simple dish, yet few Japanese restaurants offer it. I decided to have that, agedashi tofu, and one of their specialty rolls. My friend got a ramen dish, a specialty roll, and a grilled squid.,, or at least he tried. He said squid, but pointed to the wrong item in the menu. We got some weird squid dish in what I think was a fermented bean paste instead. I have no idea what we were supposed to do with it. It was way too salty to be eaten alone I think. Was it some sort of condiment? Anyway, I ended up enjoying my meal a lot. I ordered simple dishes and they really hit the spot. I'm looking forward to trying this place again the next time I am in town. I might even try one of their Chinese dishes.
2	I went for lunch on a Sunday right before jetting to the airport (super convenient if you're trying to get a meal right before your flight; the airport is mere minutes away).  Granted our party was difficult since the first two arrived first and then the rest of 6 us arrived at a later time but it seems like they pretty much forgot about us.  The decor was so so, nothing really special.  They were moderately busy with a couple of parties of 6 and a few couples scattered around.  It looked like there was only one or two waiters available.  It took well into the meal to get waters for the rest of our party.My friends ordered ahead for a few of us since we needed to get a move on so the food seems to have come relatively fast.  * Miso ramen + beef donburi set: I didn't get to try the ramen (big unsmiley face) but the beef donburi was good!  The beef was tasty and they put enough sauce on the rice to make you want to finish every last grain in that bowl.* Tempura + california roll + tonkatsu set: also came with a good portion of salad.  The tonkatsu was dry and tough and the tempura was pretty bland.  I put a ton of sauce on both to make up for it.* Salmon + california roll + ....I don't remember (I was slightly hungover): Persons eating said the salmon was pretty good but the rest of it was unremarkable to say the least. * Takoyaki: not the best I've had.  The balls were smaller than I'm used to (laugh it up) and the octopus pieces were smaller as well.  I have missed takyoaki though so it was enough to get me past my cravings.The sets were about $15 I believe and the ramen combos were about $10.  My other friends had the pork ramen (she loved!) and the spicy ramen (that looked like lava had been poured into it instead of broth).  The food was so so, the service was lackluster.  Since we had to go, we left some money with the rest of our party and headed out.  The waitress stopped us and looked alarmed, asked us why we were leaving.  It took us a few minutes to explain to her that our party was still there * points * and that we had to go * points to door *.  She still seemed confused but we had to jet....
3	I was craving some carbs, what's it going to be Pho or Ramen? Time to Blackberry Yelp and this place popped up and it's close to the hotel. The restaurant has a large selection on the menu but the ramen is rated high so I went with the seafood and pork ramen. The bowl was very large and contained many shrimp, baby scallops, pork and veggies. Ramen's taste was flavorful but was a little heavy on the salt. I could barely finish it and left very full. Hot tea is complimentary and I noticed many Japanese were eating here. The curry smelled so yummy. I'll have to give that a whirl next time in.
4	I raised my rating to four stars due to I returned for lunch today. The restaurant is close to where our conference was being held and was squeezed on time. I tried the lunch special - a bowl of curry on rice and a bowl of pork ramen with miso broth. Food tasted better today and was less salty.(Maybe because I drank last night?) The portion of ramen was still quite large and curry was very tasty for a bargain price of $12.95 including tip.
5	Stopped on around 11pm on a Friday night. Had a large and very drunk group of 8. Ordered right away as the place was barely occupied by customers. I was glad about that.If they knew about this diamond in the rough it could have taken a while to get seated.I have lived in Japan for several years so my fear of the wait staff having little English ability was not much of an issue.It's so funny how my Japanese language got so much better after 4 double Grey Goose and tonics! I was on a roll. I ordered the miso chashu ramen. Amazing! Gyoza.... Delish! Authentic green tea (can't elaborate in depth about the anti oxidant properties. Let's just say that the morning after was a good one). All in all it was a great experience.I will go back before I leave on Monday. Find it. Go and you will LOVE it!
4	I've had friendly service elsewhere, they aren't rude but I think it might be a cultural issue.  Either way the ramen is delicious here.  Nothing beats it on a cold Las Vegas winter day.
4	It was a cold rainy day in Vegas, so I decided to bring a co worker here for lunch. We both tried the lunch special of pork ramen and beef bowl combo.I was surprised to see that the ramen seemed to be a regular size bowl which was large, piping hot and delicious. Good amounts of pork with the right amount of fat for flavoring and half a boiled egg. The beef bowl over steam rice was also very tasty, the portion of the two were just right. In closing, you can't go wrong with their daily specials at lunch.  Other ramen joints charge the same amount just for a bowl of ramen. Yokohama Kaigenro has good food decent portions at very fair prices!
4	I've been to this place a few times before. It's a definite stop if I'm in the mood for ramen. This stuff is one of the better bowls of soup that I've had around Vegas. It's a shame that only offer one size of ramen, whereas before, they offered a small and a large. The bowl they serve now is just a large bowl, with $2 noodle refills. Just one noodle bowl seems to do the job for me though. I used to order the small size when they had it. Now I have no choice but to slurp up a huge bowl of ramen and drown myself in savory sodium.Whenever I drop by, I find myself ordering the basic Japanese entrees that they have. Most dishes range from your typical chicken teriyaki meals, pork cutlet based dishes, sushi, and a variety of bowls. They have many other items, but I haven't gotten around to trying them (The udon and fried rice omelet items are on my 'to eat' list). The food is very simple. Nothing fancy, nothing surprising. With menu items called "pork cutlet with gravy" you get exactly what you order. It's simple, good Japanese food. Some things I've enjoyed off the top of my head are:-mabo ramen with tofu-pork base ramen*-Japanese meatloaf*-fried tofu with ginger sauce* (good app)-spicy yellowtail bowl* (favorite)*pictures uploadedAnother thing to note is the ambiance that this place offers. Most clientele appear to be Japanese regulars. Typically, I see a few dudes at the bar sippin on some Sapporo. One or two other groups are usually spread out within the dining area. English isn't something I hear regularly over here. I usually just sit there quietly like the clueless American native that I am and eat whatever is put in front of me.  Around the bar, they usually have two small TVs up on the ceiling playing random stuff. I found myself peeping an episode of Star Trek: The Next Generation while I munched silently on some tofu. The place is somewhat small, yet cozy. It's a comfortable place to be. I can see myself dropping by every once in a while for a quick Japanese fix. Sometimes it beats the hustle and bustle that you get in places like Ichiza.
5	Best place for miso ramen I've found in Las Vegas. It's located in an unassuming little strip mall across from the Hard Rock so we always stop here whenever we go there. Prices seem especially good after overpaying for just about everything meal-wise on the Strip. Portions are good so you won't walk away feeling hungry. The also have sushi and the elusive onigiri. Service is a little cool but they are prompt and polite I have never had a problem with an order. Everything arrives hot and fresh and you can top it off with delicious spicy chili oil to give it an extra kick. If you come here during Christmas they'll even offer you a slice of their traditional Japanese Christmas cake.
2	The Skinny: subpar tonkotsu ramen with tough chashu (2), Service - nothing special (3), Value - overpriced for what it is and certainly can get a better deal elsewhere (2).We came here after all the positive reviews by Yelpers for their ramen.Their tonkotsu ramen totally lacks pork flavour and would be more suitably called shio/salt broth ramen instead. The pieces of pork are not marinated and are tough. The egg noodles were overcooked and lacked elasticity that comes with house-made noodles.The bean sprouts were sad looking in the bowl. A bowl of ramen here cost $9.95 which is rather expensive seeing how other places give you more for less.Also tried their Japanese-styled meatloaf which was subpar. Too much filler (ie, bread crumbs), not enough meat. The sauce overtop was too strong (it had a distinct Worchestershire sauce flavour that was overpowering). It came with miso soup, bowl of rice, some shredded cabbage, slices of tomato and cucumber. Overall, edible but not much else to recommend it.
5	I love love love the mabo ramen at Kaigenro! Deep and rich, spicy enough to make me break a sweat. For me untill I find otherwise, the best ramen in LV.Still open till 1am on most nights, it's great to pop in after work and have some mabomen and a Asahi. PERFECT!
5	Across Paradise from the Hofbrauhaus is this homey little Japanese restaurant full of good things to eat or take home to cook. We make a point of coming here every time we are in Las Vegas to get menu items we cannot find in Denver -- notably takoyaki (balls of octopus encased in fried batter) which is not on the menu here but is made cheerfully whenever we ask for it.  We added the lunch special of tonkotsu (pork broth) ramen with fried rice. There was plenty of soup for two people, and the waitress thoughtfully brought an extra bowl without being asked. The only drawback to me was the pork in the soup; it was tough and tasted a little...old. Not spoiled, but not good. The rest of the soup was great. We had thought we might order more, but no -- we were pleasantly sated. I also had a Sapporo draft which complemented everything perfectly. An excellent lunch. Free wifi, too!No more Choco-Babies in the little market, although there are many good items available.
4	Thank you Yelpers for your reviews on this place. Would have never visited or found this place without your help. Place is stuck in the middle of an empty strip mall and even when we parked right in front of the place, wouldn't have know it was even open.Wife and kids were sick of eating hotel and fast food. Kids missed mom's cooking. We got to Kaigenro weekday mid afternoon and the place was empty. Might have turned around if the waitress didn't see us first. Sat down and checked out the menu. It was pretty extensive and made up of a lot of basic Japanese staple dishes. Wife and I got the miso ramen combo and kids got hayashi rice. Service was quick and the waitress even brought out special kids bowls/utensils. Ramen was just like you find it in Japan and the kids never said a word about their food, other than their plates being empty. The size of the dishes were more than enough and I even managed to help my wife finish hers. Yes, compared to some of the other restaurants, Kaigenro's location is lonely and the interior is drab, but if you're in it for the food, this is THE place. We came back 2 more times during our vacation.
1	This place really isn't all hyped up to be. I had a champon spicy and it was way too salty. I'd rather have Vietnamese pho any day.  It costed $15.  I will never go back.
4	A diamond in the rough. Hidden away in a deserted strip mall, Yokohama is an authentic bit of japan.  We were a bit dismayed that we were the only ones there initially, but the other customers that came in later were all speaking Japanese. Just picking what tickled our fancy, we got the spicy tuna bowl, the udon hot pot and a crunch tiger roll.  The dishes came out remarkably fast and were delicious.Definitely on our list to hit next time we're in vegas.
1	i really don't know what to say about this place.  the last time i went, ordered ramen, and the appetizer plate but it just seemed like, everything was stale and spoiled.  i get the feeling there's not a lot of foot traffic here, and i feel bad, but ..  i don't think this business will be around for that much longer, especially with Monta now in town.  i'm sorry kaigenro, but the days of serving mediocre food to locals that got excited over just the sound of ramen, is now gone.  same could be said about shuseki.  the new era of real japanese food in las vegas has begun.  (speaking about, Yagyu, Shabu-Shabu Paradise, Raku, and Monta)
3	So, I lived in Japan for a few years a long while back, and I keep finding myself disappointed in Japanese restaurants time and time again.  My friends dragged me here, and my friend that worked here insisted that I come by sometime, so this killed 2 birds with one stone.I sat down, and was really surprised by the variety of ramen they had.  I eventually settled on the miso ramen, nice and simple.  Also ordered a small beef bowl as well, as I'm a sucker for good beef bowl.The soup came, and it was pretty good.  Wasn't as amazing as I heard, but again, I have some sort of weird high standard for ramen that has stuck with me ever since coming back Stateside.  The beef bowl was really good, and I can see myself coming back for that very easily.  The meat was flavorful and the rice wasn't too hard and grainy nor too soft and soggy.Being so close to campus, I can see myself coming back, whenever I have that Japanese food craving and don't feel like going all the way to Chinatown/Spring Mountain.
3	We had the spicy tuna bowl.  Very nice, but the tuna was not as spicy as many other places.We will return here again, when we are staying in the area.
4	Decent japanese restaurant, near by the strip, airport, and best of all, UNLV. Friendly staff and has free wi-fi as well (good for the busy student or business worker). This is a favorite restaurant to go to after a late night of studying at the Lied Library at UNLV. This restaurant opens pretty late.They have a little store at the entrance for like various japanese candies and snacks. Seating for restaurant is in another room next to it. Menu has a variety of rice bowls, ramen, appetizers, as well as sushi. Have never tried the sushi though. Each table is served with a plate of edamame before order. Their ramen is pretty big sized with a variety of soups/toppings like mabo tofu, curry, etc. Not too much of a fan of their ramen. Reason is because they like to make their ramen soups thick. I guess is a way to coat the noodles with the soup for flavor. Its still pretty good nonetheless. They also have a wide variety of rice bowls like gyudon (beef bowl), oyakodon (chicken and egg bowl), chiraishi (sashimi bowl), etc. Beef bowl was pretty good. Decent amount of beef with a little side of red ginger. Oyakodon was pretty good as well. Marinated chicken and eggs steamed together over rice. Their chiraishi is one of the bigger ones in town (though is more expensive as well) but it definately has its quality as well. Good amount of toppings. Fresh fish as well. They have a decent lunch special as well with like a full order of ramen and a 1/2 order of a rice bowl to the size with salad or something too. Good service. Nice environment. Prices are decent. Fresh ingredients. Hot on order. Pretty good !little note for students or the younger population - they do allow splitting of the checks without questions. =]
4	A good Japanese restaurant with a very nice variety of dishes to choose from. Ambiance is comfortable and the service is friendly. We had a couple of bowls of ramen and some mackerel sushi. The ramen was good, but if you can bear to drive another 10 minutes and want some REALLY good ramen, go to Monta on Spring Mountain near Decatur instead.
4	Thank you yelpers , finally found some mabo tofu ramen , and it was exceptional.      The noodles was cooked perfect, it had a nice bite and chew to it.  The mabo tofu was full of ground pork and soft tofu, it had jus the right amount of heat for me.                I also had the spicy tuna bowl, the tuna had little flavor or spice to it. The tuna did not look or taste like it was the freshest , it was not bad tuna jus not the best.    I would come back for the mabo tofu in a second  , it was almost perfection .
5	This is a great hole in the wall ramen place that my cousin took me to when I visited him during the holidays. I had the beef bowl rice dish and it was so good. The beef was sliced paper thin and the sauce was so delicious! It also came with a salad, which was nothing too special. It's a little hard to get to, but worth it.
4	My favorite place to eat when commuting to work.  Grilled squid is excellent.  The bento box with several choices is tops.  Small family owned place gets busy during conventions, but quality food and friendly service can't be beat.  Grilled mackerel is my favorite.
4	Great small sushi place.. Serve authentic sushi by sushi chef and actually seems like they all are family (chef,servers,bus boy) Go there early to get a table. They always get crowded by japanese las vegan. Try sashimi and signature roll.. They are great!
3	Spicy pork broth, the right size noodle, made this ramen a good choice. We have been craving a good ramen for some time, and knew we had to try this place. We also tried the sushi but it turned out what we ordered really didn't have any "spice" to it. We ordered the spice tuna roll and it tasted drab and old. Good ramen, but blah sushi!
3	After watching Japanese business men and women in suits come in to eat, I figured it would be a good stop to try out while in the area, and thankfully I was right.This cute restaurant has a small shopping section in the front as you walk in where you can buy Meiji chips, Chelsea candy, and other Asian goods.  The eating area is cute, too, and the servers are great.  The menu is precise and perfect for the restaurant. Their sushi is pretty good, but I came here to test out the ramen.  Glad I did, too, because when Monta and Ichiza are busy, I'd definitely stop by this place to get my ramen fix.  The broth is fresh and yummy, not too salty and filled with flavor.  Their noodles are fresh and plentiful, as are the bamboo shoots, which are my favorite part of the ramen experience.  Their tempura is yummy, too.  I would definitely eat here again and again. Other reviews refer to pricey eats, but I didn't feel it or think it was expensive at all.
5	Thank you Yelpers for turning us on to Yokohama Kaigenro here in Vegas...kind of off the beaten path and a perfect place to take someone who wants to get away from the LV hustle...Sushi bowl delicious and very unique, but DO NOT fail to taste the best shrimp tempera I've ever tasted...perfectly, lightly done...prices are very reasonable and most of all the people just couldn't be nicer or more welcoming...You will like this place!
4	When I find little places like this jewel, I feel obliged to let everyone know how good and tasty was my experience here. I recommend anyone to try the sashimi salad or the yellow tail bowl they are great taste for the right price. Come by and enjoy their great food and friendly atmosphere.
3	Stopped here for lunch and got suckered into the lunch special. I got to taste a bowl of tonkotsu ramen and a beef bowl. My ramen was huge, with thick cut pieces of pork and a generous serving of noodles. The beef bowl was also large, but the taste wasn't all there for me...I wouldn't mind a smaller portion with fresher higher quality meat. I thought it was just ok, I have had better  ramen and bowls elsewhere. We are spoiled Las Vegas locals because of Monta in Chinatown; if you can't make it to that side of town or just need something different YK is a nice place to try. I am going to try their spicy pork and tofu ramen next.
4	I actually prefer this place over Monta for multiple reasons. I enjoy going to Monta every now and then as well; however, Yokohama provides more generous portions for the pricing and has much better variety with a larger menu. The lunch special is amazing because you would expect a smaller bowl of ramen but it's actually enormous! We enjoy the 'combinations' for lunch such as ramen and curry over rice, or beef, etc.. Also, staff is friendlier and they provide quality service. They're more attentive to your needs and extremely polite. We had a female, Japanese server and she was amazing. Even the sushi chef actually custom-made a sushi roll for one of my pickier friends... my friend literally stood up, walked over to him and explained in detail how he wants his roll (he is a bit of a food nazi) and the chef made it with no hesitation. During Easter, I received a free beer from selecting a plastic egg out of a basket that contained a 'surprise' inside. They're definitely a generous establishment. :)I know there is much hype about how Monta is so great, but I think that only goes to show people will stick to their comfort zone. If you want to try a place that will give Monta a run for their money... definitely check this place out!
1	I used to like this place. I guess they are under new management and now they suck. Food has changed, and so has the customer service. The chubby young fellow that served us messed up by ordering the wrong thing then says that he'll give us the bowl for free. Then when I was rang up I asked of him to split the bill and he responded with a yes. Then when I went to sign the bill he ran the whole thing on my card. I brushed it off then realized that he charged us for the bowl he said he would give for free. This sneaky kid! The nerves of this kid. Unbelievable! Had I not held my breath and my friend for stepping in to get the issue solved I probably would have caused a scene. I doubt I will ever return. New owners changed everything..beyond irritated at this restaurant because of that very server
2	I'm born and raised in Japan, so I wanted to find the best ramen in Vegas.   I tried the top 3 per Yelp:  YK, Ichiza and Monta.  When I walked into YK I was greeted very well and the service was great.  I kept hoping the ramen is good so I will come back often.  Unfortunately the shoyu ramen was very average.   For me in Vegas ramen at  Ichiza was #1, and Monta #2.  Neither compares to the Santouka Ramen in Calif,  but until it comes to Vegas, I'll eat ramen at Ichiza.
4	Hitachi chuka (Japanese cold noodles)
4	I like this place. The food was good and so was the service. You probably wouldn't notice this place unless you were looking for it. You walk into the store and through the doorway on the left is the restaurant. I used to find lots of places like this in Taipei where there is the front of the house and then there is a small club, bar, or restaurant hidden through some door in the back. Although this place has a that legitimate business feeling. Still very cool. The tonkatsu was very good, nice broth and generous portions of meat. The tempura was not soggy and the bento boxes are good and filling. Good prices for a good amount of food. I think its super cool that Keiichi Tsuchiya ate there.
5	I stopped by the other day (Aug 31, 2011) hoping to  indulge myself in a delicious bowl of their authentic ramen soup only  to find the establishment closed. I didn't noticed any note posted saying that they had moved either. Does anyone else have any more news about the place? Uncle Manny
5	I love this place. It's open 7 days a week and open late at night. Great deals on food and the best ramen in Vegas.
5	Upon suggestion of other yelpers, while on business in Vegas, I came by here and had the spicy roast pork ramen.  My son was with me and had the "salt" ramen.  both were excellent as was the service.  the broth was simply delicious and the noddles sufficiently firm. but with ramen, it's all about the broth to me - that makes it or breaks it. this was some of the best.  if you are looking for great ramen that is reasonably priced, this rivals ramen I've had in SF, LA, NYC and Vancouver.
4	I really like this place... not really for the sushi.. but I was SO IN LOVE with their gyudon or beef bowl!! Now that they're closed, it's definitely a shame ... I've been searching for a restaurant that cooks their beef bowl a similar way, but so far, I havent found any. If anyone knows of a place, please contact me! :)
