4	Yesterday, I passed through Paseo Park while bike riding to Central Phoenix. This park covers a pretty vast area from 73rd Ave to 51st Ave along the Skunk Creek (flood control area). I enjoyed Paseo Park for roughly four miles of my 15 mile destination. The trail is a multi-use area and during my trip I witnessed many uses walking, horseback riding, runners and cyclists. The Glendale Parks District has posted useful signage directing users to water, shade, restrooms and playgrounds near or along the trail. Another helpful sign directs users when they need to cross the dry creek bed to get to the underpass to avoid crossing streets in traffic. At 51st Avenue the trail connects with the Arizona Canal. All 15 miles of my journey were paved. Only two crossings did not have an underpass which allowed for a safe workout.
4	I've been coming to this park for some early evening runs as the weather begins to cool down.  There are enough hills to add a bit of a challenge, and like Marian said there is plenty of signage to guide you where you need to go.  My only complaints are the lack of lighting as the sun begins to go down earlier, and there are sections where a questionable smell with hit you in the face here and there.  Still beats running at the gym with a sweaty tread-neighbor!
4	In reviewing my logs I realized that I have ridden over 100 miles so far this year. Much of this mileage is on the trail through Thunderbird Paseo Park. -thanks could not have done it without you!
3	I thought this park was just OK.  It's kind of narrow, and a little messy.  Seems like people don't like to clean up after their dogs too much..  Other than these complaints, I liked the park.  It is long and narrow and great for a leisurely walk.
5	I love skunk creeks bike/ running path, no cars, lots of other supportive acitve people, what's more to love? Even the possiblity of water fountains and washrooms and with over 4 hours put into finishing the trail, I think it's pretty safe to say it's the best for even the most extreme active persons wanting a flat (or hilly optioned) ride.
3	Growing up in Peoria, I've spent quite some time partaking in a wide array of activities at Thunderbird Paseo Park which I refer to as simply "the canal." Everything from family bike rides to ice blocking to soccer practice has taken place at this park. The whole park stretches about five miles through more than one municipal area. I really enjoy the bike/pedestrian trail because it is a good way to safely avoid major intersections on long bike rides. This path also boasts a workout course with pull up bars and sit up stations at half mile intervals. As far as ice blocking goes, I would not use Paseo park. The grass is much to dry to provide the slippery surface necessary for a good slide. The golf course on 40th Street and Cactus is much better. I haven't had a chance to check out the new disc golf course yet, but my brothers and dad say that it is awesome. I'm really excited to throw some disc here when I have a little more time to hone my skills (which are close to none). This is a great park during the day; however, unless you are armed or have a death wish stay away from Paseo Park at night. I have seen some pretty odd things on late night bike rides, and homeless people sleep under the overpasses.
4	This lengthy park follows the Arizona Canal for 4 miles and is good for strolling, jogging, and biking. I did try to use my push scooter here and found out that the asphalt paved trails, while OK for bicycles, are a bit too rough for a push scooter's small wheels. There are also areas for disc (frisbee) golf, basketball, and two lighted areas for soccer. The park appears well-maintained and has parking areas and restrooms at the entrances near the active and passive recreation areas (59th Av, and 67th Av). People who want to extend their hiking or biking activities will find that the northwest end of the park connects to Skunk Creek Linear Park for additional trails.
4	Figured it was time to update my review...In training for a half marathon in June this park has become my go to trail.  I like how it connects to the skunk creek trail and under the 101 to Rio Vista Park.  As my runs gradually get longer I continue to discover "alternate routes" which helps when it comes to changing scenery just a little bit.  They've also recently flattened out one of the more "severe dips" before what I think is the 73rd ave underpass, which me and my right knee greatly appreciate.  It would be great if the trail had lighting fixtures, but I guess I'll just have to suffer in the sunlight during the summer months.  No pain no gain!
4	This is such a great park to go for a run/jog! I used to be able to just go here right out of my back yard so it was really convenient. I've seen some really beautiful sunsets running through here and I really miss that about this place.
4	Based on where I live, this is my entrance to the recreation trails that run along the Arizona canal and creeks that have been modified to allow for recreation and water runoff.  I like being able to ride my bike away from traffic.  At times the paths have quite a few folks walking, jogging, riding and even the occasional horse or skater.  There is a 15mph speed limit for bikes in the park but it is largely ignored by the road riders.  The furthest I have gone on the ac/dc path is 24th street.  I actually rode on the paths for about 6 months before I discovered the underpasses on the opposite side of the canal I had been riding on.
4	Disc golf course is a great place for people just getting into the game. Few trees come into play and no permanent water hazards, but this is a river bed so you might avoid it after rains. There are lots of drives from up high so it's a great place to feel good about the longer distances you can achieve because of that. Bring a decently Insulated canteen with you as you start and finish near the restroom/drinking fountain but you're well away from them over the course of your game. My game wasn't great but the time there with a group of 8 of us playing today was outstanding.
