3	I was a huge fan of The Guilty Lily that came before The Bonnington, although will admit to not having been very often since its kitchen closed in August (I loved the burgers, and its sister pub The Espy is a bit far away in Portobello to go for one when I'm feeling too lazy to cook...).  Therefore the Bonnington was always going to have a lot to live up to.  The decor's very different to GL, with a much more classic, traditional but trendy feel complete with fake bookshelf wallpaper.  Prices are average, and at the moment it certainly seems to be doing well with plenty of custom at weekends.  We went for a quick drink on Saturday, which coincided with both our downstairs neighbour starting his stag do off at the pub (this meant the bar area was fairly monopolised) and the weekly open mic night - last weekend featuring a rather pleasant country/bluesgrass singer.  Have yet to eat, but the menu is fairly standard pub grub - steak pie, Hunters chicken etc. I do wish they did chips are a side though and not only with meals. Hard to give it more than 3 stars when I've not eaten, but it's perfectly pleasant and a decent local.
1	Yikes. I wasn't too keen on Guilty Lilly, the previous occupant of this building that closed down some time ago, but The Bonnington achieves an entirely new level of grim. It can't quite make up its mind whether it wants to be a nice old man pub (which would probably suit the hard core of guys who have stuck with it through its numerous changes in ownership) or something a bit more quirky. As a result, The Bonnington has precisely zero character and all the charm of a corn plaster in a swimming pool.The selection of drinks is decent and, to be completely fair, the two times I've been in the draught beers seemed fine.The food, however, is a different story. I completely understand that since the smoking ban, pubs really need to serve food to entice people in. But honestly, if you're not going to commit to it, just stick to burger and chips. If, however, your menu promises a spiced vegetable grill in a soft white roll, I don't really expect a few chunks of almost raw pumpkin (or squash, or something) in a stale bap, which is what I got.In short, if you're in the neighbourhood, it's well worth walking a bit further to Cannonmills, Newhaven or Leith.
4	We've just moved to the area and this is our new local! Now don't get me wrong, it's no Villager or Bond No.9, but at the same time it's not trying to be something it's not. The Bonnington is a nice, simple, clean and friendly local pub. It isn't trying to be some fancy bar or serve Michelin star food. It serves good priced traditional pub food with a well stocked reasonably priced selection of beverages.They are often showing the football on their TVs but the sound is only on in the top section of the bar, so if football isn't your thing then you can sit down in the bottom section.The decor is nice and cosy, the staff are really friendly, they have live music on Saturday nights and a pub quiz on a Sunday. For those who have a dog, it is also dog friendly. So far I have tried the wine (the house red and white are both pleasant and very cheap), the chilli nachos (very tasty) and the steak and Guinness pie which was delicious with a fluffy puff pastry lid.What more could you ask for from a local pub?
4	Having just moved into the area, the Bonnington is the nearest option for:A) JDB) Pub grubC) Live footballNo brainer really.Joking aside, this place has recently had a sports bar makeover from it's previous incarnation as the Guilty Lily, which if I'm honest, I wasn't a massive fan of after my one visit. The Bonnington has taken up the mantle and delivers a completely satisfactory bar room experience.At first impressions I thought the food would be overpriced drivel, I thought  the older regulars who are still hanging on to the boozer from past guises would be rowdy and unwelcoming of any newcomers, and I thought the staff would be seasoned - no, jaded - pros who only have time for their loyal faithful.Not so on all counts.The food is reasonably priced and decent. Their soup, sandwich and pies change daily (perhaps weekly in the case of the pie - Steak and Guiness both times we visited last week), and, although I wasn't immediately impressed by the sight of the burger - felt the bun was a bit too dominating compared to the meat - it delivered a big surprise in both moisture and flavour.The rowdy regulars aren't rowdy at all, gathering at 'their end' of the bar under one of the many tellies, and completely minding their own business. They even add a source of entertainment after they get a little tipsy and banter starts to flow. On top of that the rest of the client base seems to be a massive mixed bag of students, working professionals, blind-daters and families in for a spot of lunch/dinner (linner?).The staff are the icing on the cake, friendly and charming with a natural, un-forced way of making you feel like a local. Not overly attentive but in now way neglectful. A perfect balance, devoid of pretention or attitude.Of course there are negs. I have two, both with the menu, which I think could be a touch more creative. I love the standard pub fare, but as a local now, I could work my way through it and grow bored quite quickly. Perhaps a leaf out of the Roseleaf's book would help. Also, I really want to see some mash on there somewhere. The pies are outstanding and the handcut chips great... but I like my pies with mash and gravy.All in all a great place to make a new neighbour feel welcome. I'll be back and often.Oh, and the have Scrabble and Dominos - worth another point alone!
4	I'm not going to say I was wrong about The Bonnington in my original review, but I was certainly hasty. They'd only just opened and were, by their own admission, having a bit of trouble on the whole food side.Anyway! New chef, new menu and it's all settled down into a perfectly nice local pub. I've eaten there a few times in recent weeks, and there's a good mix of hearty pub grub (burgers, pies, baked potatoes etc) and interesting lighter stuff (including wild mushrooms on toast which, although a bit garlicky, hit the lunch spot).They also have some nice beers on tap, including a couple of locally produced guest ales, which seem well kept and are a good price.They really ace it on the service these days though. We had a bit of a cock-up on the lunch order (a new start, plus the kitchen running out of things led to confusion and a delay) and they offered to waive our bill without us having to say anything. They were really good about the whole thing.Basically, I'm happy to consider this my local.
3	Perfectly serviceable local pub down the road from my work. It's not the most exciting of establishments, but the decoration is nice, there are plenty of seats and the bar is well stocked. The area is a bit of a no-man's land when it comes to decent places to eat and drink, so the Bonnington fills a required hole pretty well. I haven't eaten here yet - when I enquired about grub I was told food was off as the chef was ill. So that's still to happen. But as a place to sit down, chat and have a drink or two you could do an awful lot worse.
3	Wow. We used to come here and it was brilliant. Came back today and what a shambles.The only good point is the drinks. As for the food, that was honestly my worst experience ever.The Haggis arrived still frozen for one of our party, and for the rest of our party it arrived with the cellophane still wrapped around it.Our friends burger came without the burger (yes, you read that right). The potato wedges were undercooked.The flies seem to be finding it a nice environment though.To be fair to them, they did take the price of three (of four) meals off the bill as a result of how bad it was.
5	Let's call our previous visit a blip. A massive blip. Things have returned to fantastic service once again.
