1	This store looked much better than the one we went to on Twain - at least on the outside.  But don't let the facelift fool you - it is filthy inside - dust on the shelves and dirt on the floor.It was so gross than I wouldn't even shop here.Try Fresh and Easy - that's what we did.Vons/Safeway - clean up your Vegas stores!
1	Ha Ha, when I first moved to vegas I quickly named this location, "Ghetto Von's" Ha Ha but the funny thing is that as I began to meet new people they all independetly referred to it as "Ghetto Von's."  So yeah, that pretty much sums it up, this place is hella ghetto.  Most of the produce is pretty shabby, I get the feeling that this is the place other Von's stores dump their about to expire goods.  Their prices also suck.  I suspect that's because this is probably the closest grocery store to the strip.  The booze and ice in particular are no bargin.And of course you have all the crack heads and freaks hasseling you in the parking lot, that's always a treat!Steer Clear Big Tuna, head for open waters!  (that means don't go here!)
4	i mean, if you're coming from out of town, this place isn't so bad. basically a grocery/liquor store. it's good for stocking up on tecate and wild turkey. the few times i've been here i wouldn't describe it as ghetto at all. i guess las vegas isn't on the same level as west philadelphia.  good selection of beer and and every other alcohol. you can even type in your genaurdi's code to get the sale deals cuz they're related. i'll always stop here. plus one of these von's was featured in fear and loathing in las vegas. how could you go wrong?
5	Always my 1st stop in Vegas after i get the rental car.  Its a safeway company so if you are from Cali use your Safeway Club Card.  Why pay $4 for a water in your hotel room when you can get a case for $4.Usually pretty friendly staff and decent prices.
1	Couple of reviews on here saying how "its better than paying more in the hotels" - that is true.Lets say you went to college here - Friday/Saturday night, and you're making a 'quick' beer/liquor run for the girls back at the party waiting? Not happening. First, don't bring anybody who doesnt have an ID, they won't even sell it to you under suspicion you are going to be giving it to them. Well, yeah, who is going to drink a litre of their awful vodka by themselves - someone underage and who doesn't know any better.All of this above is contingent on if you feel like waiting 30 minutes for their one checker that is open. That isn't a one off event. It is dissatisfaction guaranteed. Every time. You can expect to get hassled in this place each time, every time. Once you do get your goods and make your way out of the place. You then get to deal with the bums, beggars, and hobos that try to hit you up for "bus money".
2	Good for a quick food or liquor run, but ghetto by Cali grocery store standards. Needs a makeover. Extra star for convenience.
4	We came here to buy some groceries, and we are surprise how friendly the whole staff are.in every parts of the store they greet you and asked if you need help. And the Cashier has been so cheerful and funny. My overall experience is Great.
4	This place is the cheapest and closest place to get booze near the strip.  we were able to get 3 bottles for the price we would of had to pay any of the stores on the strip. Will be back on our next trip.
5	Yes, it's a pretty shitty looking Vons.  Kinda musty up in that ish, but it gets five stars from me for...1. Being close to UNLV2. Being open 24 hours3. Having cheap boozeThe only downfall is that I wasn't gonna be carded at first. Hello? I look 16 beezys! Overall, if I lived out there and went to school at UNLV, this would be a hot spot for me. :]
4	Timeshare with full kitchen equals stocking up on food and drinks is a must. We got the last few tidbits that Wal-Mart did not carry at this Von's. It was not hugely glamorous but it did the trick. The employees were polite and we were able to find good deals on meat and some other goods.
4	Pre-drinking starts here.Well, not there per say but call them your local supplier. This is most certainly the sketchiest and filthiest Vons I've been to. This place is a circus! Our trip here made for an interesting one; college students, locals, tourists, hookers/escorts, their John's and pimps all shop here! Would I come here to buy their fruits, veggies or proteins (which btw, didn't look all that fresh)? Hell. to. the. no.But what we did come here for was located along several isles, one of which you must be over 21 years of age to even step foot in. I could not believe the prices for their alcohol and soon enough we came out of there with several bags enough to take an elephant down but enough to celebrate with our cousins, one of whom turned 21. They're fantastic!
4	I shop here ALL the time because I live just couple of streets away!Positive:- Open 24/7- Very friendly & helpful staff- When things go on sale, the prices are really good- I haven't suffered from long lines here yet- Of course, Vons delivers!- They sell 25 cents per gallon of water outside- They are next to a taco shop! LOLNegative:- Not very clean- Expensive most of the time- Sometimes their meat is brown and really old- They inject so much color to make the meat look fresh- Some of the produce aren't fresh or they are overripe (apples, avocados and potatos usually.) In fact once I bought a 10 lb bag on sale for $2.99 and 75% of them were so stinky and near-rotten. It was only evident after I opened it.
2	What's with the 4 and 5 star reviews for this Ghetto Von's? It's being remodeled and it is a dump with no bakery!It is also a magnet for that motely crew known as Riff Raff.And no, that isn't the name of the latest production of Cirque du Soleil! When I came in to buy some bread I can find at any other Von's or Safeway, they didn't have it here because they only had one temporary shelf of bread! The floors were ripped up to exposed concrete, and it looked like they were converting the place into a homeless shelter!If you are visiting Las Wages and you gambled all of your money away, and you are broke and bummed out, come here, you'll feel right at home.Except the people here aren't just visiting, they live here on the East side.
3	Before remodeling they deserved a 2, but I would say after they remodeled they have a 2.5 (since it's in my area I'll round up to a 3). And I have lived in this area for years and always wondered when the time would come and they finally had the finances to remodel. The inside looks 10x better in my eyes and was very much needed. Unfortunately they only have a service deli and makes me sad there's no butcher counter or bakery. I think the best asset of this Vons is that it's conviently located near the strip.
1	Stopped here while in Vegas for a few days. Never again! I really hate to see what this place was like before they remodled.  Ghetto store that sells rotten produce.  They had "squishy squash" on the shelf and when I brought it to the produce clerks attention, he apologized and brought me out a box of squash from the back, that was full of rotten squash. Makes me sick to my stomach just thinking about it.
1	I take that back, the past two times I've purchased ice cream products from here they have been aweful. There has to be something wrong with their freezers.
3	Ok, let me start by saying I am a fan of Smiths stores. I believe Vons are overpriced for the most part. That being said I can honestly give this vons 3 stars because of their staff.  Every cashier I encounter is very nice friendly. The people in the deli and produce are helpful and people always ask me if I need help finding something. As far as the cleanliness goes I don't think people understand that this store has been around for a while it seems. While Vegas has boomed and the majority of the stores have been built in the past decade, this store still looks pretty great for its age. It's nice to see Vons redoing a store instead of closing them down and letting walmart take over the city. I haven't been in the back of this store, but I can tell you that Vons have the cleanest stores out of the big chains by a mile. I worked for a beer vendor so I have been in probably 75% of the big chain grocery stores around town and Vons are always very neat and orderly. The staff definitely saves the vons review for me because honestly with no bakery and alot of items that are priced high or priced with gimmicks it would of been a bit lower.
3	Wow is all I have to say about the reviews for this place. Just seriously.... REALLY??This Vons may be in a slightly "ghetto" area of town, but the store is perfectly fine and the staff is incredibly nice. In fact, the only reason this Vons could be considered "ghetto" is because of the snippy college students frequenting it for their beer runs and mini-fridge stuffing.Any time I have ever run into this store on the way home from work I have been asked if I needed help finding something and the cashiers are friendly too.If you think this Vons is "ghetto" please go and visit the K-Mart on Bonanza and Nellis. PUH-LEASE! Get it together people. This store is remodeled, ya, it's kind of old, but at least it is clean. The alcohol section is glorious and maybe it doesn't have a bakery, but there IS a bakery located in the same exact shopping center as this Vons. Get yo bread on there.
3	I prefer this Vons because even through the remodeling phase they had a year ago, the staff were really helpful to make sure we got what we needed and could find it. The place was being upgraded and they had to close down early for a few weeks, maybe a month, but after that, the place is great! it is always clean, the staff is still awesome, the security guards are very nice about walking people to their cars if they need to, and everything is easy to find. Vons prices are pretty fair to me. I use my rewards card and the price gets knocked down even more, got to love that! The wine and other booze is pretty cheap then most places I know. Plus, a great selection as well. So many choices, so many wines to taste! The surrounding population that may come to Vons can be a bit creepy, but overall I feel safe walking here from the University when I need to grab some stuff or even a cup of their soup they make on a daily basis. Mexican Tortilla Soup-Yum!It really is not as bad as the reviews are making it, I agree with Ashley B.'s post!
2	I think what this Vons has it going for them is their proximity to UNLV. I wasn't around before the remodel, so I can only base my review on what it currently looks like.Prices are standard for a grocery, though I've found that their organic items tends to be a tad more pricey than other normal groceries. This Vons has a "darker" feel to it, though I think they were going for a natural-light feel.As mentioned, this Vons location is very close to UNLV. I see students going here often. I usually go after class to pick up some groceries or whatnot. A few times I had went while carrying my backpack. I got some hassle today from an employee there about my backpack. It's just a small backpack, and I wasn't carrying a purse. :\I noticed today that they had new products in their small gluten free section. I love that they have been rotating their stock, but I noticed that they don't have any Bakery on Main items anymore! That was one of the reasons I went to this Vons location (besides it being near UNLV). They had in the past always carried Bakery on Main's cranberry granola. Now I have to make a trek over to Sunflower or some other market.
2	The only thing this Von's has going for it is that it was on my way back from grubbin' at In-N-Out across the street.  I've never had to pass through a turn-style to get into a grocery store - what exactly is that about? I understand the neighborhood is a bit on the sketchy side, but I've also never seen an entire aisle locked with gates - you need to have an employee unlock the gate if you need anything in the personal care aisle.  Maybe this shouldn't be held against the store in general, but it gives me a weird vibe.  While I was checking out, the cashier initiated a conversation about the economy and recession, making comments that not everybody can afford groceries anymore and how her personal financial troubles caused her home to lose value, etc.  She seemed very angry.  While I can definitely sympathize, it made me totally uncomfortable.
4	This is a very basic Vons and it's not one of their fancier locations. If you want a deli, produce, dairy, and a medium sized beer & wine selection they have what you need. If you're looking for a bakery, or some of Von's higher end offerings such as an outside gas station this location is not the Von's you're looking for. While some may consider the area "sketchy" it's within walking distance of UNLV, a short cab ride from the Strip, and if you need a few things to hold you over this location works. 4 Stars. Haters are going to hate but when you need milk at 2 am or are just flat burned out on overpriced Strip food and want to grab some basics this location works quite well.
2	Even if this grocery store were next to my house, I would have to say I'd go elsewhere. It was filthy, the lines were four or five full carts deep, and the prices were higher than I expected. I have a go-to bottle of wine that was, drumroll please, $4 more expensive here than in Henderson. Creepy dudes hitting on my super nice friend are also never welcome. It was fluke that I was here but I would not choose this place over another grocery store.
5	I dare give this Vons this review because it exemplifies what Las Vegas IS. This location is at the convergence of UNLV, a major bus transition point and overflow from the Strip. It is real and old and grimy. Any individual consumable above 10 dollars is locked up. This is one of the most socioeconomically diverse locations. Bright eyed and beaten down University students, government aid recipients, limo and taxi drivers and passengers, lost international tourists... This location has it all. Im surprised this location doesnt still allow smoking. Its not fancy or redone. Its dark but clean. The parking lot is the nexus between somewhere good and somewhere bad; but I love this market for this intrinsic charm.
2	The closest Vons aka Safeway to our hotel when we were in Vegas for the 2012 Olympia Expo and Show.Ummm, it's ghetto and there's NO bakery section. WTF?! You walk in and the only baked goods they got goin on is the little display counter in the front left side of the store.No self-checkout stations. Boo!And the produce didn't look too "fresh" to me.Only plus side to this store is that it's open 24 hours.
1	The whole place smells like the sewer backed up into it. Thank God I was just there for eye drops; had I been after food, I couldn't have brought myself to eat it.
1	This is the closest grocery store to my apartment. I have gotten sick from the old food here 3 times over the last 2 years. Milk that smelled fine (and that was well within the sell-by date) made me violently ill. This was AFTER their dairy coolers went down a couple days before, and a bunch of milk was dumped in the parking lot. Imitation Crab meat that made me sick, and Pork Roast that went bad a week before the sell-by-date.Most of the baggers can't bag groceries properly to save their lives. Most of the cashiers (with one or two exceptions) aren't much better. No bakery, old and spoiled food, and overpriced. As others have mentioned, there's usually only one cashier working and the lines can be long.
2	This vons is the closest grocery store to my apartment and it is in a really rough areaI have been approached by sketchy people outside and even inside several timesso just keep your wits about you, especially if you are alone at night. I am a young girl so I always have the in store security guard walk me to my car at night.  The staff is always really nice and helpful. The food is ok, mostly typical, not a huge selection being its a smaller store  . .  no cheese selection though :( and the seafood section isn't the best either. I also saw a dead rat out front the door by their redbox which they left there for several days  . .its still there  . . which was kind of disturbing to me . .
3	It's not a bad location but every time that i come into this store there never seems to be more then 2 cashiers on at any given time.
1	One word. GHETTO!I have never been to a grocery store where you have to go outside to get a cart and then push it through a gate and walk through a little turn-style type thing to get into the grocery store. Weird. I guess it is to prevent the homeless from stealing the carts, I don't know. Also, what grocery store runs out of butter? My sister and I went here on a Monday night to get stuff for our hotel rooms. Their produce wasn't the best, in fact all of the cucumbers were very soft and on the verge of going bad. The lettuce was browning and the fruit looked like it was all on its last leg. Anyway, we needed to get some butter as my sister's husband likes bagels with butter in the morning. Well, I guess the section where the butter is kept broke down and they had to take all of it off the shelves. Like I said, ghetto! I guess they didn't have any in the back either. When we went to check out they had 1 lane open with a line about 10 people deep. The worst thing of it all is that the manager was just standing there fanning herself instead of opening up a register and helping the customers. It was a very frustrating experience. Next time I'll go to a different grocery store.
1	Filthy store, terrible selection, only two checkout lines open.  Absolutely the worst grocery I've ever walked into.  The store needs to be demolished and rebuilt -- with new employees.  Better selection and prices at a drugstore or a convenience store.
5	Good Service, it was a long line but they got everyone out quick. Chris was very helpful helping me find hand soap...
5	G'day I am from Australia and I was referred to this store buy the people at The Desert Rose Resort , I have been back to Vegas two years in a row and I have found some awesome places to visit and have spent a total of $1 in gambling total .I found the staff extremely helpful , the food was of a great standard , to those who complain about the food quality and the staff come to Australia they will either ignore you or abuse you. Seriously the staff were awesome in helping me find my way around a new store the groceries I bought were of a very good quality and lasted extremely well.Our holidays were both in the September -October of 2013 & 2014 I would like to pass on HUGE THANK YOU TO THE STAFF YAY finally some down to earth help .Regards John saunders 3 Hyde place Forest lake Queensland 4078AustraliaIf you do a,google map we have a black compact in the drive so you know this is legitimate .
2	This is not the nicest area. Nor is this the nicest Safeway.There's a gate you have to have a security guard open to get into the health and beauty selection. I've been to a lot of Safeways in my day and gotta tell ya. That's a first for me.And armed guard watching you while you pick up your unmentionables? Yep, in San Francisco there'd be a riot.I picked up my bread and turkey for the hotel and a couple coconut waters and skedaddled.Doubt I'll ever be back unless we return to the same hotel next year.
1	Uh in a word, no. No, no, no, I walked over from UNLV to get some snacks here. After getting past the 2 "interesting" individuals asking for money I made my way into the very front entrance of the store. The security guard pointed at me and said rather rudely "You have to leave your bag here." He pointed at the floor. Absolutely NOT, I have every thing in that bag! School supplies, books, tests, laptop, wallet.. Hell no.If you are that worried I am going to steal something in your store, I don't need to be in your store. If your store has the type of clientele that steals, how do I know my bag would be safe? Sorry Charlie, that is a bad smellin fish.. So needless to say I left. Now if I had driven over I could have left my book bag in the trunk of the car, but I was on foot.As I say, if the clientele that frequent this store are that bad I don't need to be in this store. On a side note to businesses, if you want people to leave a large bag, or book bag give them a place to lock it up in, a locker, something...
1	I've been shopping at this Vons for 6 years, as it is the closest grocers to my home. They remodeled it a few years ago but it didn't make that much difference. It's still an old, small crowded store. I always liked the staff though. They were always so sweet, friendly and would remember my face. Now, it is a completely new crew working there. This batch is downright incompetent. I hate going into this store anymore. Plus, there are often beggars outside pestering you for handouts. This has become my "in-a-pinch" store.  If you have a car, avoid this store at all costs.
2	A lot of other reviewers point out that this location is somewhat run-down, and frequented by "colorful" individuals. While I can appreciate that it's near a university and any neighborhood market in Vegas if going to have its share of seedy characters, this location doesn't have its act together enough to make me feel all right about their practices.I've been to this location twice; once, I asked if I could leave my backpack at the customer service desk, and several employees, including a manager, looked at me funny. I take the bus everywhere, so I always carry a pack and I'm used to leaving it up front, and I thought it strange that they seemed unused to the practice.The second visit yielded two security personnel who started to approach me even before I'd crossed the threshold, one of whom asked me to leave my bag (which I already had halfway off). Basically, it was the exact opposite of the last visit. Having a backpack policy is understandable, but irregular enforcement is not.The men's room smelled, had but one soap dispenser, no paper towels, and a floor that did not appear to have been cleaned that day. The restrooms are also located in the back, behind a door, in what is literally part of the stockrooms. Added to the fact that Vons/Safeway has higher prices than Smith's/Kroger, and you've got a store I'm not likely to return to.
2	Store overall was ok. But the parking  lot was FILTHY ! hoorible trash everywhere.  Not enough  checkers. Not the best vons  store in the world. But was close to our hotel. ....sorta
2	I come here frequently for snacks,last minute dinners, and due to the fact I can be downright lazy. Sue me. Be warned this location is a bit of the sketchy side.   Squeak,squeak,squeak " You're a lying heroin addict, a *****, I can't trust you,etc etc. This is coming from a guy who is pedaling his ancient huffy bicycle while yelling at his girlfriend. Newsflash: she is NOT your girlfriend! She is married to the needle and expecting honesty from a drug addict is like trying to get a suite at the Bellagio for $100 a night.   The store is small, meager selection,and the employees don't look all that happy to be there. Can you blame them??
1	I fucking hate this store!!! Very limited selection, rarely enough cashiers, very obvious oversights -no makeup at a store ACROSS THE STREET from a major university? Really? The only reason anyone shops there is that there isn't another regular grocery store within 2 miles. Things are overpriced because it's the first grocery store in Tropicana coming from the Strip. But the worst thing? Their 24hr security guards force everyone-adults included-to leave bags up front. No bag check system whatsoever. I came back after grabbing a few things only to find the Jackasswandering the store while my bag sits unguarded by the door.Is anyone making minimum wage there going to replace my laptop if it gets stolen? I doubt it. What about compensating me for the countless hours of work on there? Not likely. Buy a fucking camera system. Quit trading your customers l like criminals. Fuck you, Vons.
