3	Came here to buy a business pad and some thank you cards. I found everything quite easily and everything was reasonably priced. Not a bad place to get those things you don't want in bulk. Friendly staff.
3	I needed to send a package on a Sunday and the FedEx site said that this was the closest to me. Awesome. The clerk took care of my package professionally and without issue.And then I wandered around to see if there were any office supplies or furniture that shouted "buy me!" I was almost to the register when I spotted their display of deeply discounted electronics. Some of it as much as 30 to 50% off. Bonus.OfficeMax has free wifi, which was useful as I looked up the reviews of all of those cheap digital cameras and camcorders to see if any of them were a real bargain. Yeah, a few were good and a few were cheaper than if I had bought them on eBay.
3	Bought company office supplies here. Unfettered roaming. ACRES of parking.
3	I'm not a big fan of this area of town anymore. Regardless, this is the closest Office Max to my workplace and I was in desperate need of labels. You can tell the building is old and it really feels that way when you walk in. They are in serious need of revamping or relocating. I was greeted within a few seconds of walking in the door. I normally enjoy a decent greeting and check-in sometime during my visit, however I was greeted 7 times in the span of 5 minutes. I'm pretty sure a couple people asked me if I was finding everything twice. Were they even paying attention to who they were asking?After finding the labels I needed, I realized Sharpies were necessary. While perusing the extensive Sharpie selection, I took a phone call from my husband. While clearly talking on the phone, I was interrupted 3 more times by people that had already asked me if i was finding everything ok. I am all for customer service, but this was far beyond normal customer service. Overly aggressive customer service folks aside, the store had the selection I needed and overall, my goal was accomplished. Ironically, the cashier did *not* ask me if I found everything I needed. So odd.
