2	The only reason I continue to patronize this location is that it is located within a mile of my house.  The new Walgreens on Kyrene is much better stocked and doesn't have the shady characters and teenagers hanging out in the parking lot.  Even some of the cashiers at this location look a little sketchy.  The pharmacy staff is extremely slow and incompetent.  The have a variety of food stuff but I don't trust any of it since I have inadvertently bought spoiled milk here twice.  Really the only thing I get here now is booze on the weekend or candy for the movies.
2	If you need something quick, then come here for (A) Vitamin Water (B) Water (C) 6-Pack of Beer.The exterior of the place usually has a bunch of punk teens hanging around or hobos and the parking lot is somewhat seedy if you park around the corner. The store itself has the typical Walgreens goods so that you can be  assured of.  Prices are typical nothing special.  The alcohol section does the trick if you need something fast.At least you can buy, Water, beer, and tylenol all in the same place.
4	This Walgreens deserves a much better review. This is a location that I frequent for last minute beer runs and occasionally cosmetics and cold medicine and other last minute necessities. I have always had good service here. The cashiers are always friendly whether it be 4pm or 11pm. One of the night manager's is especially friendly and I will have to get his name on my next visit so I can update it on here. He deserves a call out for good service.One of the cashiers named Cat is also especially helpful and friendly. I'm not sure if management has changed since 2011 when the other reviews were written but this location has stepped it up. Good customer service.I will be back for my last minute necessities.
5	I am so impressed with the pharmacy staff at this location!! They consistently exceed my expectations. For example, today I went to another Walgreens (Kyrene/Ryan) which never seems to have any of the medications in stock that I need, so I had them transfer my prescription to Rural/Chandler. Crystal the Rx Manager had my prescription bagged and ready for pick-up before I even arrived which was less then a 5 minute drive away. They have done this numerous times for me in the past as well. I have never been in the store only the drive-thru, but the Pharmacy staff is friendly, quick, thoughtful, precise, professional, and knowledgeable!! 5-Stars. I cannot thank them enough for helping my family with our health! They will be my pharmacy of choice for all my prescriptions from now on! :)
