4	Man, was I happy when this place opened up less than 2 miles from my house growing up.Anyone who hasn't skipped out on Starbucks for a morning coffee from DD needs to get on that immediately. Their house brew kicks that Pikes Place nonsense to the curb. And it's cheaper. Win.I've never had a problem with this particular DD, other than the occasional line at the drive through. The service is always quick and friendly, which is all I really ask for.Whether it's fall or winter and you're getting a hot coffee or spring or summer and you're getting one of those giant iced coffee crack treats, get on this train. Now. Go DD.
3	Dunkin donut + baskin robbins = win. Friendly staff cheerfully took my coffee order. Coffee came w free syrup! No extra charge like st@rbux. :-)
1	I'm usually craving some Fat Free Frozen Yogurt from Baskin Robbins/Dunkin Donuts after I get off work at 11:00pm and was always sad that the BB in Tega Cay wasn't open that late. The one time in the middle of the day that I was craving FFFY, I stopped by this location for the first time. There was a girl who was sweeping and when I walked in, she said that someone would be with me shortly. About 30 seconds later, another female employee walks through. She didn't acknowledge me at all and definitely wasn't taking my order. About a minute and half later -1st girl still sweeping, 2nd girl is nowhere to be seen. A male customer walks in (at least I thought he was a customer). 2nd girl comes from back and walks to register. I thought she was about to take my order but no - she does something on the screen and then walks out with the "male customer." Still not acknowledging my presence. Another minute goes by and 1st girl stops sweeping. I thought she was at least gonna take my order or find someone who can. I was wrong again. She picks up a spray bottle and starts spraying the counters. Horrible service. This is the first impression you want to give new customers???? I'm not stopping by here ever again no matter how much I'm craving FFFY. I'll drive the 10 minutes to the BB/DD in Rock Hill on Celanese anyday of the week. They actually want to make money by taking orders.
5	Always gets my order right and they give the pups free plain munchkins when they are in the car when i go through the drive through :)
5	Since Baskin Robbins mint chocolate chip ice cream is my wife's favorite I have been to Baskin Robbins Dunkin Donuts all over the country. I have never been to Baskin Robbins with a better staff anywhere in the country. It doesn't matter who has ever waited on me, they have always been outstanding. And the Shocker is they're all fairly young but they are always respectful, courteous and they always go above and beyond to serve me and my family.
2	Took over 10 min in the drive thru. ..1st time at this location.   The woman who took my order would not let me finish speaking long enough to get understand my order... get it together DD...
