5	To my knowledge this is the only place in Charlotte that sells designer clothing such as Gucci, Fendi, Dolce and Gabbana, Roberto Cavalli, etc.Yes this place is considered by most to be extremely expensive for shopping, but for the goods they sell are actually pretty decent prices (compared to other outlets like Barney's or Sak's Fifth Ave, neither of which are located within 100 miles of Charlotte)If you are looking for designer brand clothing then this is the place to shop. It carries most big designer brands, though I was disappointed to know they don't carry my favorite designer Gianfranco Ferre. Most of the people I've talked to are somewhat knowledgeable about brands and can answer some questions about the items.
4	This is the only Neiman Marcus to grace the state of North Carolina to date.  And it is adequate -- there is no cafe or restaurant (Neiman Marcus restaurants are known for their popovers and strawberry butter -- YUM!).  The selection seems to be fashionable and current (the designers you'd expect).  The staff is quite friendly.  They are eager to please and remember names.  Nice.
5	Dear Neiman Marcus,Why, oh why must you tempt me with your amazing selection of designer jeans and shoes?  You know I'm going to get in trouble if I come home with another bag filled with NM goodies!  Please stop luring me into your store because you know I possess zero self control.Yours truly,CGOkay, okay....in all seriousness, I really love this store.  Having lived in or around Charlotte my entire life, it is great to see a "big city" store in our town!  During my first trip, I was blown away at how nice the employees were.  They catered to every whim and even brought champagne into my dressing room (okay, now let's put on our thinking caps....champagne + fitting room filled with fabulous clothes and shoes  + shopping addict - all self control = great commission for said sales person!).  Having a special love for Seven and Citizen jeans, I thought their selection was amazing.  I almost felt like I had my own personal shopper during the visit.  Umm, yes, it's safe to say I'll be back.
1	Huh?!  Are there still mindless drones shopping at Needless Markup???
4	What??  No cafe?  Not even a small one?  No popovers??!(faint)Well... aside from that.This is a nice Neiman's...medium sized...with a pretty large selection of dresses.... so it seemed to me at the time.  Shoe selection could be better.  Bags were pretty standard. More denim would be helpful too.But no popovers.Sadness.For those who don't know, in store Neiman's only accepts it's own credit card or Amex.   So go prepared.   Online, you can use Visa/MC.
4	A great store carrying brands you just don't see in most parts of the Carolinas.  Can always find something I like here, though I may not like it enough at their prices.The problem with this NM is that they don't carry a lot of the things you can order from NM online, should you so desire.  But ordering clothes online doesnt work, not unless you are buying a backup of something you already have and know fits you.You are still going to have to go elswhere (NY, Atlanta) to see some things that they just dont carry.
4	If you are ever looking for a  particular bag that is not available in the store, on line, or at boutiques, give Natasha a call @ the Chanel handbag dept.I've been looking for a particular bag for 3+weeks. It's still sold out, yet Natasha made it happen.If you are ever that desperate ( I know I WAS THAT DESPERATE), stop stressing, and let Natasha find it for you.And this isn't the first time... Around this time last year, I was @ NM in Atlanta. HORRIBLE service. The SA was too busy. It was during X-mas shopping season, everyone and their mamas were out shopping. So when I got back home, called NM in Charlotte, spoke to Natasha. 5 minutes later, she located the bags, and was able to ship it to me.For a sales associate that I have NEVER met in person, yet has helped locate 4 bags for me, I look forward to one day meeting her in person.
4	BAH for somebody who LOVES high fashion, Neiman Marcus is a sweet temptation. It's got the major high fashion bases covered-Chanel, Kate Spade, Dian von Furstenberg, DKNY, Michael Kors, Marc Jacobs, and thousands more. If you have ridiculous amounts of money to spend on clothing that isn't a whole bunch different from something from Nordstroms other than the name-tag. The shoe section is what gets me really excited-Bottega Venetta, UGG, Monolo Blaknik, and Christian Louboutin! (My dream shoe-I hope to own a pair one day so that I can stop coloring the soles of Forever 21 heels red and get some already red ones) Great service even to me-a casually dressed teenager who strolls in to the store just to look mostly. Their cosmetic section is great as well-They carry the Kiehl's line which is hard to find and they can provide samples for you if you want to try before you buy. Great store!
3	The men's department has "edgy" clothes, which don't work for me, and I didn't really care for the awkward moment when I was going to buy something but didn't have an Amex card with me.  (I then just walked down to Nordstrom and found something I liked better, and used my Visa card to buy it.)
5	OK. as of June 1st, the price of Chanel bags are going up AGAIN.Natasha has made it happen AGAIN. My 5th bag hunt, her 5th sale with me. I swear this girls got some magic wand somewhere.The store is small in comparison to the one in SF or Boston, but the store sure makes up their size in their excellent customer service.AND... to the gentleman who gave nm a one star and called it a needless markups, that's a fair point. but i AM willing to work very hard so i can indulge in a bag or two from time to time, so be it. :Di rather have 1 chanel bag than 10 coach bags. no offense.
2	What, is my money not good here? Should I have dressed up instead of come in after the gym--  or carried in a Marc Jacobs handbag instead of a gym tote? Does this sales associate (SA) know I'm a level 3, sometimes level 4 cardholder at Nordstrom?  Are you going to keep ignoring me? One thing high-end stores don't get, is you can't judge people by what they're wearing.  I went in one day after the gym to buy a dress I had my eye on in the contemporary department.  This was a well researched dress, I knew exactly which one I wanted.  I wandered aimlessly around for a good 15 minutes before anyone even approached me.  No, scratch that.  If memory serves me correctly, I had to track someone down.  Not even an SA to say "Let me know if there's anything I can help you with." But, another woman who had just entered the department, dressed to the 9's (which I by the way find pointless to do when you're SHOPPING FOR CLOTHES, NOT GOING TO A PARTY) who did not have a relationship with the SA, get asked if she needed assistance. When I did track someone down-- she didn't know the dress I was talking about, even though it was a popular DVF print, featured online and in their latest catalog.  We finally figured out which one it was, but since it wasn't in store, I got no offer to have it charge sent to me, or any other solution. Don't get me wrong, I've had pleasant SA's here before, but they come few and far between.  The SA's in Boston are better, and understand the concept people with money to spend aren't going to necessarily wear it on their sleeve. It's at the point where, even if the item is on sale at NM and not at Nordstrom, I'd gladly pay the extra $.This is why, I'm a devoted Nordie's fan.  Their philosophy of good customer service is what keeps me going back-- even though NM has many of the same designers.
5	I love love LOVE NM! Seriously the decor designer did a phenomenal job!! (so artsy!) And though they are alot smaller than the one in Honolulu, they have better selections. And i love their edgy jewelries, and the sale assistants are soo sweet!
3	To start off a review with a song...if I had a million dollars...I might shop my heart out at Neiman Marcus. Compared to Nordies, they do have some of the best fashion focused brands out there. Louboutin, YSL, Chanel, Balenciaga. However, their service prevents me from spending tons o' time and money in the store. I have to agree with Dion on this one, unless I'm dressed to the nines and on my airs, I'm routinely ignored in the store. Maybe NM subscribes to a "the customer must ask for assistance" but I'm rarely even greeted when I'm in here. The one exception - the women's beauty department.I've even been in the shoe section to exchange a pair of shoes that my sweet husband purchased for me as a gift, and the folks there weren't warm, at all. And hubs just spent a very pretty penny on these shoes. Other items to note - they take American Express, their own CC or cash. That's it. I like your merchandise, Neiman's...but the service really has to step it up to move me away from Nordstrom and your online site.
4	Greetings fellow shopaholics.  I write this update, because I had a few SPLENDID experiences at Neiman's this past week, and must share.  Dianne in dress collections not only assisted me, she went above and beyond to track down my size Tory Burch jacket at a store in Texas.  She also called me several days after my shopping trip to update me on a suit I had my eye on, going on sale. Another woman in lingerie scoured the system to find a hard-to-buy size. Another woman in dresses also assisted me, even though I was already being helped. Dianne and I really hit it off, chatting about her family and the holidays...she even gave me heads up on when the Last Call sale would start, and when pre-sale would take place.  I think she saved me several hundred dollars...which was a good move.  I'll be loyal to shopping with her. Maybe Neiman's has finally woken up.  What a strange turn of events.  Usually Nordstrom is my go-to for service.  When I visited last week,  nobody offered help me. BUT... the ladies at Neiman's actually approached me several times to make sure I was being helped.  Score 1 for NM.
2	I told my sister that the only condition I will go to Charlotte with her is if we go to Neiman Marcus, as it is a few miles away from her new house.  I did my research on the site, it looked alright, but I wanted to see it in person.Walking up to it from the inside of the mall, it is down a quiet and hidden path, almost like a ghost town, at first, I liked this, but then I realized why...Walked through and went upstairs, there was a lady who greeted us, but that was about it.  Strolled through the housewares and kids for a few, and then headed back to men's.  Where was men's?  It took up about a quarter of the first floor, tucked away in the back.As my sis and I were browsing (I came here to shop, as I was ready to whip out my NM CC at any moment), we kept browsing, and browsing.  The 3 sales associates were too busy jerking each other off having their great laughs over god knows what.  As we were leaving the area, one guy said "hi".  Wow, that's all?  I smirked, and walked.I also realized this location has no cafes (as the Nordstrom in the same mall has a cafe AND a coffeeshop).Hopefully the lesson learned- you should know when people were going to spend money, drop what you are doing and assist them.  I didn't look my best because I just got done with a 4 hour car ride in 100 degree heat and I came to NM to drop some bills and freshen up.  Oh well!  I was also going to take more pictures of the store to add them to Yelp, but I didn't think they deserved it.The fact at least someone acknowledged us kept them the 2 star rating.Unfortunately, this was my MOST disappointing NM "experience" by far...  Thank god the people in ATL are not like that!
3	Not sure why, but I had some time to kill yesterday and I decided to give this place another chance.  I still got jeers from the sales people and only one gentleman- who I would like to recognize- Peter Webster was nice enough to chat with me (did not see him on my first visit).I ended up getting a shirt there, and it ended up being on sale, thanks to his knowledge.  So a big f u to the ones who kept ignoring me (especially the guy who wished he was Samuel L Jackson), and a high five to Peter!  It is people like Mr. Webster that give the service/retail industry a good name...
5	Seriously Neiman is such a great place to shop at! ( but if they have an restaurant in it too like their fellow brother and sister, it would awesome!) Why are they great? Well 1. They don't have any date restriction on their returns, why is that great? Well I bought a 7 jean and I don't know what happen but after the first wash, the metallic layer of the pant just all washed off so when I return they allow the return and were sincerely apologizing about it. 3. Great customer service! So thus is why I love NM! :)
5	Marginal selection for men by Neiman's normal standards; however it's still Neiman Marcus and thank God for it.
5	After having 2 less than par experiences at Neiman Marcus in CLT, I knew that the third time would HAVE to be a charm.  And what better way to test the waters than to do it on all days, "Black Friday"?  This time, I even brought my mom, my sis, and my nephew.We were greeted jovially throughout the store, and were helped on multiple occasions.  My first stop was in the men's section, to get some more socks and body wash.  Since the total was over $100, I lucked out, and was told I am eligible to get a $50 GC.  That was awesome!  I ended up going to the housewares area, to pick up some holiday tins as well.  That was a great experience as well.  The saleslady and I were reminiscing of the past collectible Yoku-Moku tins and the cool shit they had on them.  When I was done shopping, I went to the desk to get my gift card, the lady there was very friendly as well.  She even hooked it up with cookies and water, which I ended up giving to my sis.  I was glad to know that even on the busiest of days, we were able to be accommodated, and in return, we greatly appreciated it, and left with lots of grey bags.  Thanks for the turn around, NM!
4	Love NM! They finally accept Visa & MC. Thank goodness.. I am sure they had lots of complaints and lost a lot of customers because of that darn rule (only Amex!).Service: depends what I wear, then who I get. Luckily, the people who I have bought from were really nice - so I go to them for repeats. Goldie is super nice and goes above and beyond in the clothing line. Euvgenia is so humble and sweet in the jewelry section. Mark is wonderful and attentive in Men's section. Leonara is an expert in all skincare lines! These are my fave people and are nice, and will say hi to anyone!Price: it's Neiman's, it is expensive :(Place: I am so happy there is a NM here, but it is smaller than the ones I have been to. Thus, meaning less selection of purses, jewelry, skincare lines, shoes, and no restaurant. But the sales people here will go above and beyond to get what you need.Four? Well, it is a smaller store. If I do not see the sales rep I know, yes, others will ignore me. I just need a bigger NM!
5	The store is beautiful and the personal level of customer service is amazing! I've been coming here for years, before moving here I lived in South Carolina and it was well worth the drive. Sarah in women's shoes never judged for being a college student at the time and treated me like I was her best customer. I have been loyal to her years. Susan the jewelry manager has also been wonderful to me. She listens to what I'm looking for and over the years she knows what accessories were made for me. My favorite Holiday card is always from Susan- she's been apart of so many special moments in my life and I don't know her outside of the store. Ladies it's true you get what you pay for and I believe customer service is well worth it.
3	Cashmere socks. Overpriced everything. Empty of patrons, therefore great service.
5	My wife generally hates shopping, but was in need of new clothes for the office. The wardrobe of a grad student would no longer do. Kristen helped her put together a number of outfits within our target budget and gave her a mini course in corporate appropriate fashion. She was super patient and amazing to work with. My wife couldn't have been happier! It was her first positive shopping experience since I have known her.
