1	I had a bad experience here. If they say your system needs to be flushed, just get your oiled changed (that's it!). Go to a place that guarantees work (ie. certified mechanic, dealership). Lets just say their work, killed two of my families cars.Also they didn't carry the air filter I needed for my car. There was a lack in communication. (Hey all of us have our bad days.)
1	Previously, I had been very impressed by the knowledge of some techs at other Terrible Herbst oil change locations. When I was running late for an out of town trip, I did not want to take the time to pull out all of my tools, jack, jackstands, oil drain pan, etc change oil, shower, get dressed and head out of town, I was being lazy. I stopped by the closest oil change facility and told them I had my own oil and filter, I just needed them to change it. Only a $4.00 discount for bringing your own oil, laughable, but it was still worth it to me (I thought) to have them do the work.Watching the entire time, to make sure my oil went in, everything seemed good. Unfortunately, with newer cars, they have the plastic undertray to help protect the engine from splashes, and provide some measure of aerodynamic benefit. I say unfortunately, because it also hides minor-ish issues. I back into my sloped driveway, so I did not notice right away that they did not tighten the oil filter. Being that I own a turbo car, I thought the turbo had developed a hunger, and started eating oil, and that was where my consumption was from. No, it was just a lack of quality work. You aren't supposed to over tighten drain plugs or filters, but you do have to tighten them.Glad I caught it before I lost my motor.
5	Took our car here to get it washed. Used to come here years ago. They did a beautiful job! Really impressed, and they were super nice. Thanks!
5	I like coming to this one. I'm here often everyone is always friendly and nice. Their prices have gone up on some items where other places have gone down
5	Came here for a car wash and they did a wonderful job cleaning my car. They do take a lot longer then other car washes but once you get your car back you will see why. They are so detailed and make sure and not miss any spots. Great car wash I will definitely be a regular here.
1	Told me 30 minutes... It took over an hour and 15 mins - Please provide realistic expectations. Your only setting yourself up for failure. Poor service :(
