2	IHOP is probably the closest 24-hour restaurant in campustown other than Perkin's which is on Springfield. The selections are pretty standard and the portions are huge. The service is good but not great. Well, it's IHOP, so I wouldn't expect anything more than average.
3	Welcome to IHOP, please leave your expectations in the doorway. IHOP is one of the only establishment open 24 hrs on the main part of campus, and you know what? It sounds pretty good around 2am once the bars have closed. I would only give this place a chance with a little liquid courage, and that's ok. If you're looking for a family dining experience you are much better off at the Original Pancake House on Springfield--but IHOP certainly has its place.
1	This place is beyond disgusting.  Seriously, many people get food poisoning from this IHOP.  It is filthy dirty and there are always people starting fights there.  Service is okay, but the food is really disgusting.  I was at the convenience store next to this Ihop once and two of the cooks were in the store talking about how an "ugly chick" came in, and they were laughing about how they spit in her food.
1	Had the Breakfast sampler of 2 eggs, 2 links, 2 ham, 2 bacon, hash browns, 2 pancakes. Overall? Not tasty and kind of cold.However, since this was my second time to patronize this establishment, I must conclude that this is THE WORST IHOP EVER.
4	After seeing all the other poor reviews this place has, I stand somewhat flabbergasted about how people see this place that way.  Honestly, I go here once a month at minimum with a group of people, at least 6-12 at a time.  The service is top-notch, we are always greeted with a smile, the managers know us by name as well as group, and the food is always on par with the iHop restaurants in upstate NY.  I have rarely ever had a complaint, and if I did, the staff did their best to make sure it was corrected as quickly as possible.  For a national brand that iHop is, I am not expecting 5-star meals every time, but they do fairly well with what they have.
4	Pumpkin  pancakes are the bomb diggity!!
2	Went for breakfast this morning.  It was somewhat crowded with tables filled with students back from winter break.  Seems that they only have one volume: loud.  Which reminds me of the music piped in.  Now, I like Oldies rock and roll.  Grew up on it.  Have a vast collection of it.  That being said, I don't care for it blaring while I'm eating breakfast.  Ordered the Bacon Temptation omelet.  Bacon is, after all, a major food group.  Opted to substitute on the pancakes, getting the strawberry banana instead of the buttermilk.  The omelet was a decent size and the bacon done nicely, but it the flavor of the whole thing was bland, other than the bites with bacon.  There were some pale pink bits on top that were supposed to be chopped tomatoes that I scraped off, preferring my tomatoes red and ripe.  Moving on to the pancakes, I had hopes they would redeem this meal.  They did not.  They weren't awful but if you choose to call yourself a house of PANCAKES, your pancakes had better be worthy of top billing.  These weren't anything special.  The coffee came in a thermos on the table, a feature I always prefer so as not to depend on a waitress refilling my cup but, as in Perkins, the coffee tasted burnt.  They must both use the same coffee and brewing method.  The service was good.  I was wearing my New York Giants sweatshirt, still basking in their victory over the top-seeded Packers last night.  Turns out the waitress was a Packers fan.  She said she was bummed by the loss but she was still pleasant, so I did not feel it necessary for her to sample my food before I ate it.  Cheeseheads are not sore losers like Eagles fans.  My visit ended with having to wait on line for quite some time to pay my bill.  Seems like they were training someone or something like that but the hostess was working with the cashier and the two of them together didn't seem able to figure out whatever was going wrong.  Not a good last impression.
4	I have never met an IHOP I did not like. The multigrain pancakes are worth your time.
1	Things kept getting worse ...My daughter had a desire for some IHOP breakfast, so we stopped there after running several errands on a Saturday morning. With the opening Illinois football game in town, rain, and a holiday weekend, we did not know what to expect.The restaurant was crowded but we were seated quickly. Thr waiter was pleasant. Our orders seemed simple: Belgian Waffle Combo and Ham and Egg Melt Combo. So we waited ... and waited ... and waited ... As people who ordered after us got their food it became clear that something had gone wrong. Our waiter had a pained look on his face when he saw what was going on. He came to the table and apologized for the wait. He took the Belgian Waffle Combo off our bill and gave us the bill early. Good attempt at fixing the situation, I thought. Then we waited ... and waited ... and waited ... Finally our food came. I had to ask for silverware since there had been only one set at the table. My sandwich looked lopsided -- one side much more full than the other. I attempted to rectify the situation myself only to find that my Ham and Egg Melt had no ham!I flagged down the waiter to let him know what happened. He was going to have the sandwich redone, but I said no since we had already been in there so long and the order was still not right. I asked about speaking to the manager. Our waiter went away and told us that the manager said ... get this ... that I would be charged for the price of a kid's grilled cheese sandwich! I told the waiter that I found that insulting and told him that I was not going to pay for the sandwich. He then told me (don't remember if he went back and spoke to the manager again) that he was a crew chief and he would take care of things and that I would not be charged. We finished our meal and left.The food was unremarkable but okay. Kudos to the waiter for trying to fix things. The management response about paying for the wrong meal was laughable.With other superior breakfast options in town, it will be a long time before I come back to this particular IHOP.
2	When you go to an all night IHOP at 3am and see security guards stationed at the entrance, you know you're in the right place.  The service was terrible (but friendly) but the food came out as requested.
3	THIS RESTAURANT HAS CLOSED to make way for a 27 story high rise apartment and retail building.  The convenience store right next door has closed as well. Development along Green street will soon see a 5 story, a 14 story and two 12 story buildings add to Champaign's skyline.
