2	open and crowded with a diverse international student-heavy crowd on a monday night? that's not too shabby as far as i'm concerned.
4	My brother and I met some Irish people in Ediburgh on our tour through the highlands. One of them lived in Edinburgh and after we got back we all went to one of the tourist traps with the tour group. After that place closed early (i think it was around 12am?) like most bars in the UK, they asked if we wanted to go to a real bar. It was pretty awesome. There was an Celtic rock band playing music. Some songs were straight up Irish jigs, others were like U2 with a Fiddle thrown in. It was an awesome place to dance, though it was totally crowded. The place was definitely expensive. There was a cover charge (I think it was around 5 pounds) but the band was definitely worth it. But drinks were ridiculous. 4 pounds a pint. Very friendly bar tenders, door staff and cocktail waitresses. Friendly atmosphere, great place. It's without a doubt an authentic Irish Pub/Bar in Scotland.
4	Everytime I attend a night out at this Irish public house, it is absolutely heaving with crazy, debaucherous people, dancing wildly and sloshing pints over every available surface. Pretty much the kind of thing I like. There's a certain charm to getting stuck to the dance floor because the layer of alcohol beneath your feet is as thick as tar. There are often live bands playing at the weekend as well, which is good craic.  Everyone that comes here is always up for fun times and there's not a hint of pretentiousness about it, so you can make very little effort with your appearance, and no one will really care. But that could be because they've had too much Guinness and aren't able to distinguish who their friends are, let alone whether some random person has bothered to put mascara on or not.What haunts me whenever I come here is Dropkick Murphy's previous life as a bar/club called Berties. They were some of the best days of my young life, I mean seriously good days, and I can't help but feel wistful whenever I'm here when I think about the Wednesday nights when all drinks were 50p, and sweat ran down the cave like walls. Happy times. Now the decor has been brightened up, but the stairs down to the toilets are still lethal, so if you've had a few, or you're wearing giant stilettos, creep down carefully, or you could end up in an embarrassing and no doubt painful tumbling situation.
4	if you asked me to point you in the direction of Dropkick Murphy's, I dont think I could - its so well hidden. In fact, on the night I spent my evening here, i couldnt remember getting here, let alone leaving.I do remember it being a hell of a night though. It's an Irish pub effectivly - but taken to extreme levels. The atmosphere is that of a roudy party, and there is so much drink around the place I'm suprised anybody ever makes it to the rather large dance floor. But they do, and unless you are prepared to throw yourself into the dancing, I'd step well back because you might get hurt. It seems that everybody in here is here for a bloody good laugh, a lot of drink and a furious dance - so over all the whole place has an amazing energy that I'm yet to come across anywhere else.Dropkick Murphy's can get a little expensive however, and as its always full dont expect a quiet chat and a seat.
4	Drop Kick Murphy's isn't the easiest to find and indeed even with perfect directions you'll be sceptical.  It is to be found at the end of a side road just after the end of the bridge above your head.  This entry road alone conjures up a spectacular atmosphere - it's almost like the movies where the best clubs are down some shady side street.  This street itself is perfectly safe, but it does do its job in creating a fabulous mood - all it lacks is a haze of mist for you to navigate through on your way to the door.Once inside the first thing you'll notice is a vast amount of sporting memorabilia - mostly Irish with a few exception such as a Sunderland shirt above the bar - perhaps donated by Anthony Stokes, but who knows how this shirt came to end up in this collection.  Thanks to its location this pub has managed to maintain a high proportion of Irish patrons and the atmosphere remains distinctly Irish.  Add to this the occasional live music and along with Malones you have one of the best Irish pubs in Edinburgh.
3	Dropkicks is open late, often has fun live music, and is almost always heaving, these things make it a great student bar.  However, every time I've come here since I was a student, I feel like Murtaugh from Lethal Weapon - I'm too old for this shit.  As I said, it's heaving.  It's like, impossible to walk across the room without getting shoved, stepped on, spilled on, heaving.  Want to buy a pint?  Forget it.  It will take 20 minutes to get served and when you DO get your drink, some drunken punter will bump into you and spill most of it.  Then, when you try to go to the toilets to clean up you are faced with a long stairwell down (stairs + heels + alcohol = injuries) to a dungeon where at least one toilet doesn't work, another doesn't lock, and another doesn't have a toilet seat or tp.  These things didn't bother me when I was a student and looking to have a few drinks too many and find a cute boy to snog (I seem to recall these were a dime a dozen here, but that may have been the drinks talking).  Now that I'm old and loved up, I don't come here.  I'm just too old for that shit.
2	A bit boring after you've been a couple of times. A fairly predictable Irish theme pub, certainly not the worst though. More of student haunt but it's a fairly good natured atmosphere inside with people dancing like no one is looking.Bouncer refused to let me in last time though without giving me any reason
5	Stumbled (quite literally) into this beauty a few weeks ago while visiting Edinburgh.  A group of us was bouncing around town trying to find a bar that was staying open to watch the NFL playoff games (Seattle/SF wasn't going to end until 3am).The bar itself is pretty nice, I mean, it's a bar.  Large on the inside, lots of booths, TVs for the game.  Obviously it wasn't packed as this was late night Sunday, but I can see this place filling up on weeknights.  The staff was really what made the place though.  Such cool guys... Marty and Cian were awesome.  I found people to be generally pretty nice in Scotland, but bartenders usually make or break a bar and I can't say enough about these guys.  Absolute all stars.The bar is a bit off the beaten path and has a cool location under a bridge so if you're looking to get off the Royal Mile or out of Grassmarket (which you should), 100% pay a visit to Dropkicks, you'll be happy you did- and tell the guys Brian from Seattle said hi, they may hook you up with a Bloody Mary shot!
