5	I am a foodie, and this place ROCKS.. The sausage is killer the bbq sauce has a  little bite and is extremely flavorful. If you love BBQ you have to try this place out
4	Just finished a delicious meal of pulled pork, brisket and ribs.  The meat was incredible and everything smelled so good.  I wanted to pull my car over and eat it all.  I would definitely come here again.
4	I'm a fan of supporting local businesses so I've been eyeing this place since it opened.  We decided to try it tonight for dinner & we were not disappointed.  The ambiance is a bit lacking but the food & friendly service more than compensate for that!We ordered 2 of the "sampler" meals: one had all the different meats & came with cornbread.  We added a side of coleslaw.  All of the meats were super tender & juicy, not too saucy.  The coleslaw is made mayo free & is not your typical slaw.  I wasn't a fan but my boyfriend loved it!  It has kale, broccoli, cabbage, etc.  The owner brought us samples of most of the sides to let us try before choosing.  The southwest creamed corn was one of my favs but I opted for the bbq beans & macaroni with my meal.  My platter was 2 ribs, 2 meats, 2 sides.  Both came with cornbread (with a twist).  It looks like the bread is baked into a loaf then sliced & grilled - so tasty!My son ordered the rib kids meal with fries.  All kids meals are served with an organic all natural juice pouch.The prices are in line with your typical bbq joint but I'm most impressed that the food is homemade.  We had a chance to chat with the owner & he shared a bit of his vision with us.  He said he's trying to create something unique in the area to break up the monotony of burgers, Mexican, and pizza available while keeping in mind food allergies that have become more & more common.  The rubs/spices are MSG free & the sauce is made with brown sugar, no corn syrup or colorings.Overall we really enjoyed this place & will definitely be back!  You won't be disappointed.
5	Not only really good BBQ, but a FULL menu of AWESOME BBQ / western FOOD!! By 'food' i mean actual food, not all the chemical filled BS you get served everywhere else in this state. I talked to the owner for a few & he's a good guy. He is committed to serving natural & organic food that not only tastes AMAZING, but is actually good for your body as well. He picked this location not because it would be good for his pockets, but because the neighborhood he grew up in needs a healthy alternative. Healthy BBQ? YEP, and it's GLORIOUS!I had the spicy pulled pork sandwich combo. The pork was amazing, the bun was perfect for that type of sandwich, & the fries were amazing too. VERY well seasoned. I also tired their lemonade. ...came out of the kitchen in a pitcher & tasted like my grandma made it. SO good! Service was very good too.I read the reviews mentioning a lack of ambiance, and to be honest, it was a little plain inside. BUT, it was very clean & after trying their FOOD, I'm happy they put most of the effort in to their food. The tables are solid, the seating is not cramped, & there's plenty of room for large groups. For a start-up restaurant, he did it right. Go try their food, you'll be back again & again.
5	Very good, I had the sampler sliders with cole slaw. Meat was tender and had a little kick to it. I will be going again.
5	We drive by this place a couple of times per week and decided to stop by after reading the positive reviews on Yelp.   The owners of the restaurant are very nice people and told us their story.  The food is cooked fresh daily and they buy fresh, local ingredients.  We ordered the Pulled Chicken, Rib Tips, Cole Slaw, BBQ Beans, and Mac & Cheese to have dinner at home.  They allowed us to sample the BBQ Beans and Mac & Cheese.  WOW!  I must say, my wife, my daughter, and myself were pleasantly surprised by the taste!  They were awesome!  We arrived home and tasted the Pulled Chicken, Rib Tips, Cole Slaw and Corn Bread.  The seasoning and taste were really good.  This is some of the best BBQ we've had in a long time.  They gave us their special spread for the Corn Bread and it was very good.  We'll be eating here a couple of times per week!
5	Had the chance to stop here for lunch today. The owner is very cool and showed me the goods cooking in the kitchen. I felt like Guy from the food network! Everything was fresh and the beef brisket sandwich was delicious! Highly recommended!
3	Owner is a great guy. I had the pulled pork sandwich it was okay but the bbq sauce seemed a bit to spicy.  I will go back and try something else.
4	Darn good potato salad. Best potato salad ever!  Onion rings were awesome too. Downside is that they were out of a lot things when we went in, like beans and chicken.  We had the pork which was good, The ribs were a little fatty though.  Barbecue sauce was good.  It's all a little on the spicy side so if you don't mind spicy barbecue.  Additionally,  they need a window cleaner and a couple big photos to detract from the paint color.  But I think this place has a great potential if they can keep it stocked so the customers are happy.
3	Loved: The interesting Cole Slaw and the potato saled.  Cool ingredients and a lighter dressing.Liked:  The owner's attitude and the pride he clearly has in his food.  You can tell he is living out his dream.  The BBQ chicken and the Pulled Pork are in this category as well.Room for Improvement:  They should add a third sauce that is less spicy than their regular sauce.  Good flavor just too hot to get a good amount on the meat to enjoy.  Also, it would be nice to see some meat options that arent shredded like sliced pork and brisket, or maybe a half chicken.  A cold beer would be nice too, so a liquor license would help.  Or maybe they could encourage brown bagging?
5	Food and service were both fantastic!  Hubby and I will be back.  Love that it's so close and don't have to drive all the way to Gilbert for great BBQ!  Had the pull pork, brisket, creamed corn and yummy Mac and cheese!
5	I've driven by this place many times, finally decided to try it out .Excellent BBQ, had the brisket delicious. Make sure you upgrade your side to the bacon cheese fries, homemade and tasty.
4	Wow...these ribs are obviously a labor of love. Extremely meaty...super tender and moist. Great spice to the rub. This is a small store...your classic local spot and clearly the owners passionate. The ribs are 5 star...the only reason the whole rating is not 5 star is the fries, while perfectly seasoned and hand cut, were not crisp...onion rings and coleslaw were outstanding though. Will be one of my regular spots from now on
5	Best BBQ I've ever put in my piehole!  I had the pulled pork sandwich and I didn't even bother with the sauces he brought to our table.  It was moist and JUICY and scrumptious.  I also had the cheesy bacon french fries, which were yummy and a little zingy.  My husband had ribs and they literally fell off the bone, also very moist and flavorful.  He also had the sausage which he said was *REALLY* good.  His sides were BBQ beans which he said were the best he's ever had and also had the green chile mac & cheese...and it was even better than MY OWN.  I could have seriously made a meal out of it and stole half of his.It's just a little hole in the wall type of place, but the owner is SUPER nice and fun to talk to.  We can't wait to go back and try their cornbread, which they ran out of.  Apparently it's so yummy, that someone came in and bought two of the three loaves they made that day!!
5	best BBQ I have had in my life!!!!!!! i have tried everything on the menu and I loved it all.....and gained 10 pounds
4	The BF and I stopped in here after seeing the ratings on yelp. We're from LA so aren't familiar with the area, but were very happy to have found this place. Had the pulled pork with cream of corn and cole slaw - both sides unconventional but very tasty! The original spice isn't very spicy at all, so don't know what that one reviewer is complaining about. The owner was super nice and friendly. Not only did he allow our dogs (a pit/lab and a retriever/lab) to hang out in the patio while we ate, he even was kind enough to give us some treats for them! Super friendly guy. Heard he's getting beer in the place soon too, so look out for that. And they do events! Will definitely be visiting again when I'm back on town.
4	Another great take out dinner from HEK Yeah. Love the brisket and their cole slaw is amazing! I'm so glad we live so close to your restaurant!!
2	Food takes quite a while to come out :\ small small portions for a bbq place and quite pricey. The similar place i have been to definitely crush this place in taste and quantity.If you are craving bbq and don't want to go to a sit down place and you are in the area, sure why not. Support the mom and pops. But it isn't a first on my list.
5	Great food!  A true local business.  Walk in hungry, walk out bursting!!!  Love it.  Also used their catering and the entire party was raving about the BBQ.  Highly recommend for just about any occasion!
4	Excellent food. Nice owners. Service a bit slow, but worth the wait. Coleslaw outstanding, cornbread very good, and the links very good. Ask for mustard sauce.
4	4.25Pros: good meat good flavor porkgood hand cut friesgood lemonadesauces were goodawesome staff (family owned and run)Cons: location is mehsize of pulled pork (meat)the bun was mehthe price is a bit muchWhile I say the price was a bit much you def get quality over quantity here. The homemade aspect of everything they do shows.
5	A definite hidden GEM!  Loved this place!  Owner and his wife there and run it.  All stuff made from scratch.  Uses the healthiest ingredients he can find and he will tell you them if you have any allergies.  Makes his own BBQ sauces.  Had the special, a half beef and half pulled pork burger.  Fries were hand cut.  Awesomely seasoned.  Definitely worth your while to find this place as it's kind of in no-mans's land (Cave Creek south of Greenway).  But worth the trip!
5	This place is a hidden gem! It's a family run/owned (husband and wife) restaurant and I believe everything is organic and local. The pulled pork is superb!  It's super moist and has the perfect amount of BBQ sauce. I also tried the potato salad and green chile Mac which were awesome. The owners are very friendly and laid back. The place needs a major decor makeover as they have random tables and chairs and wall art they probably got from grandmas basement. This place could use some major marketing as I would hate for this place to fail. There aren't many place like this in north Phoenix let alone in the neighborhood of cave creek and greenway. Try this place and spread the word because this place is too good and the owners work too hard for this place to fail.
5	My new favorite BBQ in phoenix. The sides put it over the competition. Really crunchy and very lightly dressed coleslaw and baked beans with texture and flavor.
4	Pretty tasty bbq for sure, but the service was pretty slow (but did seem like they also had a catering gig at the same time).  Tender pork, good flavor and a sauce with gentle spice.  Good fries, the Mac and Cheese was just ok thou.  Good review on the coleslaw from table mate.  The sweet sauce seems to have more spice vs. their original.  We'll be back for sure to a nice family owned place.
4	As a transplanted Texan I've been looking for good BBQ for years!  At long last,  I've found it!  It's my new go to place!
5	In the area from Northern California and wanted a good BBQ.  Not familiar with the area, did a quick Google check and found this spot. I look for local places when I travel as they tend to be pretty good and this was no exception.   Had the 1 meat plate which was the perfect serving size for a late dinner; pulled brisket with cole-slaw & bbq beans.  Meat done just right (delicious), cole-slaw uniquely constructed with kale, broccoli, and pumpkin seeds along with the usual ingredients (delicious) and the beans were as good as any I've had (delicious) ... definitely made in house.  The owner was very friendly and you could tell that this is his passion.If you want fancy decor and standard fare, this is not your place.  This is for folks who enjoy good, quality food created pretty much from scratch, a friendly vibe, and a reasonable price.  I'll be back when I am in town.
5	We stopped into this place for dinner tonight and were super impressed! Everything is made from scratch, fresh and delicious!  I ordered the smoked brisket and hubby ordered the pull pork. Both were delicious! I was especially impressed with their cole slaw as it was not your typical mayo based, bad for you disaster. Actually tasted very healthy!We sat on the patio with our puppy and the owner gave her a smoked shoulder to chew. She devoured it! Wen we were leaving he brought her a big of frozen bones to take home! How nice!We will be back! Had a yummy meal!
5	Loved the food here! For once I was able to eat BBQ and not go into a food coma feeling disgusting with myself from heavy foods. This place has all non-hormone meat and local/organic produce. The food is not so heavy either. For instance the cole slaw has grape seed oil and kale in it instead of only cabbage, mayonnaise and other fatty ingredients. The slaw was light and refreshing. The BBQ beans had some black beans in there and the mac and cheese was not overloaded. Good quality ingredients gave a delicious meal that actually gave me energy instead of slowing me down. Yum!
5	I have eaten here a few times, and when the subject of moving the weekly Car meet I attend was brought up - I thought of HEK Yeah first.We all showed up at ~7:00 PM, 12 people and cars. This place closes at 8pm, but the owner Kenny stayed open later than usual to accommodate us. He even personally provided the "wait staff" and waited on us (usually this is a walk to the counter to order place.)The food was awesome, and there was that moment of silence in the entire group that only comes when eating really, really good food.Not many places would be happy to have a large group of car people take up their lot, stay after close, and have the owner be the waiter - but that was not true here! Kenny was friendly, joked around with us, and put up with the group without a single complaint!I had the pulled brisket sandwich and southwest cream corn - and it was flavorful, nicely portioned, and fairly priced.I don't see what other reviewers are complaining about as "expensive" here, the food here is well priced and fair proportioned. It is cheaper than my now second favorite BBQ place, and cheaper than most sit-down chains.
5	This was VERY good barbecue!  We split the "you can have it all" so that we could try all the meats and everything is cooked perfectly.  All their meats are juicy, flavorful, and tender.  I highly recommend and will be going back for sure!
5	Wow let me start with that !!!!! The ribs are amazing I mean tender juicy and the flavor really stand out. I've got to say that I will be back very soon. If  you want in on a quietly kept secret this is it. Don't let the outside fool ya because the fries the coleslaw and that delicious sweet tea are worth trying just once I promise you won't be disappointed. Please just give them a try.
4	Don't come here for the service or ambiance.  Come here if you want great flavors and really good bbq. The pulled pork is quite amazing and I'm not a pork fan. The beef brisket is really good but my favorite is all the sides. I love their green chili mac n cheese, baked beans, and coleslaw.  The coleslaw is not usual.  It has kale and raisins in it. Very good! The cons of this place is service can be slow and food can take a little longer to be served but this place is family owned and ran. So with a little patience in mind it's worth a trip to check out this hole in the wall bbq place!
5	Went here today to pick up some lunch. The owner was very friendly and gave me some recommendations since I had never been before. I got the pulled pork, shredded chicken, BBQ beans, and green beans with slivered almonds. All of it was delicious. The beans had a nice kick to them. I definitely recommend this place because they are a family run business, and the food is great.
2	Meh.  BBQ should not be bland; my pulled pork sandwich was. And lukewarm.  Hopefully it was a fluke; I won't be back.
4	Food was great and the meat was perfect. Only reason it didn't get 5 stars was the portion size for the family meal was a bit small and we ran out if food and sides.
5	The food was fantastic. The meat was very lean and the fries were nice and crispy. The service was a little slow but everyone we dealt with was extremely friendly.
5	Came here with a person with Celiac disease. Everything is gluten free. The coleslaw is hearty and interesting . The iced tea is strong. The ribs are perfect. Service is slow, but staff is charming.  Worth the wait! Highly recommend.
4	Very casual, very much a dive, warmer inside than outside @ 88 degrees, music playing in the background friendly staff, EXCELLENT BBQ and GREAT potato salad and fries! With that being said3 pulled pork sandwiches, 3 sides, 3 drinks for 35.02 not including tip I'll let you decide?
5	Great food. This area needs more BBQ and this restaurant is gong to fill this need. Hubby and I both got pulled pork sandwiches. Sides were coleslaw, potato salad, beans, veggie of the day or green chili Mac and cheese. Family owned. Stop by and check it out.
5	HEK yah! After one visit I am sold. The quality of the food and the overall  taste were fantastic. It was a hit with the whole family. The kids meals were a bit too spicy, but my guess is that you can ask for the fries, for example, to have less pepper. They even had a good gluten free bun for my pulled pork sandwich!! The service was excellent. Local, family owned flavor, as well.
4	Wandered in about 30 mins before they closed and was greeted with a warm welcome and slow blues on the radio.  Felt immediately comfortable.  Add this place to the Cave Creek Rd list of "divey on the outside and great food on the inside" spots.  One guy running the show cooking, taking orders and answering the phone but he was friendly and welcoming.  Pulled chicken sandwich had a smokey flavor I didn't expect and it was very welcome.  Vegetable of the day was sauteed brussels sprouts with almond and bacon.  Killed 2 huge mason jar lemonades.  I want to give this place 4 1/2 stars.  Drawbacks - no lunch specials on the weekend; no beer menu (he told me he's working on the liquor license) but also not byob; weird hours - closed at 8 on Friday and Saturday night and closed Sunday at 4.  Those changes would probably make it 5 stars.
5	Really good BBQ!!! The BBQ beans and coleslaw were so good! Got to try the ghost BBQ sauce if you like spicy.
5	Hek yeah this place is 1 minute from my house. I just ate there and have to say the best pulled pork I've ever had. I ordered online and did take out. While I was there they had me try their Ghost Pepper sauce, fantastic. I also had the fries which were also very good. We definitely be returning and telling all my friends about it.
2	The food is awesome but the delay is too long.  We waited 30 minutes from the time we ordered to get three BBQ sandwiches.
5	The food here rocks!!! Don't know what they're saying about the bad service the owner is real cool guy!!! Pulled pork with coleslaw on top and fries one of the best lunch love having a long time and I rarely pork!!! I highly recommend this place if you're wanting a good lunch or you want some catering for a party.
5	Hands down one of the best BBQ I have ever had! I have been to BBQ competitions in several states! I inhaled the BBQ beans and Pulled Pork! I ate it so fast, that I'm surprised I didn't loose a finger. This is my new favorite place for BBQ! I actually found this restaurant on the Yelp app for Locations Near Me. What a great app Yelp! So many people raved about this BBQ place, so I had to see for myself. We were greeted by the owner, a really nice and outgoing guy. I was indecisive on what I should order, which is a normal thing for me, and a pain in the ass for anyone else. Everything on the menu looked so good and there were so many sides to choose from. The owner recognized my dilemma and brought out a sample of four different sides for me to try! This almost made it harder to make a decision! I would expect a restaurant with this quality of food to be in Scottsdale! We are lucky to have it in Phoenix!  I loved the way they took traditional BBQ and added a healthy and culinary twist to it! For the main course I had the Slider Sampler. My favorite was the pulled pork, second the beef brisket, but the pulled chicken seemed a little dry. I added a little of their BBQ sauce and it was back to awesome. I was a little piggy and got three sides with my sliders. My favorite was the BBQ Beans. I love that they included black beans in the mix. The Fresh Cut Fries were a huge size, no complaints there, however the fries were a bit greasy. I like them more crispy. I had the Green Chili Mac N' Cheese, which had a good mac n cheese flavor, but I could hardly taste the green chilies. Two of the samples the owner had me try were the Cole Slaw and the Potato Salad. Both were very yummy! The only reason I got fries and mac n cheese was for my boyfriend. Next time I am getting the cole slaw and potato salad. The cole slaw even had kale in it, which I love, and the potato salad was to die for! Keep in mind that I have a critics palate, so I can be picky. This restaurant is now on my list of favorites.  The owner liked hearing my comments on the food and was open to new ideas and suggestions. I hope he reads my post, because I can see him making the menu items even better than they already are!   Hek Yeah I'm a fan!
2	My friend sent me the Yelp page for Hek Yeah and what do you know?  4.5 stars based on 51 reviews!  Damn impressive....or so it would seem.  Well, since I can't, for the life of me, find reasonable BBQ here in Phoenix off to Hek Yeah I go.  Fingers crossed.I showed up at opening on a Saturday and was the first customer of the day.  I thought for a second that the restaurant was still closed because the lights were off and the chairs were still on the tables.  However, the neon "Open" sign was lit and the owner was there welcoming me in.  It looked like he arrived just minutes before me.  After turning on the lights, firing up the point-of-sale system and taking down the chairs, the owner talked me through a few items on the menu.  I ordered the 2 meat with ribs and 2 sides platter which rang up to about $21 with a drink.  I picked beef brisket and pulled pork for my meats.  Mac 'n' cheese and baked beans got the call for my sides.  I took a seat and waited for my order which did not take too long to come out.APPEARANCEThe food came out on a sizzling metal platter.  Portion sizes were very generous and it also came with a bread roll.  The pork was pulled or shredded as expected, but so was the beef brisket which caught me a little off guard.  I guess I was expecting it to come out sliced which is always my preference.  Why?  Because when it is sliced it tells me two things:  1.  It was cooked properly. When brisket gets overcooked it becomes difficult to slice and you end up having to pull, chop, or shred it.; and 2.  It is a good quality piece of beef.  When you pull, chop or shred beef you can usually get away with using cheaper meat.  Often times, the shredded meat is tossed with fat drippings or sauce which compensates for poorer quality meat.  However, for the sake of this review, let's give the benefit of the doubt and chalk this presentation up to preference.  Many people choose to shred their brisket because that's how they like to do it for sandwiches or perhaps it was a "slice the flat, chop the point" type decision.  Food was hot and all appeared fine.TASTE & TENDERNESSTo start, I went straight for the ribs.  Well, actually what I got was more the "flap" than actual ribs.  Either way, I pick them up by the bone and the meat literally fell off the bone.  Despite what Outback Steakhouse or Chili's commercials will lead you to believe, fall off the bone ribs are NOT GOOD.  This means that the meat was OVERCOOKED and the way this meat just fell apart leads me to believe that it was not cooked that day.  Tasting the meat confirmed this suspicion as it was practically disintegrating in my mouth and it also felt and looked like it was heated up in the microwave.  The pulled pork and beef brisket were equally flavorless and dry.  The bread was "crusty" on the outside, but not very warm on the inside.  On a positive note, I really liked the baked beans and the mac 'n' cheese.  They were cooked properly, seasoned well and tasted good.To sum it up, I was very disappointed with the food.  I just paid $21 for overcooked, underseasoned, dry flavorless food.  On top of that, due to the taste and texture of the food, I highly suspect that the food was not fresh (read "made the day BEFORE").  Again, this is just my suspicion, but I look at it like this.....if the food was made fresh (i.e., that morning), but still tasted like it was made the day before and reheated then there are some other problems going on here that need to be addressed.  So, sorry Yelpers.  The hyperbole on Hek Yeah BBQ stops here.  If somebody asks me to join them for BBQ at this place my response will be, "HEK NO!"
5	Met a couple of friends here tonight and was amazed. The brisket is the best I have ever had. It was very tender, not chewy or fatty, and cut perfectly. The St. Louis style ribs were fantastic too. I liked the green chile Mac n cheese as a side. Lived less than two miles away and had know idea this gem was here. I would recommend this as a must stop in North Phoenix, even though it looks like a dive from the placement.
5	I love local owned and I love BBQ. How can you not try out a place called Hek Yeah?! I ordered online and my husband went to pick it up. We did the meat platter to try a little bit of everything. Plus added a large side of green chili Mac and Cheese and baked beans. Both sides were delicious. Honestly I can't remember the last time I've had baked beans that were that good. Not watery, not too thick, just right. The Mac n cheese was creamy. The smoked sausage and pulled pork were our favorites for the meats. Super nice family that owns the place as well!
5	I have eaten here and every time it makes me so happy and it is so smoky and tender. But be careful the ghost sauce will kick you in the teeth
5	First time here. Owner was friendly. Menu was small. BBQ was great. They have a ghost pepper sauce that lit my mouth on fire... Fancy fries were woooooahh good. They had pulled pork, cheese, BBQ sauce , and beans on them. Would come again
5	Heck yeah, I will be back! We had yummy brisket and delish Mac and cheese, as well as a fresh cole slaw, which is worth getting a large side to go, for breakfast the next day, if you're lucky. I also have a nice bit of peach cobbler in my fridge for that late night snack. Lots of food, and it is good! Fair price, nice portions, and tasty BBQ, right here in north Phoenix. Check it out.....you'll be glad you did!
5	Best BBQ in Phoenix! Friendly owners, excellent meats, sides and sauces with attention to detail. The desserts are perfect as well. This is a great BBQ establishment to support.
4	I have to say I really agree with Daren C.4.25I absolutely loved the staff. Excellent service. We were offered wait staff service, as I have just now discovered from perusing other reviews. The food was delicious, I tried the chicken and pulled pork with green chile Mac n cheese and cole slaw. Sweet and original were my sauces of choice, as the Ghost was too much heat for me. The Mac n cheese was so good, you could drink the sauce. I contained myself and dipped my bun in it instead, mmm! The cole slaw was even more impressive IMHO, because it had some additional crunchy veggies to it, like kale I think?! I greatly enjoyed the fun, colorful, more healthy take on a classic.I don't know why Cave Creek rd is a fairly depressing stretch of pavement for so many miles. However, it's been one of my favorite streets to be humbled by my own prejudice, as I have found gem after gem on this crazy little winding road. Hek Yeah gets added right to the top of the list of favorite hole in the walls.I do think inside could use a little sprucing up. I appreciate the low key, comforting vibe, but I think it's a little bare inside, and not as warm of an atmosphere as it should be to compliment the home cookin.I look forward to returning soon and trying the brisket!
5	I have been to Hek Yeah numerous times and it is always good.  It is close to my home (obviously I live in a hole considering the rude comments made by other posters on the location).......funny cuz that hole is worth close to half a mil.  Anyway I digress -- all the food is homemade and fresh and tastes great.  I see a review by someone named Don which was very negative and actually pretty rude......odd because all he had to do was mention his displeasure to Kenny the owner who served him and he would have made it right.  I guess it is a lot easier to get on a review site and act like a little spoiled brat about it instead.  If you want good authentic barbecue this is the place to go.  It is about the food here -- not the ambiance or location obviously.  People that have a stick up their butt about that should just stay away and hang out with all the other hipsters in whatever hole they crawl out of  (but not my hole).Ribs are fall of the bone tender.  Nothing is overly sauced as it should be -- the meat should be good on it's own without coverage -- there is plenty to add including the oh so good oh so hot ghost pepper sauce.  All the sides are killer and if there is cobbler dive in.  The first time I visited here was after a visit to Austin Texas and this stuff is just as good if not better then all the places I visited in Texas and yes that includes Franklins.  So if you want some good Q hit up Hek Yeah!
4	Yes, this place serves good food.  We had the pork and the beef sandwiches, with a side of great beans and the veggie of the day.   We liked everything.  One thing I liked is the serving size of the sandwiches and sides are not so huge as a lot of BBQ places.  We got full, but didn't get overly stuffed trying to eat very large portions.  And the price is a little cheaper than the places that serve too much food. My one recommendation would be to serve fresh brewed ice tea, that's nice and clear, with a slice of lemon.The owners, Kenny and his wife are friendly, nice people.  Kenny and I had several interesting conversations about barbecue, and how he likes to make it.We will go back.
5	Once again HEK Yeah totally exceeds my expectations as well as leave me well in BBQ bliss!!! If you haven't been here before you need to!!!!
2	My girlfriend and I stopped by here today for lunch.  I usually go to Rudy's or Joes real bbq in the east valley, but recently moved to N.  Phoenix.  I am a pretty avid BBQ lover and have tried some of the best all across the country.  I ordered the meat sampler, rib tips with 2 sides, mac and cheese and coleslaw.I can't give this place any more than 2 stars and that's being generous.  The food was clearly BBQ from the day before,  Come on man, I know what old pull pork and ribs taste like.  The meat was tough and lacked the smoke flavor.  The sampler came out steaming as if it came right out of the microwave!!!!  The mac and cheese was good but wasnt worth 5 dollars and the 3 dollar coleslaw was a complete rip off.  3 dollars for couple of bites of coleslaw?  Come on man.Overall, seemed like a good place for bbq, but day old bbq is something that I served.  I was not impressive and rather drive 45 minutes to Joe's or Rudy's for good BBQ.S
3	Do not waste your time or money on the ribs. They are absolutely repulsive.  The dry rub is flavorless and has an unpleasant texture. They are bones of fat. I dont even know where to buy ribs this bad at a store. I tried so hard to eat these, and couldnt stomach them. Trash. To the owners-if people tell you they are good, they are lying.  The sliders are delicious though. I really enjoyed all three kinds that were on the sampler. Menu is small and very basic. Dont expect to be able to order all the awesome things you see pictures of on yelp. Majority are specials
5	Stopped by to try a new BBQ place using a Group-On certificate. They are fairly close to where I live and like to support local businesses. Its a nice sized place and not flashy. I come to places like this for food, not trying to show off to anyone and Hek Yeah is just fine in this area.Had the combo with ribs and beef, and asked for some extra sausage on the side. The fries were excellent and you could tell they were fresh. Was going to eat half of everything and take the rest home for lunch the next day but when I had a bite of the ribs knew that this was not going to happen! The beef was great as well. Sausage was fine but I prefer the "hot link" style. Their beans were also very good. Next time need to try the cookies... Ended up having the excellent lunch then buying a whole rack of ribs to take home for tomorrow. so guess you can say I was sold on the place. The owners are great and even met another customer who made a video about the place. Kim you need to post that! Might even make you a bigger star than you are now!  :)I will be back, no question on this! Well worth stopping in for some 'Q!
5	My wife and I love this place as not only is the Q so good you really don't need sauce because of the spices and flavors contained in the rub, but we live just around the corner from it!  For the WIN!  The only problem with living so close to it is that we smell the smoker and the wonderful aromas that perfume the neighborhood, so we are reminded of it constantly (not a bad thing).  We usually share their "You Can Have it All" platter which we devour along with a jar of their excellent iced tea.  Deee-licious!!  Anyway, we find Kenny and Heather to be hard working people with a passion for BBQ and Hek Yeah it shows!
5	Delicious! Some of the best bbq I've had and I kinda consider myself a meat aficionado. Very fresh and high quality. French fries are delicious.
5	This place was amazing! Pulled pork, Mac n cheese, cole slaw & lemonade - all super good. Super friendly service too. We'll definitely be back.
5	This place has fantastic BBQ!OK, I came here a few months ago and was holding the reviews for a bit secretly hiding this awesome place but it really should be mentioned.I ordered the shredded beef brisket and put on the ghost pepper sauce and could not believe how good the food was.I got beans on my side and I wasn't too impressed, but it didn't ruin the moment for me at all as I came in wanting good meat and got it.The staff was funny, our group had some goofy banter and just really enjoyed being there.  I'm so coming back! I went to other BBQ places and this place has ruined it for me so this is now the only place on my list for BBQ.
5	Great customer service! The owner was so nice and the food was excellent. Would recommend to everyone!
4	We came in at 730 and they close at 8 (felt kind of bad but the husband had just gotten off of work) but we were still greeted with friendliness and a smile (thank you!!!).My husband had the 2 meat/2 side platter with chicken and pulled pork (w/Mac and cheese/ beans), I had 1 meat/1 side with the brisket (w/potato salad and mac and cheese) and my little ones had a brisket sandwich/baked beans. Food was good - it wasn't "blow me away" good but it was some of the best we've had in The Valley. I do agree that some of it seemed warmed in the microwave but I chalked that up to us coming in so close to closing. The menu is not super extensive but it has all the basics. Mac and cheese was a hit with all of us, meat was tender, the tea was tasty, and the BBQ sauces were delish. The best thing about this place was the service - we felt welcomed from the minute we walked in until the minute we left. This, unfortunately, is not a typical experience when dining out in this area. We will definitely come back earlier in the day and try a few different items. We like supporting smaller businesses in the area and this is one worth checking out.
5	A great Yelp find!    Looking for some BBQ while in Scottsdale.  Went with a friend.  We both had the ribs.   I had fries with mine and she had cole slaw and beans. Ribs came out with no sauce no sauce on them, which was perfect.  After all, why hide the flavor with sauce.   Ribs had a nice rub on them and the meat just peeled off the bone.   Fries were good and I used them to try the various sauces which all had their unique flavors.As another reported, the sweet tea was good also.   Unfortunately by the time we came to eat, all the desserts were sold out.
5	Just reviewed Dickeys BBQ close by and it was the worst BBQ I've had.  However,  Hek Ya is Great!  I've had BBQ from all over the country,  even in places like NC and KC which have unbelievable BBQ.  This ranked right up there.  I love this place and would have gone back again but the one downside is .... They close at 4pm on Sundays ....  EVEN DURING FOOTBALL SEASON!  If you can eat here though ...  well worth it!
3	I'm going to start this review by saying we cook killer BBQ at home and I've never had anything close to what we cook.. well besides Bootleggers.  I bought a groupon (shame on me..I know Groupons kill businesses but I did it.  I swear I said 5 hail marys afterwards).  I got a combo platter of brisket and pulled pork.  Meat was decent.  Loved that they make their own BBQ sauce however; I wish they had a different option other than their hot sauce which was insanely hot.. so hot that my husband who orders his food Thai hot could barely tolerate it.  We ordered the green chile mac and cheese which was pretty good.  Beans were just okay.
5	WOW what good BBQ..  I have had BBQ in Austin TX many times over the years but have never, up until now, found something as good in Phoenix.   It is a small place in a strip mall but from my experience the size of the building has nothing to do with the quality of good BBQ.   We have been there twice in the last 10 days and we will  definitely be going back.  If you love really good BBQ, this is the place to go!!  The service is really quick and caring too.
4	Ate here the other day. The owner was friendly and the atmosphere was very chill. Had a pulled pork sandwich with a side of baked beans and a jar of tea. Extremely good! Try a little of the Ghost BBQ sauce...WOW! ;)
2	Very nice Young Lady Cashier.  Restaurant was Clean and my Order was accurate and packaged with care on a Saturday 4 PM order.   TO GO - Approx $22.00 for my 1 person order.  3 Meat with 2 Small Sides/1 Brownie/No Drink.  I selected Beef Brisket,  Pulled Pork with small 3 Bone Rib portion.   Meal was just OK as Meats on the very dry side. " Fingers didnt get dirty".   Macaconi & Cheese described with green chile.  Although I have a mild taste buds there was hardly any cheese and no green chile.  The second side was a Garden slaw.   The Cream Cheese Brownie was fresh.  I don't understand the Cream Cheese Brownie name unless it is blended  as one with the Brownie mixture.  Have the 2nd of 2 Certificate's remaining.  If 2nd visit is repeat I won't be in a hurry to return.    The 5 Star reviews must have come on a good day.
4	Really awesome ribs!!! Fresh made and high quality! The place is a hole in the wall but the owner brings the food out to you! Bacon cheese fries will make you fantasize about them. ... I only gave 4 stars because Sundays are a crap shoot as to what items are available... But at least you know it's all fresh!!!
5	Amazing BBQ - Totally recommend.
5	GREAT!GREAT!GREAT! Best beef brisket i have ever tried, with beans on the side. Staff was very friendly and funny too. I am really impressed of this place, definitely going there next time.
5	Fantastic food and really nice owner! Had the 2 Meats 2 Sides with pulled brisket and pulled pork. If you like spicy BBQ sauce, his is a special treat. Green Chili Mac N Cheese, cornbread, all amazing. The bacon cheese fries were a special treat.
2	I have no idea how the ratings on this place are so high. I placed an order online and had the pickup time confirmed over text, but when I arrived the order was not ready and they didn't even have record of it. I ended up waiting even longer, and when I got back to work I found that they'd gotten the order wrong, anyways. The sandwich was cold and the meat was really bland. The "handmade" lemonade tasted packaged, as well. The beans were super tasty, but that was the only redeeming quality of the meal.  I might try it again as a sit down place, but never again ordering out.
5	We ordered a smoked turkey for Thanksgiving and it was the best turkey we have ever had. I Highly recommend it. It was so easy, we just warmed it up for about an hour in the oven and it was ready to go. Everyone raved about it!
5	Organic, homemade sides. Beautiful smoke rings on amazing juicy meat  Loved the green chili Mac n cheese. Food is great with or without sauce. Of course they are homemade as well: original, sweet, or ghost.
5	Tried HEK Yeah out because of their Groupon offer. I ordered their 4 Your Love combo with pulled chicken and pork, green chile mac and cheese, and cole slaw (and a bunch of slider buns). The pork was really tasty and smokey, but the real revelation was the chicken. Any time I get pulled chicken, it's either dry or bathed in liquid. This was neither. The chicken was in nice big chunks and stayed really tender. The sauces were nice and smokey--the original is pretty spicy, the ghost sauce is serious (but definitely gets the endorphins going), and the sweet sauce was great for the kids. The green chile mac and cheese was rich and tasty, but best served hot. As it cooled off, the cheese congealed a bit. For takeaway, I'd recommend a quick reheat. The cole slaw wasn't too flavorful by itself, but after the ghost sauce, it's coolness and sweetness shone. My family and I enjoyed our food, and I recommend HEK Yeah!
2	Great effort ... but it came up short.What we liked: Locally owned ... nice folks trying to earn our business.Smoke smelled divine outside while walking in.Large mason jars for drinks.Brisket was AMAZING!What we didn't like:Waiter felt more like a salesman than a waiter. I asked for a recommendation (having never been here before) and was shown the most expensive items on the menu and a detailed explanation why we should order them. Not interested.Menu (printed and online) showed a lunch menu - but apparently that's only available Mon-Fri and today was Saturday. Shouldn't that be mentioned on the menu? Menu mentioned pulled brisket (pulled "everything for that matter") but that depends on other factors and may not be applicable. Our brisket was sliced. My thoughts: Don't put "pulled" on the menu if it's not "pulled." Bacon cheese fries were soggy and less than desirable. Perhaps using real cheese would help?Atmosphere was nice ... but cold. Not sure I wanted to take my jacket off while I was there.
5	Haven't  got a chance to get on here and write a review yet because of the craziness of the holidays.. But I was just remembering the wonderful experience I had at Hek Yeah BBQ!!!I showed up early to meet a couple friends, it was very busy, only one waitress ( I will get to her in a second )....I seat myself and my wait begins... Straight away the waitress ignoliges my excistance amongst the chao.. I do have to say the experience was made excellent by our absolutely sweet waitress... She got me a root beer was very informative and  just a super sweet young lady all around! **PLUS** I  had no problem locating her  buzzing around the restaurant, on account of her  extremely  VIBRENT red hair! ;)  very  different and fun!  Fast forward  to my friends being late.. Me waiting an hour and a half ALONE!! The place was about to  close in 30 min and then walk in my friends. Not once did my waitress or any of the other staff bat an eye or make us feel unwelcome or rushed..We even stayed and chatted a few before leaving and when it came time to go our waitress gave us a still very cheerful so long.. Great service ribs , brisket and Mac and cheese are to die for!!!Well done Hek yeah !
5	We discovered this place when tasting BBQ at different places for a party.  One of the others was rated tops in Arizona supposedly.  Theirs was dry while Hek Yeah was moist and tasty.    We went back in to have lunch and place our party order just before xmas and was surprised they were closed until after xmas.  I knew they needed time to order meat for a large crowd, so was a worried because our party was Jan 3.  Went to their website and emailed them.  Heard back the next day and we were able to get our order placed.  I can say that our crowd of 60 raved about the BBQ.  No complaints.  This is the kind of neighborhood place that you hope stays around.   We have tried the pulled pork and chicken.  They also have gluten free buns if needed.
2	Lots of great reviews here but I can not agree.  I ordered the Groupon for $40 worth of BBQ for $24.  Only to find after printing that you get two $20 certificates which require you to eat there twice. So we went in and ordered 3 half rack ribs with 2 sides each. This is $16.49 but not pricy for 1/2 rack and sides.  So the cooking method and sauces are fantastic but the pork choice was a very cheap selection. Each bone was tiny and 1 to 2 inches long.  Meat was filled with gristle, bone parts and fat.  I have never seen a cut like this.   Baked beans were great and the fries could have been but mine just had way too much seasoning.  The price would lead you to expect a nice restaurant but you get a run down strip mall.  I know they are trying and the sauce and cooking method were great.  But I was misled and that bothered me.  Now I just don't understand all of these great reviews.  So after Groupon it was $48 plus a $11 tip.  No way was this bbq worth that price.  If I did not have the Groupon I would have spent $79.  Yes definitely something fishy in these reviews.
4	Great service is what many reviews mention and they are correct. I had pork sandwich and beans and slaw. Slaw was unique and fantastic. Pork was smokey and delicious. Beans had bits of brisket and were good. A few observations about the Place: Brisket sells out. They are closed on Sunday's. The ghost sauce is as hot as they tell you.  Lunch menu only M-F. Sit on the patio enjoy the smoker smell.
