2	Mama Said have painted their shop fronting a vibrant purple, and it looked zany cool enough that I deluded myself it would be a quirky deli.I was so wrong.I walked in expecting it to be exotic and diverse - it was a tarted up newsagents! They had a wee selection of Hershey's and some Bombay Mix, but I can get all that crap from my local corner store in Glasgow to be honest.They had some nice selection of nuts but the dream ends when you see Fabreeze on a shelf at the back of the store. Their strengths lie with their drinks collection - some exotic fruit juice and enough alcohol to keep you going if you're hurried and picking up a bottle. Their fruit looks fresh and they do have some small continental offerings.But don't let the cute fronting deceive you like it did me - it's only one step up from our average grocery store. The cheap popcorn and blah selection of chocolate can be bought pretty much everywhere these days. Given the prime area it's located, they could do so much better than this.I went in for deli food and came out with detergent. Rubbish.
3	Mama said is basically a revamped corner shop. I have no idea why they decided for the funky exterior as the interior is pretty much something you find in every neighbourhood. It has some fresh food, and your average snacks and canned drinks, but definetely not what I was expecting as far as food choice went.
3	Like the other reviewers, I was expecting Mama Said to be quite a bit cooler than it actually is and it really is a bit of a let down.I'm not going to complain too much as they stock Kettle Chips and they're getting a star just for that, especially due to the fact that when I popped in, a tasty bag of crisps is exactly what I was looking for. They also have a fridge full of Ben and Jerry's and had I not devoured a tub of it just the night before, I would have bought one to take to the park with me. I guess, if you go in just expecting a newsagents then Mama Said is a-okay and they have a good range of goodies. They don't really stock anything ridiculously exciting, but seeing as I'm easily amused, Kettle Chips are exciting enough for me.
4	I think my colleagues have been a little bit harsh on Mama Said. I'm first to admit that the quirky name is a bit of a con, as there's nothing more eccentric here than a bog standard food store. In the cut-throat world of convenience grocery shopping though, they need something to stand out from the crowd.As long as you don't expect more than a local shop where you can buy a marginally above average selection of crisps, it's great, sort of. Late opening as well, which is especially handy on a Sunday as everything else in Edinburgh is closed by 6.
1	Mama said we'll paint our shop purple.Mama said customers will come in droves.Mama said the extra 50p tax on EVERYTHING won't bother anyone.Mama said that Ben & Jerrys isn't nearly as expensive as it should be.Mama said that those stupid tourists will pay anything for a snack.Mama said we'll be millionaires soon!Mama said business is quiet these days.Mama said there will be no holiday this year.Mama said i've been sold on Ebay to cover this months rent....
3	It just goes to show - a funky name can make you stand out of the crowd and get people into your shop.The trouble is, you're shop then has to actually be as impressive as your name, otherwise that first impression counts for nothing. Mama Said, as many have pointed out, seems to gain most of its custom from people popping into it to check out what mama does indeed say and sell.. Trouble is, while Mama Said should be the name of a cool cafe or restaurant, its acutally a pretty bog standard newsagents and grocery store. Theres a basic stock and its all a bit over priced, but sometimes you can find something a bit out of the blue here, that you wont see anywhere else.As newsagents/grocers go, not the best, but certainly not the worst.
3	I'm going to be basically banging the same metaphorical drum as all of the previous reveiwers, so I'll keep it to the point.Yes, the shop front is bright purple.  And with a name like this, you'd think that it would stock a good range of posh snacks, maybe with some organic things thrown in here and there?  Um, not quite.  It's basically a standard newsagents with maybe 4 or 5 more product lines that could fit with its name.Credit where it's due, this place did make me want to come in and have a look, with the cheery outside and well-lit and arranged interior.  I think they should make sure that the products offered match the name, to ensure that people like us Yelpers are not left wanting.
5	Mama Said is a family owned local convenience store. It feels like a lot of reviewers are angry about the name, to be honest I don't understand the fuss... the fruit they have outside sort of gives it away as being a grocer's - perhaps those reviewers who were incensed at having to cross the road to find out what it is are myopic. The prices in Mama Said are, in keeping with the kind of shop it is, higher than supermarkets but no more so than in any other convenience store. It's not as cheap as ASDA, but it's on the doorstep. You don't go to Mama Said for your weekly shop, but you go for a treat or a pint of milk, it is absolutely ideal for its purpose.Mama Said are also my neighbours, and, as a neighbourhood, you couldn't ask for a better one. They keep an eye out for everyone on the street and are a Cockburn Street institution. May they be here for long to come!
