5	Real Mexican food.  REAL.  I ordered en Espanol.  Street style tacos:  Handmade tortillas, deliciously seasoned meats (listed below), onions, cilantro, lemons, salsas, radishes and pickled jalapenos on the side.Gordita:  Like a tostada sandwich full of meat, lettuce, sauce, cilanto, onionsBurritos:  Any meat choice including Lengua, Cabeza, Tripas, Carne Asada, and more.The real deal!Amazing complex flavors.Atmosphere is down-home, clean, but looks dirty because it is in a rundown strip mall.  It is a sit down after you order from the counter type place.  Be forewarned, its run down, and not in a charming way.  Totally worth it for the food though.Not fast food.  It always takes them quite awhile to prepare everything, and it shows in the results.Cash Only.
5	I agree with everything the previous review said. This place is as authentic as it gets on this side of the border. My regular order is two tacos al pastor and a manzanita. The people here are friendly and helpful. They used to be open until 3am on the weekends but I think that has changed. They also operate a food truck on McDowell between 24th and 32nd Street on the North side of McDowell.
4	Very tasty tacos. Tostadas and sopes are better. Their chorizo is great.Expect very slow service. My wife and I usually stop in, order to go, go to the store and grab something to drink or whatever the other person wants for dinner, then we head back. Usually, the food still isn't ready. Prices are good. The inside is very unassuming. The selection of sodas is minimal at times.The only thing bad I can say about the place is that you really have to order everything you want at once. No ordering one or two tacos and then one or two more, they're just not quick enough.
5	This is seriously very authentic Mexican food! Me and my boyfriend are regulars and usually order carne asada tacos, chorizo tacos, sopes, quesadillas, tostadas, or burritos. Those are all super duper good! The salsas are spicy and tasty, just like they're supposed to be! Don't be fooled by the sketchy outer appearance of the building, you will not be disappointed!
5	I call this place, Little Mexico to my friends and coworkers because it is so authentic.  I've been going there for about a year, mostly because its less than a mile from my work and on my way home.  I've never been disappointed either.  I brought some carne asada tacos and a bowl of beans back from work with me and now all my coworkers are addicted.We even did an event with 15 people, so I stopped by the day prior to ask how to handle it.  Just had to call in order early and it was all ready and organized on time.  Great service!It can be a long wait for your order if they are busy, so just fyi.  Salsa is very spicy, very flavorful!  Great stuff all around.  They now have horchata too.  Haven't tried it yet though.
4	The tacos al pastor were incredible, and the place definitely has "authentic" written all over it, but the sope and the tostadas with carne left something to be desired.
4	In search of Tacos de tripas I was guided to Tacos Sahuayo by Yelp. This is not the best looking place but its comfortable the people are nice. The Tacos are even better. I had one of each, un taco de lengua, uno al pastor, uno de cabeza y uno de tripas. They are big and are served on two tortillas along with a bowl with limes, cucumber and radishes. They were delicious!!! Its hard to find a good place that has Tacos de tripas and this is one you must try. (Cash only)
4	A dive but friendly service and great  tacos
5	Found this place on yelp - thank you Yelp!It is not a place I would go to without the recommendation of others, but yum! I recommend the street tacos! $1.75 each and filling 4 is enough for a man two was more than enough for me! Pollo and pastor for meat (everything is in Spanish so ask questions if you like to know what you are eating. I got a mini quesadilla too but it paled in comparison to the tacos, will eat there again! Super friendly staff, I live supporting small kick butt businesses!
5	This place has EXCELLENT street tacos. The Carne Asada taco is one of the best I have had perfectly seasoned, grilled and perectly tender. FYI- for anyone who hasn't gone yet- when you are looking out for the restaurant the first time you go, make sure you look for Tacos Saguaro (that is what the sign says- for some reason Yelp has the name spelled wrong.)
5	A hidden gem.  Without a doubt, the best street tacos in Phoenix.   I usually don't go for street tacos because that's just code for baby sized tortillas with skimpy fillings.  Not so!  Small (not tiny) tortillas come loaded with the good stuff.  Fresh toppings and your choice of meats-- asada, carnitas, and many more.  They do chicken right.  I can't remember the last time I had chicken at a Mexican restaurant that wasn't that plain boiled shredded white meat.  This place serves chicken chunks crisped up on a griddle and lots of seasoning and a hint of lemon.  You can mix and match your tacos, and four tacos makes a big meal.The burritos have the same meat choices.  Great tortillas again.  Another bonus is that the burros aren't massive- hear me out.  A burro is supposed to be hand-held food.  When it's so overstuff it splits apart or squirts out, you're making eating harded.   These are very well crafted-- good shape, size and ratio.  Not too much tortilla (I'm looking at you Azteca), not too much stuffing (Rito's).  Plus, the price is right you can just get two burros and still be out the door for $10.The staff is very friendly and accommodating of gringos like myself.  Open late.  Alas, no breakfast burros.
4	First time there after finding them with yelp.  Tried the street tacos they were good not the best I have had but still very good and the price is right.  The cute young lady taking orders was very personable and helpful and lead us to what we should try first.
4	We got the pastor burrito and 3 tacos - pastor, asada and carnita.  The food definitely tastes more authentic.  They also give you sliced radish, cucumber, lemons, and pickled carrots to accompany your meal.  The sauces they have are delicious as well - I liked the darker one in the squeeze bottle but needed the stuff they gave us in a bowl for heat.  I'm not positive that it was asada, but one of the tacos was particularly amazing.  Definitely the best carne asada I've ever had (if that's what it is).  The flavor is complex without being salty.  Its awesome.Definitely a must try!
5	Carne Asada plate is awesome with fresh chopped onions and cilantro with hand made tortillas... can't go wrong!Don't forget to bring cash!
5	I go here at least once a week. Best tacos I've ever had! Who cares if it's a little dive-y? The best places are!
5	I really cant say much about a non pretentious, low key hole in the wall that is mostly frequented by a Mexican clientele. This place makes tacos just as good as youll find on a street cart in Mexico. I had the four taco plate, 2 lengua, 1 cabeza and one of chorizo....all were pretty tasty but the cabeza taco stole the show for me. Their homemade salsas were bomb too! Im definitely going back here again!
4	Only slightly frightened when I walked in the gal came out of the back and seemed to have a coughing fit which concerned me a little or maybe a lot  but when the pollo taco and tostada arrived they looked and were muy bueno and the mama brought me some deep chile red hot sauce that warmed my heart and maybe other places still to early to tell.
4	This place is a dive, in the best sense of the word.  Truly basic interior, swamp cooler (you'll fall asleep if you sit at the table under the blower on a summer day) and pretty basic menu, but with treasures that rock - the only thing I've ever tried is the Al Pastor, which is the best I've ever had.  On gorditas, or in any other form, it is awesome.Cash only, no soda fountain - bottled drinks only (but good selection of Mexican sodas and juices).  Occasionally they have some Horchata brewed, but not very often.
5	Really delicious food, freshly prepared. Ambiance is very low key. Large picnic style tables with plastic tablecloths and a TV with Spanish programming in the corner. A cute Mexican family was having a post-church lunch during my visit.
5	Great street tacos.  Warm corn tortillas, filled with a plentiful amount of Carne Asada, with cilantro and onions.  Hot sauce was great.  The hot stuff is REALLY hot though.It's not in a great area, but don't let that keep you from trying this place.  Also the staff is super friendly.
5	Tacos and tostados were absolutely delicious. Delicious meal, loved the vegetable tray you get as an appetizer. The place definitely looks a little sketchy outside, but the inside is nice. Highly recommend squeezing some lime on the tacos!
5	In Phoenix for work, checked this place out and came back, several times. The tacos are fresh and so tasty. Nice to be able to have Jarritos soda. I tried the asada, pollo and carnitas; everything was great! Lots of food, i never left hungry. Fast service. Only downsides are they are cash only (not a big deal but know before you go) and parking is tough. There is additional parking in the alley out back, but it is the alley out back. I definitely would recommend this place to any fan of street tacos.
5	This place is my favorite Mexican restaurant the food is excellent and the service is as well! Today I asked for a order of chips and salsa they looked at me like I was some sort of gringo but came through by frying up a couple of tortillas and serving it with there yummy salsas no charge the tostadas are the best
5	Best sopes ever! Carne asasa torta is also delicious! One of my favorite mexican food restaurants!
4	We were just a few miles away from this place, and we were hungry.  Yelp showed good reviews, so we drove over!First, the parking is tiny.  At least in front.  They say "more parking in back", but it's not immediately obvious how to get to the back.  The building is run down.Inside, the place is a dive.  Not exactly "dirty", but not what one would call well-maintained.  On the wall is a small menu,  Actually, the sign is large, but there are only a dozen or so items on it.  The primary choices are "tacos" and burritos.  The tacos are soft open tacos, sometimes called "street tacos".  Several meats available.  Asada, pastor, lengua, chicken...I opted for a combination plate which had some decent refried beans, rice, pastor (pork) and asada (beef).  Normally I give a pass on the beans, but these were tastier than most (I got a sample), so I went with it.  The rice was very good.  The meats were served with warm tortillas.  They were simple, but very good.  From what I know this is really authentic fare.  Not Americanized, just what ordinary Mexicans have in their homes.every day.It's a bit far from my house in the east valley, but this has made the list of places to go when I find myself in Phoenix.Be warned, it is cash-only here.
5	delicious carne Asada beans and rice, got the burrito with cheese and a 1/2 liter Mexican coke for 8.50 well worth it. cash only, parking in back, you'll know you're at the right parking lot in back when you see the Mexican Coke bottles.
5	Excellent tacos! Great service! I've only found two other spots in the valley with good tacos. I've done my research too!! The tacos here definitely made the cut! Fresh garnishes, tasty meat, perfectly crisp tortillas, yummmm!
4	Been here before it was good back then and its good now.....they accept Credit/debit cards now with a $.50 fee which is a ok wif me.....nom nom nom....lol
4	Honestly this is a hole in the wall.. The outside and inside would need a makeover, but the carne asada and chorizo tacos are awesome. The taste reminded me of Mexico and the salsa de aceite is delicious but spicy. 2 bucks for each taco and they carry the traditional 1/2 liter Mexican coke.
5	The place is actally called Taco Saguaro   They are not cash only any more!  I was ready with cash but the party in front of us paid with cards. Cashier/waitress was super friendly and attentive.No frills but delicious. Between the two if us we had taco, tostada, and burrito.  We tried all the meats. The best "street tacos" I have experienced this side of the boarder we love cilantro and there was lots on the tacos. The tostada was also delicious piled high with garnish. The burrito was also good but our least favorite of the three items. As for the meat we liked the carnitas and carne asada the most. Very well seasoned and finely chopped.Being "no frills" they do not have air conditioning. We sat beneath the swamp cooler vent so we were pretty comfortable (it was a hot August day)Thank you Yelp. I probably wound not have picked this place without all the positive ratings.
2	Um . . . OK, we gave this place a shot, but were far less than impressed.I think they tried to be "authentic," and actually had a few items which could be picked up in "authentic" Mexico (sopes, tacos, which were what we ordered), but the taste and the quality were not something which would prompt us to eat there again.Location is . . . unimposing?  That's one way of putting it.  Another way is it is a bit scary.  Yes, you can order in Spanish.  That doesn't, however, make it a 5-star joint.  Not all that well-maintained . . . much like the surrounding neighborhood.  We came on a Sunday when there was hardly anyone there . . . and we were more than a little nervous parking our car and walking in.I don't have anything really bad to say about the food . . . I will applaud their effort.  I can safely say, however, that the taste was not of the "died and gone to heaven" variety attributed to them by so many of the 5-star reviews they have been awarded.I would say give them a shot . . . not bad, but not great.  They have menu items other than the regular "burrito / chimichanga" fare that so many folks think constitutes "real" Mexican cuisine, but not, in my opinion, meriting a special trip.
5	Best tacos in my time here in Arizona. These aren't your taco Tuesday tacos, but they are at a Taco Tuesday price. All tacos are 2 bucks all day every day. The place was empty at noon midweek and you order at the counter and the cute counter girl brings you the tacos and a green and smoky red sauce with a kick in a cold squirt bottle. These are way above normal drive-through salsa taste and leave a great aftertaste. The Carne Asada tacos were stuffed pretty nicely with meat (onions and cilantro are your choice) and the tortillas were griddled and laid down double so nothing ever fell apart. I started with two and had to return for dos more. English is spoken here, but all the customers that day were of the Mexican origin. The counter girl was very sweet, even pointing out some cilantro on my face as I ordered for the second time. Now that is good service.
3	It was a Saturday and I also learned that it was National Taco Day, so I thought I'd come here after reading the reviews. I came way after the lunch hour to make sure that there would be a place to park, as I had seen in a Google map street view that parking in front of the eatery is extremely limited. The interior of the place is clean and very basic, with two big-screen TVs on each end of the dining area showing some variety shows. I ordered asada, lengua, carnitas, and pastor tacos and a glass of horchata to wash it all down. The tacos were mostly OK, though one of them had a "reheated meat" taste. The cool cucumber slices and pickled carrots on the side were a nice touch. The horchata was pretty standard but refreshing. As is typical of most street taco places, the food was very inexpensive. I do not regret coming here but I would prefer to go to other street taco places next time the taco craving hits.
5	Believe the hype. I tried every taco they had, all were amazing. They were jamming some Mexican soap opera on the two TVs while I waited for my food which was new for me. I ordered seven of those bad boys and plowed through them like they were my last meal on death row.
4	I had the carne asada burrito with avocado, it was delicious.  No lines, pleasant waitstaff and excellent chef, I am very pleased to live near this hiddeen gem.
1	Went for lunch and we all ordered Carne asada burrito. Food was plain and overpriced for what you get.
5	No frills taco place! Ordered 2 carnitas tacos though on hindsight I should have ordered another type of meat instead. The nice thing about this place is really the food. What's not to like? Fresh warm and fluffy tortillas, topped with chopped carnitas cooked to the point of slight caramelization, and then finished with chopped onions and cilantro. Nice and simple. You can dress your tacos with lime wedges or the 2 types of salsa they provide. No beans or rice to cloud your perfect taco experience. I would come again if I set foot in PHX!
5	Yelp reviews led me here, and they were right: this place rocks. The food was fresh and flavorful and absolutely delicious. The young lady at the counter was friendly and helpful. We kept it simple-- I got the asada tacos and my coworker went pollos. I was tempted to go back up to the counter and order one with carnitas, but I was too stuffed. If time permits while I'm in town, I may swing by again to check out a few more things. I'd definitely recommend this place if you're in the area and craving tacos.
5	Got word they take credit/debit cards now. Super great place to eat in Phoenix and will always visit when I'm in town
4	Fantastic Authentic Sonoran Tacos. This would be what I call your street vendor style food. If you want gourmet there are other places for that such as La Santisimas. With that said, this is the style that I crave the most. I recommend the Carne Asada and El Pastor tacos. They are rich and flavorful. Make sure to snag a bottled coke while your at it.I will be back!
5	I want to return to Phoenix just to eat here again! This place is a total hole in the wall filled with locals. Its cheap and delicious! I got the carnitas meal and it was a big serving of meat with rice, beans and fresh warm tortillas. It was probably some of the best Mexican food I have ever had. I will definitely be back the next time I am in the area. Maybe they could expand and open up in NYC?
5	Tacos Sahuayo is a casual small shop with great food and a casual atmosphere. I ordered a chicken quesadilla, one carne asada taco, and one chorizo taco. All of them were amazing and I left rubbing my belly in a food coma. There was a chili hot sauce served on the side which reminded me a bit of harissa. I'm not sure exactly what it was, but it I wanted to put it on everything. The service was great and I'll certainly stop again if I come back to Phoenix.
5	Last dinner in town before heading back to Seattle and we were looking for a place that was quick and nearby.  This is the place!They have tortas, tacos, burritos, quesadillas and so on.I had their chorizo taco and carne asada quesadilla and they were seasoned well and done perfectly.  Especially, the carne asada, it was moist, flavorful, all-around good with a little kick.  My wife had their burrito and taco in head and lengua meat and she liked hers.I also had a Mexican bottle Coke which is always refreshing and good.  My wife's sangria out of the bottle drink was not good; we thought they made their own sangria.If only Seattle had good Mexican food. (sighs)
5	My husband and I were staying in Arizona for only a day and had a craving for Mexican food. Looked up restaurants near by and came across this whole in the wall. As we walked into the restaurant we were dubious to order but we've always known that hole in the walls tend to have the best food and this joint was no exception. I ordered the asada gordita and my husband the chorizo and asada tostada with a side of the mini chorizo quesadilla. Hands down this has been the best Mexican food we have eaten and even being from LA. The food was fresh made to order and did not taste of grease like other Mexican foods. Another upside was their affordable prices. The only downside is their small menu selection, but their tasty quality food makes up for it. If you are in town please give this modest hole in the wall a try! You will honestly not regret it!
4	I am always down to have a taco, burrito or anything Mexican like.  Our last night in Phoenix and we wanted Mexican food.  We stayed way too long at the bar in our hotel and it was getting pretty late since we had to wake up at 5 to board our plane back to Seattle.  My husband found this restaurant on yelp and we made the 5 minute drive to a very sketchy and dark building.  One reviewer indicated that you would miss the building since it doesn't have an actual sign.  They didn't lie.  I had my gps so I was looking for it but you can easily pass this place up in the dark or light.  Let's be honest, this area is not the best but who cares as long as the food is good and your car isn't stolen when you leave out the restaurant.  There is not a waitress so you look at the board and present your order like Burger King.  Please note that board on the wall has different items than the paper on the counter.  I had my order all ready (lengua burrito and a cabeza taco) but when I got to the counter, the paper had some other items to choose from.  I ended up with the lengua burrito, cabeza taco and a chicharron taco.My husband ordered chorizo taco and the carne asada burrito.  The food came out quick and looked good.  My burrito was pretty small but filling.  The ratio of meat to other ingredients wasn't bad.  I wish I had said no beans (which I usually do) but it was too late.  The beans overpower the delicate lengua.  The chicharron taco was ok.  Sometimes, chicharron gets cold pretty quick so that was the issue.  The cabeza was pretty good too.  Overall, a good taco shop.  It is the best, hecky no.  Is it better than anything in Seattle?  That would be a yes.  The only downside would be the Sangria.  It came from a bottle and it was pretty horrible.  Why I did that to myself, I still don't know.
